DARLINGS OF SCI-FI
Young Adult Anthology

Smashwords Edition
Version 7
Copyright 2013 All authors named in this book
All rights reserved

Cover art by: Cora Graphics

Thank you for downloading this free eBook.  You are welcome to share it with your friends.  This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.  If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author.  
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content. Any trademarks mentioned herein are not authorized by the trademark owners and do not in any way mean the work is sponsored by or associated with the trademark owners. Any trademarks used are specifically in a descriptive capacity. Thank you for your support.


Eight young adult Sci-Fi stories by eight bestselling authors!

The Eslites Prequel by CM Doporto
Sixteen year old, Miranda Mays, discovers she is a superior donor for the alien race known as the Eslites, who have come to earth demanding humans help save their race from extinction. Will she be the one to help them or will their quest continue?
Project ELE by Rebecca Gober and Courtney Nuckels
Is it possible to fall in love when the world is crashing down around you? The world could very well be ending and Willow Mosby's life, as she knows it, is about to change forever. After being forced to take refuge in a F.E.M.A. shelter, Willow has to quickly adapt to the new challenges that shelter life demands. The least of which includes making new friends, working a full time job, experiencing her first relationship and trying to find out why she's exhibiting some strange new abilities.
Tempest by Holly Hook
Sixteen-year-old Janelle never thought the gray spiral birthmark on her arm meant anything special. But when gorgeous Gary materializes out of a hurricane right in front of her, that all changes, because he shares a marking exactly like hers. When Gary shows her the truth about the curse they share, it's only the start of their nightmare.
Gone by Christine Kersey
Sixteen-year-old Morgan Campbell runs away from home and when she returns the next day her world is turned upside-down. Not only is her family missing, but another family is living in her house and claims to have lived there for weeks.
Mercy by C.C. Marks
Charlie’s true identity is a secret, but her presence places those around her in danger. She must protect her baby sister and herself from grotesque monsters outside the community as well as human ones inside. Will the truth she discovers about her protectors save her or ultimately doom her to a fate worse than death?
Agartha's Castaway by Chrissy Peebles
Seventeen-year-old Casey Smith can't wait to embark on her summer vacation, not least because she's finally shed her tomboy image, and now heartthrob Mike seems interested. What starts out great, with lots of flirting, taking her a step closer to winning her crush's heart, soon turns into her worst nightmare. Tossed out to sea during a freak storm, Casey is washed up on what she presumes to be a mysterious tropical island that's on no map she's ever seen.
Smacking Back by Laura Bradley Rede
In a future where everyone wears an avatar and the internet connects to your brain, cyber bullying has reached a whole new level – and one victim has reached her breaking point. This thought-provoking short story by Writers of the Future award winner Laura Bradley Rede includes discussion questions and links to bullying-prevention resources for use in book groups and in the classroom.
Qeya A Heaven’s Edge Novella by Jennifer Silverwood
Qeya has spent her life set to drift on heaven's edge. Being Royal means more than being groomed to rule her home planet. She may only be fifteen, but she knows how to wield a scythe blade and suck the life out of her enemy, literally. Forced to lead before she is ready, Qeya must find a way to put aside ancient prejudices so they can all survive. For no one knows the secrets of the new world and only a few can survive the living nightmares at heavens edge.


The Eslites
Prequel

By CM Doporto


Smashwords Edition
Version 8
Copyright 2013 CM Doporto
All rights reserved

Published by: CM Doporto
Cover art by: Cora Graphics
Edited by: Lea Ellen Borg


Thank you for downloading this free eBook.  You are welcome to share it with your friends.  This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.  If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author.  

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content. Any trademarks mentioned herein are not authorized by the trademark owners and do not in any way mean the work is sponsored by or associated with the trademark owners. Any trademarks used are specifically in a descriptive capacity. Thank you for your support.

Prequel

“I won’t let them take you. I won’t.” Bryce released my hand and his fingers glided out of my reach. I didn’t want to let go, but I had no choice. The pain behind his hazel brown eyes said everything to me. That he was willing to fight for me, the love of his life. But everyone knew resistance meant one thing—death for us all. We had all witnessed it and experienced it before, losing a relative or a friend.
“Don’t worry. I won’t let them touch me.” I swallowed hard and put on my bravest face. I refused to show weakness.
“Do as they say and they won’t hurt you.” My dad put his hand on my shoulder and leaned over and kissed me on the forehead.
“I know.”
Dad didn’t show or express much emotion, but this one time, I really wanted him to hold me and tell me not to be afraid. I couldn’t understand why he easily accepted this government order, which mandated that every female between the ages of fourteen and twenty-five go for testing.  Married, single, mother or not, no one had a choice. It bewildered me that our government actually formed an alliance with these Eslites.
My mom cupped her trembling hands around my face. Tears streamed down her cheeks and I could see the worry etched in her face. 
“Don’t cry, Mom. I’ll be back. Many girls have returned home to their families unharmed.”
“I pray you don’t pass their test and they don’t need you. I…I don’t want to lose you.”
Tears clung to my lower lashes and I blinked them away. “I love you, Mom.”
“I love you too, baby.” She hugged me and I didn’t want her to let go.
My little brother, Matt, pulled on my shirt. I breathed a sigh of relief. Any longer and I knew I would break down. I eased out of Mom’s hug and knelt down next to Matt. He jumped into my arms and we held each other. Neither one of us spoke a word. More than anything, I wanted to tell him how much I would miss him but I couldn’t. If I did, I knew I wouldn’t be able to stop the tears. I sucked in a deep breath. Mays are strong leaders. We never show weakness. After a few seconds, I pried his hands off of my neck and stood up.
“Take care of Mom and Dad. You’re in charge now.”
“I will. Be careful and show’em who’s boss.” He gave me a thumbs-up.
I gave him a wink and then turned one last time to Bryce.
“Don’t resist or challenge them. Just do as they say and you’ll be home before you know it.” Bryce knew me all too well. Stubborn, hardheaded and a rebel. Truthfully, fear plagued me, but I hid it. Deep down, something told me I wouldn’t return.
“What if I do pass their test? You know they can’t be tricked, or so I’ve heard.”
“Have some faith, Miranda. Everything will work out.”
I leaped into his arms. “I love you, Bryce.”
Holding me close, he whispered, “I love you too and I always will, no matter what happens. And don’t you ever forget it.” He leaned forward and kissed me deeply. My eyes closed and I responded willingly, kissing him with everything I felt for him. The world spun around us and my soul connected to his. I forgot that my parents were right next to us. Being sixteen, I’d never kissed Bryce in front of them. But I didn’t care. This might be the last time I saw him. 
“It is time,” a man announced. His voice echoed against the buildings making the hairs on the back of my neck rise up.
 Bryce’s lips seized their embrace with mine. I opened my eyes and smiled, leaving him with a happy impression.  I allowed my mind to capture every detail of him, from his dark wavy brown hair to the flat mole, right above his square chin. I wanted to remember every part of him.
“See you soon.”
“See you, my little red hot.” He slid his finger down the bridge of my nose and dotted the tip, like he did every time we said ’bye. I didn’t always like it when he called me that but for some reason it didn’t bother me this time. In fact, I kind of liked it.
I gave him a quick peck on the lips and told my family ’bye. Standing tall, I swung my duffle bag onto my shoulder and walked toward the green and silver hovercraft. I didn’t look back because I had to be brave and tough for what lay ahead of me.
Everyone in the town square embraced their loved ones, refusing to let go. It was obvious they hoped and prayed for the same thing as my parents, that their girls wouldn’t make the cut and could return home.
Several girls stood in line before me, waiting to board the aircraft. No one talked, all fearing the worst. We had limited information, only knowing that we were headed to a facility somewhere in West Virginia. Being in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, meant the flight wouldn’t be too long.
“Name and social security number please.” A young guy with dark brown hair and bangs that swept to the side of his forehead greeted me. He stared at me with mesmerizing blue eyes that made me forget my own name.
“Umm… Miranda Mays, 589-97-1028.” I broke away from his mind-numbing gaze and studied him. The Eslites blended in quite well, looking and acting for the most part, like any other human being. The only notable differences included their gift of being highly intelligent, physically fit, and more technically advanced. Kind of like a super human, only from another planet.
“Nice to meet you, Miranda.  I’m Reve.”
I let out a low, “Hi,” trying to keep my thoughts from running rampant.
Using a touch screen tablet, he entered my information. I caught him checking me out but instead of looking away, he gave me a devilish smile that caused my body to tingle all over. 
 He held up a pen device to my eyes. “Don’t move, please.” 
“Oookay.” I couldn’t move if I wanted to. I wasn’t sure if these Eslites had some type of mind controlling power but a part of me wanted to get to know him. Learn more about him. Explore him thoroughly. Brush my fingers through his soft layered hair. Wake up, Miranda! It took all my willpower and strength to gain control of my reckless thoughts. What was wrong with me? I only had eyes for Bryce. No one else.
I kept my eyes focused on the tip of the instrument as a low beam light scanned each of them painlessly. 
He lowered the pen. “Thank you.” 
I quickly looked down, not wanting to get sucked back into his hypnotic trance. The word ‘Confirmed’ illuminated on the screen, next to my name. “You may enter and sit wherever you like.” His voice purred into my ear.
I shook off the chills that ran down the left side of my body and stepped onto the aircraft. I hoped and prayed not all of the Eslites were so hot. Maybe this might not be so bad after all. What!  I had to be crazy for thinking that. This was absolutely horrible. 
I searched through the cabin and of all the girls aboard, I knew none of them. A few rows back, I spotted a window seat and made my way to it. A large muscular man, armed with a gun and other tactical equipment, stepped out in front of me. 
“I’ll take your luggage.” His deep, dry voice felt more like a command than a helpful suggestion.
My shoulders caved in and the strap of my duffle bag dropped into his large hand. My voice squeaked out a, “Thank you.”
I took a seat in the black leather chair and fastened the harness over my body. Inside, I felt every bone rattle but I tried to relax. I needed to clear my mind and not think about anything other than failing the test and coming home. The harder I tried, the more difficult it proved to be. After several attempts, I gave up and observed my new surroundings. 
The hovercraft resembled the cabin of an airplane, except the seats extended horizontally instead of vertically. A long narrow window on each side of the aircraft gave a full view of outside. The smoke gray color scheme and shiny chrome accents made it feel dark like the depths of outer space. Heights didn’t bother me and I never got motion sickness, so flying in this foreign aircraft didn’t intimidate me. Not knowing what to expect once I arrived is what inundated my mind.
“Miranda? Miranda Mays?” A familiar voice called out.
I saw Kate Bosch, a high school friend, stumbling her way to the empty seat next to me. “Hey, Kate, sit down.” I let out a big sigh. I wouldn’t be among complete strangers after all.
Her tousled blonde hair hung in her face and she breathed heavily. “I didn’t know they called you for this round, too.”
 “Yeah, we got the call last week.”
 “I’m so scared. I don’t want to give my eggs to these freaks and I sure—”
I clamped my hand over her mouth. “Shhh. Don’t say too much. It’s best to keep quiet.”
She nodded and I dropped my hand.
I looked around to see if any of the guards heard Kate. The sobs and cries from several girls drowned out her whining voice. Tears filled her light blue eyes and I saw the desperation embedded deep within them.
“I know, I’m scared too,” I whispered.
She leaned against me, clinging to my side for support. “I’m freakin’ out, Miranda. I don’t know what to do.”
I put my arm around her and hugged her. “We will get through this.”

***

Thirty minutes later, we landed on a military base near Martinsburg, West Virginia. A shuttle took us to our destination. Peering through the window I saw three large black and silver cylinder-shaped buildings that stood several stories tall. The sun’s rays reflected off the building making them glow like a bright LED light bulb. Never had I seen buildings with such a unique shape.
Kate and I stepped out of the shuttle and waited with the other girls. A breeze fluttered through my hair, giving me an eerie feeling up and down my back. Holding on to the cross around my neck, I said a quick prayer. Only God could help me now. A guard motioned for us to follow him. I sucked in a deep breath and let it out slowly. Mays are strong leaders. We never show weakness.  My legs trembled with each step as I walked toward one of the buildings. No matter how hard I tried to be brave, I couldn’t ignore the fear and worry circulating through my blood.
The guard led us inside one of the futuristic structures which resembled another world, possibly theirs. Large TV screens dominated the walls and weird animal like robots zipped around us. It felt like I was in a scene at Stark Expo.  I waited to see if Iron Man himself might greet us.
“Oh my God… this place is unbelievable,” I muttered to Kate.
Kate nodded but didn’t speak a word. Her mouth hung open and her eyes bulged, taking in her surroundings. Monochromatic colors of black and silver covered the building from the ceiling to the floor. Modern furnishings from black marble tables, to black leather chairs, and black carpet with accents of silver filled the facility.
“Wow. This is freaky.” Kate covered her mouth as a group of men wearing all black walked by us.
“I know. Cult like,” I whispered back.
They took us to our own private room, the size of a college dormitory. A drab gray painted the walls and black modular furniture with chrome accents filled the room. If it weren’t for the ceiling to floor window that took up the entire length of the room, I would have thought they had us in a dungeon. Kate’s room shared a bathroom with mine, making us suite mates.
I walked over to the twin bed covered in black cotton bedding and put my duffle bag down. I noticed an electronic tablet on the bedside table. I picked it up and a four dimensional holographic image popped up. A beautiful lady with dark hair pulled back in a bun and light green eyes smiled as if she could see me. Only her face showed and I didn’t know if she was real or a computer generated image.
“Hello, Miranda Mays. Welcome to Nidus.” The monotone voice with an electronic tone told me she had to be fake. “We have prepared an interactive video for you, providing a tour of the facility and reviewing the tests you will be required to take. I’m your personal assistant, Shilo. I can help you with anything you need. I’m available twenty-four hours a day for your convenience.”
For the next hour, I learned about all the testing required of my body, mind, and spirit, to determine if I would be chosen as an egg donor for the Eslite race. Not a single female existed among them and they wanted humans to help save them. I prayed that I wouldn’t meet their high quality of standards, and that after the end of the week, I would be home and in Bryce’s arms.

***

Seven months later, I found myself thinking back to the day I had entered Nidus. Why did I have to excel at every skills test, pass every genetic test, and ace every intelligence test?  Kate had passed them too, although not at the same level as me. They’d labeled me a superior donor, according to their standards. 
Regardless of having an elite status, I had limited privileges, like everyone else. They allowed us to send digital messages to our family and friends a few times a week. It kept me sane because I didn’t know if I would ever return home. I missed my family, but most of all, I missed Bryce. Every time I read his messages, I closed my eyes and his perfect face appeared.  It gave me hope and kept my faith strong.
Shilo popped up from my electronic tablet, interrupting my reminiscing. “Please be prepared to go to the Adelphia Lab at sixteen-hundred hours.” 
I went to my wardrobe and pulled out the special uniform created for the lab. Even though they all looked the same, the Eslites required certain uniforms for certain events. I put on the required outfit and stood in front of the mirror. My long wavy auburn hair and green eyes contrasted brightly against the black uniform.
“Hey, can I come in?” Kate peeked out from the bathroom.
“Yeah, come on in…just getting dressed.” 
“You got the message too?”
“Yep,” I said, turning around and holding out my arms.
Kate plopped down on my bed. “I’m so tired of wearing these black scrubs. I need color, for cryin’ out loud.”
“I know, tell me about it.” I slipped on the designated black ballerina shoes.
“I’m glad these pants have an elastic waist. I’m so bloated all the time and I’ve gained at least fifteen pounds with all these stupid hormones they make me take. You’re lucky you haven’t gained any weight.” Kate let out a heavy sigh and pouted.
I felt bad for her and the other girls that had gained weight too. I was fortunate that had not happened to me. “I guess, but that’s because I don’t have to take the hormones. Once you get off of them, you’ll lose the weight.”
“Well, they suck. I’m hungry all the time and moody.” She looked up at the glass eye fixed on the ceiling in the center of the room and stuck out her tongue.
“Kate, that’s not going to help.”
“I don’t care. I’m tired of feeling like a prisoner. I’m sick of these eyes watching our every move. They give me the creeps. I bet there’s an eye hidden in the bathroom. I haven’t found it yet, but I know it’s there.
“I’ve searched and can’t find it either. Some perv is probably watching us get undressed and taking a shower.”  I shuddered, knowing that men watched us through these eyes since the only females present at Nidus, besides the six-thousand donors, were computer generated.
“Freaks.” Kate flipped off the eye this time. “I hope this won’t take long. I have a test tomorrow and I need to study. What do you think they will want us to do today?” Kate walked over to the food requestor and punched in a code. Instantly, the unit delivered a package of string cheese. Nifty and convenient.
“Who knows? But I have to go to work after dinner, so I need to get my homework done too.” We all attended the on-campus school and contributed to the Nidus community based upon our skills. I got the pleasure of working in the technology lab, testing out scanning and tracking equipment they developed. The only thing I looked forward to besides the cozy cafeteria with gourmet type food.
A short chime sounded from my digital tablet, altering us to be ready to go.
“See ya in a sec.” Kate shoved the rest of the cheese in her mouth and sprinted to her room.

***

The door to my room slid open sideways and a guard waited outside for me. I followed Kate and eight other girls down the cold and dark corridor to a set of elevators. We went several floors down to the Adelphia Lab.
We entered the dimly lit viewing room, in front of the main lab area, and took a seat on a long black bench against the wall. We waited for the opaque glass doors to open.
 “What’s taking so long? I think we’ve been sitting here for at least ten minutes now.” Kate crossed her arms and let out a long sigh.
I looked around. “I don’t know. We never wait this long.” Since we didn’t have our electronic tablets and the guards didn’t answer any of our questions, we had no choice but to wait. A minute later, the glass doors opened and an electronic arm moved ten incubators with fetuses a few feet in front of us. Each one marked with a number. Mine was Eslite 2790.
We heard a door open and turned to look. Dimas, head master of Nidus, entered the room.
“Oh no,” Kate cried out under her breath. She retracted her body against the wall.
“Crap.” I let my head hit the back of the wall. Dimas didn’t make many appearances, but when he did, all hell broke loose.
“This is preposterous. I want answers and I want them now!” He shook his fist in the air while walking to the center of the room.
Dr. Ridus, the head physician from the med center, scurried behind him. “We are doing all we can. The research doesn’t make sense. We are 99.99% compatible with this race. I’m not—”
“Don’t give me excuses. Make sense of it and figure this out or we all die.” Dimas placed his hands on the doctor’s shoulders. We all watched in terror, not knowing what to expect.
The doctor pushed his glasses closer to his face. His hand and voice trembled. “Yes, sir. I understand. We will do a thorough analysis on these dead fetuses before we try again. The good news is they survived for sixteen weeks.”
Several girls gasped and I had to think about what he said.
“Did he say dead?” I leaned over and whispered to Kate.
“Yes, I think so.”
“Wow. So this makes batch three now.”
Kate shook her head. “I don’t think I can take much more.”
“Me either.”
Dimas dug his fingers into the doctor’s collarbone. “I don’t want to hear the word try. Just do it! Figure it out!” Dr. Ridus’ eyes narrowed and he let out a shrilling yelp, falling down to his knees. Dimas released his grip. The doctor eased himself up from the floor and straightened out his black lab coat. Dimas started to walk off then spun around and with one quick blow, backhanded the doctor. “You’re worthless to me.”
The doctor flew back and collided with incubator. The glass encasing leaned to the right and knocked the one next to it over.  One by one the incubators fell over in a domino effect until the entire row came crashing down to the floor. Glass shattered and the artificial wombs broke open causing the thick pinkish fluid to spew out on to the floor. Dead fetuses washed out from their incubators, still attached to their synthetic umbilical cord.
Screams and yells echoed off the walls. Some of the girls rushed over to embrace their artificial creation, while others hid their face from the site.
“Oh, my God,” I blurted out. Fluid flowed toward my feet and I jerked them away before the slimy liquid touched them.
“On no, what do we do?” Kate jumped up on top of the bench. She tugged at my sleeve. “Miranda…I’m scared. What if they kill us?”
I stared at the lifeless fetus. For whatever reason, no tears formed. Not because I didn’t have any regard for life, but because I didn’t feel anything for this fetus. I didn’t know or love the father of Eslite 2790. How could I create a child with him? A shudder went through me and my stomach twisted into a pit of nausea. I closed my eyes, unable to look at the gruesome sight any longer.
“Silence! Guards, take them to their chambers,” Dimas ordered.
I opened my eyes at the sound of his gut-wrenching voice. He made his way over toward me and I turned my head, trying to avoid him.  I wanted nothing to do with him.
Dimas grabbed me by my arms and stood me on my feet. “Miranda.” He shook me, demanding my full attention. I didn’t want to look at him. Mays never show weakness. I lifted my head and allowed my eyes to meet his.
“You and your friends better pray this next round works. Otherwise, you will meet your creator and so will everyone else in this world.”
I didn’t back down. “If you kill us, what hope will you have of saving your race? None.”
His nostrils flared and his eyes darkened until they glowed with fire and rage. I held my breath for a second. I could tell my words, the words of truth, hit him right to the core. I relished in pleasure, knowing it perturbed him.
Before he spoke, I continued. “We die, you die. We all die. No one wins. Then you will go and meet your creator, whoever that is.”
He raised his hand, threatening to slap my face. I gritted my teeth and puffed out my cheeks, ready to endure the strike. But it didn’t come.
He lowered his hand and pulled me up to his face. “You have no idea who my creator is.”
“No, I don’t and—”
“No, Miranda, it’s not worth it,” Kate called out as a guard dragged her out of the laboratory.
I ignored her plea. “Nor do I want to. For all I know, he’s Satan himself.” I let out a sly smirk.
Dimas burst out in a loud cackle. I recoiled as it sent shivers throughout my body. “You are very smart and intuitive, Miranda. Oh and beautiful, I may add.” He ran his finger down my cheek. His eyes locked on mine and I felt myself drawing closer to him. I watched the flicker in his eyes turn in to a lulling sparkle. The weight of his imploring gaze caused my knees to wobble and my mind to numb. I had to shake my head to snap out of his sickening spell. Despite his charming smile and mesmerizing green eyes, I wanted to throw up all over him. He disgusted me in every way.
His lips curled up in to a sneering smile as if he was giving me a taste of what he could do to me. He released me from his binding grip and walked away. I swallowed the lump lodged in my throat. This guy was a freak.
Pacing in front of me he said, “But you’re wrong. You see, we have the same maker. Yes, God is also our creator,” he stopped and looked at me. “But we chose to worship a more powerful source. Lucifer, Satan, the Devil himself.”
My heart froze and my breath seized. The Eslites were Satan’s followers who came from another world? So they weren’t aliens after all, just a superior human race that wanted us for one thing and one thing only— breeding. The human race was doomed to be enslaved by them forever. Providing offspring against our will. Did our government know this? How could they agree to such terms? Did Dad know anything about this?
He lifted my chin, forcing me to look at him again. “What’s wrong, Miranda? Cat got your tongue?” A wicked smile formed across his face. “I know you didn’t see that coming. Did you?”
On impulse, my body tensed and my hands closed into fists. I wanted to strike him. Hit him so hard and cause his body to crumble to the ground. But my strength didn’t compare to his. It was pointless. For now, I was his prisoner.
Refusing to give up, I straightened my back and looked him straight in his demon-possessed eyes. “No, I didn’t. But I know that evil never wins, and good always prevails. So, good luck with winning the war.”
“Oh, but we already are.” He snaked through the messy floor of glass, fluid, and dead fetuses, making sure his shoes didn’t touch anything. His arms opened wide and he pivoted around and around until he stopped to face me. “You see, Miranda, we are winning. Otherwise, how did we live among your people for the past ten years incognito while gathering data and taking positions of power? Convincing your government was easy.”
He lowered his arms and squatted down next to Eslite 2790. He scooped up the dead fetus in his hand. Using two fingers he pulled out the artificial umbilical cord from the center of the fetus’ stomach and tossed it to the side. He stood up and held the lifeless infant high in the air, as if showing the world what he had created. “This is proof we are winning. We are close to successfully creating an offspring with the human race. The Eslites will survive.”
He walked toward me, still holding the dead fetus in his hand. Fluid dripped from his fingers and a horrendous smell filled the air. I held my breath and squeezed my throat shut.
“See this baby, our baby?” He extended out his hand, holding the four month old fetus in front of my face. “You and I will create a baby together who will not only save my race, but carry on my legacy for years to come. Even if that means us copulating with one another.”
I glanced down at the alien-looking creature that was my baby. That’s when it hit me. Dimas was the father of Eslite 2790. Oh my God! He mixed my egg with his sperm. My body shook uncontrollably and my lungs froze. I couldn’t respond, still in shock.
He walked off with the baby still in his hand. “Find out why this one didn’t survive.” He bent over and shoved the dead fetus into the doctor’s hands. The doctor sat, crumbled down to the floor, wiping the amniotic fluid from his hands on to his lab coat.
“Y-yes, s-ir,” Dr. Ridus nodded, complying with Dimas’ request.
“Take her back to her quarters. She needs to rest and be prepared for the next egg extraction,” Dimas ordered a nearby guard.
The guard grabbed me by the arm and pulled me toward the door. “Wait!” I jerked my arm away from him. Dimas took a few steps in my direction.
I arched my neck forward and yelled, “I will never, ever, have sex with you! If you think we will have a baby together that will survive, you are mistaken. I don’t care what your doctors or scientists say. We may be a 99.99% compatible species, but there’s more to it when it comes to creating a life.”
He rolled his eyes. “What may that be?”
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” I commented with a smirk.
Dimas’ brow furrowed and he didn’t say anything. I turned my back to him and walked toward the guard, leaving him to figure things out for himself.
It didn’t take long for me recognize what these emotionless Eslite males had overlooked. Despite all the data, research, testing, and trials they had done, they failed to observe one of the most important things when it came to the existence of the human race. Love. A baby needs a mother’s love to grow and develop; without it, they can’t. Unless they figured this out, their race would end and the human race would continue, because the greatest thing out of all of this is the power of love.
To be continued in a series of novellas
The Eslite Chronicles 
The Eslites:The Arrival



The Eslites
The Arrival, Book 2


PUBLISHED BY:
CM Doporto

The Eslites
The Arrival, Book 2
Copyright © 2013 by CM Doporto

Thank you for purchasing this eBook. This eBook remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author. If you enjoyed this eBook, then please encourage your friends to purchase their own copy.

Published by: CM Doporto
Cover art by: Cora Graphics
Edited by: Lea Ellen Borg

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content. Any trademarks mentioned herein are not authorized by the trademark owners and do not in any way mean the work is sponsored by or associated with the trademark owners. Any trademarks used are specifically in a descriptive capacity.

Thank you for your support.

Chapter 1

We walked out of Saturday evening church service to see lights streaking the sky like fireworks on the Fourth of July. But it wasn’t. It was Memorial Day weekend. It seemed odd because the sun had not set. I never recalled a firework show so early in the evening. I looked over at my dad, “Are they doing fireworks at the Market Common?”  The Market Common had become the town square for the city of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, where we lived. 
Dad hooded his eyes with his hand, surveying the display. “No, we didn’t have any fireworks scheduled.” 
A loud boom roared through the air, shaking the ground beneath me. I jumped, leaving my heart behind while the rest of my body followed me. “What the heck was that?”
“What in the world?” Mom placed a hand on our SUV, steading herself. 
“Get in the truck, now!” Dad ordered us.  
No one argued and did as he instructed. I hopped in the back seat and strapped myself to the seat. My little brother, Matt, struggled to click his belt. I leaned over to help him but my hands shook making it difficult to slip the metal latch into the buckle. I took a few silent breaths trying to calm the fear that consumed every part of me. Matt fed off the emotions of other’s so I had to keep it together for his sake.
“Richard, what’s going on?” Mom turned around in her chair and leaned between the two front seats. “Are your seat belts on?” 
Matt and I both nodded.
“I don’t know, Victoria. But I’m going to find out.” He pulled his cell phone from his pants pocket and pressed a few buttons. “Shit! No signal. Here, see if you can get a hold of Larry.” Dad shoved his phone into Mom’s hand. He peeled the truck out of the parking lot and onto the main road. Everyone else seemed to be doing the same thing. Racing to leave the church and get home.
I fished my cell phone out of my purse and turned it on. Several bars showed, which meant I had service.
“Here, try mine.” I leaned forward and handed Mom my phone.
“Oh, thank God.” Her hand trembled when she took it. I reminded myself to stay calm. Repeating the phrase Dad taught me. Mays are strong leaders. We never show weakness.
“Will you stop rocking, Matt!” Dad yelled, slamming his hands down on the steering wheel. “I don’t need this right now.”
I looked over at my little brother. He hummed loudly and moved back and forth in his seat trying to calm himself. “It’s going to be alright,” I said, smoothing his hair away from his eyes. He looked up at me with wide eyes and I gave him a reassuring smile. “Let’s put on a movie and your headphones.” 
“O-k-ay.” He stuttered out the words.
Mom turned around and gave us both a comforting smile. But fear dominated her eyes and her lips trembled. “It’s going to be okay. Watch your cartoons.” 
Matt didn’t speak. He nodded his head and held on to my arm, digging his fingers deep into my skin. 
Dad raced down the road, the opposite way from our house, and got on the freeway. I figured he was headed to city hall, located about six miles from our church. Inside our SUV I could still hear the booms and see the sprays of dotted lights coming from near the ocean. Dad weaved in and out of traffic; speeding past cars stuffed with all their belongings. People were fleeing from the town. Getting far away from the chaos. Not us. We were diving right in to it.
“Have you gotten through yet?” Dad demanded, clenching the steering wheel until the whites of his knuckles pressed through his skin.
“No, not yet. I keep getting a busy tone.”  Mom continued to re-dial the number to Larry Stringer, the city manager.
“Try a different number. Look up Roger’s cell under my contacts.” Dad took his eyes off the road for a split second and picked up his cell phone from the console. 
“Look out!” I yelled when a truck, a few cars ahead of us, flipped over. It tumbled across our lane and the next one, barely avoiding all the cars. It rolled onto the median and across the fence until it collided with a SUV on the opposite side of the freeway. 
Our truck swerved right, then left avoiding several other cars. The vehicle in front of his slammed on his brakes. Dad quickly switched lanes and laid on the horn. “Idiot!” He held his hand up in the air as he passed the guy. 
I turned around to see the car pull off to the side. The man driving held his chest and a woman leaned over him. “Dad, I think that man is having a heart attack. Shouldn’t we stop and see—”
“What? Are you crazy! I have to get to city hall.” Dad glared at me through the rearview mirror. His breaths were short and fast and his nostrils flared with each inhalation. I hated this side of Dad. You’d think with all his military training he would know how to keep his cool. How he landed the job of city mayor, I’d never know. “Victoria, did you get ahold of him?”
“I’m trying! I’m trying, damn it.” Mom snapped back, tears streaming down her cheeks.
I sank down into my seat. This had to be a dream. As I started to shut my eyes, a high pitched screech tunneled through the air. I looked out the window to see a military jet spiral across the sky. Smoke spewed from its tale leaving behind a thick, black streak. This was no dream. 
“Holy crap!” I followed the plane until it disappeared out in to the ocean.
“Oh shit! We’re under attack.” Dad pulled over to the side of the road. The truck jerked until it came to a complete stop. “Here, give me the phones.”  He grabbed them from Mom.
“Oh my God! I hope it didn’t crash into any buildings.” Mom covered her mouth with both hands. 
I stared out the window at a black cloud of smoke billowing up in the distance. “I think it crashed into the ocean.”
Mom nodded. “Oh, I hope so. I pray it didn’t hurt anyone.”
My attention turned to a mob of people running across a parking lot. “What the heck is going on at the mall?” 
People ran to their vehicles carrying arms full of clothes and other items. Two girls fought over a pair boots; tugging and pulling until one fell down to the ground. A few guys carried out a large screen TV with the cable cords dangling behind. Another lady left a trail of clothes behind her as a security guard chased her across the parking the lot. No one had shopping bags and it looked like it was a free-for-all. 
“Dad, are seeing this? They’re stealing stuff!”
I shook my head, not believing what my eyes were witnessing. In the fifteen years of my life, I never imagined being alive to see a war in my own town. Especially the small town of Myrtle Beach. Why would anyone attack this town? Why not New York City or Downtown Chicago? It didn’t make sense.
“I see a cop!” Dad dropped the phones and flung the SUV into drive. 
“What are you doing, Richard?” Mom braced herself, holding on to the door with one hand and the dash handlebar with the other.
“I’m following him. I need to know what’s going on.” Dad charged the Tahoe at full speed. He trailed the cop car, staying close behind. The siren blared and the lights flashed and I imagined that onlookers found it odd that we were the ones chasing the police car. The cruiser flew through a few stop signs and slowed at the intersection. Dad did the same, not stopping for anyone. The Tahoe came to a screeching stop in the parking lot of Wal-Mart Supercenter. 
“Wow!” I pressed my hand up against the window. It looked like Black Friday. People ran outside with their shopping carts stacked high with food and other emergency items. Horns blared as people fought over parking spaces. Some left their cars parked in the middle of the lanes, while others double parked. The entire parking lot swarmed in a congested mess.
“Richard, look at that car!” Mom tugged on Dad’s sleeve. Straight ahead of us an old Cadillac plowed through several parked cars. It sped away with the bumper hanging to the side. Sparks flared up as the metal scratched against the asphalt. 
“I guess he couldn’t wait.” I teased, trying to make light of the chaos unfolding around us. 
“Wait here. Do not get out.” Dad instructed before bolting out into the madness. He made his way over to the cop car keeping a safe distance.
I rolled down my window, hoping to hear their conversation. Another loud bang sounded and more lights dotted across the sky. My heart raced. I had never felt so scared in my life. If this was war, I really wanted to get out of town. I glanced over at Matt. Through all the chaos, the movie seemed to hold his attention. 
“Officer! Officer, it’s me Mayor Richard Mays.” Dad called out, trying to get his attention.
The officer whirled around with one hand on his gun. His eyes widened before relaxing. “Mayor Mays, it’s good to see you.”
They gave each other a quick hand shake. “What the hell’s going on?” Dad motioned to the rat maze around us.
“The chief has been trying to get a hold of you. They even sent a squad car to your house.” The officer turned his head and spoke into the radio strapped to his shoulder. “I’ve located Mayor Mays. We’re at the Wal-Mart on Seaboard Street.” A few more cop cars drove up and the officer motioned for them to go in. 
“I tried calling Roger and even Larry but couldn’t get through. I need to get to city hall.” Dad’s voice held a deep level of stress in it.
The officer nodded his head. “Right away. Follow me and I’ll take you in.” 
Before the cop got into his squad car Dad grabbed him by the arm. “What do you know? Are we under attack?”
The expression on the officer’s face turned grim. His eyes narrowed and he pursed his lips together. Another loud bang sounded, drowning out the officer’s words. Dad’s eyes widened and the whites bulged out. More lights flashed against the sky as two jets zoomed past us. I cringed and pulled my legs up to my chest, wrapping my arms around them. We had to get out of there.
“You’re not serious.” Dad released the cop’s arm and blew out a breath.
The cop arched a brow. “Yeah, I am.” He turned and got in his cruiser. “Let’s go.”
Dad ran back over to the Tahoe and got in, not saying a word.
“What did he say? What’s going on, Richard? Who’s attacking us?” Mom spilled out question after question.
Silence filled the cabin of the SUV. A part of me wanted to know but another part kept my mouth shut.
Mom reached for the radio but Dad stopped her. “Don’t. Not now.” He motioned with his head to the back seat. I didn’t know if he was referring to me, my brother, or the both of us.
She looked at Dad. Confusion and fear collided across her face. “Oookaay.” 
Ten minutes later we pulled up to city hall. We sat frozen in our chairs, afraid to move without Dad’s permission. He jumped out and slammed the door shut. He motioned for us to get out and follow him into the building.
 We plowed out of the Tahoe and caught up to him. He shuffled us inside the building. The place swarmed with cops and city officials. I listened in on their conversations but couldn’t make sense of it. We followed Dad to his office along with several other people. Larry, the city manager, along with others I didn’t know, sat in a large conference room. They motioned for Dad to come in.
“Take them down to the basement.”  He ordered a nearby police officer. “I’ll come and get you all when it’s safe.”
“Safe? What’s going on, Richard? Don’t send us away. We need to know what’s going on.” Mom cried out, pushing her way in to the conference room. 
Before Dad could respond, another officer came running in. “Mayor Mays, Mr. Stringer, the chief needs you outside.”
“Outside?” Dad repeated, and then shot Larry a quizzical look.
“Yes, sir. Right away.” His chest rose and fell as he breathed hard. The expression on his face revealed a mixture of emotions. But underneath it all I saw the worry deep within his eyes. This was not good.
Everyone in the conference room rushed out and followed Dad and Larry down the hall, including us. 
“Stay close to me.” Mom said, pulling us to her side.
We walked out the front door on to Broadway Street. Police cruisers blocked the area, their lights flashing but their sirens on mute. A few fire trucks and ambulances parked near the curb but I still couldn’t figure out what was going on. I rose up on the tips of my toes trying to see past the police officers in front of me. A large crowd gathered around the front of city hall, right behind the blue barriers. 
“Chief McCarthy,” Dad shook his hand, “what’s the problem?” Larry stopped to the left of Dad, ready to assist.
Sweat trickled down the sides of the chief’s face. He pulled off his hat and wiped his forehead along the sleeve of his shirt. “This man would like to talk to you.” The chief pointed straight ahead to a young man dressed in all black. 
A small entourage of men cascaded behind the odd guy. They all stood about six feet tall and looked like they belonged to the Navy SEALs or some other Special Forces team. Although none of them had any visible weapons. Their black and grey outfits appeared rubbery, almost like a wet suit and kind of futuristic. Despite the fact that they were weaponless, I didn’t trust them. 
“Can we help you with something?” Dad held his head up high and kept his hands crossed in front of him.  
“Are you the leader of this town?” The young man asked. He walked up closer, stopping a few feet in front of Dad, Larry and the chief. All the police officers moved their hands to their guns. Ready to protect the city officials at a moment’s notice.
“Yes sir, I am. I’m Richard Mays, Mayor of Myrtle Beach. And you are?” Dad held his posture, keeping a keen eye on the young man and his guys.
“I’m Dimas of Etheron.” He extended his arm, offering to shake Dad’s hand. Muscles surfaced underneath the fabric of his clothes. Either he spent quite a bit of time in the gym or played some type of sport to be in that shape. 
Dad hesitated for a moment and then shook his hand. “Dimas of Etheron, you look a little lost. Universal Studios is five hundred miles from here. Just take I-95 south.”  Dad narrowed one eye at him and then retracted his hand. I had to bite back a laugh but several others in the crowd didn’t hold back.
Dimas’ brow furrowed and then relaxed. He looked around, the edges of his lips turning into a slight smile. His light eyes widened every time they passed a female. I saw the dark circles flickering in his eyes when he caught my gaze. It left a disconcerting feeling in the pit of my stomach. This guy’s intentions weren’t good.   
“Apparently there has been some confusion with your military. They fired on our ship and we had to make an emergency landing on your shores.” Dimas kept a straight, emotionless face.
“I’ve been informed one of our jets came crashing down, too. Care to explain how that happened?” Dad straightened up, squaring his broad shoulders and not showing any signs of fear.
Dimas let out a slight smirk. “In midst of the confusion, we inadvertently fired back. We meant your pilot no harm and if you check the wreckage you will see we shot at the tail and not the cockpit. He ejected before impact and I assume is waiting for pickup somewhere in the ocean.” 
Dad let out a breath, allowing his shoulders to relax. Larry and the chief did the same thing. Not the police officers. They held their positions, keeping a steady eye on Dimas’ men. I noticed the crowd growing around city hall. The chaos and looting seized as curiosity settled in. Who were these people and why were they here?
“We can discuss this mishap in more detail later. Can we help get your ship repaired so you can be on your way?” Dad rested his hand against his chin maintaining a steady stance.
Dimas waved a dismissive hand in the air. “I don’t think that will be possible. You see, our technology is not the same as yours and I doubt that you can help repair our ship for orbit.”
“For orbit?” Dad stumbled at the words. “Where exactly did you say you guys are from?”
Several of Dimas’ men broke out in laughter. They looked at one another with large grins across their faces. Dimas let out a gut wrenching chuckle that made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. “I didn’t. Since you asked, I will tell you. We are from a planet called Ephesus.” 
“Ephesus?” Chief McCarthy blurted out. “Where the hell’s that?”
Dimas turned a disdaining look at the chief before looking back at Dad. “Do your followers always speak out of turn?” 
Dad ignored the question. “If we can’t help you get your ship repaired, what is it that you want from us?”
In a slow but steady movement, Dimas walked around the marked off space, surveying the crowd again. His nose twitched as though smelling his way through the people. A smile played at the edges of his lips. It set off every alarm in my body, warning me he could not be trusted. He stopped in front of a teenaged girl and took her hand in his. She smiled, giving him a bashful look as he kissed the top of her hand. He eased his hand from hers and turned around and said, “Your women, of course.”

Continued in
The Eslites: The Arrival
Releasing soon!
If you enjoyed this story, please let others know by adding a review. This helps readers find new authors that they may have never heard of before, but may enjoy. I appreciate you taking the time to read and review my story. Again, thank you for your support.


About the Author

CM Doporto

Born and raised in the United States of America in the great state of Texas, CM resides there with her husband and son enjoying life with their extensive family along with their Chihuahua, Mexican Redhead Parrot and several fish. She is a member of Society of Children’s Book Writers and Illustrators and Romance Writers of America and is associated with the Young Adult Special Interest Chapter. To learn more about her upcoming books, visit www.cmdoporto.com. You can also like CM’s fan page on Facebook and follow her on Twitter and Pinterest. 
 


Project ELE

By: Rebecca Gober and Courtney Nuckels
Copyright 2012 by: Rebecca Gober and Courtney Nuckels
Cover Photo: Copyright Valua Vitaly / Fotolia
 Cover Work: Marya Heiman

~Smashwords Edition~

Thank you for downloading this ebook. It remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support. 



For more information about our content disclosure, please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us HERE.
CHAPTER 1 (Six days in line)

Waiting in line totally bites! What's worse than waiting in line? Waiting in line, outside in the stifling heat with escalating temperatures. The only relief being a hand held battery operated fan and a portable misting machine that ran through our daily ration of water in less than two hours. 
Beads of sweat drip down my face, causing my eyes to sting. My dad faces his fan so it hits the back of my neck. He always looks composed and collected, but even he isn't immune to this sweltering weather. His salt and pepper hair is plastered to his head with sweat and his usually vibrant green eyes show telltale signs of heat exhaustion. 
"They could have at least left the patches up until we had a chance to apply for entry. Maybe then the heat wouldn't be this stifling." Our neighbor in line, Mr. Leroy mumbles. The patches that cover the holes in the ozone layer is all everyone talks about lately. They are the only thing that keeps us all from burning to a crisp. Mr. Leroy is an elderly man with leathery skin, shiny grey hair and beady brown eyes. He walks around all day in only a pair of plaid boxers and a ‘wife beater’ undershirt. Some of the older women scoff at his choice of attire. It doesn’t faze him though; he says that dying of heat stroke while waiting in line to see if you pass inspection would defeat the purpose entirely. While I may agree with Mr. Leroy on that part, I have to say that honestly, he gives me the heebie-jeebies. He wears a nasty frown twenty-four seven and always reeks of stinky old man sweat. My mom assures us that he's just a cranky old geezer with a thousand conspiracy theories and that he has nothing better to do other than share them with us. 
"You know Lee, they are doing the best they can. The virus is spreading at rapid speeds and they have no choice but to begin the heating process to stop it." My dad says this, not bothering to remove the annoyance from his voice. 
"Is that why they let all of the rich ones in first?" Mr. Leroy asks with a cynical expression. "They've been in there for two weeks already and the rest of us 'lower class' just now got invited to the party." 
I catch my dad rolling his eyes behind Mr. Leroy's back. It makes me grin, especially since he always gets onto me when I do it. My parents are none to happy to have Mr. Leroy behind us in line. Up until Mr. Leroy opened his mouth, my parents had done their best to shelter us from the impending doom that we were all facing. Mr. Leroy on the other hand, couldn't care less that we are 'merely' children as my mom would put it. He voices his distaste for this whole situation, which he deems completely the government’s fault, whenever he so feels like it. With him running his mouth non-stop, my parents had no choice but to tell me most everything. My four year old little brother, Sebastian, is too young to understand. At fifteen, I truly feel I can handle the truth. Well, at least I think I can. To be totally upfront, I'm scared to death, but I'm dealing with it the only way I know how: Pretend, I could care less. It's a hard facade to pull off though. 
We've had a rather closed off life for the past few years, as have many children. With the fear of the virus looming over everyone's heads our parents had kept us inside our home for the most part. We had stopped going to a formal school by the time I was ten. Now we are home schooled online. Of course I never truly understood why we were forced to stay inside our small home all of the time. 
Millions have already died, with thousands more dying daily. The government was forced to implement Project ELE. Don't ask me who ELE is because I have no idea. I asked my dad once who she was, his expression went dark as he replied, "All you need to know is that you don't want to meet her." I didn't ask him again after that. After all, if ELE scares my dad, I'm sure she would terrify me. 
With Project ELE in place we only have another seventy-two hours before the temperatures are predicted to increase above one hundred and seventy degrees, which will most likely kill the remaining survivors outside of the F.E.M.A. shelter. Our bodies are not meant to withstand that kind of heat, neither is the virus. Currently the temperature is at one hundred degrees and some of the people in line have already faded away because of it. Fading away from heat stroke seems like a more pleasant way to die than to experience the excruciating death caused by the virus. It's an eerie feeling watching people that have died being whisked away on a stretcher with a white sheet draped over their bodies.
This shelter is our only hope to survive this thing. All remaining power that wasn't diverted for Project ELE has been re-routed or conserved to run the few F.E.M.A. shelters across the country. The line to our shelter is running at a snail’s pace. There are so many tests stations to go through before people are permitted to enter the shelter where we will supposedly spend the next three years or until they can get the patches back up, whichever comes first. 
Before you can enter the shelter they have to verify that you are not infected and that you are fit to survive. Mr. Leroy says repeatedly that this is not the place to bring the weak or weary and it's especially not the place to bring the sick. 
This whole business started with the sick. A virus brought forth from a cure. They thought it would work, that it could heal everything. Cancer, diabetes, depression, the flu, even the common cold could be healed by 'The C.U.R.E.' or Counteractive Universal Recovery Elixir. It did work for several years, until a super virus came along that not even our precious 'C.U.R.E.' could fix. My mom says that we weren't meant to live forever. Not that we could live forever even with the 'C.U.R.E..' Meaning that we couldn't cheat death by curing everything the world suffered from. 
The super virus killed off more than half of the world’s population. No country was safe from this air born virus; it only takes a measly few days to die once infected. In an attempt to kill off the super virus, the United Nations agreed to pull down the patches that they spent over a hundred years perfecting. Obviously I wasn't around when the patches first went up to cover the giant gaping holes in the ozone layer but I heard that it took a tremendous amount of energy and power to put them up in the first place. It is said that the entire world worked together back then and went for a full month without electricity of any sort in order to put the patches in place. This is another reason why they are diverting all of the energy now and not allowing us to stay in our homes. They need that power to put the patches back up after the warming does its job. On a side note, the project for creating those patches a hundred years ago was also called Project ELE. It's kind of creepy if you ask me. 
Scientists anticipate that with the patches gone it will cause a long-term heating of the earth's surface that will hopefully kill off the virus. They aren't sure if the plan will work, but obviously with the temperatures rising daily, it seems to be. They don't know what the long-term effects will be on the planet after they cause this heating, but the United Nations deemed the possible reward was worth the risk.
Mr. Leroy said that the earth will never be virus free and that this whole scheme will most likely end in the destruction of all life on earth, as we know it. My dad says that Mr. Leroy, or Lee as he calls him, exaggerates. 
"Willow, it's time for bed." My mom says. I look to my dad hoping he can make the call to allow me to stay up a little longer but he just shrugs. I roll my eyes, like a normal teenager would, and head over to our tent. I carefully unzip the tent door and cool air piles out. "Hurry, don't let out all of the cold air," my mom calls. I hurry inside and zip the door up again.
F.E.M.A. passed out portable cooling units to the families with small children yesterday as temperatures exceeded the hundred-degree mark. Mr. Leroy said that they only want the younger ones. He doesn't even know why he's wasting his time in this line when they are just going to stamp a big old DECLINE across his passport card. He says it's all about the survival of the fittest. The young ones who can one day re-populate the planet. I asked my mom what Mr. Leroy meant about re-populating the planet. She wouldn't answer me so I asked Mr. Leroy when she wasn't looking. Unfortunately, he answered me without hesitation. Gross! I could have gone the rest of my life without having that talk with Mr. Grumps-a-lot! I wish I could scrub my memory out with soap and hot water. Scratch that, soap and cold water, ice-cold water. Yes, that would be nice.
"Wello," Sebastian calls out. 
"It's Willow!" I say a little too harshly. His big blue eyes tear up and his face crumples into a sad puppy dog look. It breaks my heart. My little brother is the chink in my ‘all-attitude-twenty-four-hours-a-day-teen-armor.’ "I'm sorry Sabby, I'm just a little grumpy tonight." I apologize. I lay down next to him on the small air mattress that we share. My parents sleep on the hard ground, but all of the children get air mattresses, which gave Mr. Leroy one more reason to complain about the ‘travesties of his existence,’ as he calls it. 
"It's okay Wello. Mommy says we need to sleep when we're grumpy." He pats me softly on the shoulder as if he's the grown up reassuring me. My little brother is a little too cute for his own good sometimes. He's going to be a heart breaker one day; at least that's what all of the old ladies say. Sebastian has huge cherub cheeks, big bright doe like blue eyes and soft brown curls that are long enough to fall in front of his eyes. We look so different. I'm wiry and thin with hallow cheeks, brown eyes and caramel colored hair that has a mind of its own. I sometimes find myself envious of Sebastian's perfect ringlets. My hair seems to twist and bend every which way leaving me no choice but to throw it under a cap or into a ponytail. 
"I'm not grumpy cause I'm tired, I'm grumpy because I'm too old to be going to bed at eight o'clock." I throw my arms across my chest in a physical gesture to prove my frustration. 
Sebastian turns over and cuddles next to me. "I not tired eter." He says with a yawn. 
"Love you Sabby." I say as I watch his little eyelids droop heavily. 
"Wuv you too Wello." He says before he drifts off to dreamland. Right now he looks like the poster child for innocence. I wonder if I will ever feel that innocent again. Sometimes I wish I could go back to the days when my only worry was what dress to put on my Barbie or whether my mom would let me have that extra cookie after dinner. This is the land of no return though; a land where the weak-minded aren’t welcome. 
I stare at Sebastian for a while then turn my sights on the shadows that dance across the white tent walls. I try not to think about the future, the insecure feeling I get when I hear people talking about the upcoming tests, but they weigh heavily on my heart. My father used to tell me when I was younger that I should tell myself a story when I felt scared. I know I'm getting older, but I justify the fact that it's okay to tell a story to the sleeping toddler next to me, just in case he's feeling as scared as I am. I reach over and sweep the tiny ringlets from his face with my fingers. With a voice just above a whisper I begin, "Once upon a time..." 
CHAPTER 2 (Seven days in line.)

"Numbers one hundred thirty nine thousand through one hundred forty five thousand please pack your belongings and proceed towards the entry gate." A voice booms from a loud speaker. 
"Willow, Sebastian, it’s time to get up." My mom calls cheerfully out to us. 
I bolt up out of bed with excitement and immediately start packing my stuff. After waiting for so many days doing nothing, we are finally going to get to go inside! There are only so many games to play with a deck of cards. I pull my passport out of my bag to make sure it's still safe and examine the number that is stamped in red ink. I am number one hundred forty-four thousand and one. The number unsettles me; I don't like odd numbers.
"Sebastian, it's time to get up," I shake him slightly. He whimpers a little and sits up groggily. 
"I still sleepy." He says rubbing his eyes. 
"I know buddy, but today is the day we get to go inside." My father says to him. "Aren't you excited Sabby?" He ruffles my brothers little curls with his hand. Sebastian gives him a big sleepy smile. 
"I bet you are excited Willow," My dad says to me. 
"Yeah, well, it's okay I guess." I say trying to act like I could care less when inside I am jumping for joy. 
"Yeah, uh huh." My dad jokes around and playfully tries to ruffle my hair; except his hand ends up catching a tangle in my wild mane. He begins pulling at my hair trying to untangle his fingers. "Sorry love." He says with a half-smile while I wince at the sensation.
"No biggie." I reply a little self-consciously.
As a family we all work speedily to pack our belongings. I help get Sebastian ready. In fifteen minutes we are all dressed, have our single bag packed and are out the door of the tent headed towards the food line. The morning air already brings a heavy heat and with the clear skies it looks like the rest of the day will be unrelenting. I decide that I'm not going to allow my heavily perspiring skin to bother me. Nope, today is going to be a good day. Since our number was called, we are granted an express pass to the front of the line to get our breakfast, consisting of some type of cold cream of wheat concoction and a bottle of water. I scarf down the cold cereal as if I haven't eaten for days. My mom gives me a sideways look and shakes her head. Instead of calling me out for my bad table manners she just jokes, "I guess someone is about to have a growth spurt." 
"Yeah, I guess so." I smile back, a real smile this time. I can't help it; I'm too ecstatic that we will be out of this smothering heat soon. Plus, my mom seems to be in a much better mood than she has been for days. I can see the worry lines easing from her forehead now that our numbers have been called. 
Once we finish our meals we head to the entry gate and get into yet another line. Fans run along the path of the line circulating the already hot air around us. You would think something like this would provide some sort of relief, but with as hot as it is out here, nothing can take our minds off the scorching temperatures. A few mister stations are set up a long the way for the children. Children can't handle the heat as well as adults can. Even though the heat is intense, this set up in line is much better than the one back at camp, because thankfully, this line leads inside.
"I love you all." My dad says while pulling us all into a big bear hug. Normally I would be grossed out at even the idea of enveloping sweaty bodies, but it feels good to have that physical affirmation that we all love each other.
"Wuv you too!" Sebastian calls out. 
"I love you all so much," my mom says.
Everyone looks at me expectantly, "You guys know that I love you." I say trying to be nonchalant but meaning every ounce of it. I wouldn't trade my family for the world. 
"This is it, we are going to make it." My mom says with relief pouring from her voice. 
"Yeah, speak for yourself. Do you see how many people they are turning away? Ageist bastards; almost all of the ones leaving are over fifty." Mr. Leroy spits out venomously. 
I turn back startled. I hadn't realized that he was standing behind us. My dad tries to diffuse the situation by saying, "Please watch your language around my children Lee. This is stressful for everyone but I'm sure the F.E.M.A. has their reasons for turning those people away." 
"Yeah, their reason is that they don't give a crap about us. We are nothing but a number to them, a statistic." Mr. Leroy huffs. 
"I'm sure they will let you in Mr. Leroy." I don't know why I speak up to comfort him, but I do. I can tell that under that grumpy old man exterior he really is just as scared as the rest of us. Perhaps he's a little lonely too. He mentioned that he lost his wife to the virus last year. I give him an awkward pat on his back. I know I'm giving up my tough girl, annoyed attitude but I don't want anything to ruin today. Today is about hope. We are all going to be just fine. His eyes lighten up just a bit and his posture relaxes at my touch. 
"Willow's right, we all are going to get to go inside. Just you wait and see." My mom chimes in. I can tell that her face shows a little bit of anxiety but she's doing her best to remain calm for us. 
"I don feel so good." Sebastian tugs on my mom's shirt. 
My mom's hand immediately goes up to his forehead checking his temperature. Her face shows a look of displeasure. "Willow, I think Sebastian is overheating. Do you mind taking him to one of the mister stations?" 
I nod my head and grab Sebastian's little hand, "Let's go Sabby." 
He walks beside me lethargically toward the nearest mister station; I end up carrying him most of the way. When we get there, I sit him down in the middle of the tent under the cool mist. "Raise your arms Sabby." He complies and I pull his tank top up over his head. His little skin looks red and overheated. He's had to spend almost every hour since we've been here inside our tent with the cooling unit on. My dad says that little kids can overheat much faster than adults. Plus, they don't always know how to communicate when they are showing signs of heat exhaustion. Waiting in this line for the past hour has probably been the longest time he has spent outside in the elements. To help cool him down quicker I take his little yellow tank top and hold it up close to one of the sprinkler heads. Once it's nice and wet I put it back on him. 
"Tank you Wello." He says sweetly. His hair has accumulated enough moisture that his ringlets fall down in long waves over his forehead. Little beads of mist form on his eyelashes. I can tell by his eyes that he is still not feeling well, so I have him lie down and rest his head in my lap. I brush his hair like my mother does for us when we’re feeling under the weather. Sebastian gives a slight smile and closes his eyes to my petting. 
"Would you like some water for the boy?" I look up from where I'm sitting to see a tall sturdy boy who looks to be about my age, holding out a cold bottle of water. His hair is shaved so close to his head that I can't tell what color it is. Tiny droplets of water cover his hair making his head look shiny. His skin shows a sun-kissed tan that tells me his parents didn't lather him in the same sunscreen I had to endure. I look down at my white legs and grimace before looking back up at him. He has unusually dark eyes that appear to be black and long thick lashes. I didn't know people could have black eyes, but I guess this boy does. His bushy eyebrows rise in question and I realize that I'm staring. I blush at my apparent lack of social skills. 
"Oh, sorry. Yes, thank you." I reach up to grab the bottle. "Hey Sabby," I cringe a bit realizing that my baby name for my little brother probably sounds childish. The boy standing in front of me didn't seem to notice so I continue. "Why don't you drink some water Sebastian?"
I put the bottle to his lips and Sebastian opens his eyes only long enough to take a few small sips then he closes them again. 
"Is he okay?" The boy asks me.
I look from Sebastian to the boy. "Yeah, he's just over heated. He should be fine. He's not used to this heat, but we should be allowed to go inside soon."
"Yeah, my little sister Lillie has a hard time with this heat too." He gestures with his head over to a small girl sitting in the corner of the misting area. Her long orangey-red hair is pulled back in a ponytail. She's working on her dolls hair, trying to put it into a similar style. She appears to be around seven or eight years old. 
"My name's Connor." He looks at me expectantly. 
I just stare at him again. I don't know where my tongue went but I haven't really had a conversation with anyone my age in a long while. I'm a little out of practice. When I finally catch my tongue I say awkwardly, "Oh, sorry, I'm Willow and this is my brother Sebastian." 
He stands there above me for a few seconds in silence. I guess he might be out of practice too when it comes to holding a conversation. That or we are both just as lethargic from the heat as our siblings are. 
I clear my throat, "So, um, what number are you?" 
"One hundred forty-three thousand and sixteen." He says. 
"Oh, you are before us then." I reply noting the even number he lucked out with. He nods his head. Still not feeling much in the way of conversation I say, "Thanks for the water."
"Sure, no problem." He smiles a big goofy smile. 
"Connor! Lillie!" A robust woman with curly red hair calls from outside the misting area. "It's time to go." 
"Okay mom." Connor calls back to her. He turns back to look down at me. "Nice to meet you Willow. Good luck with the tests." I smile and wave goodbye to him as he turns on his heel to gather up Lillie. They both run out of the mister station to catch up to their mother hand in hand. 
I look down at Sebastian who is sleeping noiselessly in my lap. Good luck with the tests. I hadn't even thought much about the tests that would be coming up soon. Nor have I thought about the fact that we could be turned away. I guess I just assumed everyone would be granted entrance, but even Mr. Leroy was saying that he's seen people declined. A sick feeling tumbles through my stomach. I take a few sips of water to help squelch the nausea. 
"Hey honey, how's he doing?" My mom asks from outside the station. She walks inside and bends down to feel Sebastian's head and seems satisfied with his temperature. 
I answer anyhow. "He's good, he crashed out almost immediately. Someone gave me some water so I made him drink it before he went to sleep." 
"You are the best big sister ever." She smiles at me. "Hey, have I told you today that you are my favorite daughter?" She leans in to give me a motherly hug.
"Yeah mom; I'm your only daughter." She says the same thing to me nearly every day and I reply in the same way too. I smile up at her and return her hug. "You are my favorite mom." I mean it too. 
"Thanks honey." My mom pushes my wet hair back from my forehead. To pass the time, she pulls my tangled hair out of its ponytail and goes to work combing through it nimbly with her fingers. My eyes nearly roll back in my head at the wonderful feeling of her playing with my hair. It's such a comforting gesture that all of my earlier worries about the tests momentarily slip from my mind. We spend the next hour talking and joking around while my mom works all of the knots out of my tangled mess. She fixes my hair up into a beautifully braided bun. The time sped by so fast that when my dad comes to tell us that our numbers have been called we are pleasantly surprised.
"Time to get up Sabby." I gently shake my little brother, who hasn't budged, from my lap. He stirs slowly. My dad comes over and picks him up giving him a zerbert kiss on his cheek. Sebastian squeals with laughter. 
My mom helps me stand up because my legs have fallen asleep from sitting in the same position so long. I stomp around trying to get the blood flowing. Once all of us are standing my dad calls out, "Ready family?" 
We all say, "yes," simultaneously and head back out into the heat, hand in hand. We walk towards the giant entry gates as a family in silence. The butterflies inside my stomach dance around in summersaults from anxiety and with every step we take I think, ‘This is it.’ I have no idea what our new home for the next three years will look like. I don't know what life will be like inside the shelter, but I do know it will be vastly different than my old life. The closer we get to the testing stations the more of the old me I leave behind. 
The fortified steel gates surround us as we near the entry point. An enormous mountain sits before us. There is a straight line of tents that form a tunnel to the entry point leading us deep into the mountain. 
"Identification please," asks a faceless official in a white biohazard suit with a F.E.M.A. nametag. 
I fumble around my shorts pocket looking for my identification. Thankfully my dad pulls out my passport along with my little brothers and his. He hands them to the official who inspects it carefully. The suction of air that spits from his biohazard suit puts me on edge. 
"Mosby family, report to testing station one." He points a stiff finger in the general direction of the first station. I follow behind my family feeling increasingly nervous with all of the white hazard suited officials walking about. I huddle closer to my dad.
Station one is marked with a giant red label that states, ‘first testing station,’ in bold block letters. Its entryway is covered with a large white curtain blocking the inside of the tent station from our view. 
"Passports," An overweight official who is guarding the entrance requests. We comply by quickly handing him our passports. "The boy first," the man says blandly after skimming over our identification. 
Another F.E.M.A. official, a woman whose name badge identifies her as a nurse, comes out to collect Sebastian. The nurse isn't flaunting the biohazard suit thankfully, which makes her look less intimidating. She does have her entire body protected by long sleeve scrubs, rubber gloves and a disposable surgeons mask over her mouth and nose though. 
"No momma!" Sebastian clings to my mother's leg.
"Can I not go with my son? He’s only four." My mom asks the nurse. 
"No, I'm sorry but each person must go through the tests alone." Her answer sounds so genuine that I believe she may actually feel sorry that she's separating our family. 
I lean down and whisper in my brother’s ear. "Hey Sabby, if you can be a big boy and go with this nice nurse, I'm sure you will get a lollipop or a sticker after you are done." I don't know if it's true or not, but I figure if they don't offer him a treat I will find a way to make it up to him later.
He looks up at me with wide hopeful eyes and releases his grip on my mother's leg. "Okay Wello." 
"I love you Sebastian. We’ll see you in a few minutes." My mom bends down and gives him a big hug. My father and I each take turns giving him reassuring hugs. Then he puts his hand out for the nurse to lead him into the testing station. He looks back and says to us, "I see you in bit." 
I try to convey a reassuring smile. My nerves are running haywire and the anxiety I've been feeling increases ten-fold while I watch my little brother disappear through the curtain.
The nurse comes back a few minutes later and asks for me. I give my mom and dad a hug, say: "I love you," and follow the nurse inside. 
The light inside the testing tent is so artificially bright that I have to keep my head down in response. It takes a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to the brightness but when I do look up, I realize I haven't missed much. The nurse is leading me down a stark corridor made up of white curtains. We walk halfway down the aisle before the nurse stops suddenly and jerks back one of the curtains. Inside the room is a simple exam table and a tray with a few creepy items on it. The nurse hands me a flimsy white hospital gown and tells me to change into it. I expect her to leave the room but instead she merely turns around to give me some semblance of privacy. 
"What are all the needles for?" I ask while changing out of my clothes. The sight of all of the needles, some holding several different colored fluids, makes me queasy. I count twelve needles in all. Ten of them are standing up perfectly straight in a container with the needlepoint sticking up. Two of them are lying side by side next to the container. Those can't all be for me, right? 
"We have to take blood samples as well as give you an immunization before you may enter the facility. Please make sure you remove all your undergarments as well." She adds kindly. Unlike the other officials, the nurse doesn't seem annoyed with my question.
"Um, okay. Uh, do I have to get all of those shots?" I ask feeling rather dreadful at the thought of getting injected with these foreign substances. 
She laughs. "We only give you one depending on your blood test results." Then she adds, "Everyone who wishes to enter must be immunized. We will be in close quarters inside the facility and we need to make sure everyone is healthy." She answers.
Phew! I finish changing in silence and then clear my throat to announce that she may turn around. My legs are feeling so shaky that I decide to take a seat on the exam table. 
The nurse takes out a plastic bag from underneath the table and puts my clothes, my shoes and even my underwear inside it. "Could I please have your hairband too?" She asks. 
I pull the hairband out causing my bun to fall and some of the braid to come undone. "Will I get my stuff back?"
She looks at me apologetically, "Not if you are granted entrance to the facility. You will be provided new clothes inside." She closes the bag with a twist tie and sets it on the floor near the curtain. 
My breath hitches at her mention of if I'm granted entrance. My heart starts pounding at an unsteady rhythm and my head feels all light and dizzy. 
"Hey, it's going to be okay. Here put your head between your legs. You're panicking." She says calmly while guiding my head down. 
My heart feels like it's going so haywire that it may just beat right out of my chest. Maybe I have the virus, I don't know, but right now I feel like I'm dying. 
"Deep breaths honey. Here breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out." She strokes my hair in an oddly maternal gesture. 
My heart becomes increasingly steady and I feel my body starting to relax again. "What was that? Am I sick?" I sit up with frightened eyes.
"No honey, you only had a panic attack. You’ll be just fine. What is your name?" She asks.
"Willow." My voice seems a little unsteady still so I reiterate, "Willow Mosby."
"Nice to meet you Willow. My name is Nurse Laurie. You need to try not to panic like that again okay?" She says looking at me with concerned eyes.
I nod my head in compliance.
"You will be just fine. Don't worry and if you start feeling a panic attack coming on again, just take deep breaths and focus on calming your body." She pats my leg and then says, "They should be in soon. The testing only takes a few minutes." 
"Thank you." I say to her. She smiles and exits the room. 
I lie down on the exam table and stare at the ceiling, while taking deep cleansing breaths. I do my best not to look at the needles and strange contraptions on the table next to me. It's so hard to stay calm when I feel like my very world is catapulting out of control. This tent, the needles, the F.E.M.A. facility, the end of the world, it all scares me to death. Last week I was doing homeschool lessons with my mom and this week I'm facing the end of my life, as I know it. "Once upon a time, there was a girl..." I try to tell myself a story to make me feel less afraid but I'm interrupted when three F.E.M.A. officials enter my room. All of them are wearing identifications on their biohazard suits that mark them as doctors. Two of the doctors are male and one is female. 
"Willow Mosby?" The woman asks. 
I sit up and nod my head.
"We are going to run some tests, is that okay." She asks.
No! No, it's not okay! "Yes." I barely choke out. 
They go about taking my vitals. The male doctor, the chubby one, sticks me with a needle none too gently and takes four vials of my lifeblood from me. I wince as he moves the needle around in my vein trying to get the blood to flow faster.
The other male doctor sticks some circular patches just above my heart and on each side of my forehead. A handheld machine relays whatever data he was searching for. They move so quickly that, just as the nurse declared, they were finished within ten minutes. All three of the doctors leave the room without saying anything.
That was so freaky! I look to the exam table and realize they took the container of immunizations with them. Only the two needles that were lying on the table remain. I wonder what that means. What if I was declined? What other reason would they have to not give me a shot? My heart starts accelerating again and my breath quickens. I throw my head between my legs like Nurse Laurie taught me. Taking long deep breaths I succeed in warding off another panic attack. 
As if sensing that she was needed, Nurse Laurie opens the curtain and comes to my side. She places my passport just beneath my eyes to where I can read the bright red stamp that states ACCEPTED in bold print. 
I look up at her with grateful eyes. 
"See, I told you it would be okay," she smiles. 
I nod my head, too relieved to speak.
"Okay, so I have to give you an immunization. Once I give you this you will be promptly taken to the facility. I have to read you a disclaimer first though, alright?" She looks at me waiting for my answer.
"Okay." I say a little unsure.
"You will receive one immunization that has not been thoroughly tested by the FDA. By accepting the immunization, you are hereby-releasing F.E.M.A. and or the FDA from any and all liability if this immunization results in adverse side effects or death. Willow Mosby, would you like to accept this immunization by your own free will?" Nurse Laurie asks. 
I stare at her rather incredulously. I know that I wanted to be a big girl, being a teen and all, but should I really be left with this decision on my own? "Um, I need to speak to my dad." I say hesitantly. 
"Your father has already signed the approval for you to have the immunization. However, we are giving every person over the age of fourteen the opportunity to decline if they so wish." She looks at me sympathetically. 
I look at the needles holding the bright foreign liquid and then back up at Nurse Laurie. Clearing my throat, I say at barely above a whisper, "Yes, I accept." 
She nods, and lifts up a needle with a dark green fluid that I hadn't realized she was carrying. She gently inserts it into my arm. While the mossy serum is pushed into my blood stream I take a closer look at the vial and notice that it's labeled PROJECT ELE, I shiver when she pulls the needle out. 
"Do I have to have those two?" I ask pointing to the remaining ones that were not a part of the set of ten. 
She looks at them like they are lethal and replies, "No, those are given as a parting gift to someone who is declined."
"A gift?" I ask skeptically. 
"Willow, I don't want to scare you." She answers carefully.
"I was just...curious." I ask hoping that she will shed some light on such a strange 'gift.'
"The yellow one here is supposed to help sustain a life for three years. It doesn't protect against the heat but it could possibly allow someone a fighting chance if they found a way to keep their bodies cool and if they found an untainted food-water source. It's completely untested and it is doubtful that it will work, but we felt compelled to do something. Most countries aren't even providing such an immunization, but we fought for it. The thought of turning away so many is unbearable without the slightest sliver of hope." Nurse Laurie looks at me with sad eyes. I can tell that those eyes have seen a few too many people declined. 
"What about the red one?" I ask.
She stares at me in silence for a few moments, deciding whether she wants to share the answer to that question with me. As if realizing that she's already past the point of no return, she answers: "The red one brings death. A swift and painless death." 
My eyes bug out of my head, her answer startling me, catching me completely off guard. Why would anyone take the red shot? 
"Look Willow, there is only a limited amount of room inside of the shelter and we can't afford to fill those spaces with someone who doesn't have the odds in their favor for survival. Many of the people who are being turned away have some strand, maybe even a latent strand of the virus. Usually those infected go to a hospital where they are pumped with morphine and other pain relieving drugs to help their exit from this life to be as painless as possible. Dying of the virus is excruciating." Her eyes glaze a bit as if remembering something from her past. She shakes it off and continues. "This shot would bring a quick and painless death to the person if they so wish to take it." She studies me waiting to see if I am going to break down any second.
My eyes tear up but I remain stoically straight. How am I supposed to process that kind of information? Either way I decide that I will be strong. I have to be strong. Plus, I'm going inside. I've been accepted. 
She gives me a sad yet proud smile and says, "You are a brave one Willow. I think you will make it through this just fine."
A guttural scream breaks out from somewhere down the hall startling both Nurse Laurie and myself. 
"No!" The person cries. Not just any person, my mom! I jump off the exam table and run out of the room before Nurse Laurie can restrain me. 
"Mom!" I yell. I can hear her cries coming from a few rooms down. I open curtains trying to find her and succeed in startling patient after patient until I find her. My mom is hunched over Sebastian holding him in a death grip. She's crying so hard that her back is shaking up and down. Tears spring to my eyes as the panic and fear runs cold through my blood. 
"Mom, Sabby!" I run and cling to them. "What's wrong?" I look down at my little brother expecting him to be hurt or worse, dead. He's breathing just fine and looking at me with scared, tear filled eyes. He doesn't understand what's going on, how can he?
My mom doesn't answer me so I look around trying to find out what's wrong. My mom's passport is lying open on the ground. I breathe a huge sigh of relief when I see the ACCEPTED stamp that's splayed across it. 
"No, no, no." My mom keeps repeating through her tears while stroking Sebastian's curls. 
My dad throws open the curtain and runs in the room. "Alice, what's wrong, what happened?" His voice cracks ever so slightly. I can see that his eyes mimic the same fear mine do. My dad rushes to her side and falls to his knees. 
"No, no, no." My mom continually whimpers rocking Sebastian back and forth. 
My dad shakes her lightly to get her to answer. "Alice, please tell me what's wrong." 
Her arms are holding Sebastian so tight refusing to let him go. I follow my dad's gaze down to my mom's hand. She's clutching something and as if answering my dad's question she lets the object fall to the bed behind Sebastian. 
We both look down simultaneously to find Sebastian's cute four-year-old face staring back at us from his passport. Across the bottom of the picture there is a big, ugly, red stamp that states: DECLINED. 
"No!" I yell, breaking down in sobs. I clutch Sebastian's back and throw my arms around my mom too. 
"This can't be right!" My dad’s voice cracks. He looks behind us to a doctor who is shaking his head. 
"I'm sorry sir. Your son has been infected." His eyes look sorry, yet his expression remains controlled in a way that only someone who has had to declare families grim fates can do. 
"No, he is coming with us!" My dad demands.
"I'm sorry sir, he cannot be permitted to enter the facility." The man replies. "I will give you a few minutes to say your goodbyes." 
"Nobody is saying goodbye!" My dad grabs the front of the doctor's biohazard suit and pulls him so close to his face that you can see my dad's spit land on the clear face shield.
"Sir, remove your hands immediately." Another official standing in the entryway points a gun at my dad. My dad slowly holds his hands up and steps away from the doctor. 
My eyes widen in pure shock.
"I'm sorry sir, but you need to say your goodbyes." The man who has a badge stating that he is security, states empathetically. He puts the gun away and escorts the doctor out of the room giving our family some privacy.
"They said they could give him a shot that would allow him to go peacefully, the bastards! They want to put my son to sleep like they would an animal!" My mom says pulling away from Sebastian only slightly. Her face is red and puffy and full of pain. Her eyes are filled with indignation.
"No, no, no." This time it's my dad's turn to be weak. His legs give out beneath him and he falls to the floor. He's crying so hard that his painful moans break my heart into tiny little pieces. My mom moves Sebastian into my arms and goes to kneel beside her husband.
I grasp onto Sebastian as if my life depends on it. He cries and holds me tightly. "Wello, Wello, I so scared Wello." He cries into my chest.
I brush his hair back from his forehead and kiss him on the cheek. "Look at me Sebastian." His giant blue eyes look into mine. I stifle the sob that threatens to unleash itself and say, "You are going to be okay Sabby. We will all be okay. Nobody is going to leave you alone. If you can't go inside, none of us are going inside." Tears of helplessness fall freely down my face. 
"No, Willow. You are going inside." My mom looks up at me but keeps her arms around my dad.
"No way!" I yell. "There is no way! I will not leave him!" I yell it so loudly that Sebastian cowers and puts his little hands over his ears. 
My dad sits up and wipes his eyes. He takes a few deep breaths, stands up and helps my mom up as well. "Willow, your mom is right." 
"No dad!" I cry. "We are a family, remember?"
My dad's eyes are filled with sadness, pain and a hint of understanding. In that moment, I can tell he feels the same way I feel. I can see it there on his face. He comes over and puts his arms around the two of us. Placing gentle kisses on the top of Sebastian and my heads. He takes another deep breath and says, "Willow, you and your mother will go inside. Our family will carry on. I will stay with Sebastian." 
"Absolutely not!" My mom declares. "I am staying with Sebastian." 
My dad turns to look at my mom. "Alice, I’ll stay with our son. I can’t just leave him. You go inside with Willow." 
"No! I can't Henry. I can't!" She crumbles to the floor, the unrelenting sobs starting back up. My dad sits down next to her and pulls her into his arms. He strokes her hair and kisses her tenderly on her forehead, her cheek and her lips. My mom wipes her hands across her nose and says, "I can't do it Henry. I can't go inside and pretend that I didn't leave my baby out here." She sniffles and tears stain her cheeks.
"And I can?" My dad asks her incredulously.
My mom looks at him contemplatively and then answers. "No, I know it's just as hard for you as it would be for me. But, my other baby has a chance Henry. Things are only going to get harder and she needs her father. I know that I can't survive this, I couldn't. You are strong. You will survive. You will do it for me. You will do it for Sebastian. You will take care of our girl." My mom looks up at me with nothing but love and hope.
"No, mom, I need you too. I need all of you." I beg. "We will all stay. The nurse, she told me about the shots. That they could possibly help us if we don't make it inside." 
My mom shakes her head and says compassionately. "It's possible Willow. Did she tell you that the other immunizations would negatively react with that shot and could cause death? You can't mix the two." 
No, the nurse didn't tell me that! Granted, she probably didn't think I needed that information since I was accepted, but still!
"I didn't take the immunizations Willow. So you are right, we do have a chance." My mom tries to muster up a smile. She looks to my dad whose eyes confirm that he did in fact take the immunizations. 
"It's settled then. Sebastian and I will take the shot and we will do our best to survive this. You two will go inside and you will move on. If it is meant to be, we will find you." My mom kisses my dad passionately on the lips then stands up and pulls Sebastian and me into her arms. 
"I can't go mom." I cry into her shoulder. My dad comes up behind me and joins in on the family hug. We cling to each other in a mess of limbs and tears. 
"I love you so much." My mom cries. 
"I love you," My dad whispers.
"Wuv you." Sebastian whimpers.
I take a deep breath and say a very shaky, "I love you." 
This is it, the end of the world for me. I had known the second I entered this tent that my life would never be the same. I wish I had known that my heart would be ripped from my chest and trampled on. I wish I could cease to exist at this very moment, but I know I can't. I have to cling to the hope that my mom and my brother will make it. I have no choice but to keep moving on. I'm broken beyond repair but when the officials come to take my father and me into the facility I force my feet to move. I take one step and then another. My heart feels as if gravity is pulling it down so hard that eventually it may fall right out of my chest and become one with the earth. I look back down the long white hallway to see my mom and my little brother walking in the opposite direction. That's when I feel it fall, my heart, it's gone. My chest is only a hollow shell and it will never be filled again. 
My dad puts his arm around my shoulders and together we walk through the heavily leaded doors into our new home. 
CHAPTER 3 (The first day inside.)

The musty smell within the mountain shelter permeates my nose. Small strands of single bulb lights line the main hallway illuminating the six-foot high tunnel. My dad keeps his head ducked down partially because of his height but my guess is that it's more due to his family having just been ripped apart. 
There isn’t much room to either side of us but we can still walk comfortably. I'm grateful in this moment that I'm not claustrophobic. We follow the string of bulbs slowly and cautiously taking turns, feeling the rock on either side of us. A damp artificially cool draft begins hitting our faces the further we get into the tunnel. A few feet later I begin hearing noises: people talking, water dripping, paper crumbling. Up ahead the lights get brighter and we are able to make out a few figures.
As we near closer to the figures their faces become more visible. Everyone looks rather emotionless and they are all dressed identically in pale green scrubs. While the scrubs look horrendous, it is a huge step up from those creepy biohazard suits. I guess since we have all passed the test, they no longer need to worry about contagions. 
A plump woman with unusually frizzy brown hair greets us with an arm full of pamphlets. She is smiling broadly and has an uncalled for cheeriness to her demeanor. “Well, on behalf of F.E.M.A. we want to welcome you to your new home.” She hands us each a pamphlet and continues, “Inside you will find instructions and information about life in the shelter. On page two there is a map. Please note which direction you are facing now: it's East. Room assignments are given on a first come first serve basis. May I please see your passports?" 
My dad hands her our stamped passports. 
"Okay, lets see here," she says while scanning the documents with her eyes. "Looks like you will be in the Blue wing; that's numbers 400 through 499." She continues by giving my dad directions to where the Blue wing is. "We ask that once you find your living quarters you write your name on the nameplate outside of the door and report to headquarters to log it into the system. Once you log in at headquarters you will be given your clothing allotment for your stay here. Any questions so far?” 
My dad and I look at each other and shake our heads. 
“Good,” she continues. “Well, if you need anything, and I mean anything at all, just look for the hospitality officials dressed in green. Feel free to ask for me personally. My name is Mary and I’m always here to help.” She gives us a huge smile as my dad and I struggle to return it. 
It's strange how the world keeps going even when your life is crumbling down around you. Mary's smile seems so out of place in my world. Doesn't she realize that we are still mourning what just happened moments before? Lord only knows how long it will take us to come to terms with everything, if we even can. 
My dad puts his hand lightly on my back and ushers me away from Mary-smiles-a-lot. The tunnel we were in opens up into a large cavernous room. I look back at the tunnel exit and see two large steel enforced doors standing open. I wonder if they plan on locking us in here once the final entrants are accepted. The room looks to be the eating quarters due to the small salt and pepper shakers scattered about. My dad and I sit at one of the tables to examine the pamphlet. I quickly scan through mine but find the boring legalities of what is written far too complicated for me. I’ll ask dad for the cliff notes version later. Instead I find the map and begin scanning all of the different amenities. I have a photographic memory, which allows me to memorize the layout quickly. It looks like they threw together a library, a cinema room, a cafeteria, a pool and a bowling alley. I find where they placed the rooms and it seems they are relatively scattered amongst the entire mountain. I scan down to find that there is an entire level, almost as big on the map as the level we are on and the level above us combined, that is under where we are sitting. The map points out locations like a garden, livestock, a chemistry laboratory, and nurse/doctor stations. The garden and livestock areas take up an entire floor. I guess that answers where our food will be coming from. Below this section is another level that is marked: Storage. 
“So dad, where do you think we should find a room?” I watch him scan his portion of the map. 
“Well,” he says pointing to the map. “The lady said we were in the Blue wing which is located here." He points to a spot on the map that is thankfully color coded. "I believe if we follow this hallway we should run right into it." He attempts to give me a small smile but it falls just as quickly as it started. We get up from the tables with maps in hand and head off to explore. 
As we browse through the rooms in the Blue wing we find that they seem to be identical. There are two bunks, a dresser, a tiny couch, an end table and a small bathroom. There couldn’t be more than three hundred square feet of space total. 
We end up choosing a room near the elevators and my dad writes our names on the small board on the door. 
“Can I have top bunk?” I ask my dad. 
“Well, of course. I would rather have the bottom any day. These old legs aren’t what they used to be.” 
"Then I guess I better take the bottom two dresser drawers since we don't want to risk those knees giving out when you bend to get your undies." I don't know where the joke comes from but it does lighten the air just a bit. 
"Deal." My dad says.
I climb onto the bed and test the mattress. Not a Tempurpedic, but not bad either. I lay down staring at the ceiling. Oh how I wish I had some glow in the dark star stickers to affix to it like I used to have in my room. I close my eyes and pretend that I am lying in my bed back at home. If I try hard enough I can even hear my mom playing the piano softly in the study. The imaginary sound fades away and I open my eyes a few moments later to find the stark white ceiling staring back at me. I take a deep breath and my chest hurts. ‘But this is my home now, remember?’ I say to myself. 
“Well,” my dad begins rubbing his hands together. “My watch says it’s fifteen till six and dinner is at seven, so we should head over to register our room and get our clothes before dinner." 
I look down at my hideous hospital gown. Ever since leaving my mom and Sebastian back at the testing station, I've felt dazed, like this whole thing isn't reality. Everything feels so ethereal and perhaps at some moment I will just float up out of my body and realize that this has all been one horrific nightmare. My dad looks at me with concerned eyes and when I study how ridiculous he looks in his hospital gown, I understand that there is no way this could be a dream. No pinch will pull me out of this reality. "Yeah, well lets just hope that we don't have to wear puke green." I say to my dad. I see just the slightest twitch in his expression that on another day, with different circumstances would have turned into a smile. 
He pulls out his gown and does a slightly lethargic curtsy then says, "After you my dear." 
My dad is such an amazing father. I can see that whatever it might take from him, even if it's lying boldly to my face, he's going to be my rock in this situation. I can only imagine how crushed he is feeling right now. We take the elevator to the first floor. I grab my father's hand as we step out and walk down the long corridor towards the headquarters. He holds it so tight that I imagine nothing could separate us, ever. We are all we've got for now. If my dad is going to be a rock for me, then I sure as heck will be one for him.
The Headquarters looks oddly like a mall. Several different shops, or stations are set up in a square that raises two stories high. At least ten shops advertising different types of services are located on each level. From my viewpoint I can see an administrative office that takes up three shop spaces, a pharmacy, a counselor office, a physical therapist office, a small convenience store and three different clothing stores. What I can see from the storefront windows is that the clothing stores all carry scrubs like the pale green ones, but in several different sizes and colors. I don't spot a single pair of jeans in there.
I sigh and my dad squeezes my hand teasingly. We walk to the administrative offices and get in line behind the counter, which holds a large sign stating: Last Names M-O. In front of us in line there are three other families dressed in similar hospital gowns. I can't help but notice that the family directly in front of us seems happy and complete. And when I say complete, I mean there are four of them...in the same family. A small spark of jealousy mixed with a large spark of envy fills my heart. I watch as a small toddler hugs tightly to her mom's leg. A tear escapes my eye and my dad lets go of my hand for a second to wipe it away and then silently takes my hand and squeezes it even tighter than before. He feels it too. 
The line passes quickly and when it's our turn a short red haired man waves us to the counter. "Last name?" he asks.
"Mosby," my dad answers then hands him both of our passports.
"Have you picked a room?" 
"Yes, room 442." Says my dad. He knew my affinity to even numbers so he made sure to pick a room accordingly. 
The man goes about typing at the speed of light onto his computer. A short minute passes then he says. "You will receive your schedules and work assignments tomorrow." He bends down and grabs something from beneath the counter. He pulls out two tablets and places them in front of us. "Please keep these tablets with you at all times. There is an orientation app on the front screen that will give you all of the information you need to know about your new life here." He presses the app on the screen of my tablet demonstrating how the touch screen works and then closes the app before the video loads. "If for any reason your tablet malfunctions, please bring it back here and we will get you a new one. Do you have any questions?"
Both my father and I shake our heads. 
The man seems satisfied with our answer and hands the tablets to us. "You may now proceed to Clothing Room A to collect your new wardrobe."
"Thank you." My dad says and then together, with our tablets in hand, we head towards the row of clothing stores. 
The temperature in the common area is a little too cold for my flimsy hospital gown so I am anxious to get something on with a little more coverage. I will say one thing. I am thankful that they aren’t the gowns with the opening in the back!
We come upon the nearest shop and enter in the front door, which has been propped up with a shoe for a doorstop. I immediately notice the lack in variation from one outfit to the next. It is as I feared. The only thing available is scrubs, they simply vary in color. A small beep sounds when we enter, triggering a chain reaction. Walking towards us, in the lead, is a tall, lanky, flamboyant man followed by two women succeeding closely on his heels. 
He stops a few feet from us and begins to take us in. He looks us over like he would when making a selection for prime meat. He circles us muttering “mmmhmm,” as he goes. He returns to his original position and snaps both his fingers twice. The women must understand what this means because the one on the left immediately hands him a tape measure while the one on the right wipes his brow. Oh brother, I think to myself. You’ve GOT to be kidding me. 
“You,” he points at me. “Come with me.” Snapping his finger, he turns on his heel and walks off with a purpose. I sneak a glance in the direction of my father but he just shakes his head, mouth still propped open in a shocked expression. I turn my attention back to the disaster at hand and follow quickly behind the man that’s about to disappear around a corner. 
He stands me on a small stool and has me hold out my arms. The woman, whom I’m guessing is his assistant, comes in the room with a clipboard and pen. She nods her head and he begins taking measurements. He barks out the measurements as she writes them down. They go on like that for ten minutes or so. My arms are on fire by the time he tells me he’s finished. I rub them trying to get the blood circulating again. The woman leaves the room for a moment and comes back with an armful of scrubs in her hands. She leaves them on a chair for me; then retreats. 
“Which color you want?” She asks me. I’m taken aback by her accent, which is obviously foreign. Our borders have been closed for years, well, as long as I can remember at least. Since our government passed the 28th amendment all export and import shipping stopped as well as flights overseas. They felt foreigners held too much threat to our society after numerous illnesses wreaked havoc through our nation. Since then we've had a policy where no one goes in and no one goes out. It really sparks my curiosity knowing this woman could be from The Outside as we call it.
“Hmmm,” I respond. “I think I’ll take the periwinkle, the chartreuse and the indigo.” Yes, there’s a reason why I said that. I wanted to gauge if she was a recent immigrant or if she has been here a while. Chances are, if she’s been here a while, she’d have to know at least one, maybe two of these colors. 
She gives me a blank stare and then sets the clothes in the chair. “You pick three and take to front.” She turns on her heel and leaves the room. 
Darn, thought I had her.
 I change into the pink scrubs and when I throw my hospital gown into the metal disposal bin I hear a clinking sound. I nearly forgot! I hastily grab the gown and with a shaking hand I work on retrieving the item that I stowed away in its hem. I don't know how I worked it in there so well because it doesn't come out as easily as it went in. I work the fabric on the hem back and forth exposing it a little more each time. 
A knock on the door startles me. The lady who gave me the scrubs comes in without waiting for me to answer. I have to shove the gown behind my back. "Ouch." I cry out as something pricks my hand. 
"You okay?" She asks.
I nod quickly and with wide frightened eyes I say, "Can I help you?" My heart is accelerating and I feel nauseous.
"I was just checking on you since it was taking you a while to change." She studies me like I'm crazy.
"I'm fine, I need another minute." I say and tears start springing to my eyes as a dizzy sensation washes over me.
She hesitates and I can tell she is contemplating asking me more questions. Thankfully she doesn't. She just says, "Please try to hurry. There are more people waiting on the dressing rooms." Then she leaves shutting the door behind her.
"Crap, no, no, no!" I cry to myself as soon as she's gone. Tears are flowing out of my eyes as I pull my hands and the gown back in front of me. I look down at my left wrist and see the faintest sign of a puncture mark. "No." I whisper as my heart pounds like drums in my chest. I'm not ready to die! I pull the gown back up in front of me and work the item out of the hem quickly now. The needle had poked through and as I work it the rest of the way out I notice that most of the red serum is still inside it. Maybe none of it went into me. I tell myself trying to calm my thoughts down. I don't know why I took it from Sebastian's room but I did. I guess I did it because I didn't want him to have it. I recall the explanation from the nurse. It might seem selfish that I took it but I felt like I had to protect him. I know the nurse said how painful the virus could be but I can't imagine Sebastian's life being sucked out of him by a single shot.
I sit down and put my head between my knees while taking deep breaths. I tell myself over and over again that none of it was injected in me. 
"Please hurry." The lady calls from outside the door.
"Just one more minute." I say out of breath as I sit back up. Standing I have to steady myself against the wall for a moment to allow the dizzy spell to settle. When the world stops swaying, I move into action. I take the needle to the metal disposal bin and empty the remaining serum into it. Red liquid stains the trashed hospital gowns in the bin making it look like they were used to clean up crime scene. Then I carefully wrap the empty needle up with my old gown and shove it down above the red stained ones. 
 I throw on my new pair of bright white tennis shoes and look at myself in the floor length mirror. My hair looks wild and crazy and my eyes are filled with worry. I keep telling myself that I will be fine. I grimace and then leave the dressing area. 
I meet my dad at the counter and see him clutching his clothes for dear life. His face is crimson red, which just happens to match his new set of scrubs. He mutters something under his breath about being violated. A small smile forces its way onto my face. 
“Tablets please,” the man asks while ripping them from our hands. Why he even bothers to ask in the first place is beyond me. He plugs each tablet into a USB port that's connected to a laptop and begins punching away at something. Within a few minutes he disconnects them. “You will each get five pairs of scrubs per season, two sets of pajamas and five sets of undergarments. Obviously there are four seasons per year. We advise you to take care of your clothing; wash on a delicate cycle in cold water, dry on low. If for any reason you are unable to care for them properly and they are damaged, there are sewing kits available for purchase here and in the general store. But I advise you, they are very pricey. In addition to your regular clothing, you will receive one bathing suit per year and one pair of shoes per year. Additional footwear will be allotted for growing children if their sizes should change.” He hands us back our tablets. We grab our new clothes and make our way back into the commons area. 
My dad picks a table near the outside and we place our things in the empty chairs. My dad's eyes roam over to a line near the entrance of the meal serving area that currently looks to be closed. "Well, Willow, looks like we should probably get in line. They must be opening for dinner soon." 
I give him a half smile and grab my tablet. I'm not sure if we'll need it, but if they said to bring it everywhere, then by golly, I'm going to bring it everywhere. 
We wind up in line behind a lady who looks to be by herself. She picks at her nails and shifts her weight back and forth from the balls of her feet. She looks exceedingly nervous and her actions are causing my unease. Suddenly she turns and stares at me. I'm a bit too shocked to turn away. 
"We should go. We really should go." She says in a hoarse whisper. My eyes widen a bit in surprise because in all actuality, there is nowhere to go. "Bad things are going to happen--really bad things. We should get out while we still can!" Her breathing becomes more labored as her eyes dart about looking for God only knows what. 
I feel my dad's arm wrap around me and give me a slight squeeze. The woman turns back around and begins talking with intensity to a woman in front of her. 
That was just bizarre, I think to myself. Her warning did conjure up the accident I just had with the needle. I breathe a sigh of relief knowing that most likely nothing entered my system. The nurse had said the serum would bring immediate death. I think I'm in the clear now that we've past the immediate time frame. I hope that no other 'bad things' will happen though. 
A grinding sound has us all turning to stare at the closed, meal serving area. A large metal gate begins to wind itself up revealing a cafeteria like setup. There are serving people behind the counter in hairnets holding giant ladles. Trays are stacked to the right of them along with multi-portion style plates. The line begins to move as we all inch forward. I'm not too hungry myself, but I vow to at least attempt to eat what they serve. 
Within a few minutes we finally make it to the front of the line. My dad and I each grab a tray and a plate and set them on the three metal bars. As we move down the line we are served a variety of different scoops of varying colors. I don't pay too much attention until we are at the end of the line. "Tablets," a woman says in a raspy voice. I hand her my tablet and she scans a barcode I hadn't noticed on the back. "Next." She hands me back my tablet and I struggle to carry it with one hand and my tray in the other. Surprisingly, I make it back to our table without breaking or dumping anything. My dad joins me a moment later. 
We eat in silence--well, my dad eats and I move things around on my plate, hoping maybe he won’t notice. The colorful mush looks worse than the food they served outside of the shelter. My stomach rolls with nausea and any thoughts of eating quickly fly out of the window. 
To pass the time, I take out my tablet and find the calendar on the home-screen. I tap it once and scan down to our current time. It's only seven in the evening although it feels much later. The lack of sun in here makes it impossible to tell time without consulting a clock.
My dad finishes his meal, and then we both carry our trays to the dish wash station to place them in the bins. "Why don't we go back to the room?" My dad suggests. "Unless you want to check out the amenities?" 
I look at his tired eyes and say, "Nah, we can check them out tomorrow." I feel relieved that the accident earlier today didn't have any effect on me and that there will be a tomorrow. All of the worrying made me exhausted though. It's taking everything I have not to just curl up in a ball and fade away. Sleep will do me good. 
*****
"NO!" I try to grab for my little brother's hand and it slips through my fingers. "Sabby!" I cry out to him as he starts sliding across the floor further and further away from me. Or is he being dragged? 
"Wello!" He cries while reaching his little hands towards me, begging me to help him. His blue eyes are wild and filled with tears. 
I try to stand up and run to him but a man in a biohazard suit is holding me down. I struggle with all my might to free myself but it's useless. My limbs feel weighed down and when I try to stand it feels like I'm fighting against gravity itself.
"Willow, it's okay." I turn to look at the man in the biohazard suit but he's gone, my dad is standing there reaching out to me. I try to reach out to him but the edges of my vision become blurred and I feel as though I'm on the verge of blacking out. 
"Willow, wake up honey." 
I hear my dad calling to me but I can't see him anymore, everything went black. An earthquake erupts and the world starts shaking. I'm too tired to open my eyes and take cover under my bed.
"Willow!" My dad calls again, his voice rises with concern.
I finally come to and pry my eyes open to find my dad shaking me. I look around dazed trying to decipher reality from dream. 
"It's okay honey, it was just a dream." My dad says soothingly, pulling me into his arms. He's sitting on the edge of the top bunk with me. I take a few deep breaths and when the reminder of Sebastian being torn from my hands floods back into my brain, I break down. I sob into my dad's chest and cling to him as if he is my life force, the only thing keeping me attached to this world. 
"Why dad?" I cry and bang my fist against his chest. "Why are we here?" I pull away from him and curl into a ball on my bed crying with all my might. 
My dad doesn't answer me right away. He picks me up and cradles me in his arms like he used to do when I was a small child. I feel teardrops fall on my arms and when I look up at my dad I see that they are from him. 
He wipes them away and looks at me with all of the love in the world. "Because we are meant to be here honey. That's why we are here."
"But we left them dad." I say barely above a whisper. The guilt of the situation is weighing heavily on my shoulders.
I feel my dad's body shake ever so slightly and he does everything he can to not break down in this second. "I know." He whispers and looks away. He takes several deep, shaky breaths. "We will pray that they make it. That's all that we can do now is hope and hold onto faith."
"If they don't...make it?" I find myself choking on my last two words.
"If they don't then maybe they are being spared from a worse fate. We don't know why things happen in this life but everything is for a purpose. If they...don't make it." My dad chokes on his words too. "Then they will be in a much better place than here." 
I stare into my dad's eyes. "Do you really believe that?" I ask.
He nods his head and says, "With all my heart." 
With that I wipe away my tears and move back into a sitting position next to my dad on the bed. Hope, I repeat over and over again in my head. 
"Willow, I am here for you. I will not leave you. I promise." My dad hugs me and I hug him back as hard as I can.
"I am here for you too dad." 
"I know." He pats me on the back and then hops down off the top bunk.
"You need to try and get some sleep now. I love you."
"Love you too." I lie back down and fall into a dreamless sleep.
CHAPTER 4 (Two days inside.)

I wake up to alarms going off in the hallway. I open my eyes and see a sensor of some sort on the ceiling flashing a bright white light over and over again. 
"We need to go Willow. Get up and change quickly please." My dad says calmly.
"All persons report to headquarters." A woman's voice calls out calmly. 
I look up at the speaker system in the corner of our room. I look back at my dad confused. "What time is it dad?"
"It's around 5:00 am. It's okay Willow, you need to get dressed though. They said in the orientation video that we would have routine drills and assemblies. That's probably what this is." 
I nod my head and quickly hop down from my bed. I grab an ugly pair of blue scrubs from my drawer and head into the bathroom to change. I cringe at the sight of my unruly curls and decide to throw them into a quick ponytail. Even when it’s wrapped in a band, curls still manage to pop out on their own as if they can metaphorically do so.
A few minutes later we both leave our room, tablets in hand and join the masses of people flooding in the same direction down the stairwells and into the hallways. I look around and everyone looks just as dazed and confused as I do. This must be the first drill or assembly they've done here. I hold onto my dad's hand as we are herded into the headquarters. We pass by the administration offices and clothing stores until we reach an area that I could of sworn used to be just a wall. Now it's completely open and beyond it is a gigantic assembly hall that has thousands of stadium style seats surrounding an elevated stage. It reminds me of a football stadium and it even comes equipped with a jumbo-tron above the stage so people can still see all the way up in the nosebleed seats. F.E.M.A security guards in blue uniforms direct us towards seats, which are at a first come first serve basis. We follow the crowd up several flights of stairs until my dad finds us two aisle seats near the middle of the stadium. 
It feels like hours pass before the entire stadium is fully seated. I fill the time messing with my tablet. I watch several short tour videos that familiarize us with the amenities and different aspects of shelter life. When the lights start to dim, I look up and find myself amazed by the shear magnitude of people that are being housed in this shelter. All of the screens of each person's tablets glow like large blue fireflies in this gigantic cavern. A hushed silence overcomes the crowd when the jumbo-tron flickers on and a man's face appears on the screen. Not just any man though, the President of the United States. 
"My fellow Americans, by now you may know that we are facing a global shift in our way of life. We must consider that we are a country who has sacrificed in the past, not only for our way of life but to help those around the world who in dire circumstances needed us by their side. Today I am asking you to find your greatest resolve and sacrifice once more for the greater good of all. As a country, as a planet we must do what is required of us to support the preservation of our species: the human race. Those of you currently isolated in shelters: know that you are not alone. In these uncertain times the greatest comfort we can have is hope, hope in the future we are all helping to save: generations, for our children and our children's children. Thank you for your dedication to our cause as a nation, a world and may God help us all." 
The speech ends and the screen turns blue. We all patiently wait in silence. A few seconds pass and a new face appears on the screen. This one I don't recognize. 
A middle-aged man wearing a white lab coat and sporting a greying goatee speaks up. "Good morning citizens of F.E.M.A. shelter three. My name is Dr. Jim Hastings. I am in charge of this facility and I'm on the board for Project ELE. By now you all should have received your tablets, rooms and clothing allotment. As we all get situated and schedules get made please remain patient, as wait times will be longer than usual. As you have probably noticed already, we are a city encased within a mountain. As with any city there are rules that govern and keep us safe. If you would all flip your tablet to the blinking icon on the bottom of your screen and follow along. We are going to be going over some different rules and expectations for the next hour or so. If you have any questions please type it in the space below and one of our government officials will respond as quickly as possible."
I watch as a blinking icon appears in the corner of my tablet. I press it and a slide show presentation appears with highlighted bullet points. I try and not nod off during the remainder of the session but figure my dad will fill me in on any necessary details when we're finished. Then, a topic appears on my screen titled, "Work Assignments." This sparks my attention. 
"As with any city," Dr. Hastings drones on, "each of us needs to pitch in for the city to properly function. Upon entry we took your measurements and weight to be able to assign a proper job to each of you. Age and ability have also been taken into consideration." A new icon pops up onto my screen. "In a few moments a new icon will become available on each of your screens. These are your temporary job placements. I say temporary because some may need adjusting as time may dictate. In addition, your tablets will hold your daily schedule. Please make sure you are timely to all appointments. With that said, you are all dismissed." 
In anxiousness, I press the small blinking icon and am taken to a new screen. In large block letters at the top it reads, RUNNER. Runner? I look over at my dad's screen and his says SANITATION DEPARTMENT. Ewwww, I think to myself. 
My dad must agree because he groans. He looks over onto my screen. "Runner? They're making children work? What is a Runner anyway?" He looks up at me confused. I just shrug my shoulders.
"It's okay dad, I don't mind." I really don't. I've never worked before, this may be cool, especially if there's money involved. 
"You should be in school." He starts ferociously typing into the question box on the tablet. He hits send and we both sit there waiting for a response. People slowly file by us to exit the auditorium, but we remain seated. There's really no use in joining the masses to wait in yet another line to exit the place. 
An answer pops up on the screen. "You will find an app labeled EDUCATION on your tablet screen. This will go over our shelter educational programs. Do you require any additional service?" 
My dad types in "no." He looks at his tablet and doesn't see an education app on it. We look at mine and find the app in the lower left hand corner. I press on the icon that looks like an apple. We watch the presentation on F.E.M.A. education opportunities. They call the program, "Learning For A Brighter Future." I'm not sure how bright it will be with only four hours of class per day. Only children under the age of fifteen are eligible for full day classes. At the end of the presentation an online application pulls up. It is there for me to apply for Select classes. This would grant me a full eight hours of classes in substitute of working. 
I look to my dad hoping that he will allow me to just close the box. "No honey, you are applying." My dad says. 
I let out an exaggerated breath. I don't mind working. Of course I've never had to work before so I don't know what to expect but I do know that I wouldn't mind not having to go to school for eight hours a day. It's not that I don't like school or anything, I just often find myself bored. With a photographic memory, I learn quickly and find the repetitive assignments and lectures annoying. Going to work would be a new adventure. Plus, it would keep me busy. If I'm busy then I won’t have time to think of my mom or my brother. I push back the tears and begin filling in the applicable fields. After I press send we both stand up and head out of the auditorium. 
The line to exit is much shorter now and we find ourselves in the hallway a few minutes later. Outside we locate several tables set up with cereal bars and cups of water. We each grab a cereal bar and a cup of water then head back in the direction of our room.
I nearly drop my cup when my tablet vibrates in my hand startling me. I look at it and see a schedule reminder flash across the screen. Report to room 231 for class. Great, another odd number. The time on my tablet says 9:00 am. I look over at my dad who is looking at his tablet as well. 
He looks over at mine. "Okay honey, I guess this is where we part ways. Will you be okay finding your room without me?" We both learned during the orientation that we are only allowed three tardies per month. He shakes his head and says, "Never mind, I'm walking you there." 
"No dad. I can find it, don't worry. See, this GPS map will lead me there no problem." I show him the flashing map on my screen. The green dot shows us where we are and the red dot shows the room that I'm supposed to report to. It's on a level above us. I don't really need the map since I've already memorized most of the layout, but it's nice to have.
"I don't like this at all. I shouldn't be leaving you alone. Are you going to be okay?" His eyebrows furrow in worry.
"I'll be fine dad. I've got this. I'm fifteen, nearly sixteen, remember? I can certainly find a room on my own." I smile even though I do feel the building anxiety at being separated from my dad so soon. 
He looks at me and smiles. "Yeah, fifteen going on thirty! I have to remember how mature and smart you are honey. I know you can get there. Just stay safe. Find a friend in your class and try to stick together. I'd say don't talk to strangers but most everyone here is a stranger. So I'm going to say to go with your gut. You'll know who you can trust and who you can't. If you get any type of uncomfortable vibe from anyone just get as far away from them as you can. Okay?" 
"Okay dad. I love you but we both have to go." I give him a hug and then we both take off in opposite directions. I look around and see other kids my age walking alone but the smaller ones are escorted by their guardians. 
My stomach twists in knots as I walk along. I feel engulfed by the crowd and I have to work to control my breathing in order to avoid another panic attack. I take the stairs to my right and at the top I'm herded into a hallway filled with mostly children and teens. I look down at the timer on my tablet that says I have only a minute left to get to the room, so I pick up my pace. I reach room 231 with only seconds to spare and find that it looks like any typical school classroom except it's about three times as big. I slide into a seat in the back next to a girl with hair so blonde that it looks white. She looks really uncomfortable and avoids eye contact by pretending to be absorbed in whatever is playing on the screen of her tablet. 
The bell rings and I gaze around the room to see that there are more than a hundred students. Even still, the desks are crammed so tightly together that we have very little personal space. 
I set my tablet and my cup of water on the desk then open up my cereal bar. I stuff it down as quickly as possible not knowing the rules for eating in the classroom. I have to follow it up with water since the cereal bar was dry like cardboard. Yuck. On the flip side, at least my stomach won't be growling in the middle of class. 
"Good morning class." A woman calls out from the front of the room. "My name is Ms. Thomas and I will be your teacher for the semester. We have only a short period of time together, so we will be working hard and fast during our allotted time. This class seems packed to the rim but many of you will be transferred out tomorrow when the Select class assignments are handed out." 
A boy runs into the room out of breath, his back is facing us. 
"Tablet please." Ms. Thomas holds her hand out stiffly. He hands it to her. "Reason for tardy?" 
"I'm sorry ma'am. I had to take my sister to class and it was on the other end of the hall." He says apologetically but his posture remains stiff and straight. 
"Your guardian should take her next time." The teacher says sternly to him. 
"Yes, ma'am. She only met her guardian yesterday. Our parents are not with us. I promised her that I would take her to her first class. I won't be late again." He answers.
Ms. Thomas's facial expression softens. She presses a few things on the screen then hands his tablet back to him. "I understand. Today's tardy will be excused. Please be timely going forward. You may take a seat now." 
The boy turns around and starts heading towards the back of the room. I suddenly realize that it's Connor; the boy I met in the cooling tent outside. My heart hurts for his loss. Both of his parents are gone. I think about his little sister with the orangey red hair. That makes me think of Sebastian and I am barely able to contain the tears that threaten to flood my eyes. I can't imagine what Connor must be going through. He doesn't have his mom or dad anymore. And now he carries the responsibility of his little sister with him as well. The thought pains me.
Connor takes the desk next to mine. He seems surprised at first to see me, then his face softens and he gives me a half smile. I return it then we both turn to listen to Ms. Thomas's lecture. 
The lecture drones on for an hour and a half. Most of the kids around me begin to get fidgety after thirty minutes or so. I watch as Connor draws furiously in a notebook completely ignoring Ms. Thomas. His legs shake violently up and down; you can tell he's trying to fight the urge to get out of his chair and run. I simply take my time observing others. The girl with the 'almost white hair' seems lost. Her hair covers her face and whatever it is she is doing with her tablet. 
I pick up my tablet, which we are supposed to be taking notes on and turn it up so Ms. Thomas can't see. Let's see if this sucker has any games, I think to myself. But, alas, the screen is completely locked so I am forced to stare at the boring slide show flashing by at a snails pace. Note to self...bring an alternate activity next time. 
"So as you can see class, some of these problems are national and some global. However they can all be tied together through arithmetic and simple science." My eyes fight to stay open while Ms. Thomas drones on. She is starting to sound like the teacher in those ancient Charlie Brown cartoons at this point.
Suddenly my tablet goes blank and so does everyone else’s. "So for tomorrows class, you will meet here first thing and I will be sending you our syllabus." 
A small bell rings in the classroom signaling our release. Everyone pops out of their seat and begins stretching their arms and legs. I look at a clock on the wall and note that it's lunchtime. Although I really don’t need a clock to tell me this…my stomach is protesting already.
My tablet vibrates and a new schedule reminder pops up on the screen. REPORT FOR WORK ASSIGNMENT: HEADQUARTERS ADMIN OFFICE 213. I groan inwardly, what's with all of the odd numbers? Also, where's lunch? 
I remember my dad's advice about making a friend and sticking together. I catch Connor staring down at the map on his tablet. "So where are you headed?" I ask.
He looks up and his dark eyes lock onto me. I catch myself staring at them like I did the first time we met. I really haven't seen eyes that dark before. They're interesting and a little bit eerie. 
"Um, I guess Headquarters." He looks back at his tablet to study the map. His finger taps the side of the tablet over again. Man, this guy's quite fidgety. 
"Oh. I'm headed there too. I can show you where to go." I say.
He looks back at me and tries to offer up a smile but it falls short. "Thanks. I'm a bit directionally challenged." 
"No problem, I am a human compass. Let's go." I say gesturing for him to follow me. Connor stops cold when we step out of class. He stares down the hall in the opposite direction and shuffles from foot to foot. He looks like he wants to bolt. It takes me a minute to realize what's going on and when I do, I place my hand supportively on his shoulder. "Hey, she's going to be okay Connor. Is that where Lillie's class is?" I nod my head in the direction of his stare.
He looks back at me surprised that I knew his sisters name. It takes a second for him to register that he introduced her to me once before. He clears his throat. "Yeah. I just...I don't know. I don't like leaving her there. She's scared." His eyebrows furrow together like he's contemplating what to do. 
Aren't we all? I think to myself. "I'm sure she will be fine.” I say trying to reassure him. “She's young and has probably made several friends already. You know how easy it is to make friends when you're little. She's safe in there." All kids deserve to feel safe. I push down the pain that strikes my chest at the thought of Sebastian out there somewhere. 
Connor nods his head and then suddenly he notices my hand on his shoulder. 
I feel the heat flood into my cheeks and I awkwardly remove my hand. "Well, we should get going." I start walking towards Headquarters. Without looking at my tablet he follows me as we twist and turn down some hallways, a flight of stairs and finally end up in the middle of Headquarters with a few minutes to spare. I look around at the sea of colors that surround me. People are bustling about, walking fast in their colorful scrubs to wherever their assignments are. I don't see any children like the first time we came here. I guess most of them are still in classes. We walk towards an escalator and get off on the second floor. I start heading toward my assignment then it hits me. "Oh, I should have asked. Which office do you have to report to?"
"Two-thirteen." He says looking at the address numbers on the outside of the administrative offices as we pass.
"That's where I'm going! Are you a runner too?" 
"Yeah, I guess so." He looks around, once more seeming uncomfortable then walks ahead of me towards the office. 
So much for small talk. I guess I can't really blame him. This whole place, this new life, it's overwhelming. I've not been separated from my parents in a long time and my guess is Connor hasn't either. Most children have been home schooled like myself and have rarely left the house. Our social lives consist of only what we've managed to maintain online through our computer. I think about how I put my hand on his shoulder and inwardly kick myself. That probably was really awkward for him. My parents were very hands on, total huggers who have no problem invading your personal space. With the virus spreading the way it did, physical contact is very few and far between, especially between strangers. I make a mental note to keep my hands to myself. 
Connor pauses at the administrative office labeled: 213. He holds the door open for me and I pick up my pace as to not make him wait much longer. 
"Thanks." I say with a half-smile. I look around at the room that isn't much bigger than the classroom we were just in. The walls are stark white and there are ten office desks that line the exterior walls. Adults sit behind the desks typing at the speed of light. They seem either oblivious to us or they just don't care. My guess is the former since looming stacks of files sit piled high on each desk. Several metal filing cabinets, a copier machine and a small break area make up the rest of the office. 
Connor and I join the group of about fifteen others who are huddled in the middle of the office. They all surround a table with several sack lunches. We both grab one and start munching down on the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and veggie sticks. I pull out a small juice box and down it really quick not noticing the particular flavor. This lunch set up reminds me of elementary school, except we are all standing and trying to devour our nourishment before our work assignments start. After I'm done I gaze around at the other people in the room. Nearly all of the people in the group appear to be around our age. I notice the girl from my class, the one with the pale blonde hair, standing apart from the crowd. She keeps her head down, looking at her tablet. Her nearly white hair once again covers her face. One of the teens in the group tells a joke and a lot of the others laugh loudly. Not feeling like much in the joking mood, I make my way over to the loner girl. 
"Hey," I say. As if I yelled it out at the top of my lungs, she nearly jumps out of her socks. "Whoa, I didn't mean to startle you." I say looking at her surprised. 
She looks at me with wide doe like eyes. Her eyes are an icy pale blue that makes her look all the more fragile. With her petite frame and porcelain skin color, she looks like a doll. Her mouth hangs open a bit awkwardly as if she doesn't know what to say.
"I'm Willow." I offer all the while forcing my hand to stay at my side. I had been taught to shake hands when I introduced myself but I don't want to break this poor girl. She already seems shocked enough that I'm even talking to her.
I stand there with one of my eyebrows raised in question. She takes a second and then offers quietly, "Claire." She pushes her hair behind her ears.
"Nice to meet you Claire." I say carefully. "This is Connor." I point out Connor who offers a silent wave. She looks at him then quickly darts her eyes away. I barely catch the pink rise up in her cheeks before she lets her hair fall in her face once more. 
I look over at Connor as if he could help but he just shrugs. This girl is probably the most skittish creature I've ever seen. 
A man clears his throat and announces, "May I have your attention please." I look up to see a pudgy middle-aged man with balding black hair standing near the entrance of the office. His black scrubs make him look drab and his voice comes off as overly bored. "Thank you for coming. My name is Mr. Blake. I am the head of the administrative department. You have been selected as runners based on your age and estimated energy level. Runners are required to move at a fast pace throughout the entire shift, as you will be given multiple assignments to complete each day. Most assignments will be in the form of deliveries however you may be utilized in other forms of grunt work. This may include filing, cleaning, supply retrieval and so on. Basically, you will just do whatever you are assigned to do. Since this is a fast paced, on your feet type of job you will receive an extra allotment of shoes, which you can switch out as needed. Does anyone have any questions at this time?" The look on his face shows that he's not really interested in answering questions. 
A tall lanky boy with red hair and a face peppered in freckles raises his hand. 
"Yes." Mr. Blake drones.
"Um, sir, since this is my first job and all...um, does this mean we all get paid, like real money?" The boy asks. I perk up wondering the answer myself, not that I would even know where to spend the money in a place like this. 
Mr. Blake looks at the boy as if he were a filthy, putrid smelling rag. "What? Are you saying that you don't want to serve your country, to pitch in for your community?" His voice starts to escalate. "Is it not good enough for you that you have been provided shelter, safety, food and clothes on your back?" He counts the blessings on his fingers as if he bestowed them upon us himself. "You could be on the outside! Do you really think that you deserve money for your services in here?" His harsh tone makes me jump. 
The boy's shoulders slump and he looks like a scalded toddler. "No, sir. I'm sorry sir."
The boy cowers beneath his stare as Mr. Blake gives him the stink eye for a few more moments. 
Mr. Blake asks again, "Any more questions?" He stares us all down one by one, sizing us up in the process. We all shake our heads profusely. "Good. Now, I do not have the time to sit here and hold each of your hands. I have already assigned Alec as a leader for this shift." A young man steps forward. I hadn't noticed him before. He's tall and muscular with caramel skin. His hair is the same color as Mr. Blake's, but that's where the resemblance stops. He has intense emerald green eyes that stand out in comparison to his dark features. He looks to be around seventeen years old. 
Mr. Blake gestures to Alec and then continues. "You will each receive your assignments via your tablet at the start of your shift. Alec is here if you should have a question or if you require assistance at any time. You may see him shadow you on occasion. In order to run a smooth operation we require dedicated, hard workers. He is here to ensure that you are performing efficiently. Under performance can result in negative repercussions on your work history and could also result in other corrective measures being taken. Please remember that in three years, when we are released, most of you will be of age to work full time. Your performance inside this facility could dictate your job assignments out in the real world. In addition you will receive a small allowance for your services at the end of each week so I suggest you use it wisely." He glares at the boy who asked the original question. "With that said, I will leave Alec to finish with your orientation. If you need my assistance in the future you can find my contact information on your tablet. You should however, refer to Alec for your day to day operational questions." Without another word he turns and walks out of the office. 
Alec stands there a bit uncomfortable at first. After a second a light bulb must have gone off in his head because he stands up straight and puts on his most adult-like tone to address us. "My name is Alec Blake and I will be leading your shift." Someone in the crowd groans. Instead of ignoring it, as I would have done, Alec cuts the person off at the pass. "Who has a problem?" The perpetrator is singled out when several people turn to look at the same lanky boy who had asked Mr. Blake about pay. This boy must have a death wish or something. "What's your name boy." It should sound funny having someone Alec's age call another kid boy, but it doesn't. He stares the boy down and rightfully displays his authority.
The boy shuffles from foot to foot and then answers, "Josh." 
Alec stands up even taller than before and says, "Josh, I'm taking it that you have an issue with my obvious relation to the Head Administrator. I know what you are thinking, that I'm just in this position because of my father. You are probably also thinking that with your extensive experience and work history that you should be the one leading this team. Well then, since you are so ready to run things boy, why don't you finish leading this orientation?" He taps his foot and waits for Josh to step up. 
Realizing that he wasn't asking a rhetorical question, Josh answers, "Um, I don't know how to."
"You don't know how to?" Alec raises his brows in question. "I thought that you knew everything? Way more than me at least." He points to his own chest jokingly.
Josh's eyes open wide and I nearly feel bad for him, but the boy's got to learn not to stick his foot in his mouth. "No, sir. I'm sorry, sir." He stutters and his face reddens as he's put in his place for the second time in less than five minutes.
I find myself surprised to see Alec nod his head and move on. I kind of took him for the tough guy who will continue to drill the point home but he just earned a few respect points in my book for letting it go. "You may all address me as Alec. I figure that most of us are near to each other in age so there is no point in calling me Mr. Blake. With that said, I do still expect for each of you to respect my authority and to follow my directions. I have run small shifts before at my father's factory and you will find that while I may hold high expectations for each of my team members, I am also fair. Our motto as runners is 'Get it Done.' I expect for each of you to live up to our motto and to get the job done to the best of your abilities." For a young person, Alec does surprisingly well with public speaking. He makes eye contact with each of us as he's talking and remains in control. "If you will all look at your tablets at this time you will see that your assignments have been uploaded. Your assignments are pretty cut and dry so you should not need much direction to complete them. If you do need direction or if for some reason you are unable to complete your assignments in the allotted time, then you will need to contact me. You can page me by typing into the IM box at the bottom right hand side of your screen. This will activate your locator and I will come to assist you as quickly as possible. Your assignments will be linked to your GPS so you will receive directions on how to get to your destination. I hope that within a few weeks you will commit our shelter's map to your memory as this will help you complete your assignments much faster." Alec turns around and grabs something from a table behind him. He holds it up. "Each of you will receive one of these. This is a holder for your tablet which can be worn on your hip like this." He straps the black holder around his waist and then sets his tablet face out, into it. I try and stifle a laugh; it looks like a fanny-pack. "Since you will often be carrying items, this will allow you to have your hands free to complete your task. You will also receive a pair of earphones so you can get audio directions to your destinations. You will not have time, or free hands, to continually look down at your tablet map." Alec hands us each a holder and a set of white earphones. I don't know if I imagined it or not, but he gives me a short smile when he hands me mine. "Alright. Unless you have any questions, you may disperse and begin your assignments." 
Nobody asks any questions. I strap the holder around my waist, taking notice of my awesome sense of style lately and then look at my tablet to find my first assignment. 
There’s a note on the top of the list to pick up supplies in Mr. Volmer’s office to take to the library. I find a map posted on the wall showing office locations. I pin it to my memory where his office is along with the names correlating with the other offices in this space. Mr. Volmer is located at the far end of the Administration ‘building.’ I put the tablet in my ‘fanny-pack’ and kick it into high gear. There’s no telling how long this day will be or how many errands I’ll be running.
After an exhausting amount of twists and turns I finally end up at the corner office. There’s a nameplate on the door with Mr. Volmer’s name on it and underneath it says, “Historian.” Hmm, I think to myself. I wonder why this facility needs a historian. I knock softly on the door and wait ‘till I hear a deep voice telling me to come in. I try and open the door but it stops after only a few feet. I attempt pulling back and opening it again only to be stopped short. “Umm, Mr. Volmer?” I ask. 
“Yes, yes, come in,” he says. 
“Well, that’s the problem sir. I can’t seem to get the door open.” It seems like Captain obvious came for a visit now. I hear some shuffling behind the door and what sounds to be crates of boxes being moved. The door opens a few inches more and a frazzled head sticks out. I’m assuming this is Mr. Volmer. He has white frizzy hair that sticks up in the places he isn’t bald. He's sporting a serious case of male patterned baldness. His bottle cap glasses that cover most of his face magnify his eyes in a creepy mad professor sort of way. 
“Yes, yes what can I do for you young lady,” he asks while sizing me up. 
“Uh, yeah, my name is Willow and it says here that you have something that needs to be delivered to the library?” 
“Ah, yes! Hold on just a minute.” He disappears behind the door and I hear more shuffling followed by sounds of several different book avalanches. Seconds later the door opens a little bit and I’m being given a large stack of books. “Here you go,” he says as he nearly slams the door in my face. 
“Um, thanks,” I say to the door. 
There are about ten books or so in the stack and they all have heavy brown leather covers. I shift their weight in my arms so they’re more easily carried and set off through the labyrinth of offices. 
It seems like forever since I've been to a real library. Obviously being holed up in the house for a few years made it hard for me to go to my favorite place. There's something about the smell of books that speaks to me. I still read a lot on my e-reader back at home but there's something about holding the paper in your hands. I take a second to enjoy the sight then I drop off the books to a librarian who barely glances up at me from her book to acknowledge the delivery. She signs off on my tablet and then sticks her nose back in her book. I can't say I blame her. I make a mental note to find my way back here when I have free time. 
My next assignment blinks on the screen almost immediately after I step out of the library. Another delivery. Argh, my feet already hurt but I keep moving along. To be honest I haven't even thought much about my mom or my brother today. While I don't want to forget them, I'm still grateful to have the busy work. It takes the edge off. 
Two and a half hours later, I've completed my tenth delivery. A message pops up on my tablet stating that my daily assignments are complete and that I may return to the Administrative Office. I walk in and find Alec sitting behind a desk, typing something into a computer. 
He turns and looks at me with eyebrows raised. "Don't tell me, your tablet GPS malfunctioned. That's been happening all day. Give it here." He rubs his temple with his index finger and holds his other hand out for me to pass him my tablet. His face looks slightly annoyed at first but then his expression changes to wonderment when I hand him my tablet. "You're done?"
I look from side to side wondering if I did something wrong then say, "Um, yeah. I mean, yes sir." My dad always taught me to respect elders but it still seems odd calling a boy only a few years older than me at the most, sir.
 "No, don’t call me sir. You can call me by my first name."
"Oh, okay Alec." It's strange calling a supervisor by their first name, but I guess I'll have to get used to it. He gives me a funny look and I realize he might not remember my name. "My name is Willow." 
"I know." He clears his throat then looks down at my tablet. I'm instantly grateful for the lessening of eye contact because it was strangely intense there for a moment. He looks back up a second later. "Well, Willow, I think there might be an issue with your tablet." 
I look at him questioningly. "I haven't noticed any issues. "
He takes my tablet and connects it by a USB cord to his computer. "Well, most of the other runners are still only half way through their assignments."
"Do we all have the same number of assignments?" I ask curious.
"Yes you all received ten assignments." He checks the screen, which hasn't loaded yet and then looks back at me. "Look, you couldn't have finished all of your assignments yet." 
I don't know why, but something about how he said that last part sets me off; especially since I know that I completed all ten assignments. "Well I did! It's not my fault the others are slow. I got the message stating that I've finished and that's why I'm here." I throw my hand up on my hip to add that extra emphasis. 
He studies me for a second with a look that I can't quite place then he checks his screen again. He turns back to me a few seconds later with his mouth gaping open. He mouth's the word how.
I shrug my shoulders and add with a little attitude, "Am I dismissed then?" 
He just looks at me with wide emerald eyes and says, "Um, I guess." He sounds uncertain but I don't sit around to wait for him to think on it further. I've got a library to check out. I turn on my heel and leave the office and Alec behind. 
I don't have to look at my tablet to find the library again. I've already committed its location to memory. I round the corner and end up accidentally running into someone. I look up to find Connor standing there stunned. He dropped his tablet during my accidental attack so I bend down to help him grab it but end up bumping heads with him when he makes the same move. "Ouch." We both say in unison while rubbing our heads. I let Connor grab his own tablet this time as to avoid crushing our skulls again.
"Sorry." I say apologetically. 
Connor looks frustrated and overwhelmed. At first I'm worried that it's aimed at my clumsiness but then he sets it straight. "It's okay. So what assignment are you on?" 
"Oh, I'm done." I say but instead of feeling proud that my first day went so well, I actually feel kind of down. Now I have time to think and I don't feel like thinking.
"What? I'm only on number four. This is taking forever! As if I don't have enough issues with directions, my GPS keeps acting up. I swear that I've passed this same hall four times now trying to find the medical station. I think it's broken again." 
I feel bad now that I just told him I was done. I definitely didn't want him to feel like he's doing anything wrong by how long it's taking him. "Hey, I can help you if you want. I know where the medical station is."
His dark eyes brighten just a bit. "Really? That would be great Willow. Thanks." 
"No problem at all. I've got nothing to do." I say. After all, the library can wait.
I lead Connor to the medic station and then help him on several more assignments. We don't really talk much along the way but it's not awkward or anything. It would probably be with anyone else, but there's a type of comfort level between Connor and I. It's one that comes with having something in common: loss. 
"We were only messing around, you don't have to get your panties in a bunch!" A high pitch girl voice calls out from a room down the hall. Her giggling sounds like a Hyena. 
"Yeah sorry, we were just having a little fun with you runner girl! What, you didn't think it was funny sugar?" A guy adds, his voice dripping with sarcasm. 
The Hyena girl giggles annoyingly again. I hear a sniffle sound coming from the room. 
I look to Connor and he nods back to me. I don't even have to say it out loud. We both start towards the room where the harassment is coming from. We don't make it far before Claire, the one who sat next to me in class, comes barreling out of the room slamming the door behind her. Her hair is still in front of her face and it must have obstructed her vision because she plows right into Connor. The force of their collision pushes him back half of a step.
"Sorry." Claire sniffs. She tries to move to work her way around us but Connor grabs her gently by the arms. 
"Hey, what's wrong? Did those people hurt you?" Connor asks seriously. His face is a mask of concern. 
She looks up at him and behind all of that white blonde hair covering her face you can see her tear filled frosty blue eyes. Something in my chest pangs knowing that someone who looks so fragile and innocent is hurting.
"Did they hurt you?" Connor asks again a little stronger this time.
"No." She whispers then turns her head and starts wiping at her eyes. 
"What happened?" I ask in a soothing voice. Maybe staying calm will help her open up.
She looks at me with a look of surprise. It's that look again that asks, are you really talking to me? I wonder what would make this beautiful, yet really strange, girl so skittish and self-conscious. 
"It's okay, you can tell us." I say again gently. 
Connor is still holding onto her arms so he takes this second to carefully let her go. He seems ready to catch her if she tries to dart though.
"They were playing a trick on me." She said.
"A trick?" Connor asks, his eyebrows rose in question.
She looks to him and then back at me. "Yes, they were messing with my GPS. They kept re-routing me here."
"How did they mess with your GPS?" I ask.
"Anything can be hacked." She says while wiping her eyes one last time. This time she looks at me with a bold certainty I wouldn't have thought she'd have. "They think I'm stupid; that I wouldn't know what they were doing. I am not stupid!" 
 I don't know Claire that well, but I like this side of her. She should show it more often instead of hiding behind all of that pretty hair. "Of course you are not stupid." I say matter of factly.
"How did you know that they were messing with you?" Connor asks pleasantly surprised by her short show of confidence too.
Claire looks at him and blushes again, looking down at her shoes. "I know a lot about computers and stuff. When I circled this block for the third time, I heard them laughing in the computer lab. I put two and two together and knew that they were messing with my map."
"So you went in there?" I ask. I really can't believe that she would confront them. 
She looks thoughtful for a second then says, "Yes. It wasn't the brightest move. I was just so angry. My feet were aching from running circles and they were just sitting in there having a blast at my expense!" 
Connor's eyebrows furrow and it doesn't take a genius to figure out what he's about to do. He side steps around Claire and stomps off down the hall. 
It doesn’t take me more than a few moments to realize I should probably follow him in there. “Stay here,” I say to Claire and hurry to catch up to Connor.
Connor skips the pleasantries and immediately turns the door handle. It's unlocked and he marches right in; I follow behind him.
The teens inside the room turn to look at us in bewilderment. I count six of them, all guys, hanging around. In a normal room that many people would result in overcrowding but this isn't a normal room. I take in the layout of it with my mouth hanging open in awe. This isn't a simple bunk bed set up like my dad and I have. No, this is a plush layout that has to be at least five hundred square feet of semi-luxurious furnishings. Two queen-sized beds are set up on opposite sides of the room. They have decorated blankets and throw pillows, which are starkly different than our grey and white linens. In the middle of the room is a mock living area set up with a couch and a chaise lounge. There is even an intricately designed ornate rug on the floor. A large desk with a full sized computer is set up against the wall. Instead of plain white walls these walls are painted in soothing earth tones. A few framed oil paintings of natural landscapes are set up around the room in such a way that they look like windows to the outside. It's quite beautiful and much more fancy than my room or even my old house. How in the world does a person get a room like this? In comparison, this room makes my room look like a prison cell. 
One of the boys steps towards us with his hands raised. He looks like a Ken doll with bleached blonde hair and big hazel eyes. His muscles look too proportionate to have come from real hard labor. Instead they probably are the result of months spent with an expensive personal trainer. “Hey man, we were just having a little fun,” he says. I can tell from the sound of his voice that he was the one talking to Claire earlier.
I look to Connor to try and gauge his reaction. His eyebrows furrow and his eyes get all beady looking. It’s kind of scary if you ask me. “Look pal, don’t you have anything better to be doing than to be messing with this poor girl? Some of us have to work around here.” Connor says nearly spitting in his face.
The guy he is talking to says, "I'm not your pal, the name's Zack." He says pal with a disgusted look like he wouldn't touch Connor with a ten-foot pole. Then with a mischievous grin on his face he turns to the others. “Hey fellas, this guy here wants to know if we have anything better to do.” He hikes his thumb back behind him pointing at Connor. They all laugh in unison like it’s the funniest joke in the world. 
I hear that hyena laugh and see a tall blonde who looks like a life sized Barbie doll, come out from the bathroom. I catch a glimpse of the bathroom before the door closes behind her. From what I can see, there is a garden tub and a double vanity in there. A small amount of envy creeps up at their luxuries and I try to squash it quickly. The girl must have seen my stare though because she speaks up in a haughty tone, "What? See something you like?"
My cheeks burn with fury at her calling me out. "No." I say and give her my best rolling of the eyes. 
She sticks her hand on her hips then looks me up and down with her big baby blue eyes. "I saw you eyeing our place, you must be one of the less fortunate ones." Her voice drips with a false sense of pity.
"First, I'm not less fortunate, I'm Willow. Second, green's not really my color so no, I wasn't ogling your place." My chest aches when I remember how often my mom used to tell us that green doesn't look good on us when we were kids and saw others getting more than we had. 
She doesn't respond, instead she lets out another hyena laugh. Wow, how can someone who tries to look so perfect on the outside have such an atrocious laugh? I let out a small giggle at that and she gives me the nastiest look that only makes me giggle more. 
Zack smirks at me then turns back around to Connor. “In answer to your question, no, we don’t have anything better to do. Well, unless you count twiddling our thumbs or taking a nap. But hey, now that you mention it, maybe twiddling our thumbs does seem more fun about now. Whatcha think fellas?” They laugh at his banter again and my frown deepens. 
Rage is bubbling up deep inside of me at this guy’s blazé attitude. “Seriously,” I pipe up. “You have nothing else to do? No job? No school? There has to be something you guys are good at other than messing up someone’s day here!” I know, it doesn’t deserve an Oscar, but that’s all I’ve got. I keep my eyes focused on him holding his gaze. I notice that he has the same hair color and the same shaped eyes as the Barbie hyena girl. I assume they are related. 
Zack sizes me up before answering. “Yeah, we go to school, but only in the morning today. Tomorrow we start our Select classes. Now as to jobs, no, of course not! Well, now that you mention it, you may be able to count what we’re doing now as a job. Teaching you both the art of technological hacking. May do you good someday." He looks back and forth from Connor to me then settles his eyes on me. "And as for you, I can give some private lessons if you ask really nice sugar." He reaches his hand out as if he was going to grab one of my curls and I swat it back down with a smack. He laughs. I don't have a mirror, but I can bet that my face is the color of cherry pie right about now. I'm fuming! 
 “Now, if you’ll be on your way, we’re late for our appointment.” He says the last part with a note of sarcasm. 
As he starts to shoo us out I catch a glimpse of a photo above the girl's bed. The girl and Zack are in it. They are a bit younger and standing next to a woman who I'm assuming is their mom. I try to look a little closer because something's caught my attention. It's strange, in the photo both children seem to have the same golden brown eyes as their mother. Maybe it’s just the lighting or shadows.
Before I can get a better look, Zack blocks my view. Then, in the blink an eye, he’s ushered us out the door and has slammed it in our faces. I blink a few times trying to clear the cobwebs out of my head. “Come on, let’s get out of here,” Connor says.
Claire is still standing in the hall where we last left her. She looks like she's trying to figure us out. "Did you both just defend my honor in there?" Her eyebrows are furrowed in thought.
"Well, we didn't do that great of a job, but I think they got the point. Not that they took it to heart or anything." Connor replies.
"They're just being jerks." I say.
Claire studies us with her icy blue eyes then gives a small smile. "Thanks guys. Nobody has ever really done anything like that for me before. Usually people just act like I don't exist. Sometimes I think I must have a secret layer of camouflage because people often look right through me. I'm not noticeable I guess. " Her smile drops.
Connor surprises me by saying under his breath, "I doubt that." 
Claire must not have heard him since she didn't blush at his compliment. I add, "Well that's what friends should do for each other." 
"We’re friends?" She says the word like it's foreign and I instantly feel horrible that this poor girl has had to feel this alone in the world. 
"If you want to be. I think we can use a support group in here. Especially if we have to deal with people like that." I point back with my thumb towards Zack's room. 
She cocks her head at me and studies me for a second then says, "Yeah, I think I'd like that." She smiles which lights her face up in a new, beautiful way. Connor and I catch it like it's contagious and find ourselves grinning too. 
****
I spend the rest of the afternoon helping Connor, and mainly Claire, finish up their assignments. It doesn’t take too long because conveniently, Connor and Claire’s routes correlate with each other. Surprisingly, they don’t ask me how I can get from point A to point B without looking at the map.
We get done around 5:30; thirty minutes before our tablets say that supper is to be served. We go together to pick up Connor's little sister Lillie from class, then head over to the cafeteria to secure our places in line. 
We sit together at dinner eating our mush. I look around for my dad but don't see him so I assume he got a different dinner shift tonight. I do get to meet Connor's guardian, Sarah, whom I soon realize is only responsible for Lillie. Apparently Connor was allowed to sleep on a cot in their room last night however, effective tonight he will be moved to his permanent room. Apparently teens who don't have parents bunk up together in a mass dorm style room. Connor’s body language tells me that he is very much not happy about this arrangement. I don't blame him because with his new schedule and separate room, he will rarely see his little sister. Sarah assures him though that she is in good hands. 
I also find out during dinner that Claire stays in one of those dorm rooms for female teens. Each dorms hold up to ten same sex teens. Claire has seven roommates in hers. Most of them are from the orphanage she grew up in. None of them really talk to her though. They all think she's strange. She doesn't mention how she ended up in an orphanage but we can pretty much assume that she lost her parents to the virus. 
After dinner we part ways for the night. I head back to my room to wait for my dad. I pass the time by taking a nice hot shower, which apparently I can only do three times a week per water and energy conservation restrictions. It feels good though to get clean. I hop into bed afterwards. I hadn't realized just how tiring today was and I find myself falling asleep soon enough.
"Hey honey." My dad kisses me on the forehead. 
I awake from a dreamless sleep and look at my tablet to see that it's only 10:00 pm. I haven't been asleep for very long. "Hey dad. Are you just now getting home?" I ask, stretching my arms above my head.
My dad looks exhausted and really, really filthy. I don't even want to ponder the dirt he's covered in. "Yeah. I didn't get to eat until nine. It's been a long day." He runs his hand through his greying hair. "How was your day?"
"It was good. Why are they making you work such long shifts?" I ask. We had started at nine this morning. That means he worked for at least twelve hours today. That seems rather long to me. 
"The work has to get done." He studies me as if trying to figure out if he should tell me something. Instead of telling me what was on his mind he says, "Try to get some sleep honey."
I don't let him get away that easily. "Dad, what's up?" I rub the small amount of sleep out of my eyes that had formed during my nap.
He brushes back the hair from my forehead and steps back a little. I have to sit up to see him better since the safety railing is now partially blocking my view. He paces the room for a second then starts. "You know honey that your mother and I tried to keep you kids sheltered from the mess that's been going on in our country over the past few years."
I nod.
"I figure that you are old enough and mature enough now to know what's going on." He smiles at me and has a proud look in his eye. "You know that we have never had that much money."
I know that much. We learned in school about economics. There used to be a middle class in our country but for the past decade, or longer even, there has only been two classes: the rich and the poor. 
"The government knew that this virus was getting out of hand a few years ago. At that time the plans for a way to stop it began. We were warned that we would eventually have to go into these shelters. Everyone was allowed the opportunity to pay for their space in advance. The prices were outrageous and completely unattainable for anyone other than the wealthiest families." A pent up look of frustrated anger shows on his face. "They told us that those who could not afford to pay for their spaces would still be admitted in, however, they would have to earn their keep. Most of us have no problem with that. We've been working hard just to stay afloat all of our lives, but Willow, I didn't know that they were going to make the children work for their spaces too!" His face turns red with his frustration. "They didn't tell us that! Did they treat you bad?" He comes up closer to the bed again and studies me to make sure he can't see any physical sign of damage.
I shake my head confused, "No Dad, they didn't. It was fine." 
He looks at me intensely, "You can tell me the truth honey. Were they mean? How long did you have to work today?"
"I only worked five hours and it was easy work doing deliveries. Nobody was mean...Well, that's not exactly true." My dad's eyes started to show the beginning signs of rage so I quickly continued to settle his fears. "The people at work are nice. We just ran into some spoiled brats who were trying to cause trouble." He calms down at this but still remains interested. "You know it makes sense though now. They have a much nicer place than ours. They are the same age too but they didn't have to work."
"Yes, their parents probably paid for their spot. I heard rumors that the paid rooms were very nice. Just because they don't work doesn't mean they have any right to treat you badly. Do I need to go talk to them?"
I give my dad a sincere smile. His love shows through in his offer to stick up for me. "No, I already spoke to them. They weren't really being mean to me but they were picking on another girl. I went in there and confronted them. I don't think it did much good but they had no right to bully someone just because they were bored."
That look of pride flashes across my dad's face again. "You did the right thing honey. I'm proud of you for standing up to those bullies. Most people wouldn't, especially when it's not their fight." 
"Well you didn't teach me to be most people." I sit up taller and grin.
"No I didn't. I love you honey. You let me know if you ever need me to go beat down any snobs for you. Not that I don't think you can't handle your own. It's sometimes good to have reinforcements." 
"Yeah, I've got those. I made two friends today." My dad looks interested so I continue. "Connor and Claire. They are both in my class and they are runners too."
"That's awesome. You stick close to each other. It's important for you to have someone that has your back in here. I’ve heard some uproar from some of the other adult workers. They aren't too happy at the way they're being treated, especially with some of their children being forced to work. Also, I think a lot of it has to do with many lower class families getting declined entry. The wounds are wide open right now, so it might come to nothing after some time passes. I just want you to know ahead of time how some people are feeling so that you don't get surprised by any disgruntled behavior around here. Continue to stay close to your friends and make sure to report to me if anything odd comes up or if you feel mistreated in any way. Will you do that for me honey?" 
"Of course." I wonder to myself what he means by disgruntled behavior but I don't continue to ponder it too much because I can tell that the day is catching up to my dad. His eyes look tired and his posture went slack. "Hey dad, why don't you go take a shower and get some rest." 
He nods his head. "What? I stink that bad?" 
"Yep!" I say pinching my nose with my fingers and waving the 'odor' away with my other hand. 
My dad gets me in that one tickle spot right under my arm, my Achilles heel. I break out in giggles. He leans in like he wants to give me a hug but then remembers he's filthy and pats my head instead. "I love you. Get some sleep." 
"You too dad." I reply and lie back down on my bed. 
"Night." My dad turns and starts to head to the bathroom but I grab his arm before he leaves my bedside.
"Wait dad?" I ask nervously.
He turns back, "Yes?" 
"Can I ask you a question?" I chew on my nails waiting for his response.
"Shoot." He says while making a fake gun sign with his thumb and index finger. My dad can be a big dork when he wants to.
"Who is ELE?" I don't know why it's been on my brain tonight but I feel like I need to know more about what's going on out there in the world.
He studies me for a long second then says, "I'm sorry that I didn't tell you before. I wanted to protect you but I can see that now you’re becoming a mature and strong woman, just like your mother." His voice catches but he carries on. "You can handle the truth. ELE stands for Extinction Level Event." 
I let out a loud breath. I really don't like the sound of that.
He continues, "An Extinction Level Event is exactly what it sounds like. This is where our planet was headed with the rapid speed that the virus was killing off the human race at." He stares at me as if trying to gauge my reaction.
I nod and say, "I understand."
He gives me a slight smile and then says, "I've known about Project ELE for a while and while I hate that it tore our family in half, I do understand why it was necessary." His face turns grim.
I blink away the tears that start forming in my eyes as I think of all of the people that have died and all of the people outside the safety of our shelters. "Thank you dad." I say sincerely. He looks at me confused and then I continue. "Thank you for protecting me as long as you could. I mean protecting my innocence. I don't think I could have handled that news before all of this."
He looks surprised that I would make such a mature statement. "I love you so much." Is all he says.
"I love you too dad." I sit up and give him a hug despite his apparent stink. "Night."
"Good night." He says and then turns to head once again to the bathroom. This time I don't stop him. 
A minute later I hear the shower running. I think to myself about how much my life has changed in such a short period of time. It has only been eight days since my family left our house and headed towards the shelter lines and it has been two days since my family was torn apart. So much happened so fast that I can't help but wonder what changes life will bring me in the future. I don't get a chance to think about it for long because the running water lulls me into a dreamless sleep. 
CHAPTER 5 (Thirty-one days inside.)

Boring routine, that's what the next month is like. School, work, dinner and bed. We barely have any free time. It didn't come as a surprise that neither Connor, Claire or I got accepted into the Select classes. I don't mind that much because I actually enjoy the mindless activity of running errands in the afternoon. Connor sometimes complains about it though, and by sometimes I mean all the time! 
"Look, the pool. Yet another amenity we haven't gotten to use." Connor slouches as we walk by the heavily chlorinated corridor. His grumbling voice expresses his frustration. 
"I wonder why they even built these places if we never get to use them." Claire interjects. She usually doesn't complain but sometimes Connor's moods can be contagious. We can't really blame him. My guess is that he's ADHD or something by his consistent nervous fidgeting and inability to remain still for longer than twenty seconds. 
I look down at my tablet to check the time and someone rams me in the shoulder knocking me back a step. "Ugh!" I call out and turn around quickly to confront the hit and run offender. "Excuse you!" 
Standing there in a red bikini with a towel hanging over her shoulder is Hyena girl. She gets a pinched up expression on her face like she smelled something foul and says, "You need to watch where you're going!" 
I look at her incredulously, "Me? I don't think so. You rammed into me with your bony little shoulder." I don't know where that type of attitude came from but there is something about this girl that brings out the worst in me. Claire and Connor come and stand at my flanks to loan me their moral support. 
"My shoulders are not bony!" She whines and then looks to one of her swim trunk clad, bare chested 'crew' members for reassurance. To my greatest pleasure nobody acknowledges her petty need for a confidence boost.
"Candy, you did run into her." Zack calls out from behind her. He walks up to me until he's crossed into my personal zone and then some. I blush and take a step back. He seems to take pride in the fact that he's making me uncomfortable. I can't help but feel awkward since I can't even name the last time I saw a man with his shirt off. Not that I think Zack is much of a man but it's still weird nonetheless. "Like what you see?" He asks full of cocky confidence. His only clothing is red swim trunks that sit loosely on his hips and a pair of swimming goggles, which are hanging from his wrist. His muscles almost look painted on and I wonder if he adds makeup to his abs to make them stand out more. 
"Hmm," I look him up and down appraisingly and find satisfaction when I see a slight blush spread on his falsely tanned cheeks. I shrug my shoulders and say "Not really." 
A livid look passes across his eyes and for a second I get an uncomfortable feeling in the pit of my stomach. Just like that it vanishes and an amused look takes its place. "Well, I'm sure people of your...social status, don't have many interactions with those of the opposite sex. It's okay to feel nervous around me." A look of utter disgust pops onto my face. He laughs and the Hyena girl, who I now know as Candy, joins in on the hackling. 
"You should join us." Candy says. "Oh wait, you can't! You have to work!" She cracks herself up so much that she snorts like a pig. I can't help the giggle that releases after that. She stops and glares at me with her hands on her bony hips. 
"Well, if you do ever get a day off, you should hang with us." Zack stares at my nametag, which is located on my chest; quite convenient for him. "You can bring your friends too, Willow." I cringe at the way my name sounds on his lips.
"Thanks but no thanks." I say as I turn and walk in the opposite direction. I feel better after I put some distance between us and shake off the slime that they lathered on. 
"Eww! He was totally undressing you with his eyes." Claire says with an appropriate amount of distaste.
"Yeah, I feel totally scandalized." I say while wiping my sweaty palms on my scrubs. Intense conversations like that make me nervous but I feel good that I held my own. 
"I should go and pulverize that rich boy's face!" Connor looks like he might just do it so I wave him off.
"Nah, they aren't worth it." I smile at him and pat his back reassuringly. I watch as his face calms down. Over the past month Connor has taken on the protective big brother role over Claire and me with zeal. Well sometimes I wonder if it's more than a big brother role with Claire, but I won't mention that.
I look at the timer on my tablet. "Crap! We are going to have to run. One minute and thirty seconds!" We all take off running down the winding hallways towards Headquarters. We barrel through the Admin office doors a minute late. Everyone turns and looks at us. Well, everyone except Alec. He appears to be intensely focused on his computer and he doesn't acknowledge that we came in late. Phew! I already got a tardy last week when I was late for class; I don't need a second one. 
Alec looks up a moment later and his emerald eyes seem to settle on me. I shift side to side nervously while chanting in my head: You didn't notice. You don't want to give me a tardy. I guess my Jedi mind tricks worked because he stands up and addresses us as a group. "Good afternoon everyone. We will only be having a short meeting today as I have a lot to do. I have some good news though. We have finally gotten approval to allow you a free day once a week. These days will be staggered throughout the team and should be handed out next week. Now it's important that you know that you can lose your free day if there are any performance issues, reprimands or excessive tardies." I swear his eyes settle on me again for just a second and I hold my breath until he moves on. "With that said, get to work." We all turn to leave and he moves back to his desk. 
I pull up my assignment list for today. Looking at the screen I do a double take. When I realize that what I'm seeing is accurate I stomp over to Alec's desk. Waving my tablet in my hand I ask, "There must be some mistake." 
Alec looks up at me and continues typing as he talks, which sort of impresses me but mostly annoys me. "I'm sorry, what exactly are you referring to?"
"I'm referring to the twenty-five assignments that you've given me." I huff out but add a "sir," at the end. 
He cringes at the 'sir' part but then replies, "There was no mistake." He looks back at his computer and continues typing rapidly. 
I've noticed an unexplained edge between Alec and I over the past month so I usually try to steer clear of him when I can. Not today though, I won't be dismissed that easily. "No!" It slips out before I can think better of it.
He stops mid type and stands up from his chair facing me. "Excuse me?" He places both of his hands on his desk and leans forward so that his green eyes are within inches of my face. 
I stand my ground. I'm not going to back down. "This is more than double my usual assignment count and double the workload of any other runner. That isn't fair." 
He raises his eyebrow and with a gleam in his eye he says, "Life isn't fair, Willow." 
I always figured that Alec wouldn't remember my name since I've never heard him speak it out loud. I don't let my astonishment or the interesting tingle I felt when he said my name deter me. 
"So you are punishing me for working fast?" I ask fuming. 
"This is not a punishment. You have a time frame that you work and we are simply filling that time frame." 
"Well then I will just slow down and work at the same speed as everyone else." I throw my hands up in the air to further show my dissatisfaction. 
He cocks his head sideways. "Look, I know that you finish your work early and then help your friends. You don't think that things like that go unnoticed do you? Like I said, this is an hourly job not an assignments based job. You will do what is asked of you." 
I roll my eyes and huff out a disgruntled "Whatever!" Then I take my tablet and my first delivery parcel and head out the door. I swear I heard him yell out something about insubordination but I didn't stick around to listen. What's he going to do, fire me? 
Just to spite him I work faster than I ever have and still finish thirty minutes ahead of everyone else. I walk in through the door and hand him my tablet so he can upload the signatures for the deliveries I made. I catch a glimpse of myself in a mirror to the right of his desk. Some curls have fallen loose from my ponytail and my cheeks look pink from exertion. 
Alec looks at me appraisingly and if I didn't know better I would think that look showed a hint of admiration and perhaps something else. He plugs my tablet in, types some stuff on his keyboard then unplugs the tablet and hands it back to me. "You can go ahead and leave now that you're done." 
I've never been allowed to leave earlier than the end of my shift so I look at him for an explanation. When one doesn't come I turn and walk out. 
That night after dinner I lie down to try and get some shuteye but have a hard time falling asleep. I replay the conversation we had and worry that perhaps I will have a reprimand tomorrow. I was honestly surprised that he didn't give me one today when I returned, nor did he even mention anything. It's no surprise that once I fall asleep I slip into dreams of Alec with his bright green eyes and jet-black hair. 
****
I was still a little nervous when I walked into work the next day with Connor and Claire. I looked at Alec expecting him to rehash yesterday’s events but he didn't. Instead he smiled at me. Heat flamed my cheeks when my brain conjured up last nights dream. I pushed it far to the back of my mind and looked down at my tablet. My assignment list was reduced down to fifteen. I look up at Alec who stares at me for a fraction of a second and then releases us for work without hosting his usual pep rally meeting.
Today I got my assignments done in my usual speedy time frame and reverted to helping Connor and Claire with theirs. Having gone back to a normal routine, the day went by fast, as did the remainder of the week. Every morning we checked our tablets in restless anticipation of our first free day. We've been crossing our fingers that we will get the same day off. The odds look to be in our favor since everyone has received their free day this week except for us. Hopefully with tomorrow being Sunday, which is also a no-school day, we will finally get our day of rest! 
CHAPTER 6 (Thirty-eight days inside.)

I was excited when I woke up this morning and saw on my tablet that today is in fact my first free day. My dad wasn't so lucky. He still has to work. We both head over to breakfast together and down our cold oatmeal before my dad has to report for his shift. Not sure what else to do with my time, I stay seated at the table and make arrangements for Connor and Claire to meet me up with me. While I wait I browse the amenities app on my tablet trying to get an idea of what we should do. 
Someone clears their throat next to the table and I look up to find Alec standing beside me. “Oh, um, hey.” I stutter. I’m still not quite sure how to address Alec. I mean, he is my boss and all, so our conversations tend to be a bit awkward. 
“You mind if I sit?” Alec asks. 
I shake my head no, even though I do kind of mind. 
He sits in the seat across from me. Alec tipis his fingers and leans forward. “Look, I know it’s kind of awkward and all, what, with me being your boss, but I was hoping maybe we could hang out sometime?” His question catches me totally off guard and my jaw drops open. I watch as he grimaces and shifts in his seat, looking exceedingly uncomfortable. 
“Yeah,” I squeak a little uncomfortably. What should I say? No? I clear my voice. “I mean sure, that would be cool." His green eyes light up just a little. What the heck I think to myself. "Um, I’ve got some friends meeting me here soon; well, you know Claire and Connor. We were planning on doing something today, not sure what, but you’re welcome to tag along if you’d like.” Tag along? Does your boss ‘tag along?’ I mentally kick myself and look to the floor. 
Shockingly he agrees, “Yeah, hey that sounds great. You know, I have to be quite honest with you. This sucks.” 
“Excuse me?” I ask a little hurt by his words. We've hung out for less than a minute and he already thinks it's lame.
“No, wait, that’s not what I meant. What I meant to say is my job sucks.” Okay, awkward, I think. “I mean, some people might think being in charge is cool, especially at my age, but in all honesty, it’s just flat out lonely. People respect you and all, but they don’t want to necessarily hang out and be friends. It makes me feel old even though we are all in the same age group.” 
Connor and Claire walk up behind Alec and stop mid-step. Alec continues to talk about loneliness and pours his heart out while they approach the table cautiously. Claire jabs Connor lightly in the ribs and gestures her head towards Alec. They both squelch a laugh and I try widening my eyes at them letting them know to chill out. 
Connor gets a huge grin on his face and begins doing a silent version of the running man behind Alec’s back. I look to Alec who seems to be oblivious of their presence behind him. Claire puts her hand over her mouth squelching her laughter. 
She waves her hands at Connor to get him to stop and looks back over at me. She then proceeds to act like she’s taking a seat and tipis her hands in front of her mimicking Alec. Connor nearly loses it and steps back away from us, hand over his mouth. 
“It’s just with my dad being who he is and all, it can be tough, you know?” My attention focuses back on Alec and I nod my head in understanding trying very hard to keep a straight face but not feeling like I’m succeeding. I honestly didn't hear half of what he just said because Connor started dancing in place again. “You know what’s really interesting Willow?” Alec asks with a raised eyebrow. 
I try harder to concentrate on him and not on what my friends are doing. “No, what?” I ask. 
Alec lets a small grin appear on his face. His voice raises a few decibels, “It’s interesting that Connor and Claire think I can’t see what they’re doing behind my back. Yes, that’s interesting.” 
Connor stops mid running man and Claire closes her mocking mouth immediately. 
 “Oh hey guys! I didn’t know you were standing there.” Alec says in mock surprise placing his hand over his heart.
I bury my head in my hands. Oh my gosh, can it get any more awkward? 
“How--” Connor begins to ask but Alec doesn’t give him the opportunity. 
“See that metal tray dispenser right there?" He points to an area right behind me. " Yeah, I could totally see you the whole time.” 
A crimson color spreads across their faces as the realization dawns on them. Alec shakes his head, “It’s cool. I would have done the same thing.” He gives a small chuckle as Connor and Claire try and pull their heads out of their butts. “Really, it’s all good.” Alec says trying to reassure them again. 
I bust up laughing at the calamity displayed before me. All heads turn to me, but I can’t help it. That had to be one of the most ridiculous things I have ever seen. It doesn’t take but a moment before everyone is laughing with me. Connor and Alec exchange some kind of macho male handshake. Then both of my friends join us at the table.
"So what are we going to do today?" Claire asks.
"I vote to go swimming." Connor chimes in.
"No." Claire and I both say simultaneously. This is our first time to hang out with our boss. I'm thinking that bikini's and swim trunks aren't really appropriate in this situation. Plus, I didn't get to shave my legs this morning so that idea is definitely vetoed. 
Connor looks mildly disappointed. He suggests a second option, "We could see a flick at the theater." 
Everyone looks at each other and we shrug at the so-so idea. 
Alec checks something on his tablet then says. "Well, if you are into Historical films we can go check it out. Today they are playing back to back documentaries of World War I, World War II and World War III."
"Oh that sounds like a blast." I say sarcastically.
"I don't hear any genius suggestions from either of you." Connor says a little sourly.
"I guess that leaves shopping or bowling. Since we get paid crap money we might as well check out the bowling alley." I open my eyes wide and hold my breath when I remember who is sitting at our table. 
Connor and Claire give me that look that says, 'dude, pull your foot out of your mouth.' 
"I mean, um..." I start to say but Alec waves me off.
"Look, I know you all don't get paid squat. I make only a little more than you do. I understand." He looks around at all of us who still look semi uncomfortable. "Let's pretend for today that I'm not your boss. That I'm just another kid like you trying to have fun."
"Kid." Connor harrumphs. 
Alec turns to where he's facing Connor better and asks, "Just how old do you think I am?"
Claire says under her breath, "Old." 
Alec raises his eyebrows to Connor. 
Connor finally responds. "I guess like twenty or so." He cringes a little worried that he may be treading on the wrong turf with his boss.
"Ha! I'm only seventeen." Alec says. 
"You're not even a legal adult?" Claire asks then adds curiously, "How did you get this job then?" 
"Like I said in our first meeting. I've been helping out at my dad's business since I was fourteen. I pick up fast and I was managing shifts by the age of sixteen. It was only natural that my dad gave me a shift when he was assigned his position as lead administrator." Alec says. "Anyhow, I may be mature when it comes to work, but I still know how to have fun."
I blush when his green eyes settle on me.
"Sounds good. Let's go check out the bowling alley then." I say and stand up. Anything to get out of the strange eye contact thing that Alec was doing to me. 
Everyone follows suit and we take the elevator to the fourth floor to check it out. I've never been bowling before but I've seen it done on television and in movies. It looks like fun. The elevator lets out in front of the pool area and my nose fills with that strong smell of chlorine. I look in the windows and notice it's extremely crowded today. I guess a lot of people are off this Sunday. 
We follow the hallway down until we hear the sounds of balls hitting pins and crowds cheering. Twenty lanes are lit up in neon colors. We go to check in at the registration booth where a skinny teenager with a liberal peppering of freckles on his face tells us that all of the lanes are full. He adds us to the waiting list without asking, which is running about an hour long. I look around to the others for suggestions. 
"We can wait," Alec says. "I don't mind." 
Everyone else shrugs so I take that as a sign to go and find a table. I find one near the back and take a seat. Everyone else follows except Alec who has been intercepted by someone playing the guess who game. Newly manicured French tip nails are attached to the long skinny fingers covering his eyes. 
"Guess who?" A girl calls out from behind him. I can't see her but when she lets out a hideous giggle I 'guess who' immediately. 
"Ugh! It's Candy." I sigh but remain in my seat. 
"Perhaps if we stay completely still and don't move an inch she won't see us." Claire says jokingly.
"I don't think she's worried about us seeing her. She seems to have her paws all over Alec." Connor laughs and watches the scene with pure amusement. 
Alec doesn't seem too happy to be temporarily blinded so he just removes the hands and turns around. "Oh, hey Candy." He says blandly.
"Hi ya Alec! What are you doing on this fine Sunday?" She says in a sort of southern drawl that sounds completely fake. 
"I'm hanging out with some friends." He looks back and gestures at us.
Crap, we've been spotted. I think to myself. 
"Those are your friends?" She asks with repulsion.
Alec surprises me when he says, "Yeah, you got a problem with that?" 
I hate to admit it but I love the shocked look Candy get's on her face. 
"Well, I was just thinking that since you finally had a day off you would want to hang out with me or the guys." She rubs her index finger down his chest in a gesture that makes me want to puke. 
To my delight, Alec removes her finger from his chest. "We don't really hang out anymore so I figured it was time to make some new friends." 
Her mouth drops open for the slightest second then she closes it abruptly. She makes some annoyingly high-pitched shrieking sound and turns on her heal to stomp off. 
Alec comes over to the table and looks at me curiously. "Wow, I haven't seen you smile like that, ever." 
I quickly wipe the expression off my face, not realizing what I was doing. 
"It looks good on you." He says and I look away shyly.
"So what was up with you and Barbie?" Connor asks.
"We went to school together. Her brother and I were on the same football team. That was back before we started predominantly doing our home schooling." Alec answers.
"Well it looked like she has the hots for you man." Connor playfully punches Alec on the shoulder.
"I guess so. We hung out a few times, but she's not really my type." Alec looks over to me ever so briefly and I feel a strange fluttering sensation in the pit of my stomach.
Claire looks over her shoulder and says, "Great, here comes her whole posse. Maybe we should just head out." 
"Good idea." I would like nothing better than to keep my distance from Candy and especially from her brother Zack. He gives me the creeps. 
We pass by them without saying anything. I feel Zack's stare as if it's burning my flesh but I look directly ahead and pretend that I don't see him. I do feel Alec stiffen ever so slightly next to me. I hadn't realized he was walking so close to me before then but I can tell that something put him on edge. 
The tension in our group doesn't relax until we are back in the hall. 
"So that idea seems to be botched. What's our next course of action?" 
"We could go to the library." I offer.
Connor and Claire look at me like I'm nuts but Alec says, "That sounds great. I've been wanting to check to see if there are any good books in there." 
I smile up at him. Alec continues to pleasantly surprise me. He's not the cold hard boss I thought he was. 
We head down a flight of stairs to the Library. When we walk through the double doors my eyes are immediately focused on the countless books lining the walls. All four of us waste no time diving into the shelves. Thankfully they’re categorized by subject area. 
“Hey guys,” I say. “Come check this out. There’s a whole section related to this mountain.” The bookcase is labeled with a sign stating: Local Selections. I pick a random book from the shelves and flip through it. Boring! All it has in it are blueprints to the sewage systems and a bunch of information that I couldn't care less about. Before I reshelf it, I look at the sewage map again. Something about it strikes a cord in my brain but I can't put my finger on it. I close it a moment later and move on to the other books. To my disappointment, I continually come across one boring instructional manual after another. Where's the murder mysteries or the science fiction? I look around at the other sections in the small library but don't see anything of interest. They range from indoor farming to, world history and the history of F.E.M.A. Not one single non-fiction book to be had in here. 
I huff my breath sending my hair billowing from my face. With my back against the wall, I slide to the floor in an act of defeat. In less than an hour we have ran through the only activities that this shelter has to offer. There's got to be something else to do in this place. Connor, Claire and Alec all shelve the books they were looking at and come sit at my side.
“I don’t know guys,” I start. “I’m not sure what I expected to find, but this stinks. There isn't any fiction and the one non-fiction section that could be interesting doesn't really contain anything about this mountain that's useful. I guess we will have to find some other place to pass the time. Something to keep our mind off…things.” 
Connor and Claire nod their heads in unison. 
Alec on the other hand seems lost in thought. 
“I mean, there’s got to be something fun to do here besides wallowing in self-pity or twiddling our thumbs. This place is huge. There must be some trouble to be had.” I furrow my brow in frustration. It’s really not like me to be looking for something that will get me in trouble, but hey, give me a little credit. I need something to help me unwind. These last few weeks have been completely crazy. I sort through the visual of the map in my head looking for another activity to enjoy in the shelter. Then it hits me. “Guys, I think I’ve got it!” 
Both Claire and Connor turn and look at me expectantly. Alec finally returns from 'lala' land and gives me his full attention. 
I get up quickly and find the book I had recently reshelved. “Here, look at this.” I open the manual on Sewage Systems and find the map. I lay it across the floor so we can all see. Taking my tablet out, I pull the general map up and set it by its side. I point my finger at the Sewage map. “You see here?” I ask excited that I've now figured out what struck that chord when I was staring at the map. “This is the map of the Sewage System. These tunnels run parallel to the halls, which I guess makes sense. If you look at the map of the facility that we use to make runs and this map simultaneously, you can see that these passageways not only connect to everything on the original map, but there are also some passageways leading to places that aren't named or mentioned. If you look really closely it looks like there is a whole other floor beneath the storage area." I look up from the map to see my friends staring at me like I'm nuts.
"You totally lost me." Connor says.
"Yep, me too. What exactly are you getting at?" Alec asks.
I laugh. It's hard sometimes for me to verbalize what my brain is processing so instead I put it in laymen’s terms. "Guys,” I say pause for dramatic effect. “I don’t think these are sewage tunnels per say; I think these are hidden passageways.” I look up to gauge their expressions. 
Claire has a curious gleam in her eye but Connor busts out laughing hysterically. 
"Secret passage ways!" I stare at him straight faced until he calms down. 
"Hey it could happen. I heard a rumor about a spring somewhere down there that feeds into the mountain. That's how our water is being pumped in. There must be some way down to it. What Willow says doesn't sound too far fetched." Alec looks to me and I show him a grateful smile. 
Connor's face turns a little red at having been shut down but he quickly gets over it. “Well, I guess there’s only one way to find out.” 
“Let’s go check it out,” Claire squeals. She gets up super-fast and reaches her hand out to me. I take it and she pulls me to my feet. She's got some good strength for a girl so small. 
Alec and Connor meet us on the upright and I reshelve the book. “Wait,” says Connor. “We’ll need that to know where we’re going.” He reaches for the book I’m shelving. 
I gently stop his hand. “Remember Connor? Photographic memory.” I point to my head for emphasis. 
A look of realization dawns on Alec's face. “So that’s how you do it.” 
We all break out in a laugh at Alec being clued in to how I manage to get my work done so quickly. The librarian turns around and yells at us to be quiet. I put my fingers over my lips and we slip out the door but not before the librarian gives us a dirty look.
 When we get into the hall Alec is the first to break the silence. "Guys, I'm not sure about this. It's labeled sewage system for a reason. We can't be crawling around in that stuff!" My eyes drop as I realize what he's saying. "But," Alec begins again with newfound hope. "I think I may know how we can still do this." All of us turn to Alec and give him our full attention. Alec pulls out his tablet and opens a map I hadn't seen before. "Perks of the job," he says answering my unasked question. 
Connor and Claire inch closer to Alec and me as he punches in different options on his tablet. He pulls up a map of the lower level and it expands into a more detailed translation; one I hadn't seen before. I take a mental picture of the gigantic space that takes up an entire level as Alec begins explaining. "This is where all the supplies are kept for the different jobs in the facility. The sanitation department has rubber boots and other gear that would allow us to go into these tunnels. I'm not sure what's down there but we should be ready for the unexpected if you ask me." 
We all nod our head in unison. 
"So," I pause trying to gather my thoughts. "Once we get down there, how will we know where the stuff is that we would need? I mean, it's got to be a pretty big area to take up an entire floor. And, what if we get caught? " 
A small smile escapes Alec's lips. "In answer to your questions Willow: a) I don't know how we'll know what stuff is where; and b) we won't get caught if no one sees us." A small gleam catches his eye as a mischievous grin escapes me. I guess that was confirmation enough for Alec that I'm game. He turns to Connor and Claire, "You guys in?" He asks simply. 
They look at each other and then nod their heads. We look like a bunch of Cheshire cats grinning the way we are. We've been working our butts off; now it's time to play. 
"Wait," Alec says. "Before we go, we've got to figure out what to do with the tablets." 
I furrow my brow. "What do you mean 'do with our tablets?' We take them with us of course." I say like it's the most obvious thing in the world. 
He lets out a small sigh. "Seriously, you haven't figured it out yet?" 
"Figured out what," Claire interjects. 
"Figured out that the tablets track your every move." Alec says. He continues, "Willow, how on earth did you think I would know that you help Claire and Connor when you run? Hmm?" He asks me. He doesn't wait for my response before he starts tapping into his tablet. A map pulls up of the facility with a bunch of red dots that are moving slowly across the screen. "Now, I only have access to the runners under my direction, but there's a large map in headquarters that has all of the residents of the entire facility being monitored simultaneously. Yeah, kind of creepy, I know." He puts his tablet back in his satchel that he carries and waits while we all brainstorm. 
Out of nowhere I hear this guttural laugh coming from Claire. We all stare at her like she's lost her mind. She puts her hands on her knees and continues to laugh for a moment longer until she settles down enough to speak. "Sorry," she says between breaths. "Okay, I think I have an idea." She looks around her to make sure the coast is clear then huddles closer. "So, Alec, you say that they track us by our tablets so we can't really leave them anywhere right? I mean, that would look pretty obvious if we sit in the same spot for several hours." Alec nods his head and she continues, "So what if I could guarantee that we'd leave them somewhere and they would move around throughout the day?" 
Alec furrows his brows, "I'm listening." 
"Okay," says Claire. "What if we found a way to tape them to the bottom of something that gets moved around all day." We all nod our heads waiting for the punch line. "So, I say we put them on the bottom of say, a maid cart, or the cafeteria tray carts?" 

Connor begins jumping, "Claire, that rocks!" He pulls her into an excited hug and keeps jumping. Claire's body stiffens and her hands remain at her sides. Connor must sense this because he stops mid bounce. He clears his throat. "Sorry 'bout that. Just got excited." He looks down at his foot and I try and stifle a small laugh. 
"So anyway," I say trying to change the subject. "Claire, I think you're onto something. Alec what do you think?" We all look to Alec for final approval. 
"I think it's go time." He says with a smile on his face. "Okay, so here's the plan. I'm going to go into the office and grab a roll of heavy-duty tape and meet you all back here. Then we'll each go our separate ways, tape up our tablets and then meet by the elevators in the commons area. Sound like a plan?" We all nod our heads in agreement. 
"Wait," I interject. "I mean, it sounds like a fail-safe plan, but how are we going to find our tablets when it's all said and done?" I hate to sound like a killjoy but it's a valid question. 
"Good question, Willow." Alec responds. "All I have to do is retrieve mine first and then I can pull up each of your tablets locations. Maid carts and tray carts don't move that fast; I'm pretty sure we can manage to track them down. We all good with that?" Alec asks everyone. 
"How are you going to find yours?" I ask.
He smiles at me. I feel a flutter in my stomach. "I'm going to be earning extra credit by working on my only day off. I'll just tape it to the underside of my desk." 
"Clever." Connor says.
We all nod our heads in unison. "Okay, hands in." Alec puts his hand out in the middle of the circle. We each stick our hands out and put them on top of the other. "Okay, on the count of three. One, two, three..." 
I'm not sure what we're supposed to do so I just stand there. We look at Alec a bit awkwardly, "Were we supposed to say something?" I ask Alec. 
He just rolls his eyes and removes his hand. "Oh, never mind. Let's meet back up in half an hour." We agree and disperse to find our secret hiding spots. 
****
Thirty minutes later we've stashed our tablets and are waiting by the elevator in the commons area; all of us except Claire that is. "I wonder what's taking her so long," I say tapping my foot. 
A few moments later Claire rounds the corner out of breath. "Sorry guys, the maid was trying to chase me down. She thought I was trying to steal her small shampoo bottles." 
I let out a short laugh and push the down button on the elevator. 
"Here goes nothing." I say to no one in particular. 
We all pile in and Alec pushes the button at the bottom labeled 'S'. The elevator doors close and we jerk at the motion. The ride down seems to take forever. I'm not sure if it's just a long way down or if the elevator is just slow. My ears begin to pop at our decent so I'm guessing it's the former. After a good minute the elevator settles and the door opens. We shuffle off and the doors close. 
Before us is a vast room at least ten stories high illuminated by dim track lighting. There are humongous wooden crates lined up for as far as the eye can see. Each crate is large enough to hold our entire group inside then some. I count four different rows in the warehouse and immediately feel our plan fizzle. How are we going to be able to find what we need? "There has to be over one hundred crates in here. There's just no way--" I begin. 
Claire cuts me off. "Well, there must be some organizational method or a map. They wouldn't just store crates like this where the contents are impossible to locate." Without another word Claire begins searching the area near the elevator doors. "Ah-ha," I hear her say from around the corner. "Found it!" 
We all shuffle around the corner to find a piece of paper haphazardly taped to the right of the elevator. There is a label for each crate briefly telling of the department for which they belong. Claire takes her finger and begins searching for Sanitation. Her finger stops on one of the sections at the far end of the warehouse. "Here," she says. "I wish we could take this map with us. It's going to be hard to find." 
"That would be my job," I say taking in a mental snapshot of the map. "Follow me." My friends pause and look at me questionably but once again I point to my head and without saying anything else they nod their heads.
It takes us a good five minutes to find the correct boxes. Not because they're hard for me to locate, but because of this area being so big. "If I'm right, they should be right...up...here." We stop in front of a stack of boxes. 
Alec finds a latch on the side of the box and pulls the boarded door down. It lands with a loud thump as he lets it drop the last few feet to the ground. We all freeze at the sound. It doesn't look like anyone's in here, but with as vast as this place is we can never be sure. A few moments pass as we listen for any footsteps or voices. I breathe a small sigh of relief and watch as small bits of wood dust settle on the floor. Alec is the first to step into the crate. He finds a string and pulls on it. A light clicks on the ceiling of the crate and illuminates its contents. Shelves have been built on either side of the crate holding different sized cardboard boxes. Thankfully, these boxes are labeled. We all pile into it and begin searching for things we may need. 
"I've got gloves," I hear Claire say. 
"Here's some boots," Alec says as he wrestles a box to the floor. 
"And here's some goggles?" Connor says like it's a question. "Not sure we'll need them but here they are," he says justifying his comment. 
"Oh, here's some waders." I read the label on the box out loud. 
We each drag our boxes out of the crate and open them together. I pull out several pairs of waders from mine and find they are a 'one size fits all,' which basically means I'll look like I'm drowning in them. Oh well, I think to myself. It's not like I'm going for fashionista of the month or anything. We pull out four of everything and then put away the boxes. 
I look through the items and find the boots. Those are also a 'one size fits all.' They look like clown shoes if you ask me. They are so big that they can fit over our tennis shoes.
"Sweet! Look what I found," Connor exclaims from inside the crate. He brings out a small box placing it at my feet. 
"What is it?" I ask. 
He pries it open and pulls out a-- clothespin? 
"Connor, why would we need clothespins? We have laundry facilities upstairs." 
Connor gives a small laugh and jumps up. He opens the clothespin and says, "So we don't have to smell the poo!" He opens the wooden pin and holds it over the bridge of his nose. "See," He says in a nasal voice before he lets go of the clothespin all together. "Ta-ahhh! Owww!" His eyes are watering as he quickly pulls it off his nose.
We break out in hysterical laughter as he rubs the bridge of his now-red schnozzle. He glares at us and says, "That freaking hurt!" He crosses his arms over his chest to show us his displeasure with our laughter.
"I say bring those pins along Connor. We can always use them as a weapon against the sewer rats!" Claire jokes and puts her arm around Connor in a playful, conciliatory gesture. He blushes. All of the frustration is gone from his expression and he just looks at Claire with big dopey, infatuated eyes. 
"Or the alligators. We can pin their mouths shut!" Alec jests. 
The sweet look on Connor's face gives way to an annoyed grimace. "Very funny guys."
Claire's laugh diffuses the tension and Connor eventually joins in with the rest of us. 
"Oh! There's still one more thing we need," says Claire. "Flashlights." We all give her a mmhmm and begin searching the contents. Thankfully, stuffed in the corner, there is a small box labeled flashlights. 
"Let's just hope they have batteries," I mumble to myself. 
We each grab a pair of gloves, waders, boots, goggles and a flashlight and start changing. Once I get mine on I turn to the others. I almost pee myself at the sight of them. I immediately begin laughing hysterically unable to control myself.
We look absolutely ridiculous. Our goggles are way too big for our face, and the waders in and of themselves are a sight to be seen with the way they hike up to our armpits and hang from suspenders. 
We gain control over ourselves and start closing things up, boots squeaking as we waddle about.
I feel like a penguin hobbling around with these clown shoes on. I stop mid stride, "Wait. Why exactly are we wearing all this gear now? Can't we take it off? At least the boots, until we get there?" I reach down and take off the boots leaving my shoes on underneath and the others follow suite. 
"Okay," Alec begins. "I guess we need to figure out where the sewer lines start, or at least where we can gain access to them." 
All three of them turn to look at me. "What?" I say. "Oh, yeah, photographic memory." As if I need to remind myself.
I look around at where we are. "Well, if memory serves me right, and it usually does, there's some sort of entrance a few feet to the left of the rear elevator. I'm not sure what kind of entrance it is, but it had the lines on the blueprint like it was a door of some sort." 
"Alright then, let’s get this show on the road," Connor says with a little too much enthusiasm. 
It doesn't take us long before we can see the elevator shaft about twenty feet ahead of us. Claire stops suddenly and holds out her hand to quiet us, not that we were making much noise in the first place. "Do you hear that?" Claire whispers. 
We all stop and look around listening to the silence. Then I hear it, a small clanking sound coming from the direction of the elevators. 
"We need to hide, and fast," Alec whispers in a panic. He ushers us all in behind a large grouping of boxes near the rear wall. We get as far back as we can and kneel on the ground. We are all huddled close together. 
I'm leaning against Alec and my nose is so close to his neck that I can smell his aftershave. It smells like mint and spices. Alec holds his finger up to his lips to quiet us. 
I notice that the boxes are all labeled with the number three. I cringe, hoping that the odd number isn't some sort of omen. My heart starts pounding and I pray that I don't have another one of those panic attacks.
We hear the sound of the elevator coming to a stop and the doors open. Instantly I hear Candy’s trademark laugh as her and her minions step off the elevator. I squeeze back further into our corner trying to become one with the box behind us. 
Alec must sense my anxiousness because I feel his hand enclose mine. I freeze not knowing what to do. Heat rushes to my cheeks. I've never really held a boys hand before, at least not a boy that I'm not related to. It feels comfortable and safe. It also feels--I don't know, different. 
I'm pulled back to the situation at hand when I hear several pairs of footsteps staggering around on the hard cement floor. "Dude, she is totally wasted," a male voice says. 
"I ammm not," I hear Candy say accenting the 't'. She sounds completely out of it, drunk even. I hear a heavy thud on the floor and one of the people mutters a slew of cuss words. 
"Help her up man, she keeps falling." This guy doesn't sound that sober either. Their steps move closer to where we are and I try and scoot back more in hopes of becoming invisible. I feel Alec's arms wrap around me. My heart flutters but for a different reason this time. He's the only thing keeping me grounded right now. With the way things are sounding out there, God only knows what would happen if they found us. They seem pretty wasted, but I have no doubt that Candy will tattle on us in an instant. Not that they should be down here in the first place, but who would get in trouble in that situation, the rich kids or us?
"Did you find the--stuff?" Candy asks slurring the words together. She lets out a loud laugh and I cringe. 
"Oh man, she is so out of it," one of the guys says. "Here you take her so I can try and find the box." The footsteps stop only a few feet from us. I can see them clearly now and hold my breath. If they were to turn around, we would be spotted for sure. There are three of them: Candy, Zack, and some other guy who is holding Candy up. I don't know his name, but I remember seeing him before in Zack's room. 
The guy hands Candy over to Zack who has to stagger back a few steps as he adjusts to the added weight of his sister. "Hurry up man; she's getting heavy." 
The guy holds his tablet and presses a few buttons. "K, it says medical supplies should be on the next row, about four boxes down. It'll have a red cross label on the side." Zack repositions Candy and they begin walking away. 
I listen to their heavy footsteps as they move further and further away. I suddenly feel light headed and realize I hadn't breathed. I let out a swoosh of breath, feeling remarkably safer now that they aren't so close. 
"I'm going to see if the coast is clear," Alec whispers a minute later. "Just stay here." Alec squeezes my shoulders and gets up from behind me. The sudden loss of his touch makes me feel cold. He was the only thing keeping me from going into panic mode. 

I watch as Alec peeks around the corner. He stays there for a moment then comes back towards us. "Okay, they're far enough away now that they won’t be able to see us if we're quiet. Let's just go quickly so they don't find out we're here." Alec tells us in a hushed whisper. We all nod our heads and slowly get up. Alec goes to the corner again and makes sure the coast is still clear. 
He ushers us forward with his hand and leads us out into the open. I walk quickly and quietly feeling utterly exposed. I really don't want to find out what would happen if they saw us or what type of reprimand we would receive if we get caught down here. 

We manage to get past the elevators and to the area where the blueprints said a door should be. I don't find a door but I do find a large metal grate located on the back wall just feet from where I'm standing. I quietly walk towards it pointing to it so the others will see. This has to be it! It's about four feet in diameter so it's definitely large enough for the normal human to move through it. I run my fingers along the edges of the grate trying to find a way to open it. Disappointment elopes me as I figure out you'd need a screwdriver to get it open. I put my head in my hand frustrated with the situation. We got this far only to be stopped by a few simple screws. 
I feel a tap on my shoulder and look back to find Connor standing there holding out a swiss-army-knife. He whispers, "May I?" 
I nod my head and smile as he goes to work. He works quickly and quietly handing me each screw as he takes them out. Two minutes and eight screws later, Connor starts to remove the grate. It makes a small scraping sound. He immediately stops and we listen to see if they heard us. We breathe a sigh of relief when we hear no sign of Candy or her minions. 
With the exception of a few more squeaks, Connor manages to shimmy the grate off fairly quietly. The crawl space is large enough to crawl through comfortably so I silently volunteer to go first. I put on my boots and get on my hands and knees. I crawl in awkwardly and the others follow behind. 
The concrete tubes are cold and hard against my knees. I move forward far enough to allow everyone room to get inside and then I wait. Connor is the last to crawl in. After he's inside he grabs the grate off the floor and sets it up against the wall. It makes a small thud and I inwardly cringe. Connor snaps around and waves his hand for me to hurry up and go. I crawl through the shaft as quickly as I can. The further we move away from the opening the darker the tunnels get. We don't want to chance turning on the flashlights just yet so I move along through the dark, using nothing but my memory as a guide. Soon I come up on a turn and am grateful, as I know it will give us the cover we so desperately need. 
Once we're all huddled together around the corner I call them in together for a quick meeting. Connor turns on a flashlight from the back and illuminates our group. My eyes feel a bit blinded by the white light but it's nice not to be wrapped in absolute darkness. "Okay, so right now we're in a shaft that leads to the sewers. There's going to be a lot of twists and turns and uphill/downhill climbs before we're going to get there. Just stay with me okay? I know exactly where I'm going." I nod my head and turn back around not waiting for confirmation from my friends. The last thing I need is someone to doubt me, which could make me doubt myself. Lord only knows where we'd end up then. 
Crawling around in the tunnels makes for an interesting challenge. The light from the flashlight bounces up and down against the concrete walls with Connor's movements. I don't know how he's holding it while crawling, but I'm grateful for the light even though it's bouncing all over the place. With all the gear on we end up squeaking and making all kinds of racket. My knees and hands are sore from bearing the weight of my body. Thankfully we don't have much further to go. We round the last uphill turn and almost run smack dab into a large metal plate. "Well, I guess this is it," I say. We are finally in a spot that gives us all standing room so we slowly get up. If I didn't know better, I'd say you could hear the creaking of our knees as we stood.
Alec looks at me bewildered. "I still can't believe you just did that from memory. I wouldn't have been able to do that in a thousand years!" I give him a small laugh. 
"Seriously, Willow. You really do rock," Connor says. Claire gives an agreeing smile and inwardly, I feel like a million bucks. 
"Okay, so I guess we'd better get ready. This is probably going to be pretty nasty." We all pull our goggles on and Connor moves up to the front to help get the metal plate off. Alec moves past me to help Connor who hands Claire the flashlight. She points it at them. Connor's knife comes in handy again as he pulls out more screws. He sets them on the ground and he and Alec start moving the plate away. 
My eyes transfix on Alec's arms as the strain of the heavy plate becomes apparent. His muscles tense as they work to lower it to the ground. I didn't realize how muscular and strong Alec was.
"Willow." Alec calls my name. 
I immediately snap out of my trance and feel embarrassed. They've set the plate on the floor and he's motioning for me to lead us again. I wonder if he noticed me staring. I clear my throat. "Okay, let’s move." I inwardly laugh as my voice sounds flustered. 
We have to crouch to walk through the opening but we get to stand back up on the other side. I look around and notice that we are standing on a large platform. 
Claire moves to the ledge and illuminates the nine-foot drop down to the sewer tunnel with her flashlight. 
Without hesitation, Alec jumps down gracefully followed by Connor. 
Claire and I inch up towards the edge. Both of us take our goggles off to get a better view. "Isn't there a ladder or something," I say to no one in particular. Alec comes towards me and reaches out his hands. "Here, I'll catch you. Just jump." 
I stare at him blankly. "Just jump?" Ha, it's that easy. 
He pulls his goggles off too and then nods his head. 
I can't believe I'm going to do this. I squeeze my eyes shut and take the plunge. I feel a slight free-fall feeling in my stomach before a pair of hands wrap around my waist. My fall is broken and I'm lowered slowly to the ground. I open my eyes to find Alec's hands still around my waist. "You okay?" he asks. 
I nod my head, afraid to talk for fear my voice might break. Butterflies are dancing in my stomach and my pulse is speeding up. I imagine that I can feel the warmth of his hands around my waist but logically I know that it's impossible for his body heat to transfer through the thick rubber lining of my waders. 
We stare at each other for a second and then, Alec wakes up from whatever trance he was in. He removes his hands from my waist. 
I clear my throat and turn away from Alec so he doesn't see the red flushing my face. I watch as Connor helps Claire down in the same way. I can see the baby pink blush fill her cheeks from having physical contact with Connor. The tunnel is fixated with a slight awkwardness that runs thick in the air. 
I grab my flashlight out and turn it on. Connor picks his up from the ground too. We look around at the 'sewage tunnel' in front of us and stare at it for a few seconds realizing that this tunnel is missing one thing: sewage. Back home when I was younger, I would go to the sewage tunnels near the creek by our house. They were about the size of the ones we're in right now, but that's where the similarities stop. The ones by my house always had dirty water running out from somewhere. They also had this distinct smell that would intensify the further in you went. This tunnel just smells slightly musty, like nothing really. 
I look to the others who seem just as confused as I am. "This isn't like any sewer I've ever seen," I say aloud. The others furrow their brows and nod in agreement. 
"Maybe if we walk further in, things will start to change," says Alec. Leave it to Alec to make sense of a confusing situation. 
"Well, Willow, lead the way," Claire says ushering me forward.
Girls in the front and guys in the back; that's how we walk down the long, never-ending tunnel. Strangely, the scenery never changes; it's just cement tunnels, clean as a whistle. I keep listening for dripping water, or some sounds that a typical sewer would make, but come up short. No rats, no sewage, nothing. 
As we walk, Claire leans in and whispers to me, "I think he likes you." 
I nervously peak behind me to make sure the guys didn't hear. "Who?" I ask her. 
She gets a mischievous grin on her face. "Alec, that's who. Don't tell me you haven't noticed." 
I gawk at her. "Uh, no he doesn't. Besides, I see how Connor looks at you. Now, he's the one that's got it bad!" She smacks me on the shoulder playfully and we giggle. 
I turn back to look at the guys and find that we have definitely sparked their attention. 
"Something funny ladies?" Alec calls from behind us. 
We try and stifle our laughs. "Nope, we're good." I call back to him. Claire elbows me in the arm and I return the favor. 
We walk for another ten minutes or so. Claire and I tease each other back and forth, "Does too." "Does not." The guys just roll their eyes at us. 
Claire stops suddenly, staring ahead like a deer caught in headlights, not moving. "Do you hear that?" 
We all look around exchanging glances of confusion. "Are you hearing things again Claire?" I jab at her. 
She doesn't blink an eye. "No, listen. It's like water rippling or dripping; I'm not sure which. Don't you hear it?" 
I look to the guys. We shake our heads in unison. "Uh, no Claire, we don't hear anything." 
We walk a few yards forward and then the faint sound of something ahead penetrates my ears. Like Claire said, it sounds like water dripping. 
"I hear it now," I say. We make our steps lighter as we edge closer to the source of the noise. 
It seems dimmer all of a sudden and I look up to see that Connor's flashlight went out. "Good thing we brought extra batteries," He says. 
I shine my light on Connor as he digs through his bag to get more batteries. I stifle a chuckle at Connor's appearance. He looks goofy since he's the only one still wearing the goggles. 
Alec moves to pull out his flashlight but I say, "No, lets save the other two flashlights for later. Obviously they kill batteries quickly so we should have backups." 
Alec nods. 
Connor's light flickers back on as he snaps the battery cover back in place. We start moving again. This time Alec is by my side as we walk. The further we go the louder the dripping sound becomes. In fact it doesn't sound like just one drip but several drips of water hitting different surfaces. If you listen just right and open your imagination up you can nearly hear a melody playing out by the inconsistent drips. 
We keep walking and I realize that I'm no longer leading us by my memory because the recorded map of the tunnels has already ended. I wonder why the map stopped if the tunnels keep going. I can tell we are moving uphill by the burn and strain my calves are feeling. The dripping sound starts to get muffled as we move upwards. We walk higher up for a few more minutes until our flashlights hit a brick wall up ahead.
"Ah, lame!" Connor calls back from behind us. He rips off his goggles and throws them on the ground. 
Disappointment washes over me as I stare at the brick and mortar that blocks our path signaling the end of our journey. 
"Hey, it's okay. This was still fun." Alec rubs his hand on my back in a comforting gesture.
I look up at him and realize that we are standing only a breath apart. Alec looks radiant in the dim light and I can see that he really means what he said. He did have fun. I still feel let down that we didn't find something amazing in here but I have to admit that the sense of adventure was still worth it. It was something to do and I got to do it with Alec; a guy I probably never would have hung out with in another life. 
"Yeah, it was fun." I say in a whisper as I stare up at his glowing green eyes that seem to be pulling me hypnotically toward him. 
"Ahum!" Connor clears his throat loud enough to break my daze. We turn in his direction to see him standing over Claire who has her ear pressed to the ground.
When we walk back over to them she sits up and says, "It's down there. Listen." She puts her ear back to the ground and we all get down following suit. 
I groan when I move to my knees. It feels like they are covered in a thousand bruises. 
"Shh!" Claire says.
I put my hands up and whisper, "sorry." 
"Listen." She gestures for me to put my ear to the ground. I comply this time and I hear the dripping sound. We are right above it! I look up at her with wide eyes. 
"How can we get down there?" Alec sits up and asks. 
"I don't know but there has to be a way. Let's retrace our steps." We all get up. This time we pull out all four flashlights and bounce them all around the tunnel walls as we walk slowly.
"Got it!" Alec calls out a minute later. I run a few feet ahead to where he is. His flashlight is illuminating a circular metal grate on the floor. It's less than three feet in diameter. We must have walked right past it earlier. We can hear the dripping much clearer from the holes in it. 
"Hey Connor, want to give me a hand with this?" Alec asks. 
Connor runs up and sees what we’re looking at. "Score!" He says with excitement. He pulls out his knife yet again and starts working on the screws. This grate takes a while longer to pry loose. He has to pull out over twenty screws. Once they are all out both he and Alec work to remove the cover. 
We all stand shoulder to shoulder around the now open hole in the ground. We shine our flashlights down into the pit and find another nine-foot drop to a new tunnel. We look back up at each other and silently ask the question of who should go first. Connor volunteers by raising his hand and waiving it around excitedly.
"Wait, if we drop down there, how are we going to get back up?" I ask. 
"Good question," Alec answers. "I think we need to plan this through a bit better. Plus, I think it has to be getting close to dinner time."
My stomach growls loudly in response to the thought of dinner. We got so caught up in what we were doing that we didn't even stop to eat our granola bars. 
Claire nods her head in agreement. "I think that's wise. We should head back and perhaps try again next Sunday..." She looks up at Alec and asks, "Wait, do you think we will get another day off together next Sunday?" 
Alec smiles and says, "I schedule the time off so I don't see why not." We all smile at his answer. 
"We could probably find some sort of make shift ladder to bring with us next time." I add.
Connor looks really disappointed but then says, "I guess if we are all going to be sensible then we ought to head back." He places the metal grate over the hole but leaves the screws off. Hopefully nobody will come down here and find it tampered with. For good measure he puts the screws in his pockets so they aren't as noticeable. 
We turn and start heading back the way we came. Claire calls out, "Wait!" We all turn back to her. She's still standing by the grate and I'm wondering if she changed her mind about taking on this adventure later. She grins really big and pulls at her giant rubber waders. "I say we leave these here. Just in case we need them next time." 
We all start laughing as if we all just remembered how ridiculous we look. "Good idea Claire bear." Connor says. We all stop laughing just long enough to give him a strange look over his new found nick name for Claire. I look over to see her icy blue eyes smiling up at him. I guess she likes it. 
I'm the first to start stripping off all the unnecessary gear. "Yep, no use in bringing all this back with us." Alec stares at me and I suddenly feel self-conscious taking off the rubber wader pants. I have my scrubs on below it but it still seems a little weird. He recognizes that I must feel awkward because he averts his eyes and then starts taking off his gear. 
A few minutes later we have a giant pile of gear, minus the flashlights, stacked in a neat pile. "We should probably hide this stuff. I mean, I'm not sure how often people come down here but there's no reason to raise a red flag." 
"Yeah that sounds good." Alec says. He and Connor pull the grate off again. We shove our stuff clumsily down the hole then re-cover it again. 
"Let's go." I lead them out of the tunnels. We get stuck at the platform where we jumped from earlier. I guess we should have thought of the same how are we going to get back up plan before we made this jump.. 
We shine our lights around looking for something to aid us in climbing up. I know the guys can lift us up but how are they going to get up there. 
After finding nada, we decide that Connor will give Alec a boost up and then he will go in search of a rope. Connor gets down on all fours and Alec steps onto his back like he's a human step stool. Connor lets out a grunt as Alec's weight hits him. Alec still has to jump even with the boost Connor gave him. He jumps, then quickly grabs a hold of the ledge and slowly starts pulling himself up. For a second he struggles and I wonder if he's going to fall but eventually he makes his way up. 
"I'll be right back." He says mostly to me once he's safely on the platform. He leaves and we wait. 
Thirty minutes passes by as we twiddle our thumbs at the bottom of the platform. "I should have gone with him." I say. "I don't know if he will remember his way back or not." 
"I'm sure he’ll be fine." Connor says. He pulls out one of the granola bars we packed and opens it up. We all take a small piece of it and chow down gratefully. My stomach still feels hungry. 
Two more granola bars and another thirty minutes later Alec still hasn't returned. Both Claire and Connor are sitting on the floor leaning against the platform wall. They look on the verge of falling asleep. I pace back and forth as a worrisome nausea grows in my stomach. I think of the possibilities of Alec being lost out there. Or worse, maybe he got caught. 
"I need to go." I look at Connor who is nodding off. "Help me up." I shake his arm to wake him.
"Huh?" He says then clears his vision. 
"Help me up." I say pointing to the top of the platform. "I'm going to go find him." 
"Um, okay." He stands up slowly. I guess today's adventure took a lot of energy out of him. Or it could be the lack of protein. "How do you want to do this? Do you want to stand on my back like Alec did or do you want to get on my shoulders?" 
I gauge the nine-foot distance and try to remember my tree climbing skills from way back in the day. I'm not sure if I have enough upper body strength so I opt for the shoulders. 
"Okay then." He leans down really low to the ground. "You stand on my shoulders and then slowly I will raise you up. Just stay close to the wall and use it to balance yourself." 
"Okay." I say nervously as I stand on his shoulders. I'm a little more than a foot off the ground and he hasn't even started to stand yet. I'm already feeling wobbly. "Just go slowly please." 
He complies and moves slowly off his knees. He inches up to where he's halfway standing. "Can you grab the ledge?" He asks through grunted teeth as my hand gets closer to the top. 
"Almost there." Claire calls in support from behind me. 
The ledge is just above me so I inch up on my tippy toes and grab ahold of it. Connor stumbles in that second and I start to wobble. "Crap!" I feel like I'm about to fall so I make a last ditch effort to grab at the ledge that is now just above me. I miss and start falling sideways slightly. Connor's hands grip onto my feet and it slows my fall for a second but then gravity takes its ultimate toll and pulls me down to the cold hard concrete with Connor on my tail. It feels like slow motion as I reach my left arm out in front of me to break my fall. No use, it snaps under the weight of my body. I feel my ankle twisting as Connor falls awkwardly on top of me and it all ends with a teeth chattering slam of my head into the concrete. Stars burst in my eyes and the air is knocked out of me as the world goes black. 
"Willow!" I hear my name being called over and over again through the thick fog. I ignore it because this darkness is a comforting bliss. "Willow!" They call again. With each call of my name I feel more and more pain. It starts with a light prickle in my ankle, then moves to a radiating pain in my skull. When the fire comes and washes over my arm, it comes with a high pitch wailing sound. The cry calls out to me over and over until I open my eyes to find Connor and Claire leaning over me. 
"Oh my gosh, Willow, are you okay? Speak to me!" Claire runs to my side. 
I try to answer her over the loud moans in the background and it's not until I reach for my voice that I realize the cries are coming from inside me. My arm is still twisted in the wrong angle and I can see from the horror in her eyes that it must look as bad as it feels. 
Tears are flowing freely down my face and I feel the sweat breaking out on my forehead as I become more and more conscious of my injuries. "It hurts." I cry. A thousand shooting stars fly across my vision as I try to move my arm to my side. I wail again in pain.
"We have to help her." Claire calls to Connor who looks like he's frozen in place. Not knowing what to do. 
I writhe around on the ground crying out. My head feels like it's going to explode with every movement I make. An intense nausea makes my stomach roll.
"What the?!" I hear someone land on the ground next to me and then those green eyes are staring at me full of concern. He pushes the sweat-drenched hair from my face. "What happened?" He calls back to the others but doesn't move his eyes from mine. 
I lock onto those eyes and imagine that somehow they can heal me, take the pain away from me. 
"She fell." Claire cries hysterically.
He looks down at me, worry and fear display on his expression as he reads the pain in my eyes, the pain in my cries. "I'm going to get you help, Willow." He turns to look at Connor who is still frozen. In the absence of those green eyes I feel the pain again. I cry out and he flinches. "Look Connor, you need to help Claire up first." He addresses Claire. "Claire, you let down the ladder I brought and Connor and I will hoist Willow up."
"Okay." She says panicked. They move away from us to start going to work. A few minutes later her flashlight is beaming down at us from above.
Alec's eyes return to me and I feel that peace again, that reprieve from pain. Even though it's probably psychological I hold onto it. He strokes my hair back comfortingly. "I'm going to have to move you now. It's going to hurt, but I have to get you out of here." He says. 
I nod and continue to stare at him through my blurred eyes. His emerald eyes look kind of like a water painting to me through all of the tears. 
"Okay Connor, come help me." He calls out. 
A second later Connor's at my side. "I'm so sorry Willow, I'm so sorry." He sounds so sad and pitiful but I don't look at him. I just focus on Alec's eyes to get me through. "Is o-ka-y." I grunt out. 
"We need to move now Connor. She needs to get to the clinic quickly. You climb up. I'm going to hand her off to you at the top." Alec says. 
"Yes." Connor hastily leaves my side and climbs the ladder. Alec looks back into my eyes and says, "Do you think you can hold onto me with your right arm?" 
I think about it for a second which makes my head hurt. It feels like I'm swimming through fog but eventually I agree. He nods then hoists me up into his arms. I cry out in pain and he flinches. "I'm sorry, you are going to be okay babe." 
I don't think anything of the intimate reference, my brain is not working right anyhow. It's turning to mush as the shooting stars play across my vision. 
Alec stands up holding me cradled to his chest. I put my right arm around him. "I know it hurts but you need to hang on okay? Don't close your eyes." 
My eyelids flutter and I feel like closing them. 
He jostles me a little which sends the pain shooting back up my left arm and down in my leg. "Can you do that for me?" He asks intently.
"Yes." I say in a throaty voice that doesn't sound like mine. He starts to climb. He uses only one arm and in the other he carries me. It takes him a while to move up a few rungs in the ladder. In fact due to the pain I'm writhing in, those few moments seem like an eternity. My right arm starts losing its grip as my body starts to shut down, blacking out from the pain again. 
"No, you need to stay awake. I need your help Willow!" He calls loudly into my ear. It startles me and I work to pull myself away from the blackness. I tighten my one armed grip on him again. He moves up a few more rungs and then I feel myself being hoisted up onto the platform by Connor. Alec pulls himself up a minute later and then takes me in his arms once again. This time he doesn't ask me to hold on. I sink my head into his chest and I let the blackness take me off to a land that has no pain. 
CHAPTER 7 (Forty-two days inside.)

The steady rhythm of beeps pulls me out of a drug-induced sleep. I see the light behind my eyelids before I open them. My eyes cringe as I slowly squint more and more. The stark white walls make me feel cold and I shiver. My head feels thick and heavy.
"Honey." My dad is at my side in an instant pushing my unruly curls out of my face. 
I try to process everything through my brain as I notice the sterile medical equipment and the monitors. I look down at my right arm where there is an IV sticking out my hand. I try to move but it hurts. 
"Don't push it. Just rest honey, you're safe." My dad says. I turn towards his voice and find him in a yellow hospital outfit complete with a clear face mask. I try blinking my eyes a few times to clear the cobwebs. 
My left arm is throbbing and I look down to find a bright white cast covering the lower half of it. It's held up in a navy blue sling. My left leg is elevated in another sling above the bed. It looks like half my body is broken. Everything starts flooding back.
 "Where am I?" I say in a dry throaty voice that cracks half way through. My dad grabs a cup with a straw from a metal tray table next to me. He puts it up to my lips and I greedily take in the thirst quenching water. It feels luxurious as it slides down my sandpaper dry throat. I look up at my dad waiting for an explanation. 
"You're in the hospital honey. Don't you remember what happened?" He asks me worriedly. 
I do and my heart starts to beat as I wonder what kind of trouble we are in. Did they find out where we were? I opt to play dumb so I shake my head. 
"Your friends said that you were trying to climb some cement steps behind the pool area and slipped. Had a pretty nasty fall. It’s a wonder you didn’t break more bones.” 
Yes, lucky indeed, I think to myself. It’s not like I like the fact that my friends told my dad a bold face lie but what other choice did they have? It still doesn’t explain why my dad is dressed the way he is. How would I be contagious if I just broke some bones?
“What time is it?” I ask, my head pounds with each word I spit out. 
My dad furrows his brow then a look of understanding passes over him. “Time, you ask?” 
I nod my head. 
 “Well…” He glances at his watch. “It’s five till six.” 
“In the morning?” I ask. 
My dad nods his head in confirmation. In that moment I begin to notice, behind his mask, the purple bags that have formed under his eyes as well as his ‘way beyond five o’clock shadow’ growing on his face. 
“Wow, I didn’t realize I’d been out for that many hours.” I say. It doesn’t seem like any time has passed really. 
“Hours?” my dad questions. “Honey, you’ve been out for days…four to be exact.” 
“Four days!” My voice cracks at the attempt of yelling. My dad simply nods his head. I lay my head back on the pillow trying to let this sink in and groan from the pain that radiates through my skull. I reach my hand back to rub the spot that hurts the worse and feel a goose egg sized knot there. Yikes, I really must have slammed it into the ground. It's a wonder I don't have amnesia or something worse.
"Do you feel okay, would you like me to get the nurse?" He hovers over me for a second until I wave him off. 
"Well I feel like I got hit by a semi truck, but I don't need the nurse. I was just surprised that four days went by without my knowing it." 
"Yes, I was so scared Willow. The doctors assured me that you would be okay, but still." His face grows serious. "You have to be more careful. I couldn't handle it if I lost you too." His eyes start to tear up and mine begin mimicking his.
“So dad, why are you wearing all that getup? It’s not like breaking bones is contagious or anything.” My dad lets out a small laugh, apparently relieved that I changed the subject.
“Well, with all the scrapes you got when you fell, you contracted something called MRSA.” 
I give him a confused look. "What's MRSA?" 
"MRSA is a type of staph infection you can get from having multiple abrasions." He doesn’t wait for me to respond before he goes on. “They did a routine test when you went in for surgery for your arm. You broke it in two places. The test came back positive for MRSA, that’s why you’re hooked up to an IV right now. For the antibiotics, and also the pain medicine. Because they caught it early, they are hoping they can kill the MRSA in a few weeks or so. Now your bones are going to take a bit longer to heal.” I just stare at my dad trying to let it all sink in, multiple broken bones and MRSA. He must realize how I'm feeling because his face lightens up and he changes the subject. “So, now that you’re up, there’s been something I’ve wanted to ask you.” 
I wipe at my eyes with my one good hand and look at him. 
“Who’s Alec?” 
The mention of his name makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. “Alec?” I question, my voice cracking, even though I know darn well who he’s talking about. 
“Mmmhmm,” my dad says. I look at him with a semi-confused expression so he continues. “The reason I ask is that he seems to be mighty concerned about your wellbeing. And when I say mighty concerned, I mean almost territorial. He’s been up here visiting during all his free time.” 
I know I’m blushing, I can feel it. “Alec’s just a friend dad. A friend from work,” I stutter. Woot, ten points to Willow for a quick comeback answer! I don’t know why, but it feels weird talking to my dad about Alec. Even more bizarre to hear his name come from my dad's lips. We've never really had 'the talk' or any conversation related to boys. I mean when you're holed up inside a house with your family for the first part of your high school career, there really isn't a need. 
“So, he’s just a friend…from work,” my dad questions again. 
“Dad,” I say trying to feign annoyance. 
He raises his hands in an act of innocence and sits back down. 
As if on cue someone raps softly against the door. I half expect to find the nurse coming in to give me meds or something but my mouth drops open at the sight of Alec, at six in the morning. Now I see what my dad is talking about when he extenuated the word all before, as in all his free time. 
My heart starts fluttering when he looks my direction. Swoon! Is it just my imagination, but does Alec look exceptionally hot this morning, even through the ridiculous mask? He has some stubble growing on his chin, which makes him look a little older than seventeen. He's wearing dark green scrubs that make his emerald eyes stand out. He looks happy to see me but worried at the same time. 
“Alec,” I begin, not sure what to say. 
Instead of saying anything to me he acknowledges my father first. “Hello Mr. Mosby. It’s good to see you again.” 
My dad cracks a smile, “Indeed.” An awkward pause follows as my dad looks to Alec, back to me and back at Alec again. “Oh, right. I’m going to get a cup of coffee. Can I get either of you anything?” My dad asks rubbing his hands on his pants. 
Alec and I shake our heads. 
“Okay then,” my dad says getting up from his chair. He steps into the hallway and turns back towards me. “I’ll be out here if you need anything,” he says leaving the door slightly ajar. He peaks his head back in a second later, “Anything at all.”
“Thanks dad,” I say waving goodbye to him. The door never meets the hinge, I’m guessing my dad meant for it not to. Awkward. 
Alec crosses the room towards me and puts his hands in his pockets. “So,” he says while balancing back on his heels. “I’m glad to see you up, I mean not up, awake is what I meant,” he stammers. 
His response cracks me up. I’ve never seen him so flustered, it's kind of endearing. “Hey,” I say reaching for his arm. “It’s all good. Look, I’m fine. Just a little banged up is all. And, I have you to thank.” I drop my eyes, and my hand realizing how intimate my voice just sounded. My cheeks turn an unnatural shade of red. I'm not sure at what point things got awkward between us, but the tension is so thick you could cut it with a knife. 
 “I would say you are a lot more than a little banged up." He scans my many casts and slings then adds, "I was really freaked out!" His eyes show more worry then they lighten up and he stares down at my lips. "I’m just glad you’re okay, that’s all.” 
We stare at each other for several seconds somehow speaking unnecessary words with our eyes. My heart begins fluttering as Alec leans in like he wants to kiss my cheek. Could he be aiming at my lips? I've never kissed a boy and my heart goes wild with the thought. The only thing separating us is a foot of air and that stupid mask.
My dad peaks his head in the door at the same instant and Alec launches himself away from the bed. 
“Oh, hey dad,” I say with an unnaturally high pitched voice. I don’t even have time to process what just happened. 
“Alec, Willow,” my dad says curtly before sitting back down in his appointed seat with his newly filled cup of coffee. “Oh, don’t mind me you two, just pretend I’m not here.” 
Oh. My. Gosh. If I could crawl in a hole right now I so would. My cheeks are filled with an intense heat.
“So,” Alec interjects looking all too calm. “Don’t worry about work; looks like you’ll be needing to take it easy for a while. But hey, if you feel like you’re up for doing something but can’t be a runner yet, I could really use some help in the office. You know, filing papers and that sort of thing.” Alec swallows hard and I can tell he’s trying to keep his cool. 
My dad takes a loud slurp of his coffee and turns the page of a magazine. “Oh wow, look at that. There’s a quiz here on how to keep a boyfriend. Yep, I’m gonna have to take that one.” 
I try and stifle a laugh. I think this is my dad’s way of saying visiting hours are over. 
As if on cue, Alec looks at his wrist, where a watch would go if he had one. “Would you look at that, I’ve got to get to work,” he says. “I guess I’ll be seeing you around Willow.” He asks it in a more question type of statement.
“Yeah, that sounds good. Thanks for stopping by; it means a lot. Tell Connor and Claire I’m doing fine, okay?” 
“Will do,” he says. 
“Have a good day Mr. Mosby.” Alec turns on his heel and walks out the door.
Chapter 8 (Sixty-three days inside)

Alec, Connor and Claire visit me often during the next three weeks. The doctors said I have to stay in the hospital until the last of my surgeries are completed. The MRSA was gone by the two week mark. They've already done two minor surgeries on my arm since I broke it in several different places. They have a final surgery scheduled later this week to finish their repair work. 
My leg is healing up. It turns out it was just a major sprain, no broken bones. They've done a few CT scans of my head and said that there's no damage there. The doctor made a joke about me having a very nice brain and I laughed accordingly even though it kind of creeped me out. I really don't like hospitals or all of these scans, tests and surgeries. They make me feel too vulnerable and weak. 
The plus side of my stay is that every day before work and after work Alec comes to see me. It drives my dad insane but makes me smile. Connor and Claire come several times a week too, always together. Connor always brings a deck of cards to entertain. One time, when I had all three of them here, we had a ridiculous competition to see who could eat the most pudding cups in under a minute. Connor won by two. The nurse came in a few seconds later and got to see the aftermath. Needless to say I am now limited to two visitors at a time and my pudding privileges have been revoked. 
My dad was given a small reprieve from work when I first injured myself, but he had to go back after the first week. So most days it’s just me, the television which only plays old re-runs, the remote control, and a nice stack of schoolwork. I am so sick of soap opera reruns that I could scream. 
When the day finally comes for my release I nearly hop out of the bed. “Now, don’t you be jostling your arm around like that, you hear? Or you’ll be back here faster than a drunken girl in stilettoes.” I let out a nasally laugh. My nurse has got to be one of the funniest ladies I’ve ever met. She gives me bottle of pain pills and my discharge orders. The orders state that I need to stay off my leg as much as possible and that I can't return to normal work duties for another three weeks.
I get home about ten minutes later after hobbling most of the way. It only takes twenty more minutes for me to realize that I can’t stay in here for another three weeks. I’ll go insane. 
Alec made sure to remind me on every visit that his offer still stood to help him in the office when I got out. I pull out my tablet and do a quick one finger text to my dad telling him that I’m going in to work. He doesn't like the idea and makes sure to voice his opinion in all caps. 
I send him a return message stating that I love him then throw my tablet back into my satchel bag and strap it around my waist. I’m so grateful that Claire brought my tablet to me the following day after I broke my arm. That was one less thing I had to explain to my dad…why my tablet would have been found on the underside of a maid cart. 
It takes me fifteen minutes to make the trip to headquarters. Usually I can make it in less than five, but I have to stop several times to rest and catch my breath. Since when did I turn into such an old lady? Alec jumps up from his desk and runs over to me to hold the door open so I can limp through it. 
"Hey there super trooper!" Alec grins and his green eyes light up.
"Hey." I say a bit out of breath. I try to blow the hair out from my eyes and catch a glimpse of myself in the reflection of a picture frame. I look like a hot mess! The hair in front of my face is slightly drenched in sweat and my curls are sticking out this way and that. Alec reaches his hand up to push my hair out of my face but he drops it quickly when he looks around the office. Some people have glanced up to stare at us from their desks. 
Alec clears his throat, "Okay, you can help me in the back with some filing." He points to a door across the room. I gage the distance and while it's only a few yards away it might as well be miles. I can't believe how low my energy level is. 
Alec walks ahead, punches a code into the door lock and opens it. I move slowly and painfully. When I push past him into the room-which holds a small desk, two chairs and seven metal filing cabinets- I plop down into the first chair I see. I lean back trying to catch my breath like I just ran a marathon. 
Alec chuckles as he steps inside and lets the door shut behind him. "Maybe we should get you a wheelchair." 
I give him a don't test me look which just makes his grin grow larger. I roll my eyes and scratch at my left arm. "This cast is so itchy, I can't wait to get it off next week!" I whine.
"I know they are horrible. I've broken many bones before." His grin turns into a sweeter smile. He walks over to the desk and grabs a black permanent marker from the drawer. He sits next to me. "May I?" 
I look at him confused and nod slightly. My breath catches again, not because of exertion but because Alec is touching me. He gently pulls the sling strap over my head and slides it off my arm. He places it on the floor and then moves my arm to rest it across his legs. I raise my eyebrow when he uncaps the marker and smiles up at me. Good cow, it feels like he's undressing me!
"This plain white cast is just too drab. It doesn't fit you at all." He starts drawing something on it then adds, "Hey, no peaking." 
I turn and look straight ahead at nothing. I wonder if he can hear my heart beating fast. I use my right hand to try and straighten out some of my unruly curls. Alec stops drawing for a minute and pushes some of my hair behind my ear for me. I look at him and realize just how close we are. My breath hitches and my eyes wander down towards his lips. I've never kissed anyone before and I wonder in that instant what it would be like. He traces my lips too with his eyes but then looks away just as quickly. My cheeks heat up and I turn back to stare at the blank wall while he continues doodling on my cast. 
My stomach does its fluttering thing and I try to will the butterflies to stop flapping their wings while I contemplate how things got so awkward between Alec and me. We've always had a bit of tension between us; but lately, every time we see each other, the air is charged with electricity. I find myself torn between wanting to go back to the way things were when we could joke around as friends, and wanting desperately to explore that electricity even if there's a risk of shock involved. 
"Done!" Alec breaks the silence. He puts his hand in mine and lifts my arm up so I can see the cast. 
I look first at the way our fingers are intertwined perfectly together and then force myself to break my gaze away to look at his artwork. "Wow!" I say as I stare at my newly transformed cast. "I didn't know you could draw like this!" I look up at his eyes and he looks pleased that I like it so much. I look back down to study the details of his drawing. He's sketched an entire mountain scape onto my cast with a Sharpie. It's complete with a setting sun, small pine trees and a glistening lake. "Wow." I say again. The details are so clear and vivid even though it's all in black and white. 
He blushes this time and says, "I'm glad you like it." He looks down at our hands but doesn't pull his away yet. "Are you still in pain?" 
I look up into his eyes, which have grown serious. I shrug. "Nah, they got me on the feel good medicine so I barely feel the pain." 
"Why did you try to climb that? Why didn't you just wait for me?" 
I can tell by the way he looks that he's been contemplating this question for a while. I have questioned myself as well. "I thought you might have gotten lost or worse. I thought something might have happened to you." 
"I was fine, it just took me a while to find a ladder, that was all." He looks away for a moment. "I have never been more scared in my life than I was when I saw you lying there like that. Like a broken doll. So perfect, yet so broken." He takes a deep breath as if conjuring the scene up into his memory. 
I pull his chin back up to see my eyes. "Look, I'm fine now."
His green eyes harden slightly. "If I'd have just been there." 
"Hey it's not your fault!" I demand. "I made the choice and nobody could have foreseen that accident." I continue to stare at him for a few more seconds until his eyes soften up a bit. "And see, I'm almost as good as new." I flash him my pearly whites. "Maybe better, even."
His eyes pause and linger on my lips. The awkwardness is starting again. My hand feels feverish in his. My blood is coursing through my veins and I swear I can hear my heartbeat as I gage the ever so slight distance between our lips. 
The electricity is so thick in the air that my nerves tingle and goose bumps rise on my arms. I look into his eyes and see that they have a bit of a dazed look. He starts leaning closer to me and I stay perfectly still, not sure what to do. A second later his lips touch mine ever so gently. 
I gasp a slight breath in surprise. I've never been kissed before! I don't know what to do. He takes my intake of air as an unwelcoming sign and pulls away quickly. 
He pulls his hand from mine and says, "I'm sorry Willow." He stands up and paces the room. "I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." He pushes his hand through his dark hair making it look all messy and incredibly hot. 
I stare at him with wide doe eyes. My mouth is gaping open as I try to find words to say. What do I say? Sorry, I got nervous? Let's try that again? Can I get a do-over? Instead I close my mouth and stare down at my hands for a moment. I look at the drawing on my cast and that's when I decide to muster the energy and the courage to stand up and go to him. I don't know what I'm doing and I probably look ridiculous limping towards Alec, but I'm determined. 
He looks up at me surprised and a little embarrassed. When I speak now my voice comes out in a throaty whisper. "Please, try it again." 
He stares at me long and hard as if trying to decipher a difficult puzzle. I inch my lips closer to him and that's all it takes for him to close the gap. His lips are on mine in that instant and fireworks are exploding in my brain. He kisses me hard with our mouths closed and a dizzy sensation overtakes me. My knees nearly go weak but he puts his hand on my lower back pulling me closer into him. 
The sound of someone pressing the code into the door jars us from our stupor and in a flash Alec lets me go and I nearly sink to my knees. It's crazy how intense the feeling of separation is, I swear I can still feel his lips on mine when the door opens. 

"So this is where you will file the papers." Alec opens a filing cabinet a few feet from me. I nod clumsily and avoid turning to look at the door. 
"Hello father." Alec says to someone behind me. I don't dare turn around to meet Mr. Blake's gaze for fear that he will be able to see a big ol' glowing sign across my forehead that states: I'VE BEEN MAKING OUT WITH YOUR SON. 
My cheeks are still flush, my lips swollen and my blood is still pumping warm and hot in my veins when I hear his dad behind me. 
"Hello Alec. What is going on in here?" There is a stone like hardness in his voice with zero tenderness that you would hear in a usual father-son conversation. 
Alec looks at me and then behind me. He clears his throat before saying, "Since this young lady is injured and has a doctors note for light duty, I figured that I would put her to work taking care of some of these files."
An uncomfortable silence passes and I wonder what type of stare down Mr. Blake is giving Alec. "That's fine, but I need you both to vacate this room for a few moments." 
"No problem." Alec says. He picks up his tablet from his pouch then punches in some numbers. "Willow you may take your fifteen minute break at this time." For good measure he adds, "Don't be late." 
My eyes widen in surprise and I give Alec a funny smile then say, "Yes sir." I wipe all expressions from my face as I turn around and see Mr. Blake standing there inspecting me like I'm some type of lab rat. He looks thinner than he did on the first day I met him, but he still has that air of superiority and intimidation about him. "Good to see you again Mr. Blake." I say nodding my head before I limp out of the room. He doesn't acknowledge me in the least. 
I nearly run into someone when I get out into the office. I look up to see a man in a white lab coat who looks mildly annoyed as he walks past me. He looks strangely familiar. He's at least a full foot taller than me with greying hair and a goatee. I place him a few seconds later as Dr. Hastings, the man from the assembly announcement; the one who is in charge of this whole facility. I wonder what he's doing here. Much like Mr. Blake he doesn't acknowledge me as I limp past. 
I walk out into the hall and take a drink from the water fountain. I bend down and splash some of the cool water on my face to clear the fuzziness that is still present from my earlier make out session. I touch my lips when I stand back up. My first kiss and wow was it a kiss! I wonder if they’re always this intense?
When I turn around I see Alec in the empty hall behind me. His face is grinning and he puts his hands in his pockets. "Hey." 
The blush makes its way to my cheeks again when I meet his green eyes. "Hey." I say back while trying to wipe all of the spare water off my face. "By the way, you didn't tell me you had acting skills." 
He takes a fake bow and says, "Yep, I've gotten used to putting on a performance for the old man." His face takes on a serious expression.
"What do you think Dr. Hastings was doing with your dad?" I move away from the water fountain to stand by Alec again. 
He shrugs his shoulders. "Hmm, I don't know. I mean I know that my father is on the F.E.M.A. board. I figure they are grabbing a file or something. There are a few cabinets with some heavy-duty locks on them. There must be some top-secret stuff in those." 
"Hmmm." I bite my lower lip while contemplating what might be in those cabinets. I look up to see Alec staring at me. His eyes have that same glossy look that they had right before he kissed me. My stomach flutters and I secretly hope he will do it again, even if his dad's in the next room. I see his desire pass through in his expression but he shakes it off. Why must Alec be so sensible? Surely he could lose his job or get in trouble for making out with one of his employees, but I think he should just throw caution to the wind! 
I guess my disappointment must show because Alec chuckles. "You are really beautiful Willow." He says sincerely.
"Yes she is!" Claire says in a chirpy voice and comes up from behind Alec. "I'm so glad you're feeling better Willow!" She seems mighty bubbly today. 
Honestly I'm amazed at how different this Claire is to the timid fragile girl that used to hide behind her hair. Connor comes up behind her and pokes her in the ribs and she giggles. I wonder if Connor might have a lot to do with that fact. 
Connor smiles at me. He has a few packages in his left hand so I'm guessing he's in the middle of his shift. "Yep, it's good to see you up and moving around. Is the boss making you work on the same day you got out of the hospital?" He shares some type of weird handshake high five, combo thing with Alec. 
"Nope, I stared at the white walls of my room for all of ten minutes before I decided I had to evacuate. I've felt like a caged animal over the past several weeks being stuck in a room day in and day out. A girl has to have some fun you know." I blush when I think about how much fun I just had kissing Alec, blushing even more when I realize how badly I want to do it again.
"Speaking of caged animals, when are we gonna go on another adventure?" Connor asks.
"I don't think that's a good idea, especially after the debacle that happened last time." Alec lifts my left arm up gently as if the cast doesn't stick out like a sore thumb already. 
"Hey, a few broken bones isn't going to stop this girl!" I say yanking my arm back. "Ouch!" My pain meds must be wearing off because my arm is killing me. 
"You okay?" Alec asks worried.
I nod my head and cradle my arm to my body. "Yeah, I think I need to take my medicine. Anyhow, what I was trying to say is that as soon as this cast is off I'm ready! We have got to go back and check out what is down there." 
"Yay!" Claire says excitedly. "Wow, that drawing on your cast looks pretty rockin’!" She moves closer to examine it.
"Alec drew it." I say proudly, looking up at Alec who seems like he may need more convincing about our side adventures. I figure he won't be so worried when I'm all healed and back to normal. 
"Dude, that's cool!" Connor looks at it. "You should keep that after they cut it off you." 
"Yeah, maybe I'll frame it and put it above my bed." I say jokingly and everyone laughs including Alec. I'm grateful that he's lightening up a bit in regards to my injuries. 
The door to the office opens and Mr. Blake and Dr. Hastings step out. 
"So, after you are done with that run, you will need to stop back by the office. I have a few extra assignments for the two of you." Alec addresses Connor and Claire who both take the hint, nod their heads and walk away quickly.
"I'm checking back in from my break sir." I say to Alec. He gives me a look that says he didn't know I could act as well.
"Are you done in the filing room sir?" Alec asks his dad.
"Yes. Get back to work." That's all Mr. Blake says before walking away along with Dr. Hastings who is holding a file in his hand. I stare at it for a few seconds curiously. My eye catches the word immunization but that's all. 
When they are out of hearing range Alec says, "Mr. Blake can be a bit of a jerk wad sometimes."
I smile up at him sympathetically trying to make him feel a little less let down by the non-existent father/son emotions. "Yep." 
He grins in return and we both head back inside to work. 
CHAPTER 9 (Eighty-two days inside)

The next several weeks consist of the same thing, day in and day out; with the exception of all the stolen kisses Alec and I sneak. I go to school with Connor and Claire, and then I go to “work.” It can’t really be called work though. Alec has me filing but he makes sure I don’t get much done. 
Today I get my cast off. I’m not too excited about that, because it means I’ll need to go back to running soon. On the upside, it also means on our next day off we’ll be able to explore the “sewer system” further. Alec’s been trying to talk me out of it every time I bring it up but I give him ‘the look’ and he quickly changes the subject. 
“Alec, you really don’t have to take off work. I can get there on my own you know.” Alec is insisting that he go with me to get my cast off. Deep down though, I really do want him to go, I just don’t want to come across as needy. 
He playfully tugs at my hair inching closer. He closes the door to the office with his foot and a lump forms in my throat. He takes hold of my cheek in his hand and puts his lips to my ear. His breathing on my neck sends shivers down to my toes. “I’m pretty sure you can get there on your own. It’s just that…” He nibbles at my ear. “…I will pretty much make any excuse to spend more time with you.” The huskiness of his voice makes me melt. He takes a step back furthering his distance and speaks as if what just happened didn’t. “So, are you ready to go.” 
I take a deep breath and put my hair behind my ears. I will myself not to speak for fear of sounding like a mouse and nod my head. It's been a couple of weeks but our relationship, at least that's what I'm calling it, still seems brand new.
He opens the doors and we make the short journey to the doctor’s office. In the elevator his lips find mine in a greedy manner, and when it dings, he composes himself like nothing happened leaving me speechless and breathless. 
I sign in on the clipboard at the front desk and we sit down to wait. I pick up a magazine and flip through it. I find a crossword puzzle and fold back the page. “Okay, smarty-pants. Let’s see how you are at crosswords!” I say a little too smug. “Alright, seven down: To go astray or diverge. It’s eight letters.” I tap the pen I got from the sign in sheet on my chin. I look over to Alec who has a funny expression on his face. “What,” I challenge, letting a small laugh come through. 
“Oh, nothing. I just like watching you while you’re thinking. You get these cute little lines between your eyes.” 
I roll my eyes, “Oh really, do I? Okay, smarty-pants what’s the answer,” I ask, knowing full well he won’t know it. 
“Aberrate,” he says simply. 
I raise my eyebrows at him in response. “Lucky guess,” I say as I write it in. “Okay, next one, and this one is going to be really hard.” I scan the side column looking for one no one would ever get. “Ah, here we go. You ready?” I don’t wait for him to respond before starting. “A morbid fear of sounds or the fear of your own voice. Fifteen letters, starts with an ‘A’.” There, I think, that should keep him busy. 
“Acousticophobia.” He says cockily.
“What!” I yell a little too loudly. I soften my tone when other people start looking at me. “How on earth did you know that?” 
Alec just shrugs his shoulders. 
I scribble in the answer. “Either you’re the smartest person I’ve ever met, or you’re pulling my leg. Which is it? And I expect an honest answer!” 
Alec tries to keep from laughing but he’s not doing a good job. 
“What?” I say as his laughter becomes contagious. I playfully slap him on the arm. “Tell me!” I say. 
“Okay, okay, you don’t have to get all violent on me!” Alec tells me playfully. “I spent a lot of time in the waiting room the first several days you were in the hospital. Got tired of watching reruns of boring old soap operas so I did all the crosswords.” 
“Willow Mosby,” a voice from the other side of the room calls. I glance up to see a plump nurse looking around the room. 
“Here,” I say holding up my hand. 
Before I can stand up, Alec puts his hand on mine. “You want me to go with you? You know, to hold your hand and stuff?” 
I don’t really need to give it much thought. “Yeah, sure, if you want to.” I catch a gleam in his eye. Of course he wants to. 
I lead the way over to the nurse and she puts us in a small room off to the right. She lays my chart down on the table and turns to leave. “The doctor will be with you in a minute,” she says as she turns and walks out, shutting the door behind her. 
I take a quick glance around the room and get really nervous when I see this mean saw looking thing hanging on the wall. “You don’t think that’s for me, do you Alec?” I turn to him as my anxiety increases ten-fold. 
Alec sees this as a sign to comfort me. He takes my hand gently from my lap and wraps it in his. I slump into him finding immediate comfort. 
It doesn’t take long before the doctor comes in. He’s wearing the typical white lab coat. He has white hair that is sticking up all over the place and bottle-cap glasses. He looks at me over the rim, “And you must be Willow. I’m Dr. Pain. Please, don’t think I’m being funny, that’s my real name. Got the birth certificate to prove it.” 
I try to let out a small laugh, but my mouth won’t let me. I squeeze Alec’s hand a bit harder and he rubs the side with his thumb in a comforting gesture. 
The doctor begins shuffling around the room gathering tools and cloth and that dreaded saw readied to be used. I can’t seem to take my eyes off the blade. The doctor wheels the tray over to where I’m sitting and pulls the rolling chair over as well. 
“Now, just trust me, this won’t hurt a bit,” the doctor tells me. 
Yeah, trust a doctor named Dr. Pain. Not going to happen. 
He reaches for my arm and I reluctantly give it to him. “Oh,” he exclaims when he sees the small mural painted on my cast. “You want me to cut around this for you? It would be such a waste of good art.” 
I nod my head and try to smile. “Yes, it’s very special to me,” I reply. My heart is picking up speed and I work to keep from going into a panic attack.
The second I hear the saw blade turn on I close my eyes and put my head in Alec’s chest. 
“Now don’t move, okay?” The doctor asks me, shouting above the noise. A sound of cutting wood penetrates my ears and my brain is screaming, danger, step back! I try not to flinch as I hear the plaster cracking on my arm. It doesn’t take more than ten seconds before I feel the cool air hit my arm for the first time in what seems like months. I look down at my pale weak arm that hasn't made an appearance in a while. It’s really skinny compared to my other arm and looks kind of funny. 
The doctor turns off the saw and hangs it back up out of the way. I bend my wrist cautiously, thankful there’s no pain. It just feels weird. I turn my arm slightly and see a small bruise that has almost dissipated as well as a three inch long scar. That must have been where I had the surgery.
“Just make sure you take it easy for the next few days. I’m going to give you a sling to wear while you adjust to not having the cast on. After that, you’ll be good to go.” The doctor hands me my empty cast and leaves the room with the door still propped open. He returns a second later with another navy sling. He helps me put it on then leaves. 
 “Well, I guess we can go,” Alec says while helping me up. I clutch the cast as we leave. He puts his arm around my waist. As we walk away I wonder about us. Are we in a relationship? I don't ask though. For right now, I feel good with how things are. I don't need a label to tell me how I'm starting to feel about him.
CHAPTER 10 (Eighty-six days inside.)

As usual school’s a bore. For the next few days all I can think about is finding where that storm drain thing leads. We've been talking about it every chance we get. Alec has set our next day off together on Saturday, which is tomorrow. I know I’m going to have a hard time sleeping tonight! 
I lie in my bed going over the maps in my head. It’s hard to think about the maps when Alec’s perfect face keeps flooding my thoughts. I keep trying to figure out what we are. Are we together? Boyfriend, girlfriend? I’m too afraid to ask such a silly question so I figure I’ll just let it ride, hoping he brings it up in conversation. 
I eventually fall asleep sometime after two a.m. I hear my dad come in sometime in the night but I'm too tired to greet him. I feel so awful for how much they’re working him. 
My tablet wakes me up at six a.m. the following morning. There’s a new group message to us from Alec. Meet me by the lower elevators in twenty minutes, is all it says. 
I wipe the sleep from my eyes and drag myself into the bathroom. I brush my teeth, put on my blue scrubs and pull my hair back in a ponytail. I grab my tablet and slip out of the door. No need to wake my dad who will have to get up in a half hour anyway. 
The hall lights are still dimmed; apparently they conserve electricity in the night hours this way. They’ll come on full force at seven. 
I run into Claire on the elevator down. “So, you and Connor, huh?” I ask jabbing her lightly in the ribs. I've noticed their looks during class and even caught them holding hands one time. They don't say anything about it so I figured, now is as good a time as any to ask her. 
A blush spreads over her pale face as she looks down at her shoes. 
“Hey, it’s all good,” I say trying to reassure her. “Connor’s a really nice guy.” 
She finally smiles and looks up at me. “Yeah, he really is. I think I might be falling for him, but it scares me. Everyone I’ve ever loved in this world has either left me or died. I feel like my heart is too far out there right now…like maybe I should pull back.” She takes a second. “Oh, Willow, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to sound so depressing this morning!” She has a pleading look on her face. 
I put my hand softly on her shoulder. Sometimes I forget how alone Claire is. She finally told me a little more about her parents when I was in the hospital. Her mom had died from the virus and her dad went into a heavy state of depression. He had to give her up because he couldn't properly care for her. She often thought that a part of his depression had to do with how much Claire had resembled her mother. 
“Claire, look at me.” She does. “Connor’s not that type of guy, okay. He's not going to leave. And you can be assured that I’m not going to leave you either! You’re my best friend.” I have never said that to Claire before, but it’s true. 
A sparkle gleams in her eyes. “You mean, I have a bestie now? I've never been able to use that word and 'I have' in the same sentence before.” 
I laugh at her use of the word bestie. The elevator dings and Claire takes me in a crushing hug. I hug her back as the elevator doors open. 
Connor and Alec stare with mouths dropped open. “That’s hot,” says Connor and apparently Alec agrees, nodding his head. 
“Oh, shut up!” I say playfully. Claire and I get out of the elevator. 
“So,” Connor says while rubbing his hands. “What’s the plan?” 
Alec grabs his satchel and opens it up. We all peer inside and see flashlights, power bars, and an assortment of other things I guess we might find useful, and a pack of gum. Way to plan ahead Alec, I think. “I have the supplies we’ll need for the day. Now, we just need to take care of our tablets.” Alec hands us each a small roll of duct tape. “Okay, let’s get rid of these and meet back here in ten.” 
I take my duct tape and set off to find a maid cart.
****
Alec and I meet up on our way back from hiding our tablets. He gives me a small wink and that’s all it takes to get the butterflies in my stomach moving. Just the proximity of being so close to him makes my heart soar. 
We round the corner back towards the elevators and find Connor and Claire in a rather passionate embrace. I stop abruptly and turn my head. Alec does a little coughing thing and they both jump so high their feet leave the ground. 
Claire puts her hand on her heart. “Oh my gosh, you guys scared me!” 
“Sorry about that,” I mutter. 
“Well,” says Alec breaking the awkward silence. “I think it’s about time to go, yes?” We all hop in the elevator and Connor pushes the ‘S’ button for Storage. The door opens and we all hobble out taking a moment to make sure nobody is around. 
When we feel the coast is clear we slink over to the grate. Connor goes to work, like before, taking out the individual screws and handing them to me. I take it I’m the official screw holder-er, if that’s even a word. Connor slides the grate off a little bit at a time making some slight squeaking noises as he goes. 
We take turns crawling in as before with me being the point man, or woman, I guess. Connor slides the grate back on and we begin our journey to the ‘sewer systems’. You would think with all the twists, turns, and pathway changes, one would get lost, but that’s so not the case with me. It feels like second nature already. 
It takes us a while but we eventually make the last turn and stop next to the final grate. 
Connor removes it and Alec puts his hand on mine. “Let Connor and me go first. Then we’ll help you ladies down.” The guys have a rope ladder in their bag but they are trying to avoid having to take it out until we are on our return trip.
I hate being seen as a weak link, but I’m not about to break another limb. He already helped me successfully down the first jump from the platform, the one where all heck broke loose before. 
We nod our heads at the boys and they begin to jump down. Claire goes first and Connor helps her down. I’m next. I jimmy my way as close to the edge as humanly possible and stop. Alec has his hands lifted up towards me putting my anxieties at rest. I scoot down backwards like a small child and take the leap of faith. Alec catches me immediately and slowly lowers me down to the floor. He leans in to my ear and whispers, “I’ll never let you go, Willow.” 
Goose bumps run up and down my arms like freight trains. “Thanks.” I manage to say without swooning.
"Dude, it's another freaking tunnel." Connor complains. "This one better lead somewhere."
We shine our flashlights around the tunnel trying to see ahead of us. I catch sight of all of our gear from the last trip in the corner and chuckle. It was pretty useless. 
"I'll take the lead on this one." Alec says and heads to the front. Since there is no recorded map of these tunnels, my memory isn't useful for navigation. I fall in place behind Alec and the others follow single file as the tunnel becomes increasingly narrow. 
"There it is again." Claire says. 
I stop and try to listen to what she hears and when I focus really hard I manage to hear the steady dripping sound. "It must be coming from up ahead." I say. 
We start walking forward and I can nearly feel the moisture in the air the further we go into the cold, dark tunnels. The tunnel takes a turn and we end up in an even narrower one that gets increasingly shorter in height as we walk. We go from standing full up, to crouching down and eventually we have to get on all fours to crawl. All of us put our flashlights away to better crawl except for Connor who is in the back as usual. He's holding onto the flashlight in his mouth. It casts eerie shadows that bounce off the tunnel walls.
"I guess your big mouth finally came in handy." Alec jokes as we crawl. Connor can't answer which makes Alec's anecdote that much funnier. 
I'm grateful for the lightening of the mood because this tiny tunnel is making my insides go crazy. My stomach starts to clench and my heart races. I've never been claustrophobic but something about the way the flashlight bobs up and down against the tunnel walls and the cool damp air makes me feel nervous. The further we crawl the louder the dripping sounds become and the smaller the tunnel seems to get.
"Ah crap." Alec calls from ahead of me.
I realize what he's complaining about when my hand lands in shallow water and the first knee of my scrubs gets soaked. "Well, no turning back." I say. 
Alec stops and grabs his flashlight to get a better look. The ceiling of the tunnel is wet in some places and dripping water. Up ahead there is another turn. "Interesting. I wonder where all of this water is coming from." He says. 
None of us answer because we don't know. In my head I just pray this water is clean water and not sewage. It doesn’t stink so I think we're good.
He starts crawling again and when we make it to the turn we enter a new tunnel that is getting increasingly taller as we crawl. Eventually we are able to stand up again and I breathe a sigh of relief. The nervous feeling starts relenting as I stretch my aching, soaked knees. 
We all are able to turn our flashlights on again which makes the tunnels look a lot less eerie. We walk forward and take one last turn. "Oh my gosh!" The air whooshes out of me and I stop dead causing Claire to run into my back. 
"Hey don't just stop...Whoa!" Claire says upon looking around the cavern. 
Connor makes a whistle sound showing his amazement. We all stand quietly for a few moments just illuminating the area in front of us with our four flashlights. 
It's unbelievable. I have never seen a place like this in real life before. We are standing at the entrance of a gigantic cavern the size of two football fields. Stalactites drop down from the ceiling in thousands of inconsistent sizes and lengths. Five or six of them are so long that they reach all the way down to the ground. The most amazing thing about the cavern is that it's filled with a lake or spring or whatever you would call this body of majestic looking sea-blue water. The dry or actually semi damp ground only extends twenty feet into the cavern before the water starts. We walk further in to the water's edge and shine our lights against its surface. The water is clear and seems to get deeper the further out it goes. 
"Cool." Connor whispers. 
"I know." Claire whispers too. 
"Why is everyone whispering?" I ask quietly.
"Perhaps subconsciously we are trying to keep from scaring the bats awake." Alec says in his full voice. 
Everyone giggles but I shiver. I never liked the idea of bats or anything with fanged teeth. Creepy!
"I wish we brought our swim suits." Connor says. I turn around to look at him. He's sitting on the ground taking off his shoes.
"Wait, you aren't gonna go swimming in your underoos are you?" I ask nervously. I'm not prudish about seeing a guy in his boxers but I certainly don't want to dress down to my white underwear and bra in front of Alec. 
"Only if you want me to." Connor jokes sarcastically and Claire slaps him on the back of the head. I stifle a giggle while Connor rubs his wound. "Ow!" He says in a whiney voice. 
Claire laughs and says, "Man up Connor. I didn't hit you that hard." 
That sets Alec into a laugh and Connor gives him the 'don't knock me when I'm down' stare. Alec stops laughing. 
Connor rolls his pants legs up and touches his toe to the water. "Freezing!" He says then tests it a little further. I see him visibly shiver as his whole foot steps into the water. 
I lean over and touch it with my hand. It isn't necessarily freezing but it's mighty cold. I would say it's either in the high sixties or low seventies in temperature. 
Claire trots over barefoot and walks into the water close to Connor. "Oh my." She says. Connor puts his hand around her as she shivers. 
I look to Alec and shrug. We both start taking off our shoes and socks. I roll up my scrubs to mid thigh and step in. It feels even colder on my feet then it did on my hands. I stand there for a moment allowing my body to adjust to the temperature. 
Alec comes to my side. We stand there for a few more minutes and then I start inching forward. 
"Be careful babe." Alec says. 
The term of endearment warms my heart and I feel more courageous to move forward. I grab ahold of his hand and he matches my step. We walk forward slowly. We keep our flashlights shining on the water in front of us. For the most part, the water seems clear all the way down to the bottom. We are able to walk twenty feet into the water before it reaches knee level. When we get to a stopping point we all just stand there in silence shining our flashlights around the cavern and enjoying the beauty of this secret place.
"I wonder how many people know this place is down here." I say. 
"Most likely only a chosen few since it's not marked on any of the maps." Alec answers.
"Yeah, but somebody must know. After all there is a manmade tunnel leading to it." Claire offers.
"Well it's our place now." Connor says and mimes the action of sticking a flag into the ground like the astronauts did when they made it to Mars so many years ago. 
"Yep! This can be our secret hangout." Claire says sounding youthful like a kid. 
Connor gives her a loving look and it makes me smile. I like to see people who have been through a lot find happiness. Alec must like it too because he squeezes my hand just so. 
My stomach growls loudly and I blush.
"Guess that's the alarm for lunchtime." Alec says playfully. He pokes me in the ribs, which tickles. I giggle and splash him a bit with my foot. "Watch it!" He says and then makes a move to splash me with his hand but I run from him back to dry ground. 
He chases me, both of us sloshing through knee-deep water laughing like kids. A second later my feet are up out of the water and he's got me in his arms. He swings me around like I'm lighter than a feather and I laugh as my world spins. A moment later he sets me down on dry ground and I wait for my brain to catch up with the rest of my body. When the dizziness settles I lean into him. 
Connor and Claire are talking and have already made their way to dry ground and are rummaging through our supplies in search of the Powerbars. I look up at Alec and my heart is like butter, melting in the gaze of his emerald green eyes. He leans in kissing me gently on the lips. 
Then he whispers in my ear, "Lunchtime." He turns me around and we start walking to where Connor and Claire have set up a mock picnic. 
"This isn't much of spread is it?" I ask Claire who's looking up at me with appraising eyes. I guess they saw the kiss too. 
"Well there are honey flavored Powerbars and cinnamon raisin. So at least you have a little bit of variety." She replies with a silly grin. I imagine she's singing that 'kissing in a tree' song in her head.
"We need to bring our swimsuits next time." Connor says between bites of his Powerbar.
"So I guess we've found us a new hang out spot." Alec says.
"Yep and it's only for us!" Claire says.
"Yep, this is our place!" I say in confirmation. 
We finish off our Powerbars and spend another hour exploring the shallow waters and talking about a whole bunch of nothing before we head back for the afternoon. This has to have been one of the best days I've had in a while.
CHAPTER 11 (Eighty-eight days inside.)

After finding the cave and spending time with Alec, going back to school this morning sucks. Not to mention it's Monday. This class doesn't make it any better either. The only thing I can think about is getting back in that cave and exploring…that and Alec. The teacher just drones on and on about who knows what. This week we have full day classes since there is standardized testing on Friday and Saturday. This full schedule is killer. In an attempt to get us to study for the tests they have excused us all from work until Friday afternoon, which means I don't get to see much of Alec. 
Thankfully, with Connor and Claire in my class it’s bearable. Our teacher must be blind or deaf to not hear us texting each other back and forth. She left our tablets unlocked so we can take notes but of course we are using our freedom for something much more worthy. We get to our fourth round of twenty questions when it’s time to break for lunch.
We all hustle down to the cafeteria for our lunch; Connor, Claire and I take a seat at our usual table. After a few months of being here, clicks and bonds have formed and everyone pretty much knows who their circle of friends is. There are a few loners, but most everyone has at least one ally. 
“Yum, more mush,” I say dropping the mush back on my tray from my spoon. 
“Tastes good to me,” Connor says with a mouthful. 
I inwardly laugh at Connor. You could probably feed the guy kitchen scraps and he wouldn’t care. There’s a tap on my shoulder and I turn around to find one of the older, day runners standing behind me. 
“Are you Willow Mosby?” She asks all official-like. 
I nod my head. “Yeah, that’s me.” 
“This is for you,” she says while handing me a small envelope. Then she’s off to her next assignment. I take the envelope and turn back to the table. Connor and Claire are staring at me. 
“Well, aren’t you going to open it?” Claire asks a little too excitedly. 
I’m curious too so I begin to break the seal on the envelope. Inside is a small index-type card. Scrawled in black pen it says:
Willow, will you be my girlfriend? Check one:
⧠yes
⧠no
⧠maybe
Love, Alec
My cheeks blush a dark shade of crimson while my heart leaps out of my chest. 
“So, what does it say?” Claire asks, feigning to hide the excitement in her voice. She pushes her hair out of her face to get a better look. 
Do I tell her? Um, yes. “It’s from Alec,” I say. “He wants to know if I’ll be his girlfriend.” I cringe wondering if that sounds corny. 
I look up to find Claire beaming. “Willow! That’s so sweet! What are you going to tell him?” 
I don’t have to think very hard about this one. I get a pen out of my bag and check yes. “Well, of course I’m going to say yes!” Claire and I squeal like a bunch of schoolgirls, which technically we are. 
Connor makes a joking squeal of a sound to join in and flaps his hands up and down hysterically. We just roll our eyes and both playfully push him at the same time. 
I spot the runner that delivered me the envelope and flag her down. I give it to her and ask her to take it back to Alec. She looks a bit confused at first but nods her head and leaves, taking the envelope with her. 
The afternoon drones on in class and all I do is daydream about Alec. My tablet vibrates alerting me to a message. I put it on my lap figuring it’s probably Claire or Connor. 
To my amazement it’s Alec! 
Alec: I got your note. 
I smile really big. 
Me: I got yours first
 I check back up to find the teacher still talking about Lord knows what. 
My tablet vibrates again. 
Alec: I miss you. 
My heart soars. 
Me: Miss you too.
I text back thinking how absolutely corny we sound. I don't care though. This is my first boyfriend and I'm allowed to be a little cheesy. 
Alec: Are you doing anything this Friday after school? I’d like to take you on a date. 
I stifle a ginormous grin that’s threatening to surface. Friday is my birthday, but I haven’t told anyone yet. That’s right, my sweet sixteen. A hit of sadness hits me when I think about my last birthday. My mom had told me that we could start planning my sweet sixteen party. She would tell me stories about hers as we had clipping parties. We clipped pictures of dresses from magazines, pictures of food, cakes and more. We were making a collage before everything in my world seemed to fall apart. 
Alec: If you're busy...
Alec's text pulls me from my thoughts.
Me: Well, Mr. Blake, I think I have to work. 
A few seconds go by and he replies. 
Alec: Hmmm, looks like Ms. Mosby isn't on the schedule anymore and neither am I. Strange coincidence, I know. 
I giggle and hit reply. 
Me: Well then, Mr. Blake. I guess I am free then. Where are we going? 
My tablet vibrates. 
Alec: I’m not telling; it’s a surprise. 
Eek, I love surprises! 
I’m brought back to the present when Ms. Thomas barks my name. “Willow, what’s the answer?” 
I look like a deer caught in headlights. “Ummm, can you repeat the question?” 
Ms. Thomas cocks her head. “I asked, what is the twenty-eighth amendment of the constitution about?” 
Phew, I know this one…thankfully. I straighten up in my seat. “The twenty-eighth amendment is the amendment that closed our borders off, sealing us off from the rest of the world.” 
The teacher cocks her eyebrow at me. “Very good Willow, I’m so glad you were paying attention,” she says sardonically. 
I quickly type in “G2G,” and send it back to Alec. 
The rest of the week drags on slowly. The highlights of my days are seeing Alec for a few minutes at dinner. The intermittent moments between stolen kisses are what I live and breathe for. His sweet text messages sent to me at school make the anticipation of Friday bearable. 
Apparently, Alec took all of us off the schedule. Luckily Connor was given the opportunity to spend a rare afternoon with his little sister Lillie. He invited Claire to join him, which means I get Alec all to myself. Not that I don't want them joining us, but...Happy Birthday to me!
CHAPTER 12 (Ninety-two days inside.)

By the time Friday rolls around I can barely sit still long enough to focus on my test. I tap my fingers against the desk and check my tablet for the umpteenth time only to realize a few measly minutes have passed. Ms. Thomas gives me the evil eye. I wonder if she thinks my fidgeting is a case of testing jitters or if she thinks I'm trying to cheat. At least my restlessness takes the attention off Connor for once; I’m sure he’s grateful for the break. Even with my lack of concentration I still think I do well on the test. It's kind of hard for me to fail a test with my photographic memory. I wonder if that would be considered a form of cheating. Not that it matters anyway, I learned all of this stuff last year when my mother was homeschooling me. 
I over emphasize the final tap on my tablet screen, sending my completed test to Ms. Thomas. I look around the room and see that I'm the first person done. 
Ms. Thomas looks up at me like I'm crazy. "Are you sure you don't want to go back and review your answers Ms. Mosby?" 
"No, I'm good." I say and then look back down at my tablet. 
She makes an annoyed grunting sound which I simply ignore.
They have a video for us to watch after the test and mine starts up. I throw on my earphones to listen. It's an old video that I've seen a thousand times about the importance of education and college. It tours several of the country's finest institutions. I wonder if they will still be around after all of this is over. I can't even fathom the normalcy of going to an actual college or even a real live school. I wonder if anyone can after most of us have been holed up for a good part of our academic careers. 
Right before school lets out Alec sends me a text.
 Alec: Bring your swimsuit, no questions. Meet me by the first floor elevators at 3:30. Miss u! 
I smile at his message. The first half is so boss-like, while the second is the Alec I’ve come to know personally. When he mixes the two it cracks me up.
Me: See u soon!
School is dismissed promptly at 2:15 and I’m the first one out the door. I give a small wave to Connor and Claire and I am on my way. I head to one of the small stores in the commons area and purchase a piece of purple ribbon and some lip-gloss. It costs most of my money, but I don’t care. The lady at the checkout smacks her gum as she scans my tablet. I watch my paycheck diminish to almost nothing and I’m out the door in less than a minute. 
I rush back to our little apartment and hurriedly scramble into the bathroom. I pull my hair up into a ponytail and tie the ribbon around it. I find my bathing suit and put it on then squirm into my pink scrubs careful not to mess up my hair. I wash my face and pinch my cheeks a few times to develop some resemblance to blush. I apply the lip-gloss and run my lips together. Yep, they look kissable to me! I look down at my drab scrubs and sincerely wish I could change styles or something. As soon as I can afford a sewing kit I’m going to alter these bad boys. I’ve already seen Candy and her posse around in alternate versions of the scrubs. She even turned one version into shorts and a cute tank top. I figure if she doesn’t get in trouble then it must be okay. I just want to take the sides in a bit, maybe alter the neckline. My mother taught me how to sew when I was younger. It would make her proud. I smile at my mother’s memory which quickly turns into a frown. I shake it off and take a deep breath looking into the mirror. Not on your birthday, Willow I repeat to myself. 
I take a quick peek at the clock and realize I have five minutes to spare. I sigh at my reflection. This isn't necessarily the sweet sixteen dress that I had imagined but it will have to do. I apply one more layer of lip gloss for safe measure, check my ribbon and I’m out the door. 
I bump into my dad on the way out. “Oh, hey dad!” 
“Hey Willow.” He takes one look at my face and hair ribbon. “Where are you off to?” 
Without skipping a beat I answer him. “Off to go hang with some friends.” I cringe…I said friends, as in plural. 
"Friends or friend?" My dad asks.
I knew I wouldn't get away with being vague. "I'm going to hang out with Alec." I give him the honesty he was looking for and it makes me feel good. 
"Alec, hmm." He runs his hands through his greying hair. "He seems like a pretty decent guy."
I nod my head and say, "He is dad." 
He studies me for a bit longer making me slightly uncomfortable. “Okay, well you have fun. I’m going to head in to get a bit of shut eye. I’ve got to work the night shift.” 
I hate how much they’re making my dad work. I pull him into a brief hug then leave for the elevator. 
“Be safe,” he says as I walk away. 
“I will, Dad. Love you.” I breathe a sigh of relief and then realize, my dad didn’t even remember my birthday. He’s always been good at remembering and making a bigger than necessary deal on my birthday. I guess I can’t blame him though; he has so much on his plate right now. He seemed too tired to even grill me about going on my date. Well that could have to do with the fact that I think deep down my dad likes and trusts my boyfriend. I'm very grateful for that because I can't imagine doing anything that would damage our father daughter relationship. We are quite possibly the only family we have left. 
A lump forms in my throat and I push my feelings aside for the time being. It's my birthday and I'm going on my first real date.
I hop on the elevator feeling giddy from head to toe. The ride down seems like it takes forever. The elevator dings on the first floor opening up to Alec, standing there with a large and full backpack. As soon as he sees it’s me he rushes into the elevator and clicks the door close button. 
My heart skips a beat as the doors close. 
Alec pulls me into an embrace and kisses me passionately on the lips. I return the favor letting my whole body get absorbed in his kiss. He pulls back far too soon with a wicked smile splaying across his lips. “Strawberry,” he says as he licks his lips. “I like it.” 
I blush bright red. The elevator dings on the Storage floor and the doors open up into the vast room. Alec takes my tablet from me. “Hold the door, would you Willow?” 
I nod my head, “Sure.” 
Alec climbs onto the side rails of the elevator and pushes up one of the cork ceiling tiles. He puts the tablets in them and closes it back off. I give him a smile of satisfaction, genius! “So, what’s the plan?” I ask Alec a little breathlessly. 
“You’ll see,” is all he says. 
I kind of figured where we’re going, what with the swimsuit and being here on the level marked for storage. 
Alec takes my hand and squeezes it softly. “Ready?” I nod my head as we clamor off the elevator.
It takes us about twenty minutes or so of climbing through the different tunnels and grates until I find myself with wet knees crawling through the last round of tunnels. This time we set the rope ladders up at each drop before we jump down, since there would be nobody to help give Alec a boost back up. 
We are starting to get much more efficient at making this journey. Alec even found a way to fasten the flashlight to the shoulder of his backpack so we can see better. 
Excitement coerces through me when we reach our cave. The light hits the stalagmites. They are so beautiful. Alec climbs out of the tunnel and helps me down. Just his touch makes my heart dance with joy. 
Alec and I walk over to the water’s edge and he places the backpack down. Shining the light inside, he pulls out a lantern looking thing and goes to work setting it up. Within a few minutes a bright glow begins to illuminate the cavern. I turn off my flashlight thrilled I can now see panoramically. The area is simply breathtaking. 
I feel Alec’s arms wrap around me drawing me softly to him. “Happy Birthday,” he says whispering in my ear. 
A small smile escapes my lips and I turn to him. “How did you know it was my birthday?” I playfully question. 
Alec jokingly laughs, “A man has his secrets.” I hit him lightly on the arm. 
“Secrets, schmecrits,” I say taunting him. 
He laughs and holds his hand out dropping something cool and metallic in my hand. “For you,” he says. 
I open up my hand to see what he gave me. “A paper clip necklace!” I exclaim! 
Even in the dim light I see him blush. “I know it’s not much, but you know there isn’t a lot here that I can give you.” 
“No need to apologize,” I tell him. “I think it’s sweet and thoughtful. It is a homemade gift after all. I’m going to keep it forever.” 
He moves around me and ‘fastens’ the necklace to me. “Hey, it’s one step up from a pasta necklace,” he jokes. 
I laugh. “Yes, you're right about that! But this way, I don’t feel the need to eat it.”
To my amazement, Alec has packed a little picnic for us. He sets out various cans of stuff around a small towel he must have brought from his place. “Are you hungry,” he asks while placing some silverware on the blanket. 
“Not really quite yet,” I say. I’m a little too excited about this place to eat now, plus dinner’s not officially supposed to be for another few hours. 
“Good,” Alec says. “Neither am I. So, what do you say we go do a little exploring, then go for a swim and we’ll finish it off with our special ‘lantern lit’ dinner.” He smiles at me and I know I’m a goner. 
I nod my head. “Sure, that sounds fun!” He finishes unloading the backpack and gets his flashlight. I click mine on illuminating the space before me in a bright white glow. Alec takes my hand making it feel so warm and inviting and we’re off. 
We follow the areas that are around the large pool of water finding all kinds of things. There are these strange white bugs I have never seen before as well as white tadpoles. I haven’t looked up to see if there are any bats because, truth be told, I’d rather not know if there are. 
I reach my hand out to touch one of the stalagmites that have grown up from the floor and Alec stops me. “Don’t touch them, just look. The oils on your fingers could alter their growth.” I pull my hand back. “And we don’t want that,” he reiterates. It’s hard for me not to touch them though because I’m such a tactile person. The texture looks so cool and inviting. 
“Willow, shut your flashlight off for a sec,” Alec says. I give him a questioning look but turn my flashlight off squeezing his hand infinitesimally tighter. “Look, do you see over there, in the corner?” 
I look to the corner and see a very subtle beam of light. So subtle, that you would have to know what you’re looking for to be able to see it. 
Alec turns his light back on and I follow suite. “Let’s go check it out.” He took the words right out of my mouth. We inch along careful not to step on any geologic marvels and make our way to the far corner. Although, when we get there, it isn’t really a corner at all. It’s a hidden pathway leading further into the infrastructure. 
“Should we go in?” I ask Mr. Geology to make sure it’s safe. 
“Willow, is that really a question?” He smirks at me. 
I return the smile with one of my own. This is so exciting! We inch into the narrow space between the cave walls gripping each other’s hands a bit tighter as we make our way through. At one point the walls almost touch each other at the top so we have to get down and waddle like a duck to get by. The light begins to grow and grow until we don’t have to really use our flashlights, except we do anyway. 
We round the final turn and come to a cavern that looks very similar to the one we were just in. Similar, except for the small hole in the ceiling that is funneling in a small beam of light. The room is markedly warmer than the other room; my guess is because it has some heat from outside seeping in. There’s another large pool of water in this room; it looks a lot more inviting though. My guess is the temperature of the water is significan’tly warmer. 
As if reading my mind Alec says, “Looks like a good place for a swim. You game?” 
I smile and follow him to the edge of the large pool of water. "Sure." We kick off our shoes and take off our socks. After that though I begin to feel self-conscious. 
Alec must see the worry on my face, “I’ll turn around while you get undressed.” Without waiting for a response he turns around. 
I wonder if that means I can’t watch him… And so I do, because I can. While I wrestle with the drawstring that’s tied around my waist I watch as Alec takes off his shirt. The muscles in his back flex and soften as he brings his arms back down. Yum, I think to myself. I finally manage to get my pants undone and I take off my shirt. I make sure my swimsuit is on right and tell Alec, “Okay, you can turn around now.” 
He smiles at me and I blush. He has never seen me with so little on but his eyes don’t rake over my body like I would have expected. He stares into my eyes sweetly then comes to my side and takes my hand. He leads me to the water. I put my foot in and feel the warmth pour through my body. It’s not as warm as a shower or bath, but it’s soothing nonetheless.
Alec doesn’t waste anytime diving into the water. His head pops up just under the light a few seconds later. He shakes his head as he comes up sending water spraying around him. The outside light hits it just right and his hair looks like it's glistening. “Man this feels good!” He exclaims. 
I can tell he’s a throw-caution-to-the-wind kind of guy as I tiptoe out towards him in the middle. Oh, enough with the pleasantries, I dive in right after him. The water is so clear under here that I can see his feet treading water up ahead. I pop up right next to him feeling the warm light bathe my skin. “It does feel good,” I say as I push my wet hair out of my face. I look up through the natural skylight in the cavern. We both float on our backs staring up at the sun and the sky that is so far above us. 
I forgot how much I missed the open sky. My heart warms and I feel suddenly like everything might turn out right after all. Some inkling of hope hits me and I think of my mom and my little brother. My heart tugs slightly but deep down I have the thought that they may make it after all. I mean, here I am in a cavern staring up at the sun, it could be totally possible that they are staring up at the same sun right now. That is, if my brother is still well and has not been overcome by the heat or the virus. 
"A penny for your thoughts." Alec says quietly into my ear beside me.
I consider not answering but I say after a few seconds, "I was just thinking of my family." 
He pulls me into his arms. I rest my head on his shoulder and he treads water carrying both of our weight. "I bet they are out there Willow. They can't all just be gone, like that."
"I was just thinking that same thing." I say quietly still feeling a little sad. I look up and gaze into his eyes. “Wow, I’ve never noticed how beautiful your eyes are…they’re the most unique shade of blue/green I’ve ever seen.” I reach up briefly to stroke his cheek. 
“Blue?” says Alec questionably. “That’s strange; I don’t remember having a blue hue to my eyes.” 
I inch closer. “Hmm,” I say looking into his eyes. “They look blue to me, maybe it’s just the way the light is hitting them.”
"Yeah, it has to be the light because your left eye kind of looks a little green too. It's pretty cool looking though." Alec plants a light feathery kiss on my lips. “Happy Birthday Willow. I know this isn’t much, but I hope it’s enough.” A sincere smile splays itself on my lips. 
“Alec, this is more than enough. This has to be the best birthday I’ve ever had. Honestly.” I want him to see how grateful I am to be spending my day with him, but I don't want him to see the hint of sadness that the void in my family has left me with. In order to not ruin the moment I slip through his arms and duck down into the water. Swimming further out, enjoying the sting of my muscles as I push them to their limits. I pretend that the warm water is melting away any sadness or worries. I bob back up a moment later taking in a gulp of air. I turn around to see Alec’s head duck below the surface. I tread water waiting for him to come back up. 
I feel something tickle my feet. I scramble away thinking it’s a fish until Alec’s head pops up. “Gotcha!” He says, voice full of playfulness. 
I splash water at him and he feigns like he’s hurt. I see a twinkle in his eye indicating 'game on' and away I go…Alec chasing me from behind. 
We play for what seems like hours in the water. Playing games like we did when we were children including, Fish Out of Water and Marco Polo. He even gives in when I ask him to have an underwater tea party. We race each other using different strokes we know…even the butterfly, which I suck profusely at. I look like a dying fish. 
By the time we're done I’m starving and can’t wait to see what's for dinner. 
Alec and I hike back around to the blanket with all the goodies on it and dive in. “Where’d you get all this food?” I ask Alec in between mouthfuls of canned chicken salad. The buttery crackers melt in my mouth. Yum!
"I got connections." Alec jokes.
"I bet! A perk of being a part of the upper class. The rich can get anything." I look up at him when he doesn't laugh and the grin on my face falters when I see Alec's expression. Oh crap.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Alec asks looking not so happy. 
"Um." I stutter.
"Do you classify me in the same group as Zack and Candy?" He spits their names out like they taste bad.
"I don't Alec. I was just trying to joke." I say sincerely. "I know you're nothing like them." 
He stares at me for a few seconds and then says, "Okay. I'm sorry I got kind of worked up but I couldn't stand it if that's what you thought of me. I may come from money but I work hard, I don't just sit around making other people's lives miserable like they do."
"I know. I'm sorry." I say biting my lip. I look down feeling miserable. I never meant to hurt his feelings. 
He scoots closer to me and raises my chin with his hands until my eyes are level with his. "You know it's a good thing you are cute." He says with a boyish grin that changes into a questioning look. "Hey, did you poke your eye?" 
I look at him confused. "I don't think so." I say.
"Hmm, your left eye has a red spot in it. Kind of like what happens when someone pops a blood vessel but instead it's on the brown part of your iris." His staring starts making me a little uncomfortable.
"Does it look that horrible?" I move back away from him and reach my hand up to my eye self-consciously.
"Hey, it doesn't look bad Willow. You have to be looking very closely to notice it." He pulls me back towards him and the look in his eyes makes my stomach do summersaults. "And nobody should be able to get as close to you as I do." He brushes a wet strand of hair from my face. "You are really beautiful Willow." 
Aww! My self-consciousness melts with his words. He leans in and kisses me gently. My heart races and takes a few moments to calm down even after he's pulled away. 
"Thank you Alec for this amazing day." I say as he goes back to eating his food.
"Anything for you." He says. "I wish I could have found some cake but this cookie will have to do." He pulls out a chocolate chip cookie and presents it to me. "Happy Birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Willow, happy birthday to you." He sings dramatically. 
I'm smiling so big that my face hurts. I accept the cookie from him and take a bite. It's stale like those pre-packaged cookies that sit on the shelf for months, but it satisfies my sweet tooth. I break off half and hand it to him. "For you."
"Why thank you." Alec says smiling. He takes a bite and a smudge of chocolate stains his lips. I wipe it away playfully and give him a quick peck on the cheek.
"So, today was my first time to celebrate my birthday with my boyfriend. It was the first time that we found this cave. The first time we saw the sun in a while. And it was our first fight!" I grin spiritedly at him. 
"Wow, a lot of firsts." He says. "And I'm glad I was with you for them." 
We talk some more while we finish our food and clean up. Alec tells me about some of his birthday memories. I feel bad when I find out that his mom had died a few years back. I hadn't known that about him. He moves on from the subject quickly though, not wanting to spoil the mood. 
"We better head out." Alec says regretfully after a little while.
"Yeah, I guess. Maybe we can come back on our next day off. We could show this place to Connor and Claire." I say a little torn. I want to share this amazing place with our friends but I also want to keep it as Alec and my secret place. 
"It's a date." Alec says. 
"A double date." I say with a sly grin. We both laugh at that then head out. 
The trip back seems to go by a lot faster than the trip in. Normally that's a good thing but in this case it just means I get that much less time with Alec. 
We reach the opening and climb out carefully making sure that very little noise was made. We put the grate back on and head for the elevator. It dings and we hop on. I hold the door open button while Alec fishes for our tablets. He passes both of them to me and I release the elevator button and press the button for floor three. The elevator lifts us at its usual quick speed and when it opens up into the common area we step out into a silent hallway. 
"It must be late." Alec says looking around. There isn't a single person out on the floor. 
I hand him his tablet that I'm still holding and then slide the lock screen off mine. My stomach drops when I see twenty missed messages and the time. It's nine p.m. I pull up my list of messages and my eyes halt when I see the three red bolded message lines from the shelter officials. The first notifies us of a mandatory assembly that began at seven-thirty p.m. The second one state's that I failed to check in and that I should bring my tablet to an official immediately. The third is written in all caps and says that I have twenty minutes to notify an official of my presence at the assembly or I would receive a permanent reprimand on my record. In smaller font it states that additional consequences can be assessed depending on the nature of the situation. I look at the time on the third message and see that I have exactly two minutes to bring my tablet to an official. My heart leaps into my throat and I look at Alec. 
He must have identical messages because he grabs my hand and pulls me into the elevator immediately. He presses floor one and the elevator begins moving. "Look, when this opens you separate from me and go in through another entrance to the assembly. I don't care what you say, but lie. Tell them you didn't see the messages, your tablet was off, whatever you have to tell them. Just don't tell them where we were, okay?' 
I nod and my palms starts sweating as the doors ding open. We run into the empty foyer and make our way towards headquarters. Alec runs past me to go in through an entrance further down and I take the first set of doors into the auditorium. My heart is leaping as I walk into the dim, gigantic assembly hall. A video is playing and I have no idea what's going on. Thankfully the video seems to be so enthralling that nobody notices me. 
I make my way towards a female official who is standing a few rows in front of me. I speed walk and tap her on the shoulder. She turns around and doesn't seem too pleased to see me, especially since I'm interrupting the video presentation. I hand her my tablet and whisper a bit shakily. "I um, my tablet was off and I just turned it on and it had all of these messages and the last one said that I had to bring this to you." 
The female official is a few inches taller than me and has a more masculine build to her. I feel extremely intimidated as she stares me down with beady hazel eyes. She looks down at my tablet and my heart races and presses a few things on the screen. She starts to hand it back to me but then asks, "Why did you not hand this to the official upon entering?" 
 My mind tries to come up with an excuse and I know that the pause in answering her is going to make me look guilty. I finally think of something. "I came in with my dad and we were with a really big group. Nobody asked me for it and I just figured that when they checked my dad's tablet that I would be counted present since we are together." 
She studies me for a second and looks around me as if trying to find my dad. "I've been covering this entrance and I know I wouldn't have let you go by without seeing your tablet."
Crap! "Um, I didn't come in through this entrance. I came in further down there." I point to my left. There are at least fifteen rows with different officials to my left so I figure it's the best option. She looks at me and I just know that she's going to see right through me and know that I haven't been here. She's going to ask me why I would come all the way to her to check in. She looks in that direction and I see her looking in the direction of a tall lanky male official. She rolls her eyes and a slight ping of hope hits me. Maybe she doesn't like that official. 
She returns her attention to me, her eyes squinting as if she's trying to figure me out. The crowd around us breaks out in a loud round of applause. She looks back at the screen and a look of pure disappointment covers her face. She looks back at me annoyed, pulls the screen up on my tablet, types a few things that I can't see onto the touch screen and then hands it to me. I grab it from her and she immediately walks away in search of another official. My guess is she's wanting to find out what just happened on the video. 
My heart starts slowing down the further away she gets from me. If she was still suspicious she certainly wouldn't have handed the tablet back to me. I slide into a seat on the end of a row in the back and avoid making any eye contact with those in the neighboring seats. I don't pay attention to the video that's apparently talking about the heating process. Instead, I look down at my tablet. A green warning message is displayed across it stating: Class Three Reprimand. In smaller print I read the notification that as a consequence for a Class Three Reprimand I will be assigned community service for the next month, to commence on any free day I am given. Aww Man! There go all of my hopes of further exploring our caves for a while. 
I read the general message under the reprimand, which states the different classes. Apparently a class three is the lowest level and is considered a sort of deferred adjudication where it can be removed from my permanent record upon the completion of all community service. I read the other classes of reprimands and find that class two is a serious level of discipline which requires paying restitution, completing abundant community service and it will go on the permanent record which could affect a persons employment opportunities. A class one reprimand can result in actual prison time and in some cases could result in a person being exiled from the shelter. A shiver passes down my spine. I never knew that there was a prison in this shelter, it's not labeled anywhere on the maps. I also never knew that they would actually kick someone out of here. I mean, that could be a death sentence! 
To get my mind off it, I start looking through the other seventeen messages on my tablet. There are seven messages from my dad asking where I am. They get more and more worried as they go on. I feel horrible that I put him through this. I had no idea that this assembly would be called but one of the number one rules in the shelter is to always carry your tablet. Obviously that rule is for this very purpose. 
The other messages are from Connor and Claire just asking where I'm at and commenting on the video. It turns out the whole thing is about how the removal of the patches is working. The earth is heating up nicely, yada, yada, yada. They still estimate that we will need to remain in the shelter for another two years. Connor complains about that part the most. Especially since his parents are out there. I concur with that, I don't want to wait another two years to find out if my mom and little brother survived, but I obviously don't have much choice. 
My tablet vibrates and a new message from Alec comes on the screen. "Are you okay?" 
"Yes, I got a reprimand though." I type back.
"What?!" He texts which tells me that he must have gotten through the situation a lot better than I did. 
"Yes, it's only a class three though." I say. 
A few minutes pass and then he sends, "Okay, that doesn't look like it will be too bad. How many days did you get of community service?" He must have just searched through the shelter facts to find out what the different classes mean.
"I have to go on every free day for a month." I type.
"I'm so sorry babe. This is my fault." He sends. 
My stomach flutters in a good way at his use of the word babe. I can't help smiling as I type. "Not your fault. This still was the best b-day ever." 
"I still feel horrible but I will find a way to make it up to you." He types.
"You don't have to make up anything. I'll be fine. Looks like they are about to let out." I type as the lights come on in the auditorium. Everyone around me starts getting up and I follow suit. 
I head back to my room immediately. When I get in I answer my dad's texts and let him know that I'm fine. I was just sitting with my friends. He seems relieved to hear back from me. He tells me that he has to go back into work but that he loves me. He sends another text with a picture of a birthday cake. 
Dad: Happy Birthday Honey!
Me: Thanks!
My heart warms knowing my dad remembered after all. I need to find time to talk to my dad about what's been going on in my life. We used to be close and not telling him about everything seems unnatural. My dad has always been there to support me but lately we've had zero time together. I make a promise to myself that the next time we have alone time I will tell him about Alec and even about our cave. 
I take a shower and change into my pajamas. It feels good when I lay down in my bed. I didn't realize how tired I was from our exploring and then the emotional stress of finding out we nearly missed the assembly. I was going to text Claire to see how her time with Connor and Lillie was but I find it hard to keep my eyes open. I decide it can wait till tomorrow and I succumb to the sleep that is calling my name so sweetly. 
CHAPTER 13 (Ninety-three days inside.)

Seven a.m. comes far too early as my tablet vibrates me awake. I yawn and stretch my arms over my head. I practically crawl into the bathroom mumbling about how I hate mornings along the way. I’m quiet though as to not wake my sleeping father. I turn on the sink and splash my face with cool water. As I towel dry it off I take a glimpse of myself in the mirror. 
My eyes widen in horror as I take in that eye Alec was talking about. It is not just a small dot of red, it’s like a quarter of my eye is red. What's even freakier is the dark green ring that circles my iris. I know that's never been there before!
I lean in close to the mirror and open my eyes wider to examine it. It looks creepy to me. The only time you see red irises are in those badly depicted vampire movies. I move my face around allowing the light to shine all around my eye. What the heck is wrong with me? With the green and red, my eye looks like Christmas time gone wrong. Deep down I want to run to the nearest doctor to get this thing looked at, but something is telling me not to. Just wait it out Willow, I tell myself. 
I sneak back into the other room where my tablet is and bring it into the bathroom with me. I remembered seeing a small, funny looking dot on the top of the tablet. My guess is it's a camera. I search the icons for a camera app and find one. Ah, ha! I say to myself. I position the camera up to the mirror and get a close-up shot of my eye. I send it to Alec and ask him in the message.
Me: Is this how it looked yesterday? 
I hit send and wait. With nothing else to do I braid my hair. As I am clasping the bottom with a rubber band my tablet vibrates. 
Alec: I don’t think so, but maybe it’s the light. You might want to get that looked at.
Then a second later another message pops up.
Alec: Ah crap, I just cut myself. Got 2 run! 
Me: K
 I push the tablet aside. I’m trying to put two and two together and it doesn’t make sense. I’ve seen what it looks like when you poke your eye and it…bleeds. Sabby did it once when he was about three with one of my pencils and it didn’t look like this. It looked like it was bleeding, not perfect and symmetrical. It just doesn’t add up. 
Suddenly I’m overly self-conscious about it. I pull my hair back down out of the braid and arrange it in front of my face. In a fleeting moment, which I most definitely don’t think through, I grab some scissors and cut some long bangs around my face. I cringe upon seeing long strands of my hair fall to the floor. No going back now. I guess my vanity is getting the best of me today. I work to try to even them out. In the end my bangs end up long enough to where if I wanted, they would nearly cover my eyes. I cut them in an angle though so they can swoop over my left eye. I figure there's no use in walking around fully blind when my right eye seems normal...for now. 
I look in the mirror to examine the finished product. A long exasperated sigh escapes me. I keep telling myself in my head over and over that it’s a new fashion statement. Tomorrow, everyone will do the same and cut bangs like mine. Yeah right, Willow, my annoying common sense chimes in.
I glance down at the clock and realize I only have a few minutes before I have to be down to breakfast. I scoop up the hair as best as I can, dispose of it in the trash and put back the scissors. I hurriedly get dressed, grab my tablet, and b-line for the cafeteria all the while careful not to wake my dad. 
Self-consciously I drag my newly cut bangs in front of my eyes thinking man, if I only had my sunglasses this would be ten times easier. I could just feign a headache and be done with it. 
I drag my tray over to Connor and Claire sitting it down with a thump. 
“Wow,” proclaims Connor. “Did someone wake up Emo this morning?” 
Claire slaps Connor on the shoulder. “Hey, I like the bangs, it’s totally cool!” She exclaims in what sounds like mock enthusiasm. 
“Thanks,” I mutter while keeping my head down. 
The rest of breakfast is strangely quiet with Connor and Claire saying something every now and then to break up the awkward silences. Except what they say isn’t making sense. 
One time Connor blurts out, “I WONDER WHY CLAIRE DOESN’T LIKE SHOW TUNES.” It sounds muffled…different. 
And, one time Claire said to no one in particular, “YEAH, A NAIL SALON WOULD BE NICE,” her voice sounding different too. 
I can’t put a finger on what’s going on.
After breakfast we trek up to our classroom and take our seats. There are so many voices’ talking it’s hard to think straight. To my surprise I look around and notice that I can hear people talking but practically no one is moving their lips. It’s so strangely bizarre and foreign that I put my head in my hands and cover my ears. The sounds are somewhat muffled, but not in the least bit gone. 
I shake my head and look up grunting in frustration. I must have grunted pretty loud because all heads, including Ms. Thomas’ turn in my direction. “Sorry,” I mutter. “Bad headache.” Yes, Willow. That’ll explain your attitude and your new hairstyle. 
Heads begin to turn away from me but I hear comments like: "FREAK, LONER," and "LOOSER," drifting from different people in the room. I can’t understand why Ms. Thomas is letting them say these things. 
I look to Ms. Thomas for help and hear her say in a muffled voice, “TEENAGERS, THIS JOB MAKES ME SICK. I DON'T EVEN GET MY SATURDAYS OFF ANYMORE. THIS IS SO NOT WORTH IT!” 
I furrow my brow in utter frustration and look over to Connor and Claire. To my surprise they’re facing forward like nothing is happening. I pull the text app on my tablet up and text a hurried group message to them. 
Me: Did you just hear what Ms. Thomas said??? 
I hit send and watch as Connor and Claire get the messages. 
They both look confused. I hear them say, “NO,” but again in those bizarre muffled voices. My tablet vibrates softly in my palms and they both respond with No.
I’m beginning to get freaked out. I look over to Claire who looks like she’s doodling on her tablet. Suddenly, in the middle of class I hear her say, “BLAH, BLAH, BLAH. THIS TEACHER CAN RAMBLE! SERIOUSLY, WHY WOULD SHE THINK WE’RE LISTENING? THIS HAS TO BE THE MOST BORING CLASS EVER!” 
At this point my mouth drops to the floor. I look up at Ms. Thomas and she just continues on with the lesson! Is she deaf? I shrug my shoulders and decide to try it out, “Boring,” I say loud enough for everyone to hear. 
My face pales as Ms. Thomas stops mid-sentence and turns to face me, complete with beady eyes and a red face. I sink low into my seat. “What did you just say, Willow?” She says as she spits my name. Then I hear her say in a muffled voice, “YOU LITTLE TWERP, YOU THINK I LIKE DOING THIS?” 
My eyes go wide at this. Her mouth didn’t move. I think it’s at this moment I have come to accept that I’m going crazy. “Nothing,” is all I can stand to mutter in response. 
“That’s what I thought,” Ms. Thomas says while turning around, continuing the lesson. 
I look over to Claire whose face is burning red. She gives me a look like, what gives, and I just shrug my shoulders. I keep my hand over my ears for the rest of the class until the bell rings.
I grab my tablet and hurry out the door eager to get away from the bizarre and personal comments no one should dare say aloud. As I walk towards the cafeteria I keep my head low realizing that the muffled dialogue I’m hearing is dramatically decreased when I do this. But, keeping my head low does have its consequences. I practically mow over several people with my tray on the way to our table. It’s ϋber embarrassing.
Claire and Connor each slam their trays down and display a look of annoyance. I cringe and Claire begins, “Willow, what the hell is wrong with you?” Leave it to the normally calm natured girl to speak up first. She stares me down. Then in her muffled voice I hear her say, “SHE’S ACTING SO BIZARRE, MAYBE SHE’S ON DRUGS.” 
“I am not on drugs,” I say to defend myself. 
Claire’s mouth falls open, “What did you just say?” 
“I said I’m not on drugs,” I repeat, confused by why she’s asking me to repeat it. 
“Willow, I didn’t say that.” 
I give her a disgruntled look. “I just heard you!” Then it dawns on me, and a look so horrific must come over my face as I watch Connor and Claire’s reaction to my epiphany. “Wait, Claire, think of a number between one and ten million. And Connor, think of a color, not a primary color, but one that is bizarre.” 
They look at each other and shrug their shoulders. “ONE-HUNDRED-THOUSAND,” I hear Claire mutter softly. 
“MACARONI AND CHEESE YELLOW,” I hear Connor say almost in unison with Claire’s response. 
“One-hundred-thousand and macaroni and cheese yellow.” I say, watching for their reaction. Connor and Claire grip the sides of their chairs and look at me completely bewildered. They both look like they are on the verge of passing out. “Sit,” I command. The last thing I want to do is invite more unwanted attention to myself.
"What the heck was that Willow?" Claire asks. Connor just continues staring at me with a blank expression. 
"I don't know. It's like I woke up and now I can hear everything!" I exclaim.
"Everything, Everything?" Connor asks. The dumbfounded expression is still on his face. "CLAIRE IS HOT." I hear Connor's muffled voice say. 
"Yeah, I think she doesn't know just how beautiful she really is." I say looking at Claire. Connor's mouth drops open again and Claire's cheeks redden as she realizes what I must have heard in his mind. 
"How do you turn it off?" Claire asks.
I shrug my shoulders. "I have no idea. I mean I can muffle it somewhat if I keep my head down and don't look at anyone."
"I think the better question is how did you turn it on?" Connor asks.
"I'm not sure how I turned it on." I'm starting to feel a little frustrated about my lack of knowledge when it comes to these new freak worthy skills.
"Why do you think this is happening now?" Claire's expression is thoughtful and curious.
"I. Don't. Know." I enunciate each word with frustration. I feel like an instant jerk when Claire's face falls. "I'm sorry, I just don't know any more than you do. I really need to see Alec." My head is starting to pound again so I rub my temples with my index fingers. I look up at Claire with watering eyes. 
She looks at me and immediately gets up from the table and comes around to sit by my side. She rubs my back soothingly and says, "It's okay sweetie we'll figure this out." She pushes the hair from out of my face and I look up to hear her muffled voice say, "She looks sick." The second she registers my eyes she gasps. "What in the world?" A whole series of questions that I can't quite make out are running through her head. 
I quickly look down and hold my hands to my ears. My head is pounding so hard now that I feel as if it's going to explode.
"Should we take her to the doctor?" Connor asks worried. 
"No! Alec." I say through clenched teeth. My head is hurting and each word feels like a hammer hitting my temple. I keep my head down as Claire stands and helps me up from the table. I walk that way staring at Connor and Claire's white tennis shoes as they lead me out of the cafeteria. For the time being I can't hear any inner thoughts but I doubt I would really be able to concentrate anyhow with this pulsating headache. 
I watch a pair of bare feet walk towards us. They are perfectly pedicured with hot pink nail polish that can only belong to one girl that I know. When I hear the hyena laugh I know that my guess was right on the money. 
I look up to see Candy, Zack and their posse walking in our direction. I look away quickly but the voices have already started to flutter into my brain. Candy's muffled inside voice is just as annoying as her real one. "PATHETIC. WHAT DOES HE SEE IN HER? AND THOSE BANGS? ICK!" 
I hear one of the other guys say something about Candy's rear end but surprisingly I can't hear a thing that Zack is thinking. I look up at him and he gives me a strange eerie look. I look down quickly only to see his tennis shoes stop directly in front of me. 
"So where do you think you're going?" Zack asks. 
I keep my head down and Connor speaks up for me. "She's not feeling well. I'm taking her to the nurse." 
"Hmm, looks like someone had a little too much fun last night. So was it pain pills? Alcohol? What did you get into darling? Cause rumor has it you were late to the assembly." Zack says a little too coy-like.
How in the freak did he know that? I look up at him surprised. I strain my mind to hear what he's thinking but it's like I'm hitting a brick wall. The one time I could use this freaky gift thing and it doesn't work?
Claire yanks me to the side out of Zack's path and then pulls me forward down the hall away from them. "Jerks!" She yells. 
Candy laughs and so do some of the other guys. 
Connor is at my other side and they both usher me into a nearby elevator. I look up to see Zack still staring at me intensely as the elevator doors close. A chill runs down my spine as I get the feeling that somehow he knows what's up with me. 
The elevator pops open and we start walking towards the office in headquarters. When we reach the second floor area that is open to below with all of the different offices and shops, my head nearly pops off. Floods of voices fill my brain. It sounds like millions of people yelling in a language I can't understand it’s so jumbled and garbled up I can't make out a single thing. 
"Ohh!" I cry out as I grasp at my head and push my hands over my ears. It hurts so bad and I can't get it to stop. My knees buckle and I feel myself falling but Connor catches me before I hit the floor. He picks me up and runs with me away from the open air area into a much quieter hall. 
"Go get Alec." Connor instructs Claire and I hear her running ahead of us. He finds an empty office and takes me inside. 
He lies me down on the floor out of sight of the windows. "I think this office is empty. Are you sure I shouldn't get the nurse?" He asks looking at me worriedly. 
I shake my head. I feel the tears running down my cheeks because while the headache isn't as debilitating as it was in the main headquarters area, it still hurts horribly. 
"What happened?" Alec demands as he runs to my side and drops to the floor. 
I keep my eyes shut because it's helping with the headache a bit. "It hurts." Is all I manage to say to him. 
"We're going to the doctor." He says while starting to pull me into his arms.
I shake my head and more tears of frustration start to fall through my shut eyes. 
"Look at me Willow." He pushes the hair back from my face and I start to open my eyes to look up at him. I blink away the tears and stare into his eyes. I can't help noticing the dark blue ring that is now outlining the outer area of his once solid emerald colored eyes. I stare into them for several seconds before I notice, all of a sudden, that the headache is completely gone. There is zero pain. I can even hear his inner voice now and it's the most beautiful thing I've heard in a while. "I CAN'T LET ANYTHING HAPPEN TO YOU. I LOVE YOU." 
My heart flutters and my breath catches. I can hear him going through his mind about how worried he was that I was sick but I'm looking better now. Then he thinks about how beautiful I look even with my new bangs. He's intrigued by my eyes and thinks about the change he's noticed in his as well. 
"Are you okay babe?" He asks. 
I nod my head. "Yes, I think so."
"What happened?" He asks. He's stroking my hair back soothingly and it feels so good that if I were a cat I would purr. 
"I have no idea." 
"She doesn't know what's going on with her but some freaky stuff is happening here." Connor says. Claire nods in agreement. 
"Like what?" Alec directs his question towards me. 
I cringe worried that I'm going to sound like a nut job. "I really don't know but it's like I woke up and my eyes looked all crazy and I've been getting these headaches and I can hear what people think." I say it all in one quick breath. 
"What people think?" Alec looks at me as if I made a joke that he didn't quite get. 
"She's not messing around man, she really can hear thoughts. I'm telling you, freaky stuff here!" Connor interrupts, looking completely frazzled. 
I sit up now, allowing Alec to still cradle me somewhat in his arms. I need him to believe me, so I lean in and whisper ever so softly in his ear, "I love you too." I lean my forehead against his for a second as if my brain can transmit to his brain what I'm feeling and what I'm going through. I pull back and look into his eyes and can see instantly that he believes me. 
"Wow." Is all he says out loud, but inside he says, "I LOVE YOU," again and again. He studies my eyes and I hear his inner voice, which tells me that he doesn't find them creepy, but interesting instead. 
"A-hum." Connor breaks up our intimate moment. "GROSS, THAT'S LIKE MY SISTER." I hear him saying inside his head.
"SO SWEET!." Claire says inside her head. 
She playfully shoves Connor for interrupting our moment then she gets right to business. "Is your head feeling better?"
I nod and then move off of Alec's lap and sit cross-legged on the ground. We are now all sitting in a small circle. 
"That's interesting. I guess you have the magic touch Alec." She jokes but I look at Alec as if something clicked. 
"Yeah, it was like the instant I looked into your eyes my headache went away." I say looking at Alec. 
He has a strange expression and I hear him say inside his head, "NO IT 'S NOT POSSIBLE."
"What's not possible?" I ask. 
He looks at me wide eyed and then inside his head I hear him say, "I DON'T KNOW HOW KEEN I AM THAT YOU CAN READ MY MIND." 
I smile up at him. "I don't know how to turn it off yet."
"Okay, well we will have to figure that out. Anyhow, a few weird things have been happening to me today too. I cut myself shaving this morning. I saw myself bleeding and everything. I immediately washed my face off with water and then when I looked up again in the mirror the cut was gone. Like it just vanished." He says. 
"Hmm, maybe it wasn't as bad as you thought it was man." Connor says attempting to lighten the mood.
"I said that to myself this morning too. However, a few hours later I got a nasty paper cut while filing some paperwork. I ran to the restroom and cleaned off all the blood only to find that there was no cut or any type of laceration on my hand anywhere." Alec looks at me and pulls some of the hair back from his forehead. He points to a spot at the top right corner near his hairline. "The freakiest thing of all is this!" 
I look at him confused. "There's nothing there." 
"Exactly! I've had a scar there since I was five years old. I fell out of a tree, or actually I was pushed out of a tree when my friend got mad that I beat him to the top. I scraped my head on one of the branches on the way down and had to get ten stitches to close it up. I've always had that scar…until today." He pushes the pant leg up on his left leg. "And right here, there was a large burn from where I stupidly wore shorts while riding a dirt bike when I was thirteen. My leg had rubbed up against the exhaust pipe and it singed the skin right off." He points to his inner calf. "I have no scars anywhere. They are all gone!" 
He rakes his hand through his hair. “I JUST DON’T UNDERSTAND. IT’S SCARING THE CRAP OUT OF ME.” I hear his inner voice mutter. 
I reach over and take his hand in mine rubbing my thumb across his in a comforting gesture. I bite my bottom lip trying to sift through all this newly discovered information. 
Claire’s been sitting pretty despondent but finally speaks up. “I don’t know what’s going on but whatever it is has to be connected to something you,” she says while pointing to me, “and Alec have done that Connor and I haven’t.” 
I nod my head in agreement, she has a point. I furrow my brow trying to take it all in. Hesitantly, I notice I’m not hearing anyone’s thoughts. That's odd. “Claire,” I begin. “Think of something, like your favorite flavor of ice cream.” 
“Um, okay,” she says aloud. 
I listen expecting to hear something but come up blank. 
“So…?” she implores. 
I shrug my shoulders, “I didn’t hear anything.” I’m not sure if I feel relief or what. My tablet goes off and I let go of Alec's hand so I can check it. 
 " OH, I PROBABLY OUGHT TO CHECK INTO WORK." I hear Claire say in her head. 
"I’M STILL HUNGRY." Connor says inside his. He rubs his belly and I barely contain my laugh. 
"That's so weird. I can hear you all again." I say looking at each of them. 
I look to Alec and he says inside, "THIS IS PURE CRAZI… " I grab his hand and his thoughts are instantly cut off. I let go of his hand again. "WHAT IS SHE DO… " I grab his hand again. 
"Um, are you feeling okay Willow?" Alec raises one of his eyebrows in serious question.
"Yeah, it's just that for some reason, when I hold your hand I can't hear anyone's thoughts but when I let go, I can hear them again. It's like you are buffering them when we make physical contact." 
I move closer to Claire and grab a hold of her hand. "UM, AWKWARD.." She says in her head, while Connor mutters, "THAT’S HOT, " in his. 
"So it only works when I'm holding your hand." I'm staring at Alec now and he looks just as intrigued as me. 
"That's really interesting." He says rubbing his temples as if that could somehow give him all of the answers to what's going on right now.
I look down at my tablet and the calendar reminder is on the screen stating that I have to report to the assembly hall for community service immediately. "I wonder why I don't have work today." I look to Alec.
"As a gift for having such high test scores in our shelter they've given all of the students a second free day. I couldn't find a way to schedule you all to have the same two free days this time." Alec says looking apologetic.
"Not that it would matter anyhow since I have to do community service for the next month." I sigh heavily. 
Claire and Connor look excited. "How long will we be getting two free days?"
"It's indefinite as of right now so don't worry." He smiles a sexy smile.
"Good. Well I have to go, I only have three minutes left, but we will talk more later." I can hear mutters of them feeling sorry for me. 
Alec's is the worst because in his head he wishes he had the community service. He blames himself that I'm stuck with it. I lean in to kiss him goodbye and as if I put in the best earplugs ever made, the entire world goes quiet. It’s just Alec and me sharing a goose bump, tummy fluttering, swoon worthy kiss. 
I pull back and the world goes haywire again inside my head but this time I feel energized and healthy. I no longer feel a pounding headache or the overwhelming exhaustion. I tell everyone goodbye and head out of the room with a spring in my step. I walk, or more so run through the halls towards the assembly room. When I reach the main outer area where the assembly hall is located I try to open the main doors but find them locked. I walk along the hall that surrounds the exterior of the enormous circular assembly room, trying to find a door that's unlocked. I try several but have no luck. I keep walking the perimeter and find myself nearing the end of a large, empty hallway where there is a final set of metal double doors. I presume this is the entrance for the assembly speakers and staff. 
A chill runs up my spine when I hear footsteps behind me. I open my mind to try to hear the thoughts of whoever is approaching but all I hear is dead silence. My heart starts racing as I realize just how deserted this area of the hall is. I turn around slowly to find Zack a few feet behind me. 
"Hey sugar." He calls to me. 
Nausea rolls in my stomach and something about this situation tells me I should get out of it. I remain facing him but start backing away. He chuckles and moves towards me. 
"Um, hey Zack." I say trying to keep the nervousness out of my voice. I stare at him long and hard trying to find a way to read his mind. I need to know what his intentions are and am frustrated to find myself hitting a brick wall when it comes to reading him. 
"So, I'm thinking you and I need to talk." He says in a sly voice. 
He's bridged the gap between us. I step backwards quickly and feel the cool hard surface of the wall hit my spine. I look to the side and realize that I just backed myself into a corner only a few feet away from the door. "Maybe later, I'm late." I say. This time I can't hide the quiver in my voice. 
Zack steps even closer to me now, invading my personal space. He places both of his arms on the wall on either side of my head caging me in. My heart starts beating at rapid speeds and my brain is telling me to run. He leans ever so close, to where his eyes are now only inches from mine. 
He stares at me with this strange intensity that I've never seen before. I don't know if it's the lighting or if it's just me, but it almost appears that the alternating colors of green, brown and yellow that make up his hazel eyes are swirling. "Kiss me." He says in a quietly demanding voice.
My mind goes a little hazy and my eyelids droop. Something in me makes me move ever so closer to him. I look down at his lips and start closing my eyes. I don't feel the same butterflies in my stomach that I get when I'm anticipating kissing Alec. Alec! 
I shut my eyes tight and shake my head. What was I thinking? My muscles tense up as I recoil from him. I move my head back even further against the wall as if trying to make myself one with it. "What the freak? Hell no!" I say loudly.
He looks shocked and I take that instant to push him away and speed towards the door. He catches my arm and pulls me back. 
"What did you just say?" He asks in complete shock.
"I said hell no! What are you thinking Zack? Let me go!" I yell at him while struggling to pull my arm free from his hold. He only grips my arm tighter and I cringe in pain. Realizing that he's hurting me, he releases his grip. Well maybe he's not a total psycho if he's not trying to hurt me. I think to myself but something is really wrong with him.
He pulls me closer to him again. He's got a hold of both of my arms now but he's not squeezing them tight enough to make it hurt. He puts his eyes even closer to mine and tries again. "I said KISS me!" He says each word with such a force that I feel compelled to listen to him. That same sensation goes through me and I start leaning in towards him, my eyes start to close and then bam, I snap out of it again! I turn my head from him. 
He squeezes my arms tightly and then backs away from me laughing strangely. "What is wrong with you?" 
"What is wrong with me? What is wrong with you? Do girls actually kiss you when you do that? I mean, you can't just go up to someone that you've been a punk to and expect them to promptly obey you when you tell them to kiss you." I look at him incredulously. My cheeks heat and my brain reels over the possible reasons as to why I nearly obeyed him. I love Alec. Why in the world would I actually have contemplated kissing Zack, even for a second? I take some deep breaths. I don't want to show Zack just how much he ruffled my feathers. 
He moves closer to me and studies me again. I try to back up and find myself up against the same wall. Stupid wall! 
He pushes my bangs out of my eyes and stares at them with a strange intensity. I find myself somehow frozen for a second but I come to my senses and slap his hand away allowing my bangs to fall back in front of my eyes again. 
"Something is going on with you." He says accusingly. There is no hint that he's guessing; he knows something is up.
"What do you mean?" I ask trying to play dumb but my heartbeat has sped up again and I can hear it in my ears. I would pay a million pennies for this guy's thoughts. Why can't I hear him?
"I mean, your eyes are different and something is going on with you. You wouldn't listen to me. How did you do that?" Zack asks.
"I don't get it Zack, what are you trying to ask? Not everyone has to listen to you." I'm now thoroughly annoyed and a little freaked out. 
"Excuse me." A man clears his throat behind me. "Is there a problem here?" He asks.
I turn around to see an older gentleman in his late forties with greying hair and pale green scrubs standing at the now open doorway to the assembly room. 
I take the opportunity to say, "Yes, I'm Willow Mosby. I'm reporting to community service and this man is bothering me." I point to Zack who gives me a smug look. I wouldn't be so smug if I just got caught harassing someone. 
The old man comes up to where we are standing and gives Zack a stern look. "Are you bothering this young lady?" 
Zack looks into the man's eyes, which instantly glaze over. "No I'm not bothering her. We were just talking." Zack looks at me with a slick smile.
The man turns towards me and shakes his head just a bit. "It sounds like you two were just having a nice chat. Now you need to come inside. You are late for our service rotation. We will have to add an additional week due to this, which will make it five weeks total of community service for you young lady." 
Zack puts his hand on his shoulder and the man turns around again. His eyes glaze over as Zack talks to him. "No, she's not late. Also, today is the last day of her community service. She will have satisfied all terms of it after today. Do you understand?" 
The man nods his head. Zack lets go of him and the man turns back to me. "I bet you are glad to be finished with your community service today. It's time to go in. You of course don't want to be late." 
"Yes sir." I say incredulously to him. I look back at Zack with wide eyes. 
He turns to walk in the opposite direction down the hall. "We'll talk more later sugar." He waves his hand at me and continues walking away.
That may have been the strangest fifteen minutes of my life. I follow the old man into the auditorium to complete my first and last day of community service. 
To my complete surprise, Alec is leaning against the banister looking mighty fine as my community service shift comes to an end. My head is pounding after having to listen to people’s thoughts hour after hour. It wasn't too long after being away from Alec that my mind became susceptible to people’s thoughts again. I couldn’t figure out how to turn it off. Sadly, I’ve notice when people have idle time; it gives them more time to think, which means a bigger headache for me. 
I waste no time jumping into Alec’s arms. He wraps them around me in a comforting hug and plants a soft kiss on my lips. I let out a soft moan as all my aches and pains slip quickly away. My body feels refreshed. It feels like I’ve had a day at the spa, not a day hunched over picking up trash. Alec kisses me softly on the nape of my neck, before placing me gently back down on my feet.
“You are my saving grace, you know that?” I ask Alec. 
A smile fills his face as he stares at me. “Glad to be of service ma’am.” He acts like he’s tipping his hat to me and I laugh. “I figured you’d need me after an afternoon like this,” he says as he sweeps his arm gesturing to the others that are leaving. 
“You have no idea.” I reply. We start walking back towards the commons area. I gratefully hold Alec’s hand as we walk, relishing in the much needed silence. “So, what did you do today?” I ask Alec. 
****
Alec and I eat a perfectly normal dinner together. We part ways a little while later. After a very nice goodnight kiss I head to my room for the night. 
Time to check the mirror! I've been wanting to do it all day to see if my eye has gotten any better. I lean in close to the mirror and brush my bangs out of my left eye. 
Geeze! It's not getting better at all, its only getting worse! The green ring still circles my iris but it looks more pronounced. The red spot is still there and now there's a little bit of dark blue to the right of my pupil. 
Urgh! What in the world is going on with me? Before I lay down for the night I tell myself that if it's not better in a few days, I will go to the doctor.
CHAPTER 14 (Ninety-four days inside.)

My work schedule on Sunday is so busy that I barely get to see Alec at all. They gave me a heavy workload today probably because most everyone is off except me and three other runners. 
When five o'clock rolls around I gladly hand my tablet over to Alec to download my delivery signatures. We are the last two in the office so I sit on top of his desk next to him as he finishes the last of his work. I watch him typing furiously on the keyboard. I don't pay attention to the words being entered on the screen, instead I take the time to study him in a way that you can't do when someone's looking at you. Well, at least not without totally creeping him out. 
His hair is so dark that it nearly looks black on most days. Today, when I look at it just the right way I can see the deep brown and chestnut colors that stand out underneath the light. I also notice that his eyebrows furrow in and his eyes squint ever so slightly when he's concentrating. It's endearing. 
I inch myself closer so I can see more of his eyes. The deep emerald green that he once had is now completely replaced with the most unique shade of navy blue that I've ever seen. It starts out dark, almost black around the outer part of his eye and then fades into a lighter, yet still navy shade of blue as it leads into his pupils. Both of his eyes are completely changed and I wonder why only one of mine has changed. 
Alec turns and catches me staring. He doesn't say anything though. He shuts the computer off and stands up from his chair. He leans in to where I'm sitting on his desk and studies me. 
"What are you doing?" I know I'm blushing and it's possible that I should feel self-conscious but nothing about Alec's stare makes me feel unsure of myself. If anything the look that he's giving me makes me feel beautiful and more confident. 
"I figured if you got to study me for an uninterrupted five minutes then I should get to do the same to you." He smiles. 
"Oh, you saw that?" I push some of my hair behind my ear. 
He nods his head but continues to appraise me. 
My body feels warm and flush and the butterflies are dancing around again in my stomach. The silence is killing me so I decide to break it. "So, what exactly are you studying?"
"Hmm, an exquisite specimen really." He says in his best official scientific voice. 
I crack a smile at his corniness. 
"Yes, her teeth are perfectly white. Her unruly waves have a color that is quite unique, it reminds me of a mix between caramel and toasted coconut."
I giggle. "I'm sure it doesn't taste as good as either of those." 
He pushes his hand through my hair and continues. "Her eyes are almond shaped and one is the most beautiful brown I've ever seen." 
I put my hand up to my left eye knowing that it must look horrible and freakish. 
He pulls my hand away and sets it gently on my lap. He pushes my bangs aside and says, "And the other one is the most amazing mixture of colors that she seems to think is odd but I think it's stunning." He kisses me on my cheek then finishes. "I will conclude my findings with one final appraising statement. Willow Mosby, you are the most breathtakingly beautiful creature that I've ever set eyes on." 
I forget to breath, instead I stare at him stunned yet feeling so loved and more beautiful than I've ever felt before. He pulls me into his arms in a passionate kiss. I stand up and lean into him. I feel as if we aren't close enough. I feel a lightheaded dizziness wash over me as our lips part.
He kisses me on the bridge of my nose and then says, "We better get you something to eat. You've been working your tail off." 
"Sounds good to me." I look up and give him a peck on the cheek before we head out of the office. 
Alec puts his arm around me and pulls me closer to him as we walk. 
“Have you seen Connor or Claire today?” I ask.
He nods his head. “Yeah, I saw them earlier. They were on their way to you-know-where,” he says in a hushed voice since there are a lot of people moving about in the hallway. 
“Ah, I wonder if they found the other part of the cave.” I say in a hushed whisper. 
"I don't know how I feel about that." Alec says in thought. 
I have the same mixed feelings. That place was so special and I selfishly wanted to keep it just Alec and my place. I push that feeling aside knowing that my friends deserve to know about the cave too. "I hear you but if they haven’t found it, we should definitely show them next time we are there." 
"You're right babe. They would totally love it." Alec says as we enter the cafeteria and jump in line. 
After we get our food we end up finding Connor and Claire sitting at our usual spot. They aren’t even touching their food but are talking in hushed whispers. Claire spots me and practically jumps out of her seat to her feet. 
I stop, taken back by her audacity. Claire is such a shy, ‘in the background’ kind of person. I don’t know if I’ve ever seen her jumpy…or is it excited? I can’t tell. “Hey Claire, what’s up?” I barely get the words out of my mouth before I’m dragged by my free hand over to sit next to her. 
Claire squeals with delight. “Guess where we went today?” Claire asks trying but feigning to hide her buoyancy. 
I sit quickly, ready for her to dish it out. 
“We went back to the cave today and found the most amazing place!” 
I share a knowing look with Alec. Not wanting to rain on her parade, I let her continue while acting mildly surprised. “Really? What was it?” 
Claire looks so excited that she just might explode in a few seconds. “We found another cave, it was so cool! It had a big underground spring, but it was a lot warmer. We could even see the sky!" She looks at me in amazed anticipation then continues. "The sunlight came in from above us through this little hole. It was so amazing! I can't believe we actually saw the real sky! It's seems like forever since we've seen outside! I wish you were there!” She takes a deep breath, winded from talking so fast. She then gives me a frown extenuating her last point. 
 I nod my head in response trying to look interested. I hope she doesn’t get mad when I tell her Alec and I have already been there. Claire drones on while I eat. I nod my head every now and then to show her I’m listening. But when I see Candy sitting in a nearby table I can't help but shift my thought focus to Zack. 
His actions yesterday were so unsettling and I can’t put a finger on the extent of my anxious feelings yet. There are too many unanswered questions with Zack. Does he know about my newfound abilities? How on earth did he make that man change his mind about my community service? I think back to the picture I saw so long ago in his room. His eyes are different now than they were in that picture. Could that be correlated to the changes Alec and I are seeing in ours?
My head starts aching again as Claire continues on about the cave. I rub my temples, then I run my hands up over my head bringing my bangs up with it. I should probably tell her we were at the cave earlier, I think to myself. I look up at Claire who has suddenly stopped talking. I soon realize that I must have lifted my mental guard because suddenly I can hear her thoughts. I should stop listening in, but my curiosity wins. 
“WOW, HER EYES LOOK CRAZY WEIRD NOW. IS THERE A HAZEL SPOT IN THEM NOW? YES, IT’S RIGHT THERE! I WONDER IF SHE KNOWS…SHOULD I TELL HER?” 
 “Hazel? What do you mean hazel?” I ask interrupting Claire’s inner monologue. 
“Oh, man. I totally forgot you can do that!” 
I look away in embarrassment. “Sorry Claire. I’m trying to work on that.” 
She pulls her arm around me. “Willow! I know you can’t help it.” She puts her face right in front of mine and talks to me like she would a small child. “It must stink having to hear everyone’s thoughts, well, it’s probably cool sometimes. Well, I don’t know... Just know it’s okay. You’re my best friend, and well, if I had to choose one person that could do that, I’d choose you.” The sentiment in her voice is almost tangible. I smile at her. 
“Thanks Claire bear.” I say back to her. Her face beams. I guess she likes the nickname Connor gave her. 
Suddenly, I remember what Claire just said. My eye has hazel in it now? I look around for a mirrored surface and find my spoon. I pick it up and move into the light just enough so I can see a semi-clear reflection. I move my bangs out of the way and gasp at my reflection. There’s a definite trace of hazel in my eye now. It lines the outer edge of my left eye just outside of the red portion. I look at my other eye and it still reflects the normal brown it’s always been. I compare the two a few more times before looking back at the table. 
Everyone stares back at me, expressions all blank. What do you say when freaky things are going on with your friend anyhow? 
Alec breaks protocol and inches closer to me. He gently pulls my bangs back and tilts my chin up towards the light. "I still just see beautiful." 
I half smile but still feel freaked out. I hadn't noticed the hazel earlier this morning when I was getting ready. This means my eye is getting more and more freakier by the second. “What’s going on with me?” I ask him just above a faint whisper. I’m too terrified to ask anything else for fear he may know the answers. 
“I don’t know, but I'm sure you are fine. My eyes are changing too, so you aren't alone." He tries to comfort me. 
I take a deep breath trying to chill out. I'm scared that tomorrow I will wake up and have another crazy color in my eye or perhaps it will just turn into a freaking rainbow! I know I'm totally setting myself up for a panic attack so I take breath several deep breaths trying to calm myself. 
I look out around the cafeteria and my eyes stop cold when I see Zack. He’s standing about twenty feet away leaning up against a pillar. He gives me a wicked smile, then turns and walks away. I get goose bumps on my arms and an unsettled feeling as I turn back towards Alec. 
“What’s wrong?” He asks me, barely above a whisper. 
“We need to talk.” I reply simply. 
"NO." I hear someone yell in my head.
What in the world? That did not sound like Alec. Alec stares at me like I'm crazy. I look around the cafeteria and find Zack standing across the room near the exit of the cafeteria. 
"DON’T YOU DARE TELL HIM ABOUT ME." He's staring at me boldly now. 
I hear his thoughts loud and clear as if he's talking directly inside my head. How can I hear him? I couldn't hear him before! 
"Are you okay Willow?" Alec asks. He puts his hand on my shoulder as if to steady me. He looks in the direction that I'm staring, but he's too late, Zack has already left. 
I open my mouth but can't think of anything to say. "Um, I think I need to go to the restroom." I feel bad for lying but I'm thoroughly freaked out by now.
"Need me to go with you?" Claire asks.
"No, I'm fine." I say to her. "I’ll be right back." I tell Alec. I give him a quick kiss on the top of his head and head out of the cafeteria. 
"So does his dad know about the two of you? I mean, I would think that a little boss on employee action would be frowned upon." I spin around to see Zack leaning coolly against the doorframe of a nearby office. His blonde hair is spiked up with gel and his hazel eyes stare at me appraisingly.
"What does it matter to you?" I ask him snidely. I throw my hand on my hip to further show him my annoyance. 
"Nothing, I just find it interesting. I wouldn't have pegged you as a 'go against the grain' type of girl." I don't like the way he stares me up and down as he says this. His voice holds a sly, snake-like quality that makes me on edge.
"Look, cut the small talk crap. What exactly is going on with you?" I try to open my mind up to hear his thoughts but once again they are non-existent.
"What's going on with me? I think a better question would be what's going on with you?" He raises his eyebrow and rubs his chin in a questioning gesture. 
I don't like how he plays back the same question I asked him yesterday. I'm finding myself not liking a lot of things about Zack. "Uh-uh. I know something is going on here with you. You obviously don't want me to talk to Alec about what happened today. I'm not one for keeping secrets without a good reason. So spill it." I stand taller trying to look intimidating. 
He laughs which makes my face flush with an angry heat. "You are kind of cute when you get all worked up, you know that sugar?" 
I'm so flustered that if I were a two year old I'd throw myself on the floor in a full-blown tantrum, but I'm not going to do that. Not with Zack especially, because then he wins whatever pissing match this is. I count to ten in my head and then take a deep breath. "Look, I'm not your sugar and if you want me to keep my mouth shut then you'd better tell me exactly why you were able to do whatever you did in the hall yesterday. I've never seen anything like that, it's like you were compelling that man to believe whatever you said. And it worked!" 
"Shhh." Zack looks around. Nobody is paying attention but he grabs me by the elbow and pulls me into an empty office. I look around and see menu boards, a computer and several stacks of paper. I'm guessing the office belongs to someone who manages the cafeteria. He closes the door. My heart starts racing as I remember the last time we were alone. I don't like whatever it is that he does to me. I feel unsafe around him, almost like I can't control myself. 
"So?" I ask him. I put my hands on my hips and tap my foot. We are standing at least ten feet apart but it doesn't seem far enough for me. I step back for extra measure.
"So what?" He asks. 
"Argh!" He's seriously a sicko and is driving me nuts. He's just toying with me and he knows it! He starts moving towards me and I scoot further back until I feel the desk meet up with my lower back. Backed into yet another corner by Zack; he moves to where he's only a foot from me. He stares in my eyes and I move to avert my gaze. I brace my hands back behind me and grip the desk tightly, trying to gain composure. 
"Ouch!" I cry out as something sliced my finger under the desk. A shiver runs up me from the spike of pain and I pull my hand up to examine the damage. A half inch long slash runs along the pad of my middle finger. 
"Are you okay?" He asks, seeing the bleeding. 
"Yeah, something just cut me." I grab a tissue from a box on the desk and hold it against the wound. 
Zack leans down to check the underside of the desk. "Oh, there's a nail sticking out here." 
I lean down to see the sharp pointy nail sticking out. Realizing how close our faces are to each other I pop my head up and nearly hit his in the process. I dart a little too fast across the room. 
Zack looks at me with an amused expression. "Hey, we should probably get that cleaned up. I bet there's a first aid kit in the hallway somewhere." He moves towards me and holds out his hand. "Let me see the damage." He says. 
I shake my head and he walks swiftly to me and stares intensely into my eyes. I can't help but feel a bit hypnotized by the greens, browns and yellows that make up the hazel color of his eyes. An eerily similar hazel to the one that is now in my eye. I surprise myself when I hold my hand out to him willingly. 
He grabs it gently and takes the tissue from me as well. He wipes away at the blood. "What?" He looks back at me incredulously. His hand grips my wrist tighter. 
I look down to see that there is no longer a wound on my finger. I yank my hand back immediately and hide it behind my back. My heart starts pounding double time. How did that heal so fast? That's Alec's thing, not mine! 
"How is there no cut on your finger?" He asks again. He tries to pull my arm from behind my back to examine it and I yank away from him. 
"Hey! Don't touch me." I snarl at him. 
"Look, I know something is going on with you. I can help you if you let me." He says in a voice that is way to calm given the circumstances and my miraculous healing.
I look up at him in surprise. "You can help me?" I barely whisper. I doubt that a guy like Zack can really help me but maybe he knows something about what's going on. I mean, obviously he's got some freaky stuff happening with him too. 
"Yes, I can." He stares deeply into my eyes. "But, I need to know what is going on with you."
Somehow I feel myself believing that he can help me and I show my cards way quicker than I normally would. "I don't know what's going on with me but things are changing." I say still staring into his eyes.
"Like what things?" He asks calmly.
"Like I can do stuff, like I could hear you earlier when you told me not to talk to Alec. I mean, I guess you already knew that, since that's how you told me to keep my mouth shut. But, I can hear everyone's thoughts." Why did I just tell him that? 
"Interesting." He scratches his head as if contemplating the meaning of the universe. "And the healing, you can heal as well?" He asks me. 
I look at him and then pull my hand out from behind my back. I examine it and find that the cut is fully healed. "I guess so." I say shrugging my shoulders. Remembering what Alec told me about his gift and how his scars disappeared, I look down at my arm. Sure enough the scar from the surgery on my arm is completely gone. I withhold that information from Zack of course because I don't trust him as far as I can throw him. 
He uses his finger to lift my chin so my eyes are staring at him again. "Your friends, have they been having these weird things happen to them as well?"
I open my mouth and am about to tell him about Alec but something tells me not to. I struggle hard because half of me wants to answer his question so badly and the other half is sounding the alarms, telling me to shut up. I jerk my head out of his hand and look away. I take a few breaths and then say, "No, it's just me." 
He looks at me speculatively. "Really?"
I avoid locking eyes with him because something about his eyes hypnotizes me. "Really." I say trying to put on my best poker face. "So, what about you? What's up with you?" 
He laughs, "What do you mean?" 
"Seriously Zack? Don't be so coy. I know something is up with you. What is it? Can you hypnotize people or play mind games or what?" I look at him but keep darting my eyes away every few seconds. 
"Hmm, I'm not really sure what is up with me. I just know that I can be very persuasive and people tend to do what I tell them to do." He smiles all cockily. 
I make a fake gagging sound. He looks surprised at my audacity but then laughs. 
"Hey, don't hate me cause I can make you want me." He jokes around. 
"No, whatever it is that you do, it doesn't work on me." I say pointing my finger at him. I keep moving my eyes away from his occasionally because I know that it does in fact work on me, even if just a little. 
He calls my bluff, "That's not what it seemed like earlier today in the hall. It seemed to me like you really wanted to kiss me." 
Ugh, smug jerk. "No, I did not!" I say sounding like a toddler. I clench my hands in fists then say, "Look I need to go. My friends are going to wonder where I am." I turn away from him and head towards the door. 
"Fine, but we aren't through yet. I told you that I would help and I will keep my word. That is, if you want to know what's going on with you." 
I spin around and study him. I don't know if he has any information but I really would like to know what's happening to Alec and me. "How exactly do you propose you could help me?" 
He smiles as if he already knows that he's got me in his trap. "I figure you haven't told Alec yet that your community service is cancelled. Is that correct?" 
I honestly forgot to tell Alec, I wasn't trying to keep it from him. Never the less, I nod, not sure where he's going with this.
"Well, I think we need to start our own investigation. There are some things happening in this shelter that worry me and I think that our new found powers are just the tip of the iceberg. Are you game to play a little Nancy Drew with me?" He raises his eyebrow in anticipation of my response.
I remember reading those extremely old Nancy Drew books when I was twelve. I loved the mysteries and found myself reading through the whole series in a year. "I guess." I say trying to be nonchalant. As long as he doesn't expect to play the part of Ned Nickerson.
"Sounds good. When's your next free day?" He asks. 
I pull my tablet out of the pouch that I have it in on my hip. I slide the power on and pull up the calendar. "I don't ever know for sure but it should be Friday." 
"Friday it is then. Meet me in the hall where you went for community service." He smiles big showing off his pearly white teeth. "You know, the hall where we almost made out." 
I roll my eyes. "Whatever." I say, not giving in to his poke. I turn around to head out.
"Oh and Sugar, don't tell anyone about our little arrangement." Zack calls as I walk out the door. 
I don't respond to him. I just head back towards the cafeteria. 
"There you are," Alec says when I return to the table. "We were getting worried about you. Everything okay?" 
I nod my head embarrassed by my dishonesty. 
He wraps his arm around mine holding me close. All I can think about is how my life is seemingly spiraling out of control and how there's nothing I can do to stop it.
CHAPTER 15 (Ninety-five days inside.)

The next morning, as I'm getting ready for school, I notice my eye is looking increasingly more bizarre. The one eye is still a solid, plain old brown. The other eye is a kaleidoscope of brown interlaced with red, navy and two different shades of green. One of the shades looks remarkably like Zack's hazel eyes. Looking closer in the mirror there is a new color appearing next to the blue swirls. The color is so unique I can't put a name to it. What in the world? I run my hands over my eyes in frustration. It is becoming painstakingly obvious that my eye is a swirl of colors. I'm going to have to think of some other way of hiding this because my bangs are not covering it well enough. I grab my stuff and head out for the grueling two hours of school that lay ahead.
As I'm walking into the classroom I immediately spot Claire waving her hands at me trying to get my attention. "Willow, over here." She calls out as if she's really that far away. 
I walk over to her and squat next to her desk. "Hey Claire, what's up?" 
 She looks at me and points to her left eye. Oh no, I think to myself. I study her eyes and lo and behold there is a purple swirl lining her icy blue eye. It's not overly obvious...yet. I purse my lips not sure of what to say. 
 "What does it mean?" She asks me. 
I shrug my shoulders having no idea what's going on. 
"Places everyone, we need to start on time today. Lots to cover." "OH, HOW MY JOB SUCKS." I smile to myself, glad that Ms. Thomas is just as thrilled as we are to be here. 
"We'll talk later," I say to Claire squeezing her shoulder. 
I find myself getting so bored that I let my mental guard down hoping for some form of entertainment. I hone into the teacher first and listen. I become bored all too soon. All she's thinking about is pharmaceuticals and how they tie in to today's lesson. I look around the room at the other nameless faces. I sense love is in the air as I listen to their thoughts. I scold myself for invading their privacy. 
My eyes land back on Claire who is punching something in her tablet, probably to Connor. Then I see it. My heart practically leaps out of my chest. How else can I describe this but to say Claire's arms have completely disappeared! I run my hands over my eyes and refocus on her again. No, I am seeing clearly! She looks like someone cut her arms off! It's like a bad magicians trick or like that game toddlers play when they run out of the room with their arms tucked in their shirts trying to scare their friends. Quickly, I grab the sweater I take with me on a daily basis since I get cold sometimes, and throw it at her. 
Startled, she turns to me and mouths, "What the hell?" While putting what I'm guessing are her hands up in exasperation. I stare at the sweater and her pencil, which seem to be floating in mid air. All of the color drains out of her face as she realizes her arms are gone. Well, not really gone since she's still able to hold stuff, they are just invisible...or something! 
I motion for her to put the sweater on. She just furrows her brows at me in shock. I keep motioning, hoping she will take the hint. 
"Willow!" Ms. Thomas shouts my name. I whip my head around to find her coming towards me. She stares me straight in the eyes. 
"Please turn around, please turn around..." I whisper over and over again under my breath so quietly, hoping that nobody notices. 
She stops abruptly, looks utterly confused and turns back around. She goes back to the board and begins teaching again, right where she left off. 
My mouth drops open in utter shock. I snap out of it when I hear Claire, "Psst." 
I turn to look at her. Her face has turned an ashen shade of white. She put my sweater on and since it's longer than usual she's able to wrap the cuff over her 'would be hands'. I stare at her in awe. Her arms are still in fact there but we just couldn't see them. How is that even possible? 
Part way through the class Claire starts twirling her fingers through her hair which I've noticed is her tell tale nervous sign. It would be fine but in this instance it looks like her hair is curling around in the air. It's so weird and strange to see her pale blonde locks wrap around what I guess is her invisible finger. 
Connor must have noticed as well because he's just staring at her now, his jaw wide open. 
She looks up at me and notices that I'm staring at her. Her eyes look wide and frightened. 
"Stop twirling your hair." I whisper really low hoping nobody has noticed her yet. I'm not sure if she heard me or could read my lips so I start to send her a text when she abruptly stops. 
I let my guard down to hear her thoughts. "I'M GOING TO STOP TWIRLING MY HAIR. I'M GOING TO STOP TWIRLING MY HAIR." 
I immediately throw my guard back up. I put my head in my hands feeling an anxiety attack coming on. I haven't had one in such a long time, but I'll never forget the feeling. Taking deep breaths I try and focus on the here and now. Ignoring what just happened, I focus on breathing in and then out, in and then out. 
I avoid looking at Claire's arms for the remainder of the class. It's really tripping me out. I have no idea what in the world is going on with us but I know that I need to find out soon. When the bell rings I hop up out of my seat and run to stand in front of Claire's desk blocking her from the view of other people. 
I look down at her and am relieved to see her hands once again. "What was that?" I ask her barely above a whisper. 
Poor Claire looks even more pale than usual. "I don't know." She says while examining her hands out in front of her. She looks unbelievably relieved to see them again. Who wouldn’t? 
"Let's go." Connor says. "We need to find Alec.”
I nod my head and we all get up and head out. I text Alec and find out that he's working through his lunch break. We decide to stop in at the cafeteria and pick up some to-go lunches, then head in to work. 
Alec meets us in the hall right outside of the office. I hand him a sack lunch. 
"Thank you." He says, then leans in to kiss me on the cheek. While the kiss is sweet, I can't help but notice that he's looking kind of stressed out. 
"You're welcome." I say. 
Connor and Claire stand in the background quietly. I'm pretty sure they are at a loss for words. 
Alec gestures for us to go into a nearby empty office. It's the same one that we were in when we first talked about our newfound gifts. 
"So what's up?" Alec asks. 
We all sit Indian style on the floor in a small circle with our lunches laid out before us. I look to Claire to see if she wants to talk but she just stares down at her fingers. Connor looks up at me and I can see the worry masking his expression. I notice something else. I lean in closer to examine his eyes a little better. His eyes have lightened up quite a bit. They used to be so dark that they looked almost black. Now they are mostly brown. Weird. He notices my stare so he darts his head down and starts opening his lunch. 
"Um, are you all going to tell me what's going on?" Alec asks.
I allow a few seconds to see if Claire wants to speak up and when she remains quiet I blurt out, "Claire went a little invisible today." 
Claire looks up at me, her face flushed. 
I lean forward and pat her leg. "Hey, don't be embarrassed lady, you certainly aren't the only person around here who's been having some freaky stuff happen to them.” I pull my bangs away from my left eye and point at it dramatically.
Her lip twitches up just a little but she remains quiet. She's reverting back to the Claire I first met. I wonder if it's one of her defense mechanisms. Almost like she tries to disappear when the focus is on her. How ironic that she could in fact possibly disappear now. 
"That's really strange. Is this something you can turn on or off?" Alec asks Claire. I’m in awe at how calm he looks. 
Claire looks up at him and finally talks. "I don't know." 
"Why don't you try?" Alec encourages. I nod my head in approval. Connor just looks a little freaked out. 
Claire holds her arm out in front of her. She stares at it for a bit, her eyebrows furrow in concentration. Instead of looking at her arm I stare at her eyes. The purple is starting to stand out more boldly. It's a beautiful color, one I've never seen in any eye before. 
I hear Alec gasp and so I look back at her arm. It's gone again.
Claire's eyes water and she looks to Connor with a look of fear. "HE’S GOING TO THINK I’M A TOTAL FREAK." I let my guard down to hear her say in her head. I hear so many other questions going through all of their minds so I close myself off again. It's amazing that I can easily do this now without even needing physical contact with Alec to do so. 
Connor leans forward and wipes a tear away from Claire's eye then grabs her invisible arm with his hand and interlaces his fingers with her unseen ones. "It's okay Claire Bear. We will figure out what's happening to you. To all of you guys." He looks to Alec and I. 
It takes a lot for me to not say 'aww' out loud. My heart is warmed by the affection that they share. 
I lean forward and ask Claire, "May I?" My curiosity has gotten the best of me. When she nods her head I reach over and touch her imperceptible arm. "It feels just like normal." I say in surprise. 
"Well yeah, I mean it's not like it just goes away. It's just you can't see it, that's all." She says really fast. I think that small qualification makes her feel like less of a freak. 
"That's really cool. I wonder if you can do that with the rest of your body." Alec adds. 
"Well, my arm is enough for now. I don't think I can handle much more for today." She gives her arm a concentrated stare and suddenly her arm slowly becomes visible once again. 
"That's really cool babe." Connor says looking a little disappointed. 
"What's wrong honey?" Claire asks him. 
"Nothing." He says then stuffs a bite of his sandwich in his mouth. 
"Come on." Claire urges him. 
He talks with his mouth half full. "It's just, you can turn invisible..." He finishes chewing then completes his thought. "Alec can heal really fast and Willow can hear people's thoughts." He frowns. "I can't do anything cool." 
I laugh. "Correction, I can hear people's thoughts and heal really fast." Everyone looks at me strangely and I realize I never told anyone about my ability to heal. "Yeah, I don't know how but now I can heal myself like Alec does." I hold out my arm for them to see that the scar is completely gone from my surgery. The silence and odd looks they are all giving me makes me uncomfortable so I shift back to what Connor was talking about. "So, you want to be a freak like us?" 
"Y'all aren't freaks. Y'all are like super heroes or something with newfound abilities." He counters. 
"Yeah, maybe we need to find some more of those radio active spiders that have been biting us and hand them over to you." Alec jokes. 
Connor seems a little frustrated, which I personally don't get. He stands up, brushes the crumbs off his scrubs and walks to the corner of the room. He lets out a huff as he takes a seat on an office chair. 
Claire gets up to go try to comfort him but Alec puts his hand on her arm stopping her. "Hey, just let him chill for a second. He's a guy and sometimes when guys feel, well, inadequate they can sulk a bit. He’ll get over it in a second." 
"Ow!" Connor calls out. We all look over at him at the same time and a simultaneous gasp fills the room. I know my jaw must be on the floor but so is everyone else's. I'm staring at Connor who just happens to have landed on his butt with his legs out in front of him as if the chair was pulled out from beneath him. The key factor that makes this scene so jaw dropping worthy is that part of his body is still in the chair. His butt is on the floor but the upper part of his body from his shoulders up are sticking through the chair! 
My brain has no idea how to contemplate this image that makes no sense at all. It's as if the chair is a hologram and he's sticking through it. If I hadn't seen so many freaky occurrences in the past few days I probably would have gone into complete shock. 
Claire is the first to regain her composure and run to him. "Does it hurt?" I can hear the fear in her voice. 
"No, but I need help up." He says. 
Alec and I both head over to where he is. Up close it's even freakier because the chair still looks just as solid as before and so does Connor. He doesn't look invisible or anything. It just looks like part of his body passed straight through it. 
Alec holds his hand out to Connor. He looks a little weirded out but he slowly lifts his arm up through the chair to accept his hand. 
I stand there dumbfounded as I watch Alec help Connor to his feet. Connor's entire body passes through the chair until he's standing right in front of us. 
"Oh my gosh Connor! Stop!" Claire cries out and runs to hold onto Connor around the waist. I look down to see that his feet are sinking into the floor. 
"Crap! What's happening?" Connor yells his legs going further into the floor. 
I worry about Connor falling straight through it so I grab his attention and stare straight into his eyes. "You need to stop right now. You need to become solid again or stop doing whatever it is you are doing that is allowing you to pass through stuff. Do you understand?" I ask calmly. 
"I understand." Connor says stoically then steps up out of the floor and onto solid ground. Well, the ground has always been solid but I guess Connor made himself solid again...or something. 
I'm surprised he listened to me that easily and so is everyone else because they give me a strange look. I shrug my shoulders to act like I don't know what's going on. Deep down I have an inkling this new ability has something to do with Zack. 
"Well I guess you have some powers too babe." Claire says patting him on the back. 
He shakes his head as if coming out of a daze and replies, "Yeah, I guess so." He runs his hands through his hair and then adds, "I don't think I like them very much." 
We all laugh at that, which eases the tension in the room. A thought hits me and I blurt it out. "If Connor was able to pass through stuff, then why didn't your hands pass through him when you helped him up?" 
We all contemplate it a little. Connor answers. "I don't know. Maybe I can control it like Claire can control the invisibility thing. I just focused on their touch."
"We should really work on this and try to see what all of it means." Claire says. 
"Like practice using our powers?" Connor asks.
We all laugh again at him calling these oddities powers as if we are in a comic book. 
"I think that's a good idea." Alec says. "I don't think we should tell anyone about this stuff though. At least not until we figure out what's happening."
Everyone agrees and my cheeks heat. I feel guilty knowing that I have talked to Zack already. I haven't told them about the others though, I tell myself, trying to make myself feel less blameworthy. 
"Maybe we can go down to the cave on Friday. We all have the day off right?" Claire asks. 
Alec looks at me, "Yeah, but Willow has community service." He looks like he still blames himself for my needing to do service.
Man, I feel needles of shame prick my heart. "Yeah, but you should all go and try this out. If I can get out early I'll join you." I lie. My bad conscience justifies it as doing my duty to figure out how all of this is happening. 
"Okay, we better get to work." Alec says while typing something into his tablet. He leans in and gives me a kiss before he heads back to the office. 
The rest of us follow in his footsteps a few minutes later. We still think it's best that the other workers don't know that Alec is fraternizing with his employees. The last thing we need is more attention shined on us. 
CHAPTER 16 (Ninety-nine days inside.)

I walk out of class on Friday to find Alec waiting for me. He hasn't come to my class before so I'm pleasantly surprised to see him. 
"Hey babe." He throws his hand over my shoulder. 
"Hey!" I look up into his eyes, which look impeccably blue. The same color blue as my eyes now show. 
Alec kisses me on my cheek then pushes my bangs out of my eye. "Beautiful." He says softly while staring at me intently. 
I blush under the scrutiny of his gaze. I've been walking around half blind for the past several days ever since my eye has taken on even more freaky shades, including purple. Unlike the changes I've seen in my friend's eyes, mine is only occurring in that one eye. It looks almost like a marble and the colors have swirled together in a strange intricate design. 
It didn't take me long to realize that the colors in my eyes correspond with the new colors of my friends eyes. What I haven't figured out though is why. 
"I wish you could come with us." Claire calls from behind Alec. I gaze over at her and see that she's staring at my eye now too. I consider briefly allowing my shield to go down so I can hear what she really thinks about my eye color but I avoid invading her privacy.
"I wish I could too." I reply. My chest is tight with anxiety. I hate lying but I have to get to the bottom of this. My friends seem to only be exhibiting one newfound ability, but I'm somehow exhibiting multiple abilities. 
I even realized that I have that gift of persuasion or compulsion or whatever the heck Zack calls it. I had asked the lunch lady for an extra dessert yesterday and she gave it to me for free. I know it sounds small and trite but that lunch lady has never given anyone an extra portion of food without charging for it.
"Do you want me to walk you to community service?" Alec asks.
My heart speeds up, that would not be a good idea. Man, I hate lying. "No, I’ll be fine." 
"Do you at least get to have lunch with us first?" He asks.
I think about it. I really would rather get this done with. I don't really feel hungry either; all of this lying has made me lose my appetite. "No, they will have sacked lunches there." 
"Okay. I’ll see you tonight at dinner then?" Alec looks hopeful.
"Yep! I want a play by play run down of all of the amazing comic book worthy stuff you guys do." I smile. 
"Deal." Alec leans in and gives me a kiss before we part ways. 
I find Zack leaning against the wall in the isolated hallway that leads to the assembly room. He turns to smile broadly at me when I start approaching. Zack is way too slick for his own good. His boyish good looks and big smile make him seem like a mix between a High School quarterback and a magazine model. 
"Hey sugar." He drawls. 
"I think you need to stop calling me that." I cross my arms over my chest feeling slightly annoyed. 
"Why? Don't you like terms of endearment?" He raises his eyebrow at me.
"Look Zack. I'm not your ‘sugar’ so I prefer you don't use that term on me. We’re not really friends or anything. This is a business arrangement and we are just working together this time to try and get some questions answered." I hope I've made myself really clear and have drawn that line in the sand for him.
"Hmm, okay." He moves closer to me then stares into my eyes. I swear that the colors, which make up his hazel eyes are moving around like clouds in a churning thunderstorm. He says slowly, "I can call you sugar." 
I cock my head at him then say in a monotone robot like voice, "You-can-call-me-sugar." 
He gives me a questioning look and I bust out laughing. I know it might seem sick but I get a bit of pleasure when I see his cheeks heat for once. He looks annoyed. 
"Don't try that compulsion crap on me anymore. Are we clear?" I say. "Because it doesn't work." I flash my teeth and give him a prideful smile.
"We'll see." He says to which I just roll my eyes. No use trying to fight with him. After all, boys like Zack must always think they are right. 
"Oh, by the way, I have a present for you sug...Willow." He pulls a small white box out of the front pocket of his scrubs shirt and hands it to me. 
I accept it a little nervously looking down at it. "What is it?" I ask. Visions of strange jewelry and inappropriate gifts flood my mind. 
"Open it and find out." 
I open up the flip top of the box slowly and see several small colored contacts. "Ah! Genius!" I exclaim. 
"I figured this would make it to where you could stop wearing your hair in front of your face. You do look a little ridiculous after all." He pokes. 
I look back down at the contacts ignoring his off handed insult. “Um, I’m not sure I know how to use these. No one in my family wears them.” 
Zack takes the box from my hands. “Here,” he says. “I’ll show you.” He walks over to one of the single person bathrooms along the wall and opens the door. He turns the light on and looks around making sure the coast is clear. He ushers me in, closes and locks the door. “Here, have a seat.” He says, gesturing to the toilet. 
“Eww, seriously?” I question. 
His look gives nothing away. He puts the toilet seat down with his foot and takes ahold of my shoulders to sit me down. I squirm a little under his gaze. He hands me back the box of contacts and proceeds to wash his hands. “These contacts are special. You see, they don’t need any contact solution like they used to. And, you can use them for up to thirty days at a time. Then you dispose of them and get a new pair.” He dries his hands with paper towels and turns back towards me. He takes the box from my hands and reaches inside and grabs a pair of contacts. He holds them up to the light and looks back at me. “Yep, I picked just the right color.” 
My cheeks blush. It seems so intimate that he'd know my eye color that well. 
He opens the package and balances a contact on the tip of his finger. “Lean your head back and hold still.” 
I do as I’m told. With one hand he holds my eye open so it’s unable to blink; with the other hand he gently places the contact on my eye. The urge to blink is so strong but I fight it. 
“Just give it about five to ten seconds for the glue to dry, then you can blink,” he says. He lets go of my eye and my lashes blink rapidly. I furrow my brow. It feels like something is actually in my eye…like an eyelash or something. I go to rub it, but Zack stops my hand. “Whatever you do, don’t rub it for at least an hour. You’ll get used to it; don’t worry.” 
I nod my head at him and stand up. I go to the mirror by the sink and move my bangs aside. My eye is a little blurry but already I can tell how much better it looks. “Wow, it looks…normal.” 
I see Zack’s reflection in the mirror and he looks mighty pleased with himself.
Suddenly the handle to the bathroom begins to jiggle followed by a loud banging on the door. I whip around and stare at Zack, wide eyed. He puts his finger to his lips and moves me by my shoulders to the corner by the sink. He walks back over to the door and opens it, releasing the lock. 
“Hey man,” some guy says. “I really need to go.” 
In that eerie voice Zack uses for compulsion he says to the man. “This bathroom’s closed. The only one available is the one on the fourth floor, behind the cinema.” 
I gasp slightly and put my hand over my mouth. It’ll take that poor guy at least fifteen minutes to get there. Ten if he runs. Zack slowly pulls the door closed and rearms the lock. I can’t help it, I bust out laughing. Zack’s eyes light up and I say, “I shouldn’t be laughing you know. That wasn’t very nice.” 
Zack tries to stifle a snicker. “What can I say?” He shrugs his shoulders. “Is it feeling any better?” He asks me, changing the subject. 
I nod my head. “Yeah, it’s just going to take some getting used to.” 
“Good,” he says and then pauses. “I’m going to make sure the coast is clear, then you can follow me out, okay?” 
“Okay,” I respond. Do I really have a choice not to trust him? 
Zack opens the door quietly and peers around it. After a few seconds he motions for me to come along beside him. 
Once we’re safely in the hall I say rather meekly, “Thanks for doing this for me.” My guard around Zack is beginning to falter. He still seems sly and snake-like; but now, it’s like there’s another layer under him. Like maybe he really is nice and caring once you peel off that outer layer. 
“Don’t mention it,” he says while looking both ways. He grabs my hand and hurries to the other side of the hallway. I don’t even have a chance to protest before he lets go again. He takes his tablet out of his satchel, places it next to the wall and begins punching numbers in. It looks like he’s scanning the wall…but why would he do that? I hear a click as something releases and I watch in amazement as the wall opens up revealing a hidden hallway. He grabs my hand and pulls me in with him and closes the …wall? I don’t know if I should even call that a door. 
“Um, Zack, what the hell was that?" I say trying not to yell. 
He gives me a sly smile. “That,” he says extenuating the word, “was something you,” he pokes me with his index finger, “were not supposed to see.” 
I swallow hard and nod my head. I place my fingers up to my lips and pull them across imitating a zipper. 
That must satisfy him because he turns and begins walking up the steep hallway. There is dim lighting coming from the ceiling. Some of the lights flicker like they haven’t been on in a while. They emit a slight buzzing noise putting me on edge. 
“Hey Zack, would you mind telling me where we’re going?” I ask a little out of breath from the climb. 
He doesn't answer me.
I don't like not knowing what's going on and I have a sinking feeling inside my stomach like something is out of place. Is it really safe for me to be in a secret hallway with this guy? I’m like putty in his hands here. I could scream but it’s painfully obvious no one would hear. Having no choice but to follow the leader, I stay one step behind him and remain silent. We walk a little further up the twisting pathways until we come to a steel door with a small keypad adjacent to it. 
Zack reaches his hand up to press in the code but stops abruptly, turning to me. “Do you mind?” He asks. 
“Oh,” I say. “Sorry, sure.” I turn around and listen to seven numbers being typed in followed by a quiet beep after each. The door releases and I turn around. Zack is already halfway through the doorway so I follow behind him. 
Inside is a large lab. It looks like something from a movie; with all the twisting tubes and smoke billowing out of glowing beakers. The room is illuminated in a dull blue light. As if on cue, Zack chimes in answering my unasked question. “This is my father’s lab. You might know him.” 
“Oh?” I ask, suddenly curious. Why I would know his dad puzzles me. 
“Dr. Hastings?” He asks it in more of a question than a statement. 
Suddenly, I’m at a loss for words. His dad is Dr. Hastings? “Dr. Hastings, as in the leader of this entire facility?” 
He gives me a sinister look and turns away. “The very one.” He says, not giving anything away in his voice. I guess that explains his living arrangements and the fact that he doesn’t have to work. 
Zack walks through the lab like he’s been here a thousand times before. He starts checking on beakers, swirling different fluids around. 
I begin to relax, just a little, and browse around. “So, what does your dad do in here?” I ask rather curiously. 
Zack pauses and looks up at me. “You really want to know the answer to that?” 
I think for a second. “Yeah, why not?” 
Zack lets out a huff of air. He seems more amused than irritated. Zack drones on about his dad being in charge of the vaccinations that were given to each of us when we entered. 
I lose interest when he starts talking about durable immunological responses. I run my hand along the shiny stainless steel countertop. Spotless. My eyes land on a file as I peruse around. I look down at its label: Immunizations. It's the same file I saw Dr. Hastings leave Alec's office with. I open it and find a large stack of paper, held together with a heavy duty staple. I scan over the papers, which consists of a very long list of names and other scientific mumbo jumbo. I scan it briefly and one name jumps out at me, my fathers! My eyes dart over to Zack who is still lost in his own world. I don’t waste a second longer as I slip the stapled list inside my satchel, careful not to let Zack see or hear what I’m doing. I button it back up praying he didn’t notice. 
“…So, all in all, my dad and I tested different strands trying to see if we needed a monovalent or a multivalent Vaccine. We settled on a polyvalent hoping it could fight off more than one antigen.” 
He looks over at me and I nod my head feigning understanding. He lost me at Dr. Hastings. 
Who would have guessed that Zack was so scientific? "Um, cool." I scratch my head and then add, "So, what does this place have to do with our new abilities?" 
He looks thoughtful. "My dad hasn't always been very forthcoming about his studies so I figure it wouldn't hurt to do a little snooping. You never know what we could find." 
"He's not forthcoming yet he allows you access to his 'secret' lair?" I ask quizzically.
"Yes, I help him here on occasion. I've had access to this lab since before this shelter opened its doors." 
"But you think he might be hiding something here?" I ask.
"You never know. We needed a place to start." He heads over to one of the lab tables and grabs a needle and a few vials. "Plus, I want to take some blood samples." He brings the needle over to me and grabs my arm.
I yank it back from him. "I don't think so!" I stare back and forth at his eyes and then at the needle. 
"What's your problem; scared of a little ol' needle?" He prods.
I roll my eyes. "No but I don't really see the point in you taking my blood. After all, who exactly will be able to process the blood work? Don't tell me you know how to do that too." 
"I actually do. I know someone who is better at it than I am though and I was going to ask for their help." He gently grabs my arm again. I look up into his eyes as he adds, "It will be fine. I will have them look at mine too and won't tell the person who the samples belong to." 
I don't jerk my arm back this time for some strange reason so he takes that as a sign of my compliance. He swabs my arm with alcohol and applies a tourniquet to my upper arm. Slowly, he sticks the needle in and I watch as my blood fills the vial. He takes three different tubes worth of blood then labels them with a letter A. He grabs a new needle and three new vials, then repeats the process on himself. He labels those with the letter B. 
"So, who are you going to ask to help?" 
"I think the less you know about that, the better." Zack disposes the needles and then carefully puts the vials in his satchel.
I have a strong suspicion that he's keeping something from me but I don't push it. I can tell that he's not going to give me a name and the way I see it, it doesn't really matter. We could use any information we can get our hands on and frankly I'm mighty curious to find out if anything unique shows up in our blood samples. 
"Can you think of anything at all that could have triggered the beginning of your abilities?" Zack asks. 
I know that it all started when we were in the cave. I don't know if it was the water or possibly something in the cave that ignited it. I can't tell Zack about it though because then I'd have to disclose our secret place and tell him whom I was with. "I really can't think of anything out of the ordinary that would have brought it on. How about you? When did you start displaying the um, symptoms?" 
He seems annoyed that I directed the question back at him. "It's been a little while now." He answers vaguely. 
"And did you do anything unusual that could have sparked the change?" I ask.
He answers a little too quickly, "No, not that I know of." 
I guess that's how it's going to be. We will both keep our secrets. This will make it harder to draw a connection to whatever ignites the abilities, but I don't yet feel like I can trust Zack with this information. 
We hear a beeping sound on the other side of the keypad as numbers are being typed in. 
"Crap, hide Willow." Zack runs to the door. 
I look around frantically trying to find a hiding spot. Zack gets under a desk and looks at me with worried eyes as the door lock clicks. I'm still standing there out in the open. Zack seems to be looking right through me as the door opens and Dr. Hastings walks in. 
I find myself frozen in place, like in one of those horrible dreams where you are paralyzed by fear and can't move. My heart starts pounding so loudly that I am sure Dr. Hastings will hear it before his eyes lock onto me. 
Dr. Hastings closes the door and stares right through me before heading to his computer.
What? He looked right past me as if I weren't here. I look down at myself and realize that I've gone invisible. I don't know how I did it, but even my clothing all the way down to my shoes has disappeared with me. I would assume that anyone who went invisible would be able to at least see their own bodies even if others can't. That's not the case though. I hold my arm out in front of my eyes, which work just fine despite the invisibility. I can feel my arms and even feel the muscles that I use to lift them but I can't physically see them. Cool! 
I tiptoe over to check on Zack. He's pretty well hidden under the desk and he's running his hand through his blonde hair out of worry. I head over to check out what Dr. Hastings is up to. I walk by one of the lab tables and accidentally nock over a small test tube. I cringe as it rolls off of the table and crashes onto the floor. 
I stand frozen in place as Dr. Hastings turns and looks directly at me. He starts walking towards me and I open my mouth to explain but I close it quickly when he reaches the table, bends down, picks up the test tube and sets it back in its place. He looks around a little then heads back to his computer. 
I follow him, careful this time not to knock anything over. I steal a peak over his shoulder. The screen is full of a whole bunch of nonsense that looks like a mathematical equation. He types in some sort of formula before he logs off. He turns around so suddenly that I have to jump out of the way to keep from having him run smack dab into me. I hold my breath while he slowly makes his way out of the lab. I breathe a sigh of relief once we are in the clear. 
Zack calls out, "Willow?" 
There's a decision to be made here. I could show him yet another newfound power of mine or I could hide it. I decide on the latter. I crouch down behind the lab table and focus my mind on making myself visible again. I stare at my arm, which slowly comes into focus. Once I check that all my limbs are present and accounted for, I jump up from behind the lab table. "Wow, that was close!" I say wiping my forehead dramatically. 
"Yeah, I think we should leave now." He says. If he suspects something, he gives nothing away.
I nod my head and follow him out of the lab. 
“So,” I say while leaning back on my heels. “I guess I better take off. My friends are probably wondering where I’m at.” 
I watch to gage Zack’s reaction but he seems calm, a little too calm if you ask me. “Sounds good,” he replies. “I guess I’ll see you next week…same time, same place?” 
I nod my head in response and turn to leave. I pull out my tablet and text Alec to find out where he is. I'm surprised when he immediately texts back and says he’s in the library. I didn't expect him to have his tablet on him since he made plans to go to the cave today with Connor and Claire. 
I prod him a bit by text as I walk towards the library and find out that he felt too much like a third wheel and begged out on the practice day. Once again I feel that guilt make its way back up into my heart knowing that I very well could have joined them. 
A few moments later, I find Alec sitting in the corner of the library on one of the couches reading a book. He has several stacks of reference material surrounding him. Curiosity gets the best of me as I saunter over. He doesn’t see me approach so I place my hands over his eyes. “Guess who?” I ask playfully. 
 A smile creeps from his lips. Suddenly he grabs my arms and pulls me down in a cradled position in his lap. He envelops me in a way-to-passionate-kiss-for-public, but I don’t care. His lips are warm and inviting and I melt into his arms. All too quickly he releases the embrace and sets me in the seat beside him. I blush as I see an audience of people staring at Alec and me. I turn my attention back to Alec and peak at the book he has propped open in his lap. 
"Whoa, your eyes are back to normal." Alec stares at me amazed.
I am startled at first before I remember the contacts. "Oh, I found some contacts." I say.
"You found contacts?" He asks. 
"Um, well, more so I stole contacts." I hate lying because when you tell one lie you end up having to tell a hundred lies. "I saw them in another girls satchel. She was at the community service. I took them." 
"What? Did she notice?" He asks looking worried. 
"No, I don't think so." I let my hair fall back in front of my eyes feeling extremely uncomfortable. I switch subjects as fast as possible. "So, today I went invisible." 
He gives me a stunned expression. "Like Claire invisible?"
I nod my head. "Yep, it's crazy right?" 
"It's cool. I mean, I have absolutely no idea how you are picking up multiple gifts, but I think it's pretty awesome." He says sincerely.
"I'm not sure how awesome it really is. It's going to take a little getting used to. I'm turning into something straight out of an X-Men comic book and I have no idea how or why."
"Those X-Men girls are pretty hot so you would fit in quite nicely." He studies me from head to toe and whistles.
I can't help but blush. Averting the attention I ask quickly, “Whatcha reading?” 
It looks like a bunch of tables and diagrams, definitely not a ‘for pleasure’ kind of read. He pinches the bridge of his nose. He must have been at this for a while. His eyes show strain with small bags forming beneath them. 
I reach over and grab his hand in mine and give it a squeeze. He kisses the top of my head before talking. “I’m just trying to figure out what is causing all of us to exhibit these ‘abilities’ if that’s what you call them. I’ve been in here most of the morning studying the vaccinations over the past few years. I’m going over the research but it’s written so scientifically that I have to use a dictionary to even be able to read the manuscripts. It seems like I’ve been here forever and am getting nowhere, like I’m walking in circles.” 
I give his hand another squeeze. “I might have something that may help and it may not, I’m not sure. I found this while doing my community service today.” I feel so guilty for lying to Alec, but I feel if I tell him the truth I may endanger him. Lord only knows what Zack is capable of doing. That single thought sets me on edge. I move to my satchel and pull out the stapled papers I swiped back at the lab and hand them to Alec. 
Alec takes them from me and looks them over flipping the pages back and forth. “Do you know what this is?” Alec asks me. His tone is one of wonderment and awe. 
I shake my head. “I didn’t know what it was, but I picked it up because my dad’s name was listed on the front page. I guess my curiosity got the best of me.” I shrug my shoulders trying to make it seem like no big deal. Alec continues to flip the pages back and forth. 
Finally, after several minutes of flipping, he turns to me. “These are the vaccinations records…I think,” he whispers. "You found these?" He studies me.
I nod my head and he seems to believe me. What reason does he have to think I'm lying after all? Great, another knock out delivered to me by my good old friend: guilt. 
I furrow my brow and change the subject. “Okay, so what is the significance?” I haven’t been able to connect the pieces yet, but it looks as if Alec has already done just that. 
He gives me a polite, excited smile. “If you flip through these pages you can see that not everyone received the same vaccine. Do you have a pen?” He asks flippantly. 
I dig into my satchel and find a pen. “Here,” I say and hand it to him. 
He removes the staples from the paper and begins scanning the list again. He circles his name, Connor, Claire and my name on the list. The numbers next to each of our names apparently indicates the type of vaccination we received upon arrival. We all have different numbers next to our names. He looks up at me. “I’m not sure if that makes sense. If the vaccinations are to blame for our abilities, then why do you have multiple abilities?” 
I shrug my shoulders. “It’s over my head. I can’t seem to make the connection.” 
Alec runs his hands over his face thinking intently. “You only got the one vaccine right?” 
I scan my mind looking for the answer. I only remember them giving me the one vaccine…and then my brain makes a connection I hadn’t made before. My face goes pale as the blood drains from it. 
Alec gives my shoulder a slight shake. “Willow, what’s wrong?” 
I take a few deep breaths preparing myself for the explanation to follow. “When I was first in the exam room, after I had got the vaccination I went into my brother’s room. He was rejected,” I say barely above a whisper. Alec pulls me into a hug and urges me to continue. “I couldn’t bear the thought of them possibly giving the red shot to my baby brother so I took the red serum syringe and hid it in my hospital gown. The thought of that shot getting into the wrong hands….it just scared me.” I take a deep breath and continue finding comfort in Alec’s touch. “After we went to the dressing room I had to change into the new clothes; the lady startled me and I ended up poking myself with the needle. I wasn’t sure if any of the serum got into me but it very well could have. Even just a trace amount.” I breathe a sigh of relief. "It feels really good to be able to share that burden with someone else. I guess at the time it scared me so much I didn’t want to tell anyone. I thought that if I didn’t speak or think about it, it would just go away. Really though, I don’t know if that has anything to do with it, but that’s my best guess."
I watch Alec’s face as he contemplates what I just said. His eyes crinkle as he tries to piece the situation together. “Well, for what it’s worth, I’m glad the red serum didn’t harm you like they said it would. The thought of not having you in my life is unbearable. You make this…” he looks to the air to find the words. “…this shelter that we live in, this situation we have been placed in, much more enjoyable. I find it exceptionally exciting when you’re around. It’s like you breathe life into me, allowing me to relax and let go. Let go of any worries or anxieties that I have and just…just be.” 
Having Alec share this with me makes my heart soar. I had no idea the effect I had on him was this strong. But, truth be told, I would have to say I feel the same way. Sure, I have Connor and Claire, but Alec is different. Alec is like my rock in this place. The foundation I need to keep my time here not only bearable, but meaningful and peaceful as well. I give his hand a squeeze. “I could never have summed up my feelings as well as you just did. You are an anchor for me here and I'm so grateful to have you in my life.” I say with a shy smile. 
Alec's eyes brighten with my sentiment. He kisses me gently on the lips. 
"Okay enough of the mushy stuff; get back to work." I joke. 
He goes back to looking at the papers scanning over them again. “I’ll have to do a bit more research and see if I can find any other connections. But, thank you Willow, for telling me about that red serum. I know that must be hard to talk about.” 
I nod my head. I know that if I say anything more, painful memories of my brother will have to be relived in my mind, so I push the thoughts aside deciding to live in the here and now. 
"Oh." I say when a question springs into my mind. "If everyone had vaccinations then how come we are the only one's showing symptoms?" 
"I've been pondering that too. The only thing I can think of is the cave perhaps. I mean it wasn't until then that we started showing the changes. Maybe it was something in the water." Alec guesses.
I doubt Zack found the cave but I keep that information to myself for now. "Perhaps. By the way, how many different vaccines are on that list?" I ask scanning over the numbers next to the names. 
Alec flips through the numerous pages. "I only see ten." 
"Wow, I wonder if it really is the vaccines that have caused the powers or if it's something else. I find it hard to believe that everyone in here has a latent power now lurking in their systems waiting to be unleashed. It just doesn't make sense at all." I think out loud.
"I hear you. That would be total chaos at best. It's very possible that the vaccinations don't have anything to do with these changes, but it's the only semi-logical thing I can come up with. It's an easier pill to swallow than radio active spiders or magical stones." He massages his temples. "I think my brain is fried." 
I move to sit back on his lap. "Aww, poor thing. We will have to fix that." I say with a big smile before I lean in and kiss his headache away. I follow it up with a light kiss on his forehead. "Better?" I ask.
"It might just need a little more mending." He says with a crooked grin. "What do you say you and I ditch this place and spend the last half of the day together." 
"Sounds like a brilliant plan to me." I smile. We put away the books and I tuck the list back into my satchel and head out. 
We decide to check out a movie and we end up watching some goofy vampire horror flick that makes us laugh. The special effects and acting were mediocre at best but it provided us plenty of cheesy lines to make fun of. After the movie we grab a bite to eat for dinner and then Alec walks me back to my room. 
"Night." Alec says. 
My back is pressed up against the door as he leans in to kiss me goodnight. "Eek." I screech as I fall backwards into my dad's arms. He opened the door so suddenly that neither Alec nor myself could keep me from falling backwards. My cheeks heat and I know my face must be hot pink or something close. Awkward!
My dad sets me back on my feet. "Hello Alec." He says a little icily. My dad likes Alec but I know that he certainly doesn't want to think of him kissing his little girl. 
"Hello Mr. Mosby. Um, I was just escorting Willow home." He stammers. 
"Mmhm. How often exactly do you escort my daughter home?" My dad interrogates.
"Dad, be easy on him. He was only doing the honorable thing." I say trying to save Alec.
"Oh, making out with my daughter in the hallway is the honorable thing?" He eyes the two of us. 
"Dad!" My eyes widen in embarrassment. 
"I'm sorry Mr. Mosby." Alec looks clueless on how to respond to my dad's prompt. 
My dad breathes out a long breath then says, "You are respecting my daughter, right?" 
"Yes sir, very much sir. I mean, I respect her very much sir. And you. I respect you too, sir." Alec stutters. 
"Good. Well have a goodnight." He shoos Alec away. 
Alec looks at me a little torn but I smile and say, "Goodnight." He gives me a sweet smile and then gladly retreats from this intensely awkward situation. 
I turn to my dad. Any normal teenager would start a fight with their parent after being embarrassed in such a way. I open my mouth but close it quickly when I notice just how tired he looks. I rarely see him due to his intense schedule and I don't like what I'm seeing. He looks much older than he did when we first entered the shelter. His hair is more than fifty percent grey and his eyes look worn out and exhausted. His shoulders are slumped just enough to soften away all of my teenage angst. "I'm sorry dad." I say.
His look softens and he says, "Lets go inside honey." He looks down. My satchel must have crashed to the floor during my fall. My tablet and the paperwork I stole lies face up. My heart starts accelerating as he leans down and picks up my stuff. I try to take it back from him before he can look at it but I don't get the chance. He glances over some of the names and then quickly ushers me into the room and shuts the door. "What is this?" He waves the paper in the air and a look of deep concern lines his face. His eyes don't look tired anymore; they look wide and alert.
"Um, I found it?" I end up phrasing it like a question instead of an answer. 
"Sit." He points towards the one chair that is in our room. I take a seat feeling like a child put in the corner. I watch as he flips through the papers. "Where did you get this?" He asks. 
My brain thinks through what to say. Should I lie or tell the truth. Do I involve my dad in this mess or not? I want to protect him because he certainly doesn't need any extra stress. I open my mouth to make up a lie and am cut short. 
"Truth Willow." He says cutting me off at the pass. 
I look from side to side and then mutter, "Dr. Hastings lab." 
His eyes nearly bulge out of their sockets. "Dr. Hastings lab? What in the world were you doing there?" He stares me down and adds, "I want the truth young lady and I want it now."
I accidentally let out a laugh. His eyes narrow at my outburst. "Sorry, it's just a long story dad." 
"I have all night." He sits down on the edge of his bed to listen. 
I sigh and realize that I have to tell my dad what's going on. I owe it to him. He is my family and his name is on that list. Plus, maybe he can help. I run through everything with him from the cave to the powers and then end with my under cover work that I've been doing with Zack. I even tell him about my eyes and the contacts. I wish I could show them but I don't know how to take the contacts out. When I'm done talking I feel relieved. I look up at my dad who has been silent the whole time. He has a strange pondering look on his face. 
"Honey, you know that I always believe you right?" He asks.
"Yes." I say wondering where he's going with this. 
"I believe you now but I have to say that I'm struggling a bit with the whole super power thing. It doesn't make sense Willow. Maybe you imagined it?" He says. “I WISH HER MOM WERE HERE. I DON’T KNOW WHAT TO DO.”
"She's not here dad and I need you to believe me." I say. 
He looks at me incredulously. "You heard that?" “NO, I MUST BE GOING CRAZY. THIS ISN’T POSSIBLE.”
"It is possible dad and you aren't going crazy." I study him and decide he might need a little more convincing. I haven't tried out Connor's super power yet so I decide now is as good a time as any. If it’s anything like the others it is all about concentration. I take my index finger and place it on the middle of the desk. I concentrate as best I can and slowly I watch my finger sink into the desk. Weird! It doesn't feel like I'm moving through anything. The desk just feels like air, or maybe it's my finger that feels like air. I plunge the rest of my hand through the desk. I giggle when I see it sticking out at the bottom. "Freaky." I say aloud. 
"Oh my gosh." My dad says. I look up to see him hovering over me. He touches the desk and sees that it's not a magic trick or an illusion. "Okay." My dad says a little shaky. "I believe you. Can you please pull your hand back out. It's freaking me out a bit." 
"Oh sure." I pull my hand out quickly and place both my hands in my lap. 
My dad runs his fingers through his hair and pulls a little at it. "This is impossible. I don't know how..." He starts pacing the room. I watch patiently as he makes a few laps. He stops mid stride and turns towards me. "Okay Willow. Tell me what, um...abilities have you been noticing?" 
Relieved that he isn't labeling me as a total nut job I answer. "So far I can read minds, heal myself, go invisible, pass through objects and I can convince people."
"Convince people?" 
"I'm not sure what to call it. It's like I can tell someone to do something and if I concentrate just right they will listen. It's like I can hypnotize them or something but I don't use a watch or an object to put them under." I qualify.
"Compulsion. This is truly amazing Willow." A look of question pops on his face. "Wait, you haven't used this on me have you?"
I feel a little hurt but I understand his need to clarify. "No, I wouldn't do that dad. I try not to use any of this stuff. When I got each power it was hard for me to control it but after a day or so I can manage to turn it off and only use it if I have to." 
"I'm sorry I asked. I love you and I know you wouldn't do that." He sits back down on the bed. "Why do you have this list?" He holds up the papers.
"I saw our names on it and I just grabbed it. I didn't know if it had anything to do with what's happening with me." I say.
My dad scans through it all. "These are the immunizations?"
"I believe so." I say.
"You think this has to do with your abilities?" 
I nod my head. 
"Well, I guess it's as good of a guess as any." He takes the list and hides it under his mattress. "Have you told anyone else about this?" 
I shake my head. "Alec, Connor, Claire and Zack know." I add, "I'm the only one who knows about Zack though. I haven't told my friends about him and I haven't told Zack about their powers either."
“There are others?” He asks looking at me with a fixated stare. I nod my head. “That’s what we were doing tonight…trying to figure out why we’re exhibiting these symptoms when others aren’t.” He rubs the tip of his chin in thought.
"Smart girl. I don't like you working with Zack at all though. I don't trust his dad and I don't think the acorn fell far from the tree in that family." He says. "I will do some digging of my own for you. In the mean time, try to lie low." 
"Okay." My heart feels relieved knowing that he believes me and is going to help. I catch on a moment later to what he just said. "You know who Zack is?"
He nods sadly. "Yes, I know Dr. Hastings son. That family is up to no good. There's a lot of rumors going around about some past trouble they got into. I don't like any of it and I don't want you mixed up with that kind of people." 
"I understand." I say not confirming or denying that I will spend any more of my time investigating with Zack. I already knew that Zack and his family seemed untrustworthy. Now, with my dad's warning, I will be even more vigilant. 
"I love you." He comes over and places a kiss on the top of my head. "Everything is going to be okay." It still astounds me how easy he is handling this. I would have expected more of a show; perhaps hysterics or fainting…something. 
"Thanks dad." I say. I believe him. We can figure this out. 
"Try to get some sleep honey." My dad says.
"What about you? Aren’t you going to bed?" I ask.
"No, I think I need to look into a few things first." He helps me out of the chair, gives me a hug and then leaves the room. 
My mind is so wound up that it takes me what seems like an hour to turn my mind off enough to fall asleep. 
CHAPTER 17 (One-hundred days inside.)

I get a surprising message on my tablet when I wake up the next morning. I've been given another free day. I rarely ever get two free days in a row. The sleuth of texts that follow up that notification let me know that my friends are off as well. 
Since I didn't make plans to snoop around with Zack I tell my friends that I was given a day off from my community service. We text a little more and then agree to meet at breakfast to discuss our plans for the day. While my suspicions are rising as to why I keep getting free days I don’t question it too much. I mean, to work or have a day off…is it really a question?
I quickly throw on a pair of purple scrubs and take a look in the mirror. Leaning in closer I check out my eyes. They are brown but not the same brown that I was born with; the contacts have altered them to look a little darker. I don't know if it's the contacts or what, but I look a lot older than sixteen. I know that inside I feel older too. I've been through a lot of things that a sixteen year old should not have to endure. I sigh and throw my wild curls into a loose bun, grab my satchel and head out, determined not to have a pity party. 
Surprisingly Claire meets me outside of the cafeteria. She looks nervous and her purple eyes are darting back and forth through the crowd looking for someone. I realize that someone is me when she comes running up. 
"Hey!" She looks tense.
"Morning." I say with a half-smile. 
 Claire is literally radiating anxiety. "Um, what's going on?" 
I raise my eyebrow in question. "What do you mean?" 
"Alec seems a bit perturbed this morning. I wasn't sure if y'all had a fight or something last night." She looks behind her checking to make sure nobody is listening.
"What makes you think we got in a fight? Maybe he's just having a rough morning." I'm surprised by her question. 
"Yeah, that could be it." She bites on her lower lip. "But, I saw something this morning. I mean, something I probably shouldn't have seen." 
I stare at her for a second expecting her to carry on but I guess she needs a little prodding. "Well, what did you see?" 
She looks around to make sure nobodies within earshot then leans in close to whisper. "I was practicing my invisible skills this morning and ran into Alec and Zack in the hall."
I gasp. Crap-ola! 
Claire looks at me suspiciously then continues. "They were arguing pretty heatedly. I heard your name brought up. I couldn't hear everything they were saying because I had to turn visible again. I swear I thought that Alec was going to take a swing at Zack and I knew that I had to interrupt them. I ran to the next hall so I didn't just appear out of thin air in front of them and by the time I returned Alec was gone. Zack was standing in the hallway looking all smug with himself. He gave me a horrible stare that made me feel icky all over so I rushed by him as fast as possible."
She looks at me expecting me to say something. I just stand there staring at her with a blank look. My brain is running through the possible things they may have discussed. Does Zack know about Alec's abilities? Does Alec know about my snooping around with Zack? 
"What did Alec say when you found him?" I finally ask.
"Nothing really. He's just been sitting at the table looking all agitated. I asked him what was up but he didn't seem to want to talk. I didn't tell him that I saw him and Zack. I just wanted to find you first." She looks worried.
"Well, I'm sure it's fine. Let’s go in and see what's up." It's easier for me to say than to actually do. Everything in my being doesn't want to go into the possible thunder storm that all of my lying and sneaking around has potentially caused. I walk in behind Claire. Instead of going directly to the table I make my way to the cafeteria line. I grab a bowl of cereal, no milk and a glass of orange juice then head to the table. 
Alec avoids eye contact with me until I sit down. He looks up at me and in that instant I wish he would have continued to dodge my gaze. His blue eyes are as dark as a midnight sky. They still take me back a bit seeing as how they were a bold emerald green when I first met him. I break eye contact first and feign interest in my food. My stomach doesn't feel hungry; in fact it feels a little sick. Probably sick with worry. I pick at the cereal with my fingers and eat anyhow. 
Everyone remains uncomfortably silent while I finish my breakfast. The tension in the air is so thick you could cut it with a knife. I want to say something and start defending myself but I know I should wait for Alec to bring it up first. 
"So, are you all ready to go?" Connor asks uncomfortably. 
I look to Alec who is still appraising me with an intense, slightly angry stare. I dodge it quickly and say, "Sure." We leave the cafeteria silently. Once we are out in the hall Connor takes all of our tablets. I assume that means that we are headed to the cave. 
The journey to our secret spot is agonizing due to the silence. I twiddle my thumbs and have to consistently try to tell myself to stop fidgeting. It makes me look guilty. Alec glances at me through his peripheral vision every once in a while. I tense up each time wondering when he's going to lay me out. 
When we reach the drop off I consider asking Connor to help me down. I can't imagine jumping into Alec's arms. I wonder if he could be mad enough to let me fall on 'accident.' I brush that thought off as absurdly ridiculous. Alec loves me and even if he hated me, he wouldn't be the kind of guy to let someone get hurt. 
Connor and Claire make their way down the drop off first. Connor jumps down, not bothering with the ladder and Claire drops into his arms. He gives her a peck on the lips when he sets her down. 
My heart starts racing as Alec jumps down. Connor and Claire have started heading down the next tunnel leaving Alec and me alone. He turns around and gestures his arms up to me. I can't see his facial expression because he's set his flashlight on the ground facing up towards me. I take a deep breath and allow myself to drop into his arm. He catches me. He hesitates for a second as he slowly sets me down. His hands remain planted on my hips as my feet touch the concrete. I look into his eyes and see a mix of emotions running wild. My heart is hammering fast and the butterflies that I always get around him are running rampant in my stomach. He leans forward only a fraction of an inch. I imagine he would have kissed me had it been any other circumstance. The fact that he slowly comes to some unknown realization and turns away from me hits my heart hard. It feels like a knife cutting right through it. 
He grabs his flashlight and heads down the tunnel behind Connor and Claire. 
I follow reluctantly, feeling horrible. Whatever went on between Zack and Alec must have been bad. By the look in Alec's eyes and the silent treatment he's giving me, I assume it was catastrophic. 
A thought occurs to me. I work so hard to keep people's thoughts out of my mind that I haven't thought to listen in on what's going on in Alec's head. I feel a little torn about invading his privacy but I figure I can't do much worse than I've already done to him. 
"I’M SO MAD AT HER. HOW COULD SHE DO THIS?" Alec's inner voice says in a near holler. I cringe at the sound of it. I didn’t know you could yell in your head.
Usually people's inner voices are rather calm but he seems really worked up. I listen hard to find out what he's mad about but he just keeps saying the same thing over and over. Sometimes he rephrases it in a different manner but never does he think about the reasons why he's actually mad.
 At the next drop Alec stays behind me so that Connor has to help me down. That really tops the cake; he’s mad enough that he doesn't want to touch me. I just wish I knew exactly what he’s so mad about. Is it the sneaking around with Zack or lying to him? Or maybe a little of both? I mean either one of those things would be enough to make me mad but would it make me as angry as Alec seems to be? I don't know. 
When we get into the cave Connor and Claire head directly to the later cave. Alec moves to follow them but I grab his arm and turn him towards me. He looks surprised at first but then his stare turns into an angry glare. 
"What is wrong with you?" I throw my hands on my hips and stomp my foot. I can't believe I just stomped my foot! 
Alec seems like he is going to ignore me but then he says, "Actually the question here should be what is up with you?"
I look at him appraisingly. "What do you mean?" 
He laughs. "Oh, let me rephrase that for you Willow." I don't like the way he says my name. He continues. "What is up with you and Zack?" 
Crappy-crappington! "What do you mean what is up with Zack and me?" I know it's a stupid mechanism to counter his question with another question but I want to know what he's heard. I open my mind but all I hear are the same phrases over and over again. He's mad at me and he can't believe I've done this. Done what? 
"Don't play coy with me Willow. You know exactly what I'm referring to!" He puts both of his hands on his hips. I note that his hands are facing outwards. I remember learning in an elective psychology class that hands facing backwards on your hips represent someone taking a normal posture. Hands facing forward show aggression or anger, neither of which are a good thing. 
I open my mouth to try and say something witty or to possibly counter with yet another question but I decide against it. I take a deep breath and tell myself that I need to be honest with him. I should have been honest with him from the very beginning. "I'm sorry Alec. He told me not to tell you. I know I shouldn't have listened to him but I thought that perhaps he would be able to help us." 
A strange look flashes across Alec's eyes. He says, "What do you mean? How could Zack help us?" 
"I don't know how but he knew about me. I didn't tell him about all of you though. He said that he could help me investigate to try and figure out how we got these powers." I say quickly.
His eyebrow shoots up. "How we got these powers? You just said that you didn't tell him about us." 
Oh touché! I consider it quickly and then realize that I don't owe anything to Zack by keeping his powers a secret. "Zack has a power too. He can compel people." 
Alec seems to be processing the information when he asks, "Like make people do his bidding? Like those old vampire movies?" 
I had never really thought about it that way but, "Yeah, I guess like that." 
He scratches his head and I notice that his body language doesn't seem as rigid. "So did he help you?" 
"Well, he got me these contacts." I point to my eyes and then cringe at Alec's expression. I forgot that I lied to him about that too. I take a long exasperated breath. This is the exact reason why lying is bad! 
When Alec doesn't say anything I add, "We also broke into Dr. Hasting's office." Alec seems to look interested in that tad bit of knowledge. "Actually, Dr. Hasting's is Zack's dad." Alec seems surprised by that too. "We nearly got caught but I managed to grab that list before we left." 
"Did you guys figure out what the immunizations have to do with this?" He asks.
"He doesn't know I took it so no, we didn't figure out anything. My best guess is that maybe it could have caused our powers."
"Then why hasn't everyone exhibited powers yet?" He ponders.
"I don't know that yet. I mean honestly, they could have squat to do with our powers but I figured it was a start." 
"Okay, so I get that you and Zack were trying to do 'research,' but why did you lie to me?" Alec puts his hands back up on his hips. 
"I don't know. Zack told me I couldn't tell you and I...." I feel frustrated tears come to my eyes as I realize how damaging my lies were to our relationship. I blink them away and look back at Alec. "There is no excuse for my lying to you. I shouldn't have done it. I'm so sorry Alec. If I had the power to go back in time I would tell him No!" I take a shaky breath and add sincerely, "I understand that you are mad, probably even livid at me. I understand as well that I've broken our trust. If you feel like we need to break up I would not hold it against you in any way." This time I can't blink my tears away. They start flowing over.
Alec seems to struggle against some sort of invisible barrier as he takes a single step towards me. He doesn't say anything but looks tortured. I open my mind to hear what he's thinking. "I’M SO MAD…AATT…HHEERR.” My eyes open wide at the way his thoughts sound. It's like each syllable is a struggle for him to think, or like he's thinking that thought but is also in a way trying to fight against it. 
I blink a few times as I listen to his thoughts repeat the same struggling inner dialogue. Something clicks and I realize instantly what's going on here. "What did Zack tell you?" I ask boldly.
He seems to be surprised by my change in demeanor. "What do you mean?" 
"What exactly did he say to you? Claire overheard you both fighting. I want to know what he said." I stand up tall and stare him down.
Alec looks puzzled and then thoughtful. He seems to be pondering it. I tune into his thought process. "WHAT DID ZACK SAY? I CAN’T REMEMBER. I KNOW WE TALKED. WHAT WAS IT? I’M SO MAD AT HER, HOW COULD SHE DO THIS? WHAT?” Alec rubs his temples.
I was right in my conclusion. I take a step towards Alec. I put both of my hands on his arms and then look deeply into his eyes. "He compelled you." I say simply.
"What? No." He says with very little conviction.
"Yes, he did. I've been listening to your thoughts and over and over again you've been saying that you are so mad at me and how could I do this? What exactly were you mad about?" I ask. "Did you know I had lied to you?" 
He thinks about it and then takes a step back from me. "No, I don't think I knew. I mean, you just told me but..." 
I step back towards him not letting him off the hook. I hold my hands to each side of his face and make him stare at me. "He compelled you Alec. He told you to be mad at me." I say it with force in hopes that he will listen to me. 
"HE HAD TO HAVE! I’M GOING TO KILL HIM. I’M…SO…MA…NO!” Alec cuts his own line of thinking off at the pass. He grimaces and jerks away from me again. "That bastard! I'm going to kill him!" 
"Not if I get to him first! He had absolutely no right!" I'm feeling utterly furious. I don't know Zack's motive but it doesn't matter, I'm pissed!
Alec seems to calm down a bit. He looks remorseful. "I TREATED HER SO HORRIBLY.” 
"No!" I say. He looks confused at my having heard his thoughts. I continue. "You did not treat me horribly. Sure you were mad at me but Alec, I deserve this! I don't know why exactly Zack compelled you to be mad at me but you really honestly did have the right be mad at me. I lied to you and went behind your back. That is completely unacceptable! I'm so sorry!" 
"Willow." He whispers.
A loud clapping erupts behind me followed by a sinister laugh that echoes against the cave walls. I turn to see Zack standing near the entrance to the second cave. He's clapping brashly. "Bravo! Bravo!" Alec takes me by the hips and moves me behind him. I stare over his shoulder grateful for the protection. 
I glare at Zack. My insides feel like they are on fire and my heart starts hammering in my chest. How did he know we were here? Better yet, how did he find this place?
"That was such an impassioned plea Willow! I nearly yelled out that I forgive you for poor Alec." He sets his gaze on Alec. "She's a firecracker. I would think you might be a little too good for her. That whole gentleman thing you've got going on doesn't seem to mesh with her bad girl persona if you know what I mean buddy." He says laughing again. Zack seems far too comfortable in his own skin. Almost like he could take the world on his shoulders if he deemed fit.
I watch Alec's fists clench up and his muscles on his forearms tense. "I'm not your buddy and don't you dare talk about her that way." Alec starts walking forward but I pull his arm back.
"No Alec, leave him alone. He's dangerous." I whisper the last part hoping Zack didn’t catch on. That was a very sensible thing for me to say especially when I really wanted to see Zack's face pummeled in. "What are you doing here anyhow Zack?" I ask vehemently. 
"Well I heard this is where all the cool kids hang." Even though he is across the room I can still see that trademark sly smile of his. I want to slap it off his lips. 
I start stomping his way but Alec keeps his arms taught, not allowing me through. "Willow, why don't you get out of here? I can deal with Zack."
"No way!" I say.
Alec spins around and tries to convince me with his eyes to leave, but I don't succumb. Knowing that I'm not going anywhere, he turns back and yells, "What do you want Zack?" 
Zack holds his hands out, "Well I wanted to invite you to the party. Come on in." He gestures for us to join him. Neither of us move so Zack adds, "Hurry up now, your friends are waiting." 
Connor and Claire! I forgot they were in there. A sick feeling knots in my stomach. Alec must have the same feeling because he turns and whispers in my ear, "Run Willow. Go get help." I look back up at him and slightly shake my head. I couldn't leave! Not now.
"Ah, ah, ah!" Zack yells catching on to what Alec is trying to get me to do. We turn to see him shaking his finger at us. "You’re both invited to this party. He looks behind my back and I turn to see a large, bouncer worthy man blocking the tunnel that leads to our freedom. "Come on!" He yells more impatiently this time. 
Alec grabs my hand and we slowly make our way towards Zack. 
"Ah, lovebirds. It's sickening, really." He turns and leads us down the narrow tunnel, leading us to the other cave. 
I crawl through it. I have to take several breaths as my chest starts constricting. The walls seem to be closing in on me and my heart skips a beat. I feel the dizziness wash over me as a panic attack starts. Alec squeezes my hand ever so slightly and a warm feeling succumbs me. The panic subsides. I wonder for a second if it was just my knowing that I'm not alone or if it is Alec's healing ability that made it go away. 
I don't have time to ponder it much when we step out into the cave. The sun is shining brightly on the pool of water. This cave feels more warm and humid than the inner cave does. I wonder how much hotter it must be outside if the small amount of sunlight in this cave can heat it even though it's still several hundred feet below ground. 
"Ah, our guests have arrived." I look up to see Dr. Hastings staring at us. Next to him on the floor are Connor and Claire. Another man stands next to them. He's holding a gun to Claire's head.
"What's going on?" I direct my question towards Zack who has come to stand next to me. My heartbeat picks up seeing that cold steel barrel pointed at my best friends head. 
He looks at me with an amused expression. "We are just cleaning up some loose ends here."
"Over here." The man with the gun waives at Alec. "You sit." 
I look to Alec. We silently agree that now is not the time to fight. 
We start moving forward but Zack puts his hand on my shoulder stopping me. "Not you sugar." My blood boils! It must have set Alec off as well because he lunges at him. I get knocked over by them and I watch the fight from my place on the ground. 
Alec pulls his hand back and takes a swing for Zack's face. I inwardly cheer as it makes contact with his jaw. Zack recovers quickly and punches Alec in the eye. Alec tackles Zack and they both go plummeting into the water. I hadn't realized how close they were to the edge. 
Dr. Hastings walks over to the man with the gun and takes it from him so that the man can go and retrieve his son. Or Alec, whichever one came first. The man splashes into the water and pulls Alec out by the back of his shirt. Alec is still swinging but the man outweighs him by nearly double. He pulls him out of the water with minimal struggle and pushes Alec to the ground next to Connor. 
Zack rubs his jaw as he climbs out of the water. He's soaking wet and his shoes make a squeaking sound as he walks. I expect him to go after Alec again but he does something even more dangerous. He walks to my side and throws his arm around my shoulder. The cold water dripping off of him seeps into my clothes and I shiver. Alec tries to jump up but the sound of the safety being removed from the gun makes him rethink his next move. The man must have grabbed it back from Dr. Hastings because he now points it directly at Alec's temple. 
 I stand frozen underneath Zack's arm. Worry for Alec and my friends paralyzes me. I must look scared because Alec ignores the gun pointing at him and tries to stand up again. A gunshot rings out. It echoes dangerously through the cave as Alec falls to the ground.
"No!" I yell out. I unfreeze in that second. I stomp with all my might onto Zack's left foot and elbow him as hard as I can in his stomach. I take satisfaction in hearing the air whoosh out of Zack's lungs. 
I don't take time to savor the slight victory though. I run to Alec and slide down in front of him. His head is slumped forward and I worry at first that he may be unconscious or worse yet, dead. I look around trying to find where he was hit. The blood is seeping out of his right shoulder. His eyes look glassy and disoriented. My heart is beating so frantically that I can feel it in my throat. I have to blink away the tears that are blurring my vision. He can't die! 
The man aims his gun towards Connor and Claire when they try to come help me. "Move away." The man orders to me.
I ignore him and start ripping at Alec's shirt. The bleeding has soaked through. 
"Let her be." Dr. Hastings chimes.
I find the bullet hole. I'm guessing the bullet exited his body by the size of the wound. In movies and on television that always seems to be a good sign. Alec grunts in pain so I try to lay him back on the ground. I imagine that Alec's healing abilities would probably heal this size of a wound in a few minutes. I can't stand the pained expression on his face though so I decide not to wait on his inner healing abilities. 
I've never tried to heal anyone before so I don't know if I can, but I figured it wouldn't hurt to try. I pull him up into my arms and then I press both of my hands on each side of his shoulder over the entry and exit wounds. I focus with all that I can on healing him. I feel a type of energy going out of my hands. A slight tingling sensation reaches all the way up my arm. I don't know if what I'm doing is helping until Alec takes a deep breath. I pull my hands back and examine the wound. It's closed up completely. I let out my own sigh of relief and my heart starts steadying out. 
Alec sits up next to me slowly. He still seems sore, which makes sense; what, with having just been shot and all. He leans his forehead against mine and says, "Thank you," in a breathy whisper.
A few tears escape my eyes as I realize he's going to be okay. I'd never been so scared in my life than when I heard that gunshot ring out. 
"Remarkable." Dr. Hastings breaks the silence. "Is there anything you can't do Willow?" 
I glare up at Dr. Hastings who seems to be eyeing me like he would a multi-million dollar experiment. "Apparently not. You should let us go now before I bring down the wrath of my powers on you." I stand up and try to look menacing hoping that my cheesy fake out line will work. 
He eyes me appraisingly and then smiles. "I don't believe you have that type of power yet my dear." 
Urgh! What is it with these Hastings men and their use of not-so-endearing terms? 
"Anyhow. I'm not done with you yet." He looks down at his tablet. "Oh, we better get going. We have a lot to do."
"Yep, time to go sugar." Zack says with venom in his voice. I don't move and a second later he grabs a handful of my curly hair and pulls me by it. I yelp as I feel my hair pulling at my scalp. Tears spring to my eyes and I hastily jump up. 
Alec tries to help me but the man puts the gun against his temple. He says in a low terrifying voice, "This time I'm going in for the kill. I recommend you don't move." 
Alec looks so torn so I say, "I'm okay." 
Zack throws his arm around my shoulder again but squeezes me uncomfortably tight against him. He's making sure there is no room for an elbowing of any sort. I wouldn't have done it anyhow. I don't want to do anything that would make Alec tempt the man with the gun again. 
"Let's get on with it." Dr. Hastings says rather bored. He waves his hand over his shoulder as if shooing us off and then exits the cave. 
"Yep, I've grown bored with this party. I recommend you stay as far from the exit as you can." He says to my friends. He turns and looks at me, "Shall we?" He doesn't wait for a response. He grabs my arm tightly and starts pulling me towards the exit. 
I plant my feet into the ground and try to hold my place but he just drags me a long. "Let me go!" I scream looking back at my friends. 
The man with the gun is backing up but continues to have his gun trained on them. When he reaches us he turns it on me. "Move and she's dead." The man calls to Alec who has already gotten to his feet. "Sit!" The man demands pressing the gun into my temple. I can feel the cold steel and it sends prickling goose bumps cascading down my arms. 
"Willow." Alec calls. 
"Alec!" I yell as Zack pulls me into the tunnel. I fight him but it's no use. I hadn't realized how strong Zack was. He drags me through the tunnel. I feel the cold earth slicing at my body but I refuse to make this easy on him. I kick and scream. The man with the gun crawls through the tunnel backwards, ready to shoot anyone who tries to follow. 
When we are all out on the other side, Zack calls into the tunnel again. "I really recommend that if you are near this tunnel that you get as far away from it as possible!"
The bouncer looking guy who blocked our exit to the first cave is standing near us now. In his hand is a stick of dynamite. He lights the long cord and realization strikes me cold. They are going to trap my friends! "Get back!" I yell into the tunnel. "They have explosives!" 
Zack pulls me away from the tunnel towards the main cave's exit. The man throws the dynamite into the tunnel and we all hastily retreat. A minute passes before a deafening explosion rings out and the ground shakes. I nearly lose my balance but Zack rights me back up and continues dragging me out of the cave. My entire body goes numb and my heart drops! My friends were in there! I have no way of knowing if they are dead or alive. They have no escape, that’s if they’re even alive.
Think, think, think! I have to make my brain work if I have any hope of surviving this. As of now it’s three against one and those odds are surely not in my favor. I think about all the abilities I have exhibited over the past few weeks. My only guess is I must have all the powers of my friends combined. I try and make a list in my head.
 
Hearing inner thoughts (my original power)
Healing (Alec)
Compulsion (Zack…shiver)
Invisibility (Claire)
Changing molecular structure…if that’s what you call it (Connor)

If my theory is correct and I do in fact have all these powers, I may just make it out unscathed. As to my friends…I just don’t know. One thought that crosses my mind is about Connor. If he is able to change his molecular structure maybe he will be able to walk through the wreckage caused by the explosion and get help. A spark of hope ignites within me…a very tiny spark, but nonetheless a spark. 
I’m brought back to the present as Zack pulls my arm again jerking me around yet another corner. I should have been paying attention to where we were going because now I have no idea how we got where we are. The tunnel has become smaller and Dr. Hastings and the other man have turned into a narrow walkway that's offset to the side. It’s so small one might not see it if they didn’t know what they were looking for. 
Zack shoves me in first and follows right behind me, never letting go of my arm. I’m sure that I could try and use Connor’s ability right now to move straight through Zack’s grip but I should probably save it for a time when I wouldn’t get immediately caught. Plus, then they would know more than they already do about me. At this point that is probably the only power Zack doesn’t know about and knowledge of that is definitely on my side.
We round a few small turns and come to a door. There is a single bulb light flickering haphazardly above us. Dr. Hastings walks up to the door and punches in a code. It’s nine digits in length…too long for most to memorize…and it’s an odd number. I hate odd numbers. My photographic memory steps in as the numbers become ingrained in my brain: 4-2-6-8-4-9-0-1-2. Who knows, that may come in handy later.
A small beep sounds and the door releases. Zack pushes me into the room after the other two had gone before me. A light turns on illuminating Dr. Hasting’s lab. I can tell this is where Zack had taken me in the past because the layout is identical. The only difference is the bed that is fixed in one of the corners…that wasn’t there before. A small feeling of panic escapes my lips as I see the restraints they are probably going to be using. Large leather belts with multiple belt holes reinforced by large silver rings. They look impenetrable…well at least for normal people. An IV pole stands to the side of the bed with a clear solution hanging from a bag. On the other side is a heart monitor and some other machine I have yet to identify. It all looks so wrong, it scares me to death. I begin shaking and my feet won’t move. I feel myself slowly sinking to the ground, shaking and sweating. 
“Oh no you don’t,” Zack says forcefully. “You can do that over there if you want.” 
I shake my head and feel a scream of panic rising from my lungs. I dig my heels in the ground realizing that if they get me where they want me, I might never leave here alive. I begin scratching frantically and pulling at anything I can from the counters throwing it on the ground. I scream and flail my arms trying desperately to get Zack to let me go. 
“Stop Willow…relax a little would you!” I feel a sting in my neck and my eyes open wide in surprise. Then the world around me grows dim as I slip slowly away into nothingness. 
CHAPTER 18 (One-hundred and one days inside, I think.)

I wake to the sound of beeping machines. It takes me a second to remember where I am and all the memories come flooding back. I keep my eyes shut to try and assess the situation. I hear at least two people in the room. One is scribbling on a pad of paper in the corner while the other is typing something on some sort of device…I can’t tell. I listen for a few minutes concentrating on keeping my heart rate down. I know that if I panic, my heart rate will go up, and it could go from bad to worse really fast. 
Someone taps a pencil against a piece of paper. “When is she going to wake up? She’s been out for over three hours.” I can tell that the voice belongs to Zack. 
“The serum is different and is contingent upon the person. It could take another hour or so, or it could take a few more minutes. Try and exhibit some patience, would you?” I recognize that voice as that of Dr. Hastings. 
A chair scrapes against the floor and I listen as feet begin pacing the room. “I’m going to try the smelling salts again.” Zack’s voice reverberates off the walls of the room. 
“You must get your impatience from your mother’s side.” Dr. Hastings remarks.
Zack’s footsteps stop suddenly. I wonder to myself if that’s a sore subject…Zack’s mother. I hear him coming around to the side of my bed. I try not to breathe or move. I know what smelling salts can do, and I know for a fact it will give away the fact that I'm awake. 
I feel something tickle under my nose. I try and hold my breath, but one of the machines starts beeping. My oxygen levels must be dropping. I can feel the machine clipped to my index finger. When I can hold my breath no longer I breathe in the smelling salts and immediately cough and sneeze at the same time. Realizing it’s over, I open my eyes. 
“Well, well, look who’s up,” Zack says with that sinisterness back in his voice. The hairs on my arms stand on end as he leans over the bed assessing me. I open my mouth and he cuts me off. “If you scream, I’ll gag you,” Zack says simply. 
I hear Dr. Hastings chair scoot back and see him come into my peripheral vision. I try and move my body but I'm held down by the straps. I even have one around my head and my middle making it impossible to move even an inch. A single tear slips down my face. "What do you want with me?" 
"We want to know why you are possessing more than one power." Dr. Hastings says rather matter of factly. “Your blood work was inconclusive.” 
"Why are you doing this?" I ask.
"Well to find out how to duplicate it of course. We are going to do several tests and some require you to be awake. Don't worry, they won't last too long but they may hurt. I will put you out as soon as we are done." Dr. Hastings says.
Put me out? Like a dog or like a light? My heart races and I hear the monitor tattle tell on me by beeping ferociously.
"Well sugar, you could always tell us how you came to possess these additional powers...That is if you know." Zack chimes in, smiling creepily down at me. 
I try to shake my head, but it's no use. I don't know how and even if I knew some special secret I wouldn't share it with these guys. The type of power I've come across could be extremely dangerous in the hands of the wrong person. In my peripheral vision I see Dr. Hastings pick up some sort of scary looking metal instrument. My heart starts raging war again and the monitors go wild. 
Zack seems pleased when he sees this. “What’s the matter sugar? Are you scared?” He makes a pouty face at me and then laughs. “This will only hurt a bit.” This last statement must seem even funnier to him because he laughs harder. 
I close my eyes trying to regain my composure. I can’t seem weak in front of Zack. It’s like adding fuel to the fire. He likes it, and it makes my stomach recoil in disgust. I force my heart to move into a steady rhythm. 
 “Hold still,” Zack demands. “I need to remove your contacts. We need to run a few…tests.” He says the last word with more venom than I’d like to admit. 
Zack pries my eyes open with his fingers and puts a few drops of liquid in my eyes. It burns like crazy for a few moments, and then the sensation subsides. He does the same action to my other eye, then removes the contacts with the tips of his fingers. I watch as the world comes back into focus. Zack’s eyes are wide with shock. “Dad, you might want to take a look at this…” 
I listen as Dr. Hastings footsteps approach. His footsteps stop abruptly and my eyes meet his. We stare at each other for what seems like forever. I watch him appraise me; he approaches with what seems like caution. “Brilliant,” Dr. Hastings whispers. “Just…spectacular!” He seems at a loss for words. 
I glance back over at Zack and he has the same wonderment in his eyes. Far too soon the both of them snap out of their appraising trance and look at each other. “You ready to start?” Zack asks his dad. 
He nods and I hear them beginning to clank metal instruments around in a drawer. I clench my fists knowing I’m about to become a lab rat. There is no remorse in their beady stares. I know they will show no mercy or pull out any stops for me. I am just an object to them…an object on which to study. Well, at least I’ll go with my pride, I think to myself. I’m not going to cry, no matter how bad the torture. I. Will. Not. Cry.
I begin to hear the sharpening of metal objects to my right and I stare straight up at the ceiling. Even if I was able to get myself out of these straps I wouldn’t be able to get out of the room…or would I. A plan begins to form in my brain. And before I have a chance to think it through I begin to put it into action. It’s now or never in my mind. These two will show me no mercy and I have to act now…or I will surely die. I concentrate hard opening my mind up to channel Connor’s gift. Silently and swiftly I lift my arms up from the straps and set them back down on top of them. I do the same with my feet. I take a deep breath and allow the head restraint to fall below my head and the waist restraint to do the same. I listen intently and hear Dr. Hastings and Zack still perusing through the various drawers and cabinets. I take this time to go completely invisible. I wait a few seconds and then look down at my arm. I lift it but see nothing. I glance over at Zack and Dr. Hastings. I realize I only have seconds before they realize what I’ve done. I quickly and silently get up from the table. My head is still woozy and I try and make sure that I don’t fall. I’m not very graceful but I manage to get back on my own two feet. I inch away from the two of them when I hear the sound of numerous metal objects clatter to the ground. 
“Zack,” Dr. Hastings says in a panic. 
Zack looks over and seems surprised for a second to find me ‘not there.’ “Dad, I told you she can turn invisible. She’s still there.” He goes back to what he’s doing, but it doesn’t look like Dr. Hastings is buying it. I inch my way quietly through the room getting as far away from the two of them as possible. 
“If she’s only invisible, then why are the restraints not holding their shape?” Leave it to Dr. Hastings to realize this. 
Zack stops what he’s doing and lunges for the bed. He grabs for the strap and feels around it. In a furry of anger he slams the empty strap back down on the bed. His face turns red and he turns facing right at me. I have to keep whispering in my head that he can’t see me. “Where are you,” he yells. “I know you’re in here. There’s no where you can go.” 
I inch closer to the door as he begins searching the room. He flails his arms out making sure he covers every inch of the room. Dr. Hastings joins him in the search. My heart pounds in my chest as more than one time I catch Zack’s eyes with mine. I’m sure he doesn’t know it, but it still puts me more on edge. I find the doorway. Dr. Hastings is only a few feet from me at this point. I’m scared to death because if this doesn’t work then I know I am done for.
I take a deep, silent breath and concentrate on becoming nothing. Concentrate on not only being invisible but also allowing my body the ability to pass through the door. I’ve never tried to use multiple abilities simultaneously before. It’s a feeling like no other when I finally manage to slip past the solid oak. I watch the wood splintering past my eyes as my body melts through the door, first one leg, then the other. My body is almost through it when Dr. Hasting’s hand hits the remainder of my arm. He grabs on and holds it like a death grip. “Got her,” he says. 
I don’t panic at all. I know that won’t help me here. I just allow my body to calm and focus. I know I can get away from his grip; I’m doing the same thing with the door. Slowly, ever so slowly I inch my arm from his grasp and through the door. “What the…” Is the last thing I hear as I slip into the hallway. 
I take off in a sprint and make my way down the long, winding tunnels. I have no idea where I'm headed but I continue to run away from the sound of footsteps and shouting. By the sound of it I can assume that I'm not only being followed by the Hastings men but by at least two other people. I approach a fork in the tunnels and make a gut choice to take the path to my left. I pray that it's the right one as I hurry through it. 
My heart starts pounding as I reach a dead end. What the heck? Why would any tunnel have a dead end, I mean why even build that portion of the tunnel?
"Ah, Sugar. I can see you again." Zack says from behind me. 
I look down at my body. The panic must have been what made me lose my concentration. I slowly turn around. Zack is standing only a few feet away looking smugger than ever. "Why are you doing this to me?" I hate it when the victim says that in movies but I couldn't think of anything better to say. Plus, I need to stall until I can calm myself down enough to possibly move through this tunnel wall. My heart is beating way too fast to control any of my powers.
"It's nothing personal Sugar. You see, you have a few things I want." He looks me up and down.
I do my best not to show any emotion. Instead I just raise my eyebrow and ask, "Like what?" I take a few non-exaggerated breaths willing my heart to calm.
"When I found out about my dad's little experiment he had to do a lot to keep me quiet. The most important demand I made in order to promise my silence was that he give me the strongest power of them all. He obviously hasn't kept up his end of the bargain." 
I try pushing my hand through the wall at my back but it doesn't go through. Crap, I have to keep him talking. "Why would your dad have to bribe you to keep you quiet? You're his son. Are you saying you would have thrown him under the bus?"
 His hazel eyes turn dark and I worry that I just made him even angrier. "Let's just say that some of his experiments didn't turn out so well." 
"Zack! Did you find anything?" Dr. Hastings voice echoes through the tunnels. 
Zack walks a short distance to the mouth of the tunnel and yells, "Yep! I've got her!"
This is my only opportunity. I take a deep breath and focus my mind on being fluid. I push my hand into the tunnel wall and it passes through. Yes! I take a few more deep breaths and push my full arm and leg in. 
"No!" Zack yells. "Stop!" 
Yeah right, like I would really stop. Instead I focus on pushing the rest of my body into the cold rock. I close my eyes and literally walk through several layers of dark sediment until I see light behind my eyelids. I open them again and find myself standing in a hallway somewhere in the shelter. Feeling a bit disoriented, I lean up against the wall and take a moment to get my bearings straight. I have never passed through anything that thick and it really wore me down. 
I focus my healing powers internally and soon I feel back to normal. I look around and notice that I'm in the school wing of the shelter. Thankfully nobody was around to see me materialize from the solid wall.
 I run past a few classrooms and into the stairwell. I reach my room a few minutes later. I know it's not the safest place to be but I don't know where else to go. I shut the door behind me and lock it. 
"Warning! We have a high risk red alert. Please proceed to lock down mode. I repeat high risk red alert." A female announces through the intercom system. 
A second later a new voice takes over, this one I recognize. "Please proceed to follow lock down instructions. We are currently looking for a suspect, Willow Mosby. She is a five foot seven Caucasian teen with light brown curly hair. She was last seen wearing purple scrubs. This suspect should be considered dangerous. If you believe you have seen Willow Mosby please report her through the emergency app on your tablet. Please do not approach her as she may be dangerous." Dr. Hastings announces. 
What? My heartbeat starts running frantically again. They are going to hunt me down! I feel the panic attack coming on strong so I sit down and place my head in between my knees while taking deep breaths. 
The female voice comes onto the intercom again. "High risk red alert. Please proceed to follow lock down instructions. I repeat, High risk red alert." 
What the heck are lock down instructions? I must have missed that part of orientation! 
The lock on the door jiggles. No! I don't have time to react so I throw myself under the bed. As if that weren't an obvious place to look. I watch as a single set of shoes enter the room. The door closes behind them and I hear the lock click back into place. I will my heart to calm down so I can go invisible but it's beating way too frantically.
"Willow?" My dad whispers. 
My breath whooshes out of me in a loud sigh of relief. My dad must have heard it because he kneels down beside me. 
"Willow! Are you okay? What are they talking about?" My dad asks as he helps me out from under the bed and to my feet.
"Dad, it's Dr. Hastings and his son! They knocked me out and were trying to do tests on me to find out why I have these powers. They hurt my friends. We were in a cave and they blew up the entrance leaving my friends there. They are trying to find me! They are going to kill me!" I mumble so quickly that I don't have time to keep the tears from falling down. 
"I knew that he was up to no good!" My dad says. He starts pacing the room. His face is red with anger and he keeps clenching his fists. He stops in front of me. "I won't let them hurt you. Do you understand?" My dad says as reassuringly as he can. He stares closely at my eyes and seems awed by them. I forgot he's only seen me with the contacts on. 
"Dad, I love you but you are only one man. They have the entire shelter after us. They will hurt you. They threatened my friends with a gun. They shot Alec!" Suddenly worry for my dad consumes me. I can't let him get caught up in this!
"They shot him?" He seems amazed that this was even possible. We rarely hear about shootings now a days. Officials still carry weapons but rarely is it ever necessary to use them.
"Yes, but I healed him. Well he helped too with his own healing powers." I run my hands through my hair. My body is alert with nervous energy.
My dad looks awed again at my powers. "Honey, you are so strong, you know that right?"
I start to shake my head but my dad's gaze tells me that he believes in me so I nod.
"This is so hard for me to say, but you need to go. You need to leave this shelter. If anyone can make it out there you can. You can use your powers. I will try to get out as soon as I can but you need to get out of here now." He looks torn at sending his daughter out into the elements. "You can make it through the walls can’t you? Isn't that one of your gifts?"
I stifle a sob and nod. I can't imagine leaving here, leaving my dad. Leaving my friends trapped. Alec.
"Then you need to do it." My dad pulls me into his arms. 
A series of thunderous knocks pound against the door. 
My dad whispers in my ear, "I love you. Go now." 
I look around frantically. I have to calm my heart rate first so I climb under the bed. My dad must realize that I need a moment because he pushes his blanket so it covers the area under the bed where I'm hiding. 
The knocking persists. "Mosby family, open this door immediately or we will open it by force.
I hear the toilet flush and then my dad calls out as he opens the door, "Sorry, I was in the restroom." 
I hear several footsteps enter the small room. "We are looking for your daughter Mr. Mosby. She is a dangerous suspect and we must see her immediately. If you are harboring her here you will be implicated as a party in her crimes as well." A man I don't recognize calls out.
"My daughter is not dangerous. What exactly is it that you think she did?" My dad asks. 
The man clears his throat. "Murder."
"Murder?!" My dad yells. "Impossible. Who do you think she murdered." 
"Three of her friends." 
I nearly gasp out loud but catch myself. They are saying that I murdered my friends? What a convenient out to explain why they are missing! Rage fills me.
"She would never!" My dad demands. I can hear the outrage in his voice. 
"I will not discuss anymore information with you sir. Do you wish to give up your daughter willingly or will we have to search the room?" This voice I recognize as the evil Dr. Hastings. 
"She's not here." My father says confidently. 
I look down at myself. I'm obviously still here. I work hard to focus on melting through the floor. My heart is still beating too fast.
"Well then, you don't mind if we search the room?" Dr. Hastings says. 
"Be my guest." My dad says. 
With that I change my tactics and focus on trying to turn invisible. I don't want my dad to suffer for this, so they can't catch me. I look down and feel my heart calming as my arms disappear before me. 
"Thank you Mr. Mosby." Another man says. 
"Candy, please proceed." Dr. Hastings orders.
Candy? Why is Candy here? 
"Why do you need her to search? This room isn't that big. You can obviously see that she's not here." My dad says.
Dr. Hastings must hesitate a second but then deems it okay to spill the beans. "We know about your daughters abilities Mr. Mosby." He chuckles and says, "Don't pretend with me and act like you don't know." I guess my dad gives up his false look of question because Dr. Hastings says. "My daughter has an ability too. She can see through any type of facade that these abilities can create. That means she can see the invisible and a lot more than that." 
Oh no! My heart starts racing now. Chill out Willow, chill out. I focus everything I have on moving through this floor. I feel myself slowly sinking. That's when the blanket pops up. I look down at my arms and see that I'm invisible. Then I look to the side at Candy's big blue eyes staring at me. My heart races again and just like that the floor becomes hard again beneath my body. No! Now not only am I in this mess but my dad is too! 
Candy opens her mouth and I expect her to call out that I'm here but instead she mouths the word 'Go,' to me. 
My mouth opens and I find myself in pure shock. She drops the blanket back over the bed and tells her dad. "I don't think she's here father." 
"Are you sure?" Dr. Hastings asks.
"Yes father, of course I'm sure. I would have seen her if she were here and she's not." Candy plays the act of annoyed teenager well. 
I can't take time to consider exactly why Candy is letting me go. I calm my heart and then find myself melting through the floor again. This time I focus on my feet going first. I can feel my feet dangling from the ceiling in whatever room is below me. I allow myself to slowly drop through. I nearly lose my focus when Dr. Hastings flips back the blanket again and looks right at me! His eyes dart back and forth because, to my relief, I'm still invisible.
"I told you father!" Candy whines. 
Dr. Hastings reaches his arm under the bed and swipes it around. I push the rest of myself through to the room below just before his hand catches me. 
I hit the ground feet first but fall to my knees from the drop. I knock a metal tray off of a table at the same time and I cringe as it clashes to the floor with me. Looking around I realize I'm in one of the patient rooms of the nurses station. 
"What was that?" A nurse runs into the room and looks around. I'm still conveniently invisible. 
Another nurse comes in. "Is everything okay?" She asks.
"Yeah, this just fell? That's strange. Do you think someone was in here?" 
"No Silvia. Look around, where would they hide. You need to stop being so jumpy." The older nurse chides. 
"Sorry, it's scary though. I don't know what that girl did but I don't want to run into her." The nurse leans down and starts picking up the items that fell to the ground. 
I take that as my cue to exit. I walk as quietly as I can out of the nurse’s station. 
The most obvious question I have to ask myself is how the heck do I plan on getting out of here? I don't know the answer yet but one thing is for certain. I have to go back to save my friends.
I stealthily make my way through the halls trying my best to remain undetected. Luckily the halls seem pretty much deserted. The same female voice comes on the loud speaker every five minutes reminding people that there is a high risk red alert. She also continues to remind everyone that I'm a dangerous fugitive. Hearing my name repeated over and over again doesn't help my nerves. I keep going though. I figure if I can make my way to the area above the cave, I could drop through a couple of floors and be there in no time. I can't chance taking our usual route through the tunnels since they are likely to be heavily guarded. The only problem is that if I'm right, the cave is two floors below the commons area. I just hope that the place that is usually bustling with people is as deserted as these hallways. 
I look down and realize my hand is coming back into focus. I stop mid step and regain my composure. My hand becomes invisible again. I breathe a sigh of relief. I'm not sure how much longer I can keep this up. My body is trembling from using my powers this long. I find the will power to keep going. My friends need me.
A moment later I find myself turning the corner of a hallway that spills out into the commons area. I stop suddenly seeing all the people struggling to make their way into the auditorium. Seas of people take small steps towards the far entrance on the opposite end of the room. People are packed in tighter than a sardine can. Is this the protocol for a high risk, red alert? There is no way I can weave through all these people and still remain undetected. 
Think, Willow think... I have to find somewhere to hide before I materialize out of thin air in front of all of these people. I suddenly remember the very first time my father and I made our way into the mountain. There was a hallway that has since been closed off. I move along the wall as stealthily as possible making sure I don't bump into anyone. My hand accidently hits a lady's bottom. She turns around and slaps the man behind her. I hold my breath as I watch the two of them yell back and forth at each other. A small hole opens up in front of me as people meander over to where the argument is taking place. 
Soon I come to a spot in the wall that looks to have been recently sealed. There is a light grey substance, almost like grout, surrounding the outline of a door in the mountain wall. I look down making sure I am still invisible. I pray that I have enough strength to make it out alive. My knees are threatening to buckle from weakness of using my gift of invisibility. I place my hand up to the middle of the newly made wall. I slide it through and am pleased to find it is only as thick as the stone itself. I concentrate on pushing myself the rest of the way through. I feel someone ram into me from behind and I am thrown to the ground on the other side. The wind is knocked out of me and I just lay there for a few moments, in the dark corridor, catching my breath. I let my powers go allowing myself to get a break from using them. 
I hone in on my healing gift for a few moments and feel the shakiness reside. I don't think I'll ever get used to the idea that I can regenerate myself. Soon I feel back to normal. I focus on going invisible first. It's too dark in this corridor to know if it worked so I'm just going to have to hope for the best. 
I start allowing my body to melt through the floor. I move much faster than usual this time. I fall down into a small patch of leafy green stuff. Looking around I realize I landed in a row of spinach in the garden level of the shelter. Usually I hate spinach but I feel a little more affection for it now that it cushioned my landing. The sprinklers come on and they start soaking my scrubs. 
I move as fast as I can through the floor and only fall a few feet before I land with a thud on top of one of the storage containers. I throw my hands over my mouth worried that someone might have heard the fall. 
I wait a few minutes and when nobody comes running my way, I jump down. One more floor to go! I focus again and this time I try to move much slower through the floor. My biggest fear is I’ll land in the cave and go falling four stories to the ground. 
As I continue to move through the dense mountain matter, I get a panicked feeling inside. I try to focus on staying calm and eventually I feel my feet touch the ground. I have to drop to my knees because when I come out of the wall all together I'm in the small tunnel that we had to crawl to in order to get to the main cave. 
I can't believe I did it! I crawl in the direction of the outer cave quietly. When I reach the entrance I peer around and find that the cave seems to be empty. It's extremely dark inside so it's hard to tell for sure. I remain invisible just in case and stealthily move towards the entrance to the second cave. 
The rock debris left over from the explosion cover the mouth of the tunnel. My heartbeat starts picking up as I think of my friends on the other side. I have no idea how damaging the dynamite was. I don't know if they even survived and that thought sickens me. I clear my head and try not to focus on the worst possible outcome. Instead I imagine the most gorgeous pair of navy blue eyes waiting for me. I push my hand through the rock. I think of Alec the whole time I move through to the second cave. Our cave. 
I let go of the invisibility and when I step out on the other side my heart soars. The cave isn't completely collapsed in. I look back at the tunnel and see that only a few rocks lie there. The explosion must not have gone as deep as they thought it would. 
"Alec!" I call out excited to see him. The sun is still shining through the opening in the ceiling. Nobody answers me. I look around for my friends but I don't see them.
"Claire? Connor?" I call out unsure. My brain starts going through all of the possible scenarios. This cave is a good size but there isn't an area that they could hide in. I would be able to see them. Why aren't they here? I look back at the rubble. There's no way that all three of them were in the tunnel when it exploded. Right? 
I walk around looking for any sign of them. I must look around for at least an hour because the sun shifts in the sky. I walk back and forth along the water’s edge trying to think of what to do next. Maybe Connor found a way to get them out using his gift. If I could use my gift on Alec what would keep Connor from using his gift on other people. 
Something catches my eye. In the corner near the Western cave wall is a grouping of rocks. Why hadn't I noticed it before? I run over to them expecting to see some sort of message written out that tells me what happened to my friends. Instead I find a single arrow made out of small rocks. It points towards the wall. Why would it....They went outside! The epiphany strikes me and my heart soars. They are trying to let me know that they went outside! Excitement overwhelms me as I think of my friends making it out of here alive. I'm going to find them after all! 
I have no idea what lies on the other side of this mountain, if it's scalding hot temperatures or unlivable conditions. Not knowing makes me leery but it's not enough to keep me from reaching my friends.
I put my hand up to the wall and slowly start moving through it. The wall feels warm as I make my way through the rock and sediment. Sweat begins to accumulate on my brow. I'm not sure if the temperature is increasing, or if it's my anxiety that causes this stifling condition. Eventually I feel the heat prickling at my fingertips and I let the rest of my body follow.
CHAPTER 19: (1 Day on the Outside)

On the outside, the sun beats down relentlessly and I close my eyes against its blinding light. I haven't seen the light of day in...how long has it been? Weeks, months, years? The first thing I truly notice is the lack of heat. It's hot, don't get me wrong but it is definitely not unbearable. This isn't one hundred and seventy degrees like they predicted with the shields down. It feels more like ninety degrees. 
I cup my hands over my eyes and slowly allow them to adjust to the daylight by staring downwards. The bone-dry ground is cracked beneath my feet. The sight of it makes me suddenly thirsty. Soon, I'm able to make out some different bushes and wildflowers scattered about on the surface. 
My eyes adjust enough that I am able to finally look up and see at eye level...every hair stands at attention down my arms and legs. My scalp grows cold regardless of the pressing heat. About fifty yards in front of me lay a group of people, at least seventy to a hundred in number. They all wield different weapons: spears, knifes, swords...guns. I swallow hard noticing my throat has tightened up considerably. Their eyes press into mine. The light reflects off these strangers revealing their beady red irises. They stare at me and I at them. No one moves...no one breathes. 
In the matter of a split second a war cry calls out. All eyes turn toward the East, including mine as a second group of people descends upon the first. They drop down from the mountain scape above me. Each person holds a different weapon similar to the other group. Someone lands directly in front of me. I catch a glimpse of his eyes before he turns away. They startle me almost as much as the crimson eyes that were looking at me just moments before. Their color is the most vivid yellow I have ever seen. It has a look that is almost radioactive. 
A gunshot rings out and I fall to the ground, curling up into a ball. I try and filter out the sounds of the war around me, but the task is impossible. Clanking of metal on metal, gunshots and screams echo off the mountainsides. There's growling and gnashing of teeth as one man falls after another. 
Frightened doesn't even begin to describe how I'm feeling. I am utterly helpless as I remain curled up in my ball, with the sun beating down on my back. I feel as if I entered an alternate reality, a different world. I wish to escape but can't bring myself to move. 
A body falls to the ground next to me. I feel the person’s blood soak into my shirt and I look up in that moment to see yellow, pain filled eyes staring at me. They aren't just any eyes though. Gasping for breath I call her name before she passes out, "Mom!"

To Be Continued...

###
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

First thanks goes to our awesome God and His Son for all of his amazing blessings. A million hugs and kisses to our wonderful supportive family and friends whose love and encouragement make us who we are. A special thank you to all of our fans and book blog sites that have supported our books. You encourage us more than you could ever know. You are why we write! A big thanks to the most amazing book cover designing genius: Marya Heiman from Strong Image Editing. You rock our socks! A million thanks to Mandy Buchanan from LEO editing for making our book sparkle brighter than a vampire in the sun! A huge shout out to all of our fellow Indie authors! There is so much teamwork and support that goes on between fellow authors in the indie community and we are so grateful for it.
"Thank you to my amazing husband Adam, who listened to endless ranting about our new apocalyptic series and who gave me ingeniously creative ideas to implement in the series. A dozen thanks to my kiddos Trinity and Aiden, who put up with my 'cave' time and my endless hogging of the computer. I love y'all more than a trillion dark chocolate Godiva truffles! A paw shake goes out to my not so little puppy Neo for laying by my side on my late night writing sessions. Ps: Thank you Red Bull for my writing wings." ~Rebecca
"Thank you to my hubby Kevin who has supported my work even when I work through the night.  Thank you to my kids: Cameron, Chloe and Kaleb, who are the inspiration for many of the silly scenes in the book.  Thank you for your understanding when I have to write causing us to do our homeschool at night.  You three are the best!  Thank you to my two doggies who keep my feet warm while I write.  Wintertime just wouldn't be the same without you.  And a final thank you to my extended family...my mother and grandparents specifically.  You supported me from day one on this crazy adventure of mine.  You are ALWAYS there when I need you and for that I am truly grateful.  So, it's this book that I dedicate to you.  Thank you for bringing me all the happiness and joy in the world.  I love you both to pieces.  ~Courtney
ABOUT THE AUTHORS

Rebecca and Courtney are downhome country girls powered by chocolate and other random late night cravings.  Coined in southern twang they bring new meaning to the word y’all.  BFI’s since the 6th grade, with a knack for getting into sticky situations, has resulted in countless ideas to write about for years to come.
CONNECT WITH US

We would love to hear from you!  Please come visit us:
Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/eleseries
Twitter:
Courtney: http://www.twitter.com/nuckelsc
Rebecca: http://www.twitter.com/midnitebeckie
Webpage:
http://www.eleseries.com

Clean Teen Publishing
www.cleanteenpublishing.com

Our Commitment to Our Readers:
At Clean Teen Publishing, we believe that our readers deserve to know ahead of time what they are reading. We do not believe in censorship; we believe in the right to know. Every reader, no matter what their age is, has certain boundaries they don't want to cross. Currently there is no consistent rating system in place for books like there are for movies, music and video games. We believe by offering a wider range of disclosure about the content of our books, we will give readers of all ages and parents, a stronger sense of comfort according to what lies between the pages. 

For more information about our rating system and to find out more about our authors and our books, view our website at www.cleanteenpublishing.com. 


 
http://www.facebook.com/cleanteenpublishing

Twitter Handle: #CleanTeenPub

Blog: http://cleanteenpublishing.blogspot.com




Clean Teen Publishing is currently accepting young adult and new adult book submissions. For our submission guidelines, visit our website at: www.cleanteenpublishing.com.

Our Commitment to Our Authors:
At Clean Teen Publishing, we believe our authors, who create new and amazing literary worlds, deserve to receive a large share of the profits that their art creates. We also believe that our authors deserve the support of quality editing, breathtaking covers and the power of a strong marketing presence behind them. As authors ourselves, we know that your writing comes from your heart and, in a sense, is a part of you. We will carefully protect that part of you and work hard to keep your creative vision alive.





Available Now!
www.gabriellearrowsmith.com

Sydney Harter has long awaited September 12th, 2033—her eighteenth birthday. She can finally apply for guardianship of her sister, who is her only family and entire world. She hopes they will be lawfully reunited, but is prepared to defy authority and risk everything to escape the captivity of Miles County so that they can be together.
Escaping will be difficult and dangerous. Citizens are bound to their county by sophisticated chip implants that deliver shocks to those who dare to cross the electric barrier. Sydney is very clever, but her trickery is limited against the all-seeing eyes of technology. Even if they were to survive the escape, disappearing into the forgotten forests and towns of the past seems an impossible task.
What Sydney doesn't know is that she is the particular interest of two opposing forces. With deceit, fear, and warfare surrounding her—can she trust the party that aims to help with her fight against the other? Can she open her heart to receive and return unexpected love? When her sister’s life becomes jeopardized, Sydney will have to weigh a new love against the only enduring love she has known. The cost could be deadly…
How will she choose?


 

Available Now!
www.dblstar.com

When Cepheus, a dark god, forces seventeen-year-old Ally Ashworth off an isolated overlook, she has no idea she's falling into his world, or that the necklace she’s wearing is actually a key - one with the power to ignite the next world war. But she’s carried beyond his reach and into the one place where he’s powerless ... the forest of Gilgamesh.
Ally’s never been Miss Popularity, but her outsider status takes on new meaning when she’s rescued by Liam Cheveyo and his peculiar friends. After seeing them shape-shift into their freaky humanimal counterparts, Ally smacks hard into a few truths: magic really does exist and, although getting here took no effort, finding her way back might be impossible. Feelings between her and Liam begin to grow along with the realization that, in this world, she’s stronger, better ... until she’s caught in a trap set by the creepy spider-boy Cepheus sends to retrieve her. But Ally’s not going down without a fight, not after learning the horrible truth about the passageways. 
The survival of both worlds depends on it.




Available Now! 

THE EARTH GIVES WAY TO THE SEA,
THE SEA BOWS BEFORE THE WIND,
THE WIND FEEDS THE FLAME,
THE FLAME BURNS THE WORLD OF MAN DOWN TO THE EARTH.

The sleepy town of White Halls harbors a dangerous secret. On a picturesque street, two houses down from a lovely little park, in a quaint little home with a wraparound porch, lives a family that seems rather normal. Sure, their twenty year old son, Xander, still lives at home, but he's going to college and dating the leader of the schools top sorority. It's all very... normal.  However, when a man is miraculously saved from being hit by a bus, Xander's life turns in to the living embodiment of the tornadoes he can suddenly create with a flick of his wrist. Whether he wants this gift or not, Xander must learn to use his new 'super power' quickly if he wants to survive.  For his kind is a dying race, and when this sleepy town has a sudden influx of new, blonde, fire wielders, no one is safe, especially Xander. It doesn't help that one of these blondes happens to be the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. Xander can't deny the instant connection he feels to her so, when she tries to kill him, it certainly makes things complicated.

Follow Jon Messenger on Facebook




TEMPEST
Book 1 of the Destroyers Series

By 
Holly A. Hook

PUBLISHED BY: 
Holly A. Hook

SMASHWORDS EDITION

Tempest
Copyright 2010 Holly A. Hook

Cover design by Robin Ludwig Design Inc., http://www.gobookcoverdesign.com/. 

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

After These Messages (A Parody)

* * * * *

TEMPEST


* * * * *


Chapter One


This was almost certainly the end.
Janelle's breath caught in her throat.  Outside the bay window of their new home, mountains of black clouds lumbered through the sky.  The wind screamed, threatening to blast out the glass at any second or send a piece of debris shooting straight at them.  And all through it, her father stood and watched, hands folded behind his back.  
“Dad, get away from the window.  I'm begging you.  We’ve got to get out of here.  Didn't you hear what the cops were blasting when the drove through earlier?" 
Her father turned, and he was smiling of all things.  It was the opposite of what she felt, and it made zero amount of sense.  No one should be smiling in a situation like this, except for people with a death wish, and her father didn't strike her as the type.  “Isn’t this exciting?  I want you to see this.”
Rain beat against the house, adding to the roar that filled the world.  The roof creaked like it wanted to peel off and fly away.  Every single bush and tree in their yard bent over as if pointing them back to Michigan, to the sanity they'd left behind.  To her best friend, Leslie, who was no doubt thinking she'd come to a sunny paradise, gawking at shirtless guys at the beach instead of trying to huddle away from a full-blown hurricane.
Janelle bit her lip, hugging herself.  It was all a dream.  It had to be.  It was one of those nightmares where only she could see the danger, and her father wouldn't listen to her, like the one she'd had about him setting up camp above quicksand back in junior high.  She’d wake up soon in her real life, go to school, and attend her Math Whiz meeting at her normal school.  Any minute now she’d—
Snap.  A tree fell across the street with a sound like gunfire.
Her heart thudded as she moved behind the couch, closer to the glow of the television.  At least it could protect her a little if the window blew out.  “Please. I want to go to the shelter.”  It was getting harder and harder to keep her cool.  And her sanity, for that matter.  How was any normal person supposed to endure this?
Footsteps approached.  Eyes shining, her dad spoke in an even voice, the one he reserved for work conversations on the phone and lectures about working hard in school.  “We’re completely safe, Janelle.  I’ve been through this before.  Just enjoy it.  You’d never have this experience back up north.  This is nature’s most powerful storm.”
Behind him, a piece of sheet metal cut through the rain and somersaulted its way down the street.  Did he really expect her to enjoy this?  Sure, he'd grown up in Florida, but that should only make him understand how dangerous this whole situation was.  Their new neighbors seemed to.  The rest of the houses on the street were vacated, lights off and driveways empty.
“Exactly.  Dad, why won't you explain this to me?  If you've been through this before, you should know what can happen.”  Something was way, way wrong here.  Her dad was always Mr. Careful.  He'd even made her wear knee pads when she rode her bike up until middle school.
She fell silent, waiting for his response.  Her father ground his shoe into the floor, watching it with great interest as if he'd been caught doing something illegal.  The storm continued to roar outside, sending a fresh wave of creaks across the roof.  There was one last option.  Sucking in a breath, she dodged through a canyon of moving boxes to the TV, fighting down panic.  “Look.  We’re running out of time.”
A weatherman pointed to a green and yellow radar mess behind him, rambling on about storm surges and wind speeds.  The eye of Hurricane Gary twisted closer to shore, and their new home, Palm Grove, stood right in its path. 
“See?” A dry lump formed in her throat as Hurricane Gary vanished and an angry red border appeared on the coast.  Something about where the surge would be at its worst, and Palm Grove was right in the middle of it.  Every horrible image of storm damage and flooding she'd seen on TV flashed through her head.  Water rising inside buildings.  Roofs flying off houses.  “What if this ends up like Hurricane Andrina where like, nine hundred people drowned?  We could die if we stay here!” 
Click.  Her dad had turned off the TV.  “Honey, you need to control your emotions.  Don't let them scare you.  They’ll only tell you the bad stuff on TV.  Hurricanes are actually really cool.  They play an important role in—”
“I don’t want to hear it.”  Someone must have slipped something into her dad's coffee this morning.  Janelle ran into the kitchen and swept an avalanche of papers off the table in search of the car keys.  It wasn't time for a science lesson.  She could read up about hurricanes later if she wanted.  If she had to drive to the shelter with her learner’s permit, so be it.  “Where’re the keys?”
“I’ve got them.”  Her dad fiddled with his shirt sleeve, not looking at her.  In fact, he wasn't even looking at the storm outside anymore.  
A car alarm went off somewhere across the street.  So much for the tantrum.  So much for the TV.  Janelle sucked in a breath and kept her voice level, holding down the scream rising inside her.  “Please.  Why are you acting so weird?”
Her father’s gaze slowly dropped to the floor.  He sunk to the couch like an old man, patting the cushion next to him.  “O…okay.  Come sit down, Janelle.  We’re not in danger, and I’ll tell you why.”
A loud rap on the door made her jump back against the fridge.  Now what—had a branch hit it?  Or a tree?  But the banging came again, louder than before. “Open up! Police!”
“Thank god,” Janelle said, running for the door.  Someone with some sanity was going to get them out of here. 
She tripped over a box and sent her collection of stuffed sea animals sprawling across the floor.  The sea star she'd had since she was eight.  The beanie crab.  The killer whale Leslie had won out of the claw machine for her on her sixteenth birthday.  The sight of it sent a brief pang through her gut--they might not see any of this again--but she forced her way past with her dad on her heels, yanking open the door.
 The storm blasted in, tossing the papers off the table and swirling them in the air.  A man in a dripping yellow rain slicker stood on the porch, bracing himself against the wind, and a black police car had parked next to her father’s truck.  It looked like a chariot sent from the heavens.
“What are you still doing here?” he asked her father, eyes dark and narrow.  “You’re under a mandatory order to evacuate.  This could all flood when the surge comes in.  We can’t come out and help you once it gets too bad.  There’s a shelter five miles inland at the high school.  You need to follow me there.”
“I’m in.  Thanks,” Janelle said.
“We’re fine, sir—” her dad started.
Janelle reached out and took his arm.  Now wasn't the time to let him be in charge.  “No, we’re not.”  
“Mister,” the cop spoke with the voice that could have stopped a rhinoceros in its tracks.  At the same time, his pupils opened with the same confusion she felt.  “Do you care about your daughter’s safety?  We’re taking her whether or not you decide to come.”
Her father bit his lip, staring at the wall beside the door for a second.  “All right.  Let’s go.”
The officer waved them out into the curtains of rain.  Janelle let the relief flood through her limbs, until her father urged her out into it.  Immediately, a stray gust nearly knocked her skinny legs out from under her.  
Her dad’s truck blinked its headlights as he jabbed the remote to unlock it.  “Now!” he said.
Freedom.  Safety.  She'd live to make friends at this new school after all, and maybe even invite Leslie down when spring break came along.  Head down against the stinging rain, she charged for the silver truck.  Wind whipped her hair into her face and mouth as if trying to push her back into that nightmare.  There was no way she was going to let it.  
Her dad yanked the door open, staring hard at her through the watery beads on his glasses.  “In!”
It was the first thing he'd said today she agreed with.  Janelle seized the door and pulled herself into the truck.  Dripping, she spat out strands of blond hair.  
A blur in the rain, her father struggled against the wind as he made his way to the driver’s side door.  He climbed in, bringing half a lake with him.  Maybe now he’d realize what a bad idea staying home would have been. 
“You okay?” Janelle asked, fighting back a sarcastic comment and soaking the cool rain off her arms with her shirt.  But getting drenched running to the truck beat the alternative.
He wiped off his glasses and put the key in the ignition.  “Of course.  Just got a little wet.”
You could’ve gotten killed, she wanted to say.  But she bit in the comment.  They were getting out of here.  That was all that was important.  She didn't even care what happened to the house she'd spent only one night in.  Tomorrow, her dad would apologize for acting so strange today.  
The police car backed out of the driveway.  Her father revved the truck up as a palm frond flew off a thrashing tree and plastered itself to the windshield.  Streetlights blinked out, casting the street in an even more darkness.  They’d finally lost power.
Janelle let out a slow breath.  “We should’ve left hours ago.” 
The police car led the way past a row of houses and the fallen tree.  The truck swayed against the wind as it followed.  A metal piece of something blew across the street ahead.  Meanwhile, her father tapped the steering wheel with one hand, driving as if they were still on the road trip down here.  
Maybe he was just too fatigued from the move to think straight.  There had to be an explanation for this.  
She swallowed, studying the streams of rain marching across her window and the slogans on plywood-covered windows.  Get lost, Gary.  Gary was here.  Get out of town, Gary.  She couldn’t agree with them more.
The rain managed to beat down harder, until Janelle could only make out red and blue lights ahead.  Her father braked twice to avoid trash cans in the street, clicking his tongue in annoyance the second time.
Janelle glanced at him, but not so much as one stress wrinkle had appeared at the corner of his mouth.  “How can you not be scared right now?”
His gaze flickered down to her bare arm. “You shouldn’t have worn a tank top.  Here.  Cover up your birthmark.”  He reached over and took their cheap first aid kit out of the glove compartment.  “People might think you’ve got a rotten sense of humor if you don’t.”
“We’re driving in a hurricane, and you’re worried about this?”  Janelle held up her arm to show her birthmark, realizing he was dodging her question.  The two-inch-wide spiral had been there since the day she was born.  Her father had always told her it was special for some reason.  To her, it looked weird and gave people something to stare at.  And now the sight of it sent a little shudder over her skin.  It didn’t look that different from the hurricane diagrams she’d seen on TV earlier, and it even had a dark spot in the middle that someone could mistake for an eye.  Okay.  Maybe he did have a point.  She dug through the kit for the biggest bandage she could find and slapped it over the mark as if it were a badge of shame.  Yeah, this’ll go over great in Florida.
“The school should be coming up.”  He turned down a side street.  “I’m sure they’re still using the same building since I went there.” 
“Good,” she breathed.  It was hard to believe she'd be attending her father's old school in only days.  She still couldn't understand why he'd moved her here, other than nostalgia and that new job offer.  His parents had died a long time ago and he was an only child, and none of his old friends had even spoken to him much since he'd moved up to Michigan to marry her mother.  Did he just want her to believe all the stories he'd told her about his most annoying English teachers and the secret door in the storage room where everybody snuck back through to smoke?  Somehow, she didn't think so.
A curtain of rain moved aside, leaving the road ahead clear for a second.  One of the telephone poles ahead of them listed slowly towards the pavement.
A fist of panic squeezed Janelle's insides.  The pole didn't look stable.  Like it might--
The cruiser passed it safely, but her father started to hum as he drove after it and closer to the descending pole.  He hadn’t noticed it. 
Janelle grabbed the sides of her seat.  “Um…”  It was all she could manage.
With a great roar of wind, the pole lurched down, wires whipping overhead like hungry snakes.  Her father slammed the brakes, but the truck screeched and went into a skid.
“Dad!” Janelle broke her paralysis and raised her hands as the pole descended.  It was all over.  Done.  She'd never see any sunny beaches or watch any lifeguards after all.  She squeezed her eyes shut, bracing for the impact.
It never came.
She lowered her hands, unable to believe the sight only feet away.  "What the--"
The telephone pole had stopped falling feet above them and now trembled against a burst of wind…a burst going in the opposite direction as it had before. 
There was no holding back her panic now.  “Go!”  Janelle slapped the dashboard so hard her palms stung, barely noticing her father sitting there, staring and muttering something under his breath.
With the squealing of tires, the truck lurched forward.  Janelle twisted around in time to see the pole fall to the street as if released by a tired giant, dragging its wires with it.  Sparks shot up from the ground and died.
“That was way too close.” She folded her arms to keep them from shuddering, but it wasn't doing any good.  “Yeah, we’re completely safe.”
Her father turned up the air conditioning and smiled, of all things.  “Please, take a deep breath and calm down.  We’ll be fine.  I know these storms.”
“Know these storms?  What’s wrong with you, Dad?  This isn’t making any sense.” 
He said nothing to this.
Janelle leaned against the window to get as far as she could from him, trying to hide the flare of anger shooting up inside her.  This demanded answers, but she swallowed her words, eyeing the road ahead.  It would have to wait until later, when she calmed down.  She just wanted to get inside that shelter, now.
The cruiser led them down a third street, one free of telephone poles.  A yellow sign emerged from the rain.  Palm Grove High School.  They’d made it. 
Another soaking later, Janelle burst through the double doors and into a hallway lined with families on blankets who remained silent as she came through.  A string of emergency lamps lined one wall, casting an eerie light on all the huddled families around them.  Her father pulled her to his side as they walked down a crowded hall and around blankets.  She thought about ducking out of his grasp and getting away from him.  Like other side of the school away.  After his display, all she wanted was time alone to think.
“You can sit over here.” An old man in a brimmed garden hat rolled a blanket across the floor as they approached.  “But maybe you should dry off first.” 
Janelle shook off her dad’s arm, taking a towel the old man was holding out.  It hung down to her feet as she dried off.  Shooting the man the most grateful look she could, she took a seat on the blanket and leaned against the wall.  She’d never dreamt her first week in Florida would be anything near this lousy.

* * * * *

An hour passed and the howling outside only got louder, gusts making the sides of the school whistle and groan.  Children started to shift on their blankets while their parents held them close.  One little boy asked for some cheese puffs and kicked the blanket when his mother said she’d left them out in the van. 
And meanwhile, her father remained silent, staring at the wall opposite him.  Whatever he'd wanted to tell her back at the house, it was gone now, and it wasn't the time to ask him and start an argument around all these people.
Janelle plucked her silver dolphin necklace from under her tank top, rolling it in her fingers as she focused on its tiny smile.  It had belonged to her mother, before a patch of black ice and a tree had taken her life in a car accident when Janelle was two.  She closed her eyes, holding onto one of the only memories she had of her, the one of her mother leading her around the yard, letting her pick up the Easter eggs hidden in the grass.  For a moment, it drove out the wind and rain beating on the roof.
The dolphin’s fins poked into her fingers after a while, so she let the necklace fall against her chest.  The memory blew away in a fresh gust against the building, one strong enough to make something hit the doors outside.  Their new house might not look good when they went back, especially since her father hadn't taken a step to board up any windows or even put tape across them, like they were supposed to do.  Water might even be rising around it as she was sitting here, like with Hurricane Andrina six years ago. The pictures on the news of roofs peeking up from floodwater and bodies under sheets had plagued her nightmares when she was ten.  But Andrina had been a Category Five, and this storm was a Two.  It wasn’t the same, right?  The sinking feeling in her stomach didn’t agree.
“So, just moved to Florida?  I saw you taking stuff out of a moving truck yesterday.”
Flinching, she faced the old man who’d lent her the towel, feeling bad for forgetting to thank him.  “Yeah.”  Then she added, loud enough for her father to hear, “We could have hung out at a motel for a couple more days, though.”
“Yes.  Now wasn’t the best time to move in.”  The man removed his hat and addressed her father.  “So, what brings you here?”
“No jobs up in Michigan,” he said.  “I grew up here in Palm Grove, but when she was a baby—” he pointed to Janelle—“my wife wanted to move north to help her parents.  But I got a job offer down here last month.”
“Where at?” the old man asked.
“I’m starting at an insurance place next month. They need a programmer.” 
“Sounds like a good job.  Say, I never caught your name.”
“Lucas Duvall.  This is my daughter, Janelle.”  Her father shook hands with the old man.
“Name’s Ed.  I think I live across from you.”
The wind outside stopped as if choked off.  The battering rain on the roof ebbed away.  Heads perked up and the drips from the ceiling came down with a little less intensity than before.  Janelle expected another gust to hit the building, but it never came.  The storm couldn’t be done already.
“It sounds like it's over.”  The kid who'd asked for the cheese puffs stood and peered at the doors. 
Janelle let her shoulders slump.  It seemed like he was right.  A sliver of pale sunlight hit the brick wall near a trophy case, only to disappear a second later. Cheese Puff Boy looked and down the hall for his mom, who’d walked past Janelle to the bathroom a minute before.
The weather radio droned away, and she wanted to kick herself for not remembering such a basic fact.
It seemed to get louder and louder in her ears, making the tension seize her neck and raise her shoulders again.  “Gary has made landfall in the Palm Grove area and has weakened to a Category One storm with estimated winds of up to eighty miles per hour.  It is expected to be downgraded to a tropical storm very soon.  As of now, it is headed west at ten miles per hour.”
Murmurs flowed up and down the crowded hall, but the kid didn't seem to notice.  He was too hungry, too oblivious.  Bunching up his blanket, he started for the door.
“Um…” Ed raised a finger.
Janelle’s stomach lurched.  This wasn’t good, but she was closest to the door.  This was all hers.  “No!”  She shot up and bolted for the doors as the kid disappeared through them, out into the deceptive calm.  “It’s not over.  It’s the e—”
"Janelle, let me go," her father demanded, his words night to the day he'd been speaking in on the way here. 
She ignored him, jumping over one of the lamps with an arm outstretched and ramming her body into the door as it closed.  The door flew open so fast that it banged against the wall of the school.  The sound drowned out the footfalls of her father and from the sounds of it, half of the hallway coming after her.
The air outside was damp, still.  Thin clouds stretched and floated overhead.  Ponds had replaced parking spaces, and leaves stuck to the windshields of every vehicle.  Somewhere down the street, a power line hung low over the pavement.  
"Kid!" she yelled, scanning the lot.  Babysitting wouldn't be a career choice for her.  At least, not for kids like this.
There he was.  Hands on the door of the nearest van, tugging in frustration.  He stared at her, but didn't move.  The clouds continued to roll overhead.  They might only have a few minutes before the other side of the storm hit.  There was no time for diplomacy.
"Janelle--" her father started behind her, all no-arguments.  
He hadn't listened to her earlier.  Why should she listen to him now?  “Come back in.  Now.”  Janelle lunged forward and took the kid's wrist.  “I'm telling your mother what you did."
She prepared for protests.  Screaming.  Arguing.
Not this.
“Ow!”  The boy thrashed, his voice a genuine scream of pain.  He thrashed against her grip as it rang in her ears.  “You’re hurting my arm!  Let go!”
Janelle watched her hand as it came open, freeing the kid's wrist.  It looked unhurt.  Unbroken.  How could she have hurt him?  She hadn't even held onto him that hard.
The boy rubbed his arm, staring up at her with wet eyes.  They widened at her as if she was some sort of freak.  Janelle could feel the sweat forming around her brow line in his gaze.  Had she really hurt him?  It was impossible.
“You okay?”
The kid ran through the small crowd of people around the doors and vanished into the school, leaving a sick feeling that slowly bloomed inside of her.   
A lone raindrop hit her on the forehead.  
“Let’s get back in.”  Her father emerged from the bodies around her, gray eyes wide with concern.  “Be a bit more careful with your strength next time.”
“What strength?”  Janelle held up her bony arms, trying to shake off the unease inside her, hoping that her dad couldn't see the worry ready to burst out of her in the form of tears.  Nothing like that had happened before, and nothing else made sense.  
She turned to go back inside, but sudden movement in the middle of the parking lot caught her eye.
A vortex of mist and water spun between an SUV and her father’s silver truck, shimmering in the pale light and not making a sound.
Janelle leapt back as her heart stopped.  A tornado.  That’s what it was.  She’d read that hurricanes could spawn them. But this one was eight feet high and the sky was still a calm gray.  It was all so…
Weird.
“By golly. What is that?”  Ed appeared at her side and stood with his mouth dropping open.
“Dad?”  She backed right into him.
“Janelle, inside.  Now.”  Her father pulled on her shoulder.  The dictator was back.  “I said go!” 
She couldn’t move or look away.  Her mind raced around, searching for an explanation.  The vortex tightened and spun faster, spraying droplets on the surrounding cars like a sprinkler in July.  Maybe a water main had blown loose or something.  Or the winds had come together just right over a puddle and--
The vortex exploded, sending water to the ground in all directions. Gasps shot up from the crowd.  An army of droplets flew right at her, splattering over her skin and re-soaking her clothes.  She blinked them away to look for the cause.
A teenage boy of fifteen or sixteen stood right where the vortex had spun a moment before.
She blinked, trying to make sure she was seeing this right.  If Janelle was soaked, this guy was drowned.  Stringy black hair stuck to the back of his scalp and his purple T-shirt clung to his skin as he wobbled in place like a newborn calf.  He raised a dripping arm, reaching for something to hold onto.  His palm flopped down on the windshield of the truck, but to no avail.  He let out a sound like a dying horse, tumbling to the pavement with a thud.
“Oh, my god,” a woman cried out from the doorway.
Janelle looked back at the people gathered behind her.  Nobody moved.  Ed stared with huge eyes while her father swallowed.  It was just like that story she'd heard about in school, about people just standing around waiting for someone else to go help the person getting murdered in a parking lot.  What was it called?  The bystander effect.  
“What are you waiting for?  Someone else to help him?”  Janelle rushed towards the body on the ground.  She’d try to figure out what she’d seen later.  Now they needed to get this kid inside before the other side of the hurricane hit.
Janelle squatted down in a puddle of water and seized his limp left arm, curling her fingers into his wrist.  A strong, steady pulse beat underneath his skin.  This guy was just unconscious.  Thank God.  She let out a huge sigh of relief.
“He’s alive.  Help me get him up.”  Janelle made to hook her hand under his armpit while a reedy man kneeled down to get his other arm.
The drenched guy coughed; his purple sleeve crept up as she helped tug him to his feet.  Janelle froze in place and stared at the arm just inches from her face.  No, it couldn’t be.  But it was. 
He had a familiar grayish birthmark just below his shoulder.  A birthmark in the shape of a spiral.

Chapter Two


Onlookers’ bodies brushed against Janelle as she hooked her arm under one of Vortex Guy’s, holding her breath against someone’s perfume.  She and the reedy man pulled him across the lot and into the building, but his feet dragged against the pavement and slowed them down.  It was like dragging a limp puppet along.  A big, heavy puppet.
Janelle’s gaze went down to his left arm again, to the gray spiral.  There was no mistaking it.  It looked exactly like hers, all the way down to the dark spot in the middle.  She felt suddenly glad that she still had the bandage covering hers, and she wasn't sure why.
Her dad waved the suffocating crowd towards the walls.  He swallowed with nerves, something he should have been doing earlier today.  “Back up.  Give the poor kid some room.”  
The rest was a blur as she helped the man pull the boy through the doors.  Bodies and lamps retracted with scraping sounds as a bare circle formed on the floor.  Silence fell through the crowd except for someone’s heavy breathing. 
Now she needed something to put him on.  A blanket.  But why was everyone just standing and gawking?  Oh yeah, she remembered.  The bystander effect.  It seemed Janelle was the only one not under its spell.
 “I’ll get a blanket down for him.  Here.”  She motioned to her father as he took the guy’s arm.  Janelle spread the nearest blanket out on the cool tile.
Her dad swallowed again and pulled the boy’s purple sleeve down over the gray spiral, but he said nothing.  The newcomer coughed, lurching for the blanket like a fish trying to flop back into water.  Vortex Guy fell onto his stomach with a thud.
He was dying.  Janelle’s heart thumped.  First aid.  He needed first aid.  That class she’d taken last summer...drowning…vomiting…choking…what to use?  He was breathing, so no Heimlich maneuver.  She gripped him on the shoulder, pulling it off the blanket.  “Roll him onto his side, so if he coughs up anything—”
“What’s wrong with him?” a plump woman cut in.  “Where the hell did he come from?”
Her dad lifted a finger to his lips and addressed the thick crowd around him.  “Quiet.  He’ll be fine after he rests a while.” 
Janelle couldn’t stop what came out next.  “You don’t know that.  You don’t know anything today.”  She studied the nervous, clueless faces above her, not even caring that she'd finally talked back to her father and was sure to get grounded later.  “There any doctors here?”
Others echoed her question up and down the hall.  A chubby woman made her way through the wall of onlookers.  “I’m a nurse.  Let me see.”  She took Janelle’s place and took Vortex Guy’s pulse.  Her face relaxed, and Janelle could sense shoulders slumping and breath being released all around her.  
A stiff breeze blew down the hall, ruffling Janelle’s hair.  The guy opened his eyes, which darted back and forth like a terrified animal’s.  “I…I…”  He squeezed them shut, curling into a fetal position.
Phew.  So he wasn’t dying.  Janelle opened her mouth to soothe him or at least ask a dumb question, but no words came out.  What did you say to someone who’d just appeared out of an eight-foot-tall waterspout?  Hi.  How’s Oz?  Leslie was going to get a kick out of this story later.
“Close the door,” a woman called from down the hall.  
A squeak followed as someone pulled the double doors shut.  Rain beat against the building, but the wind seemed to have lost its punch.  The storm was dying, as if this boy's appearance had sucked the life right out of it.  At least one thing was going right.
Static cut over the man on the radio.  “Gary has now been downgraded to a tropical storm, with maximum wind speeds of seventy miles per hour.  It may be downgraded yet again to tropical depression status within a few hours.  Now we are beginning to receive damage reports…”
Vortex Guy winced as if the nurse had given him a shot.  “Turn…that off.  Please.”
Janelle turned the radio off as she leaned in for another glimpse of the gray spiral.  But her dad had pulled down his sleeve enough to hide it, and his shoes appeared next to her, a silent warning against trying to look again.  A salty aroma hit her nostrils, sending a strange tingle through her body.  Had this guy just crawled out of the ocean or something?  But that didn’t make sense since it was miles away.  
“What were you doing out there?” Janelle asked, but still he didn't open his eyes.  His head fell to the side, revealing a cute mole on the side of his nose.  
“Leave him alone, Janelle.”  Her father tugged her away, taking her place at his side.  He lowered his voice to a barely audible level as he spoke to Vortex Guy.  “I know it tires you out.  Rest a while.”
Janelle shook her head.  She must not have heard him right.  Her father must have said, you must be tired out or something along those lines.  Before Janelle could ask him, Ed appeared at his side.  “I’ve called the ambulance,” he said.  “They’ll come out as soon as things calm down.”
A giggle rose up in her throat, and she wasn't sure why.  The stress of the day was starting to get to her.  She held back a joke about having them take her dad to the mental hospital while they were at it.  Or her.  
Her dad straightened up, speaking with the same authority as the man on the radio.  “The storm’s done and it’s falling apart.  They should get here not too long from now.”
An occasional gust made the windows whistle, but they were weaker, mere strong breezes instead of roars.  Good.  The whole storm had given up its will to live, and she wasn’t going to argue with it.  
Sirens approached and cut off.  A moment later, the ambulance backed towards the double doors, lights flashing.  The crowd pressed themselves to the walls as the paramedics wheeled in the stretcher to take away Vortex Guy and his marking that was just like hers.

* * * * *

Janelle rolled down the truck window, gaping at the damage as the muggy air crept over her face.  Her stomach grew upset at the sight of it.  This was so much different than seeing it on TV.  On television, at least, there was some distance that made it unreal somehow.  Now, that protective wall had come down.
Much of Palm Grove looked like a bomb had exploded right above it.  The destruction wasn't as bad as Andrina's, nowhere near, but it was still enough to make a lump form in her throat.
A branch had shattered the windshield of a car—a shiny red convertible’s, of course—and a tree had caved in the roof of a pink house.  The truck crunched small branches and shingles under its tires as her father drove them past, silent.  All the enthusiasm he'd had earlier that day had disappeared now.  
Janelle rubbed her temples, training her gaze on her lap to give her emotions a break from the beating they'd taken all day.  “I don’t even want to know what our house is going to look like.  I’m just going to love Florida.”
“You’ll never have to look at a snowflake again,” her father said, squinting against a peek of sun.  He took a detour as an emergency worker waved him down a side street.  A telephone pole leaned over the road behind them.  
She winced, remembering the strange near miss from earlier.  For a second, it seemed like it must be that same telephone pole, but it was impossible to tell.  So many of them had come down.
“Yeah.  This is so much better than snow.  And that’s the third detour we’ve had to take,” Janelle said, clutching her dolphin necklace.  Sarcasm was the best she could do right now.  A monster headache was coming on, like it always did whenever she got too stressed.  Probably something she'd inherited from her mother, since her dad was lucky enough never to get them.
“We’ll get home in just a few minutes.”  Her father tapped the steering wheel in some kind of rhythm, daring only quick glances at the houses around them and their missing shingles.  Still, he didn't open up about why he thought they hadn’t been in danger earlier.  He was seeing now.  They had been in jeopardy, and his silence was his way of admitting it without admitting it.  
“What do you think was wrong with that guy?” Janelle asked, a little more satisfied with him now.  Though no apology by any means, this was better than the insanity he'd fed her that morning.  She almost added, and why did he materialize out of a vortex of mist and water?  But what would her father know about that?  About as much as everyone else at the shelter, she decided.  There was one thing, though, that she could talk to him about.  “He had a birthmark like mine.  Didn't you see it?"
Her father stared hard at a house with sheet metal wrapped around one of its corners.  “He had a birthmark, too?  That’s odd.”
“But you saw it, Dad.  You even pulled his sleeve down over it.  Come on.  I know there was a lot going on today, but you can't deny that one."
“I don’t remember any such thing.”  He gripped the steering wheel with both hands, licked his lips, and looked straight ahead.  “It was a stressful day and all, you know?”
The pounding between Janelle’s ears grew worse.  She didn’t have the energy to argue with him right now, or to even think about this.  Once she laid down for a while and got this to calm down, she'd have plenty of time to do that. 
They made another turn, and a bent sign labeled Missoula Street stuck out of a fallen branch as if greeting them.  This was their street—and it didn’t look any better than the others they’d passed so far.  Fallen trees grabbed for the road with leafy fingers and the pieces of an orange gas station sign had wedged up against a car.  People stood in tight groups and surveyed the damage.  A pair of women hugged and comforted each other in front of a house with half its roof missing.  The sobs from one floated over the sound of the truck’s motor as they passed.  
Janelle twisted her hair around her fingers and swallowed a bad taste in her mouth.  Their house was next, and there was nothing she could say to delay the inevitable.  "Dad, I can't look at this anymore."
His lips twitched, but he said nothing as they rolled the rest of the way down the street.  At last, just as the tension had built up to the point where she couldn't hold back her nerves anymore, he spoke.  “Well, would you look at that,” her dad said, pulling into their driveway.  “We came out pretty good in all of this.”
His voice gave her the strength to look.  Words escaped her.  "What?"  
Their roof hadn’t lost any shingles.  Not one.  None of the front windows had cracked even though her dad hadn’t lifted a finger to board them up.  Every tree remained upright in their yard, a stark contrast to the one leaning on the neighbor's house next door.  All they’d gotten was a couple of little branches in their lawn. 
Sunlight reflected off her father’s glasses—and right into her eyes—as he twisted in his seat to face her.  “What are you complaining about?”
“I’m not complaining.  It’s just that—” She gestured to the whole neighborhood around them.  Everyone else had taken some sort of damage.  Everyone.  Poor Ed stood across the street, staring at the tree in his yard.  It was as if, in the middle of the storm, someone had lowered a gigantic shield or force field over the house.  That was impossible, but what were the chances that every piece of debris in the neighborhood would avoid their yard, and that their skinny tree out front would survive the winds next to the huge one that had fallen across the street?  “We should've gotten something out of all this.  The math just doesn't add up."
“Maybe you ought to go lie down.”  Her father opened the door and stepped down to the pavement.  “You look tired.  I’ll go see if we can do anything for anybody, so don’t be shocked if you wake up and find me gone.”
That sounded like a great idea.  The pounding in her temples threatened to go over the line to migraine status any minute.  “I’d help, but I feel like a gremlin’s beating at my head with a hammer.”
Her father unlocked the front door and gave her a pat on the back as she went in and breathed in the thick, hot air.  The smell of fresh paint and cardboard filled the house, released by the heat.  The power was still out, and a fresh lightning bolt of pain shot through her temple.  Weaving around boxes, she made her way to her new room, closed the blinds to shut out the stabbing light, and collapsed.  
Through the pain in her head and behind her eyes, the day danced in front of her.  
Roaring wind.  Snapping trees and power lines.  Her father, repeating we're completely safe, Janelle, over and over until it made her want to throw up.  
The boy, with his marking that matched hers exactly.  
But she had no energy left to process it anymore.  After an hour in a haze, Janelle drifted off to a swirling maelstrom of darkness, chaos, and pain.

* * * * * 

The shrill ringing of her phone jarred her back to reality some time later.  Janelle shot up and rubbed her head, but the pounding had stopped, left behind somewhere in her nightmares.  She searched the dark room for her phone.  A green square glowed on her bedside table.  There.  Stifling back a yawn, she scooped it up and raised it to her ear.  “Hello?”  It had to be Leslie.  Her friend would always rather talk than text.
“So, you survived?  You’re okay?  I’ve been worrying since you told me your dad was moving you in yesterday.”
“Uh?”  Janelle blinked a few times and recognized the voice.  “Oh, hi Leslie.”  She paused, trying to get her bearings.  "Worried?  You and me both.”  Should she tell her friend about her father’s weirdness and the water vortex?  The whole day felt ready to burst out of her.  
“I was so worried about you.  I miss you already.  Class is going to suck this year without you around to help me with Trig.  Oh, well.  I’ll just have to ask Todd.  So, tell me all about it.”
It was the invitation she needed to start talking.  She left out the water vortex--she wasn't sure why, but it made her stomach lurch in warning when she started to tell Leslie about it--but included everything else.  There was no sense in making her friend think that all her Honors classes had finally melted her brain, like she always used to say at her old school.  
Fortunately, Leslie didn't dwell too much on her weird story.  After a flurry of that's so weird and that's not like your dad at all, she said, “You should go visit that guy if you can find out what hospital he’s in.  Make sure he’s okay.  It might help you figure out why he was out in the storm, at least.  Just be careful, though.”
“Careful?"
"Well, what are the chances of him randomly having that mark on his arm just like yours?  Maybe he's a distant relative of yours, and that gray spiral is some kind of genetic thing.  That is the area your dad's originally from.  So until you know, don't go asking him for dates or anything."
She hadn't thought of that.  "You can find explanations for everything, Leslie."  Well, except for her dad's behavior and the fact that her house was unscathed.  Even she hadn't had any logical ideas for those.  "You know--that makes me feel better.  Thanks.  And that's a great idea.  Going to the hospital, I mean.  I'll ask my dad where the closest one is and see if he can take me there."
"Guilt trip him.  After the day he put you through, he won't be able to say no." 
Thirty minutes later, Janelle managed to get off the phone with Leslie.  She rushed out into the living room, where she found her dad sitting on the couch and staring down into a glass of cranberry juice like it was a crystal ball ready to show him the future.  A pair of emergency candles burned on either side of the table and cast a flicker on the walls.  Somewhere, a drill sounded off down the street.
He glanced up at her and swallowed, shadows dancing across his face.  “I’m sorry about scaring you earlier.  I don't know what I was thinking."
This was the opportunity Leslie had told her about, and it was almost guaranteed to work.  As soon as they were settled in, she'd invite her down here for a week and hit the beach.  “Apology accepted.  Where’s the nearest hospital?”
His eyebrows lifted.  “You want to see that boy.”  Would he go for it?  If her dad really did remember tugging his sleeve down over his mark, it might go from an unofficial yes to a no in an instant.  
Heat crept up her cheeks.  Good thing for the power outage.  “I just want to see if he’s all right.”  And if our birthmarks are somehow connected, she thought.  “I helped drag him out of the storm.  How do we know he’s not lying there in critical condition?”
Her father put his chin in his hand and studied the floor.  “He was looking better before the ambulance even came to get him.  I'm sure he needs his rest, so it might not be a good idea.”
“Come on, Dad.  I don't know anyone here.  If he goes to my school, it would be a good way to start making friends.  It won't be easy starting in a new place without some connections." 
He sighed, deep in thought, as she plotted ways to get to the hospital without him knowing.  “Okay," he said at last, as reluctant as he'd been letting her go to the movies with Leslie by herself for the first time two years ago.  "He’s probably at Laverne Medical Center.  That’s ten miles north of here.  I’ll take you there tomorrow.  It’ll be good for you to meet others, and it’ll give you a chance to see the area.  Did you catch his name?”
Good.  Results.  She'd have to call Leslie tomorrow and tell her the guilt trip idea was a hit.  “No.  Um…how are we going to find his room?  Hospitals are huge.  We can't just go around peeking in everyone's rooms for him.”
“Oh, I’ll find a way.”  Smiling, he pointed down the hall.  “Why don’t you go get some unpacking done if you’re feeling better?  It’ll make less to do tomorrow.”
Flashlight in tow, she unpacked her large collection of books and did battle with the wires of her computer, glad for the mindless work that took away the day behind her.  Her pictures came out of another box: one of her and her father working at a soup kitchen last winter, another of her and Leslie at the amusement park.  The one of her mother came out last.  The curly-haired woman smiled at her from in front of Lake Huron, holding up a huge fish.  It was one of the only pictures of her they owned.  That one had to go on her night table.  
The bandage started to itch again as she went through a box of yearbooks.  She’d forgotten about it until now.  Wincing, Janelle peeled it off to reveal her own birthmark.  Or maybe you just think it’s a birthmark, a little voice said in the back of her mind, despite her phone call with Leslie earlier.  The gray swirls she had grown used to her entire life seemed alien now, sinister in the dim light.  Janelle had a sudden urge to ask her father for a cover-up tattoo, and she wasn’t sure why.

* * * * *

The cool shade of a palm tree washed over Janelle as her father parked beside it.  Laverne Medical Center towered overhead with its seven floors.  Janelle’s palms tingled with nerves.  Maybe Vortex Guy would have some earth-shattering revelation about their birthmarks, if he was even here.  With her luck, he’d been checked out and released to his parents already.  Or maybe the mundane was true and Leslie was right, that the gray spiral was a rare gene floating around the Palm Grove area after all.  That, of course, didn't explain anything else about yesterday.
Janelle kept her musings to herself as they climbed out of the truck.  She had a feeling if she brought it up to her dad, he'd find an excuse to drive them both back home.
“I’ll go up and ask around for him.  You wait here,” her father said once they’d entered the main lobby.  
“Why?” she asked.  “I’m not a baby.  I can do it myself.  And I want to ask about volunteering here if I can, since I'll be getting my license soon.”  She'd never gotten the chance back at home.  
“Just sit tight,” he said, turning away and heading for the elevator.  "Don't wander off.  Stay here where the security guys can see you."
Baby.  That little voice reared up in her mind again.  When was he going to realize that she could do things on her own?  She'd had to get perfect grades her entire student career just to keep him off her back, not to mention sign up for enough after school activities to consume most of her out-of-class life.  By now, he owed her some freedom, and it seemed like she'd never get it until she moved out.
Janelle sighed and paced around the waiting room, watching the same news stories on TV loop over and over: the crappy economy, another food recall, a big controversy over the comment of a talk show host, a celebrity in the hospital for a toe infection.  Of course, Hurricane Gary made one of the slots, with two deaths already reported from the storm surge south of Palm Grove.  Another meteorologist pointed out a new storm forming in the Atlantic, Tropical Storm Heather, but Janelle sagged with relief when he said it was supposed to weaken and die without coming near land.  Good.  She didn’t need any more problems.  The weatherman moved on to talk about a long drought in the Northeast when someone tapped on Janelle’s shoulder.
“You ready?” 
Janelle whirled around to face her dad.  “So is—”
“He’s on the third floor.  I went up to let him know you’re coming.  I'm guessing they've done some tests on him, but he seems to be okay."  He stared up at the drought story as he dug into his pocket.  “Why don’t you get him something out of that gift shop over there?  Here’s ten.”
Janelle strode into the gift shop and agonized over her choices for several minutes.  This was going to be her first impression, and if it turned out this guy wasn't related to her, she didn't want it to be a bad one.  But why did everything have to be pink?  Or flowery?  Or both?  She didn't even like the color, and she had a feeling that Vortex Guy wouldn't, either.  Ultimately she decided on a teddy bear in a blue Get Well Soon T-shirt.  
“I hope he doesn’t think this is too girly.” Janelle pushed open the glass door as she exited the gift shop, hurrying out into the hallway.  “Let’s—”
A squeal rang out next to her, turning the heads of two passing women in scrubs.  A janitor stopped to gawk, letting his trash can roll into the wall with a bang.  
Janelle turned to see what the sound was.  The metal door sagged in her hand as if depending on her for support, hanging from its top hinge only.  It was as if the Hulk or something had pulled it right off.   She stood, stunned, unable to come up with an explanation as her father stared on, jaw falling open.  “Uh…what?”
“Oh, my.”  The old woman from the gift shop counter darted out to look at the damage, then Janelle.  “You’re not hurt, are you?”  She took the door by the rim as Janelle let go and shook her head.  “The maintenance guys just put this in last week.  I’ll have to call them back down and give them an earful.  Ted, can you call them down?”
The janitor closed his mouth and reached for his phone.  
Janelle backed away and left the woman to pull the door to the side.  “I am so sorry.”   What else was she supposed to say?
The woman stared at her and shook her head.  "It's not your fault.  It couldn't possibly have been."
Her father’s hand came down on her shoulder, squeezing with urgency.  “Let’s go.  You need to be a bit more careful, honey.”
She couldn’t tell if he was joking or serious, so she kept her mouth shut as they boarded the elevator and squeezed in next to a lunch cart.  A mechanical failure.  She'd just pulled on the door at the wrong time.  There was no other explanation, and her father walked next to her, eyes pointed straight ahead and not offering one, either.
Janelle’s stomach rumbled at the smell of sloppy Joes, but she forced food from her mind when they came to a small visitor’s lounge a minute later.  
“Go on.”  Her dad pointed to the corner ahead.  “Second to last room on the right.  He didn't have any other visitors, so we should be fine."
Finally.  He trusted her to do something.  Janelle sucked in a breath and started down the hall.  She weaved past the beeping nurses’ station and dodged past carts, to where the door to the second-to-last room stood wide open.  Her throat suddenly felt very dry.  
Nobody took up the first bed, but the second one had the curtain drawn.  That had to be it.  Janelle swallowed over the lump in her throat and squeezed the teddy bear tighter.  Great.  She was going to look nervous and stutter all her words.
A muffled female voice floated out from behind the curtain, stopping Janelle in her tracks.
It was probably a doctor or nurse taking a blood sample.  Or his mom.  Well, she hoped.  She stopped and gripped the plastic rail of the first bed.  What if he had a girlfriend visiting him?  Sure, this teddy bear thing would go over really well.
“…disappointed in that, to say the least.  You’ve completely wasted your full potential.  You were doing great there for a few days, and it looked like we’d have something to celebrate, but no.”  The woman tossed down something paper onto what she guessed was Vortex Guy's bed.  “But when the big moment came, you just wimped out like so many of the others and—”
“I did it.  Why can’t you be happy with that?”  Vortex Guy’s voice rose above hers.  “I want to forget about it.  Can I go back and live with my mom now?”
Janelle took a couple of steps back and bumped into the empty bed, hoping they couldn't hear her.  This sounded ugly, but at least it didn’t sound like the boyfriend-girlfriend kind of argument.  
“You know the state won’t let you, so you’re under my roof until you turn eighteen.  Or maybe not,” the woman added.  “I’ll pick you up sometime tomorrow.  I’m sure the doctors want to run tests to rule out everything under the sun and make their money.  They must think I’m loaded.”  A bony hand throttled the curtain from behind.
“Uh…you are loaded."
The woman's voice went from annoyed to something far scarier, something with a weird undertone of growling that made Janelle stiffen like a deer caught in headlights.  “Don’t talk back to me.  Ever.”  The hand tugged the curtain all the way back.
Janelle’s stomach lurched, but she had no time to move.  
A short-haired blonde woman in a gray business suit stormed away from the second bed and stopped inches away as if she'd hit a brick wall.  Her gaze bore into Janelle.  She had eyes the color of an approaching thunderstorm, gray and dark blue at the same time.   “Who are you?”
The growl was gone, but the question felt like it was poking right into her, down to her core.    Janelle suppressed the urge to run out of the room and back down the hall to her dad.  Nothing about this woman made her want to stay in the room.  She held up the bear and focused on keeping her voice level.  “I’m here to visit him.  I…I helped pull him out of the storm yesterday.”
It was as if someone had flipped a switch inside Rude Woman.  She smiled, showing all her teeth, but it wasn't the kind of smile that Janelle liked.  Her gaze didn't stray, as if she were appraising every feature on her face.  “Oh, I see.  Feel free to take your time, sweetie.  Really.  It's no problem.”  She hurried to the door, pulling a cell phone from her pocket and clicking her high heels on the linoleum.  
Janelle turned to watch her go.  What had that mood swing been about?  Had she said something to cause it?  
Now wasn't the time to dwell on it.  She took a deep breath, making her heart rate slow back down to semi-normal, as she crossed the threshold to the other side of the room.
Vortex Guy sat up in bed, stabbing at a steaming tray of hospital food with a plastic fork.  Locks of black hair hung in his tanned face which must have spent a lot of time in the sun.  He seemed like the kind of guy that would either join a garage band or hit the waves with a surfboard, definitely not the class jacket wearing type her dad approved of.  No wonder he hadn’t been crazy about bringing her here.
He didn't look up at her as she approached.  Her chest tightened, but she pressed on.
“Uh…hi.” Janelle crept over and set the bear down on his bedside table, wedging it between the phone and the lamp.  She’d rehearsed her questions for hours this morning.  Now they’d abandoned her.  Gone.  “I'm the one who found you in the parking lot yesterday, but I’m not sure if you remember me.  My dad's Lucas Duvall.  He came up right before I did.”
He took a bite of his food and winced, like it was covered in mold or something.  “Lucas?  Yeah, he came up a few minutes before my guardian did.”  Venom filled his voice at the word guardian, so much that it made her back into the wall.  But then his voice softened.  “You must be Janelle.”  He stopped impaling the carrots and brushed the hair from his face.  He had a deep pair of hazel eyes that made her feel funny, in a way that had nothing to do with the events of the past two days.
Janelle sat and sank back into the cushion of the seat, face burning.  Why did she have to blush now?  This was uncomfortable enough.
Vortex Guy pushed his food away.  She didn’t blame him, because it didn’t look that good.  “Just moved here?” he asked.
Janelle’s shoulders sagged.  The words came easier now that he was asking the questions.  Maybe this wouldn’t be a disaster after all.  “Yeah.  My dad must’ve told you.  I guess he thought I wasn’t mature enough to tell you that myself.”
A pause as Vortex Guy stared down at his hands.  “So you live in Palm Grove?  Right near the beach?”  He smiled, but she couldn't miss the strain in it.  
"Yes."  She had to get to the point before anyone else came back, like that scary bipolar woman.  So she nodded and asked, “What’s your name, anyway?”
He grimaced as if the carrots hadn’t agreed with him.  “You’ll laugh and make fun of me like the whole hospital has this morning.  I really don't need any more of that.”
“Unless it’s Ebenezer or something, I won’t.”  Even then, she wouldn't.  Who would sit there and make fun of someone lying in a hospital bed?
He looked down at the sheets again and muttered something.
“What did you say?”
He stared at her, suddenly intense.  “Gary.  My name’s Gary.  Go ahead.”
Gary.  Okay.  It was another creepy thing she could add to the list of creepy things that had happened since moving here.  A shudder swept through her body, and Janelle cursed herself for letting this get to her.  “That’s not a bad name.  And it’s common, too, so that’s probably why they picked it for that storm.”  The knot in her stomach loosened as she listened to her own words.  “I went to middle school with a kid named Curtis.  And when Hurricane Curtis happened, everybody picked on him for a week.”
Gary gave a weak smile.  “Thanks.  Actually my full name’s Gareth, but nobody calls me that.  I'm glad, too.  Sounds like a soap opera name.”
Janelle listened to a squeaky cart rolling past in the hall.  She picked at a sliver on the armrest and tried to swallow over the dry lump in her throat.  Now came the hard part.  “When I was pulling you up off the ground yesterday, I saw something on your arm.  A mark.”   Janelle leaned forward as Gary’s eyes widened.  He knew something was up.  “Like this.”  She stood and rolled up her left sleeve, feeling oddly exposed.
“Oh.”  He glanced down again.
That’s it?  Oh?  Janelle sat, letting out a breath.  “Isn’t it weird that two people have the exact same one and in the exact same place?  I grew up thinking this was a fluke, but I don’t think so now.  I bet you know something more about it.  Is it a family trait or something?  A gene?"
"No.  We definitely don't look related."
"Then what do you think it is?"  She let her sleeve fall back down, glad for its cover.
Gary’s mouth twitched.  
Spit it out, she thought, heart pounding.  Come on.
Instead, he pulled the blankets over himself.  “I’m feeling really whipped right now.  I haven’t fully got my energy back and I’ve got to snooze again.  Thanks for the bear.”  He settled down with a rustling sound and went silent.
Janelle’s hopes hit the ground with a sickening thud.
“Gary?” 
He didn’t answer.  
“Gary!  Come on!  You know something.”
Still nothing.  
She reached out and shook him on the arm.  His whole body swayed on the bed, but he refused to say a word.  Janelle stood next to him and waited, holding her breath as she watched the second hand on the clock tick on the wall.  Gary kept breathing heavily, pretending he was asleep.
She had come all this way for nothing.  Whatever window had opened between them had slammed shut, thanks to this mark on her arm.
Stomach heavy, she rose and skulked out of the room.  The sound of ringing phones and beeping equipment faded behind her as she walked into the visitor’s lounge, dragging her feet.  
“Anything exciting happen?”  Her father tossed a science magazine back to the table.   It landed facedown next to a kids’ puzzle.
“No.  He didn’t talk long.”  Janelle raised her chin.  There was no use in letting him see her disappointment.  It would only earn her a lecture on letting her emotions get out of control again.  But maybe, she could think about this for a bit, and go back and force some answers out of Gary a bit later.  “Can I go say goodbye to him after we ask about the volunteering thing?”
Her dad opened his mouth to say something—probably a no with her luck—but then his gaze floated out to the hallway and he closed it, blanching.  The light in his eyes vanished as if the sun itself had hidden behind a cloud.
The tall blonde woman stood at the corner, talking to a young man in sunglasses who breathed heavily as if he'd just run up all seven flights of the hospital's stairs.  She tugged on the guy’s sleeve, pointing towards Gary’s room.  The two of them set off down the hallway Janelle had vacated a minute before.  If she didn't know better, it looked like they were rushing to intercept someone.
Her father stood and took her arm, leaving no space for arguments.  “Come on, Janelle.  We’re leaving.  Now.”
Chapter Three


All Janelle could do was think about what had happened earlier as she put up her dolphin posters that night.  Her dad had driven them back from the hospital way over the speed limit, and would've gotten the first ticket in his life if a cop had been anywhere around.  And he, Mr. Careful, had blown through a red light in the suburb.  She’d asked him why he was going so fast, he’d said that something wasn’t agreeing with him and left it at that.  But she knew better.  
She couldn't deny it anymore or try to make up rational explanations that didn't cover anything.  Her father's driving and weird behavior had everything to do with that woman, Gary, her birthmark, and maybe even the storm itself.  Obviously, she was too young and immature to know the truth behind any of it, and she couldn't hold in her irritation anymore.  
Janelle went to work putting her clothes away, strangling shorts and socks as she shoved them in her drawers.  Well, she could ask her dad about all this stuff again, and maybe, just maybe, he'd finally open up.  He almost had while the storm was raging over their house, so why wasn't he now?
The smell of coffee told her he was in the kitchen.  She rushed after him and into the scent of coffee.  Her dad always brewed it whenever he stayed up late for online gaming.
“Dad,” she said before he had a chance to turn away from the coffeemaker.  “Got any idea what that water vortex was yesterday?  A little weird, wasn’t it?”
At first, only the hum of the fridge filled the air.  Her father stiffened and gave one of his little smiles.  But this one looked stiff, forced.  “I’ve got no idea, honey.  Why don’t you finish unpacking tonight?  We have a lot to do tomorrow.  Plus, I’ll tell you about the high school."
Thud.  Again.  
“Why are you changing the subject?”  Janelle backed against the table as he walked past her and back into his study, struggling to hold her voice level.  "I want some answers, Dad."
He shut the door without a word, escaping her questions.  Silence fell.  
A hair fell into her face and tickled her cheek.  Janelle squeezed the back of a chair until her palms hurt and imagined shoving it across the room.  No.  Tantrums were for babies, and she couldn’t throw one with her father around.  Control yourself, he’d say.
Janelle released her death grip on the chair.  She needed to take control of the situation and dig up some answers herself, and there was one last place to turn: the Internet.  The computers were the first things her dad had hooked up when the power came back on.  He couldn’t breathe without the things.
Janelle poured herself her nightly glass of orange juice, took a sip, and made her way down the hall.  Her dad’s voice floated out through the study door.  Now he was on the phone instead of gaming like he usually did.  He’d been on the phone more than Leslie in the past two days.
Normally, she'd walk past without slowing down.  But now it was time for dishonest tactics.  
She pressed her ear to the door, taking in her father's low voice.
 “I…I can’t do it.  I tried, but I can't tell her.  I remember what it did to me, so I’m going to have to rely on you, Deon.  Besides, I have three weeks before I start my new job and this might do us some good.  Yes, go ahead and get the yacht ready.”  A pause.  “The tenth?  That’s the closest?  What about her school?  We’re looking at up to a two-week absence here.  Oh, well.  I guess you’re right.  It’s now or never.”
He was about to spill all the answers she needed.  Janelle readjusted her position, but a floorboard creaked.  
Her father lowered his voice down to a dim mumble.  She grit her teeth in frustration.    “Crap,” she muttered, pushing her ear against the smooth wood of the door.  
Nothing.  What was he doing in there—whispering?  Trying to do sign language over the phone?  Or maybe he’d just plain hung up so she couldn’t hear his top secret conversation.
Steadying her glass of orange juice, Janelle made her way to her room and plopped down in her computer chair.  Her father had said something about taking her out of school, so maybe then, she’d hear about whatever was going on.  Maybe it was good if it involved a yacht and taking a trip away.  
I tried, but I can't tell her.
Or maybe not.  Those words kept repeating themselves in her head. 
There was nothing she could do about it now except stick with her original plan.  
She typed hurricane in the search engine and clicked on the first article that came up.  Hurricane Andrina strikes Texas coast, hundreds feared dead in massive storm surge.  A huge picture of the Category 5 monster filled the top half of the screen, and Janelle found herself digging her toes into the carpet.  Something about the dark, pitiless eye sent a chill down her spine.  It reminded her of something, and she wasn't sure what.
Janelle skimmed the long article.  Andrina had spawned sixty-eight tornadoes, but no people had come out of them.  That didn’t help any.  Next.  Hurricane Kevin ravages Florida Panhandle just 2 months after Curtis.  No reports of people materializing out of nowhere.  Another.  Evacuations under way as Joey bears down on SC coast.  Still no help.  
Several news stories later, she sighed and typed people appearing in hurricanes.  Zip.  She reworded the search at least a dozen more times.  Nada.  Three hours later, she rubbed her burning eyes, turned the computer off, and went to bed.

* * * * *

“I’ve got great news and not-so-great news.  Have a seat.”
Janelle stopped in the kitchen doorway the next morning and stared hard at her father as he wiped off his glasses.  She raised her heavy eyelids.  This might have to do with his secret phone conversation from last night.  Maybe the planets had aligned and he was going to tell her something.  After all her tossing and turning last night, she needed it.
“Good news first.”  She pulled up a squeaky chair and poured herself some Magic Crunch, heart pounding with excitement and nerves at the same time.  What was the bad news?  Whatever he didn't want to tell her about?
“I was talking on the phone last night with an old buddy of mine.”  Her father stabbed his cereal with his spoon.  “And I’ve booked us a trip to the Bahamas.  We’re leaving on September tenth and we’ll be gone for two weeks.  I know that’s right after school starts, but I'm sure you won’t have any trouble catching up on your work ahead of time.”  He wiped his glasses with more fervor.  “I figured we could take this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to enjoy a real vacation.”
She stared hard at him.  Bahamas?  Them?  “That’s…that’s awesome!” A surge of excitement welled up through her body and sent warmth down her spine.  But then she remembered that there was a thing called homework she’d have to deal with.  And she’d be going with her dad.  No Leslie.  No friends.  The bubble of happiness burst.  “But what about my classes?  I’ve got Accelerated Geography and Advanced Language Arts this year.  I don’t want to fall behind.”  
“I’ll talk to your teachers, honey.  We’ll get your work out of the way ahead of time.”  He plucked a shiny brochure from under a pile of papers.  “We’ll be at this hotel.  Nice restaurant, swimming pools.  See for yourself.”
Janelle took the brochure and rubbed her fingers across the smooth paper.  She had to make sure it was real.  She paged through it, barely reading any of the text and gawking at the photos.  Palm trees.  Bright blue lagoons.  Perfect beaches.  This might not be so bad, even if she had to go with her dad.  Was this his apology?  Maybe.  She couldn't wait to tell Leslie about this.  “Tell me.  What are we doing there?”
“Well, for starters, we’ve got a private scuba diving lesson with my friend, Deon.  He hasn’t been in the business for years, but I convinced him to come out of retirement.  He knows a beautiful spot where there’re some coral reefs.”  He stared down at his crackling cereal.  “I thought you’d enjoy checking out the marine life.”
Janelle took a bite of her cereal, letting the marshmallows dissolve on her tongue.  She had to be dreaming.  “This is going to be so cool.  So what’s the bad news?”  Was he about to tell her whatever he hadn't wanted to tell her?  She gripped the table in anticipation.
Her father raised a spoon to point across the street.  “We’re helping Ed clear out that fallen tree today.”

* * * * *

Sweat made Janelle’s shirt stick to her back as she dropped another load of branches into the wheelbarrow.  She couldn’t believe the sheer number of them—they covered almost all of Ed’s lawn.  She peeked at the thermometer on the side of the house.  Eighty-eight degrees.  No wonder everyone in Florida had air conditioning.
The chainsaw screamed as Ed and her father took turns operating it.  Every time the men went inside to rest, she got to listen to Ed’s granddaughter, Serena, complaining.
“This is so much fun,” Serena said, tucking her hair behind her ears.  “This is my last summer break and I’ve got to clean up this whole yard.  Man, how did you miss getting hit?  Everyone on the street took some damage except you.”
“That’s what I’d like to know.  At least we didn't get the hard job.”  Her dad had been so sure that the hurricane wouldn’t hurt them—and against all that was sane, he’d been right.  It had even kept that telephone pole from coming down on them.  Maybe the storm really hadn’t wanted to cause them harm.  
That little voice popped up in her head again.  No, Janelle, that’s stupid.  Leslie would tell her the same thing if she were here.
“Well, this was nice compared to Andrina.  Remember watching that on the news?”  Serena plucked a pair of sunglasses from her shorts pocket and put them on.  
Ed and her father came back out, wiping their foreheads with washcloths.  Janelle grabbed the rake and swept up some leaves, trying to imagine what Bahamian beaches looked like, but something kept bugging her.  Gary.  If she didn’t get back to the hospital now, he’d go home today and she'd never be able to press him for answers again.  Her father was closed to revealing a thing.  His phone call last night had confirmed it.
Okay.  One last try.  
“Dad,” she called, “I want to go back and see Gary.  I want to keep in contact but didn’t get his full name.  Plus I still have to ask about volunteering at the hospital after school.  Can we go up when we’re done?”
“Are you crazy, girl?” Ed dropped a log near the side of the street with a thud.  “I know I don’t want to see Gary ever again.”
“Not the hurricane, the guy we pulled out of the hurricane.”
“The poor kid needs his rest.”  Her father’s voice left no room for argument.  “There’s no need for you to go back up there.”
“But you wanted me to go yesterday.” Janelle let her voice rise.  She couldn’t take this crap any more.  “Now you’re keeping me away like he’s a murderer?”
Her father shot her that warning look that meant keep your emotions in check.  “I said no, Janelle.”
Ed swallowed, no doubt sensing the tension in the air.  “I think you girls have done what you can until we clear this.  Take a break for a couple of hours.”
“Sure.” Serena’s voice gushed with relief.  “Can I show Janelle the beach?”
Ed opened his mouth to say something, but her father interrupted.  “No.  I’m sure it’s got to be filthy with glass and debris everywhere.  I don’t want you going anywhere near there while the cleanup’s still going on.   We’ll have plenty of time to hit the beach in the Bahamas.”  He turned on the chainsaw and went back to work.
“You’re going to the Bahamas?” Serena asked a few minutes later as she dug through the fridge for bottled water.  “I’m so jealous.”
“With my dad.  But I guess it beats not going at all.”  Janelle accepted one of the bottles and gulped the cold water down, savoring every drop.  “I’ll have a huge load of homework when I come back, though.  You know how merciless teachers are.” 
Serena took a seat at the table and sagged in her chair.  “I do not want to go back out there.  Come up with an excuse so we can go before they decide they need us again.”
Wait.  There was her chance.  Serena had a car, parked on the side of the street.  “That's a good idea.”
“Good thinking.”  All the sullenness left Serena’s voice.  “Anywhere you want to go?  I don’t care if it’s the furniture store.”
“Can we go up to the hospital for a few minutes?  We could say we’re going somewhere else and my dad will never know the difference.  I have to ask Gary something.”  Hot guilt boiled up inside her.  She’d never lied to her dad like this.  
The little voice returned.  But he lied to you.  Is that okay?
Serena cut into her thoughts.  “Hey, I can always say I’m taking you to the mall.  I go there all the time, so my grandpa won’t ask questions.”
Janelle stood.  Decked out in designer jeans and a tank top, she definitely seemed like the mall type.  This might work.  “Serena, you’re a lifesaver.”
Ed thanked the girls for their help as Serena unlocked her car, which belched out heat like an oven.  Janelle asked her father if he had any money she could use at the mall, and he handed her a twenty.  She had to look innocent or he’d never let her go.
He returned it after a long, tense second.  Good.  If he suspected anything, he sure didn’t care too much.
Serena merged onto the freeway minutes later.  Palm trees flew past outside and fluffy clouds cast huge, moving shadows on the ground.  Janelle even got her first peeks of the ocean between buildings.  It was a huge contrast compared to their first full day here.  
But Janelle paid no attention.  She was going to force answers out of Gary if she had to threaten to suffocate him with that teddy bear, and she wasn’t going to leave until he opened up.  He knew something about their birthmarks, and she deserved the truth.
Serena chatted about the Palm Grove high school and which teachers were going to suck.  Janelle closed her eyes and tried to listen, but an ugly image reared up: the twisting center of a hurricane.  Okay.  She’d leave them open.  
“Now where do we park?” Serena turned the car into the hospital lot.  “They’re charging four dollars?  People are here to see their sick family members!  What a rip!”
Janelle agreed.  That was robbing people.  She opened her mouth to comment, but stopped.
There.
Someone sat in a wheelchair near the Discharge Pickup doors.  Purple shirt.  Black hair with long, messy bangs.  
“Stop!” Janelle pushed the car door open before Serena had even hit the brakes.  “Gary!”  When the car squeaked to a standstill, she leapt out and ran towards him.
Gary pulled his gaze from the ground and stiffened in his chair.  The freckle on his nose stood out in the sunlight as his eyebrows rose.  “Janelle?  What are you doing back here?”
“There’s a lot of questions I want answers to.  Sorry,” she said, putting her hands on her hips.  It was best to hurry before Serena came over here.  “I want to know what these birthmarks are and why you appeared out of nowhere right in front of me.  My dad seems to know, but he’s not telling me anything.  So it’s up to you.  I need the truth."
Gary rose until he was level with her.  “You…you don’t know anything?  Any of it?”  The tone of his voice said that he already realized that, which meant he was stalling for time.  
Well, duh.  “Know anything?  I’m going out of my mind, wondering why I’ve broken everything I’ve touched since I moved here.  And I’m not talking toasters and can openers.  I’m talking brand new doors on steel hinges."
Seizing her arms, he stared hard at her with those hazel eyes.  “I’m sorry I blew you off yesterday.  Really, I am.  Your dad told me to keep quiet about it all before you came up.  But now’s not the time for that.  I’ve got a major problem.”
Her dad had sworn Gary to silence?  No wonder he'd pretended to fall asleep yesterday.  “And what’s that?”
“Get me away from here, please.  I think my guardian’s literally going to kill me.” 

Chapter Four


“What?”  Janelle swallowed a bitter taste in her mouth.  Murder?  He was talking murder?  “I don’t believe that.  If she’s going to kill you, why are you sitting here waiting for her?  If it were me, I’d be getting the hell away from here before she swings by.”
Gary glanced at the four dollar parking ramp.  “She’s got people here, so I can’t go anywhere or they’ll call her.  And she’s inside, waiting for someone.  I think it’s you.  She came back in my room with her assistant right after you left yesterday.  She wouldn't tell me anything, but I'm not stupid.  I'm sure she was hoping to catch you.  She must've figured out you're one of us."
“Me?”  A thousand questions exploded inside her.  The sun beat down on her like a giant spotlight as she surveyed the lot.  A mom herded her kids through the entrance.  But behind them, a shiny black van had parked by a pair of yellow traffic poles.  Two shadowy figures sat behind the tinted windshield.
Janelle’s fingers went cold and clammy under the hot sun.  Crap.  This wasn’t good.   Best to look casual, in case whoever was over there hadn’t realized she was the one who’d visited yesterday.  Fat chance, but she shrugged and forced her gaze from the van.  “Please say this is a joke.”
Gary took a step closer.  “Come on.  I bet they’ve called her.  She’s using me as bait.”
“What’s going on?” Serena called from the car.  Click.  She’d put it in park.  "I can't sit here for long."
Janelle shifted leg to leg.  Gary’s ashen face and wide hazel eyes gave away the fact that this was no joke.  
The black van started up, growling like distant thunder.
Her father had broken the speed limit yesterday for a reason.  She should have listened to him and stayed away.  “We’re getting out of here.”  Janelle seized Gary’s wrist.  She’d ask questions later. 
The exit doors to the hospital squealed open.  
And the rude woman in gray stepped out as they swung shut behind her.  
Janelle’s breath caught in her throat.
A breeze whistled through the air as Gary’s guardian smiled and clapped her hands together.  Her suit flapped against her, but she didn't seem to notice.  “Janelle,” she spoke with relish.  “I know that’s who you are.  I’ve been waiting for you for years.  I thought I’d lost you yesterday.  You’ve got no idea how happy this makes me.”
A chill raced over Janelle’s skin even in the muggy heat.  This woman’s smile reminded her of a shark.  She spit out a strand of hair the wind had pushed into her mouth.  “What the hell’s going on here?”
“Oh, you don’t know?  How typical.”  The woman twisted her features into a look of mock concern.  “And your time has almost come.  Oh, well.  I'll tell you everything you want to know, Janelle.  I know you have lots of questions.  It'll be my pleasure to answer them for you.  A girl your age should definitely know the truth by now."
Janelle couldn't move off the sidewalk.  It was almost tempting, to give in and say yes.  The woman stood there, dangling the truth she was seeking about everything in front of her face.  She blinked.  It was bait.  This woman in the business suit was like one of those deep-sea angler fish that lured in prey with pretty lights and moved in for the kill.
Another gust snapped through the air, trying to push her closer.  
Janelle yanked her feet from the pavement, seized Gary's arm, and tumbled into the car.  “Serena, let’s go!”  
Gary climbed in and slammed the door, shaking the whole car.  “Drive!”
“What?” Serena stared at the approaching woman.  “Are you in trouble with your mom?”
“That’s not my mom!” Gary said.
The wind started to whistle, trying to push its way through the doors of Serena's car.  Janelle froze and stared out the window.  “Oh, god.”  
Gary’s guardian hadn’t been joking.  She sauntered right at the car, patience lost.  Her voice deepened into a growl that rolled right over them.  “Get out, both of you!”
“Who is she to tell me what to do?”  Janelle locked the door and beat on the glove compartment.  That woman wasn’t normal.  Or human.  “Drive, Serena!”
“Ok.  I’m scared.  I’m going.”  Serena tugged on the gearshift and hit the gas.  The car sped towards the exit, sending Janelle crashing back into the seat.  This was her first time riding without a seat belt, and she vowed never to do it again.
The black van surged forward to block the roundabout.  Serena slammed on the brakes and pulled on the gearshift again.  “What did I just get myself into?”
“That’s what I’d like to know,” Janelle said, twisting around.
Rude Woman ran after the car, jacket flapping.  The wind strengthened into a howl. Papers blew past.  Shrubs bent towards the ground.  An old couple dodged into the front doors, trying to avoid the sudden anger in the weather.
“She’s getting pissed.  Over that!” Gary pointed to the traffic island blocking their way.  “Or back over her and do the world a favor!”
“You can’t run people over,” Janelle said.  The last thing she needed was to get involved in a hit and run, no matter how scary this woman was.
A roar washed over the car along with the strange wind, forming itself into words.  “Janelle!  Gary!  Step out of the car!  That’s an order!”  
Janelle seized the armrest.  That couldn’t have been her voice.  “Go!”
Serena plowed over the traffic island and its heart-shaped patch of flowers.   The car lurched over the curb and broke free onto even pavement.  Tires screeched as she made a sharp right out of the hospital, leaving the black van and the woman in gray behind.  Cars honked their horns as they weaved through traffic and barely made it through a yellow light in time.
Gary stared up at the ceiling with his arms spread across the backseat.  “Man, I’m so dead.”
Janelle sighed, struggling to hold back the shudders taking over her whole body.  The roar of the woman's voice still echoed in her head.  "Serena, did you hear that back there?"
"Yes.  I'm just as lost as you," she said.  Her tan skin had paled a few shades under her sunglasses.  
Calm down.  She had to calm down and think.  Janelle begged her heart to slow as they passed a cluster of fast food places, but it kept racing as fast as the car’s engine.  That woman knew who she was.  Her name.  Even the fact that she was looking for answers.  And your time has almost come?  Whatever that was, it sounded ominous.
Janelle stole a glance back, but the black van hadn’t followed, or more like they’d lost it at a slow traffic light somewhere. Serena ought to try out for NASCAR.  “We shook them off.  Good.”  
Though her heart rate was slowing at last, some part of her wished she could go back and find out more.  She twisted around, putting on her seat belt.  "Gary, did you tell your guardian anything about me after I left?"  That could explain some of the scene back there.
But Gary's hazel eyes were big.  "No.  I didn't.  I swear.  Believe me, she's the last person I'd talk to about anything.  I didn't even tell her your name when she asked me.  I just said that I didn't catch it."  His words and tone were the opposite of her father's.  They carried honesty, unless Gary was one of those habitual liars.
But they didn't bring comfort.  Janelle crossed her legs and picked at her jeans.  The hole she had fallen into since moving here was getting deeper by the minute.  
Serena slowed down, taking a deep breath as some color came back to her cheeks.  “What was that about?  And why did I just pick up a complete stranger?”
Janelle faced Gary again, who stiffened in the backseat.  She tried not to sound too withering.  Anyone who had a guardian like that deserved some sympathy.  “Very good question.  I’d like to know why people I’ve never met are after me.”
Hair toppled into his face as his eyes widened.  He pointed up to Serena and shook his head.  
Janelle knew what it meant.  He was going to disobey her father and open up to her now, but it couldn't be in front of anyone else.  She nodded her understanding, relief gushing through her like a cool stream.  “Now where do we go?”
“Take me anywhere,” Gary said.  “A park or a campground will work.”
“Shouldn’t we call the police?” Serena turned up the air conditioning.  “That crazy woman—”
“Won’t be stopped by the police.  Trust me on this.  Just drop me off somewhere so I can hide out from her for a while.”  Gary nodded to Janelle.  “We’ll talk another time.  Sorry.”  
She whirled around as far as the seat belt would allow.  She was so close to finding out what was going on, and now the chance was being ripped out from under her.  “Gary, it can’t wait.  A woman who roars and controls wind is after me."  Serena already knew about that, so there was no point in hiding that from her.  She almost mentioned their markings, but stopped herself in time.  "I think that’s a good reason for you to tell me what the deal is here.”
He sat upright like someone had stuck a pin in his back.  “Stop!  Right here will work.”
Serena slowed the car to a stop next to a large tangle of trees.  “This is the woods, Gary.  You can’t stay here.  Tell us what’s going on.”
A sigh.  “I can’t.  You wouldn’t understand.”
“Are you involved in…something illegal?” Serena glanced into the rearview mirror at him.  “Were those people like the Mob or something?”
Gary sighed, flicking a lock of hair from his face.  “No, they’re not the Mob.”
Time to put her foot down.  “Don’t even think of leaving,” Janelle said.  “There’s things I need explained, now.”
He reached for the door handle.  “I’ll see you around, Janelle.  I promise.”
Before Janelle could move, he shot out of the car and into the woods, taking all of the answers she sought with him.

* * * * *

 “I’m not telling my dad anything.  I’ll get busted,” she told Serena, leaning back onto her soft bedcovers.  “I’m sorry about all this.”  
Janelle imagined telling her father about the woman, but each time she did, she felt as if something hadn’t agreed with her.  This was all her fault.  Hers.  She’d even put her new friend in danger, and it was all to chase down some answers she should’ve known she wouldn’t get.  
“Your fault?  Yeah, you knew that was going to happen.  Maybe you should tell him.  He can call the cops.”
“No.”  The upset stomach feeling returned as she twirled her feet in circles.  “I just can’t, Serena.  He’s been weird lately.  And he’ll cancel the vacation if he finds out what I did.”
Serena undid her ponytail and ran her hands through her hair.  “Good point.  Still, what if that woman comes back for us?”
“I’m the one she was after.  I didn’t hear her yelling your name.”  Janelle pulled her sleeve down, stretching it to her elbow.  This had to do with her birthmark.  She knew it.  Serena was very lucky not to have one.  

* * * * *

Students brushed past Janelle as she sat in Accelerated Geography on the first day of school, and she paid attention to every bare arm she came across.  If her father wouldn't open up about anything and Gary had just disappeared, she had better find someone else with a gray spiral like hers.  So far, that prospect wasn’t looking too good.  About eight million students were wearing tank tops today, and the most interesting thing she’d seen had been a snake tattoo.
The bell rang through the halls, and a chubby, balding man strode into the class.  He cleared his throat to silence the chatter as he wrote his name on the board: Mr. Hank Deville.  “So…how was your summer?”
A sea of groans rose up.  Not that Janelle could blame them.  She felt like groaning herself, but held back.  
“My house flooded and we’re still mucking it out,” the girl next to her said.
A guy with dreadlocks waved his hands in the air.  “My new car’s got a huge crack across the windshield now.”
Mr. Deville bowed his head until the class quieted.  “Sorry to hear about all this.  Hopefully your school year will go a lot smoother than the last week.  Now I’m going to—you there in the front?”
Janelle had stuck her hand in the air without even thinking about it.  Her cheeks heated as twenty-eight other sets of eyes landed on her.  It was bad enough being the new person in class.  Now she was embarrassing herself on top of it.
At last, a question popped out of her lips.  “Yeah.  I moved to Florida right when the hurricane was happening, and I was wondering if they can skip over some houses the way tornadoes do.  Because my house didn’t take any damage at all while everyone else on my street did.  Since you teach Geography, I was thinking you might know.”  The desperation of her situation had wormed its way under her skin in the past few days of enduring her father's distance and waiting for Gary to turn up somewhere, so much that it was all she could think about.  She was willing to seek answers from anyone at this point.  
Mr. Deville’s gaze stayed on Janelle for several seconds before he answered.  It was as if he was trying to peer deeper at her motives, and wasn't sure what he was seeing.  “Hurricanes usually do their damage over a wide area, unlike a tornado, so it’s more evened out.  So I find that a little unusual.  What’s your name?”
“Janelle.”
The teacher leaned back onto his desk as he studied her, but at least it wasn't the creepy type that rude woman had subjected her to, just the friendly type of a teacher trying to get to know his students.  “Welcome to Florida.  Now, if we’ll—”
A girl in the back spoke.  “Why do they give hurricanes names?”
Mr. Deville straightened up, showing no signs of impatience.  “Well, around sixty years ago, the World Weather Assembly decided they needed a better way to keep track of storms.  So they invented a list of names that changes every single year.”  He eyed the entire class.  “Any one of you could end up sharing your name with one sometime in your lives.  And did you know that they originally wanted to use only women’s names on hurricanes?"  He smiled at the girl who had asked.  "The plan fell through when one of the Assembly members threw a fit over it and demanded that both men and women’s names be used.  So it’s been that way from day one.”
Janelle liked Mr. Deville--he seemed like one of those nice, laid-back types--but he hadn’t told her anything she hadn’t read online twelve thousand times.  If she didn’t get any new info by the end of the week, she’d have to give up on this search and wait for the Bahamas trip, provided she'd even find anything out there.  That, and pray that scary woman didn’t come back.
She hoped for a break and some time to think in Chemistry, but unfortunately the teacher, Mrs. Vanderson, cracked out an experiment ten minutes into class.  She pulled a large plastic jug filled with water from the storage closet.
“Now, I’m going to give you a small assignment to start off your year,” she said with a heavy twang.  “We’ll do a simple experiment so you can practice the steps and methods you’ll be using for the real stuff.  I went down to the beach this morning and collected some ocean water.  And what you’re going to do is turn salt water into fresh water.  Each table has a bowl and a plastic cup, along with a roll of plastic wrap.”
Janelle wasn’t sure if she’d even be able to concentrate on that.  Her birthmark itched.  Ever since getting here, it was bothering her more and more.  She tugged her sleeve down, making sure it wasn't visible to any of her classmates.
“Work on the first day?” her pimply lab partner asked.   He ripped out a piece of notebook paper and put his name, Donovan, on it.  “That sucks.”
“This doesn’t look like that bad of an assignment,” Janelle said, still lost in her own thoughts.  Gary’s birthmark popped up in her mind again.  And that little mole on his nose…why couldn’t she stop thinking about him?  He was long gone, probably eaten by an alligator with her luck.  
She unrolled some plastic wrap and stretched it out over and over to distract her thoughts.  Was Gary still trying to find her?  What if he was out on the streets?  Anything could have happened to him in the past week.
Mrs. Vanderson appeared at her table and poured the ocean water into the bowl.  A funny tingle swept through Janelle at the salty smell of it.  The same thing had happened when she’d caught a whiff of the salt water on Gary.  Great.  Now she was thinking about him again.
“Let’s get this done,” Donovan said, lifting the bowl off the table.  “Uh…ah…”  He let out a huge sneeze.
The bowl tilted to the side.  Donovan tried to steady it, but it wobbled right off his hand and towards her.  Janelle tried to scoot to the side, but water splashed against her shirt and onto her lap.
Her birthmark tingled and burned.  A roar filled her head as Janelle wrapped her arms around herself and gritted her teeth.  The roar became a scream and a burst of wind whipped against her clothes and whistled through the room.  Students cried out around her.  Glass shattered and papers flew.  Blinds rattled and books slid across tables, crashing to the floor.  Janelle was tilting, swaying, spinning…she could no longer feel her arms or legs.  What the hell was this?  A seizure.  This must be a seizure.  She was going to die…
The roaring and tilting stopped.
Janelle opened her eyes.  The world snapped back into place as water dripped off her lap and onto the floor.  
Papers fluttered down while everyone turned in their chairs to look around the room.  Mrs. Vanderson stood against a file cabinet, not that Janelle could blame her.  And Donovan’s face had turned red—really red.  He looked down at his own lap and muttered an apology.  But Janelle had no time to feel sorry for him.  A panic rose inside her like floodwater, threatening to pour out of her at any second.  
The water soaking through her clothes had been some kind of trigger.  She had…she had…
“Where did that come from?” the teacher asked, gripping the cabinet as if expecting another blast.  “Did someone open the window?”
“No.  That was weird,” a girl said near the front of the room, rubbing a red mark on her arm and wincing.  “The windows are all shut.”
“Well, is everyone all right?”  Wide-eyed, Mrs. Vanderson walked to the front of the room and stumbled over a fallen chair.  “What happened in here?  A localized tornado?”
Janelle looked around the room, the flood of terror rising through her chest and making her heart pound as if it were trying to escape.  She hadn’t had a seizure, that was for sure.  Seizures didn’t destroy everything around them.
A case of beakers had tipped on a nearby counter and shattered.  The floor was a mess: papers, water, and bowls everywhere.  The blinds hung in a tangled mess on the other side of the room.  At the next table, a girl held her hip as tears formed in her eyes.
Janelle's stomach threatened to lose its contents.  The panic rose up her throat, and she couldn't swallow it back down.  Now wasn't the time to break down in front of all these strangers.  
“Uh…Mrs. Vanderson?  Can I go to the office?  I don’t feel well and I kind of need to dry off.”  She had to leave.  Now.  Even if she got busted for skipping the rest of class.
The teacher studied Janelle’s clothes.  “Go ahead.  At least go dry yourself off.  I think we’ll just be doing some reading today, anyway.”  She picked up the fallen chair, muttering something.  
Janelle made her way for the door.  Nervous chatter surrounded her.  No one stared in her direction, but that didn't stop a prickling sensation from crawling up her back, like someone had a camera trained on her.  Out.  She had to get out.  
The hall was empty.  Good.  She hugged herself and leaned against the lockers.  It hurt to swallow over the lump that had formed in her throat. 
That cruel voice invaded her head again.  Didn’t that look a bit familiar?
Gary’s guardian had also made a mysterious wind kick up, only on purpose.
Ice flowed through Janelle’s veins.  No.  She wasn’t like that woman.  Gary's guardian could roar words and who knew what else.  
A strangled cry escaped her throat.  Janelle ran into a bathroom, glad that no one could see, and unrolled a handful of paper towels to soak the water off her shirt.  Another little tingle shot through her body as she pressed the wet clothes against her skin, but this one faded a second later.  
Something clicked.  
Ocean water.  Somehow the ocean water had set off her reaction—a reaction that could’ve hurt somebody.  Tap water had never done this.  Neither had lake water.  Nothing anything like this had happened before she’d moved here.
Janelle stared at her reflection.  Blond strands stood up everywhere from the windstorm and her eyes stared back, huge.  The girl in the mirror wasn't the calm, collected one who had watched her house in Flint disappear behind her for the last time.  It might have been the light, but even the blue of her eyes seemed to have deepened to an ominous gray.  She was something different, someone new.  
But who, exactly?
She wanted to run home and let that new person take over.  Beg, scream, and cry until her dad moved them back to Michigan.  
And do you think he will?  He knows you’re not normal.  
"Shut up," she muttered.  After splashing cold water on her face, Janelle grabbed the edges of the basin with trembling hands and stared down at the water swirling into the drain.  It sparkled like the vortex that Gary had appeared out of.  Like the ocean her father forbade her to go near this week.  
She let go and made her way to the office.  With a gentle nudge, she opened the door.  It stayed on its hinges, letting her breathe a sigh of relief.  Nobody else needed to see her freak powers.
Mr. Deville leaned against an empty workstation, chatting with a man that was probably the principal.  He turned to face her as she walked in.
“I don’t feel the greatest.  Is there anywhere I can lie down for a while?” Janelle kept her gaze fixed on the nearest desk.  It was best not to look all freaked out in front of these people.
“Um…there’s a sick room right over there.”  Mr. Deville pointed to the back of the office.  “If you feel like you’ve got to go home by one-thirty or so, let someone know.  Who sent you?”
“Mrs. Vanderson,” Janelle said in the lowest voice she could.  The way things were going, she’d start roaring her sentences next.  
The sick room had a long examining table and an ugly plastic plant in the corner.  The paper crinkled as she sat on the table.  She kicked her feet, watching them go back and forth.  She had to think.  There was no way her dad would move back to Flint.  Nobody who wanted to have a job and pay their bills did.  Maybe she could talk him into moving inland, as far from the ocean as they could get.  Her father could still go to his job, and she'd never have to worry about having this weird reaction again.  They'd both win, provided he even wanted to listen to her.  Or would he just go hide in his study again, like he had that entire week?  
The reassuring father who'd driven them out of Flint seemed to be gone, too.  The fact settled in her like a stone as she leaned against the wall, studying a crack near the ceiling.  Janelle watched, it seemed to open up a bit more and grow larger.  
Phones rang outside the door and Mr. Deville talked about coaching football—normal stuff—as she focused on her breathing.  The words blurred into the background until the door to the office squeaked open.
Mr. Deville went silent as if the President had walked into the room.
“Excuse me,” said Gary’s guardian.  “I’m looking for a student.  I’m not sure what her last name is now, but I know she must be going to a school around here.  Her name is Janelle.”

Chapter Five


Silence.  A fist of horror squeezed at her heart.  Janelle lifted her leaden body off the exam table, careful not to make the paper on it crinkle again.  It didn't, but the sick room door gaped open like a giant mouth, threatening to give her away.  Should she close it?  No.  She’d draw attention to herself.
Gary’s guardian continued as if it were perfectly legal to breeze into a school and ask about students.  Her voice dripped with a fake candy coating.  “She’s sixteen now.  Born on the seventeenth of August.  I’m a relative and I haven’t seen her in years.  If you’d allow me to explain, I'm sure you'd—”
The principal cleared his throat.  “You’re family and you don’t know her last name?  I'm sorry, but that's not flying with me.  Also, Ma'am, it's our policy not to give out information on our students.  You need to be authorized by her parents or legal guardians if you’re wanting to visit.  If you want, we can call her parents and get permission.  What’s your name?”
Janelle stiffened.  This woman knew her birthday.  She felt invaded, watched, like a lab mouse in a maze.  What else did she know? 
The woman whispered something and took a few steps closer to the sick room.  “You’re a teacher.  You’ll certainly be helpful and tell me if there are any students named Janelle in your classes?”
Janelle muttered a curse as panic surged into her chest.  She must be talking to Mr. Deville.  He’d taken her name earlier, so he only had to march over here and say here you go.  Please, she prayed, drumming her fingers on her jeans.  Her vision wavered as she held her breath, not daring to exhale.
“Not that I’m aware of, Ma’am.”  Mr. Deville said at last.  “And even if I did, it wouldn’t stick out to me.  I have over a hundred students a day.”
Thank you, thank you!  Janelle sagged against the table and exhaled as quietly as she could.
“Your name, Ma’am,” the principal said.
“Okay.  I’ll go,” the woman snapped, the sunshine in her voice replaced with a faint, rolling thunder.  The double doors squeaked again.  “Why are all these mainland schools so difficult?”  Her high heels clicked all the way down the hall as she departed.  
Janelle strained her ears.  There were no blasts of wind.  No roars.  She grasped the cold table and urged her heart to slow back to normal as the two men in the office conversed like spies.  She would have to make her teacher some cookies, maybe even a cake, for that.  Heck, she might even buy him some flowers to put on top of it.
Mr. Deville pushed the sick room door all the way open with a thud, sticking his bald head in.  His face had turned into a mask of concern, real concern that reminded her of her dad before the move.  “You know that woman who just came here?  I hope not, for your sake.”
She shook her head and forced a smile.  “Can I go to my sixth hour?  I feel better now.”  Big lie, but between the roaring woman and Trig, Trig sounded a lot less scary.
“You can go when the bell rings,” Mr. Deville said.  “I want to be sure she’s gone before you go out in those halls.”

* * * * *

“Getting all excited for the vacation?” her father asked the next morning, slapping some toast down onto a plate.  Sunlight and the aroma of breakfast filled the kitchen.
“Yeah.  I can’t wait to get out of here.”  For more reasons than you know, she thought.  She hadn’t told him anything about yesterday, except for the I have this teacher, I have that class parts.  How would he take the news about that woman coming to look for her?  Probably like every other weird question she'd had: by going into the computer room and closing the door or changing the subject.
And if she told, he'd know she'd gone back up to the hospital without permission.  
Janelle fidgeted on the seat cushion.  Her stomach rolled, urging her to spill everything.
I can't.  I just can't.
The words repeated themselves in her head, mirroring her father's from his phone conversation.  It seemed that both of them were hiding fear under breakfast and work, and the walls showed no sign of coming down.
So instead, Janelle poked at the keys on her new phone, putting Leslie’s street and zip code into its address book.  Maybe she should say something; it was the right thing to do.  But before she could open her mouth, he piped up again.
“It’ll be a spectacular trip.  You’ll never forget it.”  Her dad sipped his steaming coffee.  “Start telling your teachers today so they can give you stuff to catch up on before we leave.  You won’t feel like homework right after you get back.”
With his words lingering in the back of her mind, Janelle picked up her huge backpack and made her way out the door.  It felt light.  Full of air, definitely not like it contained a ton of homework.  In all the excitement of yesterday, she hadn’t noticed.
Once on the bus, she set her backpack on the floor and unzipped it.  Literature, Geography, and Trig—those were not light books.  This should have broken her back with all the weight it had.  
Grasping one of the handles and making sure that no one was looking, Janelle flexed her wrist to lift the backpack.  It came off the floor with all the ease of an empty plastic bag.  No weight seemed to tug down on her forearm.  
Freak.
Janelle put the backpack down with a thud and leaned against the bus window.  The gift shop door, that little kid’s arm…and now this.  It couldn’t be.  She had truly left that other life behind when she'd moved.  But for what?
The bus came to a squeaky stop to let someone else on.  She stiffened and let a storm of anger wash through her.  This was it.  She deserved some answers, and she ought to demand them out of her father after school.  No more of this wondering.  No more of her being quiet.  She’d rip the door off his study if she had to.  If she had to be a freak, she might as well get the full benefit of it.
The day blurred past.   Piles of worksheets, mountains of book assignments, and masses of study materials filled her backpack.  Her head started to pound by lunch and only let up when Mrs. Vanderson announced that she wasn’t trying the sea water experiment again.  
When the last bell rang through the halls, Janelle told Serena she’d catch the bus home and try to start her massive amount of homework on it.  Serena took one glance at Janelle’s folder—which looked ready to explode—and bought it.
Janelle walked out into the hot sun with her head down, scraping her shoes on the concrete.  She needed to think about how to confront her dad, and Serena couldn't help her with that.  
“Hi, Janelle.”
“Huh?”  She spun around.
A youth of about sixteen leaned against the brick wall of the school, black bangs hanging in his face.  A bit of stubble had appeared on his chin, his skin seemed a bit tighter around his cheekbones, and he now wore a gray shirt instead of a purple one, but the same freckle stood out on his nose.  
“Gary,” Janelle exhaled.  He'd returned, one week later.  Now she wouldn’t have to confront her dad.  “You’ve got no idea what a relief this is.”
“Relief?”  Unsmiling, he peeled himself from the building.  “Uh, I bet you’re wondering what the hell’s wrong with you by now.  What have you noticed so far?”
The buses waited, rumbling near the front of the school.  Screw them.  She could walk home, since it wasn't that far to begin with.  “Okay.  This is going to sound stupid.  But I need to talk to you.”
“I kind of figured that.  Nobody’s walking home with you?”  His eyes were searching as he studied his surroundings.
“No.  I’ll call my dad and tell him I’m going to Serena’s to do homework, so I don’t get his wrath for being late.”  Janelle barely heard her own words as she plucked out her phone and made the call.  Her voice must not have matched her racing heartbeat and tingling palms, because her father agreed to it without any questions.
Gary studied the pavement as they left the school behind them and turned down a residential street.  Music boomed out of passing cars and faded in the distance.  
Sweat gathered on the back of Janelle’s neck in the hot sun and her palms itched with nerves.  Where to start?  Now that she had all of her answers--well, maybe--walking beside her, she didn’t know what to say.  Since Gary had bailed out of Serena's car, she hadn't rehearsed any questions.  “Well, how’d you find me?”  
“I’ve been wandering around for a week now,” he said, hazel eyes locked on hers.  “You told me you lived in Palm Grove, so this had to be your school.  I saw you leave yesterday, but I couldn’t come out and talk to you with that Serena girl driving you home.”
Janelle nodded, glancing behind to her make sure no one was following them.  “Did you know your guardian was here yesterday?  One of my teachers told her I wasn’t here, though.”  Now came the fun stuff.  “She knows my birthday, but not my last name.  That strikes me as a little weird.”
“You’re right.  That is.  Don’t know where she could’ve gotten that.  And I swear, I didn't give her your first name.  You didn't leave something behind with your name on it?”  
"No."  The bear she'd given him hadn't even come with a card.  "She didn't say she was looking for me?"
Gary kicked at a pebble on the sidewalk, which tumbled down the gutter and into a storm drain with a splash.  “I didn't know anything until you found me out by the discharge doors.  That's when I figured it out."
"How'd you survive this past week, anyway?"  Other questions wanted to burst out of her, but something had locked in her throat.  The unease she'd been trying to hold down for the past week bubbled up to the surface, turning her stomach.  There was no hiding it.  She was too scared to ask about the other stuff.  Heat rose to her cheeks with the embarrassment of not getting it together.
"Me?  I’ve been mowing lawns around here so I could buy something to eat.  Got this at the dollar store.”  He pulled at his shirt.  “You know how hard it is, having to sneak into people’s back yards to take showers with garden hoses?”
Wow.  Gary had it bad.  She wanted to hug him.  A tingle swept through her at the thought, only to blow away in the next breeze and wave of nervous prickling under her skin.  Then, she had an idea.  “That sucks.  Why didn’t you just go down to the beach and take a dip?  It would’ve been easier.”
“Do you realize what you’re saying?” Gary stopped in the shade of a tree, eyes widening. “Our kind can’t just go down to the beach and take a dip, unless it’s a freshwater beach.  If we dive into ocean water…something happens.”
Our kind.  A nervous triumph rose inside of her, but she swallowed it down, hoping that he couldn't see it.  “I kind of found that out yesterday in class.”  
Gary's hazel eyes matched hers, ready to take whatever she had to say.  They told her that he wouldn't turn around and walk away from her questions, that he wasn't going to feed her flimsy lies or treat her like she was two years old.  Next to Gary, she was an equal: sane, intelligent, and deserving of the truth.
And then, Janelle couldn't hold it back anymore.  The incident in Chemistry came pouring out of her as they walked, and each word she said felt like a rock rolling off her shoulders.  Gary faced her as they made their way down a side street, not once laughing or even smirking, and not once interrupting her to give her some scientific explanation that didn't really exist.  In fact, surprise didn't even register on his face.  Gary just nodded as she finished, as if he'd expected her story for days.
"It sucks that you had that in class," he said at last.  
“I’m getting the idea that I’m not like everyone else.  And that you and that woman aren’t, either.  Does she have one of these, too?”  Janelle held back tears of relief as she rolled up her sleeve to show the gray spiral on her arm.  It felt so good to just be able to talk to someone about all of this, and someone who understood.  Even the coming answers to her questions couldn't stop that.
Gary seemed to stop and think, choosing his words carefully.  “Well, yeah.  All Tempests have one of those.”
Janelle narrowed her eyes at him, wrapping her mind around the word.  “Tempests?”
Gary’s jaw fell open.  “That’s what we’ve always called ourselves.  Wow, your dad really has kept you in the dark.  He even came up to my hospital room and told me not to tell you anything before you visited.  I think I mentioned that.  When it comes to this, some parents are like that.”
“He what?”  She let her mouth fall open.  Gary had mentioned that, but she'd forgotten with that woman chasing her out of the hospital parking lot.  So that was why he her father made her wait in the lobby--so he could go up and make sure Gary didn't reveal anything to her.  A flare of anger rose up as she thought about her dad, disappearing into his study with his coffee and mysterious phone calls.  “What exactly is a Tempest?” she asked at last.
Gary motioned her down the street, in the direction of the ocean sparkling between a row of houses.  “Follow me, and I’ll show you.”

* * * * *

The beach stretched out in front of Janelle as she and Gary made their way downhill.  Beyond it, the ocean sparkled in the sun and gentle waves lapped against the shore.  Students chased each other around on the sand and lay on colorful towels everywhere.  A girl in a bikini laughed and shrieked as a guy splashed her with two handfuls of water.  It was a complete contrast to the nervous grays and browns and blacks she felt inside.
"I'll never be able to do that," she muttered, meaning it as a question.
Gary watched his feet sinking into the sand as he stopped.  "No.  You won't."
It wasn't the answer she'd wanted, but it was an answer, at least.  What was she going to tell Leslie when she invited her down here?  Her friend would want to hit the beach.  “Why did my dad move me here if I can never touch salt water?” Janelle asked.  “He knew I’d have that reaction, didn’t he?”
Gary stopped and waved her into the shade of the tree line, where nobody was hanging out at the moment.  Once there, he lowered his voice and leaned in close, so close she could feel his hot breath on her ear.  “I'll cut to the chase now, one thing at a time.  Your dad’s a Tempest, too.  He probably moved you here because he wants you to have company.  Well, after you find out what you are.   I'm sure that's why he gave in and let you see me.  Most of us live near the coast or in the tropics.”
“My dad?” Janelle exploded.  "If he's got this same thing on his arm, why didn't he ever show me?"
Gary's brows rose.  "You've never seen his upper arm?"
"No.  He always wears long sleeved shirts."  Why hadn't she realized?  He must have wanted her to think she just had a weird birthmark.  
“Where else do you think you got it from?  It's always inherited from one or both of your parents.  He showed me his mark at the hospital, so I know your Tempest parent has to be him.   He wasn't up there long, just enough to tell me he doesn’t want you to know anything yet, because you’ll learn about it when you—” He didn’t finish, and that made her stomach lurch again.  Gary was the opposite of her dad when it came to openness, and if he wasn't wanting to talk about something, it had to be bad.  
“When I what?” she asked, but Gary didn’t answer.  She kicked a wave of sand into the air as she caught the salty smell of the ocean.  Another wave of tingling swept through her at the smell, but it wasn't as intense as it had been in Chemistry, and disappeared a second later.  “How could he hide this from me?  And you haven’t answered my question about what Tempests are.”
Gary sighed.  “It’s not an easy thing to talk about.  We need a place where nobody’s around so I can tell you.  I found a spot yesterday under the docks.”  He peeked at her from the corner of his eye.  “Sorry, but this is going to scare the crap out of you.”
“Uh…I’ve already had the crap scared out of me.  Your guardian just calmed my nerves, you know.”  Janelle tried to lift her voice to lighten the mood, but it wasn't working.  Gary's gaze stayed as serious as ever.
“Not like this, you haven’t.  You might be better off not knowing the truth.”
Janelle swallowed a dry lump down her throat, fighting an urge to walk back up the hill and back into the suburb to leave the answer behind her.  No.  She’d waited two weeks for this.  “I can take it.”
“This way.”  Gary stared at the ground again as he strode towards a chain-link fence that separated the public beach from a rocky, off-limits one.  
“But--” Janelle began, but the salty aroma of the ocean hit her again and sent another tingle through her body.  That settled it.  She followed Gary to the fence.  
He’d already hoisted himself over.  As Janelle climbed the fence, one of the guys behind them shouted something and laughed with his buddies.  It was pretty obvious what they thought she and Gary were planning to do.  She ignored them.  Obnoxious guys were the least of their worries.
“Is this necessary?” she called out as she landed on the other side.
“Yeah.  You’ll see,” Gary said, trudging forward.
The beach in front of them was littered with boards and splintered plywood, which stuck up like the spikes on the back of a buried dinosaur.  Curtains, trash, and even something that looked like a teddy bear lay half-buried in the sand.  Whoever owned this beach hadn't called in a cleanup crew yet.  
They walked along the beach in silence.  Every rock and piece of debris on the coast tried to trip her up.  But at least the catcalls of the other kids grew fainter behind them.  That was a plus.  At last, only the cackles of seagulls could be heard along with Gary's strained breathing next to her.  He kept his gaze out to sea as if trying to avoid staring at the land around him and at the destruction along the coast.  
Janelle glanced up at clusters of battered trees and houses.  No one came out to yell at them for trespassing.  It wasn’t like they could, anyway.  Most of the homes sported blue tarps and missing walls, and a few had been reduced to half-standing piles of rubble.  It looked as if no one would dare live here again.
“That’s where we’re going.”  Gary pointed to a huge dock ahead that stretched over the beach.  “The tide’s out right now, so we can go under and no one will notice us.”
“Is this that bad?”  If he had to drag her way out here, it couldn’t be good.
Gary didn’t answer.
After five long minutes, the dock blocked out the sun.  Janelle’s sneakers sunk into the wet sand as a chill swept through her.  Whatever Gary had to say couldn’t be minor if he’d gone to this length to do it.  “Okay.  Get it over with.  The more you wait, the more nervous I get.”
Gary backed slowly towards the water.  “The ocean’s what gives us our power, Janelle.  If we’re too far away from it, we don’t get the whole increased strength and the ability to control wind.  That’s why you seemed normal until you moved here.”
“That makes sense, I guess.  I was living a thousand miles from the ocean all my life.”  The tingle coursed through her body in waves.   Water lurched at the sand as if it were trying to reach for them.
“It’s more, though.”  Gary’s voice cracked as he turned away and stared into the water.  “It’s also a…catalyst…that can make us release our full power, whether we want to or not.  Don’t you get why I share my name with that storm?  Why I appeared right there when it died?  I know you saw that.  I can remember your face.”
A fantastic and terrifying thought crept into her mind, paralyzing her.  Gary…Hurricane Gary…Gary.  “Uh…” 
“That’s what happens when Tempests touch the ocean,” he said, leaning against a wooden pole and burying his face in the crook of his arm.  His words seemed to race and fall apart as he spoke.  “You just had a small reaction since it was a bowl of water that fell on you, but diving into that is a different story.  You…change.  And you can’t stop it.  The other Tempests forced me to go because my name came up on that storm naming list.  That meant it was my time.  I tried to escape, but my guardian had me thrown in the water.  I tried to calm down before I got to shore.  That’s why my guardian’s pissed at me.  She wanted more destruction, more deaths.  As if the five people I killed aren’t enough to make me feel like crap for the rest of my life.”
“What?”  Janelle’s pulse roared in her ears.  She couldn't stop what she blurted next.  “So you’re telling me that because your name came up on that list they use to name tropical storms, you were tossed into the ocean against your will, which made you turn into a hurricane and slam into the coast.  And then when you were over land, you changed back and passed out right in front of me.”  It was a joke.  It had to be.  This wasn't a concept most people could even be capable of thinking of.  
Gary let his arm slap down to his side, but still he didn't face her.  “Yes.  That’s exactly what I’m saying.”
She took a step back, stumbling over a slimy rock.  The bottom of the dock seemed to be coming down on her, closing in.  “No.  I don’t believe you.  I refuse.  Do you think I'm going to take your word on that?  Just tell me the real truth, Gary."
Gary faced her, trembling.  His pupils had dilated.  “Then how come I can do this?” He raised a hand in the air as if to say stop, and a wind whipped underneath the dock, pushing Janelle’s hair into her face.  Before she had a chance to flinch, he continued. “And this?”  He dropped his hand and the wind died.  “And what about this?”  Whirling around, he faced the water and focused on it.  The ocean started to tumble up and down, defying the calm day.  Whitecaps grew taller and grabbed for the sand, hugging Gary’s feet and racing for Janelle.  
She leapt out of the way and watched the water retreat.  The world seemed to tilt around her.  She'd taken his bait and fallen into a trap.  “Gary, stop this!  I don’t want to see any more.”  
Another burst of wind whistled past as water swirled around Gary’s feet and retracted into the ocean.  He trembled as if he’d just put his hands on an electric fence.  Now was he having a seizure on top of all this?  
Janelle ran for him, searching for her phone with one hand and slapping her hand down on his shoulder with the other, prepared to call an ambulance.  “Gary!”
He turned to face her and she had to choke down a scream.
The gentle hazel had gone.  Instead, storm clouds spun and raged around his black pupils.  She was staring into the eye of a hurricane.
“See?” Gary’s voice took on a growl.  “See what I am, and what you are, too!”

Chapter Six


Janelle screamed at herself to run, to get the hell out of there, but her feet refused to peel themselves off the sand.  She couldn’t tear her gaze from the pair of eyes that were locked on her.  Eyes that weren't Gary's.  Eyes that were something as far from human as they could get.  
Gary stepped back and groaned, putting a hand over his eyes.  The world froze.  Reality fell away.  All of her thoughts seemed to freeze in time.  Only Janelle’s own breathing filled her head.  
An eternity later, Gary lowered his hand from his face.  His wide eyes had gone back to their normal, solid hazel, pleading and terrified.  He had returned, shoving the monster inside him back into a vault somewhere.  “Don’t run.  Please.”
“You’re…you’re--” Janelle backed away until she bumped into the hill behind her.  No.  It couldn’t be true.  But it was.  Gary and Hurricane Gary were the same thing.  Somehow, he was that storm packed into a human body—a killer.  No lousy explanation in her head could account for anything else.
Gary raised his palms as if Janelle were pointing a gun at him, glancing at the row of ruined houses.  “Please hear me out.  There was no way I wanted to do…that…but when my name came up, they forced me.  That tropical storm naming list isn’t just to keep track of hurricanes, like people think.  Tempests invented it.  When a Tempest is born, their name gets down on that list.  It’s our law.  I'll explain it to you later.  And when your name comes up, you have to become a storm, whether you want to or not.  And then—”
“Get away from me.”  She turned to climb the hill.  “Don’t come near me again!”
“Janelle!  Wait!”  Gary’s footfalls fell on the sand below.  “I’m not going to do anything.  Tempests aren’t supposed to hurt each other.  I kept that telephone pole from falling on you.”
She froze, fingernails digging into the sand.  She’d never said a word to him about that.  The only way he’d know would be if—
“Please don’t run.”  Gary appeared beside her, crouching in the sand.  “We can’t let anyone know about this.  It has to stay a secret.  We’re in Florida.  If they find out what we are, they’ll probably lynch us.”
A moan of horror escaped Janelle’s lips.  Her feet sunk into sand as she climbed up the hill.  She had to get back to town.  She had to find normal people.  She—
“Janelle, please.”  Gary’s hand brushed against the back of her shirt.  "I know this is scary.  Just--"
“Get away!”  A chain-link fence waited at the top of the hill, blocking her escape.  A warehouse was beyond it.  Janelle grabbed the fence and shook it against the poles.  A squeal of panic filled her head, chasing away all thoughts of controlling herself.  “Anybody!  Help!”
Silence.  A seagull took off into flight.
“Quiet.” Gary seized Janelle’s ankle, staring up at her with his mouth hanging open.
She kicked and his grip loosened.  “Let go!”  
Gary tumbled downhill in an avalanche of sand.  Thud.  He landed on the beach, sprawled out and facedown as the ocean lapped for him.  It missed by a few feet and drew back.
Janelle let out a breath.  She’d knocked him out.  She turned to climb the fence again, but her gut clenched the second she put her hand on it.  Gary might be injured.  He’d lay there for days, and she’d be at fault.  Or it could be a trick to make her go back down there.  What to do?  
With a groan, Gary lifted an arm and started to push himself up.
Okay.  That settled it.
Janelle hoisted herself over the fence, catching her jeans on the top for one terrifying second.  After tugging them free, she swung her feet over and hit the pavement running.  Her footfalls thudded in her ears as she dashed past a rusty gate and onto a side street.  
“Janelle!” Gary shouted from somewhere back.  “Don’t go home!”
Another thud.  He’d jumped the fence.  
Lose him.  If he caught her, he might toss her into the ocean.  He'd been talking about some law about that.  Maybe he'd come to force her to--
Janelle turned and cut through a yard, dodging around a stack of plywood.  A side street, a drive…it all blurred together as she ran.
Gary called for her again, fainter this time.  
Downtown Palm Grove stretched out in front of her with its shops and hangouts.  Hide.  She needed to hide.  Where would he not think to hunt for her?  Serena's car was parked in front of the ice cream shop, but that was too obvious a place to go.  Serena couldn't hold off Gary, or even come out and start her car before he got here. 
Janelle bolted down the closest alley.  She ducked down on the other side of a dumpster, took off her backpack, and pressed herself against the brick wall.   
She held her breath against the stench and waited for footfalls to grow closer and closer.  Nothing.  It seemed like she’d eluded Gary.  Only the sound of passing cars and laughing students floated down the alleyway.
Janelle let out a huge breath and covered her eyes with her hands.  She’d come face to face with a monster she had never dreamed existed—a hurricane in human form.  It was unbelievable.  
It made sense.
Gary shared his name with the storm.  He’d appeared right when it died.  He couldn’t bear to look at the storm damage—the damage he had done.  And his eyes would haunt her nightmares forever.  Had her own eyes looked like that when the bowl of seawater had splashed on her?  She squeezed them shut and hugged her knees.  She wasn’t a Tempest!  She wasn’t! 
A truck rumbled past.  Minutes passed as Janelle rocked back and forth as it all sunk in.  Maybe, just maybe, it hadn't really been Gary she'd been running from, despite his swirling eyes  and his horrible words.  It had been everything else.  Her father's lie.  Herself.
Images of the destroyed Chemistry classroom and the gift shop door hanging in her hand reared up again.  
No.  She hadn't been running from him at all.  
Gary was still out there, searching for her, maybe even thinking that she hated him.  He'd given her the truth she had asked for, probably walking miles and miles and eating out of Dumpsters in order to do it.  He hadn't even wanted to turn into a giant storm.  That, she believed after all that had happened.  He deserved an apology, and there was more he wanted to tell her.   Perhaps he was going to tell her the identity of that scary woman next.  Janelle's stomach turned at the thought of her.  She didn't know her name, but she did have an idea that she shoved away as she stood.
She picked herself up, grabbed her backpack, and left the alley, resolved to take whatever Gary had to tell her next without running away.  How was she going to apologize?  Would he even accept it after she'd pushed him down that hill?  
Serena's car was gone from the ice cream shop, but Janelle didn't mind.  If her new friend found her now, there would be no explaining anything or putting up the mask she'd worn to hide her emotions all her life.  She glanced up and down the street, but Gary was nowhere in sight.  She'd lost him all over again.


* * * * *


Her dad’s truck wasn’t in the driveway.  Good.  She didn’t want to face him or his betrayal right now.  Janelle took another look behind her as she unlocked the door, went inside, and bolted it behind her.  There was no sign of Gary on the street behind her.  He'd likely decided she wasn't worth it and moved on.  It wasn't like she could blame him, but that didn't stop the pain in her chest.  Gary was the only solid land she had in a sea of lies.  
Janelle was on her own all over again, flailing.  
Your dad’s a Tempest, too.  Gary’s words rang through her head as a fresh wave of nausea swept through her.  Her father?  The man who volunteered at soup kitchens and helped Ed with the cleanup?  No.  It couldn’t be.  
She dropped her backpack at her bedroom door and faced her computer.  If her dad was a Tempest, that would have to mean--
“Oh, hell no!”
She raced over to the monitor and loaded up the Internet browser.  She typed two words, two words she didn’t want to put together.  Her heart hammered in her throat.  One of those screens that said she had no results would pop up.  It had to.
Search results filled the screen from top to bottom.  Janelle’s gaze landed on the first article on the list.
Hurricane Lucas.  In bold blue letters.  
Janelle felt as if someone had punched her in the stomach.  A choking sound escaped her throat as she clicked on the link, unable to look away.  Lucas.  Her father’s name.  
HURRICANE LUCAS.  Article by Freepedia.  Below that, a hurricane bore down on the East Coast, staring out at her with its black eye.  If this was…if this was…she scrolled down to hide the picture.
Hurricane Lucas was one of the most powerful storms to hit coastal North Carolina during the eighties.  The system began suddenly as a tropical depression just off the coast of Bermuda in September of 1985 and strengthened into a tropical storm the next day.  On September 10 Lucas became a Category 1 hurricane 500 miles off the U.S. coast.  After passing over warm waters it evolved into a strong Category 3 storm with winds of up to 120 miles per hour.  Lucas made landfall on September 13 and left about 5 billion dollars worth of damage, much of it to the fishing industry.  Though its rains ended a two-month drought in the area, it killed 13 people who did not follow evacuation orders and left another 28 injured.
Janelle fumbled with the mouse and closed the window with a trembling hand.  Killed 13 people.  No!  She hadn’t read that.  This was all a bizarre coincidence.  Lucas was a common name, and there was no way her father could be this monster.  
Janelle tossed herself down onto her cold bedcovers as a sob racked her body.  Her dad had also turned into a hurricane and killed people.  It explained everything.  He’d spent his life helping others in need—was it all to make up for what he’d done?
Stomach lurching, she focused on the picture of her mother instead.  She smiled out from the dock, black curls hanging around her ears.  Had she been a Tempest, too, or a normal human?  She’d never heard of a Hurricane Tina, but she didn’t want to look it up and blow the last of her hope away.  She needed some to cling to right now.  With Gary gone and her father refusing to open up, it was the best she could do.  
Somebody tapped on her window.  Janelle shot up and sucked in a breath, making the bed creak underneath her.  Could it be--
Gary stood on the other side of the glass, motioning down to the latch.
“Janelle, we need to talk,” he said.  “Serena brought me here when I checked the ice cream place in town, since I didn't know how else to find you again.  I've been hiding in your backyard in case your dad comes back.  I’ve got to warn you about something.”
"You came back."  She couldn't hide the relief in her voice.  "I'm sorry I had a panic attack like that.  I shouldn't have.  You're not hurt, are you?"
"Sorry?"  His eyes widened behind the glass.  "What you did was normal, Janelle.  If I were you, I would've run, too.  I promise, I won’t do what I did at the beach, because I hated that as much as you did.  I only did that to make you believe me about everything.  Listen to me and you’ll stand a better chance at escaping what’s coming.  Can you let me in?”
"Yes.  I don't know when my dad's going to be back, though.  I’ll let you in at the front.  Then I have to ask you something.”  Gary wouldn't lie about what was on the screen.  
 A minute later, she and Gary stood in front of the computer.  “Now be honest.”  With a click she pulled up the Hurricane Lucas article and stared down at the white carpet, but not before she caught a glimpse of the storm’s twisting eye.  “Is this…is this…” My dad, she meant to finish.  But the lump in her throat grew too painful for speech.
Gary lowered his voice as if he were at a funeral.  “Yeah.  I’m sorry.  I couldn’t keep from warning you.  My mom told me about the whole Tempest deal when I was twelve, and man, I took it pretty hard.  I didn’t talk to her for days.  I bet there’s an article there on her too, if it’s any consolation.”
Janelle put her palms down on her desk.  If she didn’t, she’d collapse right there on the floor in front of Gary.  She pointed to the monitor, keeping her gaze glued to a pencil mark in the wood.  “Did the other Tempests force him to become…that…or did he do this on his own?”
“Don’t know.  I never actually knew your dad.  I only just met him at the hospital."
“I can’t live with this.” Janelle’s pulse throbbed across her temples.  Great.  Another headache on top of all this.  “How can I even look at my dad again, knowing he’s killed people?”
“I’ve killed people, too.”
“That’s different.  You’re not my family.  And I don’t have to see you every day.”  She covered her face in her hands.  A nightmare.  That’s all this was.  Her dinner wasn’t agreeing with her.  
Gary’s words came out like machine gun fire.  “He doesn’t strike me as the type who did it on purpose.  Not like some Tempests I know too well.  He had no choice but to change no matter what.  When your name comes up, you have to become a storm whether you like it or not.  That’s what I came to warn you about.”
“Warn me?” Janelle lowered her hands from her face.  The gurgling in her stomach was enough to tell her what was next.  
Gary’s hazel eyes bore into hers, serious.  “Yeah.  Has your dad decided to take you out on a boat sometime in the next week or so?  Take you out somewhere in the ocean?”
A chill swept through her.  The ocean water was supposed to make her release her full power.  Her voice came out small, timid.  “We’re going scuba diving Wednesday in the Bahamas.”  
Her breath caught.  Oh, God.
“That’s what your dad wants you to think.  It’s not scuba diving you’re going to be doing.”  Gary wiped his palms on his jeans.  “A lot of Tempest parents don’t tell their kids anything, then shove them off a boat or something when their time comes.”
A hollow terror bloomed in her chest.  The world dropped out from under her.  A flash of anger ran through her, and this time it was directed at Gary.  How could he imply that?  “No.  My dad wouldn't do this to me.”
Gary marched over to the computer and typed three words into the search bar: hurricane naming list.  Another article from Freepedia popped up.  He clicked, and columns of names for the Atlantic hurricane seasons filled the screen.  “Take a look.”
“I don’t want to see this.”  But she couldn’t look away.  Her legs carried her closer to the monitor, one step at a time.
Gary tapped his finger on one of the columns.  “That’s this year’s list.  Here’s me.  Now make your way down it and see what you find.”  He took a deep breath, stepping back.  
Janelle raised one shaking finger, pressed it to the screen, and made her way down the column.  GARY…HEATHER…IAN…
A moan of horror escaped her throat.
…JANELLE.

Chapter Seven


Janelle swiped the contents of the bathroom sink into her gym bag: deodorant, toothpaste, a few combs, and several other items.  A towel…she’d need one of those, too.  And aspirin.  
“Gary!  Help me pack.”  She made her way to her neat closet and threw clothes about, stuffing shirts and jeans into the bag at random.  It didn't matter what she took.  All that mattered right now was getting away from this, from what her father had done to her.  She wanted to vomit when she thought of her dad, smiling as he told her about the vacation that wasn't really a vacation.  "He's my father, Gary.  How could he do this to me?  He's not the type who likes to hurt people.  He even helped Ed clean that tree out of his yard."
Gary flinched at her last sentence.  He’d pressed himself up against the wall to avoid the flying shirts.  “I don't know.  He must be a stickler for the law."
She imagined a Hurricane Janelle article appearing on Freepedia in the near future and hugged herself, dropping the bag to the floor.  “So he cares about this Tempest law more than what this is going to do to me or everyone I could hurt?  He was just planning on letting me jump off the boat and find out about all this the hard way?"  The world took on a surreal gray tone, as if it didn't know how to deal with the thoughts racing through her head.  "That doesn't make any sense.  Unless there's a very good reason that Tempests have to transform--and I doubt there is--I'm not on board for this." She faced Gary, dreading the truth.  If there was a good reason, she didn't want to hear it.  The thought of becoming a violent force of nature was just too weird, too alien, to terrifying to entertain.  Worse still was the thought of hurting anybody.
He rubbed his palms on his jeans.  "I don't think there is one, to tell you the truth.  My mother never let me know while I still lived with her, and no other Tempest I ever met gave me a reason."
Somehow, she felt both relieved and angry at the same time.  This meant her father had truly disregarded her in favor of some law she didn't even understand.  Why?  There was nothing good about natural disasters.  Could someone else be controlling him, making him put her through this?  "That's why I'm getting a flight back to Michigan.  There's no ocean there."
“We can try that.  I have to get away, too.  Andrina’s going to kill me if I don’t.”
Janelle whirled around to face him.  “Andrina?  That’s who your guardian is?  That's who I met at the hospital?”
Gary nodded.  “Surprised?"
She shook her head.  The thought had crossed her mind earlier, but she'd shoved it down inside, hoping that it was anything else.  
"See why I don’t want to be around her?  She wants every Tempest to be as bad as her.  Some of us try not to hurt too many people, but Andrina just likes killing.  She's bitter at the world, I think.  Something must have happened to her during her childhood.  Whatever her problem is, you don't want to see her again."
Janelle’s stomach turned.  The infamous Andrina was walking around in human form right now, searching for her.  What a nice, comforting thought.  “W…what does she want with me?"
Gary drew a deep breath.  “She claims she's at war with humanity, and wants every other Tempest to jump on her cause.  You saw what she did to coastal Texas six years ago, so I believe her.  Plus, she's always spouting some crap about having to protect Tempests from the rest of the world in case they discover us.  Which is a good point, but I don't think her starting a big war is the way to do it.  Anyway, I'm guessing she wants to take you to Alara for that reason, since you're pretty much next to transform."
“Alara?”  Janelle held her breath, trying to chase out Gary's words.  It was bad enough that her father had lied to her, and this was worse.  If Andrina was in the area, she couldn't stay here even if her father apologized and agreed not to take her out on any boats in the future.  
“Yeah.  It’s an island out in the Caribbean that only Tempests know about, somewhere south of the Bahamas.  I've lived there for the past four years.  Andrina and the Elder Council live there, too.  Basically, it's our capital."
Janelle felt her jaw dropping as she turned to lean against the wall.  “This is just too much.  Andrina.  I never would have thought.  Why don’t the Tempests who try not to kill people stop her?”
“That’s kind of hard when she’s the Tempest High Leader and she’s got the Elder Council in her pocket.  Some of them, at least.  She took charge when her grandfather died.  Great, huh?  And there's no law in our books saying you can't kill as many people as you want when you change, so there's no reason for them to take her out of power."
The rumble of an engine floated in before Janelle could process the new information.  Her father had come home.
“Hide!”  She gave Gary a shove into the closet, and he didn’t resist.  “He’ll know that I know everything if he sees you here.”  She'd lose her advantage then, and he might try to pack her up and go shove her in the ocean tonight.  Gary said nothing as she closed the door and straightened out her hair.  
Her father would suspect something if she didn’t look and act completely normal, which she’d have to pull off to make a clean getaway later.  Once in the hallway, she examined herself in the mirror and breathed deeply.  Calm down, she told herself.  Don’t look like you’re ready to scream.  The mask went up as her eyebrows relaxed and some color returned to her features.  Satisfied that her face looked calm and untroubled, Janelle stepped out into the living room.  
The silver of her father’s truck gleamed in the driveway.  The engine died and her dad climbed out along with Ed.  The two chatted as her dad pulled a box out from behind the passenger seat and reached in for a plastic grocery bag.  
Her father, the killer.
Her dad parted with Ed and opened the front door.  “So how was school today?” he asked, smiling.  He was wearing a mask, too, one she could see past for the first time in her life.
“Fine.”  Her voice sounded like she’d swallowed some helium.  Calm, stay calm.  Now to find something normal to say.  “I got a lot of homework to do ahead of time.”
“Did you and Serena get to go to the beach today?”  He opened the cupboard and shoved a can of green beans in between two cans of peas.  His tone gave away his suspicion.
“No.  We were at her house doing homework.”  Janelle shuddered.  Thank God he was facing away from her.  He was trying to prod to see what she knew, so it was best to sound stupid.  She forced her way to the fridge and poured herself a glass of orange juice, then made herself to take a seat at the table.  The air had grown thick.  Heavy.  She couldn’t breathe.  
Her dad took a seat opposite her and adjusted his watch.  “You’re awfully quiet.”
“I don’t feel very good today.  I didn’t sleep too well last night.”  And I just found out you want me to turn into a hurricane and kill a bunch of people.  That’ll do it, too.
“Well, maybe you should go to bed early.  I want you well rested for the trip.”  Her father shot her a smile.  Didn’t he understand what he wanted to make her do?  “Our flight leaves Monday morning and we’ll spend our first day sightseeing around the islands.  Tuesday we’ll go shopping.  Wednesday we do the scuba diving lesson.  You’re in for a surprise that day.”
Janelle choked on the orange juice, nearly spitting it out onto the table.  Now she’d blown it.  “Surprise?  What surprise?”
If her father knew anything, he sure didn't show it.  “Well, it wouldn’t exactly be one if I told you.”  He stared at her with his gray eyes, almost prodding, and for one sickening moment Janelle imagined the center of Hurricane Lucas swirling inside them.
Category 3 storm.
Janelle pulled her mouth into a smile, the hardest thing she had ever done.  “I can’t wait.”
5 billion dollars worth of damage.
Her dad opened up one of his computer magazines.  Conversation over.  
Killed 13 people.
Janelle crept over to the sink and dumped out the rest of her orange juice, holding back tears.  Her stomach churned like she might throw up.  “I’m going to lie down.  My head’s pounding.”  That part wasn’t a lie.
“Sure thing.  I’ll be in the study playing online in a little while.”
Janelle made her way down the hallway and to her room, leaving behind the father she thought she knew.  She closed the door behind her as a cry of revulsion escaped her throat.  No matter where she went in the house, she had a killer to run into.  But at least Gary wanted to help her escape becoming one herself.
“So…how are we getting out of here?” Gary’s voice floated out from the crack under the closet door.
“Well, I can’t leave right now.  But I’ve got him fooled.  He thinks I’m looking forward to the trip.  We should make a run for it after dinner.  That’s when he’s in his study.  I’m going to be the first to break this stupid law.”
Gary didn’t speak for almost a full minute.  Then he spoke, his eyes soft and determined at the same time.  “I'll help you, Janelle.  Nobody’s done it before to my knowledge, since the Elder Council makes sure of that, but you might have a chance since they don't seem to know your address.  They’re the ones who put our names on that list, by the way.  They’re obsessed with the Natural Law.”
“And what’s that?”  It was best to know as much as possible before setting out.  A pang gripped her stomach as the thought hit her.  She was leaving, at least for now.  There were no other choices.  
“They say that Tempests were made by a storm god and that he gave us these rules we had to follow a long time ago.  And they suck.  Thanks to them I was forced to change.”  A groan crept into his voice.  “I think that whole story was made up to keep Tempests in line, but do you want to hear the legend?  My mom told it to me before I got taken away.”
Taken away?  Had Andrina actually kidnapped Gary?  She almost asked him, but the pain in his voice told her it wasn't the time.  "No, maybe later."  It wouldn't be a good idea to stand there and listen to a story when her dad could knock on her door any second.  "We’ve got to come up with a plan.  Look, I’ve got eight hundred dollars in my account.  We can get a flight back to Michigan.  How much do you have?”
“Uh…forty dollars.  Sorry.”
“That’s fine.”  It beat what she’d expected—nothing.  “I’ll see if my friend Leslie can let us stay at her house for a day or two, or at least meet us at the airport.  But we’ll have to find someplace else to go after that.  My dad will look there for us.”
“But how do we get to the airport?”
Janelle let out a curse, not caring that she was letting the mask slip away.  Her father wasn't here to see it.  “Well, we can either find a bus somewhere or steal my dad’s truck.  And I’m not stealing his truck.  I’ll get online and plan this out, but first I’ve got to call my friend.”
Janelle pulled out her phone and dialed her number.  How was she supposed to explain this one? 
The call went straight to Leslie’s answering service.  Her friend didn’t even have her phone turned on right now.  She must have used up all her minutes in record time—again.  What a surprise.  
Janelle sighed into the phone.  “Leslie, my dad’s sending me back up there for a few days because our house is flooding.  It just came up.  We don’t know anyone down here, so there’s no one I can stay with.  I’ll try flying out from Orlando.  Sorry to throw this on you so soon.”  She closed the phone and set it down, realizing just how weird and awkward it sounded.  “How was that?”
Gary stuck his fingers out from under the door.  “Hey, it beats what I would’ve said.  How are you going to explain me?”
Janelle’s face turned warm.  “Um…that’s the least of our problems.”

* * * * *

Over the next hour, Janelle looked at flights at the area airports.  Only Orlando had any going up to Flint within a day or so.  And that was an hour away, of course.  But too much could happen in the next few days that could prevent her escape, like her dad seeing through her bad charade earlier.  So they had to take whatever flight they could get.
“Looks like we’ll be using a dial-a-ride to get there,” she whispered to Gary.  “I signed up for them to pick us up at the high school at eight tonight.  I don’t think my dad would let us get picked up here.”
“I can pay for that.  You’re taking this all pretty well.”
“What choice do I have?”  Another lump formed in her throat.  She pictured crashing waves and palm trees bending under a fierce wind.  The image was stuck in her head, seemingly forever.  “We leave as soon as he’s on the phone or something.  I’ll leave some music on to make him think I’m still in here.  It could be hours before he notices I’m missing.”
“Wow, you’ve got a clear head now.  You sure didn’t at the beach.”
“I was in shock.  And I think I had a good reason to be.”  The lump grew so painful that her teeth started to hurt.  What would happen to her father after this?  Her college plans?  The rest of her life?
Orange light crept across her carpet.  It felt like the sun was going down forever.
Her dad called her out to dinner and she turned off her phone to make sure Leslie wouldn’t call back and give anything away.  He served up homemade macaroni and green beans, which she wolfed down as he asked her about her classes.  It was her last meal with him.  At least for a while.  She repeated that to herself again and again, and it kept her from breaking down right there at the table.  He asked her about school, and Janelle answered his questions as she stared down at her plate.  She couldn’t meet his gaze.   What if she saw those hurricane eyes staring back at her instead of his human ones, like she had with Gary? 
An eternity later, her dad vanished into the study.  Janelle grabbed a new plate and scooped the leftover macaroni onto it before returning to her room.  
“Here.  Eat fast.  It’s six and it might take an hour to get to the school.”  She opened her closet door and shoved the plate in as Gary muttered his thanks.  
Chewing and scraping sounds followed.  “This is a big change from earlier,” he said.  “You were running from me before, and now you’re feeding me.”
“Well…it’s different now.  I didn’t know about my dad’s plans.  Besides, you deserve a decent meal.”  Her face flushed again as she picked up her gym bag, grateful that it wouldn’t feel heavy at least until she   “You think Andrina will know where to look for us?”
Gary shook his head.  “I doubt it.  As long as you’re not paying for everything with a card, she shouldn’t be able to track us down.  But she's smart, believe me.”
He put the plate down.  It was time to go.  Just one more thing.
She plucked the picture of her mom from its frame and slid it into her pocket.  It was the last shard of sanity she had, and the only memento she could carry.  
Janelle plucked a random album off her rotating CD rack and put it into her stereo.  She turned the music up as Gary emerged from her closet.  Her dad would hear it if he walked past the door.
Letting out a breath, she took one last look at her room and the life she was leaving behind.  Dolphins smiled out at her.  Stuffed sea stars grinned to the music coming out of her stereo.  The memories of the life she'd had before the move.  
Tears blurred her vision.  “Let’s go.”
Bag under her arm and keys gripped tight in her hand, Janelle crept slowly down the hall.  Gary’s breath blew against her hair.  Her heart thudded so hard her dad might hear it.  
A muffled explosion came out from the study.  He was playing video games, his usual nighttime activity, so it was less likely he'd hear her over it.    
That stupid board creaked underfoot.  
Janelle froze, holding her breath.  A loud burst of artillery came out of the computer.  But there was no creaking of her dad’s computer chair or footsteps behind the door.  That was a relief.  
Janelle didn’t dare let out a breath until she’d gone around the coffee table.  She leaned against the coolness of the door and willed her heart to slow.
Gary stood next to her, blocking out the bay window.  His breath blew against the side of her neck.  Another tingle raced across her skin, and this one had nothing to do with the ocean.  He was standing so close to her…
Janelle turned away and rested her forehead on the cool wood of the door as her chest constricted.  She was leaving her father, her only family, for good.  What would he think when he got up in the morning and found her gone?  He’d figure out why she left, but he’d sit here and worry so much.  Her throat hurt.  She took a step back to return to her room when the hideous image of a hurricane reared up behind her eyes.  No.  She had to leave, because she’d kill people if she didn’t—people like Ed and Serena.  She unlocked the door and turned the knob to pull it open.
A door opened and footsteps thudded down the hall.  “Janelle?  What are you doing?”
Her heart leapt as she whirled around.  
Her father stood at the mouth of the hallway, adjusting his glasses.  The computer kept playing explosions and gunshots down the hall.  So he’d used the same trick as her, making her think he was busy.  He might have been waiting on the other side of the door the entire time, waiting for her to spring the trap.
“Uh…” she dropped her duffel bag.  No excuse or charade would work now.  
Her dad looked down to the bag, up to her, and over to Gary, who’d pressed up against the window.  He swallowed and sucked in a breath.  “So…you know now.  I was afraid of that when you were so jumpy earlier.  Oh honey, I’m so sorry you found out like this.”
Janelle backed into the door, slamming it shut by accident.  She couldn’t stop the words that tumbled from her mouth.  “I went online and I saw what you did.  You killed people!”
Another explosion from down the hall.  A scream.  Then silence.  
Her dad’s eyes turned towards the floor as he unbuttoned his left sleeve and started to roll it up, to expose the upper arm she'd never seen before.  
There was only one reason for that, but she couldn’t look away.
The familiar gray spiral stood out against her father’s pale skin, skin that had never seen daylight for that reason.  Keeping his gaze trained on the floor, he spoke three words, the three worst words he could have said.  “Yes.  You’re right.”
Janelle let out a half-scream, half-sob.  “No!”  
Her father backed away and raised a palm.  His eyes had gone a watery red, but he blinked it away.  “I had to do what was expected of me.  Gary did, too.  The deaths weren’t intentional.  Sometimes tragedies happen, especially with a nature like ours.  When you change and try not to kill, it’s like trying to walk across a field without stepping on any bugs.”  He raised his head and wet his lips.  “That’s the unfortunate part of our role as Tempests.”
“Oh,” Janelle moaned, slapping her hand to her forehead.  The world spun around her.  This wasn't her father in front of her, talking about killing.  "You're not saying these things, Dad.  You're not!"
Footsteps approached and her father’s shoes entered her field of vision.  A moment later his arms pulled her into a hug, and she was too shaky to resist.  “I’m so sorry.  I tried, but I couldn’t bring myself to tell you.  It’s never easy, finding out.  It would have been simpler for you not to know anything before your time.  So much emotional upset is spared that way.”
Janelle trembled as she settled into his warmth.  She squeezed her eyes shut, resting her head on her father’s chest.  The world stopped spinning for a moment.  He was lying.  He had to be.  He’d tell her in a minute that this was all some elaborate joke, and that he and Gary had planned it out for weeks, and that—
“Gary, look at what you’ve done.  I told you not to tell her anything.”  A bit of venom had crept into her father’s words.  He released her and stepped back.  “Janelle, where did you find him?”
Gary had backed up into the couch.  He swallowed.  “She helped me get away from Andrina last week, Mr. Duvall.  I owed her the truth.  If it wasn’t for her, Andrina could’ve killed me.  She hinted that she didn’t want me around anymore, and, well…you know how she is.”
Her father sucked in a deep breath.  “Janelle, did she see you?”
She nodded, begging her quivering chin to stop.  She was about to lose it completely.  
“Did she try to come after you?”
No point in hiding this anymore.  “Y…yes.  At the hospital and at school.”
Her father swore and paced across the living room as if shot out of a cannon.  “That’s never good news.  I never should’ve taken you to the hospital.”  His voice was filled with self-loathing, heavy and ready to pull him down to the floor.
Janelle barely heard her own words.  “Dad, it wasn’t your fault.  You didn’t know she’d be there.   I went back after you said no.  So it’s mine.”  Busted, but who cared?  She needed to change the subject before she broke down crying.
No lecture.  No break.  “She’ll want you to kill as many people as possible,” her dad said, ashen.  “And she has ways to force you.  We leave for the Bahamas tomorrow.  I’m booking the first flight.  Gary, you’re coming with us.  There’s a few Tempest families down that way that might be willing to hide you.”  He stepped towards Janelle, eyes very dark and gray.  “Now we can’t risk delaying your transformation another day.  I only want you to do what the law says you have to.  But if Andrina finds you—”
“I’m not taking this trip!” The mask fell as Janelle’s voice screamed in her own ears.  So he did care about this law more than what this was going to do to her, or he wasn't going to stand up to it.  “I’m not going to level a city or drown a bunch of people.  We can just go inland and get away from her.  I'm sure there's lots of places we can go.”
Her father’s voice shook as he fumbled for words.  “Don’t be afraid, Janelle.  When you change, you get a whole new perspective.  It’s an experience you can’t imagine.  And--”
“Get away from me.”  Stomach heaving, she backed away and bumped into the kitchen table.  His trembling voice told her that he didn't believe what he was saying.  Was he a puppet, spouting someone else's words?  The Elder Council's, maybe?  
The table lurched several inches and the truck keys jingled on it.  Janelle seized them and bolted for the front door.  It would have to be the truck after all.
“Janelle, please listen to me.”  Her dad pressed himself against the door.
“You've lied to me enough!”  Her senses cleared, not leaving her any time to feel the rage and the grief that was sure to come later.  Every sound was amplified in her ears as she ran for the kitchen window.  Her footfalls.  A car rolling past.  “Gary, come on!”
Her dad’s mouth dropped open as he ran for her, but Gary jumped in front of him.  They crashed and hit the wall with a deafening thump.
“Go, Janelle!” Gary shouted.  "Get out of here!"
Janelle slid the window open with a bang.  Muggy air and orange light washed over her as she crawled out.  She landed on cool grass, sprang up, and raced for the silver truck.
Thumps and bangs echoed in her ears.  The front door flew open and both her father and Gary scrambled out, pushing each other aside.  Gary couldn’t hold him back for long.
“You don’t know what you’re doing,” her father yelled over Gary’s grunts.  “Just put the keys down and we’ll talk about this.”
She wouldn't give him time to drag her down the ocean and shove her in.  Janelle hit the remote.  Click.  The doors unlocked.  Now she’d have to start the truck before her dad pulled her out.  She reached it as Gary jumped into the passenger seat and slammed his door.
“Come back in the house.”  Her dad appeared at her side and seized her left arm with a grip like iron.  “I’m not mad at you.  I understand your reaction.”
Janelle froze in place.  He wanted to talk this out?  He’d already made it clear that she wouldn’t have any choices in this matter.  She struggled to wrench her arm from his grip, not caring if the neighbors overheard.  “I’m not going to be a monster!”
“Janelle—”
“Leave me alone!” She flicked her arm to the side and his grip broke.  
Her father hurtled backwards towards the house.  Time slowed.  He hit the shrubs and fell back into them.  Leaves swallowed him up, cracking and bending.
“Oh…” Janelle stared at her father’s legs, which stuck out of the shrub, thrashing.  She'd hurled him across the yard now.  He might have lied to her, betrayed her, and once turned into a deadly force of nature, but he was still her father.  The only parent she had left.  He'd never actually hurt her.    Despite the last few days, that she knew for sure.
The driver’s side door came open and Gary leaned out.  “Last chance to go, Janelle!”
“But my dad—”
“Janelle," her father said, breaking away from the shrub.  "Careful.  The neighbors--"
Her father was okay.   Now she could go.
Janelle leaped into the truck and started the ignition, ignoring the guilt squeezing at her heart.  The truck’s engine roared to life and the headlights shined on her father.  “Seat belt,” she said to Gary.  
He whipped it around himself and nodded to her.  Go, it meant.
Janelle felt for the gearshift and pulled it back with a trembling arm.  Drive…which one was drive?  No, reverse.  She lifted her foot to mash the accelerator.  
Too late.  Her father jumped forward and seized the front bumper.
It was as if the truck had been chained to an aircraft carrier.  Tires squealed against pavement; the truck lurched back a few inches and stopped.  Her father grimaced, showing his teeth.  He was holding the truck there with his bare hands.
“What the hell?” Janelle beat the steering wheel.  “Come on, come on, come on!”
The squealing grew louder.  A rubbery stench hit her nostrils.  At last the truck broke free and reversed so fast that Janelle scrambled to find the brake.  They came to a stop inches from Ed’s debris pile, sending her back into the seat.
“No, Janelle!  Andrina’s out there!”  Her dad raced for the truck, arms waving in disregard for whatever the neighbors might see.  His eyes were wide and desperate.  Terrified.  She'd never seen them that way before.  
She almost put the truck in park and opened the door.  Almost.  But the thought of what she'd become if she did kept her foot down.
Gary tapped her right arm.  “Go.”
"I am!"  She switched gears and hit the gas again, blazing down the street.  In the rearview mirror, her father stood in the middle of the street and let his arms slap back down to his sides.  
Janelle let out a long breath.  Now not only had she run away, she’d stolen the truck and nearly given him a heart attack.  But the alternative would be--“I can’t believe this.”
“We can just drive to Orlando from here.  We can stop at a gas station and ask for a map,” Gary said, flinging his bangs from his face.
Something flared inside of her.  “Don’t you realize my dad could’ve been hurt back there?”  Janelle blazed past mailboxes and piles of debris waiting for pickup.  “And all you said was ‘let’s go.’  I might want to get away from this, but he's still my dad, Gary.”
Gary stared down at his feet.  "Sorry.  You're right.  I was just trying to help you not go through what I did."  
Janelle went through an intersection, not daring to look back at the sight of her house getting smaller behind her.  It might make her turn and go back.  Silence grew heavy.  It was time to change the subject.  “How am I going to explain this to Leslie?  She won’t buy my excuse for long, if she even bought it at all.”  Her voice cracked.  “Hey, I came back up here because I didn’t want to add ‘destructive hurricane’ to my resume?”
Gary leaned back into the seat, eyes squinting with what looked like pain.  “Say your dad hit you or something.”
“But he’s not abusive and he never has been.  Everyone knows that.  I can’t do that to him, too.”  
Janelle fell silent as her vision blurred.  Maybe she could go back home next year, or when hurricane season was done.  It would be too late for her to change then, since her name wouldn't be on that list.  This didn’t have to be permanent.  
Gary sat bolt upright.  “Janelle!  That light’s red!”
Crap.  Twin traffic signals glowed like a pair of evil eyes ahead.  They’d never stop in time.  She lifted her foot and slammed on the brake.
Too late.  With another squeal of tires, they slid right into the busy intersection—and straight into the path of an oncoming freight truck.

Chapter Eight


Headlights blinded Janelle as a horn blasted through the air.  All thought left her; she slammed her foot down on the gas pedal.  Gary swore as they burst towards the other side of the intersection.  
Bang.
A jolt seized Janelle’s body as a strange calm swept over her.  Glass shattered.  The world spun.  The massive side of the freighter rumbled past.  Another jolt shook her body as the truck slammed into a street sign.  
They stopped.  Janelle let out a huge breath.
Was she hurt?  And what about Gary?  She glanced at him.  He laid back on the seat, mouth gaping open and arms limp at his sides.   A numb shock took over the strange calm.  No.  He couldn’t be dead.  Not after what he'd done for her.
“Gary!”  She broke her paralysis and shook his arm.  
“Huh?”  He blinked, like he’d woken up from a long nightmare.  “You all right?”
Janelle leaned forward to hug him, but the seat belt held her back.  “You’re okay,” she breathed, heart bashing against her chest.  She glanced at her body, expecting blood and splintered bone, but there was none.  
The freighter squeaked to a stop ahead of them.  A man in a blue uniform jumped down from the passenger door and raced for them, mouth hanging open.  “Are you hurt?” he called.  
The rest of the shock blew away in a second.  “I don’t know.  I don’t know.”  A panic seized her   Janelle’s breath came in shallow gasps as she gripped the fabric of her jeans.  
Gary sat up with a groan.  “This isn’t good.”
“How bad?”  Janelle looked out the rear window.  It was smashed.  Gone.  Glass covered the floor of the truck, sparkling yellow in the streetlight.  One corner of the tailgate was bent in as if a giant's hand had squeezed it.  
Perhaps she should feel some sense of revenge against her father, but she couldn't.  The sight of the truck only made her heart ache more.  
Janelle urged her heart to slow.  She took a deep breath.  No chest pain flared inside her, so her ribs were fine, at least.  
But her dad would be coming.  Even in her state, she knew he was only two minutes away.  They needed to get the hell out of here before someone called him, and definitely before the cops came.  The look on Gary's face told her he was thinking the same thing.  She grabbed Gary’s arm and squeezed.  “I think we’re f…fine,” she lied to the man.  “It doesn’t look that bad.”
“You want me to call an ambulance?”  The guy stared in with huge eyes.  “The driver up there’s calling the police right now.  And we'll need your insurance info.  This truck’s gonna have to be towed, unfortunately.”
“No thank you.”  Janelle flipped off her seatbelt.  “I’m sure they’ll send one anyway.  Look, we’ve got to go.”
“Yeah.”  Gary tossed his seatbelt off.  “We really need to leave, sir.”
The man held up a hand, squinting at the rear tire.  “You can’t go until the police get here.  That’s a felony.  And you’re not moving with a back end like that.”
Janelle jumped out of the truck.  Gary’s feet slapped onto the pavement as he ran over to join her.  She ignored the slowing traffic around them and followed the truck driver’s gaze.
Gary’s mouth fell open.  “Oh, man.”
The back tire had twisted out of place, leaning out to the side at an unnatural angle.  They weren’t moving, unless they wanted to spark all the way to Orlando.  Her stomach got heavy.  She was doing everything wrong, everything.  Gary must think she was an idiot.  Her father would never forgive her, if she got to see him ever again.
But she couldn’t give up, not unless she wanted to become a murderer.  Janelle waved to Gary.  “Come on.”  
The truck driver narrowed his eyes at her.  “Whoa.  I said you’re not going anywhere.  You could get in big trouble for leaving the scene of an accident.  I’m talking jail time.”
Gary raised his eyebrows and shot her a look.  What now?  
Janelle’s legs threatened to give out.  Jail time beat spinning over the Atlantic as a giant storm, hands down.  “We’re sorry about this.  When my dad gets here, let him know we’re okay.”  She seized Gary’s arm and bolted to the walkway.  He didn’t resist.
The man yelled at her to come back, but his voice faded into the traffic noise behind them.
Gary ran beside her.  “Janelle, this is illegal.”  
“So is killing people.”   She ran across the parking lot of a party store with rubbery legs, a sick feeling filling her.  This was wrong, and nothing she'd ever dreamed of doing, but if she stayed, the cops would turn her over to her father.  It would be all over then.
He took her arm.  “Okay.  You’ve got a point.  We lay low as much as possible.”
Sirens wailed and grew louder.  Her back prickled, as if they could see her already.  
No one got hurt.  No one got hurt.  She repeated the mantra to herself as she ran, following Gary into an alley between a plaza and a tall wooden fence.  If she didn't, her legs would stop and carry her back, fueled by that sickening guilt in her stomach.  
The sirens peaked and stopped.  Red and blue lights flickered against the fence.  
Janelle pumped her legs faster, dodging around trash cans and old furniture.  Gary breathed heavily in her ears.  At last they emerged from the alley and onto Main Street, leaving the emergency lights behind them.  Cars sped by.  People laughed inside the ice cream shop.  Gary stopped on the sidewalk and slapped his hands on his jeans.  
“Now where?”  Janelle looked around at downtown Palm Grove, pausing for a second to stare at the alley she'd hidden in earlier.  
“Well, not that way.”  Gary caught his breath as he looked to the beach they’d gone to that afternoon.  The ocean sparkled orange in the setting sun.  “I’m not running down the beach in the dark.  Tides go in and out.”  
A shudder raced over her as she remembered what he meant by that, what he had been, and what he was helping her to not become.  
"We've got to get to the school.  We’ve still got that ride coming.”
With a shrug, he said, “You know, we could always hitch a ride there.”
“Hitchhike?  Like who would pick us up?”
Gary brushed his hand through his hair.  “We’re Tempests.  We can force someone.”
Another shudder crept over her skin as the whole day came rushing back.  “No.  We’re not getting in more trouble.  And please don’t remind me of what I am for a while.”  

* * * * *

Janelle’s feet ached and burned by the time they got to Palm Grove High School.  
They’d walked into the end of a football game.  Cars pulled out of the parking lot and the lights to the field dimmed, leaving the campus in darkness.  Hopefully they could blend in if the cops came looking this way.  Otherwise they might be screwed.  
“Great.  Witnesses,” Gary said, stopping near the curb.
“We’ll blend right in until everyone leaves.  Where’s our ride?”  Janelle looked back and forth across the parking lot for the blue dial-a-ride van that was supposed to pick them up at eight.  A nervous feeling bloomed in her stomach.  “Uh, Gary?  What time is it?”
“Probably eight-thirty by now.”  He glanced at the sky and shot her a grimace.  “I think we missed it.”
Janelle sighed and kicked at a piece of loose concrete.  A bunch of cheerleaders in a passing car pointed at her, but she didn’t care.  Thanks to the accident, they’d had to take detours to avoid patrolling cops.  She skulked over to the benches near the main entrance and plopped down on one, staring down at the flattened gum on the sidewalk.  “Why isn’t anything working out tonight?”
Gary sat down next to her, cramming his hands in his pockets.  His presence made her feel warmer in the dying light, but maybe it was just his body heat.  He lowered his voice.  “We could bum a ride off someone.  See any of your friends here?  I don’t know anyone, so it's up to you.”
The last occupied car was pulling out of the parking lot.  A rusty maroon one was parked nearby, but nobody was in it.
“Nope.  We’re screwed.”  A gust of wind blew over her, reminding her how cool the night would get.  She remembered the website for Your Transport Service.  “We’ll have to wait until tomorrow to do anything.  The dial-a-ride place shuts down at nine.”
Gary pulled himself up from the bench.  “Hey, I know a spot behind a strip mall where there’s a shed we can sleep in for the night.  It’s about a mile from here.”
Janelle shivered.  The thought of being on the streets all night weighed down on her, but the only other option was to return to her dad and find out what being a hurricane felt like.  She stood and clenched her teeth.  How could her dad go along with some Elder Council and make this demand on her?  If he'd given her any indication that he was going to help her fight it, se wouldn't be in this position right now.  “Let’s go.”
“Janelle?  Waiting for your folks to pick you up?”
Mr. Deville strode towards them, his whistle bouncing on his gray shirt.  Somehow, he was a welcome sight.
“Um…” she began, fumbling for an excuse.
“Great game, huh?” Her teacher leaned against the brick of the building.  “We’ve been waiting to spank the Cougars for years.”
“Yeah.  It was,” she said.  Something about Mr. Deville made her feel a little better.  Maybe it was the fact that he’d turned Andrina away in the office.  
“It’s getting awfully late,” he said, surveying the lot.  “You two have a ride home?”
Gary looked to Janelle and nodded.  They had one last shot, and she’d better try for it.  And her teacher would feel more sympathetic for a girl than a boy.  It was all up to her.
“I…I’m supposed to meet my dad so we can leave for the Bahamas tonight, but I missed the dial-a-ride that was supposed to pick us up,” she said, letting her voice wobble a little.  “He just flew in from a business trip so he’s waiting at the airport for me.  If he drives out here to pick me up, we’ll miss our flight and have to cancel our trip.”
Mr. Deville rubbed his chin.  “There’s got to be a bus or something you can take.  And who’s this?”  He gestured to Gary, but his tone was still as friendly as ever.
Crap.  “My cousin, Gary.  He’s going with us.”
Her teacher took a long look at him.  Way too long.  He could probably see right through her lie.  She and Gary didn’t share a single trait--except for--no, they couldn’t show him their Tempest marks.  
Her teacher nodded.  “Come on in here, and we’ll see if there’re any services that can get you to where you need to go.  I'll grab the phone book from the office.  Sounds like an important trip that you don’t want to miss.”  He produced a shiny key ring and went to unlock the main door as the sound of an approaching motor floated down the street.  
Janelle’s stomach dropped.  That motor sounded like distant thunder.  She’d heard that before, at the hospital.  No, it couldn’t be.  It was a fluke.  Why, of all places, would that black van show up here?
Mr. Deville froze in place, mouth falling open.  His expression hardened in an instant.  “In.  Quick.  Somebody’s coming.”  He waved them inside.  “I want you to stay out of sight.”
Janelle looked down the street.   Her heart seemed to stop.  Oh, god no.
A shiny black van with tinted windows rolled slowly their way, headlights glaring through the bushes like the eyes of some possessed beast.   
Mr. Deville pulled on Janelle’s other arm with a grip like iron.  “Now, Janelle.  They’re coming to talk to me.  I’ll put you in a classroom ‘til they leave.”
She didn’t resist and burst in through the doors, running beside Gary and her teacher.  Something clicked.  Mr. Deville knew about Andrina and her cronies.  It was why he’d turned her away yesterday.  And now they wanted to meet with him about something.  It all could mean only one thing.
“You’re a Tempest, aren’t you?” Janelle asked between breaths.
“Yes.  A lot of us live around here.”  Her teacher unlocked the classroom door, hands shaking, not showing a bit of surprise.  “We’ll talk later.  Lay low.”  He shoved the door open and waved them inside.
Gary dove into the classroom with huge eyes, silently begging her to follow.  She did, ducking out of the glaring light of the hallway.  
Mr. Deville shut them in just as the squeak of the main doors opening floated down the hall.  A set of high heels tapped closer.  A few other pairs of footsteps joined it.
Janelle exchanged a look of horror with Gary in the near darkness.  The cold metal of the filing cabinet soaked in through the back of her shirt as she trembled in place.  Had Andrina spotted them running into the school?  She eyed the windows for an escape route.  They could break them if they had to.  Things were going to get bad fast.  
“Hello, Hank.”  Andrina’s loud voice boomed through the hallway, sharp and cold as a razor blade.  “How is your evening?  Is the school cleared out?”
“Yes, Ma’am.  The last football players just left.  The janitor’s down at the bus garage, but she might come back any minute."
“If I can say something really quick—” a young man in Andrina’s group started.
Janelle’s bladder felt ready to let go.  Standing just feet away was the infamous Andrina in the form of a human.  Maybe Joey and Ivanna and Curtis had joined her.  
Andrina made a tsk sound.  Her voice grew lower and more threatening with each word.  “Look at where you are, Hank.  You ought to strive for something greater than coaching high school football and teaching those human kids, with your mother here in the Elder Council.  But maybe I shouldn’t expect too much out of you, after you leveled a few towns and started a relief fund for your own victims.  Don't you realize that they'd kill us soon as they had the chance?  What a shame for a Tempest with the blood of Camellia in his veins.”
Janelle let out a breath.  At least Mr. Deville wasn’t one of the really bad Tempests.
“Hey, I tried with him.”  An old woman’s voice rang out just outside the door. 
Mr. Deville sighed.  “Not now, mother.”
A spark of sympathy for her teacher came to the surface, but got drowned out in roar of her pulse a second later.
Andrina spoke again, voice level.  “Anyway, I’m paying all known Tempests in the area a visit tonight.  I’m offering a reward for the capture of a certain individual—the Janelle I was searching patiently for yesterday.  I have no idea what her last name has been changed to, so if you come across that information, I would greatly appreciate it.  Camellia, the official statement, please.”
The old woman—Mr. Deville’s mother—cleared her throat.  “Janelle, age sixteen and last name unknown, is currently wanted by Tempest High Leader Andrina L. Morgen.  If found or sighted, she is to remain unharmed and brought directly to Andrina or the Elder Council.  A substantial reward will be offered to whoever delivers her to Alara.  Janelle stands at five feet tall with blond hair and a slim build.  She may be accompanied by Gary Plankett, also age sixteen, who is considered a fugitive and for whom a reward is also being offered.”
Janelle cringed and tapped her fingers on her jeans.  Would Mr. Deville go for the reward—a double reward?  Teachers got paid peanuts.  If the door opened, she could run for the window across the room and break it open with a chair, and then they could make a run for the woods.  
“And we need her by the end of next week at the latest,” Andrina added.  “Her name is up on the list next.  Operation Reckoning will not wait.”
Next.  The word wormed its way inside her.
“Operation Reckoning?”  Mr. Deville echoed.  “You can’t be saying—”
“Yes.  Janelle’s the one with enough power in her to pull it off.”  Andrina sounded as if she were showing off a new car.  “I’ve been waiting years for this.  We need to be the first to strike, before the world learns of our existence.  It's our best chance for survival.”
 “You’re saying she’s more powerful than either of us?  We’re the two strongest Tempests on this side of the world.  How do you know this?” Camellia asked.  Even she sounded surprised.  “Who are her parents?”
“Do not question me, Camellia.”
More powerful.  It didn't make any sense.  Her?  
“Ma’am, if I can have a word.  It’s important.”  The voice of the young man cut in again.
“What, Kevin?”
“I saw two kids running into the building with Hank before I pulled into the parking lot.  It might have just been a couple of humans, but it doesn’t hurt to check the premises.”
Gary took her arm and tugged her towards the window, eyes were huge in the darkness.  They matched the panic exploding inside her.
Janelle raced after him.  And caught her foot on a table leg, which sent her sprawling to the floor. 
Pain surged through her elbow.  The table toppled behind her with a deafening crash.
Janelle froze and squeezed her eyes shut, waiting for it.  She felt like a wounded animal on the ground, ready to take the sinking fangs of a predator.  
The door flew open with a loud bang.  High heels tapped closer.  A hand seized the back of Janelle’s shirt and yanked her roughly to her feet, spinning her slowly around.
Her gaze landed on a group standing in the doorway: Mr. Deville, the young man in sunglasses—Kevin—and an old woman with loose skin and curly gray hair.  
Janelle tensed, ready to right, but a hand grabbed her chin and turned her head to the side.  
Andrina’s sharp face stared into her own, triumphant.  She smiled as if greeting a long lost relative.  “Hello, Janelle.”

Chapter Nine


A cry of revulsion rose up in Janelle’s throat.  She struggled to yank her wrist from the monster’s grip, but her strength matched her own.  She couldn't budge, and a picture of roofs sticking out of a flooded landscape loomed bigger and bigger in her mind, as if on a collision course with the rest of her.  
This monster had taken eight hundred lives.  Purposely.
Andrina’s shark grin grew wider.  She’d won, already.  Now, Janelle was trapped in the grip of someone far worse than her father ever could have been.  It had been a mistake to leave.  She wanted to go back to him, and now, even if he took her straight to the ocean.  Better his company than Andrina's.  “So you heard me.  All Tempests are born with different natural potentials, and you’ve got great power in you, Janelle.  You’re going to make history, like me.  But I doubt your father’s raised you with proper Tempest pride.  He wants us to live our lives apologizing for what we are.”  She glared over at Mr. Deville and then at Gary, who’d frozen near the window.  “There are so many disappointments in our world, but I know you will not be one of them."
Heart racing, Janelle thrashed against her grip.  There was a mistake.  Those words weren’t about her.  She couldn't be capable of anything like that.  “No!”
Mr. Deville voice quavered as he spoke.  “You can’t use this girl for Operation Reckoning.  The guilt would kill her.  I won’t stand for this.”
Andrina faced him, her words rolling like crashing waves. “Do not argue with me.”
Wait.  Her captor’s hand had loosened from the back of her shirt in her distraction.
Janelle ducked, breaking her grasp.  The classroom tilted around her.  She could run out of the school and flag down a passing car.  Even if they were a psychopath, she could defend herself.  Gary, too.  Tempest or not, she wasn't about to fight Andrina.  
 Andrina’s other hand shot out and caught her wrist, stopping her cold.  Now her voice dripped with sugar, but there was still a blade underneath, waiting to come out and slice at any second.  “Janelle, listen to me.  I have your best interests at heart.  You might be scared now, but your fear is misdirected.  The world is changing, and we need to--"
The monster never finished.  A fist swung at the side of Andrina’s face.  There was a clunk as her teeth clamped together.  With a jolt, she let go of Janelle’s wrist and staggered back, holding her other hand to her cheek.  Janelle caught her balance as Kevin rushed over to catch his leader before she fell into the corner of a cabinet.
Gary took her place, fists balled and nodding at some chairs nearby.  “Now!”
Janelle raced for them without thinking about what he was saying.  She lifted a chair in front of her to use as a shield.  To the side, Mr. Deville rushed to do the same thing.  Only when she had the chair in hand did she realize that Gary wanted her to fight with it.  
With a sickening twist of her insides, Janelle remembered.  She'd never fought anyone in her life.  Well, she had slapped a boy in kindergarten for throwing Leslie's lunch on the ground, and her father had grounded her severely for it, but beyond that she had no experience.  
Footfalls sounded as someone raced for her.  She whirled around, chair held high and mind blank.
“Umph!”  Kevin collided with it so hard that his sunglasses bounced on his face.   He hadn't been expecting this.
Shock ran up her arms, bending her elbows.  Janelle flew back into a table.  Pain surged through her back.  Yellow spots danced in front of her eyes.  Kevin was still rushing at her, clawing his way around the chair, but somehow, she found the strength to straighten her elbows and shove the chair back into him.  He flew back, hitting the file cabinet with a bang.
She'd shoved back a guy twice her size.  But there was no time to marvel. 
“Run, Janelle!”  Mr. Deville leapt in front of Andrina, pushing her into a desk.  
Camellia left the doorway and ran at her son, waving her arms.  “Hank!  Knock it off!”
The door was open.  Her teacher had given her an escape.  Janelle burst out into the hallway as sounds of struggle followed from inside the classroom.  Chairs scraped and something fell over.  Gary and Mr. Deville were still in there, outnumbered and facing the two strongest Tempests in existence.  
She stopped and whirled around.  Nobody had chased her out of the room.  A loud cry—probably Gary’s—rang out.  An invisible cord tugged her back.  She couldn’t leave him.  Not after he had saved her from a fate too awful to imagine.
Even if she knew nothing about her abilities, she had to try something.
Janelle bolted back to the room and stopped in the doorway.  The whole room seemed about to explode with tension.
Andrina held Mr. Deville up against the wall by the cuff of his shirt.  It was the only reason she hadn't come out after her.  
Camellia waved her arms at her boss.  “My son!  You’re hurting him!”
A breeze snapped through the room, blowing papers everywhere.  Camellia moved out of the way, revealing the worst: Kevin had Gary in a headlock.  Gary kicked his feet and gasped for air as his face turned a purple color.  Gary’s breaths grew more ragged by the second.  They'd kill him if she didn't move.  
“Hey!” she shouted, taking a bold step into the room.
It was as if someone had hit the pause button.  Kevin peeked over his sunglasses. Camellia whirled around.   Andrina glared in her direction, the gray in her eyes swirling.  If Gary's had been terrifying, hers were worse.  It was as if they were filled with a million screams drowning in terror.  Her sharp features had become a mask for what was really underneath.
The sight stopped her in her tracks, paralyzing her.  
Andrina’s knuckles grew big around Mr. Deville’s shirt.  “Camellia, restrain her.”
The old woman shook her head, her own gray eyes almost as formidable.  “Not until you release Hank.”
The sound of Gary's breaths seemed to have stopped.  She could use the distraction.  The cord of desperation tugged again as Andrina shoved her teacher back into the window.  She had seconds before that monster had a hold of her again.
Janelle seized a chair and lifted it over her shoulder.  It felt light as cardboard, but it could do major damage if she threw it.  Kevin seemed to realize this.  He froze, staring at her from behind his sunglasses.
“Let go of him.”  She sounded more confident now, and realized she felt the same.  Maybe all of them could escape.  
Kevin's grip on Gary loosened, and he sucked in a breath and elbowed Kevin in the ribs, the normal color rushing back into his face.  Gary broke free and joined her at the door, gasping for air as Mr. Deville peeled himself from the window.  Camellia and Andrina stood frozen near the desk to watch.  
“You can only hit one of us, sweetie,” Andrina said, smiling and ignoring the fact that Kevin was doubled over, grasping his ribs.  Her lack of concern melted the confidence building inside her.  She was right.  What if she didn't have control of this situation after all?  “And frankly, that’s not going to do a lot of damage.”
 Mr. Deville barreled past her, shoving her aside.  “Go!” he ordered, grabbing Gary’s arm and hurtling towards the door.
He was right.  Janelle threw the chair, watching it arc through the air and crash against a table inches from Andrina.  The noise almost made her reach for her ears.  
Andrina’s face contorted and she growled—actually growled—and shoved the table to the side.  It plowed through the rows of desks as if they were bowling pins.
Okay.  It was really time to go.  Janelle ran down the hall after Gary and Mr. Deville, breath loud in her ears.  Something fell from her pocket and clattered to the floor, but she didn't stop to see what it was.  The only thing that mattered right now was getting away from the Tempest High Leader and whatever plan she had for her.
Mr. Deville pulled out his keys as he slammed into the double doors, sending them flying open so hard they banged against the building.  The maroon car waited in the parking lot.  It didn’t seem so crappy anymore.  It was their ride out of here.
High heels hit the floor behind her, loud and desperate.  “Janelle!”  
She stole a glance back.  Andrina ran after them, teeth bared--but she was alone.  She’d reach them before Mr. Deville got the door unlocked.  Unless one of them did something, she'd reach the car before her teacher got it moving.
Janelle stopped, gaze darting around for anything she could use to slow her down.
“What are you doing?” Gary’s voice rang in her ears as his shoes squeaked to a stop.
“Go!  Get the car started!”  
He didn't.  A fire extinguisher hung from the wall nearby.  She took it and pulled out the pin, aiming the nozzle at Andrina.  What was she doing?  This couldn't possibly work.
But the Tempest High Leader slid to a stop two feet away, rage melting from her face as her jaw dropped open.  Her arms flew up in front of her as Janelle pulled the trigger.  A white spray erupted from the nozzle, showering Andrina.  She let out a scream, a human scream with no trace of growling wind or crashing waves.  The sound pulled at her chest.  For a moment Janelle wanted to stop—was she hurting her?  No.  This was Andrina, killer of hundreds.  She was doing the right thing.  
Andrina stumbled to the floor under the spray.  The foam sputtered to a stop, leaving the Tempest High Leader covered and shivering in fizz.  
Janelle dropped the empty extinguisher to the floor.  It rolled over to the wall with a metallic plink.
“Come on!” Gary shouted.
Janelle ducked out of the door he was holding open.  The headlights shined at her like a pair of eyes and the engine rumbled, pleading with her to hurry.  No arguments there.  She yanked the door open and dove into the backseat.  
“Janelle!  You’re betraying your people!”
Andrina stood by the exit door, the contents of the extinguisher covering her body like a foamy parka.  Baring her teeth again, she raised both palms.  
Janelle clawed at her jeans, bracing for the storm in the parking lot.  “Go.  Please!”  
A faint breeze whistled through the air…and died.
Mr. Deville stared on as Andrina let loose a cry of frustration and waved her hands again.  Papers blew across the parking lot, but they stopped after a few feet, as if too exhausted to go on.  
“I said go!” Janelle shouted.
“I agree,” Gary said, snapping on his seat belt.
Mr. Deville switched gears—finally.  “Hang on tight!”
Andrina ran towards the car, shaking off foam and raining clumps of it everywhere.  She’d reach them in two seconds.
Janelle pushed the lock down.  “Exit!”
The Tempest High Leader reached the door and tugged on it, face contorting with frustration, but it refused to budge.  The car sped forward with a squeal, breaking her grip and leaving her in the middle of the parking lot.


* * * * *


“Are we done with wild car rides for now?” Janelle sank into her seat several minutes later.  Breathe, she had to remember to breathe again.  “That was the second one tonight for me.”  Immediately she felt bad for sounding so rude, but the events of that night had destroyed that calm mask she'd worn all her life.  There was no longer a barrier between her and the rest of the world.  It was all gone, torn away, leaving any contact with it raw.
Her teacher turned onto a freeway entrance ramp.  “I hope so.  Sorry that happened back there.  I had no idea she’d show up again.”
“That wasn’t your fault,” Gary said, massaging his neck.  It was still red from the headlock.
 “And thanks for getting us out of there,” Janelle said, staring at the red around Gary's neck and hating Andrina even more.  What kind of life had he had, with Andrina as his guardian?  
The turn signal clicked off as her teacher merged onto the freeway, joining a river of red taillights flowing into the darkness.  “I think it’s safe to say we lost them.  But we’ve got to keep moving.  I’ll go ahead and take you to the airport.  Orlando, right?”  He stopped talking for a moment to let Gary nod.  “I’m sure she’s alerted every Tempest in the area that you’re on the run, Janelle.  She’ll probably even have a story about you printed tomorrow in Surge.”
“Surge?” she asked.  Things were looking better and better.
Mr. Deville turned to look at her for a second, as if unable to believe that she didn't know what it was.  “I suppose your parents haven't told you much.  That happens sometimes."  He put his attention back on the road.  "It’s the Tempest newsletter.  It’s printed in a secret alphabet so humans can’t read it if they were to get a hold of one.  I’m sure your folks will teach you how to read it soon.  Want to see?  I’ve got one in the glove compartment.”  He tapped Gary on the shoulder.  “If you could toss it back to her, that would be great.”
Gary opened the compartment and pulled out a paper with a crinkling sound.  Then he gagged.  “Why does it have to be last week’s issue?”  He tossed it back to Janelle as if it were swimming with slugs.  “Get rid of it!”
Janelle caught it off her lap, checking the paper over to make sure it wasn't really covered in slugs.  It wasn't.  The orange of passing streetlights illuminated the cover.  Instead of letters, spheres, triangles, plus signs, and crescents lined the paper in rows.  It looked somewhat like the secret code she and Leslie had made up back in the seventh grade to write letters to each other.
Another orange square of light passed over the page.  A satellite photo of a hurricane approaching Florida took up the upper half of the page.  There was only one thing it could be—Hurricane Gary.
A shudder raced over her for Gary's sake.  She folded up the Surge newsletter and threw it on the floor.  Gary was shifting in his seat, still recovering.  It was time to change the subject.  “How did Andrina seem to lose her power back there?  She couldn’t even open my door.”
Mr. Deville rolled down a window, letting the cool night air blast in.  “That stuff on her must have been freezing.  Anything cold takes a Tempest’s power away, even if they’re near the ocean.  It’s only temporary, so don’t get comfortable.  But it might be good for you to know.”
“Why didn’t you kill her while you had the chance?” Gary sagged in his chair, letting go of his neck.  
“Kill her?  I’m not like that.” Gary was honest, but did he have to be so blunt?  “I know I’m supposed to be this natural born killer, but—”
“Her rule would have ended,” Mr. Deville said, strangling the steering wheel.  “If she dies, maybe a Tempest with some morals could take her place.  She has no heir, so I'm not sure who the Elder Council would choose.”  He let out a breath and relaxed his grip.  “My family’s got no room to talk, though.  My mother took about five hundred lives when she changed in nineteen-fifty-nine and ripped through the Caribbean, and she doesn’t even care.  At least, I don't think she does.  You’ve heard of Hurricane Camellia, right?  Before Andrina, that was the storm everybody talked about.  It's not an easy fact to live with.”  His words sounded as heavy as bricks as they came out, and seemed to weigh down the air in the car.  
“That…that’s awful.”  Janelle leaned back again and closed her eyes.  Compared to that, her dad seemed human.  Ordinary.  
He must have not transformed out of his own free will, she decided.  But why did he want to inflict the same on her?  
The cruel voice in her head gave no answer.  Janelle listened to the hum of the car and the clunking of the freeway.  She was at home.  In her own bed.  Things were normal—and sane—again.  She’d wake up late and settle down at the kitchen table as her father made pancakes and scrambled eggs.  No talk of Tempests.  No talk of fake vacations or transformations or going into hiding, or—
“So when did you find out about Tempests?” Mr. Deville asked.
Her teacher's voice forced her out of the dream she'd left behind.  “Today.  Gary told me.”
“That’s more of a notice than what I got.  I found out what I was right after my mother sneaked up behind me and pushed me off the boat.  I thought it was a fishing trip.  I was twenty-one at the time.  Though I did always wonder why she never let me try out for wrestling.”
“I thought Tempests changed in their teenage years.”  She studied the passing lights of Laverne Medical Center and shuddered.  Only a week ago, there was no way she could entertain talking about this.  “You know, with me and Gary supposed to go at sixteen.”
Gary curled up in his seat and thudded his head against the window.  
Her teacher cleared his throat.  “Not always.  It’s different for everybody, and always before the age of forty.  Andrina went six years ago, at the age of thirty-four.  She couldn’t wait for it.  And of course you know she made her impact far worse than it needed to be.  If I’d drowned eight hundred people, I’d hang myself.”
Bile rose into her throat and burned the back of her tongue.  “She’s way wrong if she thinks I’m like her.”
“I think she was saying that you’ve got the strength to become like her.  Most Tempests don’t.  That must be why she wants to use you,” Mr. Deville said.  "How she'd know that, I have no clue.  
“Oh, great.”  Janelle’s stomach threatened to reject the macaroni she’d had earlier.  “So now you’re saying that if I touch the ocean I won’t just become a hurricane, but a Category Five hurricane?  Oh.  My.  God.”  She her hand over her mouth in case anything came out—likely, considering her day.  But her stomach calmed down, and she asked the dreaded question.  “What’s Operation Reckoning?”
After a long, tense moment, Mr. Deville asked, “Where do you want me take you?” 
“You didn’t answer my question.  What is it?  I think I ought to know since I’m the one needed for it.” 
He stole a look back at her.  “You’ve had enough bad news today, and you don’t need any more.  I suggest you work on staying away from Andrina so that you never have to find out.”

Chapter Ten


Traffic thinned as they headed out of town.  “You do realize why your dad’s taking you to the Bahamas?”  Mr. Deville asked.  His tone was gentle, careful.  "I'm assuming that you do."
Gary shot her a warning glance.
“Yes.”  It was the truth, and it made a sick feeling swell inside of her.  Janelle decided she had better pretend she was going along with the Natural Law.  If he found out she was running away…well, her dad would be happy to get her back.
“We’re meeting him at the airport,” Gary said.  So he was back to life, and it lifted the mood in the car a little.  “He wants to get her to the ocean before Andrina can take her.  I’m going too, because she’s not exactly happy with me.”
“Exactly.”  Janelle relaxed a little.  Not one word of this was a lie, at least.  
“I knew you were a Tempest when you told me about your house not taking any damage,” Mr. Deville said.  “That, and you mentioned your Bahamas vacation when you got your homework from me.  Your name’s also on the list Surge published this year, so it was pretty easy to make the connection."  
“Oh,” Janelle said.  She wanted to retract to some tiny point inside herself and hide.  
"Who's your Tempest parent, anyway?  Or parents, I should say?  Some people have one Tempest parent and other people both.  It can work either way." 
Janelle stiffened.  She shouldn't tell Mr. Deville in case her father came looking for her at the airport.  Her dad had grown up in Palm Grove, so there was a good chance her teacher at had least heard of him.  
“For me, it's my mom.  Annette."  Gary's voice cast a wall up in front of her, distracting Mr. Deville.  "My dad--he was human."
"Was?" she blurted, reminding herself to thank him later.  
Gary's silence was his only response as he twisted around in his seat and stared out the window again.  Janelle leaned forward and gave him a pat on the shoulder.   He still didn’t look up.
Her teacher glanced in the mirror at her.  "Janelle, are you scared?"  It was a complete change of subject, and she was glad for it.
"Yes."  There was no point in lying about that one.  "Kind of."
Her teacher stole a glance back at her.  “This is why a lot of Tempests keep this secret from their kids until it’s time.  It saves a lot of emotional upset.  For someone like you, Janelle, the transformation sounds horrifying, but you get a whole new perspective once you go through it.  It doesn’t feel great to know you’ve hurt people even by accident, but if you’re decent, you’ll give back.  Don’t let Andrina and her cronies fool you.  There are humanitarians among us."
A question had been burning inside her for some time now, stamped there by her father's desperate pleas for her to come back.  "Do you die or something if you don't change when it's your time?"  She had to know, to make sure she wasn't making some horrible mistake by running.  But if his answer was a yes, could she really turn back and let her dad take her to the ocean?  
Even Gary looked up at her question.  
“Some Tempests have delayed going in the past.  One guy fled to Alaska for three weeks when it was his time.  Then a woman locked herself in her basement back in the seventies when her name came up.  Neither of them died or suffered injury, but both of those times, they found that they couldn't stay away from the ocean for long.  The urge to go there got to be too strong after a couple of weeks, and finally they both gave in.  Curiously, while they were hiding, something weird happened.  No other Tempests in other parts of the world could transform when they jumped--or got pushed--in the water.  It was as if the entire cycle got locked up."
“Really?” Gary asked.  He shot a glance back at Janelle.  “Andrina never told me that.  Of course, I never really wanted to talk to her.”
Janelle straightened up in her seat, unsure if she felt relieved or more terrified.  She didn't feel any urge to go down and throw herself in the ocean.  In fact, the thought horrified her.  But would that change if she ran and stayed away?
And if Mr. Deville was right, could she save other Tempests from this fate by running, if she found some way to fight any urges to jump in the water?  If the ocean turned into a siren song, Gary could help her.  Hold her back.  Prevent her from coming back here, at least until the season had passed.  With his help, she might escape the fate the Elder Council had inflicted on her.  
Gary gave her another look.  His hazel eyes were wide with hope.  They spoke volumes.  We'll figure something out, they said.  
Mr. Deville interrupted her thoughts.  “Do you have a phone on you?  You should call your dad to let him know you’re safe."
Janelle reached into her pocket.  She could pretend to call him and her teacher wouldn’t know the difference.   
Her hand closed on the wad of bills and the picture of her mom, but nothing else.  
Gulping, Janelle searched her pockets again and lifted herself off the seat to make sure she hadn’t sat on it.  Nope.  It wasn’t under the copy of Surge or on the floor.  And she hadn’t left it at home—she’d shoved it in her pocket.  It had probably gotten lost—or crushed with her luck—during the accident.  Now she’d have to find a pay phone to call Leslie, if they even made those things anymore.  There was no doubt her friend was wondering what her message even meant.
“It’s gone.  My phone, I mean.”  Janelle let out a long sigh, leaning back onto the seat.  “Just my luck.  My whole life’s falling apart at the seams.”
“You can just meet your dad at the airport and let him know you lost it.  I’m sure he’ll count running into Andrina as a good excuse.”  Mr. Deville braked behind a slow-moving Cadillac.  “I hope it wasn’t one of those real expensive ones that brushes your teeth and keeps your appointments for you.”
“It was.  Birthday present,” Janelle said.  

* * * * *

The Orlando airport dwarfed the one in Flint, hands down.  But maybe that was good.  That meant it had to have a flight back to Michigan, and soon.  And there’d be plenty of room to blend in if someone came hunting for them.  
Mr. Deville got out of the car and started to make his way across the lot.  “I’ll come in with you in case Andrina’s sent anyone this way.  She has lots of connections, probably more than even the Elder Council knows.  They’re sure to check the airports.”
“Thanks,” Janelle said, though she really wanted to curse.  She shot a glance at Gary.  He grimaced at her.  Her teacher would discover their half-truth in minutes.   
She followed him past rows of cars, under lights, and into the enormous terminal building.  People jostled past them.  The scents of coffee and leather luggage filled the air.  Her teacher waved them through crowds of sleepy early-morning flyers and to a large glowing billboard that listed all the flights for the next several hours.  
Gary tapped Janelle’s arm and pointed to one near the top.  A flight would be leaving for Flint, Michigan in fifteen minutes.  
Janelle shook her head.  No way they’d buy tickets and get through airport security in time.  But one farther down listed another flight to Flint at seven.  That one would have to work.
“Ah!  This must be the one your father’s bought tickets for.”  Mr. Deville tapped the screen.  Just two slots above the second Flint flight, green text read Nassau, Bahamas.  4:45 a.m on time.  
Janelle's stomach turned.  “That’s probably it,” she said, mouth dry.  Had she stayed home, her dad would’ve booked that flight.
“He might be waiting around here somewhere.”  Her teacher surveyed the room.  “Probably by the gate.  Let’s go and we’ll check for him.”
“Maybe we should split up,” Gary said.  “He could be hanging out anywhere.  We’ll go check by the snack bars.  That’s where I’d rather sit and wait for someone.”
Mr. Deville rubbed a hand over his thin hair.  “You sure?  What if you run into trouble?”
Janelle looked around at the other travelers.  Men in business suits strolled past with cups of coffee.  A woman sat back in a chair, snoring.  Not dangerous.  “Do Tempests still have their powers this far from the coast?  And couldn’t we yell for security?”
“They’re nowhere near as strong here.”  Mr. Deville studied a nearby café.  “You’re right.  We ought to split up, but meet me right back here in half an hour, no later.  What does your dad look like?”
Janelle told him, keeping her description as vague as she could.  Mr. Deville nodded and headed for the gates.  He vanished around a corner and didn’t return.
“Dumb idea, Janelle.  We should’ve given him a false description,” Gary said, letting his hands slap on his jeans. “What if your dad really is here?  It’s totally possible he’d expect you to get a flight."
Janelle sighed.  “You’re a jerk.  You know that?”  A right jerk, but still a jerk.  "And besides, I'm a terrible liar.  He'd see through that."
“You’d be a jerk, too, if someone made you kill people two weeks ago.”
“Well, your guardian wants to turn me into the worst hurricane ever.  So I think I win.”
Gary shut up.  He couldn’t argue with that, could he?  But his gaze flicked over to the ticket counter and back to her.  Like something was way wrong.  “Speaking of her--”
He leapt at her and grabbed her hand, dodging behind the billboard like someone was shooting at them.  
“What—” she started.
Gary locked his fingers inside of hers.  “Shhh!”
A tingle ran up Janelle’s arm, but stopped cold.  A woman in a gray business suit stood at the ticket counter with a young guy in sunglasses.  It was Andrina and Kevin.  Somehow, they had figured out which airport to come to.
“Okay,” she said in a squeaky voice, squashing up against Gary.
The glowing board blocked the Tempest High Leader from view.  How?  Had they been followed?  She hadn't seen any trace of the black van following them once they'd left Palm Grove, but Andrina might have figured out they were headed to an airport and made a lucky guess.  
Seconds passed.  Gary’s breath blew against the side of her neck as he whispered in her ear.  “She’s gonna kill me for punching her.  See what they’re doing.  You’re closer.”
Janelle held her breath and leaned past the edge of the board as slow as she could.  
Kevin left the counter, a plane ticket in his hands.  He stared down at a small black object Andrina held out to him as she pointed him down the hall like a mother sending a kid to his room.  Kevin made for the gates as if he was going to miss his flight in less than two minutes.
A pit formed in Janelle’s stomach as she remembered.  Mr. Deville had gone that way.  Even if Kevin didn’t try to hurt him, it would alert him that they were here.  Andrina would start looking for her.  Gary.  
Would she kill him?
“Kevin’s going to catch a flight.   Andrina’s still out there,” she said, the muscles in her legs tight and ready to move.  Her chest grew tight at the thought of losing Gary.
Andrina turned slowly in a circle, taking in the plaza as if she could smell them nearby.  Like a shark ready to ram its prey.  
Janelle pulled back, wishing she were back with her father, no matter what the cost.  The second she heard those high heels, she’d book and scream for security at the top of her lungs.  It was the best chance she had.  Then, she'd call her dad and apologize.  If she didn't, his last memories of her would be tonight's, or worse--on television in her other form that she dared not imagine.
But the footfalls never came.  A minute later, a gray blur moved past them and down the main hall.  Andrina, probably hoping to catch them at the entrance.  
Janelle let out a long breath and made a mental note to herself not to go near the front of the airport.  “How’d she know we were coming here?”
Gary shrugged, peeling himself from the board.  The color slowly returned to his face.  “Well, this is the most likely airport we’d go to.  We’ve got to hide somewhere before she comes back.”
“Good point.  Also, I'm wondering if I should go and call--” Janelle made for the stores, but stopped.
Gary still held her hand.  Tight.
He released it and swallowed, red replacing the paleness of his face.  Gary turned away and waved her to the closest souvenir shop, where racks of T-shirts waited inside.  
She dodged between souvenirs and magazines, making her way as far back as she could.  Janelle's hand was tingling, and this time, it couldn't possibly have anything to do with the ocean.  “Mr. Deville’s going to get suspicious if we’re not waiting for him out there,” she blurted, noticing how Gary was looking away from her and shifting through a rack of shirts.  "Gary?"  Her chest constricted, but at last he turned to face her.  It was enough to show the last of the blush creeping out of his cheeks, and enough for the invisible straps to loosen from her lungs.
“We’ll have to get away from him eventually if we want to catch a flight without ,” Gary said, gripping the magazine rack.  He coughed, but it was a fake.  
"Good idea."  She suppressed her own cough.  He had only looked away from her to hide his blush.  She let the thought comfort her, and turned her mind to other things.  They couldn’t stand in here for the next six hours.  A guy with bright blue streaks in his hair sat behind the counter, and he glared at them like they were shoplifting or somewhere near thinking about it.  “Let’s buy new clothes and get changed.  It’ll help throw Andrina off when we’re out there.  It'll be safer to get our tickets after that.”
Gary nodded, mute.  He seemed lost in an ocean of his own thoughts.  Now, however, wasn't the time to ask about it.  Until they were on a plane, any conversation about what he was feeling would have to wait.
Janelle sifted through the shirts, searching for one that wasn’t gray like Gary’s.  At last she settled on a red tee that read Florida across the front.  “Here.”
Gary seemed to surface as he held up the shirt and grimaced.  “Is this some kind of joke?”
“What?”  Oh, duh.  The shirt had to remind him of what he’d done, of the horror he'd endured a week ago.  “Oh.  Sorry.”  The apology felt like it fell on its face.  She went through the shirts again, trying to salvage the situation.  “But they all say ‘Florida’ on them.”
“I guess you have a point.”  Gary let the red bundle hang against his side in defeat.  “It's a 'Florida' shirt, then.”
Janelle picked out a pink shirt and cap.  She couldn’t blow this now.  “I’ll suffer too.  I hate pink.”  
Gary gave her a small smile, but it might as well have been a full-fledged grin with the warmth it made her feel.
After paying, she and Gary bolted down to the bathrooms to get changed.  Janelle pulled the pink shirt on over her old one and wrestled her hair back into a messy ponytail and pulled it through the back of the pink hat.  The girl staring back looked like a middle school student, not a high school Honor Society member, and it didn't even bother her.  Now, to go out and call her dad and buy a plane ticket back to Flint.  She'd at least let him know she was going to be safe.  He deserved that much.  As for letting him take her to the ocean…no.  Unless there was some dire reason she had to do it--and Mr. Deville hadn't given her one--turning into a deadly force of nature was out.  
No other Tempests can change until I do.
That made dozens of hurricanes that couldn't slam into coastal cities or slaughter hundreds.
There could be no more Andrinas or Kevins or Camellias.  
Countless people would be spared if she ran away and found a way to keep her distance from the ocean.
She had every reason not to transform.  
And yet, a little spot of tension inside nibbled at her, refusing to die no matter how many words she threw at it.
Gary waited over by a drink machine, pressing himself against the wall.  She almost hadn’t recognized him in the red shirt.  “Now let’s lay low ‘til our flight leaves."
“Too risky.”  Janelle gazed down the hall.  Andrina could come back any minute.  Even in this huge airport, she’d spot them before the seven a.m. Flint flight.  They also still had Mr. Deville to worry about, as much as she felt bad about abandoning him with no explanation.  “Let’s take the first flight out of here, period.  We’ll worry about Flint later.  I’ve got eight hundred, remember?”
Gary shrugged.  “But we’ll have a lot less after we take our flight.  Whatever it is.”
“Come on.”
The line by the ticket counter was empty now at this hour.  Janelle drained her bank account on a pair of tickets on a red-eye flight to Las Vegas.  “Hope you don’t mind sand and cactuses,” she said to Gary.  "From there, we'll fly to Leslie.  I think I'll call my dad once we're away from here."
Papers in hand, they jogged for the gates and went through the security checkpoint.  Andrina seemed to have disappeared, much to her relief.  They stopped at the mouth of a huge room filled with rows of chairs and hanging television sets.  Some groups of people had gathered over by the Vegas gate and an attendant stood near the door, ready to pull it open.  
“Janelle!” someone called from behind them.
She froze, Gary with her, and whirled around.
Mr. Deville ran towards them, stomach bouncing up and down.  But that wasn’t the bad part.  Alongside him came a man with glasses and wavy brown hair.  
Her father had also come for her at the airport.


Chapter Eleven


She'd wanted her father several times earlier that night, but with her escape so close now, things had changed.  He would never let her through that door to the plane.  
“Janelle!”  Her father cut in front of Mr. Deville, eyes huge and relieved.
She dropped the paper, which rustled to the floor.  It was useless now.   
Her father pulled her into a hug, and Janelle returned it.  His warmth enveloped her.  It was safe, secure, a break from the nightmare that had closed in around her since Gary had revealed the truth hours ago.  But it didn't stop the heavy despair weighing her down, like an anchor chained to her feet.  She might be safer from Andrina and whatever Operation Reckoning was, but not from the rest.  Her chances of avoiding the transformation and saving countless lives were growing slimmer, and she didn't know what to do other than run through the terminal, away from her father.  Without another ticket and a flight leaving immediately, she would never escape.  
Gary appeared to her side, staring at her with those hazel eyes.  Don't give up, they said.  
“Oh, honey.  I didn’t mean to scare you earlier.”  He hugged her tighter as his hair tickled her cheek.  He wanted the best for her--didn't he?  Then why had he threatened to take her to the ocean earlier?  “I knew you’d probably come here, since this is the closest major airport.  Ed drove me.  I was so worried that you got on that 1 a.m. flight to Flint.  I saw Kevin running to that one.  At least, I think it was him.  I haven't seen him in years.”
Janelle pulled herself out of the hug and caught her breath.  Flint?  Kevin?  "He must have thought we were going to be on that plane."  At least they hadn't boarded that flight.  She very nearly had.
“Andrina might have sent him there to intercept you in case you go that way.  She might be here somewhere,” her father continued.  His look gave away his confusion.  "Though I don't see how--"
“She is,” Gary said. 
"How did she know we were going to be heading for Flint?" she asked.  There was no point in hiding her intentions anymore.  “I mean, the airport's one thing.  Our destination's another, so she must be onto us."  An idea struck her, one that might stall the coming horror for a little while.  "We’ve got to go home or get away from here as soon as we can.  And I left all my stuff at the house.”  Shifting leg to leg, she shot her dad a pleading glance, one that she hoped communicated everything she felt.  “I’m tired and hungry and I’ve got a headache.  I’m sorry about running away.  Really, I am."  In a way, that was true.  "I just want to get home.”
Her father ran his hand through his hair and faced her teacher.  “We’ve all got to get to the Bahamas.  There’s a flight there soon, right?”
“Not that I’m aware.”  Gary stuffed his hands in his pockets, trying to look casual, but the lie wouldn't work.  It fell to the floor, flopping and dying.
Mr. Deville glared at him, the realization coming over his features.  “There’s one at quarter to five, if I remember correctly.”
Behind her, the Las Vegas flight had started boarding, ready to leave her behind  She could run over there and scream all she wanted, and her dad would still catch her before the plane took off.  That, and today's airlines would never let on an emotional passenger.  
Her dad looked up and down the room, brushing his hand through his hair as he faced her teacher.  “Hank, you can’t stay here after crossing her.  Gary, I’m having a talk with you later.  Now we stay together.  Come on.”
“Um…don’t we outnumber Andrina?”  Icy panic raced through Janelle’s veins as her father pulled her down the hall.  She struggled to keep her voice level as she spoke.  “And I don’t have my bag.  Can we go back for it?  I can’t go without it.”
Her dad moved in between her and Gary and squeezed her arm with the same grip he must have used on the truck hours ago.  He kept his glasses trained on the space ahead of him, refusing to look at her.  “You won’t need your luggage.  Sorry, Janelle, b…but this has to be done.  Hank, watch Gary.”
The strength went from her legs and the hope from her body.  She couldn't help but feel angry with her teacher, who had saved her just to betray her like her father.  There couldn’t be that many Tempests, so her teacher would’ve recognized him.  They might have even known each other if Mr. Deville had grown up in the Palm Grove area.  Whatever the case was, she was a prisoner of the Tempest law, like Gary and the countless others before her.  The cycle would continue and people would keep dying in hurricanes if she wasn't able to escape.  
A huge weight settled on her shoulders like a pair of bowling balls, refusing to roll off.
Her father wouldn’t let go of her arm even at the ticket booth.  He took a long time refunding Janelle’s and Gary’s tickets and booking the flight to the Bahamas with one hand.  Meanwhile, Mr. Deville stood between her and Gary, blocking out her view of him with his girth.  Tempest or no, Gary couldn't overpower someone of his size.
“I’ll pay you back when I start work.  I promise,” her dad said, leading them back through security.  “There was no other way I was going to buy four tickets.”
A knot grew tighter and tighter inside Janelle.  He had put the wants of some Elder Council above her again.  “Don’t talk to me right now.”
The world blurred and faded into the background.  Her dad went quiet.  Gary walked alongside them with his head down and Mr. Deville breathing down his back.  
Janelle removed her shoes for the second time at the checkpoint.  She thought about screaming that her dad had a weapon, but it wouldn't work.  The metal detectors would prove her wrong and she’d get busted for a false alarm, arrested, and taken away.  But maybe it was better than becoming a hurricane.  Had to be better than killing people.  She might get in a lot of trouble for scaring the commuters around them, but her father couldn't break her out of a jail cell to take her to the ocean anytime soon.  Could he?  
Janelle opened her mouth, but her dad tugged her away from the metal detector as if he’d read her mind.  She tugged against his grip, but he refused to budge.  Judging from the narrow line of people behind her, Gary couldn't jump in and stop him until they were away from the checkpoint.
Her dad gripped her arm tighter and broke into a run.  The world tilted around her.  Plants.  A cleaning cart.  Mr. Deville, panting.  Gary, struggling to keep up.  He wouldn't leave her, at least.  He was the one force in the world that cared about what she wanted.
Another room opened up in front of her, and the gate in the middle read Nassau, Bahamas.  4:45 a.m. over the door.
 Janelle struggled to find something smart or sarcastic to say, but nothing came out.  Why did her dad go along with this Natural Law when he knew that her escape would stop these deadly forces of nature and save thousands of lives?  In the end, she could only manage a plea.  “Please, Dad.  Don’t make me do this.”
He shushed her as if she’d woken from a nightmare, speaking low enough so that the people seated nearby couldn't hear.  “It’s okay.  Trust me.  You only have to change once and life goes back to normal.  You’ll graduate high school, go to college, and be a great doctor.  This will not stop you from that.”
The gate to the Bahamas loomed ahead of them.  Its closed door looked like a steel mouth ready to open up and swallow her.  This wasn't about how this would affect her future career.  If she did transform--and kill--the churning guilt inside of her would never let her forget it, no matter how many life events she put between it and her.  The slump in Gary's shoulders told her that he would carry that weight for the rest of his life.  Her father might be carrying that weight also, and he had skirted around telling her that she would, too.  
Janelle shot a look at Gary as she sat next to her father, but he stared down at the floor as he took a seat.  He was giving up hope.    
She tried prying her arm from her dad’s grip.  It didn’t budge.  He only pressed it harder against the armrest.  She was going to the Bahamas whether she wanted to or not.  And then--
Think, Janelle.  She wasn’t doomed yet, and wouldn't be until she got on the boat.  That was hours from now.  Why couldn't her mother still be here today?  If her mother was in fact human, she might have helped her out of the situation.  Her phone, at least, would give her a chance to call Leslie, but it was gone.  Leslie was great at thinking things out under pressure, probably better than her by a long shot.
Mr. Deville elbowed her father, grinning.  “It’s a shame you had to cut off contact with us for so long, Lucas.  I would have liked to know I had a niece before today.”
Janelle stared right into her teacher’s smiling face, a jolt running through her.  “Huh?”
Her father pointed to him with his free hand.  “This is my little brother.”
“Only I’m not so little,” Mr. Deville said, patting his stomach.
Janelle struggled to process the words.  Her father had no family left here, unless--
"You never told me you had a brother."  The shock wouldn't let the anger creep in.  "Dad, you said you had no siblings.  Why--"
Her father was barely audible as he spoke.  “When you were born, I knew Andrina would want to indoctrinate you with her hatred for the rest of the world, along with other Tempest children.  We had to go into hiding, and to keep you safe, I needed to cut off all ties.  I even changed our last names from Deville to Duvall."  A smile crept back onto his face.  "Thanks to you, I've found my brother after fourteen years."
Thunderstruck, Janelle looked between the two men.  Her teacher…her dad’s little brother?  They didn't look much alike, except for their thin eyebrows, maybe.   And their eyes, which had the exact same gray shade.  “How come you didn’t tell me you had a brother until now?”
Her dad leaned closer, glancing side to side to make sure no one was close.  “Right about the time you were born, Andrina started talking about taking…violent steps…to protect Tempests from the rest of the world.  She's always been paranoid that we'll be discovered and hunted, Janelle.  She made plans to indoctrinate Tempest children with her philosophy.  You would have been ideal.  That's the real reason we moved to Michigan a long time ago.”
"It didn't work on me," Gary said defensively.  
“But you always told me it was so Mom could take care of her parents.”  What else hadn't he told her yet?  "Why is Andrina so…you know?"
Her father sighed as his gaze sunk to the carpet.  An invisible mountain had come down on top of him.  Had she asked the wrong question?  “She wasn’t always like that, Janelle.  At least, not on the outside.  Maybe she hid her anger and fear until she took the role as Tempest High Leader.  We were fooled.  I was, and it cost me.”
A long, heavy silence followed.  Her dad put his face in his free hand.  She forgot about the fact that he still had her arm pinned with the other.  Now wasn't the time to ask her other pressing question, but she found herself blurting it out:
“Was Mom a Tempest?”
“Tina was human,” he said without hesitation.  “I miss her so much.”
Her teacher—or uncle—spoke up.  “I didn’t know you got married ag—”
“Yes.  It’s a shame I never got to introduce her to the family.”
Janelle clutched her dolphin necklace with her free hand.  Her mom wasn't a killer.  She hadn't deserved to die that winter night.  She squeezed the armrest tighter as the injustice of the world pulsed through her.  Her mother was dead way before her time, while Andrina and Kevin and Camellia--
No!
Mr. Deville was Camellia’s son, and her dad was his brother.
She had to ask before someone came along, and they couldn't talk anymore.  "Is Camellia my grandmother?  Please say no.”
Gary lifted his head, eyes almost popping out of his face.  Mr. Deville blanched, gripping the armrests of his chair.  That pretty much answered her question.
Her father swallowed.  “Yes.”
Sorry, Gary mouthed to her.
“Hank told me about what happened at the school, but I’m sure she had no idea who you are.  She mentioned that she didn’t know who your parents were, right?” her dad asked, apologetic.
Janelle nodded.  All the horrible things her teacher had said about her swirled in her head, finally gathering in her stomach and threatening to bring up her dinner.  “That doesn’t make me feel any better."
“I haven’t had contact with her in years, either.  But when you get back home, I’ll have her give you a big apology.”
 “Who said I wanted anything to do with her?"  Janelle buried her face in the crook of her arm.  She couldn't take any more news like this.  
“Janelle, she’s nowhere near what Andrina is,” Gary said, his tone uncertain.
“She’s not all bad, Janelle.”  Her father patted her on the back.  “She might not be the nicest of us, but she’s not the worst, either.  Your grandmother did a decent job raising us.  And she will feel bad once she finds out who you really are.”
Her throat locked up.  Good mother or not, she had still murdered hundreds.  Did she regret it at all?  Did it bother her at night as she drifted off to sleep?
Her father shifted in his chair to face his brother.  “That’s why Andrina’s after her.  Janelle must have inherited Mom’s power.”
His words came down on her like a life sentence, but before she could react, a woman near the gate opened the door and announced that the flight had started to board.  Her father stood, pulling Janelle to her feet.  
A flash of terror surged through her.  Her father knew she might slaughter hundreds, and yet he was still pulling her towards the gate.  She tugged.  Her wrist didn’t slip.  "Let go!"
Her father glanced at her.  One of his eyes looked a little wet around the corner.  “I can’t.  You’ll run.  Andrina might still be here.  Please, control your emotions.”
Gary let out a breath as they drew closer to the gate.  No one spoke.  What if they went straight to the boat when they left their flight?  It seemed likely—her father wouldn’t want to hold onto her arm for long.  
Hank and Gary handed their tickets to the woman and moved down the tunnel to the plane.  Gary shot a glance back to Janelle before vanishing from sight.  He'd given up the hope he had   Sorry, Janelle.
Her father handed the tickets to the attendant with one hand.  “Come on,” he whispered, pulling her towards the mouth of the gate.
A woman called out from behind them.  “Oh, Lucas.”
Uh, oh.  Not again.  
Her father whirled around, releasing Janelle.  
She took a step to run but stopped cold.  Andrina stood ten feet away, hands folded over her chest.  Fury churned in her eyes as she stared at her father.  “Come here.”
“Janelle, go,” he said.  “They won’t let her on the plane.”
Janelle found herself unable to move.  The plane--and Gary--waited behind her.  Her transformation was waiting there, too, on the other side of that flight.  Escape might wait down that hallway and past Andrina, but the might was too risky.  Her father wouldn't want her to kill hundreds, even if he had betrayed her in every other way.  That, she knew somewhere down on the bottom of her chest. 
Andrina walked closer, taking each step slow.  She gave a friendly smile, but it was a deception.  "Hello again, Janelle."  She turned to her father, not dropping her friendly tone.  "I can't believe you thought you could hide her from me for so long.  I have every right to--"
 “Stay away from Janelle.”  Her father’s voice took on a trace of a growl.  
Janelle flinched.  She was seeing another aspect of him for the first time, one he had kept hidden under his own mask for decades.  
Silence.  Andrina stared right at her, gray eyes boring right into her soul.  The corner of her mouth twitched.  Like she wanted to say something that she’d held in for a hundred years.  Something crushing.
A prickle raced across Janelle’s skin.  She couldn't risk it.  “Come on, Dad.”  Her heart hammered against her ribcage as she pulled on his sleeve.  “I’ll go.”
The ticket woman looked from Andrina to her father and back again.  “Please, sir.  The plane can’t wait for you.  And if you don’t have a ticket, ma’am, I’ll have to call security.”
The friendly face dropped away as Andrina's eyes seemed to darken to a more ominous gray.  “Fine,” she snapped, storming back towards the hallway.  Pulling a phone from her pocket, she crossed the room and vanished into the thickening crowd of travelers.

* * * * *

“How come she gave up so easy?”  Janelle sat near the window and watched her father take the aisle seat, effectively blocking her in.  At the moment, she didn't care.  At least she was away from Operation Reckoning.  
“What happened?” Gary asked from across the aisle.  
Janelle twisted in her seat to answer him, but her dad interrupted, keeping his voice down to a mumble she could barely understand.  “She’s not stupid, Janelle.  An airport’s the worst place to cause trouble, even for our kind.  There’s no way she could’ve fended off all the security.  They shot a guy one time for trying to run onto a flight he wasn’t supposed to be on.”
“If she’s not stupid, how come she came after me at the school?  She has to know only your parents can pick you up from there.  It's the policy in every school.”
“Good point,” said Gary, leaning forward in his seat.
Her father started to wipe off his glasses.  The wall of silence had gone back up, and with the vacationers filling the seats around them, she couldn't tear it down anytime soon.  They wouldn't be able to talk much on the flight about any more Tempest business.  
Janelle sank back into the seat and looked ahead at the vacationers surrounding them.  If she wasn’t a Tempest, she’d be going on vacation, too.  Enjoying the beach and the water, not running from it.  The silence finally got so awkward that she had to say something, even if it was generic.  "At least we’re going to be away from her.”
“I didn’t say she was done coming after us.  She has money and contacts and she knows where we’re headed, which is why we’ve got to meet Deon faster than ever.  That includes a private jet."
The plane took off.  Gravity pushed Janelle back into her seat.   Houses and car headlights grew smaller below her.  She stifled back a cry as she remembered what was waiting for her at their destination.  When they landed, they’d be in the Bahamas and she’d be mere hours—or minutes—from her transformation.  
Gary started to snore after fifteen minutes.  The exhaustion had finally claimed him, and there was nothing he could do now, anyway.  Her own eyelids drooped, but she couldn’t stop staring at the carpet of clouds below them as the sun rose.  What did it feel like to be a hurricane, anyway?  Was it anything like this, drifting miles above the earth and looking down at the land below?  Her stomach turned at the thought of becoming one.  She might be the next Andrina or Camellia, even without Operation Reckoning.  Her father had to understand that, and yet he wasn't turning back.   
Hot tears gathered in the corners of her eyes and threatened to start spilling out.  Turning away from her father, she wiped them away on her sleeve.  No.  She wouldn’t bawl.  When the time came, she’d fight with all she had.
The clouds parted some time later, and the ocean sparkled miles below.  Another tingle swept through her body at the sight of it.  For a moment she imagined diving into the clear waters.  Letting them sweep over her.  Allowing her full power to burst free of this tiny, restrictive body and to—
The urge.  It was happening, like Mr. Deville said it would.  Janelle scooted away from the window.
Her father wrapped his arm around her.  “It’s okay.  I know you’re nervous.”
She didn't pull away.  Better him than the ocean and its pull.  Janelle closed her eyes and listened to her own breathing.  She could pretend to sleep and think up a plan.  She’d have more strength in the Bahamas, being closer to the ocean.  So would Gary.  But nothing came.  Her money was gone, so she'd never make it back here.    
Minutes passed, then an hour.  After a while, the hum of the airplane quieted as the pilot started to cut the power.  Panic blossomed in her gut, forcing her eyes open.  
The sun had come up by now.  The plane descended through puffy clouds.  Land—and ocean—whizzed by out the window.
Gary woke and jumped as the plane landed with a jolt.  Pavement flew past outside and the sun beat into the window.  They’d arrived.
The plane swung around quickly—too quickly—to the terminal.  Janelle prayed for some kind of delay.  A psychotic passenger.  Some kind of quarantine for a strange disease.  Anything.  But no luck.  The plane stopped and the pilot welcomed them to the Bahamas.
Janelle’s father took her arm again as they disembarked and entered the airport.  Gary and Mr. Deville dragged their feet behind them, yawning.  
“You awake, Gary?” she asked, trying to sound casual.  You ready to make a break for it, Gary?
But Gary seemed to get it.  His eyes darted back and forth.  He was looking for a good place to run.  His gaze landed on a maintenance hallway to the left.  That might work.  Janelle tensed, ready to break away from her dad as soon as the crowd parted.
But no.
“Lucas!”  A tall, dark-skinned man weaved through the crowd with a wide smile splitting his face.  He took her father’s hand and shook it, slapping him on the back.  “I haven’t seen you in sixteen years!”
Her father turned his head to face her.  “This is Deon.  Deon, Janelle.”
The man beamed at her, showing huge teeth.  His gray spiral birthmark stood out on his left arm.  “And I haven’t seen you, well, ever.  Your dad never had time to introduce you to anyone.”  
Janelle tried to shrink away and scowl at him.  She had no reason to hide her anger now.  She wanted them to know what this was doing to her.  Wanted him to know she hated him.  How many unsuspecting Tempest teenagers had he taken on fake scuba diving lessons?  
Deon looked to her father, his smile vanishing. “She knows, doesn’t she?”
Her dad lowered his voice.  “We’ve got to get to the boat now.  Andrina knows we’re here.  Do you have it ready?”
“Uh, oh.  It’s at the marina.  Come on.”  Deon waved them through the crowd.  “Sorry about the short introduction.”
"That's okay," her father said, dragging her along.
Mr. Deville squeezed in between her and Gary again, bumping him out of the way with his larger mass and seizing her other arm.  
“Do we really have to rush like this?” she asked, scraping her shoes against the carpet to slow down.  It wasn’t helping much.  
Her father stared straight ahead through the crowds, so intent it seemed he was trying to part the crowd with his gaze.  “Yes, we do.  We don’t have time for anything.”
They moved through the security checkpoint, jostling past vacationers.  Her father kept his lips pressed tightly together in this tight crowd.  Mr. Deville made an off-hand comment about the weather, for the benefit of the people around them more than her, but nothing came from her dad.  No generic words of comfort.  No assurance that there was a good reason behind this.  No anything.
A pair of security officers pushed bins of shoes through the metal detectors.  Janelle shot one of the men a wide-eyed glance, but he turned to hand a really loud family their stuff.  The hallway widened into a huge main plaza where voices echoed everywhere and luggage rolled past.  Morning light poured in through glass windows and cast bright rectangles on the floor.  Food smells filled the air, but they only made Janelle’s stomach feel worse.    
Deon picked up his pace and held the doors open.  Fresh air with a faint salty smell washed over Janelle.  Another tingle swept through her body, and with it, a spike of panic.  It was close.  The ocean—and her transformation.
Her feet slapped against the pavement as they neared Deon’s car, a little gold one under a palm tree.  The sound grew louder and louder in her ears.  
“In, honey.”  Her father opened the door and steered her into the backseat.
Janelle slid along the leather, going for the door on the other side.  It was her last escape.
But no.  Mr. Deville opened it and took the window seat as her father came in behind her.  She was stuck sitting between them.  They’d blocked her in.
Gary slammed the door once in the front passenger seat.  “Why can’t you give Janelle a break?”
He was still trying after all.  It gave her hope.  She couldn't give up yet.
Her father swallowed.  “We’re not Andrina, Gary.  And you know the law.”
“But you’re doing the same thing she did.”  He pounded the glove compartment, which fell open to vomit Deon’s papers and CD’s all over the floor.  The anger and the pain emanating from him rolled back and filled the entire car, making her tense 
“No, we’re not.”  Her father sucked in a breath and spoke louder, for her as well as him.  “I’m just making sure things aren’t any worse than they have to be.”
Aren't any worse than they have to be.  Something about the way he said it made it sound like this was her inescapable fate after all, that that it had been stupid to even try to avoid it.  Maybe he was right, and there really wasn't a way out?  He must know more about this kind of stuff than she did.  
Janelle felt too miserable to argue.  All she could do was hug her knees as Deon started the car and made his way out of the lot.


Chapter Twelve


“I can't do this,” Janelle blurted as her vocal cords started to unlock.  
She looked past Gary’s messy hair and ahead at the palm trees, blue skies, and pink buildings as they rolled through traffic.  Paradise.  If she had stayed ignorant of her Tempest status, she would have come here happy.  With no escape from her fate, but happy.  It would have saved her a lot of suffering, because there was nothing anyone could say to her now that would make her feel better.
Her father started to say something, but Deon slammed on his brakes as a green truck cut them off and sped through a yellow traffic light.  “What an idiot!  What’s so important that they have to nearly kill us?”
“Calm down,” her father said as the car stopped at the light.  He took a deep breath.  “We’ll be sailing soon and it won’t even matter.”
Sailing soon.  Janelle seized the armrest, watching her fingernails blanch.  She thought of that scene from the Wizard of Oz, with the red hourglass running down and rapidly draining its sand.  “If this really has to be done for some reason, pick someone else to change instead of me.  The Elder Council won't know the difference, right?"
Mr. Deville cleared his throat.  “It’s against the Natural Law to take another Tempest’s place.  Well, unless you were to die before you could change.  Then, there’s a screening process to pick someone with a natural potential like yours.”
The spike of panic returned, and her voice quavered.  "I didn’t ask for this.  Dad, say something."  
Her father squeezed her shoulder as his eyes locked on hers.  “Control yourself, Janelle.  If you know how to now, you’ll spare more lives when you change.  It’s what Gary did, and what Hank did, and what I did.  If you don’t, you risk becoming like Andrina.  I’ve been teaching you to restrain your emotions all your life for a reason, and this is it.  I have confidence in you.”
In front of her, Gary's shoulders slumped under the weight of his guilt.  Even Mr. Deville's had gone down.
So this was what her dad had prepared her for all her life.  To become a hurricane.  It was the real reason they'd moved.  Were all her classes for this, too?  She’d choked on so many ugly truths in the past day that she wouldn't be surprised. 
Her father gave her a pat on the shoulder.  “We’ll talk more on the boat, honey, once you’ve calmed down.  Deon keeps some handouts that we'll go over.  They'll have some answers you need.  You’ll feel better.  I promise.”
Sure.  Once she was spinning over the Atlantic.
Her dad didn't speak any more.  He seemed lost in thought, silently preparing for what was to come. Minutes wore on as pinks, yellows, and greens rolled by.  People walked along the sidewalks with bags while she was trapped behind glass in this nightmare.  How much longer before they got to the marina?  Not long, she knew.  Her palms tingled.  Her mouth went dry.  Her throat locked up as a cry tried to escape her, but she held it back, angry at herself that she was doing what her father said.
Deon made a turn past a colonial-style building and down a road lined with streetlamps.  Downhill, the blue of the ocean stretched out as far as she could see and sparkled like broken glass.  Rows of white boats bobbed up and down along a fenced dock.  
Janelle’s heart leapt into her throat as a painful spasm gripped her stomach.  Would it be worth it to go on the boat and learn whatever truth her dad wanted to tell her?  But if she got on, there would be no turning around or going back.  She needed to stall at all costs.
“I’ve got to go to the bathroom before we go," she said, crossing her legs.  “Sorry, but I couldn't go at the airport."
“My yacht has one,” Deon said.  “It’ll be a two days’ journey before we’re out to a point where you can change.  I’m ready to have four people for that time.”
The ocean loomed larger as the car rolled closer to a closed gate.  The now-familiar tingle spread through her limbs, threatening to devour her.  She squeezed her legs tighter together, squirming.  “It’s an emergency.”
Her words fell on deaf ears.  Deon leapt out of the car and undid the marina gate, sliding it open as if it were a piece of cardboard.  
Her father faced her, forcing a smile.  “His yacht's not a very lavish one like Andrina’s, but it can meet our needs for a few days.  I sailed out in it when my mom took me to Bermuda.  It’s quite comfortable.”
"Stop trying to change the subject," she said.  "Please, either just tell me what's on those handouts you want me to read or let me go use a bathroom.  Preferably both."
Deon hopped back into the car before her father could respond.  “Let’s go set sail.”
“Geez, let her go to the bathroom.” Gary glared back at her father.  
“No,” Mr. Deville and her dad said at the same time. 
The car rolled past the pink marina office and turned into the parking lot.  The green truck that had cut them off earlier sat there, but no driver occupied it.  Several couples walked down the docks—away from them, of course—and onto their boats.  One was pulling out of the row and turning around to depart into the beautiful day.  A blood-red sail flapped on top of one of the boats as if beckoning to her.  
The color seemed to settle inside her like a warning, refreshing her terror.  If I get on the boat, I'll kill people.  Nothing her father could say would change that.  
Deon shifted the car into park.  Her father took her arm and pushed open his door without a word.  "Come on.  It's right down the row."
Icy panic raced through her veins.  Janelle slid across the seat, flailing and catching her foot on the rim of the door.  But with another tug from her dad, it slipped and landed on the pavement outside.  
With a yank, she broke her father’s grip and backed against the hot car.  Escape.  She needed one, now.  She could run.  Scream.  Someone would come.  The gate stood tall at the top of the hill, but she had to go for it.  
Janelle whirled around just in time for Mr. Deville's chubby frame to appear to block the way.  She slammed into him as his arms wrapped her in a bear hug.  Gary tugged at him from behind, but it was no use as her father caught his arms.
Mr. Deville’s grip tightened around her.  “Boat.  Now.”  
Everyone else had left, leaving only a seagull to peck at some crumbs on the concrete.  The manned yachts were pulling farther and farther away, leaving them alone.
“Come on.  Quick,” her father said, leading Gary towards the docks.  All the fake joy had left his expression and stride.
Words had abandoned her.  Janelle dragged her feet against the concrete, then the planks of the dock as Mr. Deville forced her ahead.  Another stiff ocean breeze hit Janelle’s nostrils.  The water rippled feet below.  If she could only climb over the rope fence and dive in--
No!
A monster was devouring her from the inside, but could she do anything to slow it down?  She felt as if a hole had opened within, and she was falling in, drowning in its waters.
Deon stopped, peering around the hull of the next boat.  Her father barely stopped in time to avoid smacking into him.  Deon let loose a long string of swearing.  “They…they…”
Mr. Deville forced her past the sailboat and stopped.  One of the yachts—Deon’s from the look on the man’s face—had listed back like the sinking Titanic.  Cushions, curtains, and even a life preserver floated out of a large hole in the side.
“Who did this?” her uncle said behind her, unable to hide the nerves in his voice. 
Janelle could barely hold in a huge sigh of relief as she stared at the boat.  She nodded to Gary, and he returned it but said nothing.  What had really happened passed between them in silence.  Andrina had ordered someone to do this, so Janelle couldn’t go out to sea yet.  
The green truck cutting them off in traffic came to mind.
Her relief was short-lived.  This meant Andrina knew where she was headed, and whoever had come out and done this must still be--
“Hi, Deon.”  A high-pitched female voice floated down from the neighboring sailboat.
Janelle jumped in place and followed the voice to see a young woman with curly black hair on top of the sailboat, smiling down at them.  She had one arm wrapped around the mast of the blood-red sail, and her pink tank top did nothing to hide the gray spiral on her left arm.  
“Ivanna!”  Deon’s voice echoed off the marina office.  Then he lowered his voice.  “Tempests aren’t supposed to do this to each other.”
Janelle shot Gary a look of horror to watch him return it.  Ivanna?  Another infamous hurricane?  Every one of them must be walking around in human form, among normal people who were unaware that they had killers in their midst.  She could never look at the world the same again.
“Well, if you hadn’t kicked me out, maybe I wouldn’t have done this.”  She waved as if swatting a bug away.  “Even so, it's nothing that personal.  Economy's tough right now, and I'm just looking for a bit of cash."
Deon clenched his fists, aiming insults at her.  Her father took his shoulder and gave it a desperate squeeze.  Even though he wasn't facing her, she knew what it meant.  
Andrina couldn't be far behind.  Without a boat, they couldn't stay here.  
Mr. Deville beat her to it.  "We need to leave, Deon."
Her newfound uncle released her, only to take her arm a second later.  Gary and her father ran behind her, shoes pounding on the boards under them.  At the moment, she didn't care.  Wherever they took her, it was better than Andrina catching up with them, and it was certainly better than Operation Reckoning.  
A metallic squeal sounded somewhere down the dock as Ivanna let out a cry.  A whoosh cut through the air, getting louder and louder.
Janelle started to freeze before she saw it, Mr. Deville right with her.  Something red and white crashed down between the dock and the parking lot, splintering boards and blocking the way.  The dock trembled underfoot.  Janelle gripped the rope fence and skidded to a stop, burning her palm.  
An entire sail—and its mast—lay between them and the parking lot.  On both sides, only ocean waited, leaving them no escape.
Her father appeared at her side, slapping her on the back and freeing her from the numb shock spreading through her limbs.  “We can remove this.  We’ve got to leave before Andrina gets here.”
Her father was asking her to lift a thousand-pound mast and toss it aside.  She glanced at her small arms again, but another tingle through her body reminded her that it was a deception, like it or not.  
"Okay."
Janelle hooked her palms under the mast.  Red fabric pushed against her face, infusing her hair with electricity.  Her hair stood up with static electricity.  Behind her, Gary could only watch, unable to squeeze in without going off the side of the dock.
The sail started to lift like a huge piece of rice paper, barely weighing down on her arms as she hoisted it up.
Her father lifted beside her.  “Just throw this off the side and we’re home free.”
“I can’t be doing this.”  Janelle lifted the pole up to her chest level.   She could see the pavement of the parking lot now.  Higher.  More of the parking lot came into view, and then a pair of high heels, and then a pair of slender gray pant legs, marching towards the other side of the sail.
With a lurch of panic, she realized they were too late.  “Dad, put it back down!”
Her father’s glasses shined in the sun as his mouth fell open.  “Why?”
Janelle didn’t get a chance to answer. 
A third pair of hands seized the pole from behind, stretching out the sail like a tiger's claws struggling to rip through.  With another whoosh, it sailed through the air and crashed onto the top of another boat.  Something shattered, echoing off the building.
Gary muttered a curse behind her, unable to hide the panic in his voice.
Andrina stood at the mouth of the dock, wearing a triumphant smile.  The bright sun only made her eyes darker in contrast as she stared down her father.  “I know you too well, Lucas.  Relying on your old friend again to cart her away from me?”
Janelle hugged herself and backed into Gary.  He took her arm and squeezed.  The whole world seemed to shrink around Andrina, leaving her the only thing that mattered.  
Her father made to move between them, to act as a shield, but Andrina peered around him and smiled at her, the glare melted away.  “There's no reason to be scared of me, Janelle."
And so said the killer of eight hundred.  Janelle pressed closer to Gary, so close his breath blew against her ear.  She wished she could say something, but the Tempest High Leader's presence itself seemed to have shut down that part of her.  Could she fight, then?  She had back at the school, but it might not be worth risking here, so close to the ocean.  Even Mr. Deville and Deon weren't making any moves.  Andrina could summon up a huge wave or two and wash her off the dock, and she wouldn't know how to fight back.  
Her father spread his arms before the Tempest High Leader, pleading.  “Please, Andrina,” he spoke with a faint tremble in his voice. “Listen to me for once.  I know what you're planning to do, and I promise you that Janelle will not have a part in it.  Our purpose is not to murder.  Deep down, you know this.”
Our purpose is not to murder.  Her father sounded so sincere speaking it.  Even in her near-panic, Janelle could sense a tiny bit of peace inside, telling her that maybe things could turn out all right after all, somehow.  But it blew away a second later.
Andrina took a bold step towards him, the grays of her eyes deepening to their more ominous shade.  “Do you think the world wouldn’t try to kill us if they discovered our existence before we can take control and protect ourselves, Lucas?"  Her father remained silent.   "I’ve gone over this so many times with you.  What human could ever knowingly love a Tempest?”  She turned to Gary so fast that he jumped in place.  “Your human father abandoned you and your mother when he found out what you were.  Thanks to him, she’s a drunk and I had to take you on.  Your situation is a mild example, by the way.”
Gary tensed next to her.  His grip grew tighter on her arm as his shoulders rose.  
His slump.  His pain.  Being a Tempest was only part of it.  He'd kept so much more buried underneath, like the body of an iceberg under the ocean.  She couldn’t help but turn to him.  "Gary, I never knew--"
She had no chance to finish.  The Tempest High Leader gazed past Janelle.  “Now, Ivanna.”
Before Janelle could turn, a sharp pinprick jabbed into her right arm, piercing and burning.
“What?”  She glanced down, wincing in pain.
Andrina's speech had been a distraction to make her forget that Ivanna was still on the dock with them.  The crazy woman pulled a syringe half-filled with a blue liquid out of her skin.  
With a cry, Janelle yanked her arm away.  A drug, and some of it was pumping through her veins already.  She fell back against the rope fence of the dock, barely catching her balance and urging the pain in her arm to ebb away.
The air around her exploded with noise.
“What did you do?"  Gary bolted for Ivanna, fists balled.  
Panic filled her father’s voice.  “Hank, get her out of here.”  
Ivanna was pushing past Gary now, teeth grit, readying the syringe to finish the dose.  Mr. Deville ran for her, seizing her arms and wrestling for the syringe.  The sounds of their scuffle seemed far away, distant, at the end of a long tunnel.  A wave of light-headedness swept through Janelle’s body.  Her knees wobbled like they wanted to give out.  No.  She’d fall.  
The shot.  It was affecting her, already.  
Janelle sagged against the railing and looked up at the passing clouds.  They looked like giant cotton balls, and if she could just jump up to one, she could float away…Get it together! She looked down at the whitewashed boards of the dock and sank to her knees with a thud.  If she didn't fight the drug, Andrina could push her into the ocean.  
Feet trampled nearby as Ivanna growled and slapped at the others.  Mr. Deville cried out, pulling the syringe out of his arm and dropping it.  Gary’s foot came down on it.  Shards of glass flew across the wood.  
Janelle scooted away from the broken glass, drowsiness creeping under her eyelids like an invader.  
Mr. Deville slumped onto the fence and listed back too.  Andrina grabbed her father’s collar and hoisted him into the air, but Deon appeared in front of her, blocking the view.  “Get up, Janelle.”  He took her arm.  “I’ll drive you out of here.”
She shook her head, wobbling as she stood.  Yes.  Get out of here.  “My dad.”  It was all she could manage.
A roar like raging wind and crashing waves sounded through the air.  Janelle jumped in place as Deon whirled around to face Andrina. 
Andrina ground her teeth and shoved her father forward.  He sailed back, airborne, colliding with Deon.  They tumbled back across the planks.  The dock trembled as the two of them landed in a heap, moaning in pain.
“Dad!”  Janelle stepped away from the railing, the world snapping back into place for a split second.  But the wooziness came back full force, and she fell to the side.  
A bony hand clamped down on her shoulder.  “Don’t worry about your father, Janelle.”  Andrina’s voice sounded low and menacing in her ear.  “He’ll see you shine with the rest of the world.  I’ll make sure of it.”
“No,” she cried, lurching forward to break her grip.  But her limbs seemed to double in weight.  Andrina tightened her grip.
“Janelle,” Mr. Deville said, head rolling back.  “Gary…help her.”
Gary.  Where was he?  She searched the dock, struggling to keep her eyes open.  Ivanna now held Gary up against the railing.
“He’s in no position to do anything,” Andrina said, facing her dad.  She raised her free hand and waved it in a circle.  
Another roar filled the air.  Boats started to bob up and down like they were trembling with terror.  Her father looked up, jaw falling open.
A swirling column of vapor extended yards into the sky and advanced for the stretch of dock between them and her father.  Sails flapped and flocks of birds exploded off the water as the wind picked up.  
Janelle realized what it was: a tornado.  But even so, she could only sway in place and lean against Andrina for support.  The entire world started to seem like some strange dream.  Colors and sounds danced around her.  
The vortex cut between a pair of boats and carved its way into the dock, blocking Deon and her father from view.  White boards crashed into sails and windows with deafening crashes and shatters.  Ivanna and Gary stopped struggling and separated, staring up at the swirling cloud of debris.  The entire dock trembled underfoot and the water churned below them.
The tornado crossed over the dock and dissipated, raining glass and splintered wood down into the water.  A ten-foot-wide hole in the dock now separated Deon and her father from the rest of them.  Nearby, Mr. Deville had all but passed out against the railing.
Andrina raised one hand and waved.  “Goodbye, Lucas.”
“No!”  He stood near the edge of the hole, fingers curled like claws and eyes bulging behind his glasses.  “Janelle!”
A dream.  That’s all this was.  Of course her father wasn’t trapped.  He was just yelling at her to wake up.  His screams echoed a million miles away as Andrina’s arm curled around her, holding her up.
The Tempest High Leader’s pointed face stared into her own.  “Why did you have to give me such a hard time?” she asked.  “You’ve made your mother very upset!”


Chapter Thirteen


A kaleidoscope of colors and sounds later, Janelle blinked the last of the drug’s effects away and sucked in a huge breath.  Warm tan walls boxed her in on all sides.  A faint hum sounded through the air.   Soft bedcovers gave way under her body.  No crashing, no breeze, no screams.  They were gone, left behind somewhere hours ago.
Janelle gazed up at the ceiling.  A round light etched with dark veins shined down on her like a bloodshot eye.  A hotel room, maybe?  This didn’t look familiar.
Janelle sat up and grimaced as her joints protested.  She'd been here at least a few hours.  
She was on a wide bed with black covers.  A few stairs led up through a doorway and up to a hallway.   More lights cast a soft glow against walls and polished cabinets.  Everything about her surroundings spoke luxury.  But how had she gotten here?
  
A dam broke somewhere in her mind, and memories came flooding back.  The dock.  The tornado. Her father, unable to come to her aid.
The rest had been a blur, like a dream she couldn't quite remember.  She’d ridden in a vehicle with Ivanna sitting next to her.  Then someone had pushed her over a railing—onto a boat?—and told her to sit here and rest.
“Dad?”  She sat up as dread grabbed at her insides.  It was nothing but a grab at false hope, but she couldn't help it.  “Where am I?”
“Oh, I'm glad you snapped out of it.  Whatever Ivanna injected you with made you really loopy for a long time.  You just let Andrina kidnap you.”
Gary sat on the floor, leaning up against the wall with his legs bent up.  One eye had swollen shut and a purple ring had risen around it.  
For a second she forgot all about herself and rushed over to examine the bruise, nearly falling off the bed.  “Gary.  What happened to you?”
He struggled to open the swollen eye but failed.  He sat up, no doubt trying to hide the pain he was in.  “When I tried getting you away from Andrina, she did this.  Then they put you in the truck.  And they took me so I couldn’t help your dad get over that hole in the dock, and they didn't have any of that drug left to inject me with.   Remember that green truck that cut us off in traffic?  That was Ivanna rushing to get to Deon’s boat before us.”  He winced.
“You sure you’re okay?”  That bruise had to hurt.  She strangled the bedsheet in her hand just thinking about it.  He'd done so much for her lately, and he didn't deserve to lie there in pain like that.
“Have to be.  It’s just a headache, Janelle.  It’s the least of our problems.”
That was a relief—if he wasn’t lying.  “Where are we?  A hotel?”  Please say yes, she thought.  Anything but—
He wasted no time speaking.  “No.  They took us to another marina.  We’re aboard Andrina’s yacht now.”
Janelle shot off the bed, sucking in a breath.  “We’re out on the ocean?”
Gary rubbed his forehead, struggling to look up at her.  “Yeah.  But I don’t think she’s planning to throw you in yet.  She would’ve done that while you were drugged.  I think she wants to try some...manipulation stuff on you first.”
Janelle sat down next to him, close enough to feel his body heat.  It felt safe, secure for a second, and dulled out the horrible thoughts racing through her head.  But the floor swayed a little underfoot and a chill swept over her.  They were out to sea, all right.  “She’s taking us to that Alara place, isn’t she?”
Gary leaned closer and whispered in her ear.  His breath tickled her skin and sent shivers down her neck.  “I'm sure she is.  If you changed now, you’d just take your natural course instead of doing what she wants.  What we do when we change is planted in us since birth.  She wants to mess with that programming and then throw you in.  Otherwise she would’ve left you to your dad.”
“I should have stayed home, then.”  Misery washed through her limbs, drowning her chest in it.  She hated herself for running away.  Not only had she'd blown her chance to stop other Tempests from transforming, she had blown her chance to escape Operation Reckoning as well.  
“Janelle, it was partly my fault.  Neither one of us knew.”
“I'm the one who made the decision to run.”  How would things have turned out if she'd stayed only a few minutes to listen to her father back at the house?  Then she remembered.  Her father.  “My dad.  Is he okay?”
Gary groaned as he stood.  One of his joints popped.  He'd been sitting next to her bed for a long time.  “She left him there on that dock.  He’s alive and so are the others.  Andrina and Ivanna could only drag off two people.”  
Janelle remembered her father, standing on the other side of the dock, eyes wide and terrified like she'd never seen him.  And Andrina had said something to her right before she’d lost it…No.  No!  Bile rose in her throat.  She shot off the floor and took Gary’s arm.  “Andrina told me--”  She couldn’t form the words.  Had it been a hallucination?  Gary would know.  He always told her the truth.  
Gary let out a breath and stared at the floor.  “I heard her.  I’m so sorry.”
I'm so sorry.
No.  He hadn’t heard her, too.  He couldn’t have.  The whole thing didn’t make any sense.  “She’s not my mother.  She can’t be.  I’ve got a picture of my mom.  Here.  I’ll show you.”  She crammed her hand in her pocket.  
Her hand closed on air.
“Are you looking for this?” a voice said from the doorway.
She whirled around and lost grip of Gary’s arm.
Andrina leaned against the doorway, holding up the missing photo.  Her mother, smiling out from the dock.  “Well, it looks like your father got himself a girlfriend after he left me.”
Janelle pressed up against the wall as the room seemed to close in.  After he left me?  What?  Her dad…and Andrina?  She couldn’t speak.  She couldn’t scream.  Her knees buckled and threatened to go out.  Only the hum of the yacht filled the air.
“Leave her alone,” Gary growled.  
Andrina stepped through the doorway, approaching like a lion stalking its prey.  “That's awful, Janelle.  Your father probably kept everything a secret from you, including me.  Judging from the look on your face, he told you this human woman was your mother.”  Her grip tightened on the photo as jealously and old hurt crept into her joints.  
"I don't believe you," she blurted.
“Now who do you look like, Janelle?  Tell me.”
Janelle gulped.  She had blonde hair and a thin frame.  The mother in the picture had brown hair and a few extra pounds.   Andrina had blonde hair and a thin frame--
The world closed in, suffocating.  Crushing her to death.  She hadn't even noticed until now, or hadn't wanted to notice.  
“I said leave her alone!”  Gary moved in front of her, fists balled.
Andrina ignored Gary as her fist closed on the picture, but didn’t step closer.  “I'll give you the truth that you deserve, Janelle," she said, lowering the photo.  "Your father never told you anything about your nature, did he?  He never had proper Tempest pride or sense of duty to his people, but while we were married, I was coming to realize it was time for us to change their role in the world, and strike first.  With the coastal population growing in recent years, it's only a matter of time before we're discovered.  Look at what happened with Gary.  Your father didn't agree with my stance, and he grew distant from me even after we found out we were going to have a child.”
A roar of panic raced through her ears.  “Please.  Stop.  You’re lying!”
The Tempest High Leader let out a breath.  “I never thought his disagreement with me would result in him taking you away the day you were born, as I was recovering in bed.  But the Tempest High Leader can't look vulnerable, so I needed to tell the Elder Council that you had died instead.  Thankfully, your name was still added to the naming list for this year, as an 'honorary' thing.  I made sure of that.”
Janelle’s ears rang as she forced herself to face Andrina.  Shudders of revulsion raced through her body.  This had to be the drugs.  Yes, the drugs.  It wasn’t real.  “My dad wouldn't marry you.”  Her father and Andrina…she just couldn’t imagine the two of them together.  
“Our marriage was arranged by the Elder Council, as the High Leader's marriage often is to ensure that the family line stays powerful.”  Andrina took a step back.  “It was ideal.  Myself, and the son of Camellia.  You, Janelle, are probably the most powerful Tempest alive.  That’s because you’ve inherited Camellia’s power as well as mine.  And rest assured, you'll get your chance to shine.”
Gary crept closer to Janelle, his body a shield against the horror in front of her, but she barely noticed.  A strangled cry crept out of her throat as she pressed into the wall.  She wanted to disappear into it.  “I don’t believe you.”
“I can't blame you.  You’ve been lied to all your life.  That’s all your father’s done to you.”  She turned and headed back for the doorway, heels clicking, but stopped and looked back.  “I know your birthday.  You were born on the seventeenth of August.”
Without a word, she turned and vanished into the yacht’s polished interior.

* * * * *

My mother died fourteen years ago.
All Janelle could do was lie on the bed and repeat the thought to herself.   It was the only thing that kept her from screaming and pounding the mattress.  She had sunk into a pit so deep she might never get out again. 
That monster isn't my mother, even if she did give birth to me.
Gary got up—he hadn’t moved from her side in an hour—and came back with an ice pack smashed against his bruise.  “Good thing she didn’t catch me getting in the freezer.  She would’ve given me another black eye to match this one.  You want to share this?  You’ve got to have a headache by now.”
“Okay.”  Yes, she had a headache, though she'd hardly noticed until now.  Janelle sat up and wrapped her arms around her knees.
Dad only lied to keep me safe from this.
Gary pressed the ice pack up against her temple.  The cold seeped in through her skin, taking the headache away for a moment.
“Thanks,” she said, swallowing the hurt inside.  Her mantras hadn't helped much in taking it away.  
 Somewhere up front, Andrina yelled at whoever was steering the yacht to pick up speed.  Whoever had to take her wrath didn’t argue.
Was Andrina really her mother?  That might be why she'd come to her school claiming she was a relative, and why her father had dodged her questions about it on the plane.  
“Where’s Alara?” she asked Gary to distract herself.
“Not sure.”  Gary put the ice pack to his own head and settled next to her, making the mattress sag.  He was so close…“I know it’s far away from other islands, maybe south of the Bahamas.  When I stole one of Andrina’s boats one time, I couldn’t find any land anywhere.  Her cronies caught me in less than a day.  Now she keeps all the keys and nobody can take a boat without her permission.”  The bed creaked as he shifted weight.   “Ahhh.  That feels good.”
The weight of her situation crashed down on her, tightening her chest.  “So when we get there, we’re screwed.  She'll be free to do whatever she does to make me kill more people."
“Exactly.”  He stared at her with his good eye.  “Well, you can always jump in the ocean and change before she gets a chance to brainwash you.  Sorry.”
The weight became a cinder block, then a mountain, as she mulled the words.  Out on this yacht, there might not be any other choices.  Andrina must be counting on her to be too scared to attempt it.  “I'm not sure if I can, Gary.  And you need to get out of here more than I do.  What if she kills you when we get there?”  Janelle winced at her words.
He stared at the ceiling.  “There’s nothing I can do about that.” 
Janelle struggled to find the right thing to say, and found it floating in her sea of panic.  “You can get away.  If you change again, there’s no way they can catch you.  And you won’t turn back until you find land.  All you have to do is jump off the boat.”
He sat up with huge eyes—well, one huge eye—and dropped the ice pack to the bed.  “No.  I won’t do it again.  It was bad enough last time.  I only did what I had to do.  It's against the Natural Law to change when it’s not your turn.  That rule, I actually agree with.”
“But you can control yourself.  You did it before.  Just go somewhere that’s not too inhabited.”  Her throat started to hurt.  She couldn’t bear the thought of Andrina hurting Gary.  He was the only person who understood this nightmare she was trapped in.  The only person she could talk to about all this without being told she was wrong or acting stupid.
He sank lower, towards the bedspread.  “Like where?  I’m not doing it again if it means killing anyone else.”  His head listed back.  "I don't need to make my 'dad' any more right about leaving."
His words flew into her gut like a knife.  She'd said the wrong thing, but couldn't stop now.  
“But you’ll die if you don’t.  And you can go somewhere like Canada, where you’ll get weak before you reach land.  You could get out of killing people.”
He leaned closer.  “And what about you, Janelle?  You’ll be stuck with Andrina.  I won't settle for that after all this.”
Tears welled up in the corners of her eyes.  For her, there was no way out.  None.  “She won’t kill me.  I’m too valuable to her.”  A breeding project, she nearly added.  “And I am not letting her brainwash me.”
“She’s got ways.  Andrina just tried to indoctrinate me, but she saves the real potent stuff for Tempests with loads of power.  You remember Hurricane Joey from a few years back?”  
Janelle nodded.  It had been on the news for two weeks straight.  
“I know Joey.  He's from a family of powerful Tempests, kind of like you are.  Me, I'm a bit more average, so I flew under the radar more.  He swore he’d never hurt anyone when he changed, but when his time got close Andrina made him listen to some recordings in his sleep without realizing it.  He wound up killing over ninety people.”
A chill swept across her skin in the air conditioning.  “Recordings?  That's it?"
Gary’s voice dropped as he forced his bruised eye open.  “They work, all right.  Well, on Tempests, anyway, on the part of us that…isn’t human.  The part of us that can’t reason.”
Bile rose in Janelle’s throat.  She wasn’t hearing this.  “I’ll find some ear plugs, okay?  You should go.”
He took her arm.  His grip sent little tingles up her spine.  “The only way I'm jumping off the boat is if you're coming with me, then.”
A chill swept through her, chasing the tingles away.  No.  She couldn’t.  “Mr. Deville said that if I escape, all this Tempest stuff will stop.  There might still be a way.”  
Gary’s hazel eyes widened, even his swollen one.  “You’re on a boat and headed to an island, Janelle.  You’ll be outnumbered.  I know this is the last thing either of us want to do, but it’s better than letting Andrina deal with you.  Look, we can dive in and change at the same time.  It’s been done before, so I know it’ll work.”
“No.”  She grasped the pillow, squeezing it tight.  He made perfect sense, but she couldn’t give in.  She couldn’t become…become…“I can’t do this.”
Andrina broke out into yelling somewhere near the front of the yacht.  “Put away that magazine.  I want us at Alara by noon tomorrow.  I have limited time to prepare my daughter for the Operation.  Full speed, now.”  
Janelle squeezed her eyes shut as her skin crawled.  She wished she could melt into the bed and vanish.  
“Janelle, it’ll be okay.  We’ll find a way to ditch her,” Gary said, sliding his hand over hers.  His fingers nestled in between hers.  
Warmth spread through her whole body.  He was holding her hand.  Really, really holding her hand this time.  Fresh tingles washed over and through her.  She faced him.  What if—
Gary’s face slowly drifted towards hers.  
And footsteps thudded closer and stopped at the doorway.  
Janelle lifted her head as Gary jerked back.  Andrina stood there, beckoning her with that fake smile.  She looked more like a shark than ever in her gray suit.
If she'd seen their near-kiss, she gave no sign of it.  “Come above decks with me, Janelle, and get some fresh air.  You’ve been in here all day,” she spoke with a voice like satin.  “I won’t push you into the water.  Unlike your father, I’m truthful.”
“Leave me alone.”  Every good tingle she’d just had vanished.  
The high heels came closer, making muffled taps on the carpet.  Andrina wrapped her bony hand around her forearm.  Her skin tightened at her touch.  “I insist.”
Janelle rose, eyes downcast, trying to hide her racing pulse and her breathing that was about to go out of control.  This was it.  Once above decks, she and Gary would have to find a way to jump at the same time.  She glanced at Gary, who nodded.  It was a go, then.
“I’d like to come up, too.”  Gary said, standing.  “I need some fresh air.”
“You stay here,” Andrina snarled.  “This has nothing to do with you.  I suggest you sit here and think about your failure as a Tempest instead, and how you’re going to make up for that.”
Janelle opened her mouth to say something to Andrina, but an invisible hand of terror had seized her vocal cords.
The honey coating returned to her captor’s voice as she tugged on her arm.  “Come on, Janelle.”  
Janelle stared down at the floor as they walked into the hallway, pretending that Andrina wasn't there.  She ran her free hand along the polished cabinets, focusing on the patterns in the wood.  
The hallway opened up into an oval-shaped living room, where two leather couches faced each other.  A glass coffee table was littered with playing cards.  Ivanna and another woman took up one of the couches with the two black-haired men opposite them that she'd never seen before.  Andrina's crew or attendants, she decided.  
This was worse than she’d expected.  Any hope Janelle had that she and Gary could take control of the yacht evaporated like a puddle in a desert.  
“When am I getting paid?” Ivanna chirped.
Andrina stuck her nose up, pulling Janelle towards a sliding door.  It had gone completely dark outside, revealing all the stars overhead.  The aroma of the ocean invaded Janelle’s nostrils the second they stepped out.  A breeze tousled her hair as she stepped up onto the deck and towards the railing that she and Gary would go over in a minute.
After closing the door, Andrina released her arm.  She was counting on her being too afraid to jump, after all.  
All the muscles in her body tensed as she resisted the urge to move away from Andrina.  Gary would come out any second, if he could fight past the crew inside.  
Andrina stared down at the undulating water below.  The light from the windows illuminated her gray business suit.  “You hate what you are.  I was afraid this would happen.”
Foam and bubbles floated and whispered past the boat.  The Tempest High Leader gripped the railing so hard that her knuckles stuck out.  
The words poured from Janelle’s mouth and she couldn’t stop them.  “You’re not my mother.  Even if you gave birth to me.  All you care about is killing people.”
The ocean continued to whisper below.  When she jumped, would she kill hundreds even without being forced to listen to those recordings or whatever was waiting for her at Alara?  But she'd have a better chance of not doing so if she went now.  Her father and uncle hadn't been that bad when they'd transformed, despite being the sons of Camellia.
"I care about the safety of my people.”  Andrina raised her head to stare into the expanse of darkness.  “I know firsthand what can happen if we're discovered.  My human mother stabbed my Tempest father to death while he was taking a nap.  And then, she tried to kill me.  She learned what we were and she hated us.”  Andrina faced her, the grays of her eyes deepening in the yellow light.  The railing started to warp—actually warp—in her grip.  “To this day, I remember the blood dripping from the knife she was holding.  I was seven years old.  Seven.”
Janelle squirmed in discomfort under her gaze.  Was she telling the truth?    When was Gary going to get out here?  
Andrina turned to Janelle with a swishing sound.  Her eyes blazed.  “I’ll never forget what she said.  ‘You’re a monster and I can’t let you live.’”  A pause.  "Even at that age, I knew I had to defend myself.  I had to hurl my dresser at my mother as she raised the knife.  Needless to say, she didn’t get back up.  My question is, would your human stepmother have accepted you and your father had she known the truth?” 
“Yes, she would have," Janelle said without hesitation as a dull pain filled her chest.  Was that true?  She couldn't imagine her mother--her real one, always smiling until the night she didn't come home--trying to murder her.
Andrina shot her a look of doubt that made the pain squeeze tighter inside her.  “After that, my Tempest grandfather took me and raised me.  I took over as Tempest High Leader when he died twenty years ago.  Now, I can do something about the growing threat to our existence.  You might call it murder, Janelle, but do you think the world won’t want to kill us?  It's the reason that we can't wait any longer to act."
A chill swept through the air.  Another tingle stole over Janelle as the boat rocked, but she shook her head to chase it away.  “But…but not all people are like your mother.  Some people are, but not all of them.  I know this.  I have human friends.  I grew up around them.”
“Ah, but did they know what you are?  And what do you think they’d do if they did?  I'm very concerned about your safety, Janelle.  I have your best interests at heart, and I'll have to show you what I mean tomorrow."
Sweat gathered on the nape of Janelle’s neck.  Something didn’t sound right about this, as if there was a snake crawling around inside Andrina's words, not quite visible.  
Thumps and shouting erupted from inside the yacht.
Her heart leapt into her throat.  That meant one thing.  Gary was fighting his way through the other Tempests and coming outside.
It was time.
The door slid open with a bang.  Gary plowed through the exit with Ivanna and the two men thudding up the stairs behind him.  “Now, Janelle!”  He reached for her arm and seized it.
An explosion of panic filled her chest, but she ran, trying not to think about what was about to happen, or what she was about to become, only that it was better than this. 
The railing drew closer and the dark ocean lapped up and down, expecting them.  Andrina’s heels clicked somewhere.  The salty breeze blew right into Janelle’s face, sending the strongest tingle yet through her body.  
Gary leapt over the railing.
She started to go down with his weight, but another hand seized her shoulder from behind, immobilizing her.  Her shoulder screamed as Gary's grip broke, pulled down by gravity.  Janelle yanked her arm back just in time to watch Gary plummet to the water with a splash.

Chapter Fourteen


Janelle backpedaled from the rail, pulled by her captor's hand.  Gary would change any second now, but at least he had escaped.  Andrina wouldn’t kill him.
Another small splash sounded from the water.  Then, a cough.  
Gary gripped the ladder on the side of the yacht as bubbles foamed around him, hair plastered to his head.  He spit out some water and looked up at her.  His eyes showed no trace of storm clouds.  No breeze snapped through the air, unlike the time at the beach.  But that didn’t make any sense.  
“It…it’s not working!” he shouted.  “I can’t even feel anything.  You have to jump in before I can change.”
“She’s not going anywhere just yet,” Andrina clamped her hand down harder on Janelle’s shoulder before she could move.  “Now climb up here and get dried off, before I decide to break your neck and feed you to the sharks.”  She snapped her fingers at Ivanna and the two men., who were standing at the doorway inside.  “Take him inside and keep an eye on him.”
Gary flopped down on the deck, defeated.  The ocean gathered around him in a puddle.  
They had failed.  She shouldn't have waited for him.  Now, Andrina and her attendants would make sure they didn't leave their room.
Ivanna took one of his arms while one of the men took the other.  Gary stared down at the decks as they led him away. 
Sickness bloomed in her stomach.  Mr. Deville had been right.  The ocean’s hurricane machine had stopped because it was waiting for her, and no Tempest could change until she did.  She'd never imagined that it would prevent them both from escaping.
“Come inside, Janelle.”  Andrina said in that fake sugary voice.  “And don’t worry about your boyfriend.  I don’t want to waste a single Tempest’s powers when the war begins."
“Don’t talk to me.”  Once inside, she broke from her grip and burst across the carpet to the rear bedroom.  Gary was nowhere in sight.
She fell onto the bed, pulling the covers over herself in case Andrina came after her.  Her heart raced.  
I should have jumped first.  But she couldn't have risked leaving Gary.  
Her breath grew hot around her.  Everything had gone wrong.  Everything.
The hum of the boat slowly lulled her heart rate down.  The lights dimmed and Andrina barked an order at someone to make sure she and Gary didn’t go above decks.  Ivanna complained that she hadn’t gotten her reward yet.  
Silence fell over the yacht.  Then feet shuffled in the next room.  One set grew louder and Janelle pulled the covers tighter around her, squeezing her eyes shut.  Andrina was coming back.  If that monster tried to tuck her in or anything, she’d scream until--
“It’s me,” Gary whispered from somewhere out in the darkness.
"Good," she said, uncovering herself.  His silhouette sat on the edge of the bed.
“Look, I’m sorry."
“It was my fault you didn’t escape,” Janelle emerged from the soft covers with a rustling sound.  “I should've remembered what Mr. Deville said.  Now we both can't get out of here."
Gary sat on the edge of the bed, staring down at the floor.  “Don't blame yourself.  A lot of things could have gone wrong with that.  We're outnumbered here."
“But now what?”
Gary got off the bed.  One of his joints popped.  “You're supposed to be even stronger than Andrina is, if she's right about what she said about you."
“I don’t know how to use any of those powers, with the exception of breaking doors.  Well, on purpose.  So what good am I until I learn?”
“You can learn.  It’s not that hard.  I can probably show you once we’re on Alara.  Do it here and we’ll wake everyone up.  And Ivanna’s keeping watch.”
Janelle tapped her fingers on the covers.  Tears started gathering at the corners of her eyes, but she forced them back.  When the time came for her to make that leap into the ocean, she'd need to exercise all the self-control she could.

* * * * *

She closed her eyes and woke some time later to orange sunlight filtering into the hallway and forming rectangles on the cabinets.  Someone groaned from out in the living room—probably Ivanna.  Sounds of waking and shuffling floated down the hall.  Dread blossomed in Janelle’s insides like a poisonous flower.  They had to be close to Alara.
“Gary?” Janelle searched back and forth.
He was lying next to her, back turned and snoring.  
She slapped him on the back.  “Gary!”
He tumbled off the bed as if someone had poured a bucket of ice cubes over him.  “What?”
“We’re almost there.  Got any great ideas?” she asked, face heating up.  Hand holding was one thing, but this…if her father ever found out he’d slept in the same bed with her—let alone the same room—he’d explode.
Footsteps approached before he could answer.  Janelle straightened up.  Great.  That could only be one person.
Andrina clapped her hands together as she stopped near the foot of the bed.  She’d changed into a black suit and combed back her wet hair.  “We’ll be pulling into the Alara marina in a few minutes.  Janelle, why don’t you come up front and see the island?  I’m sure you’ll love it.”
The thought of spending any more time with that monster made shudders of revulsion race up and down her back, but she stood.  If she wanted to escape, it was a good idea to see where she was going.  
A minute later, Janelle stood in the front cabin of the yacht, standing as far as she could from Andrina.   
One of the black-haired men steered them through sparkling blue water.  Ahead, a conical island covered in palm trees rose from the ocean.  No buildings.  No roads.  It was as inhabited as an ice cream shop on a cold day.  Janelle scanned the coast up and down for boats she could steal or even a stretch of beach where she could write HELP in huge letters.  No luck.  On this side of the island, at least, the shores were rocky, jagged, and utterly forbidding.  
There would be no escape.
“Where is everybody?” Janelle asked despite herself.
Andrina smiled like a woman in a cleaning commercial.  “Oh, we can’t have people flying over and seeing our capital, can we?”
“That’s the Tempest capital?” she asked.  “All I see is trees.”
“There’s a cave system through the whole island.  One of my pirate ancestors discovered it and used it as a haven for a while.  Lots of gold piled up here over the years.  Why do you think I’m so wealthy, Janelle?  Think about it.  Tempests made excellent pirates.  Have ever since our creation hundreds of years ago.”
“Creation?” Janelle echoed.  How could things get any weirder?
“Of course,” Andrina clasped her hands behind her back.   “According to legend, when the Mayan civilization fell about five hundred years ago, their storm god, Huracan, was no longer having sacrifices made to him.  He was forgotten and wanted to retire.  So he traveled the world to find people to take over his duty.  Whenever he found someone worthy of his power,”—she paused on the word worthy—“he gave them his breath, which turned them into Tempests.  Huracan went after people who were close to the ocean: sailors, pirates, coastal villagers.  And once he’d made enough of us, he vanished and was never seen again.”
Janelle shuddered and focused on the approaching palm trees.  Sacrifices, storm gods, pirates...it was a bit too much.  But what couldn’t she believe anymore?  “Is that actually true?”
Andrina shrugged.  “Nobody knows for sure.  Everyone’s got their creation legends, you know.  But I like to believe that it is.”  She stuck her nose in the air.  “I’m certain my ancestors—yours, too—accepted Huracan’s gift with pride.  Some of the first Tempests spent their lives drowning themselves in booze because they refused to accept their new power.”
The air grew thick.  She had to leave.  Another minute around Andrina and she’d scream.  Janelle turned to scramble out of the front cabin.
But Gary stood in the doorway.  His face had turned as purple as the ring around his eye.  This had to do with his mother.  She was an alcoholic.
Before Janelle could open her mouth to say anything, he stalked away.
“Gary was standing there,” she said, unable to stop herself.  “And he heard what you said.”
Andrina rested her palms on the back of the captain’s chair.  “I know.  It should remind him not to go down the same path.”
Words escaped her.  Andrina was a monster in more ways she could imagine.  She destroyed the lives of everyone she touched.  No longer could she blame her father for hiding this particular part of the truth from her.  For that, she forgave him entirely.
The yacht made a turn around a group of jagged rocks, and a mouth in the side of the island seemed to open up for them.  A cave stretched ahead into the darkness like the throat of a rocky giant.  It looked so dark.  Foreboding.  
The yacht’s headlamp turned on.   Stalagmites hung down from the ceiling like teeth.  That wasn’t much better.
Janelle looked down at the greenish water and imagined pirate gold lying at the bottom.  If there was any, it would be difficult for any of the Tempests to go down and retrieve it.  
The black-haired man steered around a narrow curve.  Ahead, the cave opened up into a huge cavern half the size of a football field.  Electric lights and huge wires hung from the ceiling.  Three other boats—one another yacht and the other two speedboats—rested alongside a dock.  A fishing boat waited at the end.  Sparks shot up like someone was doing metalwork on it.
Janelle studied the boats.  If she stole one, it would have to be a speedboat.  But she'd never driven a boat before.  Gary had, at least.  
The yacht pulled in alongside the other boats.  The other black-haired man appeared above decks and jumped to the dock to retrieve a chain.  After tying it to the boat, he waved to them.  It was time to disembark.
Andrina hurried over and took her arm.  “Welcome home, Janelle.”
Janelle’s heart leapt into her throat.  Gary reappeared from one of the rooms as Janelle made her way to the sliding door and followed Andrina outside.  He took her arm but said nothing.  This time, no warmth swept through her body.  Not now that they were here.
The cool air of the cave swept over her skin.  Drips came from everywhere.  They climbed onto the deck, followed by Ivanna and the other woman.  Wherever this was, it wasn't home.
“Come on, Janelle.  I need to show something to you,” Andrina said. 
Janelle swallowed and watched as they neared a round tunnel at the end of the dock.  She glanced at Gary, whose face had every warning sign written on it.  
“What?” Janelle asked.  Her heart hammered in her chest and her stomach seemed to fill with air.  The last surprise had been her father’s trip to the Bahamas.  One from Andrina would be worse, guaranteed.  Her gut was screaming at her to stop before she saw whatever was at the end of the tunnel.  Something kept trying to worm into the edges of her mind.  Something about the airport.  It was bothering her, and she wasn't sure why.
Shadows spread across the tunnel walls as they passed under a light bulb.  Andrina’s heels clicked against the concrete floor.  The air smelled wet and stale as if it had never seen the outside world.  Janelle shuddered.  She imagined for a moment that they were headed to some underground bomb shelter and that the world was ending, and that she would have to live in these depths forever and never see the surface again.  Or her father.  
Andrina rounded a curve and stopped, but her grip didn’t loosen.
Before them was a steel door with a fingerprint sensor next to it, which glowed red as if an evil entity were hiding inside.  Andrina pressed her finger down to it.   Click.  She twisted the handle and pushed the door open.  “Welcome to Alara.”
The room beyond the doorway was full of sunlight which spilled in through tall glass windows.   A chandelier hung from the curved ceiling, reflecting little rainbows everywhere.  A giant gray Tempest spiral decorated the floor.  It was as if someone had copied her mark and laid bricks in its pattern, then polished it over.  Plants lined the white walls.  A couple of vending machines advertised Coke and Pepsi in the corner.   
Janelle’s stomach settled down a tad.  Alara wasn’t as bad as she’d expected, at least.  It felt almost…welcoming.   But it was a deception.  If she wanted to make it out of here, she needed to remember that.
Gary pressed closer to her, squinting against the bright light.  It was like he was trying to brace her for something.  “What do you want to show her?” he asked, his tone every bit defensive and…protective?
Andrina patted Janelle on the shoulder.  “Kevin should be arriving any second now.  He beat us here by half an hour.”
Kevin.  The last she'd seen him--
“But he got on a flight to Flint two days ago," she said despite herself.
“You dropped your phone back at the school, Janelle.  And you left so much information on it.  Your voicemail and your plans to catch a flight at Orlando.  Your plans to go up to Flint and stay with your friend.”   Andrina spoke the last sentence slowly, stressing every word.  “And of course, your address book.”  
Janelle stiffened.  Oh, god.  That’s how she’d known everything.
As if on cue, footsteps echoed from a hallway, along with the sound of scuffling.  A man in sunglasses appeared, leading a gagged, redheaded girl in front of him like some kind of prize.  The same girl she'd left behind in her other life, who had won her that stuffed killer whale out of the claw machine on her last birthday.
No.  No!
Andrina took a step forward and sucked in a breath.  “I'm sorry, but time is short and this is necessary to make sure you do what's in our best interest.  You led us right to your best friend, Leslie.”

Chapter Fifteen


Leslie looked down at the floor, red hair hanging in her face like a ragged curtain.  Only the white cloth of the gag was visible through it.  
“Mmmph nggg,” Leslie tried, lurching forward.  
Janelle’s legs turned to rubber.  Her best friend, here in this horrible place, here in the nightmare her life had become.  Leslie didn't deserve to be dragged into this.  Why had she even left her that message?  All she had done was put her life in danger.  
With a sickening twist of her insides, Janelle realized this might very well be her first kill.
Gary’s grip tightened on her arm as her friend cried out again, lifting her head.  Tears streaked her freckled cheeks.  Her eyes had turned a dull red.  She’d been crying for a while.  No surprise or relief flickered in them when her gaze landed on her.  
Her best friend knew everything.  What she was.  What she could do.
“Leslie,” Janelle breathed.  She glared at Kevin.   Rage rose up inside her like lava through a volcano. “Take that off of her!”
Kevin jerked her arms further behind her back, smirking.  “She wouldn’t shut up.  What else was I supposed to do?  I couldn’t have her screaming on the boat because it was giving me a headache.  Plus, how else was I going to get her out of her house without her waking the neighborhood up?”
Kevin had taken Leslie from her own room.  It was the stuff of kidnapping movies.    
More muffled cries from Leslie.  She thrashed against Kevin’s grip, hair flying back and forth.  Her captor tugged on her arms again.  A squeal of pain echoed off the walls.  
Blood roared in Janelle’s ears.  All thought left her as she leapt forward, but Andrina’s hand came down on her shoulder.  
“Do not damage that girl, Kevin,” Andrina snapped.  "We need her alive.”  She sucked in a long breath, like she was feeding off Leslie’s terror.  “So, Janelle, can I count on it that you'll prepare for Operation Reckoning with no argument?"
“Why her?”  Janelle faced the Tempest High Leader, fists balled.  Red hate grew inside her, exploding into a supernova.  “Leslie's my best friend.  I've known her since preschool.  You probably wouldn't know anything about that, would you?"
A slice of hurt raced across Andrina's face, and her hands closed and squeezed.  She'd said the wrong thing, but it was too late to take it back.  But it was gone in a second.  “This is nothing personal, Janelle.  You just need a little persuading right now.”  She tapped her foot with a bony sound.  “You also happen to be quite outnumbered.  Now, I know that you're a smart girl, so you can figure out the terms here."
Janelle’s breaths came shallow and whistled in her ears.  A faint breeze started to blow through the chamber—was it her doing or the air conditioner?—but Andrina seemed not to notice.  Gary shook his head in warning, glancing at Ivanna and the other Tempests.  Two against six were pretty crappy odds.
He was right.  They couldn't win here.
“W…what are you talking about?” Janelle asked to stall.  She knew that answer.  Leslie's life…or the lives of the hundreds Andrina would want her to take.
Andrina gripped Janelle’s shoulder and spoke in that satin voice again.  “Oh, I can’t spoil it ahead of time.  It’s nothing that hurts you, of course.  Just some simple suggestions to make sure you do what’s needed for the Operation.  Kevin, you made sure this girl heard all about it, didn’t you?”
This girl.  Andrina didn't even consider her worthy of a name.
Kevin gave Leslie a nudge.  
Her friend looked up like a puppet on strings.  Andrina marched forward, reached out, and ripped off the gag.  Leslie let out a breath as if the terror itself were escaping from her, but she didn't speak.  Leslie never stopped talking.
Janelle couldn’t stand by anymore.  “Leslie, don’t worry.  I’m going to get you out of—”
The freckles had turned brown against the paste that was Leslie's skin.  “St…stay away from me, Janelle.  I can’t be friends with a Tempest.  It's just too weird."
The world went silent and still as a cloud blocked out the sun, dimming the room.  Janelle stepped back and bumped into Gary.  Leslie, her best friend.  Revolted at what she was.  The past twelve years meant nothing now.
No, I’m not like these people, Janelle tried to yell.  But she couldn’t.  Her throat had locked up.  
Because she was like these people.  
Andrina faced Janelle, unsmiling.  “See what I mean?" she asked, somber.  "I'm sorry, Janelle."  She nodded to Kevin.  “Put that girl down in storage for now.  I'll page you any orders regarding her based on Janelle's behavior.”
Kevin twisted Leslie around and forced her away down the hall.  Only the sound of shuffling feet floated through the air.  They vanished around a curve, silent.  There were no apologies floating back to her.  No pleas.  Nothing.
“Gary, return to your quarters and stay there for now.  Alec, you make sure he doesn’t go anywhere,” Andrina said, pointing to one of the black-haired men.  
Gary started towards her.  “But—”
“Now.  Alec, let me know if he tries anything funny.  Because if he does, I’ll need to send Kevin some…new orders regarding Janelle's friend."
Janelle jammed her hands into her pockets, squeezing the thin fiber inside.  Why didn't she just say it out loud--that she wanted to have Leslie killed?  It was so much scarier hearing it like this.  Even if Leslie hated her now, she couldn't bear to see her murdered.  It would also make every horrifying thing she feared about herself true.  So she faced him, to be met with a gaze as hopeless as she felt.  “Go, Gary.  Just go!”
He cast his gaze to the floor and vanished down the middle hallway, Alec right behind him, leaving only a crushing feeling in her chest.  
Andrina released her arm and walked across the room, stopping at the mouth of the left hallway.  She made a clicking sound with her tongue, as if she were calling a dog to follow her.  “Come on, Janelle.  You’ve got nothing to be afraid of,” she said, making her way down the hall.
She wished she could go after Gary, to make sure they didn't do anything to him.  They won't, a voice in her head told her, soothing the crushing pain down.  Something Andrina had said on the yacht--and how you're going to make up for that--told her that he would survive the day, at least.  
Eyes downcast, Janelle walked beside the Tempest High Leader, staring down at the passing reflections on the polished floor.  Her head pounded, but she barely noticed.  Attacking Andrina would only kill Leslie.  She couldn't risk going for her phone and keeping it away from her.  Too much could go wrong with that plan.  The only thing she could do right now was think.
“Oh, look up, Janelle.  I keep my word.  Your human ‘friend’ will live if you only agree to take your part in the Operation.  If, in fact, you still feel any kind of friendship with her.  I won't blame you if you don't.”  Andrina stopped, making a show of checking out her surroundings.  “Isn’t this room beautiful?”
Janelle peeled her gaze from the floor, fighting against the misery pulling her down.  The hallway had opened up into a smaller domelike chamber.  Four tube aquariums bubbled away in each corner, and fish of every possible color swam inside of them.  Sunlight filtered down through glass in the ceiling, forming a swirl of light on the floor.  For a moment Janelle forgot all about Andrina and Leslie and Gary and stared, amazed.  It reminded her of a mall restaurant she'd been in not too far from her old house, the one that always had loud jungle sound effects and waterfalls and rainbows inside.  She and Leslie had always used to check out the shop there and--
A fresh wave of hurt roared through her again, casting her gaze back down to the floor.
“This way,” Andrina said, oblivious to it.  Stairs curved up to a set of double doors with a huge Tempest swirl carved across them.  “This is our apartment, reserved only for Tempest High Leaders and their families.”
The situation weighed down harder.  If she didn’t escape, she’d have to spend every day with Andrina, the monster who had ripped away her most cherished memories of her mother and replaced it with a nightmare with only a few words.    
The Tempest High Leader placed her finger on another touchpad.  The doors clicked open to reveal the most luxurious living room Janelle had ever seen.  
Janelle shuddered.  This was more what she’d expected from Andrina.  The inside was still beautiful like the rest of Alara, but it was a dark type of beautiful, one with sharp teeth and a craving for blood.  Thick red rugs spread out like pools under antique tables.  A small shark swam in a tank nearby, baring all its jagged teeth underneath a greenish light.  Another tank held fish with protruding jaws—piranhas.  Darkness filled the rest of the space save for a green lamp in the corner and a curtain that seemed to go to an outside balcony.  
Andrina patted her pocket in warning.  “Come on in."
Leslie would be crying right now, with Kevin hovering over her, waiting for the call…
Janelle stepped into the room, fighting every urge to turn back and run.  
Andrina closed the doors behind her.  They sounded like a dungeon door closing.  Janelle was trapped inside this apartment with her.  Alone.  
The Tempest High Leader clapped her hands and made for the kitchen counter.  A motion-sensing light clicked on to show a covered platter waiting on it.  “It looks like the cooks prepared our dinner already.  Come grab a plate, Janelle, and we’ll eat on the couch, though I want you to be careful not to get crumbs all over it.  You’re weak from lack of food, and we can't have that.  It's best if you're at full strength when you change.”
Operation Reckoning stared her in the face, in the form of that platter.  “Then I’m not eating.”
Andrina thrust her hand into her pocket, grasping the phone inside.  "I insist."
There were no choices here.  This was the High Leader's game, and she had no choice but to play by the rules.  Eating would give her time to think, at least.  Maybe, if she made Andrina complacent, she could pluck the phone from her pocket and run.  But what if Andrina had more than one phone, or had a second one in the apartment somewhere?  It was another risk she couldn't take.  She'd made too many poor judgments in the past two weeks, and that one might be the most dangerous.
A chicken in some kind of sauce gave off an aroma as Andrina carved it.  Janelle’s stomach rumbled.  Her legs quivered with weakness and a dull ache had crept into her skull.  Her last meal had been home, with her father, the one she'd shared with Gary.  
Andrina opened a pan on the stove and heaped some mashed potatoes onto two plates.  She followed with green beans and biscuits, making sure she could see.  
Saliva flooded Janelle’s mouth, but she looked away to hide her hunger.  No way would she look grateful to Andrina for anything.  It would only give her more power.  
A plate of steaming food slid across the counter to her, and Andrina waved her towards the leather couch.  A minute later Janelle sat on the edge of it, pressing against the armrest to keep as much distance as she could between them.  
"Eat."  She made a show of stuffing some chicken into her mouth and chewing.  
Her stomach growled again.  She’d eat, but maybe she could throw it up later, so that if Andrina did manage to make her listen to any deadly tapes, she wouldn't have the strength to go through with Operation Reckoning when she transformed.  
When.  Not if.  She couldn't kid herself anymore.  The fact that she was already out in the middle of the Caribbean sealed her fate.  Her only hope now was to get out of here before the brainwashing started.
Janelle forced a bite of the chicken, trying not to think about it, squeezing its juices out and across her tongue.  Despite her situation, food had never tasted so good.  
Andrina ate in silence next to her, but Janelle could sense her stare boring into her every time she paused between bites.  Janelle looked away and studied the books on the shelf, regretting it instantly.  Hurricane Andrina: A Warning Unheeded.  Andrina and the Failure of Government Emergency Response.  Andrina: A Storm for the Ages.  The DVD's were no better, and one that read Geographic Review’s Future Disasters on the spine sat on top of the DVD player as if it were part of a shrine.
Janelle forced down a bite of her buttery mashed potatoes, which tasted bitter all of a sudden.  She’s not my mother, she’s not my mother, she’s—
“So how’s the food?” Andrina set her fork down on her plate with a clink.  “We have excellent cooks here.”
“Fine.”  Janelle finished the potatoes and speared the green beans, barely able to eat but unable to stop.
“That’s good.  And just so you know, I also want you well rested before the Operation.” Andrina put her plate down on the glass coffee table.  “You’ve got rings under your eyes, sweetie, so I suggest you take a nap.  The sleep medicine in your mashed potatoes ought to help with that.”
Janelle vaulted off the couch.  No!  She let the plate fall to the floor, where it shattered and rained splinters over her feet.  “Sleep medicine?  I just slept on the boat!”
Andrina stood as well, her eyes shining with triumph that she couldn't quite hide.  “Only for two hours.  You have a lot of catching up to do."
Sleep.  That was when Andrina would make her listen to those hypnotic recordings, if Gary was right about that.  He hadn't lied to her yet.
Already it felt as if shadowy hands were creeping up into her mind, turning the world into a giant, shadowy puddle bent on drowning her.
“Ahem.”  Andrina stopped at the mouth of a hallway and patted her pocket.  
Her chin quivered.  There was no escaping this.  
With heavy legs she followed her to an open door at the end of the hall.  A lavender bedroom waited on the other side.  Another chandelier hung from the ceiling and a canopy bed waited in the middle of the room, its covers pressed and smooth from years of waiting.  Clothes stuffed the closet, most of the shirts a perfect fit for her height, but others were too small and junior-high sized. 
Andrina had been expecting her arrival for years.  
Janelle rubbed her arms in disgust as her legs carried her into the room, pulled by the thread of obedience that was keeping Leslie alive.  She didn't see the stereo system stood next to the bed until she was almost right on it.   A CD in a blue case sat on top, with her name written across it with the neatest handwriting she'd ever seen.
Janelle’s heart leapt into her throat.  No, oh no, no…
“Your room,” Andrina said, watching her and the CD closely.  “I decorated it myself years ago.  I hope you like lavender.  The mattress is unused, so it should be quite comfortable.”
The world started to blur.  She had no choice.   
Janelle climbed into bed and pulled the covers over herself.  She could leave her eyes open just a little, and Andrina wouldn’t know the difference.  As long as she stayed conscious, the recording wouldn’t work.  Right?
Those shadowy hands reached up again to drag her down to oblivion.
A mechanical click followed as the CD player opened.  
Breathe evenly.  Stay awake.  Whatever you do, stay--

* * * * *

Janelle hovered miles above the earth as the ocean churned below.  A roar filled her being with an energy she had never imagined—and it only grew stronger the more she spun over the intoxicating warmth of the water.  She wrapped more of the moisturizing clouds around herself and turned towards a distant stretch of land.  There was something to do, something that had to be fixed.
“Feel the power, Janelle.”  Andrina’s silky voice seemed to echo from everywhere, fading in and out and cutting through the roaring in her mind.  “Grow strong on it...go north...move faster.”
Yes.  She swept as much of the ocean’s energy as she could into her eye and allowed it to course through her being, making her stronger…more powerful.  
“Faster…don’t give them time to get away.”
The coastline drew nearer and the mouth to an enormous river cut away into it.  Gray and brown lumps stuck up from the ground all around it.  Skyscrapers.  Pointed and squared, they towered into the sky as if daring her to test them.
“Drown the city, Janelle.  They all hate you.  Show them no mercy, and make your mother proud!”
With a flex of her will, she raised a wall of water and hurled it against the shoreline and down the river, watching it tumble towards the huddled group of buildings in its path.  The tallest of them pointed up to her like a conical finger, accusing her of being the killer that she was.
“No!”
Janelle sprang up in bed, flailing and flinging the blanket off.  She gripped her arms to make sure they were still there and ran her hands across her stomach.  She hadn’t transformed yet, but that voice was still everywhere around her, invading her ears and--
The drone of Andrina’s voice came out of the stereo.  “Flood it all.  Smash everything that you can.”
Janelle leapt out of bed and hit the STOP button before it could get out any more.  The room fell silent.
Andrina had left.  Some time must have gone by.  An hour?  Two?  The repeat function glowed on the stereo, which meant that the recording could have played twenty, thirty, or forty times by now.  More than once it had burned its poisonous message into her brain.
Janelle sat on the floor, staring at the carpet for what felt like an eternity.  The nightmare replayed itself in her mind, like Andrina had stamped it there forever.  Terror crept up into her chest, riding on the realization that she did have another nature after all, and that the skyscraper from her dream had been the Empire State Building.
Andrina had appointed her New York City’s executioner.

Chapter Sixteen


Janelle wasn’t sure how she managed to stand.  It took minutes.  The damage was done.  Operation Reckoning would go ahead as planned.
New York City.  It was always ground zero in all those bad disaster movies.  Always had a target on it for every possible disaster.  But they never got hurricanes there.  At least, not the strong ones.  All the really deadly ones were in places with palm trees.  Storms that went north of the Carolinas always seemed to peter out—right?  It was why she’d told Gary to head north if he managed to change.
But Andrina had that DVD about future disasters out in the living room.  If a powerful New York City hurricane was really possible, it would be in there.  From the silence outside her room, it sounded like she had left.  
Janelle rushed out into the living room, where only the shark swimming in its tank greeted her with its row of jagged teeth.  The DVD sat on top of the player.  She swiped it off with a trembling hand.  Sweat marks formed on the plastic around her fingers.  
Geographic Review’s Future Disasters.  A tornado, a volcano, a tsunami, and a hurricane took up the cover.  She averted her eyes, popped it open, and pulled out the shiny booklet inside.  That would tell her, or at least give her a clue.  Pages flipped in her hands.  Wildfires.  Asteroid impacts.  Tornadoes.  Glaciers.  Death.  And then—
New York City vs. Major Hurricane.
Janelle’s heart stopped.  God.
Skyscrapers rose up from a massive flood, almost skeletal with their windows broken out.  On the next page, a gigantic hurricane spun over the ocean, anticipating its prey.
Janelle couldn’t help it.  She screamed and threw the booklet on the leather couch, burying her face in her hands.  It was possible after all.  She was going to stand here and cry, scream, and throw the tantrums her father hated.  She had every right in the world.
Someone hammered on the double doors.  “Janelle!  You in there?  I can’t open this.  It’s locked, but I’ll break it down if I have to.”
Gary.
She bolted to the doors, nearly slipping on the polished floors.  With a tug they came open, and Gary stood on the other side with a guy in glasses of about nineteen or twenty.  
He barged in, followed by his companion.  “Andrina’s meeting with the Elder Council right now and she took Alec and Ivanna with her, so we were able to get up here.  This is the Joey I was telling you about.”
Joey shook Janelle’s hand in a hurry.  She barely registered it.
“Hello,” he said.  “I heard Andrina was going to make you listen to her brainwashing stuff in your sleep.  If you know where she keeps the recordings, I can exchange them with these discs.”  He fished in his pocket and produced a couple of CDs in blue cases.  “I burned them on my computer.  She’ll think she’s giving you the real thing, but then they switch to some classical music about ten minutes through.  And I don’t think Mozart’s going to make you kill thousands of people.”
Janelle stiffened and stared down at the help that had come too late.  The mask crumbled, and everything burst forth that she was supposed to hide and control.  “It’s already been done!” she wailed, turning and pounding her fists on the leather couch.  Tears filled her eyes.  She plucked the Future Disasters booklet off the cushion and threw it at Gary.  “That’s what I’m going to do.”
Gary flipped it open and blanched.  “Are you sure, Janelle?  Very few Tempests can pull that off.  Hurricanes get weak when they get to that colder water up around New York.”  He was trying to sound hopeful, but there was a nervous undertone to his voice.
“But I’m supposed to be the strongest,” Janelle said, voice wobbling.  Warm tears ran down her cheeks now, and she didn’t care, because it was true.  “What else would she want to use me for?”
Joey shuffled over and eyed the booklet.  “So this is how she's going to start her war?"
“It would get the world's attention like nothing else would," Gary said, the last of his own mask falling away.  "I…I think she’s planning to reveal us to everybody while Janelle’s…you know.  To start it all.  She wants the whole world to be scared of us."
“Let’s put the DVD in,” Joey said, ashen.  He snatched it off the couch and headed for the TV.  “We’ve got time.  Those meetings always take at least three hours, and with Operation Reckoning it’s going to be a long one.”
“No,” Janelle pleaded over the lump in her throat.
“There might be something in it that’s useful,” Joey said, turning on the television.  
The logo for Future Disasters popped up on the screen and dramatic music played in surround sound.  
Janelle stood behind the couch and sniffed.  She had to get it together.  Crying wouldn’t help her situation.  Leslie was still trapped here somewhere.  If any good was to come out of this, she'd have to get herself back under control.    
Gary appeared next to her.  His hand wrapped around hers and squeezed, sending waves of calm through her body.  It felt warm, safe.  It was the only comfort she’d had all day.
It was short-lived.  The screen filled with the Manhattan skyline and slowly zoomed in.  A man narrated with a voice filled with doom.  “New York City.  Home to eight million people and also the economic center of the country.  And also a place not commonly associated with hurricanes.  And yet,” the man paused as the screen changed to a satellite map of Long Island, “New York City is one of the most susceptible cities to their wrath, with damages potentially in the hundred billion dollar range if one were to strike.  And it is not a matter of if, but when.”
When.  That word again.
The screen changed to a satellite shot of an unknown hurricane in the Atlantic.  Ominous music played.  Gary’s grip on her hand tightened.  Joey flinched.  Bile rose in Janelle’s throat.  No, she didn’t want to see that.  She stared down at the leather couch until it vanished.  
The narrator continued.  “If a Category Three storm or higher arrived at or near New York City during high tide, a storm surge of as high as thirty feet could race up the Hudson River towards Manhattan, flooding the island and the subway systems.” 
Water rose in a subway tunnel, then around a group of office buildings. “It would rise around Wall Street, shutting down the stock exchange for weeks.  The windows to all the skyscrapers would blast out, raining glass on anyone standing in the streets.  Millions of people would need to be evacuated in a very short amount of time.”
A woman appeared in front of a black background.  “The devastation could be incredible, dwarfing that of the infamous Andrina.  Manhattan could become inescapable with all the flooding.  Also, it’s hard enough to get around when the city’s traffic is normal, so an evacuation would pose a great challenge.  Huge traffic jams could result as the storm bears down on the city.”
The man returned.  “But worst of all is the fact that hurricanes moving to the north move much faster than their southern counterparts.  A strong hurricane could race north in a day without losing its punch.  Residents would have maybe a day and a half’s warning to evacuate, which clearly is not enough time for so many people.  Deaths could climb into the thousands.”
Janelle broke away from Gary and buried her face in the couch.  "Get rid of it.  Please."  Every word of the show had stabbed into her like a flying knife.
Gary’s voice rose to a yell.  “Take it out, Joey.  This isn’t doing any good.  We’re better off looking for the yacht keys.”
With a click, the TV turned off.  
Gary’s arms wrapped around her, pulling her away from the couch.  Janelle sank into his hug as his warmth enveloped her.  Only then did she realize she was crying again.
“Shhh,” he said, rubbing his hand along her back.  “We’re breaking out of here.  We’ll find those keys.”
The keys.  Of course.  Janelle lifted her head from Gary’s shoulder and rubbed her eyes on her sleeve.  “She’s got to have them here.  Where would she keep them?”
Gary shrugged.  “I’ve never been up here before.  You’re the only reason I got in.”
“Well, look everywhere.” Janelle wiped the tears away and pulled the cushions off the couch, holding in the urge to apologize for crying and embarrassed that she'd broken down like that in front of him.  
Joey put his palms in the air.  “Um…I don’t know if trashing the Tempest High Leader’s apartment is such a good idea.”
“I’ll say I did it," Janelle said.  "She won't kill me.  Now help."
Cupboards flew open, rugs overturned, and books toppled from shelves as they searched every square inch of the apartment.  Janelle tossed whole drawers to the kitchen floor.  Nothing.  She rushed out into the living room and flipped over rugs while Gary took a pair of tongs and dug through the gravel on the bottom of the piranha tank.  Still nothing.
“Go through every room,” she said, pointing down the hall.  
They flipped the mattress off Andrina’s canopy bed and tore apart her closet full of gray business suits, going through the pockets.  No keys.  Janelle pawed through the medicine cabinet and even pulled the gratings from the air vents.  The last hope drained from her as they peered into the last one.  Nothing but a cobweb.
“She must have taken them with her,” she said, sinking down the floor of the hallway and wrapping her arms around her legs.  “I should’ve known.  Where else would she have them but her pocket?"
Gary sat beside her, bangs hanging in his face.  “Hey, it was worth a try.”
He was out of ideas.  It was all up to her now.  “No,” she said, pulling herself up against the despair trying to push her back down.  “If I don’t get out of here, thousands of people are going to die.  And we have to get Leslie back to the mainland.”
“She’s right,” Joey said, pushing his glasses up on his nose.  “But we have to get the keys first.  There’s no point in breaking her friend Leslie out if we can’t get out of here.”
He was right.  “What if she put the keys somewhere else on Alara?” Janelle asked, running for the double doors and jumping over an avalanche of books.  “There’s got to be a break room or a garage or something.”
Gary stepped over a toppled table.  “Yeah right, Janelle.  She knew me and Joey would get out of our rooms when she called Alec and Ivanna to the meeting.  That means she's convinced we can't get out of here."
Janelle froze, her hand on one of the doors.  “Then we’ll have to overpower her.  There’s three of us now.  We need to get Leslie first.  I won’t risk Andrina telling Kevin to kill her.”
Would Leslie even accept her help now?  She would have to.  
“Go after Andrina?” Joey exploded, eyes widening behind his glasses.  “Oh, no.  I wasn’t asking for this.”
“Yes, go after Andrina.  I’m supposed to be stronger than her.  You guys are going to help me."  She winced at the low blow she was about to make, but it was necessary.  "Did you like it when she made you kill a hundred people, Joey?”
Joey gripped the back of the couch, face growing red and jowls wobbling.  She’d hit him where it hurt, but they didn’t have time to worry about that.
“All right,” he said, shoving the couch so hard that it toppled onto the glass coffee table.  A shattering sound filled the room and died.  “This Leslie.  If Andrina knew me and Gary would get out, she could’ve moved her to another location so we can’t find her.  Andrina’s got brains.  Where’d she say they’d be keeping her?”
“Basement, I think,” Janelle said, opening the doors on the empty stairwell.  She’d been too stung by Leslie’s rejection to hear Kevin and Andrina clearly.  But it made sense.  Where else did you keep prisoners?
“Must be the storage areas.  We can check.”  Joey led the way down the stairs.  
Janelle followed him into the dome with the fish tanks.  The fish swam in circles inside their tubes, oblivious to the nightmare going on outside their little world.  The lights had dimmed in the hall and their footfalls echoed off the walls.  No light filtered down through the spiral in the dome ceiling.  Night had fallen.  She had been asleep for a long time, listening to that recording.
If they threw her in the ocean now, Operation Reckoning would become a reality.
“Are they all in the meeting?” Janelle asked.
“Most of them,” Gary said, taking her arm.  “I didn’t see Kevin going that way, though.”
Janelle shuddered.  Kevin must still be guarding Leslie.
The hallway curved ahead and opened up into the main chamber.  Circles of light shined around the plants and reflected off the now-black windows.  The gray spiral on the floor seemed to twist for a second, but Janelle blinked.  An illusion.  Only the air conditioning blew against her skin, raising an army of goosebumps along her arms.
“Which way to storage?” she asked.  Two other hallways branched off from this one.
“He dragged Leslie down that one, remember?”  Gary pointed to the middle one and gulped, realization stealing over his features.  “We’ll have to pass the meeting hall.”
Janelle swore, but they couldn't turn back now.  “Come on.  If we wait for the meeting to end they’ll all be out here.  Let’s take off our shoes until we’re past it or we’ll make too much noise.”  Her voice echoed off the walls and the polished floors.  It was something Leslie would have thought of.  She could piece anything together.
“Good thinking.”  Gary took off his shoes and wiggled his toes inside his gray socks. 
She tucked her shoes behind a potted plant and watched as Gary and Joey did the same.  Pulse roaring in her ears, she followed them, shuffling her feet to keep them from slapping on the floor.  Only quiet surrounded them on all sides.  She'd finally made a good decision.
Muffled voices floated down the walkway.  A pair of wooden double doors stood wide open ahead, a pair with the Tempest swirl carved on them.  A yellow glow spilled out and formed a rectangle on the wall like a prison searchlight.  A long, human-shaped shadow moved across it.
“Now what?” Janelle mouthed to Gary.  They had left the doors open for a reason: to watch for them.  It meant that Leslie was definitely down this hall.  
A pang shot through her at the thought of her friend.  If their situations were reversed, would Leslie do this for her?  
Gary crept up to the door and peeked in through the crack in the corner.  He waved them over and ducked down to let Janelle peek into the meeting hall.
A long, polished table with a glass Tempest swirl etched in it stretched down the room, shining in the light of a chandelier.  A group of ten suited older people sat in leather rolling chairs around it while other Tempests—at least twenty of them—occupied benches along the walls.  Some had lines under their eyes and an older man fidgeted like he wasn't pleased.  Ivanna and Alec shuffled their feet on the thick blue carpet.  They looked bored.  Camellia was with them, too, dressed in a navy blue suit.  She glared up to the front of the room, where Andrina stood behind a podium.  It seemed like they had been deliberating for hours, and judging from the thick tension in the room, possibly arguing.
Janelle's heart wrenched.  Going in there to steal the yacht keys would make as much sense as trying to swim off the island.
“I'm glad that we're all settled now.  Dim the lights,” Andrina ordered someone near the door.  “I want a nice, ominous feel to this video.  Got the camera pointing at me?  Good.”  She smiled, letting the false sugar melt away.  “I’ve been rehearsing this for weeks.”
The lights dimmed, leaving only one shining on Andrina’s face, which looked like a pale moon in the darkness.  The other Tempests seemed like magical shadows hunched around their master, waiting for an order to go haunt children’s nightmares.  It was fitting.  
“Rolling,” a man said.
“Greetings, humanity,” Andrina said as she folded her arms.  “You may not believe what I am about to say at first, but you will discover it to be true in a few days' time.  I am Andrina L. Morgen, leader of the entire Tempest race.  We have met before, though not in the form that I am in now…”
Andrina trailed off as she spilled the truth about Tempests and their abilities, swelling with pride.  Confusion washed over Gary's face, and then Joey's.  Janelle felt the same.  She was making a video to send to the world’s news stations, but why was she revealing everything if she was so scared of being discovered?  
“We are your gods, and it would be in your best interest to follow any instructions we give you in the future,” she went on, the growl creeping into her voice.  “If you don’t believe me, look into my eyes and see what I truly am.”  A pause as the camera no doubt zoomed in for the full horror.  “I’m sure this isn’t enough proof for you, so I have devised a little plan called Operation Reckoning.”
A shudder raced down Janelle’s spine as she stiffened.  That was about to get spilled, too.  She did not want to hear this.
“Perhaps you will all believe me when my prediction comes true to every detail.  One of our numbers, Hurricane Janelle, will strike New York City directly at high tide in only a few days.  A thirty foot storm surge will drown a good portion of Manhattan and flood the subway system.  Thousands of your pathetic lives will be lost.  Your economy will take a massive blow and will be crippled for weeks.”
Janelle squeezed her eyes shut, putting her hands over her ears and biting her tongue to keep the scream in.  She couldn’t sit here and listen any more.  
Gary tapped her on the shoulder, as if sensing her agony.
She uncovered her ears to be met with silence.  The meeting room lights were still dimmed, and they had to get across the doorway before they turned back on.  It was their only chance.
“After this event has passed, I will send a follow-up video with further instructions on how to keep us from striking your other major cities,” Andrina said.  “I suggest you follow them.”
It was now or never.  Janelle seized Gary’s arm.  “Now,” she mouthed.
Joey scooted past the doorway, socks slipping across the floor.  The light on Andrina’s face went off, casting her in darkness.  
Janelle vaulted across the floor and made it to the other side of the door, Gary in tow.   The yellow light clicked back on, casting its rectangle across the hallway.  
Her heart leapt, but there were no footfalls.  No yells.  They’d made it.
Joey’s eyes bulged as he waved them forward down the hallway.  Sliding her feet across the floor to avoid making noise, Janelle released Gary’s arm and followed, shaking her head to cast Andrina’s words from her mind.  But they stayed, and probably would forever.
Ahead, the hallway branched into two.  A pair of double doors on the right led into a room where computer screens glowed in neat rows.  The other led downstairs into the dark.
Joey turned, nodded, and started to descend the steps with a firm grip on the handrail.  They must have placed Leslie had to be in the darkest, creepiest place in the whole complex.
If she was even still alive.  
A faint musty smell invaded her nostrils as she descended deeper into the island.  The humming of water heaters echoed through the walls.  Below, the stairs ended in a dimly lit basement where orange lights hung on huge concrete poles.  It looked about as inviting as an underground parking ramp.
Janelle stopped halfway down the stairs, studying the basement for any signs of Kevin.  None.  He might still be guarding Leslie.  “What’s down here?” she asked, careful not to raise her voice too much.
“Just supplies and food.  Nothing dangerous,” Joey said.  “There’s three of us.  We should be able to take down Kevin if he’s here.”
He didn't seem to be.  Flies hovered in clouds around a garbage bin on one side of the room.  Boxes were stacked up on either side of a steel door that probably led to a freezer.  Gray doors lined the end of the basement.  Rumbling noises came out from those, but no voices.
“She might be behind one of those,” Janelle said, pointing.  Of course they’d put her somewhere crappy.  She raced for the first door, feet slapping against the floor.  Hot air rushed out as she yanked it open.  “Leslie?”
Only the hum of the water heater and the surrounding pipes answered.  Janelle stepped into the room, holding her breath as much as she could.  “Help me look,” she said, waving Gary into the room.  
Janelle peeked behind a group of pipes only to find more cobwebs and a puddle of water on the floor.
“I don’t think she’s in here,” Gary said, looking behind a huge cylinder.  “Joey’s right.  Andrina probably moved her.  Or--” He didn’t finish but let the meaning sink in.
Janelle left the room, slamming the door and feeling a brief flash of anger at him.  “Leslie can’t be dead.  Andrina didn’t have time to do that.”
But Kevin did, that mean little voice said.
Joey emerged from a dark room, bringing a swirl of dust out with him.  He coughed and shook his head.  “Nope.  She’s not in there.”
Janelle pointed, her heart racing with one last hope.  “There.”  The steel door.  It was the last one.
Boxes of lettuce, cheese, orange juice cartons, and eggs lined the metal shelves inside.  A chill swept through the air.  Food storage.  Another steel door at the rear of the room waited for them.  
“That’s the meat freezer,” Gary said.  “I hope she’s not in there.”
It was worth a check.  Her heart pounded as she closed the door behind her to stifle the sound of her voice.  “Leslie?”
“Janelle?  I’m in here.  Get me out.  I’m freezing!”
A huge sigh of relief escaped her.  Leslie was alive, and not screaming at her to go away.  “Is anyone in there with you?”
“No.  Just come in and untie me.  My feet are numb.”
Janelle gripped the cold metal of the freezer door handle and tugged it open with a faint cracking sound.  A cold like a January morning wrapped around her as she raced into the room.  
Leslie sat against a box of meat with a thick gray blanket wrapped around her.  Her foggy breath spiraled towards the ceiling.
“You’re okay,” Janelle breathed, removing the blanket and wrapping her in a hug.  “Are you injured?”  She shook her head, teeth chattering, and nodded down towards her arms.  They were tied behind her back, but there was no blood on her clothes.  “Why’d they put you in here?  I’m going to kill Kevin.”
Leslie looked up at her and spoke through her bluish lips.  “I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to say those things to you earlier.  Kevin f…forced me to or he was going to break my f…fingers.  Oh my god, Janelle.  How did we end up in this mess?”
Kevin had forced her to say those things.  The look on Leslie's face was sincere.  How could she have not thought of that possibility?  Leslie must have felt awful, sitting in here by herself with that to reflect on.  “Don't worry.  I didn't believe it,” she lied, helping Leslie to her feet as Gary undid the ropes around her wrists.
Leslie shot her a look that told her she knew she was lying.  “Don't think that I'm not still your friend, Janelle.  It's not your fault you're in this situation.” She wrung out her wrists.  “So...is this what that gray spiral on your arm is really about?  I thought it was just a birthmark.  It's all a bit hard to wrap my mind around, so it might take me a while to get used to it.”
“Yes.  And I don’t blame you for doing what you did.  I’d rather not have your fingers broken,” Janelle said as Leslie’s arms came free.  “Where’d Kevin go?”
Leslie shook her head.  “He put me in here an hour ago and left.  He was keeping me over in that boiler room but that woman came down and told him to move me.”
That woman.  Leslie still didn't know the whole truth.  It might be best to keep it a secret until she could absorb the rest.  
Joey hung in the doorway, breathing clouds of vapor like a train.  “Let’s go.  We still have to get the keys.  This is all pretty weird, so I don't have a good feeling about this.”
He was right.  A freezer was a weird place to keep a prisoner.
Everyone piled out of the freezer.  Janelle raced for the door right behind Joey.
Loud crashes sounded on the other side of the steel door.  Janelle’s stomach raced up into her throat as Joey stopped and she bumped into him.
“Hurry up, Kevin,” Andrina yelled.  “We’ve got to block them in!”

Chapter Seventeen


All at once, she understood the reason behind Leslie having to sit in the freezer.
“Charge the door!” Gary shouted after a pause, pushing against Janelle and slapping Joey on the back.  
After confusion and jostling around, Joey rammed his body against it.  The door flew out an inch—enough to reveal a mountain of storage boxes on the other side—and slammed shut again.  More thumps sounded as Andrina and Kevin stacked more of them in front of their exit, preventing their escape.  The cold had already sapped most of Joey's strength.  
“Let me try!”  Janelle squeezed around Joey and rammed her shoulder into the door, making pain explode through it.  This time it didn’t budge.  The cold had done its work on her while she was untying Leslie.  
Gary joined her at the door.  “Push!”
Still the door didn’t budge, and muffled thumps continued as the boxes built up on the other side.  They were trapped, in a prison within a prison.
“Stop struggling, Janelle!” Andrina shouted from somewhere on the other side of them.  “I was afraid you'd misbehave.  You've given me no choice but to make sure you're manageable when I come for you in the morning.”
“No!”  Janelle rammed her body into the door again.  Nothing.  Andrina and Kevin had sealed them in.  “I don't want anything to do with your Operation!”
Footsteps headed away from them, growing fainter and fainter until they disappeared.  Andrina's ears were closed on her, and would never open.  
Silence fell.  Janelle stared at the pits on the steel door as the cold of the giant fridge soaked into her skin and stole away her last hope of escape.
“Well,” Joey said, shrugging, “at least we have something to eat in here.”

* * * * *

Janelle didn’t feel like eating, not after her last meal had knocked her out.  Instead, she snuggled up to Gary for warmth.  He wrapped his arm around her and held her tight.  But this time, he didn’t speak.  There was nothing left for either of them to say.   
She'd be taking her dive into the ocean at dawn, full of that poisonous nightmare that would kill thousands.  Even if she saw her father again, she could never face him.  Not after the mistakes she'd made.
Leslie ate several slices of cheese as she recovered from her bout in the freezer.  “I’m so sorry, Janelle.  I didn’t mean to make you feel like crap,” she said between bites, like she had seven times before.  “You’ve got to feel bad enough.  I would have never thought there was more to hurricanes than just a bunch of random stuff happening in the atmosphere.”  She unwrapped another slice of cheese.  “That Kevin guy showed me his powers on the boat.  He was able to make the water choppy and made a wind kick up so bad I nearly fell off the boat.  I thought he was going to kill me.  He said he’d go back and murder my mom if I didn’t cooperate with him.  I wanted to yell for security at the airport, but I was so scared.”
“It’s okay,” Janelle said, wrapping her fingers in the fabric of her shirt, feeling for what Leslie must have gone through during her abduction.  “If it was just a few degrees warmer in here, we could just walk out.”
Leslie shook her head and shrugged.  “What’s that have to do with anything?  I'm still trying to piece all this together.”
“It saps a Tempest’s strength and power,” Joey explained to her, leaning against a shelf.  “While we’re in here, we’re no stronger than you are.  Same if we’re far away from the ocean.  That’s why your friend didn’t notice anything weird about herself until she moved down to Florida.”  He faced Janelle.  “Right?”
Janelle nodded.  A strange numbness had filled her mind.  That life in Michigan seemed like an eternity ago, and now, even the brief one in Florida did, too.  A dream, even.
Leslie fiddled with the plastic cheese wrapper, which crinkled in her hands.  “I can’t believe I’m sitting in here with walking, talking hurricanes.  What other disasters are running around as people?  Earthquakes?  Tornadoes?  Snowstorms?”
“Don’t know,” said Gary, working at opening a cup of applesauce.  “If there’s any others, they keep to themselves.  We haven’t run into each other.”
Joey cleared his throat.  “That could change after Andrina releases her video.  Who knows what's going to come out of that?”
A fresh spike of terror ran through her as she remembered.  Leslie might be okay with her status now, but would that change if the Operation went ahead as planned?
Thump.
Janelle’s heart leapt as she sprang to her feet.  
Thump.  Louder this time.
Dawn had come.  Andrina had returned.  She was clearing the boxes away to drag her down to the water.  
She stood no chance this time.  Heart thudding, she seized the cold metal of the closest shelf and braced herself for the worst.
“Janelle.”  A soft female voice floated through the door.
“Get to the back.  We’ll try to hold her off,” Gary said, pushing her back and standing near the door.  Joey joined him.
“Janelle.  I know you’re in there.  Answer me.”
This wasn’t Andrina.  There was warmth in this voice.
The handle twisted slowly, and the door came open.
The yellow-orange light of the basement poured into the room, framing Camellia in her navy blue suit.  “Come with me, all of you, before Andrina comes down here.  We don't have much time.  Janelle, I need to speak to you.”
Janelle’s legs carried her towards the woman—and her grandmother—as if they’d lost the will to resist this nightmare any longer.  She’d killed hundreds of people, too.  She couldn’t be much better than Andrina, but she was different somehow.  
Camellia rested her hand on Janelle’s back as soon as everyone had left the fridge.  She’d figured out what she hadn't known back at the school, then.
“Janelle.”  She let out a slow breath.  “I believe that you’re my granddaughter and the child that Andrina told us all was stillborn.  What’s your father’s name?”
“Lucas.  He told me about you already,” she said, studying the floor.  Should she be grateful?  Scared?  Neither?  This was awkward enough.
“Good.  That saves a lot of explaining.” Camellia glared at the fridge.  “I’m not going along with Andrina anymore.  It’s disgusting that she’d lock up her own child like this and lie to me about your death.  I don't care if she had to do it to save face.  If I’d known what she’d turn into, I never would have pushed my son into marrying her.”  A pause.  “Not that I’m not happy to have you or anything.”
A painful lump grew in Janelle’s throat.  Camellia was no saint, but she'd come down and freed her.  Could it be that she'd gained an ally on the side of power?  
“It’s okay, Janelle,” she said, pulling her close against the warmth of her body.  “I’m going to take you out to transform.  On the way we’ll try to reverse the brainwashing Andrina did, so your natural path is restored, as it should be.  I’m sure your father’s voice will work great for that.”
“My father?”  She looked up into Camellia’s wrinkled face, but it was serious.  She had her dad's eyes, she noticed.  And Mr. Deville's eyebrows.  
“I got a text from him half an hour ago.  He and Hank will be pulling into the lagoon any minute.  They sent me to get you, because if they came in they’d be spotted.  That’s when I knew you were probably my grandchild.  Come on.  We’ve got to meet them before someone else does.”
Escape.  They were getting out of here.  She wouldn’t kill thousands of people.  But…“What about Leslie?”  Her friend hung near the door with Gary and Joey as if a rabid dog were pacing around the room, freckles very dark against her pale skin.  She didn’t blame her.
“She can come, but only if she swears to keep our secret for the rest of her life,” Camellia said, casting a dark glance towards Leslie.  “Do you swear?”
Leslie nodded with vigor.  “Of course I do.  Who’s going to believe me if I tell, anyway?  They’d lock me up and tie me in a straightjacket.”
 “Well, I trust you better than Andrina.  I don’t like the thought of her blowing our cover to the world,” Camellia said.  “Not all of us stand behind what she's doing.  If the humans find our location they could drop a nuclear bomb on us tomorrow.  And without us, the planet would go into chaos.”  She patted Janelle on the back.  “Let’s get you out of here.  Quietly.”
The world would go into chaos without Tempests?  Janelle didn’t ask her to elaborate.  That could come later.  
Camellia’s slippers made faint slapping noises on the floor.  She made for the stairs like a woman half her age.  Janelle followed her, footfalls of the others echoing behind her.  The black pit inside of her disappeared.  She shot Gary a smile, which he returned.
The meeting chamber’s doors had both closed.  “What time is it?” Janelle asked.
Camellia stopped and put her finger to her lips.  “Almost dawn.  We have maybe minutes to make our escape.”
Janelle quickened her pace and urged her rubbery legs to go faster.  As soon as Andrina found the toppled boxes, she’d send everyone in the complex searching for her, guaranteed.  Their escape boat probably wouldn’t make it over the horizon before all four of Andrina’s started to give chase.
Camellia waved them across the entry chamber and its gray swirl on the floor.  After pressing her finger to the glowing red pad, the exit door clicked and unlocked.  
Janelle stepped out into the round, damp tunnel of the cave.  It smelled like freedom—at least from Andrina.  From everything else, there was no escape.
“So your dad came here?” Leslie appeared at her side, the look on her face trying to comprehend.  “How did he do that when he doesn’t have a boat?  He’s not a sailor.  And this island isn’t on any map from what Kevin told me.”
“Save it for later,” Joey put his hand on her back and led her down the tunnel.  “We can’t waste a second.”
Janelle turned the curve after Camellia and let out a breath.  A new yacht bearing the Bahamian flag hummed as it moved in between the fishing boat and Andrina’s yacht.  Her father and Mr. Deville stood on board, practically glowing under the lights.  So it was true.  
“Climb aboard, all of you,” Mr. Deville ordered, pointing to the front of the boat.  
Janelle climbed over the rail.  “Dad!”  She launched herself into a hug.  She’d never been so glad to see him in her life.  "I'm so sorry," she repeated, overcome with emotion and preparing for his lecture on keeping it under control.
But it never came.  He simply hugged her back and said, “Come on, honey.  We don’t have much time.  Come below decks."  He released her.  "The rest of you make sure that Andrina can’t use those yachts for a while.”  He pulled her towards a glass sliding door.  
Deon emerged from below decks, face sagging from lack of sleep, and passed them.  “I agree with that.”
Janelle followed Leslie and her dad through the sliding door.  He released her arm and sat in the booth, lips pursed together.  What did she say to him?  Where to start?  This wasn’t going to be an easy conversation.  It seemed like both of them were having that problem.  Even Leslie shifted uncomfortably as she pressed her face to a porthole.  
Crashes and thumps echoed out in the cave.  Deon and the others were getting their revenge on Andrina.  Janelle stood frozen, waiting for him to say something, but the air only grew heavier.
Janelle joined her friend at the window, to avoid the uncomfortable conversation a little longer, but the side of Andrina’s yacht blocked her view.  She let her forehead rest against the cool glass as she stared at the fishing boat at the end of the dock.  It looked like some kind of sleeping cave monster shrouded in the darkness.  She wished the others would hurry.  Andrina might be heading down to the basement right now.
The crashes stopped outside and seconds later, the sliding door slid open and Deon came through, breathing heavily but smiling.  “I think we’re good,” he said, rushing up towards the front.  
“But there’s still—” Janelle started.  
Gary pulled Leslie through the door, Joey on his heels.  Mr. Deville and Camellia came in last.  Mr. Deville froze, causing his mother to crash into him.  “There’s one more boat,” he said, whirling around.  “And we still need to—”
“No time.” Camellia seized his arm.  “And we can’t strand them here.  They’ll either all starve or change to get off the island.  There are children here, too.”
A faint ringing sounded through the air.  
Janelle backed away from the window.  That meant one thing.  Andrina had discovered her escape.  “Okay.  That doesn’t sound good.  Let’s go.”
“It’s the fire alarm,” Gary said, gaze darting back and forth.  “She must’ve pulled it when she found us gone.  What faster way to wake everyone up?  She’ll have them up hunting for us.”
A hum washed through the boat as Deon started it.  The yacht lurched and righted itself as it backed away from the dock.  Janelle gripped the windowsill for support.  They were out of here.
The dock grew smaller as the boat turned towards the exit.   Shadows danced on the walls as figures raced out of the entry tunnel.  
Andrina led them in her gray suit.  She stopped in front of her ruined yachts, two of which were sinking into the water, and stared after them.  Others gathered around her, indistinct figures in pajamas and suits.  Kevin took off his sunglasses and dropped them to the dock.
Deon steered them through the cave, and a rock wall blocked Andrina and her cronies from view.  "I hope I never see you again," she muttered, meaning every word of it down the core of her being.
Gray light surrounded the boat, but it was the most beautiful light she'd ever seen.  They were out.  They burst out of the cave’s mouth, leaving a trail of foaming water behind them.  A faint orange lined the horizon to the east.  
Joey sighed in relief and Leslie sagged against a folding closet door.  Mr. Deville collapsed into the booth, chest heaving.  
Gary moved over, wrapping his arm around her as if to hold her up.  “You okay?”  His hazel eyes were just as gorgeous now, maybe even more so.  It seemed that some of the darkness inside him had cleared up, leaving a glow in its place.  A horrible chapter of his life had passed.
Janelle couldn’t get her quivering knees to stop.  Had Camellia waited five more minutes to bail her out, she never would have made it off Alara.  Well, at least not in the way she wanted.  She faced the woman she’d feared and loathed yesterday.  “Thank you.”
Camellia gave her a weak smile.  “No problem.  I’ll have to take you out shopping sometime.  I missed a lot of years with you.  Things could have been a lot different."  
Footsteps approached and her father’s warm breath blew against the back of her neck.  Gary let go and he pulled her close.  “Janelle, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you anything.  Most of this is my fault.”
It was, but now wasn't the time for a guilt trip, and some of this had been her fault, too.  He'd gotten her out of there.  “It’s okay.  I’m not mad.  I understand why you did it,” she said, hoping to end the Big Awkward Conversation now.  She didn’t want to discuss Andrina or the fact that the mother from her photo had been a lie.  The pain inside her needed to heal a bit first.  “Where did you get this boat?”
“One of Deon’s human friends let us borrow it.  We made the guy think we were going to miss some fishing trip we’d planned for years, so he felt sorry for us.”  His tone dropped.  “We need to talk more about the family thing later.  You see, with Andrina being your biological mother, there’s an implication that I've had no choice but to prepare you for since you were very young.”
There.  He’d confirmed the worst.  Janelle couldn’t stop the words.  “You lied about Mom."
He gave her a pat on the arm.  “Tina was your mother, Janelle.  Not biologically, but your mother, and the only real mother you ever had.  We met when I moved you up to Michigan and got married.  She loved you and wanted to raise you as her own.  Just because Andrina gave birth to you doesn’t mean that she’s—”
“Faster!”  Joey ran up the yacht’s hallway, glasses crooked on his face.  He stopped next to Gary.  “They’ve started the fishing boat and they’re coming out of the cave right now.  Doesn’t look good.”
“How far back?  How many on board?”  Her father released her and disappeared down the hall, every inch commanding and serious.
“I don’t know.  A mile?  It’s too dark to see.”  Joey pressed his face against the glass in an attempt to see.
Janelle and Gary joined him.  She pressed her cheek against the glass, praying that he was wrong.  She couldn't bear to get this far, only to fall back into that monster's hands.
“Uh, oh,” Gary said.
He wasn't wrong.
A yellow searchlight glowed near the base of the conical island.  The eye to the sleeping cave monster had opened.
A hand took her arm—Mr. Deville’s.  “Come on.  We’ve got to remove the brainwashing.  This could be the last chance.  Then if Andrina gets you, you won’t do what she wants.”
He was right.  
“And how?” Janelle’s voice came out higher than usual.  “I can’t exactly sleep right now.  This isn’t too relaxing.”
“She’s right,” Camellia said.  “Hypnosis can’t work when you’re all tense.  Here, I’ll go see if I can slow that other boat down.  That’ll help if they’re farther behind us.  Hank, you get the tapes ready.”  She yanked the sliding door open and disappeared outside.  
Her father reappeared in the hallway.  “Deon!” he shouted.  “Full power on this thing!  We’re maybe half a mile ahead of them.” 
Deon shouted something back.  Something about the tone of his voice made Janelle’s stomach turn.  It didn’t sound good.  
“What did he say?” she asked her father.
His lips pursed together.  “Nothing.  Come back to the cot here.  We’ve got this under control.  Just lie down and try to relax.”
“Something’s going on.  Tell me!”
Her dad wiped the sweat from his forehead.  “Janelle, please.”
“Tell me.”  A smoldering anger rose up through her chest and spilled down into her fists, clenching them into tight balls.  She wasn’t going to be lied to.  Not anymore.
Her father sighed.  “It was a long journey here and we couldn’t gas up at Alara because the alarm went off.  The yacht’s almost out of fuel.  They’ll overtake us within an hour.”

Chapter Eighteen


Janelle’s stomach clenched.  An hour?  That was it?
“I tried to tell you all we needed to fuel up,” Mr. Deville said, pacing up and down the narrow hallway.  “We’re going to have to fight.”
“I’ll help,” Gary said.  He marched over to stand beside her, determination shining in his eyes.  
His presence made her stomach loosen up a bit.  Maybe they were right.  She was on a boat with several Tempests who actually knew how to use their powers.  Among them was--
A wind whistled outside, then roared.  However, the boat didn't so much as rock.  Camellia was sending it at the fishing boat.  It might work for a while.  But Andrina had to be pretty capable of fighting back, so this might not last.  She wished she were up there, fighting beside her, but the look from her father was an automatic no.  That, he was right about.  The control of wind was something she hadn't learned how to do yet without having ocean water splash on her, and she couldn't take that risk right now.  
Janelle sucked in a deep breath as she sat on the cot.  She had to relax.  It might not be possible, but she had to try.
Her father seemed to have read her mind.  He took Gary’s place and leaned down towards her.  He popped open a drawer, which held a silver cassette player and several batteries.  
“Dad?”  So he’d known about Operation Reckoning, too.  There was no other way he would’ve prepped this on the way here.  It softened her anger towards him a bit.  Maybe he had only been doing his best for her after all.  Maybe.
“What are you doing?” Gary asked.  “You sure that’s going to work?”
He shoved a cassette in with a click.  “My mother can only hold them off for so long.  We’re outnumbered.  We’ve got to get this done before she catches up."  He turned his gaze to her, the grays in his eyes serious.  "And then when they get here, you jump overboard.  It’s the only way.”
Jump overboard.  There was no getting out of the transformation now.  She might as well not do it Andrina’s way, then.  A strange sense of peace settled over her.  It would be over soon, and might not be as bad as she'd dreaded, provided this worked at removing the other recording from her mind.
The pillow crinkled under her head as she settled into it.  Now for the hard part: drifting off.  “Okay.  Ready.”
“Close your eyes and breathe deeply,” her dad said.  His voice trembled.  He wasn’t sure about this.  
Janelle did, but her pulse still raced in her ears.  Breathe, Janelle.  Control yourself.  But the wind still roared outside and Deon started cussing.  Leslie asked in a squeaky voice if she was going to die.  Gary told her that he didn’t know.  
“Quiet up there!” her father yelled.  “Leslie, we’ll protect you.  Gary, go tell Deon to shut up.”  He let out a breath and lowered his voice.  “Think of something happy, Janelle.  The time we volunteered at the soup kitchen.  Your sixteenth birthday party.  Your future as a doctor.”
Doctor.  Yes.  If she didn’t kill half the East Coast first.  
Darkness swam inside her eyelids.  She brought up the image of herself, Leslie, and their friends at the skating rink.  The stuffed killer whale coming out of the claw machine.  Her mother, leading her around the yard to pick up Easter eggs.  The normal life she had left behind.  Her heart slowed a little.  She forced her breath to slow.
Click.  A gentle hiss added to the whistling of the wind outside.  Her father’s soothing, soft voice floated out of the cassette player.  “Janelle, relax and listen to me.  Take a deep breath.”
She did.  Her father stood and stepped away.  Would this even work?  She wasn’t going to sleep, that was for sure.  And Andrina had played her message on her for hours.  This one might have to play even longer to erase that.
But they had nothing else.  She’d better try it.
“That’s it.  Breathe out.  Let all your tension go out with your breath.  You are calm and in control of yourself.”
Janelle let her weight sag into the cot and let the whistling of the wind fade into the background like it didn’t matter.  Maybe this would work after all.
“Incoming!” Mr. Deville yelled.
Janelle came to with a start and sat straight up.  The roaring stopped as if someone had choked off the wind.  
A jolt ran through the boat.  The tape player flew off the counter slid down the hallway towards Gary.  Everything tilted.  Her stomach dropped.  Janelle toppled from the cot and slammed against the cabinets.  Pain raged through her shoulder as she cried out.  Boxes of crackers and pasta rained down to the floor feet from her.  “What is this?”  
The boat righted itself.  Cabinet doors slammed back shut.  Leslie broke into sobbing somewhere.  
“Janelle.  Get up.  Andrina sent a huge wave right at us.” Gary appeared above her and extended his hand.  “I think she’s trying to capsize us so you’ll change.  Heck, we all will if she does.  She’d like that.”
“Crap.”  Janelle stood and let Gary wrap an arm around her, heart hammering.  She waited for the wind to start above decks again.  
It didn’t.  Only an ominous silence had taken its place.  
A cold lead seemed to spread through her body.  “My grandmother.” 
She shot away from Gary and tore past Leslie, who leaned against the wall with her arms folded.  Her friend’s whimpers faded behind her as bolted out of the cabin.  Janelle wanted to be there for her, and felt invisible ropes trying to pull her back, but at least she knew Leslie was alive and unhurt.  On the other hand--
The sun hung over the horizon like the giant red eye of a Cyclops, and the strongest tingle yet swept through Janelle’s body.  Something beckoned her closer to the sparkling water.  She had to release her power or she was going to go insane…No!  Gritting her teeth, she looked away, focusing on a porthole as she ran down the deck.  Gary’s footfalls thudded against the deck behind her.
Her dad and uncle crouched down near the railing.  Camellia’s slippers stuck out from between them.  “You’ll be okay, Mom.  Just hang in there.  We’ll get this bandaged,” Mr. Deville said.
Bandaged.  Not good.  Janelle pushed in between them.
Camellia lay against the railing.  A crimson trail flowed down the left side of her face from a gash above her temple.  “Andrina’s…out of control.  Now she’s hurting other Tempests,” she said, looking up at her father with wet eyes.  “Forgive me for the arranged marriage, Lucas.  I had no idea.”  She faced Janelle and blinked away the tears.  “You deserve a better mother.”
“Janelle!  Get back below decks.”  Her dad pointed to the door.  “You could get splashed if there’s another wave.”
“Come on.  He’s right."  Gary took her arm.
The fishing boat was getting closer.  Its pulleys stuck up like the spines of some beast.  A single figure stood at the front as water parted around it.
Camellia groaned as she stood with Mr. Deville’s help.  What if she had a concussion?  They couldn't leave her here.
“We’ve gotta get her under, too,” Janelle said.  
“Then go.  You bandage her and don’t come up here again.”  A faint growl crept into her father’s voice, growing worse with each word.  “I’ll hold them off.  I don’t want you to see me like this.”
The gray in her father’s eyes started to swirl and twist around his pupils.  No.  She didn’t want to see him like that.  She turned away.
But not fast enough to miss the water rising above Andrina’s fishing boat.
The breath caught in her throat as she bumped into Gary.  A mountain of water rose in front of it, blocking it from view.  Another wave.  It rose and drew closer as if a giant were rolling underwater.  Thirty feet high…forty…it would drown the yacht for sure.  When that water crashed down she’d…she’d…
Janelle’s legs seemed to have turned to stone.  Even Mr. Deville froze, holding his mother up as she pressed a hand to her head.  The roar grew louder and filled her ears.  Taller.  Closer.  
Her father stood his ground, facing down the wave.  Another wave rose in front of him.  The yacht dipped in its wake.  Janelle’s stomach rose up into her chest.  She scrambled for the railing, something to hold onto.
He raised both arms like he was pushing an invisible wall away.  His wave lurched forward, rising as it raced out to meet Andrina’s.  
“Janelle, come on!”  Mr. Deville broke his paralysis and took her arm with his free hand.
A deafening crash sounded through the air and shook the boat as the two waves met.  An explosion of water rose up.  Janelle gripped the railing as the boat lurched.  
The tingling came back in a rush, and now it was worse.  Stronger.  Overpowering.  Her legs ached to jump over the rail.  No!  She shook her head to clear out the urge.  It refused to let go.  She might resist it for another few hours—if she was lucky.
“Joey!  Go get the first aid kit,” Mr. Deville ordered as he helped his mother down the stairs and into the cabin.  “She hit her head on the rail.  Might have a concussion.”
Janelle dashed inside after him and shut the door, standing against it for good measure.  But the tingling only got stronger.  No, no…she had to get back out there.  And do what she had to do.  She had to get to the water.  Her legs made to turn her around, but…no, Janelle!  Losing control…she was losing control.  Her knuckles paled as she gripped the windowsill to stop herself.
Gary appeared and clamped his hands down on her shoulders.  “Away from the door, Janelle.”
Even his grip did nothing to stop it.  “Let go of me!” Janelle thrashed against his grip.  A breeze whipped through the inside of the cabin, blowing papers off a nearby table and swirling them in the air.  
“Hold her down,” Camellia said from somewhere.  
Janelle broke loose, bolting for the door, eager to make this stop.  Footfalls thudded behind her.  She yanked the door open so hard it squealed and came off its track.  
“Get back inside!”  Her teacher squeezed into the doorway, pushing her back.  “Come back to the cot and I’ll find the tape player.”
Something about his voice made her stop.  The tingle melted away and the breeze died.
Janelle let out a huge breath and a croak.  That had been way too close.  “This urge.  How do I make it stop?” 
“You don’t.”  Mr. Deville’s gray eyes widened as he stared down at her.  “It only goes away after you change.  I’ll make sure you don’t go anywhere for the time being.”  He pushed her back to the cot.  “Time’s shorter than ever.”
Another crash sounded outside.  The yacht trembled in the shockwave.  More this time.  God.  Her father had blocked another one of Andrina’s waves, but he was losing.  She was getting closer every second.  
Leslie backed into the booth as they passed.  “Janelle, your eyes didn’t look right a minute ago.  Are you okay?”
“Fine.”  Big lie.
Mr. Deville bent over to snatch the tape player and a loose battery. “Alright.  Let’s pray this thing still works.”
“Hank.”  Deon’s voice cut through the air as the hum of the boat faded and died.  He appeared in a doorway to the front.  “We’re in some deep crap, my friend.  You up for a fight?”
Janelle’s stomach lurched.  There was no way to do this in time now.
Her teacher sighed.  “We’re out of fuel, aren’t we?  I told you we should have filled the tank the second we got to Alara.”
Out of fuel.  And out of luck.  
“That was kind of hard when Andrina was coming right at us.  Look, we can argue later.  They’re closing in.”  Deon wiped his palms on his pants and ran out the sliding door.  “Lucas!  We’re coming out to back you up!”
“I’m out of commission,” Camellia said, dabbing a towel to her head.  Joey leaned over her, but she waved him away.  “You go.  I can hold this myself.”
Gary headed for the doorway after Joey, stopped, and turned to face her.  His chest heaved up and down as he spoke.  “Janelle, I have to say—”
“Go!” Camellia yelled with a howl in her voice.  
Gary followed the others outside as another crash rattled the boat.  He grabbed the railing to keep from going overboard.
“Careful!” she yelled out after him.  Her stomach ached and her limbs turned into rubber.  God, what if he got hurt out there?  Or worse?  And it would all be because of her.  
A sob started creeping up in her throat.  If she wound up doing what Andrina wanted, she wouldn’t deserve him, anyway.  She wouldn’t deserve anything.  She’d be a mass murderer.  A monster.  
She’d die.
Leslie hugged her knees in the booth, eyes big as she breathed shallow with a wheezing sound.  Janelle wished she could give her a hug, but what good would it do?  She might not even survive today.
“What now?” she asked instead.  Another ache to run outside stole over her.  But this one was different.  This one was called Gary.
“You’re not going anywhere after that display you just gave us,” Camellia said, folding the bloody towel and pressing it against her face again.  “Sit next to me, would you?  It’s not like you can do anything about the brainwashing with all this fighting going on.  There’s always a chance we could drive them off and have you listen to the tape in a while.”  Her tone didn’t sound too hopeful.  “And you won’t be any good to Gary out there, especially if you go overboard.”
Janelle forced herself to sit and tune out the shouting, crashing, and roaring going on somewhere on the deck.  It was the hardest thing she’d ever done.  Gary was out there, fighting.  Fighting for her, while she couldn’t even help.  She was in here, worthless.  But Camellia was right.  She’d just end up overboard if she went out there, and Gary wouldn’t want that.  And this might be her last moment of sanity.
Leslie whimpered as a loud bang sounded outside.
“Don’t worry.  We’ll get through this,” Janelle told her.  
Another bang.  Another whimper.  
A metallic smell invaded her nostrils—Camellia’s blood.  Janelle winced and made to help her hold the towel up.
“Oh, don’t feel sorry for me.” Camellia held up an arm.  “I’m not a nice woman.  I killed hundreds of people and ruined lives, and I enjoyed it.  And it’s partly my fault that all this is happening.”
Her fault?  If she hadn’t busted them out of the freezer, Andrina would’ve had her already.  “You…you got me off Alara,” Janelle stuttered.  
Nothing from Camellia.  The old woman leaned back and rested her head on the wall.  Even Leslie had gone quiet.  
The calm before the storm, Janelle thought.  
The wind outside died.  Then there came a new noise: the hum of a motor and the parting of water.  It only meant one thing.  
Andrina had arrived.

Chapter Nineteen


“You hide, girl.”  Camellia pointed to Leslie and then down the hall.  “Janelle, you find a room and barricade yourself in it.  I’ll buy you some time.”
Time to move.  Janelle bolted to her friend and took her arm. “Come on, Leslie.  Snap out of it!”
Leslie shook her head as if woken from a nightmare and stood without a word.  All the color had gone from her face.  
Camellia pulled herself up by taking hold of the booth.  She shuffled over to the closet and spread her arms across it.  “I said hide.  They’re almost here.”
Janelle started to move but stopped in mid-step, gripping Leslie’s arm tight.  The brown hull of the fishing boat drifted up alongside the yacht and stopped with a splashing sound.  A wooden ramp descended from it with a bang.  Andrina would board any second now.
“You’re not taking her!” Mr. Deville shouted from outside. 
Janelle darted into the pale blue bedroom, pulling Leslie along and slamming the door behind her.  “I’ll barricade the door.  Here,” she said, gripping a bedpost.  Within seconds, she had the bed on its side up against the entrance.  “Now shut off the light.”
Leslie ran over to the switch.  A click later, near-darkness filled the room.  It wasn’t dim enough to hide Leslie’s slack jaw or her wide eyes.  “Wow.  I guess you weren't kidding," she managed.
Janelle shushed her and held her breath.   Her legs threatened to go out from under her.  Muffled voices and thumps sounded from somewhere.  A fight.  Someone cried out as footfalls thudded into the boat and grew louder.  Her stomach dropped.  What if it was Gary?  Or her dad?
Footfalls grew closer.  They were inside.
“You’re not taking my granddaughter!” Camellia shouted.  
“Move away from the closet, Camellia.  Let’s not be unreasonable,” Andrina said outside the door.  “I don’t want to spill any Tempest blood if I don’t have to, especially yours.  It would be a shame to waste your great power, but I will act if I have to.”
So Camellia was making Andrina think she was in the closet.  It would buy her maybe two minutes.  Janelle searched for an escape.  The porthole was too little to crawl out of.  If she put a hole in the wall, she might end up sinking the boat.
“No.  She’s not a weapon to be used.  Your plan’s barbaric, Andrina.  You have no regard for the Natural Law.  I’m not going to be quiet about it any more.”
“You are calling me barbaric?”  Andrina broke out laughing.  “You, the killer of over five hundred people?”
Silence fell for a few seconds.  Janelle glanced at Leslie, who’d squeezed into the corner.  It was all over.  
“Sorry,” she mouthed to her friend.
Camellia’s voice rose.  “At least I love my family.  Don’t try to help me, Janelle.”
A sick feeling blossomed in her stomach.  No!
A crash followed with the creaking of hinges.  Andrina let out a grunt of triumph.  “She’s mine.”
They were hurting her grandmother.  The words exploded from Janelle’s mouth before she could stop them.  “Leave her alone!”  The world blurred.  Everything seemed to fall away.  She yanked the bed away from the door.
The door flew open a second later.  Andrina stood behind it, smiling.  
Behind her, Camellia slumped against the closet door, gasping for breath and holding her throat.  Her eyes bulged like a frog’s.  Her skin had turned gray.  She was dying…dying.  
“Janelle Morgen.  It’s time.” Andrina took a bold step into the room.
"That isn't my last name!"  She had to get to Camellia.  Janelle charged.
Kevin and Ivanna blocked her way.  Hands clenched her arms like steel traps.
“Let go of me!”  She tugged against their grips.  The world blurred.  It was no use.  Her grandmother—
“Now how are we going to do this?” Kevin asked, gripping her arm tighter.  “She’s going to fight.”
Andrina backed away, coming very close to stepping on Camellia, not that she would have cared.  “Well, I was counting on the fridge to keep her weak, but thanks to my ex we can’t do that.  We’ll have to use the cage and the ice cubes.”
Janelle stopped thrashing.  Cage?  Ice cubes?  A cold rock seemed to settle in her stomach, as if she’d swallowed a bunch already.
“Now keep a good grip on her and quickly bring her over to our boat.  We don’t know if the others will break free,” Andrina ordered.  “Though I don’t think it’s likely.  And leave the human girl.  We’ll deal with her later.”
Leslie let out a breath from the wall.  Janelle did the same.  She looked to her friend and shook her head.   Don’t try to help.  Please.  She wouldn’t be responsible for any more deaths than she had to be.
Andrina moved to the side to let Janelle’s captors to pull her through the doorway.  Camellia lay slumped against the wall, arms limp against her suit.  Her head had lolled down onto her chest.  Was it still going up and down?  She couldn't tell.
“Looks like she passed out.” Andrina nudged Camellia in the hip with her shoe, the fake, sugary sweet mask gone from her face, exposing the real monster within.  “Kevin, make sure you send someone to keep an eye on her.  We can't waste her abilities now."
Janelle’s breath caught in her throat.  A numb feeling filled her being.  Her grandmother was just—
Ivanna and Kevin pulled her past her fallen grandmother.  The world went quiet, like it would stop forever.  Janelle felt too empty to cry.
“Why can’t we just shove her off the boat?” Ivanna asked.  “That’s easier.  I’ve done enough in the past few days.”
“You want to be standing right there when she changes?”  Andrina entered the living room.  It was empty, with papers scattered everywhere.  “Curtis still has a broken arm from when Gary did.  And I don’t want any of you injured at the start of our takeover.”
Janelle hung her head.  She couldn’t breathe.  Operation Reckoning tightened around her like a noose.  
Andrina yanked the sliding door open and they stepped out into the morning air.
They were severely outnumbered.
The two black-haired men who worked on Andrina's yacht stood on the deck, holding Gary by both arms.  Joey lay up against the side of the cabin, and blood ran out of his crooked nose.  He stared into the air, stunned.
“Dad?”  Janelle searched the deck, all the hope inside her flattening like roadkill.  At least a dozen men and women in pajamas held Mr. Deville and Deon prisoner against the wall.  Farther down, four suited Elder Council members stood around her father, forming a tight square around him.  
“Is this necessary, Ma’am?” an older man in front of her father asked.  His suit clung to his skin like a wave had hit him head on. 
Andrina jabbed a finger towards him.  “Yes, it is.  Now bring the others on deck so we can make sure they don’t try anything funny.  And we’re towing this boat back to Alara.  We will need a replacement for what we lost."
Her dad’s gaze fell on her.  “Janelle!”  He thrashed against the Council members, hair wild and eyes wide.  “Fight!  Do what you have to do!”
His words rang in her ears.  Fight.  How, with two dozen Tempests against her?  There was no way.
“This way,” Andrina ordered, striding up the wooden ramp to the fishing boat.  Ivanna tugged Janelle’s arm and sidestepped up the ramp while Kevin pushed her from behind.  The ocean rippled between the boats.  She felt dizzy.  
Janelle stumbled over the end of the ramp and onto the soaked deck of the fishing boat.  More feet thudded against the ramp behind her.  There was no escaping now.  
A shark cage sat on the other side of a puddle, waiting for her.  Its thick steel bars dripped with moisture and its door stood wide open.  A cable connected it to one of the yellow pulleys, and a huge bucket of ice sat next to it.
Her father’s voice rang through her mind.  Fight.  She was on her own.  If they got her in there, she was doomed.
Andrina walked across the puddle, sending little ripples across it with her heels.  “Bring our captives over here,” she barked, pointing to a dry space between the water and the railing.  “I want them to watch my success.  Especially Lucas.  Put him near the front.”
Figures paraded up the ramp, Deon and his three captors the first among them.  A wiry man in pajama shorts nudged him from behind and said, “I didn’t get rudely woken up to dawdle around here all day.”
Gary came next.  He didn’t even look up as his captors led him along.  He’d failed, like her.  A pang shot through her at the sight of him staring down at the deck, bangs hanging in his face.  He was going to see this.  Would he even look at her ever again after the Operation?
Joey dragged his feet and groaned as Alec and a middle-aged woman pulled him along.  Mr. Deville and her father came up in the rear, guarded by the suited members of the Elder Council.  
Janelle turned away as far as Kevin and Ivanna would allow her.  Their grips tightened on her arms, but she barely noticed the pain.  She couldn’t face her dad now, not when this was all her fault.
“I was actually hoping that you could join us, Lucas,” Andrina said in her sugary voice, but underneath it was hurt, anger, and revenge.  “Oh, why the tears?”
Janelle squinted at her father.  She couldn’t help it.  Tears streamed down his cheeks.  She’d never seen him cry before.  Bile rose in her throat like he might vomit.  None of this would have happened if she’d just gone to the Bahamas with him instead of running away.
Andrina began pacing past the small crowd in front of her.  “I have one last word before Janelle begins her work.  I would like to thank Gary Plankett for making this wonderful moment possible.”
Janelle felt her jaw go slack.  Gary?  What?
She faced him, expecting to see some recognition on his face.  There was none.  His mouth had dropped open, too.  
“Oh, don’t look so shocked, Gary.”  Andrina stopped in front of him.  “Time was short and it was necessary to find my daughter.  I knew her time to change was close, and that Lucas would move her back to the coast before it happened.  So I made a special tape for you to listen to before your transformation and played it while you were sleeping.  You never knew.  In it was my instructions to seek out Janelle and change back right in front of her.”
“What?” Gary leaned forward against his captors’ grips with huge eyes.  “That isn’t true!”
“Oh, but it is.”  Andrina grabbed his chin.  “I knew Janelle would see your birthmark and visit you in the hospital.  It was only a matter of waiting, and she accepted the bait.”  She took a few steps back into the puddle.  “You didn’t think everything falling into place like this was mere coincidence, did you?”
The Tempest High Leader stared at the crowd.  Scattered applause rose up.
Andrina whirled around and smiled.  “You’re going to make me very proud, Janelle.  Here, I’ll get the door.”  She made for the shark cage and held the door open.
Icy terror raced through her veins.  Another tingle started to spread through her limbs.  “I…I can break out of that,” Janelle stammered.  She needed to try something to stall.  Anything.
“Sure you can, when the ice we pour on you wears off.” Andrina waved her closer.  “But by then you’ll be dangling over the ocean.  And I’ve had this model specially reinforced as it was only designed to deal with sharks.  Now, I suggest everyone stand on the other side of the boat as we lower her into the water.”
Gary’s voice met her ears.  “Janelle, I’m sorry!  I never meant for this to happen!”
Ivanna and Kevin dragged her closer to the cage.  The door stood open like a mouth ready to swallow her.  All the strength went from her legs.  She couldn’t walk.  She couldn’t scream.  She—
“Andrina!”
Everyone stopped.  Janelle jumped in place.  It couldn’t be.  
Camellia stood by the ramp, one arm slung over Leslie’s shoulder for support.  She wobbled in place.  Balling her fists, she glared at Andrina with eyes filled with raging clouds.  “Be sure you finish the job next time.”
A growl escaped Andrina’s throat.  “Are you challenging me?"
“No!  Get out of there!” Janelle’s voice rang high in her ears as she thrashed against her captors’ grips.  Her grandmother stood no chance in her condition.  And neither did Leslie, period.  
“Don’t look, Janelle.”  Camellia advanced, eyes locked with Andrina’s.  
Leslie backed down the ramp.  The crowd on the other side of them cringed.  Mr. Deville blanched.  Janelle tried to look away.  But she couldn’t.
Her grandmother dashed forward to meet Andrina, who raised her arms to block the attack.  No use.  Andrina came off her feet and flew back into the side of a pulley with a loud clang.  She crumpled to the deck and lay still.
Gasps erupted from the crowd, but nobody came forward to help the Tempest High Leader up.
Camellia staggered towards her, grimacing with each step.  “As a member of the Elder Council, I call for you to step down from power.  You’ve got no right to harm your own kind.”
Andrina lifted herself from the deck and wobbled in place.  The gray in her eyes spun around her pupils.  “Camellia, please.  Now is not the time for this.  Follow me, and I’ll spare your life.”
No.  Camellia wouldn’t back down.  She needed help.  Janelle lurched forward against the grips of Ivanna and Kevin.  No use.  Her left hand started to go numb as Kevin gripped it even tighter.  
Her grandmother faced her, eyes spinning and churning.  “You’re the strongest of us, Janelle.  Act like it.”  
And with those words hanging in the air, she charged at Andrina once more.
But Andrina was ready this time.  She reached up with one hand to catch her.  Janelle squeezed her eyes shut as she took Camellia by the throat and lifted her off the deck.  She couldn’t watch.  
A gasp.  And then there was a snap and a heavy thud.  


Chapter Twenty


At first, only the sound of Mr. Deville's sobs filled the air.  Then the murmurs started.
“…illegal to kill another Tempest…”
“What was that about?”
“…must have gone nuts, the old woman.”
Janelle opened her eyes on the nightmare she’d tried to shut out.  
God.  
Camellia lay on her side with Andrina grinding her high heel into her shoulder.  Her limp hand sat on the pavement only a few feet from Mr. Deville.  Her uncle’s chest heaved up and down with every sob.
“Would anyone else like to try this?” Andrina beckoned.  She gave Camellia a kick and sent her rolling onto her stomach.  "A sad day, this is.  We've started fighting amongst ourselves now.  If we don't stay united, I fear for our survival."
Janelle’s fists clenched.  Her breath came in ragged gasps.  Andrina had just--she’d just--
People bit their lips and glanced at each other.  Her dad wrestled against the Elder Council, teeth clenched.  Gary stared with huge eyes.  But no one dared come forward.  No one wanted to be the first.  
A faint roar started in the back of Janelle’s mind and grew louder like an oncoming train.
Never again could she let Andrina take another life.  Any life, human or Tempest.  “I would.”
Andrina folded her arms and smiled.  “I don’t think you’re in a position to do anything right now, sweetie.”
The roar grew louder in her mind.  The puddle of water—ocean water—glared at her in the sunlight.  The crowd stood right at its edge…and Gary’s shoes were almost touching it.  
Oh, Andrina was about to find out how wrong she was.
“Gary,” Janelle whispered.  “Splash me.”
He glanced at her with big eyes.  “Huh?” 
“Just do it!”
Gary swung one foot back as if to punt a football.  His captors scrambled to block his foot, but too late.  
“No!”  Andrina charged forward, heels clicking against the dock.  
A silver blob of water raced up for Janelle and washed over her skin.  
The train hit.   Roaring and tingling filled Janelle’s body.  Her birthmark went on fire.  A growl escaped her throat as she thrashed against her captors’ grips.  Ivanna fell to the side and Kevin backed away.  She was free.  
Andrina stopped a few feet away.  “Don’t play this game with me.  You won't win.”  A stiff breeze snapped over the deck in warning.
Tremors racked Janelle’s body and her voice came out like a screaming wind.  “You killed my grandmother!” 
Andrina put her hands on her hips like it was nothing.  “She attacked me, Janelle.  Everyone here saw that.” 
It seemed as if a little toothpick holding her brain up had snapped.  She rushed at Andrina.  Water splashed around her feet.  
But Andrina reached out and seized her arms, stopping her in her tracks.  Her grip tightened, sending an ache up Janelle’s arms.  
“Don’t make me break these,” she growled, pulling Janelle off the ground.  “Because I will if I have to.  I’ve been waiting years for the Operation and you’re not going to spoil it.”
The roaring in her head started to fade.  The pain in her arms went from an ache to a scream.  The effect of the water was wearing off.  She tried to bring it back.  Nothing.  So she struggled to yank her arms from Andrina’s monster grip.  Still nothing.  If she couldn’t, then—
Andrina dragged her backwards, towards the cage.  “Kevin, by the ice!  Ivanna, take the pulley!”
Janelle struggled to yank her arms from her grip.  But no use.  Her feet dangled inches above the deck.   She had nothing to push off of.  Except—
“No!”  She kicked her feet until she found Andrina’s shins.  
The Tempest High Leader wobbled and cried out.  Her monster grip loosened—
And Janelle tumbled to the puddle.  Water seeped in through her pants.  The roar filled her being again and her birthmark came back to life.  It was power, and it was all at her disposal.
She shot up and faced Andrina, who rubbed her leg with a grimace.  Wind snapped across the deck, blowing her hair into her face.  The ocean churned around them.  The boat lurched side to side.  People screamed.  The crowd fell apart and went for the railings.  
Janelle stiffened to keep her footing.  The roar filled her head.  She was doing all this.
“Save this for later.  You’ll have plenty of time to show everyone your power,” Andrina shouted, bracing against the wind.  “Though I am impressed.  Anyone of my stock would have to be a natural at this.”
Andrina looked over her shoulder.  At something.  At someone.
Janelle spun around.  
Alec and the other black-haired man crept closer in ambush, but stopped as her gaze landed on them.
“Back off!” 
Her voice washed over the deck in a roar.  People jumped.  A blast of wind whipped around her and shot at Alec, shoving him back towards her uncle.  
Mr. Deville’s eyes widened, but not at Alec.  “Watch out!” 
She’d turned her back on Andrina.
A gray-sleeved arm wrapped around her neck, constricting her throat.  “You fell for that too easy,” Andrina said, pulling her back.  “Now be a good girl and help us rise to power.”
Andrina pulled her closer to the cage.  She had seconds to act, before the roar faded again.  “Let go!”  She raised one foot and brought it down on Andrina’s heel with full force.  
Crunch.  
A howl rang in her ears.  Andrina’s arm loosened and Janelle pulled her head through.  To safety.  To freedom.  
“Hey!” Kevin yelled, rushing towards her.  Sunglasses bounced on his face as he pushed running bodies out of the way.  A woman fell to the deck in his wake, dragging Ivanna with her.  
Janelle took a breath and the wind gathered around her, spinning and screaming and pushing Andrina out of the way.  People scattered and backed off, even her father, but she had no time to care what they thought of her.  Kevin stopped short as his mouth fell open.  He wasn’t even going to try.  
Janelle raised her arms to shoot a blast of wind at him.  But someone rushed in front of her, feet thudding on the deck.  Black hair bounced up and down.  Gary.
Gary rushed through the wind and at Kevin.  
Kevin raised his arms, but too late.  Two bodies collided and rushed for the railing.  A pair of sunglasses shot across the deck as a flailing foot hit them.  Kevin cried out as he toppled overboard and hit the water with a splash.  
Gary pointed to the cage door.  “Now!” 
Andrina stood feet from it, grimacing in agony and grabbing her broken foot.  Kevin yelled for someone to drop him a rope.  Everyone else ran around in confusion.  It was now or never.
The roar in Janelle’s head—and the wind around her—started fading.  Now!  She raised her hands, and the wind did what she wanted this time.  It rushed at Andrina like water from a fire hose, whipping at her clothes and sending her tumbling back into the shark cage.  She screamed as she landed, but the wind drowned her out.
Gary slammed the door and fumbled with all its locks.  “Throw the ice on her!  I’ll get the pulley.”
The roar in her head died.  They didn't have long to act.  Janelle seized the bucket and let the contents tumble into the cage.  
Ice cubes rained down on Andrina’s head and gathered around her feet.  She cried out again and brushed them off her.  
Janelle ignored her and pulled locks across the door.  There.  This might hold her while they figured out what to do.
Then, she realized that silence had fallen over the deck.
Everyone had stopped.  Her dad, her uncle—everybody.  Even the Elder Council stared at the sight in front of them, uncertain.  If the crowd attacked, they would be far outnumbered.  She looked over to Gary, but he was already moving, cranking on the lever and hoisting the cage in the air.  
Andrina seethed as the cable squeaked and grew taut above her.  “What is the meaning of this?”  The cage lifted more.  “Put me down!  This is pointless.  Oh, when I get out of here I’m going to—”
“You won’t get out of there.  I won’t let you hurt Janelle.”  Gary looked down as he turned the lever in grinding circles, as if he were averting his eyes.  Behind him, the other Tempests watched in awe, but no one moved.  “You can’t change when you go underwater until Janelle does.”
A jolt ran through Janelle at his words.  Kevin splashed in the water somewhere nearby.
He was planning to kill Andrina right here in front of everyone, breaking the Tempest law.  It filled her with a strange, empty, hollow feeling, like the world was turning gray and hard to make out anymore.  "Gary, you don't have to make anything up to me."
Andrina looked to the ocean and gripped the metal bars.  She knew.  Ice cubes rained to the deck.  Her eyes widened in horror.  “No!  You can’t!  I’m Tempest High Leader.”  She clawed at the thick bars, but they only gave an inch.  The ice had made her too weak to break out.  “Janelle, stop him.  Don’t let him kill your mother!”
More silence.  Camellia lay on the deck, where Andrina had thrown her like a piece of trash.
Andrina cared for nobody.  But…Janelle just couldn't.  "Gary--"
Her father appeared at his side before she could finish.  “Gary, hold it right there.”
Gary let go of the lever.  Andrina dangled eight feet above the deck, shivering and standing on one leg.  She stared down at Janelle’s dad with huge eyes, pleading.  
“Dad?” Janelle asked.  Her voice had returned to normal.  What?  Why was he—
He faced her for a second.  His eyes were still bloodshot, and his face, tired.  “I won’t have her blood on either of your hands.  Step away from the controls, Gary.”  
Gary did.  
And her father took his place.  He turned the crank few more times and the cage holding Andrina rose another foot.  
Janelle swallowed.  It would end now.  She couldn’t watch.  But she couldn’t look away.
“Lucas!”  Andrina’s shrill voice washed over the deck as she worked at prying loose another pair of bars.  “You were my husband.  Remember the love we shared.”
Her dad squeezed his eyes shut and trembled for a long time.  “It was a lie.”  He slammed his fist down on a button.
The pulley swung the cage over the water.  Kevin splashed in its shadow.  
An arm wrapped around Janelle from the side.  Gary’s.  She let him pull her close.  Numbness filled her being.  The world blurred around her.  It all felt like a movie, or a nightmare she’d wake up from. 
“All of you.  Do something!” Andrina ordered the scattered crowd.  She reached through the bars and clawed at the locks.  “Please!”
Janelle whirled around.  The Elder Council watched with arms folded behind their backs.  They’d made their decision.  An older man nodded at her father, mouth bent into a solemn frown.  The others all watched with mouths agape.  But no one, not even Ivanna, came forward.
At last, an older man, one of the suited members of the Elder Council, spoke.  "We cannot," he said in a voice barely under control.  "The punishment for murdering another Tempest is death.  The sentence must be carried out."
"But I'm Tempest High Leader, and she attacked me.  I--"
Her father slammed his fist down on the control panel again.
With a squeal, the pulley lever spun and the cage dropped.  
Kevin’s scream pierced the air before a metallic thud and a splash silenced him forever.
The cage lurched to the side as it began to sink.  Andrina clawed at the top, gasping for air as water foamed around her chest.  “No!  Please!  I don’t want to drown!”
Janelle almost ran for her.  Almost.  
Tina was your mother, Janelle.  
She gripped her dolphin necklace tight and held her breath, burying her eyes in Gary's shirt.  
There was a watery sucking sound, and then nothing.  Darkness swam in front of Janelle's eyelids for seemingly days as Gary rubbed his hand down the back of her shirt.  When she opened her eyes, she found her father feet away, grasping the cable itself and pulling it until it snapped in two.  The broken cable whipped over the rail and disappeared into the foaming ocean.
Somewhere, a seagull cackled.
Her dad raised a hand to his forehead, leaned against the pulley, and fell to his knees.  He stayed there for an eternity more.
Janelle stared down at her shoes and at beam of yellow sunlight creeping over the deck.  Only the sound of the water lapping against the boat filled the air.  No tears came.  No sobs.  Her mother had just drowned, trapped in rising water like her nine hundred victims, and she felt…nothing.
Gary released her arm.  Her dad’s voice quavered as he hugged her from the side.  “It’s..it’s over, Janelle.  We’re free.”
Free.  No Operation Reckoning.  No thousands of deaths.  
She leaned against his warmth, unable to speak and unable to cry.  Everything had gone numb.  The world seemed to fade away like an old painting.  It no longer mattered.  
Until the footsteps tapped closer all around her.  
Janelle’s breath caught.  The other Tempests closed in, the suited Elder Council members leading them.  Mr. Deville and Deon walked behind them, holding Joey up by his arms.  Every set of eyes had landed on her.  Staring.  And accusing?  
She shrank against her father, heart pounding.  They’d come all this way to get ripped apart by Andrina’s followers.  “What now?”
“It’s okay, honey.  Stand tall.”  He spoke in a soft voice and gave her a pat on the back.  “You’re Tempest High Leader now.”
“What?” she exploded.  Tempest High Leader?  “Me?”
Her father nudged her towards the crowd.  “Of course.  You’re Andrina’s only heir.  Go ahead.”
The Elder Council stopped two steps away, eyes locked with hers.  And the three men and three women went down to their knees, bowing their heads.
And one by one, the other Tempests sank to their knees as the sun rose higher on a new day.

* * * * *

“You finally awake, honey?”  Her father leaned down over her, the early morning sun shining behind him.  Leslie stood against the wall behind him, the color returned to her face.  Her friend was far more relaxed today. 
Janelle blinked the sleep from her eyes and shifted under the covers of the same boat cot she’d tried to sleep in yesterday morning.  The yacht swayed gently underneath as she eyed the tape player. “Yeah.  Did it actually work this time?”  
“Hopefully,” Leslie said.  “You like, listened to it all night.  It almost put me to sleep.”
Janelle agreed.  Even without the tape, she would’ve passed out last night.  The day before went by in a blur.  Joey needed medical attention for his broken nose, and was taken on a speedboat to the Bahamas.  Leslie called home to tell her mom she was alive.  Her grandmother’s body had to go back to Alara for a memorial service.  And the Elder Council had made arrangements for the start of Janelle’s rule.  They’d made Janelle stay below decks for hours yesterday, and she was still here, floating out on the ocean that still wanted to claim her.  By now, if she caught a whiff of the water, she’d jump in.  
It all seemed like a dream now, with the sun pouring into the yacht and Leslie here, just like in her old life.  
Her father tapped the tape recorder.  “You slept since seven last night, so this must have erased Andrina’s suggestions for sure.  Your natural path has to be restored by now, so whatever you do, it won’t be destroying New York City.”
“That’s always good to know,” Janelle said, tossing the pillow to the side and leaning against the wall of her cubby.  Now she could leave Operation Reckoning behind her like some horrible nightmare.  And the other Tempests would have to now, too.  She said so.
Mr. Deville appeared around the corner with Elise, one of the Elder Council women.  She smiled as she looked at Janelle and fluffed up her white hair.  “Ma’am, how are you feeling?  I know you had a long day yesterday.”
Janelle sat up.  How was she supposed to feel after all that?  The loss of her newfound grandmother left a hole inside her somewhere, but the rest…“I don’t know.”
“This has been a big shock for all of us,” her father piped in.  “She had no idea about anything a few days ago.  I've been preparing her, but I had no idea she’d take the throne so soon.  We have a lot to work out.  And with my mother and all—” He didn’t finish.
Janelle wiped fresh tears away, hoping that no one had seen.  Camellia might have killed hundreds, but at the end, did she regret it?  Perhaps she'd been trying to atone for it by facing Andrina.  The thought left an ache in her that wanted to have another chance to know her a little better.
“Certainly, Lucas.  I understand.  We’ll be here to help both of you adjust,” Elise said, clasping her hands and leaning against a cabinet.  “I’m so relieved that monster’s gone.  I had the most horrible feeling she was planning to get rid of the Elder Council and turn into a dictator.”
“I'm sure she was.”  Janelle brought a hand to her face and stared into it for a while.  A few days ago she’d run from Gary on the beach, unable to believe the truth.  Now she was Tempest High Leader and responsible for almost two thousand Tempests around the world, according to the Elder Council.  It was too much to absorb.  “Dad,” she said, looking up and squinting against the morning light.  “What’s going to happen?  I don’t see how I’m going to go to school.  Or college.  When do we go home?”  She glanced at Leslie, leaving far more questions unspoken.  Her friend stared back, no doubt thinking along the same lines.  And what about my friends?
He patted her on the knee.  “We’ll be living on Alara from now on.  And we’ve got more than enough money now to bring in a tutor.  You’ll get your diploma, no problem.  You can get into a very good college now.”  He winked.  “You can do this, Janelle.  Lots of Tempest High Leaders have had jobs outside of politics.”  He smiled as Mr. Deville squashed in beside Elise and Leslie, barely leaving any room around her cubby.  “She’s going to make a much better leader than Andrina, that’s for sure.”
He actually thought she could do this, but she wasn't so sure.
Janelle swung her legs around the bed as a thought hit her.  Things had changed.  She could make things right.  “Elise, we need to send those kids Andrina kidnapped back to their parents.  And call Gary’s mom and let her know he’s okay.”
Elise’s wrinkles deepened as she smiled.  “Of course.  Oh, so many people are going to be happy to read about this in Surge tomorrow.” 
Her father sat down next to her, glasses shining.  “You’re more cut out for this than you think.  It’ll be a lot of responsibility, but you’ll travel the world with a fortune at your disposal.  You’ve got a private jet in the Bahamas and a vacation home in Hawaii.  And you’re going to be living in a tropical paradise.  We’ll show you the rest of Alara when you get back.  The beach is breathtaking.”  He paused.  “You could even invite Leslie for a vacation if you want.  It’s not like she doesn’t know about us now.”
"That would be great," she said, sharing a smile with Leslie.  Maybe this wouldn't be so bad.  But she felt her smile die as she recalled his words: when you get back.  They only meant one thing.  
Maybe one thing she could change now.
She stood as tall as she could, hoping she looked commanding. “I’m not going to become a hurricane.  No Tempest is going to change ever again if I can help it.”
Elise made a tsk sound and shook her head.  “Ma’am, you can’t do anything outside the Natural Law.  It’s there to keep everything running the way it should.  And it says every Tempest must become a storm when their name is up.  That includes you.”
Leslie's face grew pale again.  Janelle couldn't meet her gaze.  Her heart raced as she felt all the sunlight vanish inside her.  This was a mistake.  She couldn't come all this way just to have her hope yanked from her like this.  She took a step back and swallowed over a lump in her throat.  “If I don’t change, there won’t be any more hurricanes.  It’ll save thousands of lives.”
Elise folded her arms behind her back.  “No.  It’ll kill millions of people, ruin the planet’s ecosystems, destroy livelihoods, and generally throw everything into chaos.”
Janelle furrowed her brows.  The words hung in the air.  “Huh?”
Her father wiped his palms off on his pants.  “Hank, go get those printouts.  This is the talk I wanted to have with her before she ran away."  He extended his hand towards her.  "Come sit on the couch with me, Janelle.  Leslie, you’re excused.  Have a safe trip back.  And I want Gary to listen in, too.  It might relieve some of his guilt.”
Leslie went above decks to the waiting speedboat they’d called for yesterday.  Deon was taking her back to civilization.  She stopped in the doorway and gave a nervous wave to Janelle. “See you.  Call me when you can.”
Janelle nodded, too miserable to say anything, too jealous that her friend was going back to the world she wanted to return to, and settled into the cushions of the couch.  The boat started outside and sped away, its motor growing fainter and fainter.  She wished she were on it, heading back to the mainland.
Her father sat down beside her and waved Gary over to the booth, who had come in from outside.  She had barely noticed even him.  Mr. Deville handed her father a bundle of papers, probably the same ones that had blown off the table yesterday.  
Janelle clawed at her jeans.  “Okay.  What was it you wanted to tell me?”
Her father took them and shuffled them around, flipping some over and smoothing out creases.  He cleared his throat.  “Contrary to what Andrina said, Tempests aren’t here to slaughter people.  It’s a side effect of what we have to do, but it’s not our purpose.”
“Then what is our purpose?” Gary asked, brushing the bangs back from his face.  “Andrina never told us anything else.  With her it was all just ‘kill, kill, kill before they find us first.'”
“I know.  That’s why I had this printed out before we left to get you.  Take a look.”  He handed the bundle of papers to Janelle as Gary shuffled over to sit next to her.  Good.  He made her feel a little better, being there.  At least he understood.
Janelle shifted on the cushion.  Her father had printed out a bunch of stuff from the Internet.  She read the title to the one on top: Hurricanes Play Major Role in Earth’s Heat Balance, Scientists Say.  Janelle flipped the paper to the back.  Hurricanes deposit sediment in marshes and provide many areas with the rainfall needed to sustain life.  A news article.  Area Farmers in Need of Joey’s Rains.  
Her arms trembled as she lowered the papers to her lap.  “So this is it?”
Her dad lowered his voice.  “The point is that if it weren’t for us, life on this planet would be in horrible danger.  Droughts would take over in places and kill crops.  People would starve.  Species would go extinct.  The world’s heat would stay in the tropics and make them too hot to live in without storms to carry it away.  It would be a huge, huge disaster.”  He leaned forward, elbows on his knees.  “I know this is going to sound strange, Janelle, but by doing our job, we’re saving lives.”
“What?” Gary leapt from the couch, echoing Janelle’s thoughts exactly.
“You ended a bad dry spell Florida was having.  I bet Andrina never told you that part,” her father said.  “It was on the news.  Of course, you probably avoided the TV after you changed back.”
“Actually, I ripped the wires out of the hospital one so Andrina couldn’t torture me with it.  Janelle, you need a tissue?”  Gary sat back down and took her arm.
Tears had filled her eyes without warning, blurring the pages on her lap.  Great.  Now she was going to cry in front of everyone.  She put her face down in her hands before her father could see and let the tears flow.  She hadn’t wanted to hear all this.  She hadn’t wanted there to be a reason she had to change.  
“What’s wrong?”  Her father rubbed his hand up and down her back.
She could barely choke the words out.  “I’m scared, okay?”
“I was when it was my time, too.  My mother couldn’t comfort me.  It was why she didn’t tell my little brother anything when it was his turn.  I'm sure that's the reason I held back from telling you as well.  But it’ll be okay.”
“But what if I am like Andrina?”
“You’re not.  Trust me on this,” her father said.  “Just because you have a lot of power doesn’t mean you have to be a monster.  You think I’m not as strong as my mother was?  I chose to restrain myself.  And you will, too.”
Janelle lifted her head and stared out the window for a long time.  She blinked the water from her eyes.  The ocean sparkled outside and the sun shined on a calm day.  “What’s it like?  The change, I mean?”
“It’s nothing to be afraid of, honey.  It’s an enjoyable experience.”  He smiled at Gary.  “You didn’t tell her that, did you?  Were you too embarrassed?”
Gary shook his head.  And blushed.  “I…I didn’t want her to think the wrong thing about me.” 
Her father pointed to the papers.  “Look at the last page there, Janelle.  I think I know what it is you’re going to do.”
Janelle sucked in a breath and wiped the last of the moisture from her eyes.  She flipped to the final page of the packet and read the bold words across the top.  No End in Sight for Northeast Drought, Water Restrictions in Place.  
Her father wrapped his hand around her forearm.  “Come on.  We’ll be there when you change back.”
Janelle rose without a word and followed him outside.


Chapter Twenty-One


A hurricane spun over the waters of the Atlantic.  
She had started out as a mere wisp of cloud—nothing, in other words—only a few days ago, floating aimlessly along whatever path the wind took her.  Disappointment plagued her for the first few hours of drifting over the ocean with the other wisps, with nothing to look at but the curvature of the earth and nothing to do.  Her dad had lied.  Again.  This was so boring.
But no, Janelle thought.  She was special.  And meant for something greater.
The heat from the ocean below drifted up towards her.  Like the aroma of a feast.  She fed on it, growing stronger and absorbing the clouds around her as the sun set.  This was better.  Maybe her dad hadn’t lied too bad this time.
The first night came and she started to spin as the ocean’s power coursed through her new body.  On the second day she grew stronger still, until an intoxicating roar filled her being.  Now on the third day, she was getting somewhere.
The ocean churned below as Janelle flew ahead.  Never before had she felt so free.  So able to leave behind all the crap of her other life.  The memories of the past few days.  But this wouldn’t last forever.  She’d have to go back to that life soon.  
The sun set for a third time.  Janelle kept feeding off the heat of the water, gathering more and more of its moisture around herself like a cloak.  She’d need it for later.  She wasn’t sure why…but it was the right thing to do.
By Day Number Four, an incredible power raced through her like a million thunderstorms.  Invigorating.  Alive.  
But land appeared on the horizon.  It stretched up and down like a green and brown splatter of mud.  No sparkling ocean lay beyond its borders…and no fuel.  And she was getting slowly closer to it.  Great.  This would have to end, and soon.  
She tried to stop and turn back, but no use.  Something urged her on.  Pushing her.  She had better enjoy this while it lasted.
Three more days passed.  The land got closer.  And closer.  So she moved forward as slowly as she could, savoring this amazing power.  And every night, the stars shined overhead with nothing to ruin the spectacular view.  Meteorites streaked across the sky.
As the sun peeked over the horizon on the seventh day, she took a turn to the north.  It felt right to do so.  Janelle flew faster, the power within her singing as she moved.  Why had she ever been afraid to do this?  She’d never enjoyed anything more in her life.
But the land had come closer by day number eight—much closer.  Now Janelle moved alongside it, keeping a safe distance but going faster.  And faster.  Gray blobs—cities?—lined the distant coastline.  
A distant little voice reared up in her consciousness.  Show them no mercy.  But it faded away like an old, moldy nightmare.  It wasn’t important.  Then her father’s voice replaced it.  Control yourself, Janelle.  You’ll spare more lives.  That was better.
The coast curved up ahead…and now she was on a collision course with it.  Crap.  She’d nearly forgotten.  She had to calm down before she got to it.  Janelle urged herself to slow with all her might, but she couldn’t…the energy of the ocean kept floating up towards her, tempting her.  She could savor it one more time, just one more…No, she thought over and over.  The land drew closer and she didn’t have time for this. 
The roar began to fade.  The energy drained from Janelle as she rejected the ocean’s offer of more.  Hours passed.  Her body grew feebler and started to break apart. She was starving to death.
The rocky shore crept in under her now, battered by her waves.  And then the ocean vanished completely.  Only trees, buildings, roads, and fields stretched out under her now.
No warmth.  No energy.  The last of her life drained away.  So tired, she was so tired.  Any minute, this would end.
They were nearby.  Her father, Hank, and Gary.  She could sense them somewhere below, waiting.  It was time to go back now.
A wobble shook her being.  Janelle’s awareness dropped from the sky as if a trapdoor had opened.  Wisps of cloud rushed past.  An invisible box seemed to close in, squashing her down to a tiny point with a hollow whoosh that rushed in from all sides.  The world went black and she spun around tighter and tighter.  She was going to pass out.  She was going to—
With a sloshing sound, it all stopped.
Janelle stood on a muddy road, trembling in place.  Her clothes stuck to her like a second skin, soaked.  She fell to her knees—she had legs again—and sank into the soft earth as a tiny peek of sunlight filtered down through the surrounding trees.
A motor grumbled behind her.  Footfalls approached.  But who cared?  Nap.  She needed a nap.  It sounded good she didn’t care if she had to take it in the middle of the road.  
“Janelle, it’s over.  Let’s get you somewhere where you can sleep.”  Her father appeared above her.  “Gary, get her legs.  We’ll lay her out on the backseat of the van.”
Gary.  Her dad.  They were here.  Just like they’d said they’d be.
Gary took one arm.  Her father the other.  
Everything blurred.  Her legs dragged as they pulled her along.  A van door slid open and she landed on a firm, velvety surface as hands released her.  The backseat.  A tickle formed in her throat and she coughed.  Mr. Deville closed the door and sat in the seat right in front of her.  
Gary sat beside her.  “It’s okay,” he said, letting her rest her head on his shoulder.
Her father climbed into the driver’s seat.  Gravel crunched as the van rolled down the deserted road.
Janelle lay against Gary and closed her eyes, listening as the rain she had brought to this place started to pummel down on the land again.

* * * * *

She woke up swaddled in thick blankets and lying on a lumpy mattress.  
Ugly brown curtains hung down to one side of her.  Her father, Mr. Deville, and Gary sat on the edge of another bed, facing a television with the volume so low that she could only hear the high pitched whine. They’d tilted it away from her.
“She’s awake,” Gary said, tapping her father on the shoulder.
Her father took the remote and clicked off the television.  “How you feeling, honey?”
Janelle moved her arms and legs, flexing the joints.  It felt so strange to have them again, like she’d been crammed into a body she hadn’t learned how to control yet.  “Weird.”
“That’s normal.”  Her dad walked over and sat on the side of her bed.  “You’ll feel fine tomorrow and we’ll get a flight out of here.”
She looked around at the motel room.  “Where are we?”
“Rhode Island.”
Janelle groaned and sank back into the pillow.  A queasy feeling filled her stomach.  The past week felt like the strangest dream ever.  Perhaps, it was.  She couldn’t believe she had enjoyed the transformation.  But--
“How bad?” she asked.
“What do you mean?”  Her father patted her knee.
Every muscle in her body tightened at his words.  “How bad was I?  You know what I’m talking about.”  She’d find out sooner or later, so it might as well get it over with now.  Her heart raced as she waited for his answer.
“Nothing catastrophic as far as we go.  You calmed down enough when the time came.”  He parted the curtains to peek outside.  “You worried everyone for a few days, though.”
“Worried everyone?  It was the biggest evacuation in this country’s history,” Gary said.
“Gary!” he snapped, pulling the curtains together. 
“Well, she wanted the truth,” he said.
Janelle sat bolt upright as his words sank in.  Leave it to Gary to be blunt.  “He’s kidding, right?” 
“Actually, no, he’s not,” Mr. Deville said.  “You, uh, inherited both Andrina’s and my mom’s power, all right.  Broke some records, too.  It was pretty scary for a little while.”
“But it worked out all right,” her father said with a force that made them both go silent.  “People got a good scare, but maybe that’s a blessing in case someone like Andrina comes along again.  But they also breathed a big sigh of relief when you calmed down.”  He lowered his voice and faced her.  “Do you want the details?”
Janelle shook her head, speechless.  Details.  They could wait.  She needed her head to stop spinning first.
“That’s fine,” her father said.  “You can always seek them out when you’re ready.  Now, what do you want from Burger Planet?”

* * * * *

Two days later, they returned to Alara on the new boat Deon had bought with his insurance money, leaving from the same marina in the Bahamas they’d meant to leave from two weeks before.  Janelle could sit back and relax on the journey.  Not like last time.  That tingling and urge to jump in the ocean was gone.  The mountain had partially lifted from her shoulders.
Even Gary’s mood had improved.  He smiled more and didn’t make quite as many negative comments.  She played cards and watched movies with him late into the night.  It was the best couple of days she’d had in a long time, period.
Her dad woke her up early the next morning, dressed in a tan business jacket.  “You’ve got to get ready to present yourself, honey.  You can’t show up on Alara in jeans.”
Janelle blinked the sleep from her eyes and pushed the covers off.  Oh, no.  She’d almost forgotten about her new role as Tempest High Leader.  
Butterflies raced around in her stomach as she combed her hair and brushed her teeth.  A couple of business suits hung on the inside of the bathroom door, a tan one and a lavender one.  Her father knew better than to bring her any gray ones.
She plucked the lavender one out of its bag—it looked like something Andrina never would’ve worn—and put it on.  A pair of dress shoes waited on the floor, and they weren’t high heels.
“Everyone’s going to be staring at me,” Janelle said a minute later, closing the bathroom door behind her.  She’d never dressed like this in her life.  And it felt weird.
“You look fine,” her father said.  “Everything’s going to turn out all right.  And according to a poll that Surge took, most Tempests are pretty optimistic that you’ll do a better job than Andrina.  You’ll see.”
Everyone gathered at the front of the boat as Deon steered it closer to Alara and through its winding cave.  This time, it didn't have the same sinister feel.  The cave and the green water seemed almost beautiful.  
Janelle reached out and took Gary’s hand, holding it tight.  
The cave opened up into its underground marina, and standing on the opposite dock was a huge group of people.  
Janelle’s stomach tightened and she fought down an urge to run and hide.  People seemed to have come from all over the planet to meet her: Asia, Africa, India, and who knew where else.   There were whole families, even.  Including little kids in little dresses and suits.
“The kids,” Janelle breathed.  “They’re all back with their families?”
Her father patted her on the shoulder.  “Yes, honey.  Most of them are.  A couple are still waiting for passports to go home, but they’ll have them soon enough.  Now step out and say hi to everyone.”

* * * * *

The main entrance hall now boasted refreshment tables and a dance floor.  Because she’d had to transform, her start-of-term party had been pushed back to today.  
Once the introductions had died down and the photos had been taken for Surge, Janelle had made her way to the side of the room and behind one of the food tables.  Safety.  All around the chamber, people socialized in tight groups, speaking in at least five different languages.  Mr. Deville and Deon had wandered over to a group of Australian Tempests and started up a conversation.  
Sweat formed on her palms at the sight of it all.  Everyone had such high expectations of her, and she hadn’t even graduated high school yet.  How could they expect her to lead when she’d only been a part of this world for a few weeks?
Her father appeared out of the crowd and offered a plate of appetizers.  “Don't be shy at your own party,” he said.  
Janelle’s stomach rumbled at the smell of fish.  “What did you expect, Dad?  I’m a little nervous.”  
A few kids crawled under the table at the other end of the room, trying to hide under the tablecloth, and Joey stood over with a girl in her twenties.  There really weren’t any teenagers to hang out with.  Gary had vanished a while ago.  She couldn’t blame him any…but this party would be a lot better with him around.
Her father seemed to have read her mind.  “I think someone else is coming.”
Two people walked down the right hallway, Gary and a woman with black hair.  His mother.  Gary wore a black suit, and judging from the look on his face, it hadn’t been his idea.  Janelle stifled down a snicker.  Her clothes weren’t much better than his.  She’d kill for her jeans back.
His mother separated from him and headed over to Deon.  Her father gave her a pat on the back, turned, and vanished into the crowd.
“Geez,” said Gary, picking at his suit.  “My mom must think it’s a wedding or something.”
“Well, almost everyone here’s in formal,” she said.  “And I’m stuck dressing like this for…how long do Tempest High Leaders stay in office?”
He nodded at her clothes.  “Life.”
“Great.  So much for wearing jeans ever again.”
Gary dunked a cracker into some dip and took a bite.  “Did you know my mom quit drinking three years ago?  Andrina knew and never told me.”  He studied the food again.  “Look, I didn’t mean to pull you into all that mess with Andrina and all.  I thought I was doing the right thing by helping you run away.  I was stupid.”
Janelle looked down at her dress shoes and wiggled her cramped toes inside of them.  Her face heated up.  But at least she could talk now.  “No, you weren’t.  You didn’t know that would happen.  And if it weren’t for you, Andrina would still be in power.”  She swallowed.  “Thank you.”
Gary parted his bangs from his face and shot her another one of his rare smiles.
The lights dimmed, leaving only the orange glow of the setting sun peeking in through the windows.  The shadows of palm fronds bobbed up and down on the walls.  Voices died down and soft music started to play over the room’s speakers.  
One by one, people made their way out onto the dance floor.  Within a few minutes, skirts swished and feet tapped in circles on the polished gray spiral.  The air conditioning raised little bumps on Janelle’s skin.
Gary shifted leg to leg and tossed one of the crackers down onto the plate.  “Um…do you want to dance?”
Janelle nodded.  “Sure.”

Don’t miss the other books of the Destroyers Series:
Inferno (#2 Destroyers Series), Outbreak (#3 Destroyers Series), Frostbite (#4 Destroyers Series, and Ancient (#5 Destroyers Series) all out on Amazon!  Find them here! (click on this link.)

* * * * *

Read the exciting first chapter of Twisted, a sequel to the Destroyers Series!  Twisted will be released on December 15, 2013.  

Chapter One


My very first tornado touches the grass of the plains.
I stand next to the van, mouth dropping open, heart pounding.  It's the moment I've been waiting for, saved money for, begged my uncle to book us for the Wild Weather Storm Chasing Tours for.  
Uncle Cassius swears next to me, equally in awe.  It barely cuts over the wind rushing towards the distant funnel.  Waves of grass bow down to the twister, whipped down by the surrounding air flying in to feed it.  The perfect white cone stands out against the coal sky, slim and graceful.  A skirt of dust spins around its base, signaling its dance through a field a few miles away.
"Beautiful!"  Kyle, our storm chaser guide, snaps a photo for his website.  He steals a glance at me and smiles.  He's all enthusiasm, joy that we've found our prey. "Don't worry.  We're safe.  It's heading to the east.  It'll pass no closer than a couple of miles to our north."
I want his job someday.
"I'm not scared," I said, but my shaky voice betrays me.  Who am I kidding?  Kyle's an experienced chaser--twenty years--but this is a real tornado.  In person.  Live.  I never realized it would be this intense, this breathtaking.  A hollow feeling fills my stomach like I'm plunging down the first hill of a roller coaster.  
The tornado curves, almost like it's leaning to the side for a better look at something.  At us?  It's a silly thought, one that makes me laugh.  The thunderstorm spins slowly above it, low and menacing.  Thunder claps.  It's enough to remind me that the storm in front of me isn't just beautiful.  It's a predator, entrancing like a cobra and ready to strike.
Good thing there's no houses or buildings in its way.  Only farmland stretches from horizon to horizon.  
"Allie.  Forget your camera?"  Uncle Cassius slaps me on the arm, smiling.  It’s a tense smile.  So I'm not the only one with some nerves going.
Camera.
Yes.  Duh.
I pull it out of my pocket and fumble with the slim case, fingers hunting for the button.  The camera zings to life.  Behind it, the tornado looms a bit larger, gaining strength and racing across the ground.  More dust kicks up around the perfect white of the twister.  
"Now I can really prove to everyone at school how crazy I am."  I give Uncle Cassius a nervous chuckle.  The camera trembles in my hands as I catch the tornado in my view, click, and seal it in my memory forever.
I'm having the most insane summer vacation of my entire high school.
I lift the camera for another shot, backing up to squeeze the tornado into the viewport.  I click another picture and lowered the camera again for another look.
My heart jumps.
The tornado looms larger, taller.  Kyle holds his hand up to his face, squinting for a better view.  Even Uncle Cassius goes quiet, stiffening and taking a step back towards the tour van.
All at once I understand.
The tornado has changed course.
Kyle turns.  Real fear widens his features.  
"Get in the van," he shouts.

* * * * *

The one big thing I can recall from those first ten seconds is the roar, like a distant train growing closer.  The wind whips my hair back, trying to pull me back out of the van.  It feels like the twister's right behind me already, coming down for the kill.
I slam the door on it.  The funnel's much bigger behind the glass, so much that I can't see the top of it anymore.  
Uncle Cassius snaps on his seat belt next to me.  Kyle starts it up, punches the gas, and gets us back on the road to nowhere.
I toss my camera to the floor.  My hands fumble with the seat belt.  The van speeds up, slamming me into the seat.  The specter of the tornado closes in, whipping across the field towards us.  I've heard of tornadoes making sudden turns like this but I never realized it could happen this fast.  It rips across the field, coming straight at us.  My heart beats on a runaway course.  My mind locks into overdrive.  I feel like that news crew they always have on tornado shows, that one that survived by hiding under that overpass.  Will Kyle make us get out and climb under one?  They're actually bad places to hide.  That news crew got off lucky.  Kyle knows better.  He's been chasing storms for twenty years.
Only green and yellow spreads out ahead.  No shelter for miles.  Worse, no ditches.  The radar on Kyle's laptop is covered in ugly red and orange blotches like Nebraska has sores.  
A hole of panic opens up inside me and for the first time, I regret coming on this vacation.
"Can't you go faster?"  Uncle Cassius leans forward in his seat, gaze hard, arms trembling.
Uncle Cassius never loses his cool.
Ever.
Not even when I accidentally set his Persian rug on fire when I was seven and broke my arm at the age of nine.
Outside, the tornado grows so close that I could only see the bottom half of the funnel.  The van bounces along every speed bump on the highway, every uneven spot.  My stomach heaves.  I'm going to be sick right here.  It's my stupid fault we're in this mess.  
"I don't understand."  Kyle punches the gas harder, making the van jump.  He turns his head like Linda Blair in the Exorcist, eyes widening.  "The tornado should not be moving this way."
He's right.  It shouldn't.  But it is. 
The funnel reaches the road behind us, twisting harder, kicking up earth higher and higher.  We've gotten out in front of it.  I breathe a sigh of relief.  Kyle and Uncle Cassius do the same.  It'll cross the road and forget all about us.  
Kyle lets off the gas a little and the whine of the engine calms some.  "We're safe now.  That was highly unusual.  I've never seen a tornado turn like that in my career."  There's a hint of an apology in his voice.
"Well, that was a close one, wasn't it, Allie?"  Uncle Cassius hugs me from the side.  
"Yeah," I say, willing my heart to slow down.  At least I can think straight now.  Can I even do another two days of this?  
Wow, what a dumb idea this was.
But I still can't resist another look at the storm.  I turn as far as my seat belt allows.
My guts fall out of me all over again.
The tornado's still on the road, bigger than ever.  It can't be.  
The twister has turned again.  It's coming right up behind us.  Rolling dust eats the entire highway.  There's tornado taking up the whole view of the back window.  Dust rips to the sides.  The bottom of its funnel spins with fury, big enough to swallow a house whole.  Its roar screams against the outside of the van, shaking the seat, pushing the whole van to the side.  
It's no longer beautiful.
"Ohmigod," I say, sucking in a breath.  "Um…Kyle?  Stomp on the gas.  Just saying."
"I know!" he snaps.  His knuckles turn white on the steering wheel.  The van lurches again but he maintains control.  
"Allie, get down!"  Uncle Cassius puts his huge hand on my back and pushes me towards the floor.  The seat belt cuts into my throat.  
What good is it going to do?  If the tornado lifts the car--
I'm going to die.
I begged to go on this trip and now Uncle Cassius is going to die too.  
The windows shatter with a deafening boom and the wind screams in my ears.  AllieAllieAllieAllie…
I can't breathe.  
We're floating.
Uncle Cassius shouts something.  Kyle yells.  If I'm screaming, I can't tell.  The storm's sucking it right out of me.  Windy hands seize my arms, my legs.  
They pull.
My safety belt snaps, whipping against my leg.  I cry out with the sting.  The seat disappears under me.
I'm flying.
The tornado's ripping me right out of the van.
The world turns to a white and brown roar.  The van's gone.  I have no time to cry out to Uncle Cassius before the world snaps to black and silence takes the place of all.

Twisted by Holly Hook out December 15, 2013
Sixteen-year-old Allie isn’t like other girls.  Instead of spending her summer break sitting around on the beach, she takes the epic vacation of a lifetime.

Tornado chasing.

And she’s not disappointed.  Just a few miles from the town of Evansburg, Nebraska, Allie meets her dream of seeing a tornado.  In person.  She can’t wait to tell her friends back home.  Never mind that her parents are going to kill her.

But her dream soon turns into a nightmare, and a strange event leaves her shocked.  Confused.  When she returns home to Wisconsin, something’s…different.  Allie now bears a curse so awful, it could destroy everyone and everything she’s ever known.

With her best friend, Tommy, Allie must return to the plains to find a way to reverse it.  She enters a world that she had never imagined, where she becomes a pawn in a fight to save the people of Evansburg from her fate…or to destroy them.


Also by Holly Hook

*Destroyers Series*
Inferno (Destroyers, Book Two) 
Outbreak (Destroyers, Book Three)
Frostbite (Destroyers, Book Four)
Ancient (Destroyers, Book Five)
Twisted (Destroyers, Book Six) To be released December 15, 2013

2:20 (#1 Timeless Trilogy)

*Rita Morse Series*
Rita Morse and the Sinister Shadow (Rita Morse, Book One)
Rita Morse and the Treacherous Traitor (Rita Morse, Book Two)





Gone
Parallel Trilogy, Book 1

Christine Kersey

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Copyright © 2013 by Christine Kersey
All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission.
Also by Christine Kersey
Suspicions
No Way Out
He Loves Me Not (Lily’s Story, Book 1)
Don’t Look Back (Lily’s Story, Book 2)
Over You
Imprisoned (Parallel Trilogy, Book 2)
Hunted (Parallel Trilogy, Book 3)


If you would like to be notified when a new book by Christine Kersey comes out, click on this link to go to Christine’s blog, then enter your email address in the top right corner to follow Christine’s blog.

Book Description

What if everything you knew was suddenly gone?

Sixteen-year-old Morgan Campbell runs away from home and when she returns the next day her world is turned upside-down. Not only is her family missing, but another family is living in her house and claims to have lived there for weeks. As Morgan desperately works to figure out what has happened, she finds society has become obsessed with weight in a way she has never seen before. The more she searches for answers, the more she begins to wonder if she has somehow ended up in another world—a world where it's illegal to be overweight.  

Can she survive in this world until she can get home?
Chapter One

The day that marked a seismic shift in my life started out so normal. I went to school—a new high school, I might add, one where I had yet to make any real friends—and when I had gotten home I’d actually finished my homework right away. Well most of it. I guess I might have gotten a little distracted looking online at the new cell phone I wanted. Then Mom came into the living room and asked me what I was doing. That’s when the trouble began. 
In my nicest, sweetest voice I asked her if I could get the cell phone. 
“No, Morgan.” 
There was no hint of possibility in her voice, but that didn’t stop me from trying. 
“But, Mom, my phone randomly reboots all the time. Even when I’m in the middle of a call.” Not that I made that many calls, but that was beside the point.
She just stared down at me, daring me to go on. I’ve never been one to turn down a dare, so on I went. “And there’s this crack in the screen that makes it hard to see anything.” I held up my phone to show her the crack, but she was unimpressed.
Her lips compressed into a straight line as she listened. Finally she said, “It’s too expensive.”
Somehow I knew she’d say that and I was ready. “I can pay for it. I have enough money.”
“You have other things you need to be saving for. Like college.”
I sighed dramatically. “I earned my money. I should be able to spend it how I want.” I paused, considering my next words, then decided to go for it. “I don’t tell you and Dad how to spend your money. What right do you have to tell me how to spend mine?”
Her face flushed and I knew I’d gone too far. 
She held out her hand. “It sounds like you need a little break from cell phones. Completely.” Her eyes dared me to object. 
Though I wasn’t one to turn down a dare, I also knew when it was time to back down. I handed her my phone and turned away from her to stare at the computer screen. 
I could feel her eyes boring into me and after a moment of silence, she said, “Morgan, turn off the computer and go to your room. You’re grounded until further notice.”
I spun around and gaped at her, truly shocked. “What?” I couldn’t believe she was grounding me, a sixteen-year-old girl. I couldn’t recall the last time I had been grounded. 
She stared at me, her arms crossed and a grim look on her face. “I won’t have you talking to me that way. You need to learn to treat me with respect.”
Swallowing a response that I knew would only get me into deeper trouble, I stood, my gaze throwing daggers at her. She stared right back, making it clear that she was the one in charge. Her complete confidence in her authority over me and over my life filled me with fury. Even so, I couldn’t help myself; I looked away first, confirming her control over everything in my life. 
Then, even though I knew I would be acting like a two-year-old, I stomped out of the room and up the stairs. My thirteen-year-old sister, Amy, was coming down the stairs and I almost ran in to her.
“Watch it,” I muttered to her.
She rolled her eyes at me. “You watch it, Morgan.”
I gave her a murderous glare, then continued up. When I reached my bedroom I sank onto my bed, fuming at the unfairness of it all. Stewing in my anger, I stared at the blank wall, replaying my interaction with Mom and imagined saying something clever to her that would wipe that look of sureness off of her face. But then she probably would have made my punishment worse, although I didn’t know what other punishment she could give me to make me suffer more. My life already sucked big time.
I mentally listed all of my woes: new town, new school, no friends, no boys who liked me, maybe needed to lose a few pounds, not much money (though if I raided my savings account I would have enough to buy that new phone). Not being a total pessimist, I considered the good things in my life but the only thing I came up with was that I was doing ok in school.
I frowned. My life really did bite.
As I pondered the exact level of suckiness into which my life fell, I could hear my younger brothers running around outside making their usual racket. I went to the window and looked into the backyard. As I watched them kick a ball back and forth, I frowned, jealous that they had each other to play with when I had no one. As they ran around, their breath came out in frosty clouds and I wondered how long Mom would let them play outside in the cold November air.
Still feeling sorry for myself, my thoughts shifted to the other girls at school and how they all seemed to be perfectly happy and to have lots of friends. Why did I have such a hard time making friends? We’d been here over three months and I still didn’t have anyone I’d call a close friend. Why did we have to move here anyway? When the prospect of moving here for a job opportunity for Dad had come up during the summer, I had made it clear that I didn’t want to move. But did they listen to me? Of course not. They never listened to me. My opinion didn’t count for anything. 
The more I thought about how everything was going wrong in my life, the more I knew it was because we had moved here, which was because my parents had refused to listen to me. And the more I thought about the unfairness with which my parents treated me, the more I wanted to leave. I was sixteen, practically an adult. How could they ground me? Especially considering that they were the cause of everything.
Turning away from the window, I stared at my room. My gaze stopped on my backpack, leaning against my desk.
I could do it, I thought. Grab a few things and run away. Anyplace would be better than here. Anyplace. They probably wouldn’t even miss me. The thought made me sad, but then I thought maybe they’d appreciate me more if I disappeared. The idea brightened my mood.
“Zac. Brandon,” Mom called out to my brothers from downstairs. “You need to come inside and finish your homework.”
I turned back to the window and watched my younger brothers walk toward the house, then disappear from view. I couldn’t see them, but I could hear them. They were always in motion—I guess most eight and ten year olds are—but it still irritated me. 
I walked away from the window and toward my desk, hesitating as I stared at my backpack. Did I really have it in me to run away? Where would I go? 
 “Morgan?” Mom called out as she knocked on my door.
I spun away from my desk and toward the door, feeling like I’d been caught doing something. “What?”
Mom walked in and glanced at me before looking at the clothes strewn around the room. She sighed, then met my defiant glare. “I expect an apology for your earlier behavior.” She frowned before continuing. “And I expect this room to be picked up before you come down for dinner.”
I was about to protest, but she raised one eyebrow and I knew it would be pointless. Instead I said nothing as she left the room. I closed the door behind her, forcing myself not to slam it, fresh fury welling up inside me like a geyser before it erupts. “That’s it,” I muttered. “I’m out of here.” Picking up the backpack, I shoved in my wallet, the three granola bars I had stashed in my desk earlier, then grabbed my water bottle. I slung the backpack over my shoulder and cracked open my door. I could hear the boys talking downstairs. It sounded like they were in the kitchen, which was where they usually did their homework. If Mom was in there too, I could sneak down the stairs and out the front door without them seeing me. 
The only wild card was Amy. I had no idea where she was. She’d been on her way downstairs when I’d come up, but who knew where she would be now. I really didn’t want her to know what I was doing. She would be more than happy to tell Mom my plans and get me in trouble before I ever got out the door.
I peeked into the hallway and didn’t see Amy, and her bedroom door was closed. I tiptoed to it and pressed my ear against the white wood, but all was silent. Feeling hopeful, I went into the bathroom and filled my water bottle from the sink faucet. I closed the lid and put the bottle in the backpack with my other things. Next, I stopped at the linen closet and looked inside to see if there was anything in there that I could use. Quickly scanning the shelves, at first I didn’t see anything that would be valuable, but then a silver rectangle caught my eye. I picked it up and read the packaging. 
“Space blanket,” I whispered. “That might come in handy.” I jammed it into the backpack, then turned toward the stairs. 
“Where are you going?” 
I spun around and saw Amy standing next to her open door, her arms folded across her chest, a copy of Romeo and Juliet in one hand.
“None of your business,” I said without thinking, venom thick in my voice. As soon as the words left my mouth I knew it was a mistake. 
“Well, I guess I can just ask Mom.”
Crap. If Mom finds out I’m trying to go somewhere then I’ll get in even more trouble. “Why do you care, Amy?”
“I don’t. But I still want to know.”
I glanced toward the stairs then leaned towards her, an idea forming. “Can you keep a secret?” I was practically whispering.
Her eyes narrowed with suspicion. I never told her my secrets. “Yeah?”
“This is important, Amy. Can I trust you? Really?”
She uncrossed her arms and took a step toward me. “I can keep a secret, you know.”
I wondered if she would actually be able to keep this to herself. “Okay. I’m trusting you.”
“Okay.”
I glanced in the direction of the stairs one more time, then looked back at her. “I’m supposed to be grounded.”
“Yeah,” she said, smirking. “I know.”
“Well, there’s this boy.”
Her eyebrows shot up and she suddenly looked very interested. “Is he cute?”
“Very.”
“And?”
“Well, he finally asked me out and we were supposed to go out tonight, but then Mom got mad at me and now I’m grounded.” I blinked several times and put a look of sadness on my face. “If I don’t go, he’s going to think I’m not interested and I don’t think I’ll get another chance.” I watched several emotions play across Amy’s face, but I was counting on her die-hard sense of romance to win out.
“Go, Morgan. You have to go.”
I knew it, I thought, almost laughing. “And you won’t tell Mom? Promise?”
“I promise.”
“Thank you, Amy. You’re the best.”
She smiled, obviously pleased, and I turned to go.
“Wait, Morgan.”
I stopped and turned back, a questioning look on my face.
“What’s his name?”
“Uh.” I glanced at the book in her hand. “William.”
“William,” she said, a dreamy look on her face.
I watched as she went back into her room, then I went to the top of the stairs and listened. I heard Mom’s voice coming from the kitchen and I knew I was in the clear. I made my way down the stairs, making sure to avoid the creaky spots. When I reached the front door I stopped, briefly considering what I was about to do. Did I really want to run away? I pictured Mom’s face when she’d told me I was grounded. The complete assurance she seemed to feel that I would just go along with the program. And then her demand that I apologize for my behavior. 
Well wouldn’t she be surprised that I had followed my own plan. 
But how lame was I that I had to pretend I had a boyfriend so I could run away? I wished we’d never moved here. I had friends at my last school, but here I didn’t really know anyone.
My anger at Mom reignited. It was her fault we moved here in the first place and now my life was miserable. Shaking my head in frustration, I opened the door. A gust of cold air blew in, snapping me back to reality. I hesitated, but then decided I wasn’t going to let a little cold air keep me from doing what I wanted. I had to prove to Mom that I was in charge of my own destiny—not her.
I listened for Mom’s voice and could hear her talking to my brothers in the kitchen. I shrugged off my backpack, opened the hall closet, and took out my jacket. I quickly put it on then tossed the backpack onto my shoulders and walked outside, closing the door behind me.
I hurried away from the porch and toward the dark green picket fence that surrounded our oversized front yard. My breath formed a white cloud and I realized the air was colder than I had expected. I desperately hoped my gloves were in my backpack. Not wanting to stop to check until I was out of sight of the house, I blew warm breath on my hands and rubbed them together.
“Whoa,” I cried out as I nearly tripped on a furry bundle that had flung itself against my legs. “No Goldie, you can’t come with me.” The yellow lab danced around me. “I’m sorry, but no dogs allowed this time.” 
Reaching the gate that led out of the yard and onto the road, I pushed Goldie aside with my foot and squeezed out of the gate without letting the dog escape. Quickly glancing over my shoulder to see if Mom was looking out the window, I smiled. No one seemed to have noticed my departure. Not yet anyway. Just wait until later when they realized I was gone. And since Mom took away my cell phone, they wouldn’t even be able to call me. And when Amy confessed that I was off with some boy, they would be frantic with worry. 
That would teach them.
I glanced toward the garage, tempted to take the car, but knew I would only get into deeper trouble if I were to take it. Mom hadn’t let me get my license yet—another way she was holding me back—so driving with only a permit, not to mention grand theft auto, would be a mistake. Plus I’d have to go back into the house to get the key. I kept on walking.
Once around the bend that hid my house from the main road, I turned onto a foot path that led into the woods surrounding my house. The trees swayed gently in the cold breeze. I stopped and took off the backpack. Unzipping it, I dug around until I found the gloves stuffed in the bottom. Pleased that I had actually put them in my backpack, I knew the matching knit cap and scarf were in there too. “Yes,” I said in triumph as I found them. After tugging on the gloves, hat and scarf, I hauled the backpack over my shoulders. 
“That’s much better.” My breath came out in little puffs as I spoke. Noticing the sun beginning to dip toward the mountain, I knew I didn’t have a lot of time before the night-time freeze set in. Not one to pay much attention to the news, I didn’t know the weather forecast, but the gray clouds didn’t bode well for someone who was going to be outside. And I didn’t know yet where I would spend the night. I figured I had another hour before dark and decided to make the most of it. I pulled my knit cap lower over my ears and headed down the foot path, not sure where I wanted to go. 
In the short time we’d lived in our house I’d spent very little time exploring these woods, so it was with some trepidation that I ventured farther down the path. As I walked, I briefly considered turning around and going out to the main road and hitching a ride to town, but then decided I didn’t want to go quite that far from home just yet. Besides, what would I do once I reached town? 
Best just to take my chances near home, I thought. That would give me more options. Maybe I’ll just stay away for a few hours. Give my parents a little scare. That will make them appreciate me. 
Visualizing the look on Mom’s face when she discovered my disappearance brought a small smile. But when I pictured Dad’s worried expression, my smile faded. Dad wasn’t the mean one—it was just Mom who seemed to pick on me. Dad had always been the nice one. He usually gave me my way. It was Mom who kept me from getting what I wanted.
Deep in thought, at first I didn’t hear the sound of someone approaching. Then I heard someone whistling a tune, as well as what sounded like a dog. Hurrying off the path, I nearly stumbled over a fallen tree branch. I knew most people didn’t put their dogs on leashes when they took them for a walk in these woods and I was afraid the dog would bring his owner right to me. I didn’t want anyone to find me. What good would it do to run away if someone knew where to find me?
I tried to walk quickly into the woods without making too much noise, but then I heard the dog begin to bark. Thick underbrush slowed me down, and I had to keep stepping over fallen branches.
“What is it, Max?” The man called out to his dog.
Stepping behind a wide tree, I carefully peered around to see what the man was going to do about his dog, which had either picked up my scent or heard me tromping through the underbrush. About a hundred feet from where I hid, the dog barked wildly and pranced around in place, clearly wanting permission to go after his find. With the one eye I allowed to be exposed, I saw that the dog was a German Sheppard. Gasping in fear that I would be attacked, I flattened myself against the tree trunk and tried to slow my breathing.
“Max. Calm down, boy. It’s probably just a squirrel. We don’t have time to chase squirrels today. It’s getting near dark and we need to get back.”
The dog continued barking, ignoring his owner.
Daring to peek again, I turned my head ever so slightly so I could see around the trunk. Apparently the dog saw me because his barking became more agitated and he took several steps toward me.
“Come!” the man said.
When I heard the man and his dog leaving, relief flooded me. Not wanting to run into them again, or anyone else for that matter, I decided to avoid the footpath and to venture farther into the woods. Even though my gut told me it was probably not the best idea, I decided to do it anyway. 
Feeling clever, I decided to mark my path so I could find my way back when I was ready to come home. I took off my backpack and in a side pocket I pulled out my favorite red lipstick. Frowning, I put it back in, then rummaged around some more and found a fat purple marker.
“Nice.” I’d forgotten that was in there, left over from a school project I had recently done. My English teacher had us create a collage of pictures expressing our interests. I had hunted through Mom’s magazines for just the right pictures. Finally I had found the ones I wanted: a picture of a cute boy, the latest cell phone (of course), a dog that looked similar to mine, a woman sleeping on a comfortable mattress (because I like to sleep), French fries, a certain men’s cologne that I loved to smell on boys, and a few random pictures of make-up to fill in the blank spots. Then right before I’d left for school I’d remembered that I was supposed to write a short poem using my favorite color pen and attach it to the poster board.
I had tossed the pen in my backpack and written the poem before class. The poem wasn’t half bad for being done in such a hurry, although I admit it was a little challenging to write it with such a fat pen. Oh well, you can’t have everything.
Now I took the lid off the pen and smiled. I backed up a few steps to make sure I could see the path from where I stood and then dragged the pen across the smooth tree trunk, leaving a wide purple streak that I would be able to see when I came back, but no one on the path would be able to see.
Pleased with my resourcefulness, I continued into the woods another twenty feet or so and made a mark on another tree. I kept going like this, marking trees as often as necessary, until I had gone quite a ways into the woods. After about half an hour I stopped, noticing how dark it was getting. And then I realized that I had been so focused on marking the trees that I hadn’t really paid attention to where I was going. 
The chill in the air began to feel like small bugs biting my cheeks and I wondered if it was possible for me to freeze to death. Suddenly home sounded like a good place to be and running away didn’t seem like such a smart idea. I turned around to go back the way I had come, but then realized I couldn’t see my pen marks on the trees in the mounting darkness, and if I just started walking I risked becoming completely lost.
A sudden feeling of panic crept up my throat and I found it hard to breathe. Turning in slow circles, squinting into the dark, I wasn’t sure which way to go. I thought I had planned so well, but I hadn’t thought to bring a flashlight.
“Stupid, stupid, stupid,” I whispered. A distant howl made me scream and I slapped my hand over my mouth, not wanting to draw the creature to me. I looked up at the sky, as if doing so would make the sun appear. The gray clouds briefly parted and the moon shone, dimly lighting the area. Taking advantage of the faint light, my gaze darted around.
Nothing promising in view. I took several steps in one direction, then in another, fearful that the moon would be covered in clouds at any moment, extinguishing my only source of light.
Forcing myself to calm down, I concentrated on thoroughly studying each direction. After a moment I thought I saw something. Peering more intently into the dark, I smiled. 
Yes. 
A small structure stood a short distance away.
Chapter Two

Hurrying toward it as best I could among the bushes and fallen tree limbs, I reached it just as the moon hid behind the clouds. Gentle snowflakes settled on my cheeks and I felt doubly glad that I had found this tiny hut. 
I knocked on the wooden door, not wanting to walk in if someone was home, although the place looked abandoned. I waited a moment and when there was no reply I knocked again, this time using my fist. 
Still no response.
“I guess no one’s home,” I muttered.
The snow flurries thickened as my hand grasped the doorknob. It didn’t budge.
Despite my jacket and gloves, I began to shiver. Perhaps it was more from fear than from cold, but whatever the reason, my words came out in a stutter. “Who would lock the door out here in the middle of nowhere?” 
I walked around the small building, examining the structure. The hut was a square, each of the wooden walls about ten feet long. There was no other entrance and the only windows were tiny ones on either side of the front door—too small for me to crawl through. Then I considered breaking the glass so I could reach in and unlock the door, but I wasn’t sure I’d be able to reach the lock. Besides, if the window was broken, cold air would come in.
Using all of my strength, I grasped the door knob and shoved my shoulder against the door. After several tries the door burst inward. Quickly closing the door behind me, I grimaced as I realized the space offered little warmth. 
Peering into the complete darkness, I inched forward, but after only a few steps I bumped into a table. A table with nothing on it. I decided to explore the room as best as I could, not being able to see anything. As I moved toward the nearest wall with my hands outstretched, I stopped, frowning, remembering when I was little and I’d walk around with my eyes closed, just for fun, to see if I could find my way. But this was no child’s game and I didn’t know what dangers might be lurking. The thought made me pause and I had to swallow my fear and force myself to keep going. As a precaution, I left my gloves on.
Holding my hands out in front of me, I shuffled forward, wanting to avoid tripping over some unseen hazard. After a few steps my hands touched the wall. Flattening my gloved hands against the hard surface, I explored the wall but found nothing but the wall. Sliding my feet slowly to my left, I continued to explore. 
After a moment I reached the place where two walls met. Something thin and wispy tickled my cheek and I screamed, then pushed away the cobwebs. The idea of a big hairy spider watching me, or worse yet, getting tangled in my hair, made me shudder. I patted my head to make sure my knit hat was still in place and adjusted my scarf to cover most of my face. Feeling more secure, I continued my blind search.
As I shifted to the new wall, the surface felt different. Hard bumps stuck out in places and I realized they were handles for cabinets and drawers. Though hope blossomed inside me that I might find something I could use, the idea of sticking my hand into a dark cavern sent a new spasm of shudders racing through me. 
After a moment I gathered my courage and pulled open the first cabinet. Cautiously, I lifted my hand toward the opening, then centimeter by centimeter I reached inside, expecting at any moment to have my gloved hand pierced by the fangs of some hideous creature. When all my hand found was empty air, my bravery increased and I moved my hand around more confidently, verifying that the space was bare.   
When I opened the next cupboard I wasn’t quite as nervous and reached inside with more sureness, but when my hand bumped against something, I was so startled that I jumped backward and nearly fell. With adrenaline pounding through my veins, I froze, waiting to see what would happen next. When nothing jumped out and attacked me, I decided to figure out what it was I had touched. This time I reached inside with both hands and immediately felt the hard object. The sides felt smooth and the top was curved, but when I discovered a handle hanging against the side, my hopes rose.
I pulled the object out of the cupboard and turned toward the meager light coming in from the small windows on either side of the front door and confirmed my suspicions.
“Yes,” I whispered. “A lantern.”
Next, I needed to find some matches. I set the lantern on the table and turned back to the wall of cabinets and drawers. Handles along the drawer fronts made the drawers easy to pull open. Removing my gloves to better feel, I reached toward the open drawer. Fearing spiders might be hiding inside, I stopped and leaned down, then blew a puff of air into the open drawer, hoping to scare off any insects. A cloud of dust went up my nose and I coughed. Pointing one finger downward into the drawer, I quickly touched the bottom of the drawer before pulling my hand back. Nothing bit me so I reached my whole hand inside and felt around. Small, hard pellets were sprinkled in the bottom.
“Eww, mouse droppings.”
Swallowing my disgust, I ventured farther. Cobwebs caught in my fingers and I had to force myself to keep exploring. My fingers reached all the way to the back, but found nothing. I pulled open the second drawer and carefully explored it. Just as I was about to give up I felt a small box. I lifted it out and held it close to my face. Matches! A smile lifted the corners of my mouth as I slid the box open and pulled out a tiny stick. 
I brushed the match against the rough side of the box and was rewarded by a bright flame. Carrying the burning match to the table, I used it to help me examine the lantern. It looked like it was in good shape, although it was coated with a thick layer of dust. I was suddenly grateful for the many times the power had gone out and Dad had made me learn how to light the lantern. 
The match burned out and I picked up the lantern
First, I gently shook it and heard liquid sloshing around, confirming the presence of fuel. Then I pumped the knob to force the gas to fill the line. Last, I lit another match and inserted it through the small opening at the base of the glass, lighting the fragile mantle that hung inside. It caught and I withdrew the match before blowing it out. Then I turned the knob on the lantern to release more gas, brightening the flame.
Calmness washed over me as darkness fled. I lifted the lantern by the handle and explored the room. It was a little smaller than my bedroom, but less cluttered. Along one wall were the cabinets, where I had found the lantern and matches. In a corner sat a rocking chair that looked like it had seen better days. Against the opposite wall sat a bare cot. But the item that made me close my eyes in anticipation was the wood burning stove squatting on the floor in the far corner.
Carrying the box of matches with me, I walked to the stove, set the lantern on the floor and pulled on the cast iron door. The hinges creaked and I frowned when I saw nothing but a few cold ashes scattered at the bottom of the stove. I looked on the far side of the stove and smiled when I saw a small stack of wood in a neat pile. Old newspapers lay next to the wood.
Who does this place belong to? I wondered. I didn’t really care—I was just grateful it was here.
I had seen my dad build fires in our fireplace many times and figured it couldn’t be that difficult to get a fire going. After placing a few logs in the stove, I scrunched up some pages of the newspaper and pushed them under the logs. I lit a match and held it to the edge of a newspaper, which quickly caught fire, but the logs remained stubbornly unlit. Stuffing more newspapers into the stove didn’t seem to help like I thought it would. 
Sighing, I stood and picked up the lantern, then began a careful search in the immediate vicinity of the stove, looking for something that might give me an idea. Finally, I found it. A fireplace poker.
I set the lantern back down and used the poker to move the smoldering newspaper around. Gently blowing on the embers as I added a few more newspapers didn’t give me the result I’d been trying for and discouragement began to get the better of me.
Dad made this look so easy. Picturing him lighting a warm fire in our living room fireplace made me suddenly miss my family. As I thought about their reaction to finding me missing, I didn’t feel good anymore; not even when I thought about Mom. I felt guilty and wished I had a way to let them know I was okay.
I wondered if they would call the police and have them out looking for a boy named William. I felt stupid for the lie I’d told Amy and wished I would have thought this through.
Well, I’m stuck here for now, I thought. I’d better deal with it.
I turned my attention back to the wood-burning stove. The newspapers had gone out completely. Using the poker, I pushed them to the back of the stove. This time when I wadded up the newspapers, I made sure to do it loosely. Repositioning the wood, I carefully placed the newspaper around and under the wood before lighting another match.
As the flames from the newspaper licked the firewood, I held my breath, afraid the logs would still refuse to burn. The flame seemed to shrink and I quickly added two more newspaper wads, which helped the flames grow. Suddenly I heard crackling as the logs caught fire.
Relief pulsed through me as the beginnings of warmth emanated from the stove.
Soon the chill began to seep from my body and warmth took its place. I fed more logs into the fire and made sure they were blazing before closing the door to the stove. Dragging the cot close to the heat, I took the space blanket out of my backpack, along with the water bottle and a granola bar, then sat on the cot and wrapped the blanket over the lower half of my body. 
Now that I could focus on something besides building the fire, I munched on the granola bar and thought about my parents and how frantic they must be by now. Running away didn’t seem like such a good idea anymore and I wished I hadn’t been so impulsive.
That was one thing Mom always accused me of—being impulsive.
“You’re always jumping into things without thinking,” Mom would say, shaking her head. “Why don’t you think things through once in a while?”
I frowned as I thought about Mom picking on me. She never seemed to pick on Amy or my two younger brothers. Maybe it was because I was the oldest. Mom thought I should act like a grown-up all the time. It just wasn’t fair. I hadn’t asked to be born first.
Then I thought about Dad. He would be worried about me being out with some boy, assuming Amy told him. But what if she kept her promise and didn’t tell? What if they figured out that I ran away? Dad would be worried about me out in this snowstorm. Would he go out in it to search for me? Of course he would. What if something happened to him? It would be my fault. Guilt pounded through me as I pictured him searching and searching for me.
“What have I done?” I whispered. I stared out the small windows on either side of the door but could see nothing in the darkness. 
I would go home as soon as the sun came up. Maybe I’d even get home in time to catch the bus to school.
The thought of home and family made me feel better. All I had to do was follow my purple markings on the trees and I would be home.
I set the water bottle on the floor and curled up on the cot. The space blanket had done a good job of warming me up and I tucked my arms underneath it. Sleep came quickly, but during the night I woke to a violent crashing sound. It was too dark to see what had happened, but my heart raced until I realized I was okay. I climbed off of the cot and felt my way to the lantern. It had gone dark and when I tried to light it I found the mantle had burned out and I didn’t know where to find a replacement.
The room had become chilled and I realized the fire was nearly out. I added some wood and blew on the embers, which flared up into small flames, licking the dry logs. To my relief, soon the fire was going again. I thought it strange that despite the brightly burning fire, the room seemed to be as cold as ever.
Knowing there was nothing I could do until morning, I lay back on the cot and tried to sleep.  
A few hours later bright sunlight streamed into the room, waking me. I stretched and yawned, then sat up on the cot. The fire had gone out, which was fine since I was planning on leaving as soon as I had a snack. Glancing toward where the sunlight shone in, I saw that a large tree had fallen on the roof, right above the door. 
Obviously, that was the large crash that had woken me. The door bent at a weird angle and the windows were shattered, their small openings allowing snow to filter through. Walking over to the windows, I peeked through the space where the glass should have been and saw the snowstorm had stopped, although there appeared to be at least a foot of snow on the ground.
I turned the doorknob and pulled, but nothing happened. I yanked on the door as hard as I could, but it wouldn’t budge. I pushed against the tree but it was wedged in tight and didn’t give an inch.  
The blood drained from my face as I realized the reality of my situation. I was trapped. The windows were much too small to crawl through, even if I did want to risk slicing my body with the broken shards of glass, and I couldn’t see any way through the tree.
To keep the panic at bay, I began pacing the room, trying to come up with a solution. I walked along each side of the room, occasionally pounding on the wall to see if there were any weak spots where I could break through. The walls were solid wood.
I decided to try to find a tool or some object to bang against the wall to try to punch a hole in the wood. Ransacking the small room, I looked for anything that would do the job. I wasn’t having any luck, but then looked at the cot where I had spent the night. 
Maybe I could break off one of the legs and use that to make a hole in the wall. I turned the cot over, its legs sticking up, and sat next to it. As I twisted the leg this way and that, trying to break it off, I felt something on the floor jabbing my leg. There was just enough light coming into the room for me to see a small screw poking up from the floorboards. 
Something next to it caught my eye. Curiosity overcame me and for a moment I forgot my predicament. A large, round handle, more like a ring, was tucked into the floor. It was flush with the floor and not at all noticeable unless you knew where to look, or happened to find a loose screw next to it.
Pushing the cot out of the way, I lifted the edge of the ring from the floor so I could wrap my hand around it, then pulled upward. A trapdoor creaked as I pulled harder. There were no hinges holding it in place, so the whole trapdoor came free of the floor and I pushed it to the side. Gazing into the dark hole beneath the floor, I saw the first few rungs of a ladder.
No way am I going into that dark hole, I thought. But what if it leads out of here?
I knew I couldn’t make myself go down there without a light and decided to look around to see if I could find another mantle, now that it was lighter in the room. I quickly searched the drawers in the cabinet and found a box with one spare mantle. I silently thanked the person who had left the meager supplies that I had needed.
A few minutes later I had the lantern shining brightly. Even though I didn’t expect to find anything but an old cellar, I decided to pack my few belongings into my backpack and bring it with me. Maybe I could find some canned fruit or something down there.
In the back of my mind I pictured spider webs crisscrossing the room, but climbed down the ladder nonetheless, holding the lantern with one hand and gripping the ladder rungs with the other. There were a few spider webs, but I studiously ignored them and focused on my task.
It seemed to take a while to climb to the bottom, but once my feet touched the hard ground I held the lantern high, examining the small space. The room smelled strongly of Earth and I hoped there weren’t too many insects lurking about, ready to crawl up my legs. The thought made me shudder with revulsion.
Dirt walls surrounded me on three sides, but where the fourth wall should have been I saw an opening that led to a hallway. Intrigued, I held the lantern in front of me and stepped toward the narrow opening, wondering where it led.
Chapter Three

Wooden beams ran up the sides of the opening and a short beam wedged across the top. I wondered if it was keeping the whole thing from collapsing. Dirt-packed walls lined both sides of the hallway and I took a tentative step forward. The lantern tossed eerie shadows along the dirt walls and I hesitated, wondering if it was a mistake to keep going. Then I thought of the room I had just left, and how there didn’t seem to be a way to leave. I continued on, hopeful the tunnel would lead outside.
Dank air filled my nostrils, reminding me of the time we had dug several deep holes in the yard when planting trees. It had been dirty work and I hadn’t liked getting so filthy. Now though, I didn’t care if I ended up grimy—I wanted to get back home, whatever it took. I noticed it wasn’t as chilly down here as it had been in the hut, but it was still cool. 
I moved forward, the lantern held out in front of me. After taking a dozen steps I turned and looked behind me. The dark had swallowed the small cellar that led up to the hut. A shiver of fear rolled up my spine, but going back didn’t seem any better an idea than moving forward. True, I knew what I would find if I went back. But I also knew I had tried everything I could think of to get out of that hut and nothing had worked.
Going forward seemed the only option.
Hesitating, I looked in the direction of the cellar. Then with sudden resolve, I pivoted back toward the unknown and began walking. With the light from the lantern I could see about five feet in front of me. Besides the occasional cobweb, which I carefully avoided, the dirt-walled tunnel was boringly monotonous. My fears began to recede as I strode along.
I wondered who had built this tunnel and why. It seemed odd to have such a place in the middle of the forest. Could it have been built long ago? Back when people needed to make quick escapes or hide? My mind wandered as I imagined who could have used this tunnel in the past. 
Suddenly I found my face inches from a large, hairy black spider dangling from the ceiling on a thick strand of web. Startled, I screamed and threw my hands up as I jumped back. The lantern flew from my hands and went out.
Pitch black. That was the phrase that came to mind. I had heard it before but I had never truly experienced it. The complete lack of light horrified me. It was much worse than when I had entered the hut the night before. Then, there had been enough moonlight trickling in through the windows for me to see outlines of objects. I had thought it was unnervingly dark then, but it was nothing compared to this.
This darkness suffocated me, surrounded me, paralyzed me. I froze in place, and my imagination took over. Creepy crawly things were coming out of the earth-covered walls even now, sensing my fear, sensing my vulnerability. Dreadful creatures with long fangs and sharp claws that only lived in dark places were marching steadily toward me in packs, ready to tear me apart.
Pure, cold terror placed its hand on my scalp and worked its way through my body, chilling me to the bone. My heart pounded so hard I knew in a moment it would come right out of my chest and I would drop dead. 
I hoped it would happen quickly.
Then I remembered that the spider, which I knew existed, was hanging right in front of me. Even now it could be making its way across the ceiling to climb directly into my hair. I could practically feel it creeping down the back of my shirt and onto my skin. Revulsion pulsed through me and I shuddered violently.
Realizing the best way to avoid the spider would be to get low, and fast, I dropped to the floor on all fours. Mildly surprised that bugs didn’t immediately swarm up my arms, I decided to see if I could find the fallen lantern.
My eyes were open, but the dark was so complete they felt like they were not only closed, but covered with a wide black cloth tied tightly around my head. I opened them wider, but that made no difference. 
Trying to ignore the feeling of complete and utter helplessness, I swept my hands from side to side, trying to find the lantern and praying that I wouldn’t touch anything living. Inching forward, I continued to search. Finally my fingers touched the hot glass of the lantern and I jerked my hand away. Relief washed over me in great waves.
Sitting back on my heels, I tore the backpack off of my shoulders and felt the side pockets until I found the place where I had put the matches. Grasping the small box as if it were my lifeline, I set the backpack down, then held the box of matches right in front of my eyes. But I couldn’t see it. Not even a hint of it. But I could smell it. A slight sulfur smell emanated from the box from when I had scraped the match across the striking surface.
I slid open the box and heard the sound of matches falling to the ground.
“Crap,” I muttered. The box had been upside down.
Massaging my forehead where an ache was beginning, I sighed. I began using the sides of my hands to gather the matches when an idea occurred to me.
I picked up one of the matches from the ground with one hand, and with the other I held the matchbox. Dragging the match across the striking surface, I held my breath, anticipating the bright light of fire. But nothing happened. I tried again, and a third time. Finally, on the fourth attempt, the tip of the match bloomed into flame.
The immediate area around me lit up and I grinned, feeling like I had just invented light. Not wanting to waste any of the short life of the match, I picked up the lantern by the handle and examined it. The glass was intact but the fragile mantle inside had disintegrated.
The lantern was useless.
“Ow!” I dropped the match as the flame reached my fingers and I was again plunged into darkness.
Fresh despair wrapped around me like a blanket. I had no idea how much farther I would need to walk before I reached the end of this tunnel. And what if when I reached it, it was a dead-end? Then what?
Or I could go back the way I had come. I knew what I would find when I reached the hut. But it was another type of dead-end and I would have no way to get out of that trap. 
I decided to take my chances and continue on. I could use the matches to light my way and hope that they would hold out until I reached the end. I would have to move as quickly as possible.
Though I hated using another match, I decided it would be worthwhile to be able to see well enough to collect every match that had fallen out of the box. After lighting a second match, I quickly picked up the spilled matches and placed them securely in the box, then placed the box in my front pocket.
Dropping the used-up match, I felt around for my backpack, slung it onto my shoulders, and stood. I took the box of matches out of my pocket, but this time when I opened it I did it slowly and made sure the box was right-side up before opening it enough to pull out a match. I lit a match then tucked the box in my pocket. Cupping my hand around the flame, I moved forward swiftly, trying to keep the flame from blowing out while forcing myself to ignore the possible presence of spiders. 
It didn’t take long for the flame to go out. I struck another match and continued on, using this method to make good progress. When I was down to three matches I began to worry, but with no other options, I pressed forward. As I lit the second to last match I noticed the floor beginning to slope upward. Hope surged through me and I began to walk even faster, but the additional speed brought too much air flow and the match blew out before it had completely burned down.
I dropped the match and pulled out the last one, not allowing myself to think past the moment, and lit the tiny stick. Slowing my pace enough to keep the flame going, I kept walking until the flame burned my finger. 
“Ouch!” I shook my finger, ignoring the sting of the burn, then closed my eyes, hoping that I could somehow adjust to the darkness. After a moment I opened my eyes again and was shocked that I could see a little bit.
Had my eyes gotten used to the dark? Or was I nearing the end and a way out?
Frantic to get out of this dungeon-like place, I ran, no longer constrained by the need to keep a match burning. As I moved forward, I noticed I was able to see better and better.
Suddenly I saw daylight. I had reached the end. 
Elated, I rushed forward but stopped short when the bright sunlight hit my eyes. Squinting, I shaded my eyes. I was thrilled to be outside again and never wanted to go inside that tunnel again. After a moment I had adjusted to the brilliance of the sun and removed my hand from my eyes.
Now that my fears had melted away, I realized that my throat was very dry. I shrugged off my backpack and pulled out my nearly empty water bottle. Trying to ration what little water I had, I took a few sips, then screwed the lid back on and set the bottle back in the pack. Though I was famished, I decided to wait on eating either of the two remaining granola bars, afraid that would make me thirsty again.
There was no snow here, though the ground was damp, and I wondered how far from my original location I had come. At the hut the snow had appeared to be at least a foot deep. But here, birds chirped in the trees overhead and the branches seemed to whisper as a gentle breeze ruffled the pine needles. 
I looked around, trying to find something familiar. Nothing was and I knew I was hopelessly lost. Trying to suppress the growing panic that tightened my chest, I inhaled deeply and then exhaled slowly, loosening the fear and helping me to take a moment and think.
The walking path has to be around here somewhere, I thought. All I need to do is find it, then I’ll be home free.
I studied the bushes and trees surrounding me, looking for something that resembled a trail. 
This place must be pretty abandoned, I thought, because nothing looks like a trail to me. 
Snugging the backpack tighter to my shoulders, I set off in a direction I hoped would lead me to the path. As I trudged through the muddy forest my feet became heavier as the mud became a thick cake on my shoes. I stopped and looked around for a strong twig so that I could scrape off some of the muck. I quickly found a stick that would do the job.
My shoulders had begun to ache and I was feeling quite warm, so I set my backpack on the slimy ground and took off my coat. After stuffing it inside my backpack, I used the stick I had found and scraped off as much mud from my shoes as I could.
Satisfied, I tossed the stick, then reached into my backpack to get the water bottle. The first thing I touched was the rectangular shape of the granola bar I had ignored earlier. My stomach rumbled at the thought of eating it and I decided now was as good a time as any. After devouring the snack, I pulled the water bottle out and shook it, hoping that somehow that would increase the volume. The sound of the water splashing up the sides of the bottle only increased my thirst.
I remembered learning somewhere that if you’re thirsty, dehydration has already set in. Then I remembered something more ominous. People had been found in the desert, dead, with a half-full water bottle right next to them. Apparently they had tried to save the water for later, but had died of thirst before later ever came.
I unscrewed the lid and drank the remaining contents of the bottle, knowing that if I was to die out here, at least no one could laugh at me and say I had been stupid enough to not drink my water when I was thirsty.
Tucking the water bottle in my backpack, hopeful I would come across a water source and be able to fill it up, I continued my hike. It felt like it had been an hour since I’d left the tunnel, but I still didn’t feel like I was any closer to the path. 
After a while I stopped to rest. A fallen log lay nearby and I sat on it, grateful to be off my feet. I removed my pack and leaned it against the log, then took in my surroundings. To my right was the way I had just come. Where the groundcover wasn’t too thick and the earth had become muddy, I saw my footprints, but where it was dry there was no sign I had come that way. In front of me a group of tree trunks leaned against each other. They reminded me of the teepee my father had built for my younger brothers in the backyard. To my left, the brush looked thicker than the way I had come. But behind me was no better, so I decided to push on and see where I ended up.
Hauling my backpack onto my shoulders, I stood still for a moment as a thought occurred to me. Though I had absolutely no sense of direction, I felt like I had been walking in a straight line all this time, but I wondered if I should have turned at some point. Maybe I’d walked near the path, but had just missed it.
Frustrated and hungry, I decided to go in the direction that had been at my back. I climbed over the log where I had been resting and squeezed through a pair of bushes that were in the way. Thick brush was everywhere. I felt tired just looking at what lay ahead, but I had no reason to go any other direction.
With the need to find the easiest path through the underbrush, I found myself zigging and zagging all over the place. I knew I wasn’t going in a very straight line, but kept going anyway, grateful I wouldn’t need to find my way back to the hut where I had spent the night, because the chances of me finding it were slim. 
More than ever, I regretted running away and knew I would never do it again. It just wasn’t worth it. Mom and Dad might be worried, but I was the one suffering the most. Hungry. Thirsty. Sweating in the cool air. Tromping through the muddy forest. Yes, I was definitely the one suffering the most for my stupid, impulsive act.
“Yes, Mom. I was impulsive,” I shouted as I flung my arms in the air. “I promise I’m going to stop being impulsive, okay?”
Several birds flew out of the trees in alarm at my promise. Did that mean they didn’t believe me? Or maybe I was just being too loud again.
“I’ll try not to be so loud either,” I whispered, then laughed. I knew that would never happen.
I was so busy talking to myself that at first I didn’t notice that the trees and underbrush had thinned out. Hurrying forward, I scanned the ground in all directions, looking for any hint of the path. I lifted my gaze from the ground and stopped dead in my tracks, shocked at what I saw through the trees.
Chapter Four

The last thing I had expected to see. My house. Well, the back of my house. But there it was. It was all I could do to keep from racing to the back door, but then I realized my legs were too tired to run anyway.
The grin on my face made my dry lips crack, but I didn’t care. I was home. Relief washed over me in waves as I rushed forward. As I reached the back gate I was a bit surprised that Goldie hadn’t met me there. Usually the first to announce anyone’s arrival, we often had to hold her back to keep her from leaping all over people who dared to get too close.
I unlatched the gate and walked toward the door that led into the kitchen. I wondered how everyone would react when I arrived. Would they be happy to see me or furious that I had made them worry? 
Suddenly nervous, I took the last step to the door, reaching for the knob. I took a deep breath, then released it before twisting the knob in my hand. It opened easily. Hesitating now, I slowly pushed it open, expecting to see Mom there to greet me. Of course if she had been in the kitchen this whole time she would have seen me coming.
A quick glance into the room verified it was empty. Overwhelmed by sudden thirst, I dropped my backpack on the floor before dashing to the sink. Not even bothering to grab a glass, I tilted my head under the faucet and turned on the tap. Ice cold water rushed into my mouth and I greedily swallowed it. My thirst slaked, I turned off the faucet and reached for the pantry door, ravenous.
The food choices were different than what I remembered seeing the last time I’d raided the pantry. I knew Mom sometimes went on health food kicks and bought only healthy foods, but finding only dried fruits, low-fat crackers, and not one box of cookies on the shelves was disappointing. I was too hungry to complain and ripped open a package of crackers, stuffing them in my mouth.
Even though they were low-fat and low-sodium, they made me thirsty, but this time I decided to use a glass. I opened the cupboard and saw new glasses. Pulling one out, I admired the sparkling clarity and wondered when Mom had gotten them. Maybe she’d had them at dinner the night before, but of course I’d missed that meal when I’d run away.
Shrugging my shoulders, I turned on the faucet and filled the glass to the brim with cold water, gulping it down. I set the glass on the counter and opened the fridge. The healthy food that I’d found in the cupboard had only been the beginning. There was so much fresh produce in the fridge that it didn’t all fit in one drawer, but filled the bottom shelf as well. Skim milk and non-fat yogurt occupied the higher shelves.
Mom must be on one of her crazy diets again, I thought, wondering what yummy treats I would miss. 
Then I noticed the absence of noise, which was unusual when it came to my brothers.
Where is everyone? Are they out looking for me? Or maybe they’re somewhere else in the house. 
I glanced around the kitchen, suddenly realizing that something was different. The kitchen table had shrunk. Yesterday it had been a long rectangular slab of oak, big enough to fit our family of six. But today it was a glass square, with only four chairs.
That’s weird, I thought as I went to the table and ran my fingers across the glass, a feeling of unease drifting into my mind like a mist. I grabbed my backpack and headed for the stairs, wanting to get cleaned up.
I stepped into the living room and looked at the unfamiliar furniture and the feeling of unease grew. 
Could I be in the wrong house? I had approached it from the back. Maybe it was one that just looked like mine. After all, we hadn’t lived in our house very long. I could have made a mistake.
Walking to the front door, I stepped outside and stood on the front porch. There was the green picket fence, just like I remembered it. I walked to the side of the house and saw Goldie’s favorite place to dig. I even saw her favorite toy mostly hidden under a bush. 
This is my house. But when did Mom and Dad buy the new furniture?
I went back inside and headed up the stairs toward my bedroom and saw my closed bedroom door. Stopping in front of it, I hesitated, then turned the knob and pushed the door open. When I saw what was inside, my mouth fell open, my backpack slipped from my fingers, and I felt my knees go weak.
My bedroom had been turned into a home gym. A treadmill, elliptical, and stationary bicycle lined up neatly in the middle of the room, all facing a wall-mounted television.
“What the –“ I whispered. Upset and scared, I went to my parent’s room, but two steps in I stopped. Their furniture was all wrong—nothing I had seen before. Then I noticed the picture frames displayed on top of the dresser. Hurrying over, I quickly glanced at them, then picked one up.
Breathless, I whispered, “Who the heck are you?” 
I gently set the frame next to the others and felt my world begin to crumble. I didn’t know one person in any of the pictures. Unreality pounded through me.
What in the world is going on? Where is my family?
Clearly they didn’t live in this house anymore. A distressing thought filled my mind. Had they moved out as soon as I’d left? I shook my head. No. Don’t be ridiculous. They couldn’t have moved out and had someone else move in that fast.
Trying to push aside my utter bafflement, I tried to think about my survival. I wanted, no, needed, to find my family. But I didn’t know how long that would take and I knew from my recent experience in the woods that, at a minimum, I would need food and water.
Trying not to look at the unwelcome furnishings, I left the bedroom and went straight to the kitchen. I flung open the pantry door and unzipped my backpack, putting a few bottles of water inside. I grabbed a box of crackers and a package of dried fruit and added them as well. 
“What do you think you’re doing?” a woman shrieked. 
I spun around, startled to see someone standing there. The woman stared at me and I knew that with my filthy clothes I must look frightening. “I was just looking for my family,” I managed to say.
“In my pantry?”
“Well, no. This house. It’s my house.”
“I don’t think so,” she said, anger clear on her face. “It’s bought and paid for, thank you very much.” She stared at my feet. “And you’re tracking mud all through it.”
I glanced at my shoes, then looked at her. “But when did you buy it? When did you move in?”
“Weeks ago.”
“But I was just here yesterday and you didn’t live here.”
The woman looked at me like I had just gotten off the bus from crazy town. 
“I don’t know who you are,” she said. “But I live here now.”
More confused than ever, I asked, “Do you know where the family went that used to live here?”
“I have no idea. They are not my problem.” 
I noticed a look come across her face, almost like she felt guilty or something. Thinking I might ask the neighbors if they knew where my family had gone, I hefted my backpack onto one shoulder, grateful I had gotten a little bit of food.
“Where do you think you’re going with that?” the woman asked, a look of fury on her face, as if I was stealing her heirloom jewels.
“I’m going to find my family.” She stood between me and both the doorway to the living room and the back door through which I had originally come.
“You may not take my food.”
I noticed her fury was changing to distress.
“Do you have any idea how long it took me to save all that up?” Her hands were on her hips and her jaw clenched as she spoke.
I noticed she was pretty skinny and knew I could probably push past her easily enough.
“I’m sorry to take some of your food,” I said, almost feeling bad for her. “But I think I’m going to need it more than you.”
She looked me up and down, then squinted. “You could stand to lose a few pounds, missy.”
Shocked by her comment, my shoulders sagged. I thought I looked okay. Sure, I wouldn’t disappear if I lost a few pounds, but I was happy with my body. Then I became angry. Who is this skinny shrew to comment on my weight? I tightened the backpack on my shoulders and strode toward her. 
She stepped in my path, but my face must have looked fierce because she quickly stepped aside when I got close to her. I walked past her and into the living room, then out the front door. As I walked out the front gate she yelled after me, “You’d better not show your face around here again or I’ll call the police.”
Eyeing her over my shoulder, I gave her a dirty look, angry at her for living in my house, even though I knew that didn’t make any sense. The whole thing didn’t make any sense.
How was it possible that my family had disappeared when I’d been with them, in that house, only the day before?
Chapter Five

Deciding it might not be such a great idea to stick around the neighborhood interviewing the neighbors—neighbors I’d never bothered getting to know—I walked as fast as I could, which wasn’t very fast with the heavy backpack on my shoulders, and headed away from my house. As I passed the path I had taken the night before, I stared down the wooded trail, but kept on walking, heading for the main road.
Five minutes later I reached the road and considered hitchhiking into town. Maybe in town I could find out what had happened to my family. I walked along the road, waiting for a car to come by so I could try to get a ride. No cars came and I kept walking, thinking about the strange things that were happening.
How is it possible that my family lived in that house mere hours ago, but are now gone? And the woman said she’s lived there for weeks. That’s impossible. Impossible. 
I tried convincing myself that this was just a nightmare and that I was asleep. I pinched my arm, hard, hoping I would wake up, but the only thing that happened was a sharp pain in my arm that was sure to leave a bruise. Tears of frustration filled my eyes.
I thought about my family. I would do anything to find them. Then I frowned at the irony. Yesterday I had been so mad at Mom that I couldn’t wait to run away from home. Today I was devastated that I couldn’t be with her and Dad. I even missed Amy and my little brothers.
Trudging along the road, I tried to think of a reason, any reason, why they had disappeared. Nothing came to mind.
Finally I came to a bus stop that had a bench and a wooden structure shading it, probably built by some boy trying to earn his Eagle Scout award. That was fine with me. All I wanted was a place to stop and have something to eat.
I dropped onto the bench, exhausted, and set the backpack on the seat next to me. I nibbled on some dried fruit, then drank some water. After my hunger was partially satisfied, I reached into a side pocket and pulled out a small notebook along with a pen. My hand trembled as I set the small notepad on my lap. I clutched the pen in my other hand until the shaking stopped, then forced myself to write.
My name is Morgan Campbell. I’m sixteen years old and I don’t understand what is happening.
 I set the pen down and stared at the empty street, slouching on the bench, wondering if a bus would actually be coming. Fresh confusion swept over me and I gnawed on the inside of my lip. What is happening? Where is my family? Squeezing my eyes closed, I tried to make sense of the last twenty-four hours. 
But nothing made sense.
Trying to focus my thoughts on something constructive to do, I decided to write down the steps I could take to find my family. Trying to distract myself from the bizarre errand I was now on, I concentrated on using my best penmanship.
Find a computer and Google them or find a phone book and look them up.
I stared at what I’d written. “It’s not much of a list,” I murmured. Pen poised over the paper, I had no idea what else to write. 
The rumble of a bus saved me from thinking too hard about my situation. Quickly stuffing my notebook and pen into the side pocket of my backpack, I pulled out my wallet. The door to the bus whooshed open and I climbed the steps, stopping next to the bus driver.
“How much to ride the bus?” I asked.
He barely glanced my way. “Two dollars.”
Unzipping the compartment on my wallet where I kept the bills, I frowned as I looked inside. I was living off the cash I’d had in my wallet and I didn’t have a penny over thirty dollars.
Maybe I can stop by the bank and withdraw some of my savings, I thought.
The bus driver cleared his throat and threw a look my way. Frowning, I dug out two dollars and shoved them into the receptacle then turned toward the seats. There were only a handful of people on the bus. I sat in the first empty seat, which was in the front row, but not the one behind the bus driver. I never liked to sit right behind the bus driver; I always felt like I was being watched when I sat there.
He pulled the handle to close the door and we lumbered down the road. I knew it would take at least ten minutes to reach town, having driven there with my family a few times. I watched the blur of trees as we sped past the forest. The trees changed to meadows and I stared at the few houses we passed, wondering if my family could be in one of them.
When the bus stopped in the center of town I climbed off, dragging my backpack with me. I headed down the main street, on the lookout for a place to use a computer. Starting off in a random direction, I looked at the store fronts as I passed. Boutiques, bookstores, and mom and pop diners lined the road. Nothing with public access to a computer. But then it occurred to me that one of the stores might have a phone book, which would also have the information I needed.
A few minutes later I found myself standing in front of the Come on Inn Diner. It looked like they had rooms available above the diner, which must be where the Inn part of the name came from. I opened the door and the smell of hamburgers wafted toward me, making my stomach growl.
Ignoring my first impulse to go right to the counter, I made my way to the ladies room and pushed through the door. I saw two stalls, but both were unoccupied. Glad to be alone, I went to the sink and looked at myself in the mirror. Normally I kept my wavy dark-blonde hair under control, but now it stuck up in several places. Plus my face needed washing. 
No wonder that woman at my house looked scared of me, I thought. I’m a mess.
I set my backpack on the floor, then splashed warm water on my face. I ran my wet hands through my hair, forcing it to behave. I grabbed a handful of paper towels and dried my face and hands, then used the damp paper towels to wipe the dirt off of my shoes.
Tossing the dirty paper towels in the trash, I looked in the mirror again and thought I looked presentable, even if I didn’t look my best. Just then a woman walked in and went into a stall. I grabbed my backpack and left, heading directly toward the counter.
Sliding onto a stool, I picked up the menu, deciding I could take a moment to eat something before continuing my quest. The menu choices were a bit surprising: veggie burgers, low-fat soups and salads, low-calorie deli sandwiches. I’d never had a veggie burger before, but was too hungry to be picky and decided to order one with all the fixings, along with a diet soda.
“What can I get you, hon?” the waitress asked, her pencil at the ready on her notepad.
I told her what I wanted and she didn’t respond, but stared at me. Finally she said, “Don’t you think you’d prefer one of our low-fat soups? The vegetable minestrone is especially good.”
I felt my eyebrows furrow. “Is there something wrong with the veggie burger?”
“Oh no. It’s fantastic.” She smiled, showing straight white teeth framed by bright red lips.
“Then why would I want the soup?” 
She glanced in the direction of my waist, then met my eyes. “Veggie burger it is.”
When she turned around to give the order to the cook, I looked down at my stomach self-consciously and sat up straighter, sucking in my gut. That was twice today someone had suggested I needed to lose weight. I couldn’t believe how rude some people were.
A short time later the waitress placed my order in front of me, a look of disapproval on her face. I almost said something rude to her, but instead asked if she had a phone book I could look through. A moment later she placed one on the counter next to my plate and I eagerly flipped to the C’s. Running my finger down the page, I saw there were a lot of Campbell’s. My finger stopped when I reached Campbell, Steven and Roxanne. My gaze followed my finger as it moved to the address listed across from the name.
I blinked to make sure I had read it correctly and frowned as I confirmed that the address was the address of the house I had so recently left. The house with the woman who said she didn’t know where my family had gone.
I stared at the page without seeing it, my thoughts racing, then pushed the phone book away. I looked at my veggie burger and found my appetite had diminished. Knowing my funds were limited and that it might be a while before I had the chance to eat a hot meal, I forced myself to eat half of the burger and asked for a box to put the rest in.
The waitress smiled with apparent approval that I hadn’t eaten the whole thing and I decided I wouldn’t leave her a tip. She placed an empty box next to my plate and turned away to refill a customer’s coffee mug.
Before I left I decided to look at the address once more, just to make sure I hadn’t missed anything. I looked at all the Campbell’s near my parents’ names and didn’t see any others that were similar. My gaze wandered to the next column and settled on a name that I recognized.
Candee, Mitchell and Tiffany
Those must be Rochelle Candee’s parents, I thought, elated. There were no other Candee’s in the listings. I didn’t know Rochelle very well, but she sat next to me in two of my classes and had been reasonably friendly. I tended to keep to myself so I hadn’t made many friends since we’d moved here. Okay, let’s be honest. I’d only made acquaintances, not friends. I didn’t know anyone all that well.
But still, seeing a name I recognized gave me the tiniest bit of hope, hope that I desperately needed. I wrote down her phone number and address in my notebook, then called the waitress over and showed her the address. “Do you know where this is?”
She touched the notepad with her long red nails. A red that matched her lipstick, I noticed, then smiled at me. “Sure, hon. I know right where that is.” She pointed out the window in the general direction I had come from. “You go on down Main Street until you get to the Green Leaf Bookstore. Then you make a left and go two blocks. Then you take a right and go three blocks. There’s a little park there and you’ll find that street right by the park.”
I wrote furiously in my notebook, knowing there was no way I could remember the directions otherwise. “Thank you.” I placed the box with my leftover hamburger in my backpack, hoping I would regain my appetite before the bacteria started growing on the warm food. I wondered if bacteria grew slower on a veggie burger than on a real hamburger.
I paid for the meal and ended up leaving a tip since the waitress had been helpful after all, then left the diner and headed in the direction she had pointed out.
Chapter Six

The Green Leaf Bookstore wasn’t far from the diner and I stopped in front of it, looking at the window display. My eyebrows went up in surprise at the titles shown in the window. Losing Weight the Easy Way. Three Hundred Recipes Under Three Hundred Calories. All the books seemed to have similar subjects.
Someone has an unhealthy obsession with weight, I thought, trying to see through the window what kind of people worked and shopped there. I couldn’t see very far into the store, so I decided to stop in and take a quick look around.
The bookstore wasn’t very big, but as I glanced around I saw that most of the books were of the normal variety and I decided the bookstore must focus on a certain subject each month or something, and this month it was a healthy lifestyle.
“Can I help you?” a woman asked.
I turned around and saw a slender woman with straight blond hair.
Curious if my assumption was correct, I said, “Actually I was wondering. Is this Healthy Living month or something?”
She looked confused. “Pardon me?”
I gestured to the window display. “I just noticed all the books on eating healthy and losing weight and just wondered if you were focusing on being healthy this month.”
Her delicate brow creased. “Well, no. We always focus on taking care of our bodies. Many of our customers are looking for those kinds of books. That’s all.” Her brow smoothed out as she smiled at me, clearly expecting me to know what she was talking about.
“Oh. Okay. Well thanks.”
“Is there anything I can help you find?”
“No. I was just browsing.”
“All right. Well if you need anything, I’ll be over there.”
I nodded, then turned and left the store. As I walked down the sidewalk I glanced down a side street. A sign caught my eye and I smiled. Library. I knew they would have computers that I could use. Feeling hopeful, I turned down the street and walked toward the library, a smile on my face.
I’ve always loved to read and had visited this library a couple of times since we’d moved here—I’d even gotten a library card—and as I walked through the automatic doors, the familiar quiet soothed me. Like I said, I’d only been there a couple of times, but when I walked in, the layout seemed wrong somehow. As I approached the librarian sitting at the information desk, I could have sworn that desk had been in a completely different place before. Ignoring the sudden apprehension in my mind, I moved toward the woman. Glancing to my right, I saw a row of computers. Several were being used, but there were plenty available. 
“Excuse me,” I said, trying to project confidence I did not feel.
“Yes? How may I help you?” She had a friendly smile on her face.
“I’d like to use one of the computers.”
“Certainly. Do you have your library card with you?”
“Yeah, just a sec.” I dug through my backpack and pulled out my wallet, then handed her my library card. I watched as she scanned it in to her machine. A look of puzzlement crept onto her face and she scanned it again.
“That’s odd,” she muttered.
My heart began to pound and the feeling of disquiet grew. “Is something wrong?”
She looked at me and smiled. “Your card number seems to be invalid, but I can’t see anything wrong with it.” She shrugged. “It’s just not in the system.” Holding the card out to me, she added, “I’m sorry.”
Panic swept over me. “I don’t understand. I was just in here last week and it worked fine.” I paused, swallowing around the lump that had formed in my throat. “I really need to use the computer.”
“Do you have some other identification?”
I flipped through my wallet, searching for something to show her. Mom kept my learner’s permit with her—so I wouldn’t forget to take it when I drove with her, she said, although I think she just wanted to make sure I couldn’t drive with anyone else—and I hadn’t bothered getting my new student ID yet. Feeling my hopes slipping away, I felt tears push into my eyes. I kept my gaze away from the librarian’s, embarrassed to be such a baby, but she must have noticed anyway.
“A student ID perhaps?” she asked, kindness in her voice.
I shook my head, refusing to meet her eyes.
“What’s your name? Maybe I can just look you up.”
Blinking several times to push the tears back, I lifted my gaze. “Morgan. Morgan Campbell.”
I couldn’t see her screen, but she tapped on her keyboard with authority. After a moment she looked at me and shook her head. “I’m not finding you in here.”
I must have looked crestfallen because she offered to try looking me up by my address. I rattled off my address and held my breath as she typed that in.
“You said your last name is Campbell, right?”
I nodded, a sinking feeling beginning to swell within my gut.
“And what are the names of your parents?”
“Steven and Roxanne Campbell.”
She shook her head as she looked at me. “I’m sorry, Morgan. Those names are not tied to that address.”
Somehow I wasn’t surprised, but the disappointment still felt sharp, like when you think a cute boy is looking at you, but when you look at him he’s looking at the pretty girl who sits on the other side of you. “Is there any way I can use the computer? Just for a minute?”
“I’m truly sorry, Morgan, but we have very strict Internet access rules. Without a library card, I can’t let you use it.”
The way she said my name, like she was my friend even though she wasn’t willing to bend the rules for me, rubbed me the wrong way. Irritation at her, plus devastation that I still had no idea where my family had gone, made me feel less than nice. “Thanks for nothing,” I muttered. Her shocked expression made me feel a little better, though by the time I walked out the door I felt worse than when I had walked in.
When I walked out I remembered that I wanted to try and withdraw my money from the bank. I knew there was a small branch nearby and I headed in that direction. A few minutes later I pushed through the glass doors and walked up to a teller.
“How may I help you?” he asked.
“Hi. I’d like to withdraw some money from my account.”
“Sure. What’s your account number?”
I had no idea. “I can’t remember, but my name is Morgan Campbell. Can you look it up that way?”
“Do you have photo ID?”
My shoulders slumped. “No. My Mom has it.”
“Can you get it from her?”
I almost laughed at the ridiculous question. If I knew where my mom was, I wouldn’t need to withdraw any money. I’d just go home. Instead I shook my head.
“I’m sorry, Ms. Campbell. Without a photo ID, I can’t access your account.”
Well, crap, I thought. I just can’t win. “Thanks anyway.” Though what I really wanted to do was to tell him to hand over his cash and no one would get hurt. Somehow I restrained myself and walked out.
I headed back toward the main road until I was near the bookstore again, then began following the directions the waitress had given me to get to Rochelle Candee’s house. I consulted my notebook a few times as I followed her directions. Soon I saw the park in the distance. I hurried towards it, feeling like I was making progress in my quest to find my family.
Leafy trees ringed the perimeter. The sidewalk made a path next to the trees and I followed it along, watching the street names as I passed them. The park was a large oval and by the time I found Rochelle’s street I had gone almost all the way around. If I had known that, I would have gone the other direction to start with. 
	I crossed the road and stepped onto the corner of Rochelle’s street, but paused, wondering how I would explain my predicament without sounding crazy. It wasn’t like me to start random conversations with people I didn’t know very well, and the fear of how Rochelle would react almost made me turn around and go back. But back to where? The house where the woman threatened to call the police if she saw me again? The Come on Inn Diner where the waitress seemed friendly but on the inside she was judging me? Anyway, I was certain I didn’t have enough money to pay for one of the rooms.
	I thought about the hut where’d I’d slept the night before and wondered if I should try to get back there. But how would I find it again? I’d walked for over an hour before I’d found the back of my house. And I hadn’t followed any kind of trail. Plus, it would most likely be dark before I found it. I doubted I would be able to walk back to town, catch a bus, get dropped off near my house (I couldn’t help it. In my mind it was my house.) then find my way back to the hut, all before dark. That was even assuming I could find my way to the hut, which was doubtful since I lacked any sense of direction.
	Sighing, I straightened the backpack on my shoulders, which were rather sore, and walked toward Rochelle’s house. Having memorized her street address, I studied the numbers on the houses as I went. Finally I came to her house. The white mailbox had CANDEE written in large black letters, so there was no mistaking that this was the right house.
Stopping at the base of the driveway, I noticed that the house was nothing to be intimidated by. It was just average; white with blue shutters, not too big, a couple of toys scattered in the yard. Somehow seeing all this made me feel better and I walked a little faster to the front door. I rang the doorbell and waited expectantly. Listening intently for the sound of footsteps, I waited a moment before knocking. There was nothing.
	I had been so busy being worried about having to talk to Rochelle and needing to explain what had happened that I hadn’t even considered that she might not be home. My shoulders slumped as I considered what to do next.
Maybe she’s just at school, I thought. 
I didn’t have a watch and Mom had taken away my cell phone, but I guessed it was around two o’clock. Maybe I should just wait for her to get home, I thought. I had nowhere else to go.
	There were some chairs on the front porch. Setting my backpack on the ground, I rolled my head from side to side to try to loosen the knots that had formed on my shoulders, then sat on one of the chairs. It felt good to sit after the long walk I had been on.
So far Plan A, finding my parents’ new address in the phone book, and Plan B, talking to Rochelle, had been complete failures. Well maybe not complete failures. At least in the phone book I had found Rochelle’s address, although that didn’t seem to be panning out very well.
I frowned and stared out at the street. No one seemed to be around. 
All the walking had made me hungry. I pulled out my leftover veggie burger and a bottle of water and finished them both off, trying to enjoy each bite as I didn’t know when I’d eat next. I tucked the empty water bottle in my backpack, planning to fill it at some point, then stared at the empty container from my veggie burger. I didn’t want to carry trash around in my backpack, so I decided to go around to the Candee’s backyard and see if there was a trash can where I could throw away the empty box. 
Leaving my backpack on the porch, I walked past the garage door and to the gate. A string hung down, and I pulled it, hearing the satisfying click of the gate unlatching. I hesitated, wondering if they had a dog, but then figured it would have made itself known when I approached the house. Pushing the gate open, I immediately saw a large trash can. In a few steps I was in front of it. Tossing my trash inside, I turned back to go out the way I had come and that’s when I saw a smallish woman with a puff of gray hair, standing on the other side of the gate, her hands on her hips.
“Can I help you with something?” she asked.
I wondered if this was Rochelle’s grandmother or a nosy neighbor.
“Do you know when the Candee’s will be back?” I figured she wouldn’t be too suspicious of me if I knew the name of the people who lived in the house where I was helping myself to their backyard.
“Now why would I tell you that? How do I know you’re not just trying to rob the place?”
“How would I know who lives here then?”
“It’s written right there on the mailbox,” she said, hitching her thumb over her shoulder in the direction of the street.
Duh. I had forgotten about that. I tried to think of a way to convince her I meant no harm. “I’m a friend of Rochelle’s. From school.”
The woman’s expression softened ever so slightly. “She’s a good girl, that one. She takes care of my cat when I’m away.”
“I really need to talk to her. Do you know when she’ll be home?”
“I’m afraid you’ll be waiting a long time. They went on vacation and won’t be back for another three days.”
“Oh.” I must have looked pretty downcast because the woman asked if everything was okay. Tempted to tell her my troubles, I even opened my mouth to speak, but then I decided not to say anything. “I’ll be fine. But thank you.”
“You take care of yourself now,” she said, before turning away and walking toward her house next door.
I walked out of the backyard, closing the gate behind me, then went to the front porch and grabbed my backpack. Staring at the front door, wishing someone was home who could help me, I felt despair enveloping me like mist on a foggy day. 
Maybe I should go to the neighbor’s house, I thought. She seemed nice enough. Maybe she has a computer I could use.
Renewed hope pierced the cloud of despair like a beam of sunlight burning through the morning fog. Tossing my backpack over one shoulder, I stepped off the porch and marched towards the house next door. Not letting myself worry about what the woman would think of my wacky story, I pressed the doorbell and heard it pealing in the entry.
A moment later the woman opened the door, obviously surprised to see me standing there. “Yes?” she asked.
“Hi,” I said lamely. 
She raised her eyebrows, obviously waiting for me to continue.
“I, well, you asked if everything is okay, and well, it’s not.”
“Oh, I see.”
I could feel my face crumpling and hot tears pushing their way into my eyes. She must have realized I was about to fall apart because she said, “Why don’t you come in and tell me about it.”
I just nodded, my chin wobbly, and followed her inside. She closed the door behind me. I bit my lower lip, trying to control my emotions.
She pointed to her living room. “Come sit down, why don’t you?”
I did as she suggested, taking off my backpack before letting the soft chair embrace me. The woman sat across from me in a chair that was a twin to mine.
“Now, why don’t you start by telling me your name.”
I had gotten myself under control and managed to say, “Morgan Campbell.”
“How old are you, Morgan?”
“I’m sixteen.”
She nodded. “My name is Patrice Donaldson. You may call me Mrs. Donaldson.”
“Okay.” Then I remembered my manners. “Thank you for inviting me in.”
“You said you’re a school mate of Rochelle’s.”
“Yes.”
“Where do you live?”
How was I going to explain this? “Well, I thought I lived on Meadow Lane.”
“What do you mean, you ‘thought’ you lived?”
I squirmed uneasily in my chair, trying to figure out what to say. “Well, you see, I lived there yesterday. But today someone else is living there.”
Her forehead creased with puzzlement as she listened. “I don’t understand.”
Who would?  I certainly didn’t.
“Who do you live with?” she asked, obviously trying to piece this together.
“My family.”
“Your family,” she parroted. “And who is in your family?”
“You know. My mom and dad and my brothers and sister.”
Her eyebrows went up. “How many kids are there?”
“Four.”
“That’s a big family.”
“I guess.” It just seemed normal to me.
“And they just,” she held up her fists, then flung her fingers open. “Poof. Vanished.”
I nodded, knowing how unbelievable my story sounded.
When she spoke next, she didn’t make eye contact with me. “This doesn’t make any sense.”
“I know.”
She leaned forward in her chair squinted at me. “So you just woke up this morning and your family was gone and some other family was living in your house.”
“Well there’s a little more to it than that.”
She leaned back in her chair, skepticism written all over her face. “Uh huh.”
“Well, you see, last night I ran away.”
Her eyes opened wider. 
“I know it was stupid and I shouldn’t have done it.” Why was I telling her this? She didn’t know me and she didn’t care. “But when I got home this morning, my family was gone.”
Mrs. Donaldson stared at me, evidently wondering what to make of my story.
“Look, I won’t bother you any longer,” I said. “But do you have a computer I could use? You know, to look up my family?”
Several emotions played across her face before she spoke. “I can’t help you. I don’t have a computer.”
“Oh.”
“Can I get you something to drink?” She pushed herself out of her chair and stood.
“Okay, sure.” I barely paid attention as she left the living room, but a moment later I faintly heard the sound of someone talking. Curious, I crept out of the living room and into a hallway. The voice became slightly louder as I silently made my way forward. As I moved down the hall I glanced into a neighboring room and saw a desk with a large computer monitor on it. 
The woman had lied to me, but why?
I took a few more steps but stopped when I heard Mrs. Donaldson’s voice more clearly. She was talking softly, but I was able to make out some of what she was saying.
“Skulking about . . . wild story . . . maybe escaped . . . yes, a few pounds . . .”
What? What was she talking about? Escaped from where? Did she say something about pounds? What did that mean? Who was she talking to? Could it be the police? 
Alarm bells rang in my head and I knew I had to get out of there. Now.
Hurrying back to the living room, I grabbed my backpack and slipped out the front door, then walked quickly down the street. Having nowhere else to go, I made my way back to the park and found a bench to sit on. 
Now what was I going to do? No one would believe my “wild story”, as Mrs. Donaldson had told someone on the phone. Who could blame them? She probably thought I was going to rob her or something.
Feeling completely discouraged and hopeless, I slumped on the bench, not knowing what to do. My family had moved away, apparently not caring what happened to me, and now I was homeless and essentially an orphan. Fat tears welled up in my eyes and slid down my cheeks. I felt completely alone. I was completely alone.
I allowed myself to have a good cry, but after a while I was able to get my emotions under control. I wiped my face with the heels of my hands and stared into the distance, not thinking about anything in particular. I could see a few people shooting hoops on one of the basketball courts and others pushing children on swings in a play area, but no one was near me. 
Worn out, I took my jacket out of my backpack and bunched it up into a make-shift pillow, then I curled up on the bench and rested my head on my jacket. I wrapped my arms around my backpack, holding it against my stomach, then closed my eyes. 
A while later I woke abruptly to the feeling of someone trying to tug my backpack out of my arms. I opened my eyes and saw two boys, about twelve years old, yanking my backpack out of my arms. In my surprise, I loosened my grip and they fell backward, my backpack clutched in their arms.
“Hey,” I yelled. “That’s mine!”
“Not anymore,” one of them yelled as they scrambled to their feet and dashed away.
I leapt off the bench and chased them, but they were fast and soon outdistanced me. I’d always hated running and this was no exception. My lungs burned from my sprint and when I stopped, I bent over and placed my hands on my knees, trying to catch my breath.
Suddenly I noticed that the sun had gone down while I’d been napping, and it was nearly dark. Surprisingly, it didn’t seem chilly—and that wasn’t just because I’d been running. I’d slept without wearing my jacket and when I’d woken I hadn’t felt cold.
That’s really odd, I thought. Last night it had snowed a good foot, but today I hadn’t seen any snow and it didn’t even feel cold.
I made my way back to the bench where I’d left my pillow-jacket, glad I still had that at least. Silently cursing the two boys who had stolen all my other possessions, I reached the bench where I’d taken my nap and found my jacket, still bunched up like a pillow. Sitting again, I thought about what was in my backpack. My wallet had been in there with all of my money. All twenty dollars, or whatever I had left after the bus trip and lunch. Now I would have no way to buy anything.
Anger at the two boys washed over me and I shook my head, feeling helpless to do anything about it. What could I do, call the police? They would want to know who I was and what I was doing sleeping in the park. Of course I wouldn’t have to say I’d been sleeping, but I knew going to the police was a non-starter. What if that was who Mrs. Donaldson had been talking to on the phone? Had she given them my name? I frowned, knowing I would have to work this out on my own.
I leaned my head back and looked through the tree branches at the stars that blinked in the sky. My number one priority was to find my family. I believed once I found them, everything would be okay. But how could I find them? If I could just get online, surely I could figure out some way to track them down. Where could I find a computer?
The image of Rochelle’s empty house filled my mind. 
They must have a computer, I thought. Plus if I can get inside it would be a safe place to spend the night. 
I glanced around the now-deserted park. The thought of spending the night out here, by myself, made me shudder. Last night in the hut was bad enough, but out here in the open, anyone could show up and attack me. I’d already been robbed by two pre-pubescent boys. I didn’t want to imagine who else could be lurking about in the dark.
Suddenly feeling the need to get to a safe place, I stood and put my jacket on, even though it wasn’t cold; I wanted to keep my hands free in case I had to protect myself. I knew I was probably being paranoid, but when I remembered waking up to those two boys stealing my backpack right out of my hands, and then imagined who could be hiding behind the trees in the dark right this very second, I felt thoroughly freaked out.
Looking around in the dark, trying to convince myself that the shadows were just that, shadows, I hurried toward the corner that led to Rochelle’s house, happy to be leaving the park behind. When I could see Mrs. Donaldson’s house I slowed, worried that she would see me. I just knew if she saw me she would call the police. Hadn’t she been telling them (or whoever was on the phone) that I’d been “skulking about” and telling “wild stories”. Of course she would call the police if she saw me.
Thankful now for the darkness, I crossed the street so that I could stay as far away from Mrs. Donaldson’s house as possible. Though there were street lamps, none were near Rochelle’s house so I hoped I could get to her house unseen. As I made my way down the street I stayed close to the houses I passed and away from the street. It was a risk—what if someone saw me “skulking about”? But what really worried me was the thought of Mrs. Donaldson seeing me.
“I hate my life,” I muttered as I got closer to my destination.
A moment later I was across the street from Mrs. Donaldson’s house. Glancing in that direction, I willed myself to be invisible and hoped she wasn’t the type to randomly look out her front window. Walking as fast as I could, I made it past her house and then past Rochelle’s. When I was between two houses, I tried to act casual as I walked to the sidewalk and then across the street near Rochelle’s house. Next, I backtracked until I was nearly to Rochelle’s house. Still fearing Mrs. Donaldson’s prying eyes, I cut across the lawn and hurried to Rochelle’s darkened porch.
Once there, I felt safe.  Her porch couldn’t be seen from Mrs. Donaldson’s house. Of course there were other neighbor’s, but none of them had questioned me earlier and as long as they hadn’t seen me creeping along, they wouldn’t think anything of it. 
Now that I was here I needed to find a way in. First, I lifted the mat and looked underneath, hoping to find a key. Nothing. Then I lifted all the pots and felt inside them, but only found dirt. I began to wonder if this latest idea was such a good one. 
Deciding to take my chances, plus not having any other ideas, I stepped off of the front porch and toward the back gate. I hoped my luck would hold and Mrs. Donaldson wouldn’t see me, but I had to find a way into Rochelle’s house. The idea of spending the night outside, completely exposed to any danger that might stumble upon me, plus the even greater need of getting to a computer, pushed me forward. 
I hurried to the gate, hoping to slip back there unnoticed. I pulled the string, pushed open the gate, then closed it behind me as quietly as I could. Earlier I hadn’t ventured past the garbage cans, so I didn’t know what I would find back here. It was difficult to see much of anything in the dark, but I was able to make my way to a back patio. I could see a table with four chairs, a few planters filled with flowers, a pair of French doors that led into the house, a barbeque grill pressed against the wall, and several large rocks lining the patio.
First I checked under and in the planters but came up empty. Then I began lifting the stones. Some were real, others had built-in speakers. One was lightweight, meaning it was fake, but had no speaker. I turned it over in my hands but didn’t see anything out of the ordinary. I closed my eyes (I couldn’t see very well anyway, in the dim light), and let my fingers do the work. A hopeful smile spread across my mouth as I felt something loosen.
I opened my eyes and strained to see, but had to rely on my sense of touch to pry open a bottom compartment. Something fell out and bounced off of my foot. I reached down and picked up the object that had fallen.
A key.
Chapter Seven

Eager to get inside, I slid the key into the lock on the French door. It turned smoothly and I heard the comforting sound of the deadbolt disengaging. I pushed the door open, rattling the mini-blinds that hung on the door. Then it occurred to me that the Candee’s could have an alarm. I paused and held my breath. No shrieking alarm broke the silence. Relieved, I stepped into the room, then closed and locked the door behind me.
The warmth of the room felt like a blanket wrapping around me. I tried to see into the room, but it was too dark. I didn’t want to turn on any lights in case Mrs. Donaldson saw them, so I stumbled forward into what seemed to be a family room. Carefully stepping forward, I ran right into a table.
“Ow!” I cried out before slapping my hand over my mouth. The corner of the table had jabbed right into my hip. I rubbed the spot, knowing I would end up with a bruise. Using my hands to feel my way, I moved around the table, which was too small to be anything but an end table, and touched the arm of a couch.
At least there were no spider webs or mouse droppings like I’d experienced so recently. Then again, I didn’t want to make a habit of having to find my way in the dark in unknown places. 
Lifting my hands from the arm of the couch, I moved around the front of it until I found the cushion, then took off my jacket and set it in the corner of the couch. I sank into the softness of the cushions and leaned my head back against the pillowy headrest, a feeling of safety flowing over me. Though I’d had a nap earlier, I felt my eyelids began to droop and I felt myself drifting off to sleep. I dreamt that a giant caterpillar was rubbing against me and biting my arm. Then I heard a faint rumbling sound and the caterpillar bit harder. In my sleep I flung my arm to the side and startled awake to a loud “Meow”.
Gasping in surprise, I found that the caterpillar was actually a large orange tabby, purring vigorously and nipping at my arm.
“Hi, there,” I said softly, stroking the cat’s fluffy coat. He pressed his head into my hand, looking for a scratch. I obliged and he climbed onto my lap and rubbed against my shirt. “I guess you miss your people. Are you hungry?”
Then it struck me that someone might be coming by in the morning to feed the cat. Maybe even Mrs. Donaldson. She had mentioned how Rochelle always took care of her cat. It followed that she would take care of the Candee’s cat when they were out of town. 
Should I leave? The thought of searching for some other place to stay exhausted me. Where would I go anyway? But what if I had taken the key that she used to get in? If it wasn’t there when she came to feed the cat, she’d probably call the police. The idea terrified me.
I lifted the cat from my lap and set him on the floor, then felt my way back to the French doors, opened them, and stepped onto the back patio. After the dim interior of the house, the patio didn’t seem so dark in comparison, with the light from the moon plus the nearby streetlamps. I found the rock that had held the key, slid open the secret compartment and put the key back in before closing it up and putting it back in place.
As I turned to go back into the house the cat raced past me and out into the yard.
“Oh no,” I moaned. I was so tired that I hadn’t been thinking clearly and had left the door wide open. I decided that the cat must be an indoor cat, or it wouldn’t have been in the house in the first place. I knew I had to get the cat and bring him back inside or for sure Mrs. Donaldson would know someone had been in the house. She might even suspect it was me. 
“Here kitty, kitty,” I whispered into the yard, seeing the bright orbs of the cat’s eyes as they reflected what little light filtered through the night sky. He seemed to be watching me, daring me to try to catch him. I knew he would be nothing like my dog Goldie, who would run to me when given the smallest bit of encouragement.
I took a step in his direction and he didn’t move. My hopes rose as I took three more steps. Halfway there now. “Here kitty, kitty,” I called again, barely audible. His ears twitched as he stared at me. “Do you want me to give you a scratch?” He seemed interested, but then looked toward the fence and darted away. I chased after him but he climbed over the fence before I had even reached the edge of the yard.
I peeked through a knothole in the fence and saw the cat staring back at me from the yard of the neighbor. There was no way I would risk climbing the fence to try to get the cat back. My only hope was that he would get hungry by morning, hopefully before Mrs. Donaldson came over, and want to be let in.
Angry at myself for making such a stupid mistake, I hurried back across the yard and into the house, locking the door behind me. I decided to explore the house as much as I could in the dark so I could find a comfortable place to spend the night. After being outside where there was some light, the inside seemed very dark and I had a brief flashback to earlier that day when I’d been in the pitch black tunnel. I shuddered at the memory. 
Creeping forward, I felt my way to the couch. I grabbed my jacket and moved past the couch and along an adjacent wall until I came to a hallway, then followed it to the end where I found a closed door. I opened it and found what appeared to be a large room. I figured it was the master bedroom and the door had probably been closed to keep the cat out. I shuffled into the room, careful not to run into any furniture, and found my way to a large walk-in closet. 
This would do for a place to curl up and sleep. I left the master bedroom and came to what must have been Rochelle’s room. Pulling her pillow and blankets off of her bed, I dragged them back to the closet. Closing the bedroom door, I went back into the closet and arranged the blanket and pillow before curling up on the floor. 
Though I wanted to find a computer to search for my family’s address, I was afraid that any light might draw the attention of Mrs. Donaldson or some other neighbor who knew the Candee’s were out of town. I forced myself to wait until morning.
It took me a while to fall asleep as I thought about my family and wondered what they were doing and if they were searching for me. After a while I finally fell asleep. It seemed only minutes had passed when I woke to an awful howling sound. Groggy, it took me a moment to realize it was the cat making a racket at the back door, finally ready to come back in.
My eyes had adjusted to the dark enough that I was able to hustle to the back door and let the cat in before he woke up the entire neighborhood, or at least Mrs. Donaldson. As soon as I locked the door, the cat continued complaining. I thought he might be cold and hungry, but it was his own fault as far as I was concerned.
Turning my back on him, I went to the master bedroom, closed the door and crawled into my make-shift bed. Just as I began drifting off to sleep, the cat meowed outside the bedroom door, apparently wanting in. I tried to ignore him, but it was difficult to sleep with his persistent wailing. Finally I gave up and let him in. He followed me to the closet and as soon as I lay down, he curled up against me and began enthusiastically purring.
I had to admit that it was nice to have his warm little body pressed against mine, so I didn’t mind the noise too much and soon fell back asleep.
When I woke in the morning I was completely disoriented and at first had no idea where I was. When I tried to move I felt the dead weight of the sleeping cat and lifted my head to look at the furry orange and white body. I set my hand on his back and he lifted his head and began purring again.
“You sure are a friendly cat.” I scratched his ears and he moved his head to allow me better access. “You like your ears scratched, don’t you?” After petting him for a moment, my hands caught on his collar. “What’s your name?” He purred more vigorously as I lifted his chin to grab the silver disc attached to his collar. “Tiger,” I read. “Well, Tiger, I think it’s time to get up.”
I wondered what time it was as I rolled out of the warm blankets. A clock radio sat on the bedside table next to the Candee’s large bed. Seven thirty. I wondered what time Mrs. Donaldson would come over to feed the cat. 
Now that the sun was up there was enough light to see inside the house, even with all the blinds down. I hurried to the living room, lifted a slat in the blinds and peeked out. No one approached. I wondered how much time I would have before Mrs. Donaldson came over. My stomach rumbled and I decided to risk it and went into the kitchen to see if there was anything to eat.
As I stepped onto the tile floor, I nearly tripped on the bowls of cat food and water that were spread out in a semi-circle. 
“Ahh,” I said. “So that’s how they do it.” Apparently they had put out enough food and water for the cat to survive while they were gone. “No Mrs. Donaldson coming over today,” I said, a grin on my face. I could have slept in a bed instead of on the floor, I realized. Oh well, at least I had been warm. I suddenly felt pretty good and stretched my arms over my head. 
Hope rushed through me and I decided the first thing to do was to find the Candee’s computer and see what I could discover about my family. Now that there was enough light to see, I quickly found the room the Candee’s used as an office and saw the computer tucked under the desk. A large monitor sat on top of the desk. I pressed the power button and the computer hummed to life. 
A minute later it was fully booted up. I spotted the icon for the web browser and immediately clicked on it, bringing up the Candee’s home page. When I Googled my father’s name, a listing for a white pages directory came up. Clicking on the link, I typed in my dad’s name again and an address appeared. However, it was the address where I had been the day before.
Apparently they had moved so recently that the white pages didn’t have their new address. While I stared at the computer screen, a box popped up in the corner saying that a new email had arrived for Mr. Candee. That gave me an idea.
First I went to gmail.com and created a new email address. Then I sent an email to my mother, pretending to be one of her cousins. I wrote: Dear Roxanne, I heard that you moved. I’m updating my address book and wanted to know your new address. Also, what is your phone number? Take care, Janice.
Now I just had to wait until Mom replied to the email. I knew she didn’t spend very much time on the computer, but I hoped she would check soon. Just sending that email made me feel closer to my family and fresh hope surged through me.
Next, I went back into the kitchen. Tiger followed me and rubbed against my legs, then walked over to his bowl and began eating his food. After a moment he dashed out a cat door centered in a regular door. I assumed it led out to the garage but wanted to make sure. I opened the door and peeked out. Sure enough, it was the Candee’s garage. 
I closed and locked the door, then opened the refrigerator. Just a few condiments, some milk and half a carton of eggs. I guessed the Candee’s didn’t want to leave a fridge full of food when they were on vacation. The eggs seemed to call to me. Did I dare cook breakfast? My growling stomach made the decision easy. After digging through the cabinets, I had a small frying pan and spatula in hand. In my hunt I had also found a loaf of bread and some honey.
I dropped two slices of bread in the toaster, then heated up the pan and cracked three eggs into the hot pan. I didn’t know if I could really eat that much, but I also didn’t know when I would next have the chance to eat a big meal.
A short time later I had my meal spread out in front of me on the table. Just as I lifted the first bite of egg to my mouth, the doorbell rang. I dropped my fork and felt my heart skip a beat, then it went into a gallop.
“Oh no. Oh no. Oh no,” I muttered, frozen in place. I waited in silence, hoping the person would leave.
KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK.
Chapter Eight

The loud banging seemed to vibrate through my body. But maybe it was just my body shaking in terror at being caught in a stranger’s house. After all, I could be arrested for breaking and entering. I’d read those stories about people breaking into someone’s house when the family was on vacation and then helping themselves to their food. I’d always thought that was really weird. But now, that was me.
I forced myself to stand and tiptoe down the hall toward the door. Leaning toward the peephole, I pressed my eye to the tiny opening, then jerked my head back. It seemed the person on the other side of the door was looking right at me.
I knew that was just an illusion and looked again. I could tell it was a man and he looked annoyed. Then he turned around and stepped off the porch, a packet of flyers in one hand. I scurried to the front blinds, barely lifting a slat, and peered out. The man walked to the next house and knocked on their door.
A salesman, I thought relieved. Just a salesman.
Dropping the slat back into place, I took a deep breath, then released it, trying to slow the adrenalin still flowing through my body.
I went back to the dining room and began eating, chewing my food without tasting it. I knew I couldn’t stay here any longer; it was too risky. I finished eating, then cleaned up the kitchen, making sure everything appeared as I had found it.
Leaning my back against the sink, I ran my fingers through my hair, trying to decide what to do next. My fingers caught in the tangles and I knew I needed to shower and put on some clean clothes. Between sleeping in the hut two nights before, hiking through the woods, and sleeping on the floor last night, I was dirty and smelly. If I didn’t want to scare people away, I needed to blend in, and that meant getting cleaned up.
I found a towel in a hallway closet and took it with me into the bathroom. After my shower I felt so much better, like I could face the world. Except now I needed clean clothes. In Rochelle’s room I dug through her closet and dresser, but couldn’t find any clothes that fit. Everything was too tight.
She must be skinnier than I remember, I thought. 
I pulled on a bathrobe and put my clothes, along with the towel I had used, into the washing machine. While I waited for the load to finish, I dragged the blankets out of the master bedroom closet and put them back on Rochelle’s bed. Since it had been dark when I’d pulled them off, I wasn’t exactly sure how they had been arranged, but I put them back as best I could and hoped she wouldn’t notice.
The washing machine beeped and I hurried over and threw everything in the dryer. Then I went back into the office and pulled up my new email account, pressing the refresh button every few minutes, waiting to hear back from Mom.
By the time the dryer finished and I’d gotten dressed, my patience had run out. Trying to keep busy while waiting for Mom’s reply, I visited some of my favorite web sites, including the one that had the phone I wanted. The site looked different than I remembered. Then I noticed the date in the bottom right corner of the monitor. It said it was September third. My brow creased. I knew that couldn’t be right. It was November, not September.
I shrugged, knowing some people weren’t good at fixing simple problems like the wrong date on their computer. Then I refreshed my email account again and saw an email from Mom and forgot all about the date. As I clicked on the email to open it, my heart thundered. It was then that I realized how terrified I had been that I would not get a reply at all; that my family would be lost to me forever.
My hand shook as I clicked on her email.
Hi Janice. It’s good to hear from you. As you can imagine things have been difficult lately, but we’re getting by. It’s particularly hard without Steven here. The kids are having an especially hard time. But you know how it is.
I hope things are well with you. My new address and phone number are below.
Take care, 
Roxanne
What did she mean that Dad wasn’t there? Where was he? WAS HE DEAD? I felt the blood drain from my face as I considered life without my father. Hot tears filled my eyes then slid down my cheeks as I pictured Dad’s face.
How could all of this have happened in two days? I knew something wasn’t right—that I was missing something important—and that the only way I would find out was to go home.
I dug through the Candee’s desk until I found a sheet of paper and a pencil. The tears made it difficult to focus, but I wrote down the address and phone number from the email. As I stared at the address it hit me that I had no idea how to get to the location. It wasn’t even in this town.
Grabbing a tissue from the box shoved in the corner of the desk, I wiped my eyes and blew my nose. I decided I shouldn’t jump to conclusions until I had more information. Maybe Dad was just on an extended business trip, although I had to admit he didn’t have the kind of job that usually required travel. But you never know, I thought, trying to convince myself that everything was okay.
I logged out of the email program and pulled up Google maps, then typed in the address Mom had put in her email. A map filled the screen. Using the zoom option, I zoomed out to see if I recognized the names of the surrounding streets, but nothing sounded familiar. Then I typed my old address in the From field and pressed Get Directions. A moment later the directions from my old house to my new house appeared. I scrolled to the bottom and my mouth fell open when I saw it would take four hours to get home. By car. I didn’t have a car. I didn’t even have a license. How was I supposed to get home? And I was desperate to get there. Right away.
Maybe I can take the bus, I thought. I found the website for long distance bus travel and typed in the starting and ending places. The bus would be leaving this afternoon. I smiled in relief. But then I saw the price and felt my heart sink. Seventy-five dollars. Where would I get the money? Those rotten boys had stolen my backpack, with all of my money. Not that I’d had seventy-five dollars. Despair rolled over me and I knew I had to find a way to get home. I lifted my head and found my gaze searching the room.
Normally I didn’t steal from people, but as they say, desperate times call for desperate measures. And I was desperate to get back to my family.
I searched every place in the office that I could think of then moved on to the master bedroom. Careful not to leave anything out of place, I only found fifty dollars. Not enough to buy a bus ticket. I didn’t know of any cheaper form of transportation. I put all but twenty dollars back. Just in case of an emergency. 
Then it came to me. Hitchhiking. I knew it wasn’t a great idea. I’d heard all the horror stories and knew there were a lot of creeps out there, but how else was I going to get home? I couldn’t walk all that way. 
Of course I could always just call Mom and have her come and get me, but I had a funny feeling that she didn’t even know I was missing. She hadn’t mentioned anything in the email about me being gone. Plus, how could I possibly explain to her what had happened and why I was up here in our old town?
I took one last look around the house to make sure everything was as I had found it, then went into the office and cleared out the temporary files in the browser to erase any evidence of my browsing. Then I shut off the computer.
As I was getting ready to leave I remembered the can of pepper spray I had noticed in the office during my search. Since I would be accepting rides from strangers, I decided it might come in handy. I went back into the office, pulled out the can of pepper spray, and put it in my coat pocket.
The cat had followed me from room to room and now waited patiently for me to give him one last scratch before I left. I obliged, then went to the front window and peeked out. I didn’t see anyone around, especially Mrs. Donaldson, so I decided now was as good a time as any to leave.
I left through the back door, then withdrew the key from its rocky hiding place, locked the back door and put the key back in its place. Trying to be as quiet as possible, I opened the gate on the side of the house and made my way through, then shut the gate with a click. 
It was early nearly noon and the warmth of the sun felt good as I walked away from the Candee’s house and toward the park. I had put on my jacket, the pepper spray in the pocket, and begun the walk toward town. I had decided the best place to hitch a ride would be at the on-ramp to the highway, just outside of town.
Within twenty minutes I made it to the main road and glanced at the bookstore where I had stopped the day before. It was hard to believe so little time had passed. Sighing, I continued on past the main road.
A short time later I found myself at the freeway on-ramp. Not very many cars seemed to be passing by, but I crossed the road and found a good spot to wait. Turning so that I would be facing the oncoming traffic, I watched for cars. A little while later a car came around the corner, heading in my direction. I stuck my thumb out and watched the woman in the car glance at me, then look away as she sped past. I dropped my arm to my side, still feeling optimistic. Another car approached and I got into my hitchhiker’s pose, but it just drove on by too.
This happened several more times and I felt myself getting discouraged. As a beat up old truck entered the on-ramp, I almost didn’t put out my thumb. My arm was getting tired and I knew the driver wouldn’t stop anyway, but I stuck my arm out and before I even got my thumb in position, the truck had pulled over. 
My heart raced with relief and trepidation. I hurried over to the truck but stopped at the passenger door, which had the window rolled down, and stared at the man behind the wheel. Long gray hair fell down his back in a pony tail, a beard in need of trimming framed his mouth, and through his smile I could see that a couple of his teeth were missing. 
“Get in, honey,” he called out to me.
I backed up a step or two.
His smile faded a bit. “Well, do you want a ride or not?”
Chapter Nine

I slid my hand into my jacket pocket and touched the bottle of pepper spray, reassuring myself that I had a form of self-defense. Then I opened the door, knowing this might be the only offer of a ride I would get. “Hi,” I said, scared to move forward but scared to let this ride go.
He nodded his head once. “Jump in. I need to get going.”
Not feeling like I had any other choice, I climbed in and closed the door. I reached for the seat belt, but there wasn’t one. 
“What’s your name, girlie?” he asked.
I stopped hunting for the seat belt and looked at him. “It’s Morgan.”
“I’m Wilfred, but everyone calls me Fred.” 
He held his hand out and I shook it. It was calloused and rough, but warm.
“It’s nice to meet you,” I said, remembering my manners despite my nervousness.
“You might want to roll up the window before we get on the freeway.”
There was no button to push and I had to crank the handle to move the glass upward.
Glancing over his shoulder, he pulled back onto the road and entered the freeway. “Where you headed?”
I hesitated, not wanting to tell this complete stranger exactly where I was going. “South.”
“Me, too.” He chuckled. “Guess you can tell me when to let you off then.”
I nodded. “Thanks for picking me up. I was beginning to wonder if anyone would stop.”
“Happy to help. But I was surprised to see a young girl like you hitchin’. Does your family know where you are?” He glanced my way before turning his gaze back to the road.
“Of course,” I lied, not about to tell him that I was completely on my own.
“And they don’t mind you hitchin’?” His voice held a tone of disbelief.
“I’d rather not talk about my family.” I hoped that would put an end to his questions.
“Fine, fine.”  He glanced my way again. “Kind of warm for a jacket.”
I couldn’t agree more. The cab was stuffy and though I wanted to shed the jacket, I was worried that that would make the pepper spray harder to get to. “I’m fine,” I lied, feeling a trickle of sweat forming on my forehead.
“Suit yourself.”
As I sat there roasting in my coat, I mentally battled with myself on whether or not to take if off. The longer I sat there with Fred basically ignoring me, the more I realized I was making myself suffer unnecessarily. Finally, I slid my jacket off and stuffed it in the space between me and the door, positioning it so that it wouldn’t be too difficult to grab the pepper spray if the need arose.
I glanced toward Fred, but he was focused on driving. We rode in silence for a while and I found myself getting drowsy. I didn’t want to fall asleep while in the car with Fred, but couldn’t help myself. 
When I woke up, for a moment I couldn’t remember where I was. This feeling of disorientation had been too frequent lately and I was anxious to get home—although I knew it would be an unfamiliar place.
“Oh, you’re awake,” Fred said.
“How long was I asleep?” I rubbed my face, trying to bring myself fully awake.
“I guess about two hours.”
Sitting up straighter, I looked out the window. There wasn’t much to see. Sagebrush and open grassland.
“How far south are you going?” I asked.
“All the way to Higbee.”
Pulling out the map I had printed off at the Candee’s house, I didn’t see the town of Higbee on my map. I wondered if it was beyond where I was headed.
“You might want to tell me where you need to get off in case you fall asleep again. I’d hate to drive right on past your destination.”
I knew he was right and figured since he hadn’t harmed me in the last two hours when I had been asleep, there was no need to fear him now. “I’m going to Timber Hills.”
“Well that’s perfect then, isn’t it? That’s right on the way to Higbee. We’ll be there in about . . .” he paused. “About two hours I guess.” He looked my way and smiled. “Of course we might have to make a pit stop. But we should be there late this afternoon.”
He reached into a paper bag that sat on the seat between us, keeping one hand on the steering wheel. 
“Are you hungry?” he asked, pulling out a box of chocolate Pop-Tarts.
My mouth watered as I imagined taking a bite of the treat. “Yes.”
He handed me a foil-wrapped packet. “Open this. You can have one and I can have one.”
I took the package from his hand and began ripping it open.
“Careful now,” he said. “We don’t want it to crumble.”
“Okay.” I glanced his way, wondering why he seemed so concerned about a Pop-Tart. Didn’t he have a full box in the bag? I slowly opened the foil, then pulled out one of the frosted Pop-Tarts and handed it to him before getting my own.
I broke off a piece and placed it in my mouth, ready to savor the chocolaty flavor. But when I bit down, the taste was not what I had expected. In fact there wasn’t much taste at all. Fred must have noticed my expression because he asked what was wrong.
I pretended to enjoy it. “Nothing. Thank you for sharing your food with me.”
He grinned in a sort of secret way. “I’ve been saving that for a long time. But I knew they wouldn’t last forever.” He looked in my direction. “I know they don’t taste as good as they used to, but they’re a lot better than that fat-free crap they sell now.” He chuckled, then faced the road.
“We usually buy the fat-full kind,” I said. 
“What d’ya say?” he asked, glancing at me.
“Well, we hardly ever buy the fat-free stuff. It always seems to leave an aftertaste.” When he looked at me again, I could see the disapproval in his eyes. He seemed skinny enough, so I didn’t know why he would give me that look. I almost asked him, but didn’t want to offend him and have him drop me off in the middle of nowhere.
“Where do you find it? Are you rich or something?” he asked.
What an odd question. “At the grocery store?” Why would he ask a question with such an obvious answer? “And no, we are definitely not rich.” I almost laughed at that part. Money had always been tight at my house. In fact, I knew that was really why Mom had said no when I’d asked for a new cell phone. She needed me to use my money on more practical things. It was selfish of me to even ask, I realized now. Well, I would have plenty of chance to apologize when I got home.
“The grocery store?” he asked, his tone making it clear he thought I was making it up. “What grocery store do you shop at?”
Irritated by his ridiculous questions, I had to stop myself from making a rude comment. “You know. Any grocery store.”
He shook his head and laughed. “Okay. Sure.”
It seemed like he was making fun of me and I didn’t like it. “Where do you shop that they only have fat-free food?”
He laughed as he said, “You know. Any grocery store.”
Now there was no question he was making fun of me, but I didn’t understand why. “Let’s stop at the next town we come to and go to a grocery store,” I said. “I’ll buy you a brand-new box of Pop-Tarts. And it won’t be fat-free.”
He laughed harder. “You’re on.”
Twenty minutes later we drove up to a grocery store and pulled in to a parking space.
“I could use a break,” Fred said as he climbed out of the car.
I followed him in to the store, knowing he was going to feel stupid when I bought the Pop-Tarts. The moment we entered, I could see that something wasn’t right. The displays were nothing like I was used to seeing. All kinds of diet foods were prominently displayed at the end of the aisles, the fresh produce section was much larger than I’d ever seen before, and a video played on a television touting how wonderful a box of sugar-free snacks were.
I stopped, staring at the unusual displays. 
“Well, missy, let’s go,” Fred said.
“What? Oh, okay.” Walking down the main aisle, looking for the snacks, I gawked at row after row of fat-free and sugar-free goods. Finally I came to the right place and strode to the shelf that held the Pop-Tarts. Frantically, my gaze scanned the shelves, looking for the normal chocolate Pop-Tarts, but all I saw were the sugar and fat-free variety.
What is going on? 
“Well?” Fred asked, obviously pleased with himself.
“Uh,” I stammered, my heart beginning to pound at the surprise of not finding what I had expected, what had always been normal, but was clearly not the norm here. “I don’t understand.” I turned toward Fred.
He laughed. “I don’t understand you. What did you think you’d see here?”
“I, uh, I don’t know.” More than anything I wanted to get home to my family. “You win. Can we go now?”
“Yeah, sure.”
Following Fred back out to his truck, I silently climbed in. He pulled away from the store and re-entered the freeway. 
After ten minutes of silence, Fred said, “Morgan.”
I turned to look at him. “Yes?”
 “You’re kind of an odd gal, ain’t ya?”
I’d never considered myself odd before and wondered what he meant. “Why do you say that?”
Fred glanced at me before looking back at the freeway. “It’s almost like you’ve never heard of F.A.T.”
“Fat? Of course I’ve heard of fat. I just don’t get why everyone around here is so obsessed with it.”
Fred looked at me again, incredulity clear on his face. “Do you have any idea how many lives that organization has ruined?”
“Organization? What organization?”
“F.A.T. F - A - T.” He pronounced each letter. “You know, Federally Assisted Thinning.”
I shook my head, more confused than ever. “What?”
“Have you been living under a rock? How could you not know about F.A.T.?”
Feeling stupid and like I was missing something very important, I sighed. “I just don’t, okay? What is it anyway?”
“Only the most massive theft of our freedom as Americans.”
I didn’t want to talk about politics, I just wanted to know what was going on. After the crazy things that had happened to me in the last two days, I was more desperate than ever to figure out what had happened to my family. Why and how had they left our house so suddenly? Why did Mom say Dad was gone? Could it have something to do with this F.A.T. organization that Fred had mentioned? “What do you mean?” I asked.
“Sure, too many Americans are overweight and yes, I agree that it is costing our country billions, but where I have a problem is with the government forcing people to lose weight.” He glanced at me again. “That’s just not right.”
I had no idea what he was talking about. “I still don’t understand.”
“You’re not too bright, are ya?”
Offended in the extreme, I said, “Or maybe you’re full of crap.”
He stared at me for a moment, then burst out laughing as his attention returned to the road. “Okay, maybe I’m wrong about you.”
I grinned smugly, proud I had figured out he was making it all up.
“But that don’t change the facts, missy,” he said, all traces of humor gone.
Irritated now, I looked his way, ready to glare at him, but saw him pointing out the window. My gaze followed the direction of his finger and I gasped.
Chapter Ten

A large sign came into view and my eyes widened as I read it.
F.A.T. CENTER
NEXT EXIT
My head swiveled as we passed the sign, my gaze glued to the words. When it was out of sight, my head spun in Fred’s direction, my mouth handing open in disbelief.
He just nodded, not looking happy to be proved right. “And there it is,” he said, looking to my right.
My head twisted toward my window and I saw a cluster of low buildings surrounding one very large building. On the south side of the structures I saw row after row of produce with people bent over working in the fields.
“What are they doing?” I watched until the people were specks in the distance.
“They grow a lot of their own food there. Everyone is expected to help.” He paused, then murmured, “It’s hard work.”
“Have you been there?” I stared at his face, his white whiskers catching the sunlight coming in through the windshield.
He looked at me for a moment before facing the road again. “Believe it or not, I used to be quite heavy.”
I did find it hard to believe. He was so thin now, probably underweight.
“That’s a nice way of putting it,” he continued. “No matter. I eventually found myself at a F.A.T. center and little by little all that extra weight came off.”
He stopped talking and seemed to be deep in some memory. Though I didn’t want to interrupt his thoughts, I needed to know more. “How long ago was this?”
“Oh, ‘bout ten years, I reckon.”
His answer surprised me. If these F.A.T. centers had been around that long, why hadn’t I ever heard of them? “And you’ve kept the weight off all these years? That’s impressive.”
He laughed, but there was no humor in the sound. “Don’t have much choice, do I?”
“What do you mean? Why not?”
“I can’t afford to be sent there again. I don’t have anything left. It’s true that I might be healthier.” He gave me a sidelong glance. “And I emphasize might. But I lost everything else in the meantime.”
A sense of melancholy came over him and he was silent for several minutes. I didn’t say anything, lost in my own thoughts. When he started speaking again, it startled me.
“My wife turned me in.”
My gaze went back to him as he focused on the road. 
“She’d been on me to lose weight for years,” he continued. “I guess she finally gave up on me. Right before they came for me, she handed me divorce papers. I guess she figured she didn’t want to get dragged down with me.”
“Came for you? Why did you go if you didn’t want to?
His laugh came out as a short bark. “You make it sound like I had a choice.”
My eyebrows drew together. “Didn’t you?”
He glanced at me. “No one ever has a choice.”
“So if someone turns you in for being overweight, you get dragged off to one of those F.A.T. centers?”
“Used to be that way.”
“Oh,” I said, an odd feeling of relief that things had changed.
“Now though, everyone is monitored on their bathroom scale. No need to turn anyone in. The government knows right away if you need to be brought in.”
I nodded, disturbed by this information. I’d never been monitored on my bathroom scale, at least that I was aware of. 
“Hey,” Fred said. “Why don’t you know this already? You been livin’ off the grid or somethin’? That why you hitchin’?”
Confusion swept over me at his question. Why didn’t I know about this? And why was my family gone? I couldn’t come up with an explanation. Something very strange was going on and I had no idea what it was.
As crazy as it would sound, and despite the fact that Mrs. Donaldson had thought I had been telling a wild story, I decided to tell Fred what had been happening to me ever since I’d run away. He seemed like a nice man. Maybe he could help me figure it out. “This is going to sound crazy,” I started, glancing at Fred, then staring out the windshield. “I’ve been living my life like everyone else, but I’ve never heard of F.A.T. before you told me about it.”
“That don’t make no sense,” he said, scowling.
“Well, that’s not all.” I hesitated, not sure how to explain what I’d gone through.
“What else, missy? You got some sorta secret you’re hidin’?”
“Well, no. But I don’t understand some other things that have happened.” I paused, looking in his direction. “And I’m afraid you won’t believe me.”
“If you don’t tell me, then how will I have the chance to decide?”
“Decide what?”
“Whether you’re pullin’ my leg or not.” He looked at me, a stern expression on his face.
Tears sprang to my eyes and I looked away.
“Okay, missy. What’s goin’ on?”
I met his gaze, then he looked back at the road. “I swear, Fred. This is the truth.”
He nodded.
Then I told him how I’d run away and found the hut, then had to leave through the tunnel. How my family had moved, but the woman said they’d been gone several weeks, even though I had been there just the night before. 
“Well, first off, you shouldn’t of run away.”
“I know that now,” I said. “But that doesn’t help me.”
“I’m not surprised about your family movin’ though. That happens all the time.” He looked at me for a moment. “Is anyone in your family overweight?”
I thought about my parents and how they’d both always been a little heavy, but it had never been an issue. “I guess my dad might be.”
“A lot of families have to sell their house when they’re taken to a F.A.T. center.”
“Why?”
“How else are they gonna pay for it?”
“You mean they’re forced to go there, but they’re also forced to pay for it?”
“Yep.”
As I considered those ideas, I was quiet. Then, “Are you saying you think my dad was taken to a F.A.T. center and they had to sell the house to pay for it?”
“That’s how it usually works.”
“But it doesn’t make sense that it could all happen so fast. And that woman said she’d lived in my house for weeks.”
He was quiet for a minute, then said, “I’ve always been a fan of science fiction.” He paused. “It sounds to me like you came from some parallel universe or somethin’.”
I laughed. “What does that even mean?”
He didn’t laugh. “Some people believe that there are alternate realities, very similar to this one, but with some differences.”
“And how would I have gotten here? I didn’t travel on a spaceship or anything. I’ve only walked.”
“Tell me more about that place where you had to walk in the tunnel.”
I thought about the hut and how the tree had fallen on the door, forcing me to find another way out and how I’d climbed down into the cellar and then found the long, long hallway. “Well, it was just a building. Nothing special or unusual about it.”
“But it was after you’d gone through that tunnel that everything changed, right?”
“Well, yeah. But I don’t remember traveling through the universe or anything.”
He chuckled. “Those that believe say you can’t always tell when you’ve gone through one of them wormholes or whatever they’re called.”
“Oh. So how would you know if you did?”
“How should I know? I didn’t say I believed in it. Just that some people do.”
I didn’t respond. I wasn’t sure if I believed what he’d suggested, although it did pretty much explain everything. But I found it hard to believe that I wouldn’t have felt something or seen something if I had traveled to a different universe. I shook my head. The idea was too crazy for me. There had to be another explanation. “How much longer until we get to Timber Hills?”
“Oh, about an hour, I’d say.”
“Good.” I was ready to get back to my family. They would be able to explain what had happened.
Sixty minutes later we entered the city limits of the town where my parents now lived. It was late afternoon and the sun still shone.
“Do you want me to take you to your house?” Fred asked.
“Uh, well, I don’t know exactly where it is.”
“We can find out and I’ll drop you off. How’s that?”
I smiled at the stranger who had been so kind. “Okay. Maybe I’ll have you drop me off a little ways from the house though. I don’t know what Mom would say if she saw me getting out of your truck.”
“Sure, okay.”
We followed the directions I’d gotten from Google Maps. A short time later we turned onto a street that was supposed to be near mine. Fred stopped at the corner. 
“How’s this?” he asked.
“This will work.” I reached for the door handle. “Thanks for the ride. I really appreciate it.”
“Hold on a second.” He reached across me into the glove box, pulled out a scrap of paper and a pen, and wrote something on it. “Here’s my phone number. If you can’t find your family, give me a call.”
I took the paper from him and shoved it in my pocket. “Thanks, Fred.”
“Good luck with everything, Morgan. I hope you figure it all out.”
I smiled. “Me, too.”
He nodded and I climbed out, taking my jacket with me, and shut the door. I watched as he drove off, feeling like my only friend had just left.
Chapter Eleven

The neighborhood looked nothing like I had imagined. With the name “Timber Hills”, I’d pictured rolling hills and lots of trees. But this place was mostly concrete with a few sad-looking trees at houses where people evidently had hoped to help the place live up to its name.
I visualized the house I’d run away from, the one where I’d expected to find my family, the one I so recently hadn’t wanted to move to and knew I’d give anything to be back there with my family again.
Feeling discouraged by the gloomy looking neighborhood, I trudged forward. As I consulted my Google maps printout, I thought about what Fred had said about me being from another universe. 
Is that even possible? And if it is, how does it work? The idea astounded me and I pushed it aside, not wanting to consider the ramifications when I was so close to finding my family. 
Instead, I studied the houses as I walked. All of them were smaller than the one up north. For the most part the yards were unkempt, although there were a few that looked like they were taken care of. Graffiti covered most of the fences, and music blared from a house where a car was up on blocks.
When I saw a group of young men loitering at one house, I stared straight ahead, grateful they were on the other side of the street, and hoped they wouldn’t pay attention to me. As I passed, I heard sudden laughter and wondered if they were talking about me. Ignoring them, I hurried past and when I reached the end of the street I turned left onto what was supposedly my street.
Disappointed to see that the houses here looked even worse than the ones on the street I had just come down, I pressed forward, looking for my address. No one seemed to be around on this street and I was able to walk without incident. Finally my house came into sight and my heart pounded. I wasn’t surprised to see that my house was one with a tidy yard; Mom had always taken pride in the appearance of our house.
There were no cars in the driveway and I wondered if anyone was home. Cautiously, I approached the front door. Even though this was the address Mom had written in the email, I had never been here before and didn’t want to barge into a stranger’s house by mistake. I took hold of the doorknob and turned, but it was locked. I stepped off the porch and walked toward the back gate.
As I approached the gate I heard barking and immediately recognized Goldie’s bark. Relief flooded me when I knew I had actually found my family and hot tears pushed their way into my eyes. I yanked on the string for the gate latch and when I heard it give, I shoved it open. Goldie rushed out, her tail wagging. Squatting down, I wrapped my arms around her neck and pressed my face into her soft fur. Quiet sobs escaped my mouth and I held on to our dog as I worked to gain control of my emotions.
After a few moments my tears slowed, then stopped and I released Goldie. As I stood, she pranced around me and I smiled, the familiarity of her behavior filling me with warmth. I closed and latched the gate behind me and walked around the side of the house, with Goldie following me, until I reached the back door. I pulled on the door handle, but this door was locked too. I wondered when they’d be back and then wondered if I could find another way inside. On my way through the backyard I had noticed a door that most likely led to the attached garage. I walked back to it and was pleasantly surprised when it was unlocked. I entered the single car garage and closed my eyes for a moment, trying to adjust to the dark interior. Goldie had trailed me and she ran right to the door that led into the house.
Following her this time, I reached the door in only a few steps and hoped my luck would hold out. The door opened under my hand and I smiled, glad to be able to get in. But then I thought about the neighborhood and worried that someone had been careless about locking the house. Anyone could have walked in; in fact a stranger could be in the house right now. Sudden fear pulsed through me, but I forced myself to walk through the door.
I found myself in the kitchen and was surprised to see the breakfast dishes still in the sink. Mom had always been a stickler for making sure the kitchen was clean before we left the house in the morning. For some reason I found the mess disturbing. Almost without thinking I set my jacket on the table, then went to the sink and began rinsing the dishes, then looked around for the dishwasher so I could load them. But there wasn’t one.
No wonder they hadn’t cleaned up. The dishes had to be done by hand.
I set the dish I was holding back into the sink and went to the refrigerator, stepping around Goldie as she sniffed the floor. Pulling open the door, I perused the items inside but was disappointed to find very little food there. My stomach rumbled and I remembered I hadn’t eaten anything since the stale Pop-Tart in Fred’s truck.
I closed the refrigerator and began opening cabinets, looking for anything to eat. After several tries I found the cabinet that held most of the food and dug around until I came across a familiar brand of crackers. I pulled out a handful of the round snacks, my mouth watering in anticipation, then placed the first one in my mouth. The taste was not what I had expected and I frowned in disappointment. I had eaten this brand of cracker before, but it tasted nothing like I remembered. There were unusual seasonings in the flavor. I looked at the box more closely and saw that it was a fat-free and sodium-free variety.
Continuing to eat despite the strange flavor, I found a glass and filled it with tap water, then gulped it down. By the time I began to feel full, I had eaten a quarter of the box and had three full glasses of water. I closed the box and placed it back in the cupboard, then grabbed my jacket, found the stairs, and began climbing, anxious to find my bedroom.
At the top of the stairs I paused, listening to see if anyone was actually home. The only sound was Goldie panting next to me. I reached down and patted her back, her presence a comfort to me, then I walked down the short hall, glancing in each of the four doors. There were three bedrooms and one bathroom.
I went into each bedroom in turn. My parents’ bedroom didn’t have its own bathroom like the other house had, and there was only enough room for a full bed and a small dresser. One of the other bedrooms obviously belonged to my younger brothers; the dirty clothes stuffed in corners and the toys scattered around the floor made that clear. The last bedroom held bunk beds shoved against one wall, along with one dresser and a small desk along the other walls. This had to be my room, shared with my thirteen-year-old sister, Amy. As I realized I had lost my own room, my heart sank. It had taken a long time to convince Dad I deserved my own room and now I had lost it.
I could tell that the top bunk belonged to Amy—there had been no attempt to make it—but the bottom bunk was mostly made and I assumed it was mine. I draped my jacket over the back of the desk chair, then sat on the edge of the bed. After a moment I stretched out on top of the comforter, staring at the bottom of Amy’s bunk, questions racing through my mind. 
How had my family moved here and gotten settled in so quickly? Why had they moved in the first place? Why did it look like I had slept here already when I knew for a fact I had never stepped foot in this house before? 
At the last question, I sat up, my thoughts tumbling around in my head. How was it possible that it appeared I’d been living here when I knew I had never been here before? I jumped up and went to the desk, yanking open drawers. I found several homework assignments with my name on them, assignments that had been graded, assignments I had no memory of doing. How was that possible?
Then I thought again about Fred’s comment that maybe I had come from a parallel universe. The idea terrified me, but what else could explain all the strange things that had happened to me since I’d run away from home and spent the night in that little hut? 
I didn’t really know anything about this parallel universe theory, but suddenly I was desperate to know everything about it. Hurrying down the stairs, I found a computer monitor in the living room with the computer tower next to it. I sat in front of it but couldn’t see where the power button was. Dad had always been interested in technology and liked to get the latest models and I wondered if this was a recent purchase—before he was taken by the F.A.T. people, of course. I knew I hadn’t seen it before. 
I leaned toward it, trying to see where it turned on, when a light briefly shined in my eyes. Startled, I jumped back, then heard the sound of a quiet fan as the computer turned on.
How did that turn on? I hadn’t even touched it.
I leaned toward the computer tower again and noticed a small device plugged in to the side. I picked it up and examined it. 
I think this is an eye scanner, I thought, amazed that my family would have something like that. Did it recognize me?
I set it down and turned toward the monitor, which now showed the desktop. Pulling up the browser, I did a search on parallel universes. Multiple sites appeared in the search engine and I spent a while pulling them up and reading the information. The main thing I learned was that many people believed in parallel universes, but I still found it hard to accept that that was what had happened to me. If I had traveled to another dimension, wouldn’t I have noticed something? But I had no memory of anything unusual happening. That is, besides my family disappearing and learning about the F.A.T. centers. But nothing like wandering to another universe.
I heard the sound of the front door being unlocked and I froze, suddenly terrified to see my family. What if it wasn’t my family? What if it was a group of strangers who lived here with Goldie? My heart pounded as I closed the browser and dashed up the stairs to what I hoped was my bedroom.
Chapter Twelve

I ran into the bedroom that I had assumed was mine and slid open the closet door. There wasn’t much space, but I shoved aside some of the clothes hanging from the rod and stepped behind them, then moved them back into place. My heart hammering, I reached forward and closed the closet door.
Muffled voices floated up the stairs and I strained to listen, trying to verify they were the voices of my family.
“Nooo,” a young voice whined. “It’s mine.”
I thought that sounded like my eight-year-old brother Brandon.
“Give the car back to your brother,” a woman’s voice demanded.
I smiled as I recognized my mother’s voice. I slid the closet door open and stepped out, then jumped when I heard a loud scream. Trying not to laugh at the look of terror on my sister’s face, I calmly walked out of the closet and slid it closed behind me.
“Morgan! What are you doing?” Amy said, obviously embarrassed to be startled.
“I was just looking for a shirt.”
“How could you see with the door closed?” she asked, squinting with disbelief.
Thinking quickly I said, “Flashlight.”
“Oh.”
I was so happy to see her that I almost gave her a hug, but I stopped myself in time. A sign of affection like that would certainly raise her suspicions that something was out of the ordinary. But I couldn’t stop the big smile from spreading across my face.
“Is that a new shirt?” she asked.
I glanced down at the shirt I was wearing, then looked at her strangely. “This is the one you gave me for Christmas. Don’t you remember?”
Amy laughed. “No, I didn’t. I gave you earrings.”
My heart pounded as I touched my earlobes. I had never had my ears pierced. I had been too scared that it would hurt.
“Why aren’t you wearing any earrings, Morgan?”
“Uh, I just don’t want to.”
A puzzled look on her face, Amy walked close to me and stared at my ears. “But you always wear earrings.”
I quickly moved my hair so that my ears were covered. “Well maybe I don’t want to now. I certainly don’t need to get permission from a stupid thirteen-year-old.”
Looking hurt, Amy pouted as tears filled her eyes. “You don’t have to be rude.”
I frowned. She usually answered my mean remarks with something equally scathing. What was wrong with her? Or was it me that had something wrong? Oh well, I thought. She’ll get over it.
I watched as she sat on the bottom bunk.
Then it occurred to me that she might be able to tell me something about Dad. “So, Amy.”
“What?” Her arms were crossed and her bottom lip poked out in a full sulk.
“Where’s Dad?”
“You’re just making fun of me.” She turned her head away, clearly feeling insulted for a reason known only to her.
Her reaction just made me all the more curious. She didn’t seem upset by the mention of Dad, so that was a good sign. “Why do you think I’m making fun of you?”
Refusing to look at me, she spoke to the wall. “You know where Daddy is. Why are you asking a question that you already know the answer to? Are you trying to make me look stupid?”
I had no clue where my Dad was but I didn’t know how to explain that to her without making her think I’d gone completely crazy. “No, Amy. I know you’re not stupid.” I paused, swallowing my pride. “I’m sorry I said that earlier. That wasn’t nice of me.”
She turned to face me, the pout beginning to fade. 
Pretending I knew where Dad was, I asked, “So, when do you think he’ll be home?”
“I don’t know,” she said. “You know how those places are. You can’t come home until you weigh the right amount.”
I felt the blood drain from my face as I realized what Fred had told me was true. People really were taken to the F.A.T. centers and forced to lose weight.
“Morgan, are you okay?” Amy’s eyebrows were drawn together, a look of concern on her face.
“Yeah, sure,” I muttered as I walked over and sat next to her on what I assumed was my bed. I could feel her staring at me, but I ignored her, trying to come to grips with the fact that I was in some other universe and wondering how I could get back home. Closing my eyes in amazement that such a thing was even possible, I swallowed hard to force down the nausea that tried to push its way up my throat.
“Morgan, what’s wrong?” Amy asked, gently pushing my arm.
I opened my eyes and looked at her. “How long has Dad been gone? I can’t remember.” I tried to pretend I wasn’t shaken by the fact that he was gone. 
“I guess it’s been about seven weeks.”
“Seven weeks?” I couldn’t hide the shock. Then I tried to cover myself. “I mean, wow. That’s gone by fast.”
“Yeah,” Amy said. “I guess it has.”
“Amy, who are you talking to?” Mom said, appearing in the doorway. “Oh, Morgan. There you are.”
Overjoyed to see her, I jumped up and threw my arms around her. As tears of relief filled my eyes, I blinked rapidly, hoping they would go away. After a moment I let go of her and she smiled warmly, but then a stern look came over her. 
“Rochelle Candee’s mother called a while ago and said they couldn’t find you. She told me you’d been upset about something and gone off by yourself in the forest by their cabin.”
I’d been at their cabin? I didn’t know anything about it, but I played along. “I’m sorry I worried you guys.” 
“Why did you run off?”
I had no idea, but found it surprising that the Morgan in this world—when that phrase came to mind I almost screamed at the insanity of the idea—had gone off into a forest just like I had. I shrugged in answer to Mom’s question.
She frowned. “You’re still upset about moving here, aren’t you?”
I nodded. That seemed like a good a reason as any.
She sighed. “Well, we’ve talked about this and you know I didn’t have a choice. You know I’m not happy about it either.” She paused. “So they found you and brought you home then?”
“Not exactly.”
She tilted her head in a way I was familiar with. “What?”
“I got a ride from a friend.”
“Without even telling the Candee’s you were leaving?”
“I’m really sorry.”
“What were you thinking? They’re probably frantically looking for you right now.” She sighed again. “I’m going to call Rochelle’s mother and let her know you’re home.” She turned to leave, then turned back. “I’m glad you’re okay, but I’m not happy about how thoughtless you were.” She shook her head. “At least make sure you have everything ready for the first day of school tomorrow.”
I wasn’t sure what she meant. The school year had begun two months before, in September. Fortunately I caught myself before I blurted that out. Instead I said as casually as I could, “Yeah, I’m excited to begin my sophomore year.”
She nodded, so I knew I had guessed right, but I wondered if school started in November here or if this was actually September. 
“I know it will be hard starting at a new school, but I know you’ll do great.” She wore the smile of encouragement I knew so well. “I just wish you’d been able to make some friends over the summer.”
What had I been doing all summer? Did I not know anyone? What a loser.
“I’m sure you’ll make friends soon enough.”
I nodded, then realized that it was actually a positive that I would be starting at the beginning of the school year at a school where no one knew me. At least I wouldn’t be expected to know anyone, which would make it easier to hide the fact that I wasn’t exactly from around here. This universe, that is. I had to bite the inside of my cheek to keep the hysterical laughter that was building inside me from coming out.
“Well, I’m going to call Rochelle’s mother, then I’ll get dinner started. You’re on dish duty tonight, Morgan.” 
“Okay.” Then I remembered that there was no dishwasher in this house. Great. 
Mom looked at Amy. “And you’re on dinner duty. Please come downstairs and get things started.”
I watched as Amy followed Mom out of the room and I sighed. Though elated to be with my family again, I needed a little time to myself to process what had happened. 
What had happened anyway? How did I get here and how could I possibly have traveled to another universe? I methodically went over everything that had happened since I’d left home.
“Wait a minute,” I whispered, an idea occurring to me. Maybe it was that hut that led me here. That long underground tunnel or something. Maybe if I went back to that hut I could get back home. But how would I get there? It was a four hour drive away. Not only that, I wasn’t at all sure I could find the hut once I’d gotten to my old house.
Then another thought occurred to me. What if I found the hut and nothing happened? What if this was a one-way thing and now I was stuck here? How would I survive in this world where I didn’t know the rules and everything was so strange? In the short time I’d been here I’d already grown to dislike the way everyone was so obsessed with their weight. 
In the world I’d come from people had been concerned about being healthy, but it was nothing compared to here. In this world they made you go to F.A.T. centers and lose weight. What was that all about, anyway? Was it against the law to be overweight?
The thought of staying here for the rest of my life made my heart race in panic. I had to get home. But how?
And what about the other Morgan? Was she in my world? Did she wander into a forest and get switched with me? How unfair was that? Here I was in this terrible world and she was happily in my world—at least I assumed she was happy. She was probably as confused as I was. That didn’t matter. All that mattered was that I find a way to get home.
And then on top of everything else, I was expected to restart my sophomore year? That really sucked. I looked around the room, trying to find a calendar and saw one pinned to the wall above the desk. I walked over to it and saw that the current month was indeed September. Then I remembered that the computer at the Candee’s had said today was September third. It was the same year as it had been in my other life, but just two months earlier. 
I wondered what the significance of that was. Would the date have anything to do with me getting back home? Did I need to go to the hut on the same date I had been there before? On November tenth?
A new feeling of hope surged through me that maybe there was some logic to how this had happened and I began to formulate a plan. I would wait until November eighth, then I would make my way back to the forest by my old house and find my way back to the tunnel that led to the hut.
All I had to do was survive for two months.
Chapter Thirteen

“Morgan, dinner’s ready,” Amy called up the stairs.
My stomach growled and I realized I was starving. As I went down the stairs I tried to place the smell coming from the kitchen. When I entered the kitchen I saw Mom moving pieces of cooked meat onto a plate. “What is that?” I asked as I headed to the table, eager to satisfy my appetite.
“Liver,” Mom said.
I had begun pulling out a chair, but froze, not sure if I’d heard her right. It had sounded like she’d said liver, but she had said it like she would have said steak, or hamburgers, like it was a normal thing for us to eat. “What?” I asked, hoping I had misunderstood.
“Liver,” she repeated, a smile on her face.
Fortunately she didn’t notice me trying to withhold a gag. I sat in my chair and looked at the other items on the table, hoping I could fill up on the rolls and salad.
A few moments later we were all sitting at the table and Mom began passing the food around. When the liver came to me I passed it straight to Amy. 
“Morgan, what’s wrong? Why aren’t you taking any? You always eat my liver.”
I like this stuff? I thought, trying to come up with an excuse for not eating it now. “Uh, we, that is, the Candee’s, just had liver last night.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. But you’d better have some anyway or you’ll be hungry later.”
“I thought I could just eat some extra rolls.”
“Oh, Morgan. You know you only get one roll,” Mom said, frowning.
“I do? How come?” 
Her face reddened. “Maybe the Candee’s can afford to let their children have more than one roll each, but we, well, we just can’t.” 
I didn’t know why she was getting so upset all of a sudden, but I grabbed the plate of liver back from Amy and jabbed my fork into a small piece before dropping it on my plate. Then I noticed that Amy and my brothers were staring at me. “What?” I asked, annoyed at their accusing eyes.
“You know we’re poor now,” Brandon said in a tone of voice that showed his disdain for needing to explain the obvious.
Amy reached over and lightly punched his arm. “Brandon!”
“Ow! Stop that,” he said. “It’s not my fault that we’re poor.”
“That’s enough,” Mom said sharply. “Yes, money is a little tight right now, but we have what we need.”
What had I started by asking about extra rolls? And why was money so tight? Was it because Dad had been taken away? Thinking about Dad and where he was and all the problems my family seemed to be having took away my appetite. But even though I wasn’t hungry anymore and the thought of eating liver made me want to gag, I cut a bite-sized piece off and placed it in my mouth. How could I not eat when food appeared to be so scarce? Slowly chewing, I wondered what I could do to help my family.
This liver isn’t too bad, I thought as I swallowed and then cut another piece. I managed to eat most of my serving of liver, but eventually I couldn’t force down another bite. Not because I was full. In fact I was still pretty hungry. But because after the first few bites, the texture and flavor made me want to vomit and I couldn’t force myself to eat any more. Focusing on my one roll and my small serving of salad, I managed to eat enough to keep me going for a while.
I thought that would have to do until morning, but then Mom announced she had something for dessert. Remembering the delicious desserts she’d always made, I pictured a lovely slice of chocolate cake or a warm slice of apple pie. So when she brought out bowls of sliced bananas and poured milk into them, my anticipation quickly turned to disappointment.
Hiding my displeasure at the lack of a sweet dessert, I took the bowl Mom handed me and ate all the bananas. No one seemed to notice anything out of the ordinary with me—at least no one said anything—so I finished my meal and carried my bowl over to the sink. When everyone was done I started on the dishes, happy to have the solitude so I didn’t have to pretend everything was normal. No one bothered me as I washed each dish by hand then dried them one by one. 
As I worked, my thoughts bounced between self-pity that I’d found myself in this predicament, and worry that I wouldn’t be able to get home. After I put the last clean dish away, I headed upstairs. I rested on my bed and thought about the world I lived in now. Everything was definitely different and I didn’t much like it, but it seemed I didn’t have a choice in the matter.
I pictured the hut and the long tunnel I’d passed through the day before. Straining my mind, I tried to think of any hint that I had passed from one universe to another. I remembered when I’d dropped the lantern and it had gone out and how I’d had to light matches for the rest of the way. Maybe I had changed universes during that time. After all, I’d been preoccupied with making sure I could see. I hadn’t really paid attention to anything but the space right in front of me. 
It was all too much for me to take in. Rolling over, I curled into a ball, wishing with all of my heart that I was just having a nightmare. I thought about the many times I’d had a bad dream and woken to realize it was all in my head and the utter relief I’d felt when I could think about the bad dream with detachment, because the horrible event in that dream hadn’t actually happened.
Now I knew the exact opposite feeling. This was all too real and I couldn’t escape it merely by waking up. This world was my new reality and I was scared. Dad was gone, taken away by strangers simply because they didn’t like the numbers on the scale. And that decision had forced my family to move to a new town and to barely have enough money to scrape by; at least that was what it sounded like according to Brandon.
What kind of place was this? What other rules were there? What was expected of me here? How was I going to survive for two months until I could attempt to get back home?
I must have fallen asleep, because the next thing I knew Amy was shaking me and telling me it was time to get up. At first I wondered why she was in my room, but then it all came back to me and a new worry took over as I remembered today was the first day at my new school.
Forcing myself to get out of bed, I made my way to the bathroom and showered, then dug through the closet trying to find a pair of jeans that fit. The Morgan in this world must have been thinner than me because most of her pants were a little too snug.  Luckily she had a couple of pairs that were bigger—maybe they were her fat pants—and those fit me.
 Once I finished doing my hair I headed downstairs. Mom was in the kitchen making breakfast for everyone (except Dad, of course, since he had vanished as far as I was concerned). 
“I made some oatmeal, Morgan,” Mom said. “Sit down and eat.”
“What time do I need to leave?” I asked as I glanced at the clock before sitting down. It was seven o’clock exactly.
“We’ll leave at seven thirty.” Mom set a bowl of a steaming brown mush in front of me.
Staring at the goop in my bowl, I grimaced. “I’m not really hungry.”
“Morgan,” Mom said, sighing. “What is it with you lately? It’s like you’ve never eaten my food before.”
“I’m just nervous for my first day.” Which was certainly true, although that wasn’t why I didn’t want to eat the contents of the bowl. 
“Try to eat a little at least,” she said, before being distracted by a beeping noise coming from her cell phone. She picked up the device and read something on the screen. “Not again,” she muttered, then looked at me. “Morgan, you didn’t weigh yourself again.”
“What?” I asked, frowning.
She held the device out for me to see and I read the words on the screen: No weight recorded for Morgan Campbell. 
At first I wondered why her phone would know I hadn’t weighed myself. Then I remembered what Fred had said about the government keeping track of your weight and how you were supposed to use your bathroom scale.
Mom set the device on the table. “You know you need to weigh yourself at least once a week. I don’t know why that’s so hard to remember.” She walked into the kitchen, then evidently noticed I hadn’t moved and turned toward me. “Go take care of it before you eat anything. You know your weight is lower if you haven’t eaten yet.”
I stared at her, this whole thing new to me, not sure what I was expected to do.
“Well go on,” Mom said. “And you should probably strip to your underwear. Every little thing can make a difference.”
Pushing back from the table, I trudged up the stairs and into the bathroom, taking notice for the first time of the unusual item in the corner. I had been too overwhelmed with everything else when I’d been in here before and it hadn’t caught my eye. Still, I wasn’t sure how “they” knew I hadn’t weighed myself. Was there a camera in here, watching me?
Suddenly extremely self-conscious, I looked around, trying to figure out where the camera could be hiding. I had showered earlier. Had someone been watching? The idea shook me to the core.
Forcing down the revolting idea that someone in some windowless room was watching me, even now, I approached the device in the corner. Obviously, it was a scale. The main difference from the scales I was used to was the metal rod attached to the scale, which rose vertically and ended at waist height. A strange device was attached to the rod and I leaned closer to see what it was. From the top I couldn’t see anything so I squatted. It looked like the thing next to the computer, which I had assumed was an eye scanner. I had heard of these before, but had never seen one. 
I blinked as I examined it.
“Morgan Campbell. No weight read,” a female voice calmly said.
I jumped back, startled by the voice that had come from the device.
“Please step on the scale,” the voice added.
“What the . . .?” Then I realized how Mom and apparently the whole world knew I hadn’t weighed myself. This thing, this device, must identify each person when they got on the scale and report the weight to the government. That’s how they knew if you’d gained too much weight. The knowledge that there was no camera watching me after all calmed me. By comparison, the idea that my weight was monitored almost didn’t seem so bad. 
Almost. 
I lifted my foot to step on the scale, then remembered Mom’s advice to take off my clothes first. Pulling off my shirt, I suddenly looked around, again feeling like I was being watched. The thought really creeped me out and I almost put my shirt back on. Shaking my head at the ridiculous idea, I stripped down to my underwear, then stepped on the scale.
“Unknown person,” the female voice informed me.
“It’s me, Morgan,” I said, as if she could hear me.
“Unknown person,” the voice repeated.
“Well, how did you know it was me before?” I asked, as if I would actually get a response.
“Unknown person.”
She was really starting to get on my nerves. When I had looked in the eye scanner, it had known it was me, I thought. “Oh,” I said to no one. “I get it. I have to look into the thingy while I’m on the scale.”
I squatted down again and peered into the device.
“Morgan Campbell,” the voice said. 
I thought she sounded friendlier this time, but I knew that was just my imagination.
“Incorrect height,” she said.
“Really,” I muttered as I stood. “Now what did I do wrong?”
“Unknown person,” the voice now said.
My frustration began to grow and I almost gave up, but I knew that was not an option. Then it finally occurred to me that I needed to pull the device up to my eye level rather than me squatting to its level. I put one hand on either side of it and pulled, but nothing happened. I yanked harder but it wouldn’t budge.
Then I leaned closer and looked on the sides and noticed a small button on each side. Using both hands to press both buttons at the same time, I pulled again. This time it slid smoothly upward. I continued pulling it up until it was in front of my face, then let go and it stayed there.
“Morgan Campbell,” the voice said. Then it stated my height and weight. “Recorded.”
“Finally,” I said, then stepped off the scale. As I dressed I tried not to focus on how weird this whole thing was. It was something I would have to get used to for as long as I lived in this world.
I went back down to the kitchen and sat in front of my bowl. The food that had look unappetizing before now looked disgusting. Jabbing my spoon into the brown lump, I dug around but couldn’t bring myself to eat it.
Glancing at Mom, I saw she was busy with my brothers, so I carried the bowl to the sink and, making sure Mom wasn’t looking, I tilted the bowl to dump it, but remembered there was no garbage disposal to dump it into. I’d have to put it in the trash. I managed to hide the gloop underneath some other trash, then rinsed the bowl and set it in the sink.
“Are you ready to go, Morgan?” Mom asked.
I jerked my head around to look at her, startled at almost being caught. “Uh, yeah. I just need to brush my teeth.”
“Okay. Well hurry. Today I’ll drop you off, but you’ll have to get yourself to school after that.”
“Oh,” I said, wondering how far the school was and wondering how I would get there. Did I have a bike or would I have to walk? “Will you be picking me up today?”
“Morgan, you know I have to work. Today they let me come in late, but I can’t leave early too.”
I wondered where Mom worked. In my other world she was a stay-at-home mom. I had no idea what marketable skills she possessed. 
I ran upstairs and brushed my teeth. As I came out, Amy was standing there holding a beat-up looking backpack. 
“Don’t forget this, Morgan,” she said, a warm smile on her face.
I wondered if it was a trick; I wasn’t used to Amy being nice to me. I took it from her.
“Let’s go, girls,” Mom shouted from downstairs.
I didn’t have time to see what was inside the backpack. Instead I just followed Amy down the stairs.
“Ready?” Mom asked, a smile on her face.
I nodded, although I didn’t feel ready at all. I wouldn’t know one single person at this new school and I was beginning to feel sick with nervousness. The fact that I hadn’t eaten any breakfast probably didn’t help. And what was I supposed to do for lunch?
“Did you pack a lunch?” Mom asked, apparently reading my mind.	
“Uh, no. What do you think I should bring?”
She glanced at her watch. “We don’t have much time. Just grab a power bar and an apple. Maybe a cheese stick. That will work, won’t it, honey?”
“Yeah, sure,” I said, knowing that was the answer she expected.
“Great. We’ll be in the car. Hurry now.”
I watched everyone walk out the door to the garage, then I went to the refrigerator and grabbed a small red apple and a tiny cheese stick. I dropped them in my backpack, then went to the pantry. I didn’t see any power bars, just the box of crackers I’d snacked on the day before. I picked it up and shook it, but knew I had eaten most of them the day before when I’d first arrived. I set the box back, remembering I still had the twenty dollars I’d stolen from the Candee’s house. Maybe I could buy something at school to supplement the apple and cheese stick.
Mom honked the horn and I raced out to the car. We pulled out of the garage and began driving. I tried to pay close attention to where we were going so that I’d be able to (hopefully) find my way home once school was done. As we turned down one street and up another, I became more and more worried that I would never find my way home.
Ten minutes later we pulled up in front of my school.
“Have a good day, sweetheart,” Mom said brightly from the comfort of her seat.
I stared at the kids streaming by, then opened the door and climbed out.
“Bye, Morgan,” Mom said.
I glanced at her and muttered good-bye, then shut the door and watched her pull away with Amy and my brothers in the back seat. For some reason known only to this universe, the first day of school was on a Thursday. The good news was that I only had to get through two days before the weekend arrived.
And, I reminded myself as I tried to avoid the stares of the other students, I’m only going to be in this world for a couple of months. In the meantime I can be whoever I want to be. Maybe if I pretend I have confidence my confidence will actually grow. I smiled at the thought as I walked toward the doors the rest of the student body was pushing through.
Chapter Fourteen

As I entered the building I tried to discover the location of the office. I had no idea what my schedule was, but hoped it wouldn’t be a big deal to get a copy of it. It didn’t take long to notice the long line of students snaking out of a doorway. I assumed that was the office. 
Students want to change their schedules in this world too, I thought, smiling to myself as I got in line.
As I waited in line I noticed several posters on the wall. They were very different from the posters at the school I was used to. One said: Which sports team will YOU join? And then in smaller print: Remember, all students are required to join at least one sports team.
That sucks, I thought. I’d never been athletic and didn’t particularly enjoy working up a sweat.
Fifteen minutes later I was at the front of the line. “I need a copy of my schedule,” I said to the woman behind the counter.
“What is your name?”
“Morgan Campbell.”
She typed something into her computer, then looked at me. “Have you decided which sport you’re going to do?”
“Uh, no.”
“You only have until tomorrow to decide, Morgan.”
I wondered what would happen if I didn’t choose a sport.
“You would probably prefer to make the choice yourself, otherwise we’ll put you where we have openings.”
That answered my question, although I still didn’t know which sport I would hate the least, or the sport where I would have any skill at all. “Okay.”
Then she grabbed my schedule off of a printer and handed it to me.
“Thanks,” I said, though I didn’t mean it. Suddenly I had an intense desire to be back at my real school, in the other universe. It was true I didn’t really know many people there, but at least I was used to the way things worked. Plus, in that world I lived in a house I was familiar with and where the food I ate was normal and most importantly my dad was home and not in some government-run fat farm.
Since there didn’t seem to be anything I could do about my situation right now, I forced down the utter despair I felt and instead focused on getting through the day. 
My next task was to find the classroom I was now late for. I almost asked a student where the room was, but chickened out and decided I’d act confident later.
When I finally found the room where I was supposed to be, I was afraid to open the door and interrupt the teacher. But when another student arrived and pulled the door open and walked in, I followed her, glad I wasn’t the only one running late. She walked up to the teacher and handed her a piece of paper, which I assumed was to excuse her for being tardy.
I felt my face redden as I realized I had no such pass. When the girl turned away from the teacher, the teacher turned to me and held out her hand.
“I’m sorry I’m late,” I whispered, mortified to be the center of attention. “I’m new here.”
The teacher sighed. “Okay. Go find a seat.”  
I smiled, thankful that I wasn’t in trouble. Then I turned to the room full of students and looked for a place to sit. There were two empty seats. One on the front row, and one in the middle of the room. As I walked toward the seat in the middle (I really didn’t want to be in the front), I felt everyone’s eyes on me.
Trying to ignore the feeling of being judged, I slid into my seat and unzipped the mystery backpack. Attempting to be unobtrusive, I dug around until I found a notebook and pencil. I set them on the desk and faced the teacher. 
“Now that everyone has arrived, we will begin by reciting our pledge. All arise.”
I stood with everyone else, and when they put their hands on their hearts I did the same. In my other world (that thought still boggled my mind), we had stopped saying the pledge in school, so I was surprised they did it here.
Maybe there are some good things about this place, I thought. Then I realized that they weren’t facing the flag, but just facing the front of the room.
As one, the students began to speak. 
“I pledge to always follow the rules and to take care of my body. I will strive to put the good of all above the desires of one. A healthy me is a healthy world.”
Stunned, I had to forcibly keep my mouth from hanging open. The students then sat and I did as well, my mind in a whirl. I stared at my blank notebook and tried to process the message of the pledge. On its face it didn’t seem so bad, but it was just so weird.
“You there,” the teacher said.
I looked up and saw she was pointing to me.
“What’s your name?”
“Morgan.” I felt the eyes of the other students on me.
“Why didn’t you recite the pledge?”
What was I supposed to say? That I’d never heard it before? That would cause all kinds of trouble. “Uh, I, I guess I’m not feeling very good today.”
“You know it’s required that you recite the pledge each day in class. If you’re feeling so poorly that you can’t manage to recite the pledge, I don’t want you in my class.”
Mortified to be called out like that in front of everyone, I felt the blood rush to my face. “I’m sorry,” I managed to say.
“Make sure it doesn’t happen again.”
I nodded and looked back at my notebook. Thankfully, the teacher ignored me after that.
As she lectured, I had a hard time paying attention. I was still having difficulty coming to grips with the idea that I had somehow arrived in this world, let alone the craziness of this society and the fact that body size was such an issue, so much so that teenagers were required to pledge that they would follow the rules. I didn’t even know what all the rules were, but they were so out of whack with what I considered normal, I wasn’t so sure I wanted to follow them anyway.
As my mind bounced back and forth between trying to accept my situation and plotting how to get home, I registered the fact that the teacher was droning on in the front of the classroom. I pretended to take notes so she wouldn’t yell at me again, but what was the point? I would be gone from this universe in a couple of months anyway. My grades wouldn’t matter. 
The bell rang, startling me. I quickly put my notebook into my backpack and left the classroom, hopeful I could find my next class before the late bell rang and before any other weirdness manifested itself.
Shoving past the other students, I hurried down the hall and managed to find the classroom and slide into my seat in time. The other kids seemed to be looking at me and I felt extremely self-conscious. I was certain they all knew each other and I must stand out like a food stain on an otherwise white shirt. And to make it worse, the food stain was probably from liver.
I smiled to myself at the joke, but quickly wiped the smile from my face, knowing it would probably make me look psycho. 
Expecting to have to recite the pledge again, I tried to remember the words, but the teacher began the class without making us do it. 
I guess we just recite the pledge in first period, I thought. That will give me time to memorize it before class tomorrow. 
Not bothering to take notes, I got through class unscathed. Finally it was time for lunch. Since I hadn’t eaten breakfast, I was famished. I watched the other students as I entered the cafeteria and noticed that there was something different about them. At first I couldn’t quite tell what it was but then it came to me. I was used to seeing people come in all shapes and sizes, but here they were all the same: skinny. It was strange and mildly disturbing.
I also noticed that the students’ lunches were either a tiny serving of salad with dressing on the side, a miniscule fruit salad, or a power bar and a bottle of water.
This obsession with weight was getting to be too much for me. It’s true that in my world people were pretty obsessed with how they looked, but there were plenty of people who didn’t seem to care or at least ate normally.
I found an empty table and sat in a chair before pulling out my apple and cheese stick. I felt very self-conscious sitting by myself, but I wasn’t brave enough to join any of the students sitting at the other tables. I took a bite of my apple and just as my mouth was completely full, a girl walk up to my table.
“Do you mind if I sit here?” she asked.
I shook my head, not able to speak as I tried to quickly chew and swallow the bite of apple.
She smiled and sat across from me. She was just as thin as everyone else, but she had thick brown hair that fell below her shoulders. 
“I’m Anne,” she said.
“Hi. I’m Morgan.”
“You’re new here, aren’t you?”
“Is it that obvious?”
She laughed and the sound was contagious and I smiled. 
“It’s just that this is a pretty small school, so it is kind of obvious when someone new starts.”
“Well you’re right. I am new.”
“Where are you from?”
Several answers came to mind, but I decided that trying to explain that I came from another universe might not be the kind of answer she was looking for. “I’m from Fox Run, up north.”
She reached into her backpack and pulled out one of the power bars that seemed to be so popular. After carefully unwrapping it, she took a small bite. “How long have you lived here?”
That was a good question, one that I didn’t really know, so I made a guess. “A couple of months.” I didn’t really like the idea of having to make up answers to all of her questions, so I decided to turn the conversation in another direction. “So, what classes are you taking?”
She rattled off her schedule and I pretended to listen as I kept eating my apple. “So what kind of stuff is there to do around here?” I asked as I opened the cheese stick.
“Nothing too exciting, unfortunately. People mostly like to work out, go on bike rides, stuff like that.”
Wow, I thought. That’s horrible. “What about movies? Or malls?”
“Malls? What’s that?”
I almost choked on my cheese stick at her question. How could she not know what a mall is? “You know, a place with a bunch of stores where you can shop or eat?”
She looked at me kind of funny, like she thought I had lost my mind. 
“I’ve never heard it called ‘malls’ before.”
“What do you call it?”
“The plaza.”
Huh. That’s different. “Well, do you have any of those around here?”
“The closest one is the next town over.”
“Okay.” This conversation was too weird for me. I stood. “Well, I’d better get going. It was nice to meet you, Anne.”
“See you around,” she said.
Just as I turned to leave, the most gorgeous boy I’d ever seen came up to Anne and sat next to her.
“Hi, Connor,” she said. Then she looked my way. “Morgan, this is my brother, Connor.”
Her brother? Suddenly I had nowhere to go. “Hi, Connor.” I gave him my most alluring smile.
He grinned back and his teeth were white and perfectly straight. The brown of his hair matched Anne’s, but that’s where their resemblance ended. Where Anne had blue eyes, his were a silvery gray, the color emphasized by his tan face.
“Morgan’s new around here. I was thinking we could take her with us to the plaza.”
“That sounds great,” Connor said. “How about it, Morgan?”
“Yeah, sure.” I was more interested in spending time with Connor then checking out this plaza, but that could be interesting too.
“How about this afternoon?” Anne said.
I didn’t know if Mom had set any rules for that kind of thing, but I decided I could find that out later. “Yeah.”
“I have to be at work at six,” Connor said. “But I can go right after school. Will that work for you, Morgan?”
I thought I should check with Mom before going somewhere, but like a loser, I didn’t know my own phone number. But she had told me I’d need to find my own way home. A smile curved my face at the thought. And she would be at work, so she wouldn’t even know I was late, as long as I could convince my siblings not to tell. “Yeah, that will work.” 
“Great! Meet us out front after school.”
“I’ll be there,” I said, then I left to go find my next classroom, a spring in my step. As I walked to class I thought about how things were suddenly looking up. It was true that I hated the way society cared so much about weighing the right amount and the way they had brainwashed everyone to agree, but I was still a teenage girl and if a cute boy showed interest in me, well then I was all-in. At least until November, when I would need to get back to the tunnel so I could get out of this insane world and get back home.
Chapter Fifteen

I managed to get through the rest of my classes without taking any notes, then went to the front of the school to meet up with Connor and Anne. They showed up five minutes later and I followed them to a beat-up looking car. To my surprise, they didn’t even seem embarrassed by the fact that the car had rust spots and dents.
I climbed in back and Connor drove while Anne sat in the front passenger seat. As soon as we began backing out the parking spot, Anne turned around and looked at me. “So Morgan, what’s your story?”
“My story?” I could see Connor glancing at me in the rear view mirror.
“Yeah, you know. Like why did you move here from Fox Run? Where do you live?”
I felt trapped and sort of tricked, like they’d invited me along to dig up information on the new girl and got me in a place where I couldn’t escape. My mind raced as I tried to think up a plausible story. But then it occurred to me that I could mostly tell the truth. I just had to pretend I was the Morgan from this world. She hadn’t done anything wrong and from what I had observed, it wasn’t uncommon to have a family member taken away to a F.A.T. center.
“We had to sell our house because my dad was taken to a F.A.T. center.” Saying it out loud bothered me. Like I was betraying him somehow.
Anne nodded, like she knew all about that sort of thing. “The same thing happened to my aunt. One day she was there, the next she was gone. But my uncle didn’t have to sell the house. I guess they had some money put aside that they were able to use.”
“Is she back yet?” I asked, thinking I might be able to get some answers.
“Oh yeah. This happened two years ago.”
“How long was she gone?”
Anne glanced at Connor. “I’m not sure. I think about four months.”
“Yeah, I think that’s right,” Connor added.
“Is that typical? To be gone four months?”
Anne looked at me a little strangely, like she thought I should know this, and I was sure I would know this if I had grown up with it. “It all depends on how much weight you need to lose,” she said.
“Oh. Yeah, I guess that makes sense.” I didn’t really care what she thought of me. There was no point in worrying about making close friendships when I would be gone in a matter of weeks. “How many people do you know that have been taken away?” I asked.
Anne looked up as if she was doing a count in her head. “I guess about eight. Most people I know try to keep their weight in the approved range so that they don’t have to worry about it. But there’s always someone who has medical issues or just eats a little too much or just doesn’t get any exercise.”
I nodded, like I agreed it was normal to worry so much about the government taking you away for being overweight.
“It’s not as often that people are taken away anymore,” she said. “Do you remember when it went from people getting turned in to how it is now, where the government does weekly monitoring?”
I nodded again, and Anne appeared to believe my lie.
“Remember how awful it was? It seemed like every other family had at least one person taken away. My mom told me that so many people had to sell their houses to pay for it that housing prices crashed and the government had to start taking people in rotation.”
I just nodded, not having any memory of those events. But it certainly did sound awful.
“Here we are,” Connor said as we pulled into a parking lot.
Glad to get off the topic now, I looked around as Connor found a place to park. The parking lot looked pretty much the same as the ones I was used to. I climbed out of the car and walked with Anne and Connor toward what looked like the main doorway. The place wasn’t too busy yet; I assumed most people were at work or just getting out of school.
“Where do you want to go?” Connor asked me.
“I’m kind of hungry. Can we check out the food court?”
“The what?” he asked.
“You know, where they sell food.”
Confusion on his face, he said, “They don’t sell food here.”
Now I was confused. What was a mall, or plaza, without food? That was half the fun of going—to eat. No wonder there were so few people here. But I had to pretend like I belonged here, like I knew all the stuff they were telling me. Of course, just because they had ‘plazas’ with no food court didn’t mean it had to be the same where I came from, in the town up north. “I guess it’s different here than back home,” I said, which was certainly true, if home was the normal universe where I was from.
“Yeah, I guess,” Connor said. “So, what was it like where you came from?”
I smiled at the sudden interest he had in me. “Well, instead of calling this a plaza, we call it a mall. And all of our malls have places where you can buy food to eat.”
“Wow,” Anne said. “I’d like to visit where you’re from. How long does it take to get there?”
I almost laughed at her question. If only I knew the answer. But I knew she thought I meant the town up north. “It’s about a four hour drive.”
“Oh,” she said, obviously disappointed it was so far away. “Well, someday I’ll go there.”
Maybe I could get them to take me up north in two months. Of course I would have to convince them that there was something to see there. But that didn’t matter. All that mattered was that I find a way to get back home. To my real home.
We continued walking down the plaza, sometimes going into stores to look around. The clothes weren’t that interesting and I was ready to go home.
“Hey guys?” I said. “I should probably get home. Is it okay if we take off now?”
“Okay. I should get some homework done before I go to work anyway,” Connor said.
When we got back to Timber Hills, I had a little trouble guiding them to my house, since we were coming from a direction I’d never been before.
“Still getting used to where the streets are?” Connor asked, a smirk on his face.
“Sorry,” I said. “I’m directionally challenged.”
He laughed and I felt marginally better. 
“Here it is,” I said as we pulled onto my street. “Thanks for the ride. And thanks for showing me the plaza.”
“No problem, Morgan. I’ll see you at school tomorrow?” Anne asked.
“Yeah,” I said, then looked at Connor, waiting for him to say something.
“See ya,” he said, which was less than I’d hoped for.
“Bye.” I climbed out of their car and shut the door behind me. When I got to the front door I realized it was locked. Expecting someone to be home, I knocked and rang the doorbell, but no one answered. Hoping the other Morgan kept a key in her backpack, I dug around, then smiled when I found a key in a small pocket. 
I went into the house and noticed how quiet it was and wondered where everyone was. They should have gotten out of school shortly after I did. Anne, Connor and I had spent about an hour at the plaza, so I would have thought they all would be home by now. 
Not sure what to do, I pushed aside my concern and went into the kitchen to find a snack. Mom usually had something for us to eat when we got home from school. Of course that was in my other life. In this world who knew what the deal was with snacks. Food was such a major issue for everyone, for all I knew no snacking was allowed. I certainly didn’t like that idea.
I explored the contents of the cupboard, but didn’t find anything that sounded good. 
“This really sucks,” I muttered, craving one of my mother’s homemade chocolate chip cookies. “Wait a minute,” I said, an idea occurring to me. Maybe I could make my own treats. 
Then I thought about the stupid pledge and how I was supposed to take care of my body and the whole “Healthy me, healthy world” crap that I was supposed to parrot. It was all so wrong and I felt a strong need to do exactly the opposite of what society said I should do.
But first I went into the living room and turned on the computer. I Googled the pledge and printed it off—I wanted to make sure and memorize it before class the next day—then went back into the kitchen.
With the ridiculous pledge in my pocket, I grinned with a feeling of rebellion as I found flour, salt, baking soda, butter, eggs, even some sugar, which surprised me. There were no chocolate chips, which didn’t surprise me. I wondered how long I would have the house to myself, but had made enough batches of cookie dough to know I could do it in less than fifteen minutes.
Having something normal to do made me feel really good. Almost like I was myself again. I started singing a song, a song that had been popular in my other life. Before long I had finished making a batch of chocolate chip cookie dough, minus the chocolate chips. Scooping some up with a finger, I put it in my mouth and savored the sweet flavor. Even without the chocolate chips, it tasted wonderful. 
Then I filled a cookie sheet with small lumps of dough and placed it in the oven. When the first batch was done and cooled, I ate several cookies before drinking a glass of milk. As I was taking the second batch out of the oven, Amy, Zac, and Brandon walked in the door.
“What’s that smell?” Zac asked as he walked into the kitchen.
“Morgan made cookies,” Brandon squealed. “Can I have one, Morgan?”
“Of course,” I said as I handed him a cooled cookie.
He took a bite, then quickly ate the whole thing. “Can I have another?” he asked, his mouth full.
I laughed and handed him another. Then Amy and Zac each took one.
“Well?” I asked as they chewed. “Do you like them?”
“They’re delicious,” Amy said. “I don’t know if I’ve ever tasted something so good.”
I smiled at her praise, but realized sweet desserts were probably rare for them and that they would think anything with a little sugar was going to taste great.
“Where did you learn to make those?” she asked.
I hesitated, not sure what to say. I could have said school, but I didn’t think she would have believed me. Teaching students how to make fattening desserts didn’t seem like a course that would be following the pledge. And telling the real answer, that Mom had taught me, seemed even less believable. “I don’t remember.”
As my siblings were enjoying the rare treat, Mom came home, but she seemed much less enthusiastic than they had been.
“What are you doing, Morgan?” she asked.
I could tell by the look on her face that she wasn’t happy that I’d taken the initiative to make an after school snack. “I baked some cookies.”
“Who told you that you could do that?”
 Amy, Zac and Brandon quietly stuffed cookies in their mouths as they watched the drama unfold.
“I didn’t realize I needed permission.” Which was true, although I didn’t know if Mom had ever told the Morgan from this world if that was the rule.
Mom put one hand on her hip. “I’m sure I’ve made that clear in the past.” She sighed. “I don’t know what’s going on with you, Morgan. Is this some sort of new phase you’re going through? Where you don’t like my food, but you can help yourself to use my ingredients to make whatever you feel like making? You know how expensive sugar is.”
“They’re really good,” Brandon added helpfully, crumbs falling out of his mouth as he spoke.
Mom glanced at him before looking back at me. “So what’s going on, huh?”
It was odd, but having this little fight with Mon was the first time I really felt like I belonged here. The two of us had had so many fights recently that this actually felt comfortable. I felt myself relax and I couldn’t keep the smile off of my face.
“What’s so funny?” Mom asked, clearly not having the same warm feelings I was.
I forced the smile away. “Nothing. I’m sorry I made the cookies. I was just craving something sweet.”
My apology seemed to wash Mom’s anger away. She sighed again. “Please ask first next time.”
“Okay.”
She turned to Amy and the boys and asked about their homework. I turned back to the cookie dough and spooned another row of dough onto the baking sheet. When the kids were busy doing their homework and another batch of cookies had cooled, I decided to put a few aside for later, in case I got another uncontrollable craving. I found a plastic baggie and shoved as many as I could inside before zipping it closed, then I stashed it in a back corner of a cupboard until I could hide it in my room later.
“Morgan, what about you?” Mom asked. “Do you have any homework?”
“Uh, not really. It’s only the first day.”
I could tell she didn’t believe me. 
“I know it’s the first day, but I also know the teachers usually assign some reading at least.”
I hadn’t brought any of my books home but wasn’t about to admit that. With a sinking feeling I realized I was going to actually have to put in some effort. Although I had decided to not worry about school since I planned to be out of here in a couple of months, I hadn’t put Mom into the equation. She would never let me get away with failing all of my classes.
“I guess my teachers decided to go easy on us on the first day,” I said, hoping she would buy it.
“Hmm. Well, I’ll expect to see you working on assignments tomorrow, young lady.”
“Yeah, okay.”
She left me alone then and I was able to finish baking the cookies, then I cleaned up the mess I had made.
That night at dinner no one was very hungry, having filled up on my cookies. I could tell Mom wasn’t happy about that, but there was nothing she could do about it now. She made me do the dishes again as punishment, even though it wasn’t my turn. When I had finished cleaning up I was able to take my cookie stash up to my room. Glancing around for a good hiding place, my gaze stopped on the beat up backpack I’d been using that day. I decided this was a good time to see what the other Morgan had stashed in her backpack.
First, I put the baggie of cookies under my pillow, then I sat on my bed and unloaded all the items from the backpack, laying them out on my comforter. My gaze skimmed over the items: a broken pencil, a pen, a working pencil, a notepad, an eraser, a romance novel, a stick of gum (sugar free, of course), the class schedule I’d gotten that morning, and a pair of earrings. 
I frowned, disappointed that I hadn’t found something more useful, like maybe a cell phone. It was true that I didn’t have anyone to call, but it would have been nice to have a cell phone nonetheless. I knew I shouldn’t be surprised that the Morgan in this world didn’t have a cell phone. There seemed to be barely enough money to buy food.  A cell phone for a teenager was certainly a luxury.
I put everything back into the backpack and tucked my baggie of cookies inside, then went downstairs to spend the rest of the evening with my family. After working so hard to find them, I actually wanted to spend time with them. The boys wanted to watch television—just like they did in my home world—but Mom made them leave the TV off and instead she brought out a board game. I was pleasantly surprised by how much fun I had and decided when I got back home I would do things like this with my family more often. 
The next morning I left the house and began walking to school, dreading the long walk and hoping I wouldn’t get lost. Thirty minutes later I was at the school. Pleased with myself that I had found it on my first try, I smiled, hoping that my luck would hold out and I would have a good day. Heading straight to my locker, I entered the combination, then looked at the books inside. I reluctantly pulled out the ones I would need for my first two classes, then closed the door and spun the lock.
As I slid into a seat in the class, I glanced at the other students. The day before I’d come in late and had felt too self-conscious to look at anyone else, but today I was a few minutes early, so I checked out the other students without being too obvious. Just like I’d noticed the day before in lunch, not one person was overweight. Again, it felt strange to see everyone looking so much the same as everyone else. 
I noticed many of the students looking my way too and I wondered what they were thinking. I wasn’t fat, but I knew it wouldn’t kill me to lose ten pounds or so. But compared to all of them, who were mostly skin and bones, I did look a little chunky.
It doesn’t matter, I tried to convince myself. I’ll be out of here in a couple of months anyway.
But what if I can’t get back and I’m stuck here? Then what?  Am I going to start worrying about every morsel I put in my mouth? Am I going to have to start exercising for hours every day?  A sudden feeling of panic engulfed me and I tried to tamp it down and convince myself that of course I would get back home.
I had to get back home. I didn’t know if I could survive in a world that exerted such control over everyone’s lives. In the meantime, just to prove to myself that I was different from all these weight-obsessed people, I would follow my own instincts on what I should eat and how I would behave and I would resist the brainwashing that I saw going on around me.
Chapter Sixteen

As I waited for the teacher to begin class, I pulled out my notebook and prepared to take notes. Even if I refused to be drawn into the fixation with being thin, I still had to face my mother, which meant doing my best at school. 
“Hi,” the girl in front of me said, her body swiveled in my direction. “I’m Lori.”
“I’m Morgan,” I said, smiling at the friendly look on her face.
“I set a goal to talk to at least one new person each day. I’ve heard there are no strangers, just future friends.”
“Oh. Well, that’s a nice idea.”
“I think so too. That’s why I’ve adopted it as my motto.” Lori paused, but only for a second. “So, how long have you lived here? I don’t think I’ve seen you around.”
“My family just moved here a couple of months ago.”
She nodded. “Do you like to run?”
I flashed back to a few days before when I’d chased after the boys who had stolen my backpack. “Not really.” 
“That’s too bad.”
“Why’s that?” I wasn’t able to think of a single reason not running could be a bad thing.
The teacher stood in front of the class then and everyone began to settle down.
“Because we need one more person on our relay track team,” Lori whispered, before turning to face the front of the room.
Whatever, I thought.
Then the teacher made us stand for the pledge. She asked one of the students to stand in front and lead the rest of us. Even though I didn’t agree with them, I recited the words along with everyone else. It felt strange to say the words out loud though, since I was so adamantly opposed to what they stood for.
When the teacher began her lecture I tried to pay attention since I knew Mom would be checking up on my schoolwork. When class was over, Lori was right behind me as I left the classroom.
“What class do you have next, Morgan?” she asked.
“English,” I said, happy to have someone to walk with. “What about you?”
“My favorite class. Gym.”
I never particularly liked gym, especially the part where I got all sweaty. “Why is it your favorite?”
“I just like to be active. That’s why I run track.”
“Oh. That’s cool.” But it still wasn’t something I saw myself doing by choice, although I knew I needed to decide about what sport I was going to do. 
“Hey, Lori,” a deep voice said from behind us.
We both turned around.
“Hi, Connor,” Lori said.
I smiled at him, but didn’t say anything. Today he looked even hotter than he had the day before. The blue of his shirt really set off his tanned face.
“This is Morgan,” Lori said.
He smiled at me and I felt my heart flutter.
“Yeah, we already met,” Connor said.
“How’s it going?” I asked, trying to contribute something to the conversation.
“I should ask you that, since you’re new and everything,” he said.
I smiled at his interest. “It’s okay.”
“I tried to get her to join the track team,” Lori said. “But she doesn’t like to run.”
“You don’t like to run?” he asked, clearly shocked by such an idea.
“Well, I can do it,” I said. “I just haven’t done a lot of it lately.” Suddenly running was something I thought I might want to do more of.
“Then this is a good time to start,” he said, an encouraging smile on his face. “Unless you already chose your sport?”
“Actually, no. I haven’t.” But now I knew what I was going to choose.
“Are you going to join track?” he asked.
“Sure. I mean, I guess so. I just need to let the office know, I guess.”
“Okay. We’ll tell the coach you’ll be there for Monday’s practice,” Connor said.
Lori nodded, apparently not caring why I had suddenly changed my mind.
“Great,” I said. “I’ll see you guys there.”
By the time lunch rolled around, I knew I would have plenty of homework, which would make Mom happy. I went into the lunch room and saw Anne, Lori, and Connor sitting with a group of other kids at a table.
“Morgan,” Lori called to me, then motioned for me to join them.
I had to admit, I was starting to like this school. It was only the second day, and already I had made several friends and been invited to join the track team. I slid into an empty seat next to Lori and said hi to Anne and Connor.
“This is Morgan, everyone,” Lori said before introducing me to the other people there, which included two boys and three girls I hadn’t met before.
They all said hi, then went back to their conversation. I didn’t say much, but just watched and listened. It didn’t look like any of them were paired off as boyfriend/girlfriend. At least it didn’t look like Connor had a girlfriend, which was the most important piece of information I gathered in my observation.
I reached into my backpack for the food I’d brought and noticed the baggie of cookies I’d stashed in there, which gave me an idea. Pulling out the bag, I waited until a lull in the conversation. “Would anyone like some of my homemade cookies?”
They all shifted their gaze to me, then looked at the cookies. 
“Put those away,” Lori whispered as she pushed my hand down.
“Why? What’s wrong?” 
“You know those aren’t allowed.”
Actually I had no idea they were forbidden, but somehow I wasn’t surprised. Everyone at my table stared at me as if I’d just laid out an assortment of drugs. 
“I’ll take one,” Connor said, a grin on his face.
“Connor!” Anne looked shocked. And worried. “You could get in trouble. You could get us all into trouble.”
He held out his hand and I slid the bag of cookies across the table. He removed not one, but two, and popped the first one in his mouth, then slid the baggie back. “These are really good, Morgan.”
His words filled me with pride, though everyone else looked scandalized, like he’d just announced he was dropping out of school so he could sell drugs.
“You made these?” he asked, ignoring the looks of disapproval on everyone else’s faces.
I nodded and smiled, not able to hold back my pleasure at his compliment. “Yesterday.”
“And you used real sugar, right?” 
“What else would I use?” I asked. 
“Sugar substitute, duh,” Lori said. “You are aware how many calories, empty calories I might add, that sugar has in it, aren’t you?”
 “No.” I had never thought about it before, actually. I looked at the others and saw them all staring at me.
One of the girls, Jen, looked me up and down. “Do you eat refined sugar a lot?”
I felt like I was back at the Come On Inn diner under the scrutinizing gaze of the waitress, and I didn’t like the way it made me feel. “I don’t know. I never really paid attention before.” Somehow I knew that was the wrong answer, but I refused to get caught up in their weight issues.
“How could you not know?” Jen asked, obviously shocked by my carefree attitude.
“I guess I’ve just never worried about that stuff.” I wondered if my dismissive attitude would make them not like me. But somehow I couldn’t bring myself to pretend I was worried about my weight in the same way they were.
“You’re really something, Morgan,” Connor said as he ate the other cookie.
I couldn’t tell if he admired me or felt disdain towards me. Glancing in his direction, I thought I saw a little twinkle in his eyes and it suddenly occurred to me that just because everyone acted so concerned with their weight didn’t mean everyone actually was concerned.
The idea was a revelation. I had been so busy assuming everyone had the exact same attitude that I hadn’t even thought that some people might disagree with the way things were in this world. Suddenly I was certain that there were other people like Fred, the man who had given me a ride—people who only followed the rules out of fear and not because they believed in them.
When Jen started to comment again, Connor cut her off. “Let it go, Jen.”
I hid the smile that threatened to blossom on my mouth, then closed the baggie that held the remaining cookies and put it in my backpack. Nibbling on the carrots sticks I’d brought, I wondered how long I could survive on the food that was available at my house. It was nothing like the diet I was used to.
As I half-listened to the conversation around me, I considered ways I could get more food. No good ideas came to mind and I realized I was becoming just as obsessed with food as everyone else was, but my obsession came from the lack of food, not worrying about eating too much. Was that any better?
Chapter Seventeen
 
At the end of school I stopped by the office to report that I had chosen track as my sport. The woman behind the counter smiled in apparent approval and entered the information into the computer. Once that was done I began the walk home and decided I’d better get used to it since it seemed I would be doing a lot more physical activity now.
When Mom got home that evening I told her I had joined the track team. 
“That’s great, Morgan. Do you know what events you’re going to participate in?”
“I know they need another person to run one of the relays, so that might be fun. Maybe throw the discus?”
“Did you know that I ran track in high school too?”
“No.” This was news to me. I thought my mom had been a cheerleader or something in high school, but maybe the mom in this world had different experiences in high school. “Did you like it?”
“Yeah, I did, actually.” Her eyes got a far-off look for a minute. “I was really good at distance running.”
I nodded, not really interested in traveling down memory lane with her. “Well, I’ve got some homework to do.”
“Okay,” she said.
I went up to my room and was glad to see that Amy was nowhere to be seen. It was hard enough to share my room with her without having her actually hanging around too. Though I’d enjoyed spending time with my family the night before, I still enjoyed my solitude.
I worked on my assignments for a while, then decided I needed to make sure I had something to wear to practice on Monday. I dug through the closet and found a pair of shorts that would work, along with a t-shirt and a decent looking pair of running shoes. 
Stuffing them in my backpack so that I wouldn’t forget them on Monday morning, I found the baggie with the cookies I’d taken to school and decided I should eat them while they were still relatively fresh. I scarfed down the whole bag, then licked the crumbs off of my fingers. 
How am I going to satisfy my cravings? Then I got an idea. I ran downstairs and found Mom helping my brothers with their homework.
“Mom, can I talk to you for a second?”
She turned to face me. “Sure, honey. What’s going on?”
“I was wondering,” I paused for a second. “Would I be able to do some jobs for you around the house to earn some money?”
“Oh, Morgan. I wish I could help you out, but you know how tight our money is right now. You know, with Dad gone and everything.”
“When do you think he’ll be back, anyway?” I asked, hopeful she might be able to tell me something.
“Well, since we didn’t have enough money to pay for his whole treatment, he’ll have to stay an extra few weeks to work off the cost. So it really just depends on how long it takes him to get to his approved weight.”
“Can we at least go and visit him?”
“You know that’s not allowed.”
Of course I didn’t know that, but I did know that it sucked, just like everything else in this world. “Mom, doesn’t it bother you that someone else decides for us how much we should weigh?”
“Well, Morgan, that’s just the way it is. There’s nothing we can do about it, but follow the rules.”
“What if I don’t want to follow those rules? What if I like to eat unhealthy or I don’t like to exercise or maybe I want to be fat? What then?”
“Morgan, stop it!” She glanced at my brothers, who seemed very interested in our conversation.
I didn’t want to stop. I wanted things to be normal, like I was used to. I hated the way this society worked and how everyone was so worried about gaining an extra pound. I hated that we were so poor that I wasn’t allowed to bake any treats. And I hated that I didn’t know if I could actually get back home, to the world where I had come from.
“Fine,” I said instead, as I walked away in a sulk. I went back upstairs to my room, but this time Amy was there, doing something with her hair.
“Hi, Morgan,” she said, a smile on her face.
I tried not to scowl at her. After all, it wasn’t her fault I hated my life. “Hi,” I said, making sure my voice showed that I was unhappy. 
“What’s wrong?” she asked, turning toward me.
“Nothing,” I said as I sat on my bed.
“Okay. Well, you can talk to me about it if you want to.” Then she turned back to the mirror.
Her sweetness was unexpected and I experienced a feeling of warmth toward her that I couldn’t remember feeling before. This Amy seemed more mature than the one I was used to. Maybe she’d had to grow up faster because of the way things were here, especially with Dad being taken away.
Maybe I needed to give her a chance, get to know her better. 
“So, how’s school going?” I asked.
“It’s okay. It’s kind of hard being the new girl.” She set her hairbrush down and sat on the floor near me.
Wow, I thought. She’s probably experiencing the same things I am. Except for living in different universe, that is. “Are people being nice to you?” I asked.
“Yeah. But everyone seems to know each other, so I kind of stand out as different.”
“Me, too.” I paused. “I’m going to join the track team.”
“That’s cool. I wonder if they have anything like that at my school.”
“Aren’t you guys required to do a sport?”
“Well, we have gym every day, so we don’t have to join a sports team, but we can if we want to.”
“Well, I guess you can find out if they have a track team.”
“I will. Thanks, Morgan.” She stood and left the room, a big smile on her face.
Although I didn’t think I’d done anything worth thanking me, her happiness made me feel better. 
For dinner we had a fat-free version of the lasagna I was used to eating in the other world. It actually didn’t taste too bad and I was able to eat the small serving Mom gave me, even though the cookies I’d had earlier had pretty much killed my appetite.
Saturday morning I was trying to sleep in despite the racket my brothers made as they yelled or ran down the hall. Then Mom came in and woke me up. This didn’t surprise me as she usually didn’t let me sleep in very late. “Morgan, I have to go to work.”
Opening one eye, my curiosity got the better of me. “What do you do at your job, anyway?”
She looked at me kind of funny, like the answer should have been obvious. “I help the patients on my floor.”
“Oh, so you’re a nurse,” I blurted out without thinking.
Leaning towards me, she pressed the back of her hand to my forehead, obviously thinking I had become delusional with fever. “Do you feel okay?” she asked.
“Uh, yeah. I was just having a weird dream. That was a dumb question. Nevermind.”
Looking relieved, she straightened. “Okay. Well, I need you to get up so you can watch your brothers.”
Frowning, I turned my head away so Mom wouldn’t see my dismay. “Okay,” I muttered into my pillow.
Mom walked to the door and paused. “Now, Morgan. I need you to get up now.”
Sighing to show my displeasure, I threw back the covers and sat on the edge of my bed, then looked at Mom.
“Thank you,” she said, a smile on her face. 
She left the room and I could hear her telling my brothers she was leaving for work and to behave themselves. Like that would happen.
I glanced around the room, wondering where Amy was. Sighing dramatically, I stood and then got dressed, not wanting to bother with a shower, then headed downstairs to see what was going on. 
The television was on and blasting some dumb cartoon. I looked at the couch and frowned when I saw Brandon sitting upside down, with his feet on the couch cushions and his head on the floor. Zac was stretched out across the length of the couch and Amy was curled up on the recliner, a book in her hand.
“Is that comfortable, Brandon?” I asked, wondering what all that blood rushing to his head was doing to him.
He didn’t respond and I realized he was mesmerized by the animated figures moving across the screen. My gaze went from his face to the show they were watching and I stared at the screen, my eyebrows drawn together as I listened to the happy song the characters were singing.
Good health, good health, it makes you strong
You will live longer if you follow this song
Veggies and fruits. Veggies and fruits. 
We all love to eat veggies and fruits.
You are what you eat and you know that it's true
Eat healthy and exercise, it's what you must do
Veggies and fruits. Veggies and fruits. 
We all love to eat veggies and fruits.
Lame. Whatever happened to good old-fashioned violence? Then I saw that this show had plenty of that too. As the animated children strolled along singing their song about the wonders of produce, a hideous creature jumped out in front of them.
“It’s the sugar monster!” the cartoon children screamed as they turned to run. But then a whole gang of the terrible sugar monsters appeared, surrounding them.
“Oh no, what should we do?” they asked, clearly terrified.
Suddenly a tall stalk of celery and a muscular broccoli appeared. “We’ll save you.”
I watched in fascination as the vegetables took out a pair of guns, yes guns, and blew the sugar monsters to bits. 
I guess sugar is worse than violence here, I thought, disturbed by the message this show sent.
“Isn’t there anything else on?” I asked, but no one answered. My gaze went back to the program. A jumbo cup of soda wandered to the cartoon children and bent its straw toward them, trying to entice them to have a sip of the sugary drink. One of the children stepped forward, about to take a sip, but then the celery stalk jumped between the child and the soda shouting “No! Don’t fall for his tricks!” A look of gratitude appeared on the child’s face as he said, “Thank you, Mr. Celery. You saved me.”
I rolled my eyes, not able to believe that this was a show children were actually entertained by. But when I looked at my brothers I saw that they were completely immersed in the storyline. That bothered me more than anything. Where I came from, they would have laughed at this program as if it were a joke, but here it was taken seriously.
I stepped toward the television and turned it off. “Okay, that’s enough TV. Let’s go play outside.”
“Aw, Morgan,” Brandon said as he got up from his upside-down position. “I want to watch TV.”
“Nope. I’m in charge and I say we’re going to go outside and play. Let’s go.”
“Do we have to?” Zac whined.
“Yes.”
“You’re not in charge of me,” Amy said, looking up from her book. “I’m staying right here.”
“Fine,” I said. 
“That’s not fair,” Brandon said.
“Come on,” I said. “Don’t you want to kick the soccer ball around?”
“I guess.” Brandon said.
“Okay,” Zac said. “Plus Mom said we need to get in our exercise.”
Wow, I thought. It’s hard to get away from this food and exercise obsession. At least it was better for them to play then to watch that bizarre cartoon.
A few minutes later I had gotten them involved in kicking the ball around. They insisted that I join in so I did and found that I was actually enjoying spending time with my brothers. 
Chapter Eighteen

Monday morning as we recited the pledge I glanced at the other students and noticed that though some said it with vigor, others were obviously just going through the motions. I found it interesting to realize that not everyone bought into the propaganda. I didn’t know most of the students, but one person who did recite the pledge with energy was Lori. Then I remembered how upset she’d been when I’d taken my home-baked cookies out of my backpack at lunch the previous Friday.
Obviously she really believed in this “Healthy me, healthy world” stuff.
That afternoon I went to the girls’ locker room and changed into the clothes I’d brought for track, then went out to the field where practice would be held. As I approached the other members of the track team, Lori motioned for me to join her. Everyone was stretching out, so I began doing the same.
“I’m so glad you decided to join track,” she said as she bent down and easily touched her toes.
“Me too,” I said, although I wasn’t really sure if I would enjoy the running as much as the chance to get to know Connor better.
“So, are you going to join our relay team?” she asked.
“If the coach says I can, then I will.” I wasn’t certain if he would think I was fast enough to be part of the relay team. Honestly, it didn’t really matter to me what events I did. I wasn’t afraid to admit that the only reason I’d chosen track was because Connor had encouraged it. “Where’s Connor?” I asked, deciding to get busy on my true purpose.
“Oh, he couldn’t make it today.”
“What? Why not?” When Lori narrowed her eyes at me with suspicion I added, “I mean, after he practically forced me to come today, why wouldn’t he even bother showing up?”
That seemed to turn her attention away from me and the distress I had shown at the news.
“I’m not sure, but I heard that one of the guys he works with is being taken away today to a F.A.T. center and they needed him to fill in at the last minute.”
“Oh.”
“I think it’s disgusting how people let themselves get so fat, don’t you? I mean, can’t people control what they eat? Don’t they realize the pain it puts their families through when the government has to step in and help them get back to a healthy weight? It’s so selfish.”
“But Lori, why do you think it should be up to the government to decide when someone is too fat?”
She stopped stretching and stared at me. “Are you saying you think it’s okay for people to be fat?”
The way she said it with such disgust, plus the look on her face, made me feel like I should agree with her, like I shouldn’t make waves.
“I don’t know,” I said, not able to hold back my opinion. “It just seems like the government is getting a little too involved in people’s lives. Like they think they know best.”
“Are you a sympathizer?” Lori asked, looking horrified.
“A what?” I asked, not sure what she was talking about.
“Come on, Morgan. Don’t play dumb. I can tell you sympathize with those people.”
“What people? What are you talking about?”
“Those people who are taken away. You act like it’s not their own fault that they found themselves in that situation.” She paused. “You know, the government is only doing it for their own good. Not to mention the good of everyone.”
“A healthy me is a healthy world, right?” 
She nodded. “That’s right.”
Not wanting to get drawn into a conversation about the evils of obesity, I said, “I’m going to see if I can find the coach and talk to him about being on the relay team.” Then I stood and jogged away.
When I found the coach and made my request, he agreed without even seeing how fast I could run. I guess they needed anyone they could get, which didn’t exactly boost my confidence. Then he had us run laps, which I hated for the first ten minutes, but then I started to get in to it and found it wasn’t all that bad.
When the coach had us practice the relay, I did better than I had expected to and felt my confidence grow.
After practice, I changed back into my school clothes and started the long walk home. I heard a horn honk and turned to see Connor pull up next to me.
“Need a ride?” he asked.
My lips turned up into a wide smile, and not only because I wouldn’t have to make the long walk home. “Sure,” I said.
I climbed into the passenger seat and closed the door, then Connor pulled away from the curb.
“How was practice?” he asked.
“Great. I noticed you weren’t there.” As soon as the words left my mouth, I wished I had phrased that differently. I didn’t want him to know I was watching his every move.
“You noticed, huh?” he said with a grin.
I felt my face redden, but pretended I wasn’t embarrassed. “Lori said you had to fill in at work.”
“Yeah, but then someone else came in, so I was able to leave.”
“Lori said one of your coworkers was taken away to a F.A.T. center?”
“Lori talks a lot,” he said, a frown on his face.
“I noticed.”
He laughed, which made me feel good.
“She got pretty upset when I told her I didn’t think the government should decide how much people weigh,” I said.
“Well she would.”
My eyebrows drew together in question. “Why do you say that?”
“Didn’t you know?”
“Know what?”
“Her dad’s the head of the local F.A.T squad.”
I almost asked what the F.A.T squad was, but decided I would look it up later, certain Connor would think I was an idiot if I asked. “Oh,” I said instead, like that explained everything. “I hadn’t realized that.”
“Yeah, so she gets pretty worked up when people start criticizing the government.” He glanced at me. “I liked the cookies you brought yesterday.”
“Thanks,” I said, smiling at the compliment.
“Do you have any more?”
“What about the refined sugar?” I asked, a bit of sarcasm in my voice.
“Yeah, I don’t really care about that.”
Thrilled to hear he wasn’t the fanatic so many seemed to be, I felt my heart warm. “I’m afraid I don’t have any more.” Then I had an idea. “But if I could get the ingredients, I could make more.”
“What ingredients do you need?”
I listed off the items I would need, then added, “It’s too bad I didn’t have any chocolate chips. That would have made them even better.”
“I’ll make a deal with you. If I get you those ingredients, you make the cookies and give me half.”
My eyebrows went up. “You only want half?”
“Well, you’ll be doing all the work.”
It sounded like he hadn’t spent much time in the kitchen and I decided not to tell him how easy it was to make cookies. I wondered how hard it would be for him to get the ingredients. And how expensive. But I decided to let him worry about that. “It’s a deal.” I held out my hand to shake on it and when he took my hand in his, my heart raced at the contact. He released my hand and smiled, but I wasn’t sure if it was from touching me or from excitement over getting the cookies.
“You may not want to say anything to Lori and the rest of them about our little deal,” he said, one eyebrow raised.
I laughed. “You just don’t want to have to share.”
He grinned. “Maybe that’s part of it, but now you know how Lori is when it comes to people eating anything that might put them over their approved weight.”
“I’m learning.” I rolled my eyes at the memory of Lori’s comments earlier. “And yesterday Jen got pretty upset when she found out the cookies were made with real sugar.”
He nodded. “Some people go a little overboard.”
We pulled up to my house and I reached for the door handle.
“When I get those ingredients, I’ll bring them by,” he said.
“Sounds great.” I climbed out of the car. “See you tomorrow.”
“Bye, Morgan.”
Closing the door, I smiled at the sound of my name coming from his mouth. I hoped I would hear it a lot more.
Chapter Nineteen

As I walked into the house, I enjoyed the solitude. After spending all weekend with my siblings, I didn’t mind the quiet. I’d found out that Amy and the boys stayed after school for a school-sponsored exercise program, and then the bus brought them home, which is why they usually got home so late. 
To my surprise, Connor came by later that evening with the ingredients I had told him I would need. 
“I hope I got everything,” he said as he stood on the porch.
“Do you want to come in?”
He shook his head. “I’m on my way to work for my regular shift. I just wanted to drop these by.”
Though disappointed that he was just there to drop off the goods, I smiled, glad he had actually come. “Okay.” I dug through the bag, then looked up at him and saw him grinning. “Connor! You brought chocolate chips!”
“Yep.” He looked like a little boy on Christmas morning. 
“Were they hard to find?” I paused and frowned a little. “Or expensive?”
“Don’t worry about that. You just keep your side of the deal and we’ll both be happy.”
I smiled. “If I don’t get them done tonight, I’ll definitely get them done tomorrow afternoon.”
“Great. I’ll see you at school tomorrow.”
“Bye, Connor.” I closed the door and carried the bag into the kitchen.
“Who was that, Morgan?” Mom asked.
I hadn’t had a chance to explain my deal to her, but I couldn’t see how she could object. After all, I wouldn’t be using her ingredients.
“It was a friend of mine from school,” I started.
Her eyebrows went up. “It sounded like a young man.”
I couldn’t keep the smile from my face. “Yes, it’s a boy.”
“Is he cute?” Amy asked from the other room.
“Yes, in fact, he is,” I said. “His name’s Connor and he’s on the track team too.”
“Ah,” Mom said. “Now it’s starting to make sense.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Well, I was wondering why you suddenly had this interest in running track when in the past you’d always refused when I’d suggested it.”
“Oh.” I hadn’t realized my other self didn’t particularly enjoy running either. “Well the important thing is that I’m doing it now, right?”
“Right,” Mom said, a smirk on her face. “So, why didn’t Connor come in? Why was he here?”
“That’s what I needed to talk to you about.”
“Okay,” she said, wariness on her face as she eyed the bag in my arms.
“You know those cookies I made the other day?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, I gave one to him and he really liked it. I know you didn’t want me using up your food to make more, so I made him a deal that if he supplied the ingredients, I would make him some cookies.”
One of Mom’s eyebrows went up in a question.
“But he said he only wants half of what I make,” I hurried to add. “So all I have to do is the work of baking, which is really easy, and we’ll get to keep half of the cookies.” I paused. “And Mom, he included chocolate chips.”
Now both her eyebrows went up and I hoped it was because she was excited about the treat and not because she was terrified to gain a pound or two. She was already quite thin, so I didn’t think she had to worry about going over her “government-approved weight”.
“Well, I can’t really think of a good reason to say no,” she said. “You just have to be careful not to overdo it, Morgan. You know how close you came to weighing too much last year.”
I did? That was completely unexpected.  I wondered what my approved weight limit was, anyway. Suddenly I felt a little worried that I might gain too much weight. But as quickly as the worry came to mind, I pushed it away, refusing to get caught up in that.
“Can I make these tonight?”
“Sure.” 
As soon as the dinner dishes had been cleaned up, I set to work making the cookies. Both of my brothers hovered near the kitchen, obviously hoping to get some freshly baked cookies.
“Are they done yet, Morgan?” Brandon asked, a hopeful look on his face.
“Almost,” I said as I pulled a pan out of the oven. “But I have to put half of them aside for Connor before I can give any to you.”
“Ahhhh,” Brandon said, frowning. “That’s not fair.”
I turned to him, hands on my hips. “You’re lucky to get any at all, so quit complaining.” Then I turned back, trying not to laugh at the pout on his face.
When I was sure no one was looking, I used my fingers to scoop a generous amount of dough into my mouth and closed my eyes at the wonderfully familiar flavor.
Once I was done baking all the cookies and they had cooled, I put half of them into a large baggie and set it aside, then filled another baggie, which was smaller, with as many cookies as I could fit. That one I hid with the intention of stashing it somewhere only I could access.
“Okay, who wants a cookie?” I finally called out.
Zac and Brandon raced in first, but Amy wasn’t far behind. Then Mom came in and I could tell that although she tried to act like she wasn’t overly interested, she was just as eager as everyone else to have one of the unusual treats.
I handed out the cookies like they were a priceless gift, which in a way they were. The boys wolfed theirs down, but Amy and Mom took their time, savoring the rare chocolate flavor.
Mom allowed my brothers to each have only one and made me put the rest in the freezer, which was actually a really good idea. I wondered if I could hide my secret stash in there as well so that they would stay fresh. But I was afraid they would be found and eaten by my younger brothers.
My own obsession with food is getting pretty serious, I thought. Then, just to prove to myself that I wasn’t obsessed, I tucked my extra baggie of cookies into a back corner of the freezer behind bags of frozen vegetables. In my other life the vegies would get freezer burn before being used, but here they might actually get pulled out sooner rather than later.
I shook my head as I closed the freezer door, trying not to think about the delicious cookies secreted inside. 
The next day at school when I saw Connor I waited until he was alone, then hurried over, thrilled to have an excuse to approach him.
“Hi, Morgan,” he said when he saw me and I smiled at the sound of my name.
“I have something for you,” I said in a near whisper, not wanting those nearby to overhear.
“Is it what I think it is?” he asked, a grin on his face.
I nodded. “Do you want me to give them to you now? I have them in my backpack.”
He shrugged his backpack from his shoulders. “Sure.”
I pulled out the large bag of cookies and handed it to him, then he set them inside his backpack and zipped it closed.
“I’ll think of you with every bite,” he said as he hefted the backpack onto his shoulders. Then he winked at me.
My heart pounded at the wink and his words. It hadn’t occurred to me that baking the cookies would benefit me when I wasn’t around him, but the idea of him thinking of me when he ate them pleased me and  I decided right then that I would make him other treats as well.
“I hope you like them,” I said, smiling.
“If they’re anything like the other ones you made, I know I will. You’re a great cook.”
My eyes met his gray ones and I felt my heart flip at the compliment. “Thanks.”
“Hey, I’ve got to get to class. I’ll see you at practice though, right?”
“Yeah.” I watched as he walked away from me, then I went to my own class and sat in an empty seat. After the brief time I’d spent with Connor, I felt like I could face anything. 
But then Lori slid into the seat in front of me and immediately turned toward me. “I saw you giving something to Connor, Morgan. What was it?”
I didn’t want to make an enemy out of her, but after her reaction the last time I brought cookies, plus the comments she’d made at practice the day before about people gaining weight, made me think twice before telling her anything. “It was nothing.” 
Her lips turned up into a fake smile, then quickly went into a straight line. “Okay.” 
She turned back around in her seat and I stared at the back of her head. Why would she care what I gave Connor?
Chapter Twenty

That afternoon at track practice I tried to act like nothing unusual had taken place between Connor and me, but when he caught my eye, he winked at me. My face flushed with pleasure. For some reason I looked at Lori and saw her glaring at me. Quickly turning away, I wondered why she made me feel like I had done something wrong.
As practice came to an end I headed toward the locker room. A moment later I heard footsteps catching up to me. I glanced behind me and saw Lori. Cringing, I tried to go faster without being too obvious.
“Morgan, wait up,” she called after me. 
I didn’t think I could exactly ignore her, so I slowed down and let her catch up.
“Hey Lori,” I said, as she fell into step beside me. “How’s it going?”
“Good. What about you?”
“Good.”
“So, what’s going on with you and Connor?” she asked as we walked through the door to the girl’s locker room.
Wow, no beating around the bush for her. But something about the way she asked made me wonder if she secretly liked him. “Nothing’s going on. I barely even know him.” I laughed, but it came out sounding forced, which it was. 
“Uh, huh,” she said.
Though Lori had been friendly to me at first, I wondered if that had been an act. She certainly didn’t seem friendly now. It was becoming apparent that she was the type of person who was only friendly when things were going her way. 
“That’s not what it looked like to me,” she continued.
“What do you mean?” I asked, picturing Connor winking at me. A grin appeared on my face as I thought about it and I tried to force it away, but Lori had seen it. 
A crease formed between her eyebrows. “I’m not blind, you know. I saw him wink at you.”
I was getting tired of this conversation and trying to pretend that Connor didn’t notice me. After all, I hadn’t done anything wrong. “So?”
Her eyebrows shot up, like no one had ever responded to her like that before. I suddenly wondered if I had made a mistake, but I couldn’t bring myself to apologize. In fact, I found myself getting agitated by the look on her face. The look that said she was in charge and everyone knew it.
“Is there a problem, Lori?” My heart pounded as the words left my mouth.
“You’d better watch yourself, new girl.” Then she spun around and walked away.
I watched her go, beginning to regret confronting her. Maybe I should have denied everything. Why am I making things difficult for myself when I’ll be gone in a matter of weeks? But what can she actually do to me? I reasoned. She’s just a teenage girl, a student. She can’t do anything to hurt me. 
After changing into my school clothes, I grabbed my backpack and started the walk home. As I walked, I hoped that Connor would pull up next to me and offer me a ride. Every time I heard a car approach my heart skipped a beat in anticipation, but every car drove by without stopping.
Thirty minutes later I reached my house. When I walked in I thought about Lori and remembered Connor telling me that her dad was the head of the local F.A.T squad. I went online and looked it up. I found a recent article and began reading. As I read about the F.A.T squad and what they did, I began to regret even more that I’d been so hostile toward her. I reread the article to make sure I hadn’t misunderstood any of it.
Federally Assisted Thinning or F.A.T squads are responsible for going to the home of those who have been deemed overweight. The leader of these squads may use their discretion to decide if the individual will be taken to a F.A.T center or whether the individual will be allowed to lose the weight in his/her home. In some parts of the country, F.A.T squad leaders, along with the local F.A.T committee, can adjust the government guidelines for acceptable weight limits within plus or minus five percent of the national guidelines. This is to allow for regional differences and needs.
There have been a number of protests regarding the amount of power F.A.T squad leaders have displayed. There have been reported incidences of F.A.T squad leaders showing up at people’s homes unannounced and demanding on-the-spot weigh-ins. This is partly to combat fraudulent weigh-ins where individuals have found ways to disguise their actual weight. Many people support such surprise weigh-ins, but the majority of people polled prefer a more orderly process. These surprise weigh-ins are reportedly rare, though lately more people have claimed to know of such incidences.
“Holy crap,” I shouted, startling Goldie, who was lying on the floor near my feet. Lori’s father could just show up at my house, weigh me or anyone in my family, and decide we weighed too much. Now I wished I had looked up this information yesterday, when I’d first heard of F.A.T squads. I was certain I would have responded differently to Lori. Though I could start acting nice to her, I knew she probably wouldn’t buy it.
Now I understood why she’d been so surprised when I’d talked to her the way I did. She really could hurt me. Or my family.
Chapter Twenty-One

When I walked into class the next day I saw Lori sitting in her usual spot. The chair next to her was empty, so I slid into the seat.
“Hi, Lori,” I said, a smile on my face.
She scowled at me, then began looking through her notebook.
Though I’d never been a suck up before, the previous night I had been unable to fall asleep for worrying that someone else in my family, in addition to Dad, would be taken away to a F.A.T center, and had decided I would do what I could to get on Lori’s good side.
“Hey,” I said, swallowing my pride. “I’m sorry about yesterday.”
Lori looked at me, but didn’t say anything.
“I mean, I’m sorry I was rude to you. I wasn’t, that is, my stomach was hurting which made me a little grumpy.”
“So are you saying Connor didn’t wink at you?” she asked, one eyebrow raised in question.
Clearly, she wasn’t about to let that go. I knew I would have to make something up to make her feel better. To distract myself from the sucking up I was about to do, I squeezed my hand into a fist, which made my nails bite into the tender flesh of my palm. “Honestly, Lori, I don’t know,” I lied. “I think the sun was just in his eyes. I mean, I don’t know why he would be winking at me.”
“Yeah,” she said, looking me up and down. “I don’t know why he would either.” Then she smiled smugly as she turned back to her notes.
Blood rushed to my face at the insult and I pressed my fist into my thigh, trying to keep from swinging it into her face. Instead, I turned away and took a deep breath to calm myself. As I turned back to face the front, in my peripheral vision I saw Lori glancing at me. I couldn’t tell for sure, but it seemed she was smiling, and I was certain it wasn’t a friendly smile.
My heart pounded as I realized how stupid I had been. First I had offended her, then I had tried to kiss up to her, making myself look weak. And it hadn’t even helped. I could tell she despised me for some reason known only to her. Well, I consoled myself, I had done what I could. If she still wanted to hate me, there wasn’t much I could do about it.
I just hoped she wouldn’t cause trouble for me or my family. We were under enough strain as it was, with Dad gone. We’d already had to sell our house and start over. I didn’t know if Mom could take much more.
When the teacher had us stand for the pledge, she asked me to stand in front and lead it. Nervous to have Lori watching me now that I knew her father had the power to destroy my family, I really had to focus to say the right words.
“I pledge to always follow the rules and to take care of my body,” I said, forcing the lie out of my mouth. “I will strive to put the good of all above the desires of one. A healthy me is a healthy world.”
As I sat in my seat, I marveled at the difference a week and a half could make. Less than two weeks before I’d been living my life in a normal world and now here I was, standing in front of a group of strangers, reciting a promise to follow the rules and eat healthy.
I have got to figure out how I’m going to get home, I thought, as the teacher droned on. I decided when I got home I would use Google Earth to see if I could find the hut in the forest. Of course that wouldn’t necessarily help me find the tunnel, but it couldn’t hurt.
When class was over I gathered my books and shoved them into my backpack, then stood.
“Hey, Morgan,” Lori said.
I turned in her direction, wondering what she would say. She hadn’t spoken to me once, or even looked at me, during the whole class. In fact, she had been texting under her desk most of the time.
“Yeah?” I asked.
“See you at track.” 
Then she winked at me. My mouth fell open, but I quickly closed it as I watched her sashay away.
What was that all about? I suddenly felt anxious that she was either planning something or just trying to get on my nerves. Which was working, by the way.
As I attended the rest of my classes I tried to pay attention, but my mind kept imagining all the terrible things Lori might do to me or my family. By the time school was over and track practice was about to begin, I was a nervous wreck. 
My hands shook as I tied my shoes.
“How’s it going, Morgan?” 
My head whipped up, my eyes wide. “Oh, Anne. It’s only you.” My pounding heart slowed to normal.
“What’s wrong?” Anne asked, sitting on the bench next to me. “Who did you think it would be?”
I wasn’t sure if I should say anything. Though Connor was the one who had told me that Lori’s father was head of the F.A.T squad, and though the way he’d said it made me think he didn’t approve, I didn’t know if his sister felt the same way. I decided I shouldn’t say anything about Lori, just in case.
Instead of answering Anne’s question, I laughed. “You just startled me, that’s all.” I stood up. “Are you ready?”
“Yeah.” 
She smiled and we walked out to the field together. Having her walk with me made me feel better; especially when I saw Lori watching us. I saw Connor too. He was stretching out near some of his friends. Though I wanted him to notice me, I desperately hoped he would ignore me while Lori was around.
When we reached the rest of the team, I ignored Lori’s stare, sat on the ground, and began stretching. Anne stretched out next to me. When I reached out to touch my toes, I noticed Anne did the same, but she turned her head in my direction and whispered, “What’s Lori’s problem?”
“What do you mean?” I whispered back, deciding to play dumb.
“Don’t look yet, but she keeps looking at you or us, and she looks pissed.”
I sat up straight, preparing to stretch to the front, and glanced in Lori’s direction. Sure enough, she was glaring directly at me. She didn’t seem like she was even trying to hide it, like she didn’t care if everyone noticed the way she was looking at me. A chill climbed up my spine and I quickly reached out in front of me.
“Okay team,” the couch shouted. “Run four laps and then meet back here.”
We all jumped up and began running around the track. Anne ran alongside me.
“Did you see her face?” she asked.
Lori was ahead of us, which I liked since I could keep her in sight. 
“Yeah,” I said, not wanting to elaborate.
“Why do you think she looks so mad? Did something happen?”
Though Anne could talk easily while running, I wasn’t used to it and it was a struggle to run and talk at the same time. Not only that, I was hesitant to say anything about Lori that could come back and bite me. “I don’t know,” I panted.
“I just think it’s weird,” Anne said.
“Hey girls,” Connor said as he ran up beside us.
At his sudden appearance, my heart pounded harder than it already was, and it wasn’t just because I was afraid Lori would see him talking to me. I flashed a smile in his direction, but didn’t speak, afraid I would pass out if I tried to talk while my heart was beating so hard.
As we went around the curve in the track, I saw Lori glance our way. Then she did a double-take, this time watching us for a moment before turning her head and staring forward.
Crap. I had hoped she wouldn’t notice Connor talking to me. Maybe she would just think he was talking to his sister. But I knew that was too much to hope for.
We finished our laps and began practicing our events. I was on the relay team, along with Lori, so I wouldn’t be able to avoid her. In fact, it was my job to hand the baton to her as part of the relay. We got into position and the coach blew the whistle to start the relay. I was the second girl on our team of four. As the girl before me approached, I started running, like I was supposed to, and she handed the baton off to me without any problems. 
I ran as hard as I could, and as I approached Lori she began running, but as I was about to hand her the baton, she sped up just enough that I couldn’t reach her. Stretching out my hand, I held out the baton, but her hand was just out of reach. Finally, she slowed just enough so we could make the hand off, but as soon as her hand wrapped around the baton, and before I let go, she yanked it, making me lose my footing. I threw my arms out in front of me to break my fall, but still hit the ground hard, badly scraping both of my knees and as well as my hands.
Though it really hurt and I was bleeding, I wanted to chase her down and confront her. I knew she had done it on purpose, but I knew I couldn’t prove it. All day I’d been scared of what she was going to do to me, but now that she had done it, I wasn’t scared. I was just mad. Why was I acting like she could do anything to me anyway? Why would her father do anything to my family just because she didn’t like me?
As I looked at the blood seeping from the cuts on my hands and knees, I decided that I wouldn’t let her bully me anymore. She might be used to other kids being afraid of her, but I was different. I knew that the way this world worked wasn’t right and I wasn’t about to let her control me and force me to behave the way she wanted me to behave.
“Morgan! Are you okay?” Anne asked, running over to me.
I looked up at her and nodded. “I’m okay.”
“You’re bleeding,” she said as she helped me stand up.
“Let me help you,” Connor said, materializing at my side.
He put his arm around me and helped me hobble off the field. 
Maybe this isn’t such a bad thing after all, I thought. Then I wondered how Lori would feel when she saw her plan had backfired, since Connor was now closer to me than he had ever been before. Suppressing a smile, I looked straight at Lori, who was staring at me with her hands on her hips. I stared at her just long enough to let her know that I knew she had done it on purpose.
She turned away first, and I felt warmth wash over me at the small triumph.
Connor and Anne brought me to the nurse’s office. Fortunately we got there before she had left and she cleaned and bandaged my scrapes. Then Anne and Connor walked with me back to the locker room, where I gathered my belongings.
“We’ll drive you home, Morgan,” Anne said.
I nodded, knowing I wasn’t in any shape to walk all the way home. Plus it would give me more time to be with Connor.
Anne and I came out of the locker room and found Connor waiting for us.
“How do you feel?” he asked, a look of concern on his face.
“I’ll live,” I said, not wanting him to think I was a wimp, but enjoying his attention.
“You know, I was watching the relay, and it almost looked like Lori yanked the baton on purpose,” he said as we walked toward his car.
He was watching me? I immediately thought. Then I wondered if I should admit that I believed Lori had done it on purpose, or if I should claim I had tripped over my own feet. “I’m not really sure,” I finally said, deciding to play it safe. “I don’t know why she would do something like that.”
Anne laughed. “I wouldn’t put it past her.”
“Why do you say that?” I asked, since I knew that was exactly what she had done.
“I remember a couple of years ago, there was this girl she didn’t like, and she bullied her so much that the girl finally moved to a different school. Remember, Connor?”
“Kind of. I guess I didn’t pay that close of attention.”
We climbed in the car and Connor pulled out of the parking space.
“Well I’m not going to worry about it,” I said. “I’m a big girl. I can take care of myself.”
A few minutes later we pulled up in front of my house. I opened the door and began climbing out.
“By the way,” Anne said, a grin on her face. “I really liked the cookies you made.”
I glanced at Connor before looking back at her.
“That’s right. My brother actually shared them with me.” She gently punched him on the arm.
“That’s only because it was the only way to keep you quiet,” Connor said, a smile on his face. Then he looked at me. “I might come by in a few days with more ingredients. Do you think you can make another batch?”
“I’d love to,” I said, grinning. “Bring them by when you get them.”
“I will.”
I closed the door and waved to them as they drove away, then I limped to the front door and let myself in.
A short time later Mom and the kids were home. There was no way to hide my scraped hands, so when Mom asked what happened, I told her I had fallen while running the relay, which was true. I just left off the part where Lori had made me fall.
“I’m sorry you got hurt, Morgan,” Mom said. “But I know that won’t stop you from going back tomorrow, right?”
I had hoped for a little more empathy, but then I remembered Mom saying she had run track and knew she must have had her share of falls and scrapes. “Of course,” I said, half-wanting to quit. But the stronger emotion was pride, and not wanting to let Lori think she had won. Besides, what would Connor think if I quit now? After all, he had been watching me during the relay. 
I smiled as I imagined him watching me fly around the track. At least it felt like I had been moving pretty fast. But then I pictured myself tumbling ungracefully to the ground, my hands splayed out in front of me, and frowned. As I imagined the satisfaction Lori must have felt when I crashed to the ground right in front of Connor, fresh anger welled up inside of me. 
Pushing that aside, I decided to pull up Google Earth and see if I could find the hut. It was pointless to waste energy thinking about Lori when I would be gone in such a short time. I quickly found my old house on Google Earth, but it took quite a while longer to locate the hut. When I saw it, a feeling of unreality swept over me. That building is what had led me here. I still had no idea how that was possible; I just knew it had happened.
I saw that when I clicked on the hut, the GPS coordinates popped up. That was great, except I didn’t have a GPS device. I wondered if Mom had one I could use. Of course if I borrowed it, I would never be able to bring it back. But I was sure she would forgive me if she knew why I needed it.
As I gazed at the small structure on the screen, I knew what I really needed was the location of the tunnel—at least I assumed that the way to get home was to retrace my steps. I wasn’t sure how far I had walked in that tunnel, so I searched outward, in concentric circles around the hut, looking for an opening of some sort. I spent nearly two hours searching, but didn’t see anything that looked like the opening to a tunnel. Eventually my eyes were so tired that I had trouble focusing and I had to stop.
The next morning at breakfast, Mom had to remind me again that I was supposed to do my weekly weigh-in.
“Morgan, it would be nice if you could do things on your own, once in a while.” She looked at me with annoyance. “I’ve got to get the boys to school. Please make sure and weigh yourself before you leave.”
This time when I used the scale I knew what to do. When the machine announced my weight, I was surprised to learn I’d only lost one pound. With running track the last week and what seemed like eating less, I had expected to lose more. It was true I’d been eating a lot of cookies, but the other changes should have made up for it.
Oh well. I should still be in the government approved zone. Then I shook my head that such a thought would even cross my mind. 
What a crazy world this is.
Chapter Twenty-Two

When I got to class I sat next to Lori. 
“Hi.” I put a friendly smile on my face. At her look of surprise, I almost laughed. I knew she must have expected me to be furious with her, so my friendliness must have really thrown her off. 
As I had tried to fall asleep the night before, I had considered what to do to make it clear that I was immune to her bullying. Finally I had decided to do exactly the opposite of what she expected. It wasn’t that I was trying to make her like me, but I wanted to make her think I didn’t know she had made me fall on purpose.
“Hi, Morgan,” she said, her expression guarded. She glanced at my scraped hands. “I hope your hands aren’t too sore.”
“Oh, no. They’re fine,” I said, although in reality both hands had stung terribly when I had showered that morning. Not to mention my knees, which were in even worse shape.
“That’s good. I guess you just need to be more careful when handing off the baton.” 
Her lips turned up into a subtle smirk, but I ignored that.
“I know. I can be so clumsy. Sometimes it seems like I can trip over a blade of grass.” When I smiled, it was genuine. I couldn’t help it as I watched the confusion sweep across her pretty features. She must have assumed I knew she had made me fall, which of course I did, but the fact that I was playing dumb actually made me feel like I had the upper hand. Like she didn’t have any power over me at all.
“Yeah,” she muttered, obviously disappointed that her ploy hadn’t had the intended effect.
“So did you get the assignment done?” I asked, enjoying watching how she handled the idea that what she had done had had no effect on me.
“Of course,” she said as she flipped her hair over one shoulder, obviously irritated. “I always get my assignments done.” She locked eyes with me, like she was trying to intimidate me. “What about you?”
“Well, I don’t always get my assignments done, but since Connor helped me, I was able to get this one done.”
Her eyes widened briefly, then she turned away.
So she did like Connor. I had thought so. But why had I lied to her? Did I just want to upset her like she had upset me? I didn’t know. I just knew I didn’t want her to think she could control me.
That afternoon at track practice as we ran the relay, I paid careful attention to the baton hand-off and this time managed to stay on my feet. When the relay was done I looked over at Connor to see if he’d been watching, and when I saw that he was I smiled and waved. When he waved back, I glanced in Lori’s direction and saw the fury on her face as she watched us. When I looked back at Connor, my smile was even more radiant. 
He was getting ready for his turn to do the long jump and I walked over to watch. When he landed in the sand, I cheered. “That was great, Connor.”
“Thanks,” he said, a pleased smile on his face. “I think I might be getting good enough to actually win.”
“Yeah, I think so too. Let’s see you do it again.”
He flashed me a grin, then got into position. 
I watched as he ran, then jumped. “Woo hoo!” I shouted as he landed. “That was awesome!”
He brushed the sand off as he stood, a wide smile on his face. “I think you’re my good luck charm, Morgan.” 
Then he walked right up to me and leaned close. “You’d better make sure and watch me at all of our meets. Just to make sure I win.”
His breath warmed my ear and my pulse quickened in reaction. Swallowing hard, I nodded. “Of course I will.”
He pulled back and smirked at me, obviously aware of the effect he had on me.
I felt my face redden, embarrassed that he knew his closeness had put me off-balance. 
“And I’ll watch you too,” he said, smiling.
Suddenly I wasn’t sure if I wanted him watching; I was afraid I’d be too self-conscious and not able to focus on the race. Then again, I liked the idea of him paying attention to me. In my other world I hadn’t had a lot of luck with boys, so I was enjoying this flirtation while it lasted. “You’d better,” I said.
“Just don’t fall.” He grinned at me.
False outrage on my face, I shoved him.
“I’m kidding,” he laughed as he easily kept his balance. “You know, if you want me to give you a ride home, you’d better be nice to me.”
“Are you saying you’d make me walk all the way home?”
“If you push me again, I just might.”
“Oh really?” I stepped in his direction and raised my arms, but just as I was about to push him, he grabbed my wrists in his hands.
“Oh no you don’t,” he said, his voice soft and deep.
Then, still holding onto my wrists, he stepped close to me and held my arms to my sides. I tilted my head until my gaze met his, my heart pounding at the serious look on his face.
“Morgan,” he murmured.
My face flushed as I just knew he was about to kiss me.
“Hey, guys,” a voice seemed to shout next to me.
Connor let go of my wrists and we both turned to see who was speaking. 
“Hey, Lori,” Connor said without enthusiasm.
Her gaze darted from Connor to me, then back to Connor.
Knowing she had interrupted us just to keep Connor from kissing me, I didn’t say anything as I waited for her to say what she wanted. 
“Your jump looked good, Connor,” she finally said, gazing at him in a way that I recognized as adoration.
“Thanks.” 
We stood there for a moment in an awkward silence. 
“Well, I guess we should get changed,” Lori finally said. “Are you coming, Morgan?”
Knowing she wanted to get me away from Connor so he wouldn’t have a chance to kiss me again, I said, “You go ahead. I’m not ready.”
Even though I’d turned down her offer, she stood there. “I can wait.”
To keep from rolling my eyes, I blinked, then turned away from her and faced Connor. “Whatever,” I muttered.
Connor glanced at Lori, then looked at me. “I have to get to work soon anyway. I’ll meet you outside, okay?”
A frown crept across my mouth, but I forced it away with a smile. “Okay.”
Connor turned and jogged toward the boys’ locker room. I watched him go, but out of the corner of my eye I saw Lori watching me. I turned my head and met her gaze, then I turned away, ignoring her, and headed toward the girls’ locker room.
A few minutes later I finished changing and closed the door to my locker.
“I hope I didn’t interrupt anything earlier,” Lori said, appearing next to me.
I didn’t want her to know how upset I was that she had interrupted us just as I thought Connor was about to kiss me. That would make her think she had won, and I certainly didn’t want her to win.
“That’s okay, Lori,” I said, a fake smile on my face. “You didn’t interrupt anything that hadn’t happened before.”
Though it was a blatant lie, I was satisfied to see the look of surprise on her face. When she didn’t respond, I turned away from her and walked toward the door, my thoughts moving on to Connor and enjoying the time I had to spend with him before I would make my way back to the tunnel and to my world.
Chapter Twenty-Three

Connor was waiting outside, just as he said he would be. 
“Hi, Morgan.” 
We walked to his car together.
“Where’s Anne?” I asked.
“She had to stay to make up a test.”
“Oh.” My stomach fluttered as I realized Connor and I would be alone for the first time. It’s just a car ride home, I scolded myself. Nothing to get worked up about. But then I thought about Connor almost kissing me and felt my face flush.
We climbed in his car and he backed out of the parking space. As we drove out of the school parking lot, I desperately tried to think of something to talk about.
“So, how long have you been doing track?” I finally asked.
He glanced at me before turning back to the road. “Oh, since about sixth grade, I guess.”
“Wow. You must really like it.”
“Of course. Don’t you?”
Should I admit that I actually hated to run or should I pretend that I loved it as much as he did? “Uh, well, to be perfectly honest, running’s not my favorite activity.”
He laughed. “Then why did you choose the track team?”
Plainly, I’d made the wrong choice in my answer. What was I supposed to say now? That I had only decided to join because he was on the team? That was not going to happen. “Well,” I stammered. “Actually, Lori said they needed someone for the relay team and asked me if I’d do it.” I laughed. “For some crazy reason, I said yes.”
“Lori, huh? Why’d you do her any favors? She doesn’t seem to like you much.”
“Oh, you noticed.”
“Yeah. Seriously though. Why do you think she hates you? I mean, you just barely moved here.”
In a way, I wanted to tell him the truth; that she was jealous because he was paying attention to me. But I knew I could never admit to that because that would either A) scare him away, or B) make him think I was some kind of freak for thinking he liked me when he didn’t. “I don’t know why she hates me,” I said instead. “Do you have any idea? You seem to know her better than I do.”
He laughed. “I think she just likes to have someone to hate. You’re just a convenient target.”
“Lucky me,” I muttered.
“Hey,” Connor said. “I was thinking of getting some more ingredients for you so that you could make me another batch of your delicious cookies.”
Suddenly I had a sinking feeling that Connor was only being nice to me because I was like his drug dealer. Only his drug of choice was homemade cookies. “Sure,” I quickly answered, because I didn’t have enough self-respect to turn down any chance to have his attention.
“Cool.”
A few minutes later we pulled up to my house and I climbed out of the car.
“I might come by tonight to drop the stuff off,” he asked. “Is that okay?”
“Yeah. I should be home.” I shut the door, then added in my mind, I have nothing better to do than wait around for you to stop by for thirty seconds to drop off some sugar and chocolate chips. I waved as Connor backed out of my driveway, then I went into the house and got started on my homework. Pathetically, I wanted to make sure it was done before Connor came over so I would have time to make the cookies that night. 
Half-way through one particularly difficult math problem, I asked myself why I was trying so hard on the assignment and decided my time would be better spent preparing for the soon-to-arrive day of my departure. I took out a blank sheet of paper and made a list of the items I thought I should bring.
Map
GPS device
Flashlight, maybe two—don’t want to get stuck in dark tunnel!
Water
Food
Warm jacket, scarf, gloves—it will be November
I reread my list and thought I had remembered everything. Then I pictured arriving back in the hut and how the tree had fallen on the door, which was why I’d had to leave through the tunnel in the first place, and knew I needed to have a way to get out of the damaged structure. I picked up my pen and wrote down one more item.
A tool to use to get out of the hut. 
Satisfied that I had thought of everything, I decided to gather what I could and stash the items in my room somewhere. First, I went out to the garage to look through Dad’s tools. I wasn’t sure what tool would be 1) good to use to get out of the hut and, 2) small enough to carry on my journey. 
As I was about to begin my search I heard Goldie scratching at the garage door and let her in. Happy to have the company, I gave her a hug and enjoyed the feeling of her unconditional love. She didn’t care what size my body was; she just wanted to be with me.
“I need to look for a tool,” I told her. She panted happily, her tail wagging.
I dug around in Dad’s stuff, choosing one item before discarding it, then another, until finally I decided on a sturdy-looking ax. It would make my backpack heavier, but it was crucial that I get out of that hut once I followed the tunnel back to the cellar.
With Goldie following me, I carried the ax up to my room and hid it under my mattress. As I thought about what Mom’s reaction would be if she found it hidden in my room, I laughed, which made Goldie bark. 
“She’ll think I’ve gone insane,” I said to Goldie. “Or do you think it’s normal for a teenage girl to hide an ax under her mattress?”
Next, I went into Mom’s closet to see if she stored any flashlights there like my mom and dad in the other world did. Standing on my tiptoes, I looked on the shelves and was happy to see several flashlights of varying sizes. I took them all down and set them on the floor, then turned on each one to see which ones were working and had the brightest light. One didn’t even have any batteries in it, but two of them seemed to work well. I put all but those two back on the shelf, then took the two that I had selected back to my room.
I looked around and wondered where I could put them. They didn’t necessarily need to be hidden, but I wanted to keep all of my supplies together and some of the items, like the food and water, would bring unwanted questions from Amy or Mom.
Then it occurred to me that I could put everything in a pillowcase and then put it in the garage. In my other world, the garage had always been Dad’s domain, so I figured that was true here too. If I stashed my supplies in a cabinet in the garage, the chances of someone finding them would be slim.
Feeling good about my plans, I went into the kitchen to see what food I could take for my journey. As I looked through our half-empty pantry I felt guilty even considering taking any food, but knew I would need something. I noticed a box of the power bars everyone seemed to like so much and I picked it up, wondering if I should take a few. I read the front of the package with interest.
Now available in three additional flavors! Seventy-five calories and all the nutrition you need! Includes a federally-approved appetite suppressant!
If all of the promises were true, and it included an appetite suppressant, no wonder so many kids at school ate them for lunch. I decided to try one to see if they tasted any good. I took one out of the box and unwrapped it, then took a small bite. The flavor was actually pretty good, but I wondered what was in it. Like, was it really safe? I ate the whole thing and figured unless I ate them by the pallet-full, I should be fine. 
In any case, they would be a good thing to bring on my journey back to my world. But was I willing to take food from Mom’s pantry when she had so little? Then I remembered the twenty dollars I’d taken from the Candee’s (what kind of person was I becoming that I just helped myself to the belongings of others?), and decided I should use it to buy extra batteries for the flashlights, as well as water and some of these power bars.
Feeling better about my options, I closed the cupboard and went upstairs to the linen closet and found a king-size pillowcase. I put the flashlights inside as well as the ax, then carried the bundle downstairs and out to the garage. I looked inside the cabinets and found one where Dad had put some extra cans of paint. Stuffing the pillowcase behind the cans, I made sure it was somewhat hidden, then closed the cabinet.
I went back into the house just as Amy and the boys got home. Now that I’d begun making preparations to leave, and not knowing for sure how my journey would end, I suddenly felt a desire to spend time with my siblings. What if I went through the tunnel and when I reached the hut I was in a different world altogether? A world where my family didn’t even exist?
The thought made my heart ache. I so much wanted to get back to the world I was used to, but was I willing to take the risk?
“Hi, Morgan,” Brandon said.
“Hi, buddy.” I smiled at him, noticing for the first time in a long time what a sweet face he had. “Hey, how about I help you with your homework so Mom doesn’t have to tonight?”
“I don’t want to do my homework,” he said, a look of unhappiness on that sweet face.
“I know. That’s how I feel about my homework too. But you know what?”
“What?”
“If you get it over with right after school, then you have more time for fun stuff the rest of the day.”
“I guess,” he said, though obviously still not liking the idea.
A few minutes later I had him and Zac sitting at the table working through their assignments.
Needless to say, when Mom came home and the boys announced that they had already finished their homework, she was thrilled.
When we sat down to dinner I made an extra effort to be engaged in the conversations, feeling a new appreciation for my family. I also noticed I wasn’t as hungry as I usually was and wondered if that was due to the appetite suppressant in the power bar.
Later that evening when the doorbell rang, I rushed to answer it before any of my younger siblings could get to the door. The only downside to that was how anxious I must have appeared to Connor.
“Hi, Morgan.” 
I smiled at him and tried to act casual, not like I had been waiting all evening for him to stop by, which I had been. “Hi. Do you want to come in?”
“Sure.”
Kind of surprised that he did, I opened the door wider. He walked into the living room to the gawking stares of the rest of the family. Reluctantly, I introduced him to everyone. Mom was nice enough to take the kids upstairs so we wouldn’t have to visit under their curious gazes.
“You can put the groceries on the counter.”  I pointed toward the kitchen and then watched as he set the bag he’d been holding on the counter. Then he turned toward me. 
“I really appreciate you doing this for me, Morgan.”
Even though I felt slightly used, my heart warmed under his attention. “I like to bake, so it’s no big deal.”
“Even so, I want you to know that it’s nice of you.”
“Do you want to sit down?”
“I wish I could stay, but I didn’t get all my homework done.”
I nodded, hiding my disappointment. “Okay. Well, I guess I’ll see you at school tomorrow.”
After he left, I immediately started making the cookies. Even though it felt like he only liked me for my baking services, I made the cookies anyway. But then I thought about our almost-kiss and wondered whether he had briefly lost his mind or if perhaps he actually did like me for more than what I could do in the kitchen. I popped a cookie in my mouth and smiled, thinking about Connor’s comment that every time he ate one of my cookies, he thought about me. 
The next day at school Connor sought me out, which pleased me immensely. 
“I have something for you,” I said, a secret smile on my face.
“I was hoping you would.”
Being as discreet as possible, I handed over the cookies and he stashed them in his backpack.
“You’re the best, Morgan.”
The sound of my name in his mouth made my heart skip a beat, although the message he was sending frustrated me. “I think you’re just using me for my ability to bake cookies.” He looked as surprised by my comment as I felt. I hadn’t meant to say that out loud, but once the words were out, I was glad I had said them.
“Is that what you think?” To my pleasure, he actually looked dismayed. 
“Well, kind of. Yeah.”
“Wow. I’m really sorry that I came across that way.” He paused. “Let me make it up to you. I have to work tonight, but tomorrow’s Saturday. Let’s hang out.”
Was he actually asking me on a date? “Okay. I think I can fit you in.”
He grinned. “Cool. I’ll come by your house after work, about four o’clock. I’ll have something fun planned.”
“Okay.”
“Hey. What’s your cell number?”
“I, uh, I don’t have a cell phone.”
“Oh.” 
I hoped he didn’t think I was a complete loser.
“That’s cool.” Then he reached into his backpack and took out a scrap of paper and wrote something on it. “Here’s my number.” He held it out. “You know. Just in case.”
I took it from him, grateful he hadn’t cancelled our date then and there. “Thanks.”
“See you later, Morgan.”
His smile made me forget my lack of a cell phone and I smiled back, thrilled to have his attention focused solely on me. I headed toward class and found myself actually looking forward to talking to Lori, now that I had some news to share.
Chapter Twenty-Four

When I slid into the seat next to Lori, I couldn’t hide the happiness I felt and knew Lori would see it too. Feeling her gaze on me, I ignored her and pulled out my notebook, slowly turning to a blank page. Out of the corner of my eye I could see her turned in my direction. I set my pencil down next to my notebook and glanced at her, but didn’t say anything.
As I thought about how much fun I was going to have with Connor on our date, I couldn’t keep the grin off of my face.  
“What’s going on, Morgan?” 
I suddenly wondered if I should tell her about my date. “I’m just happy about something,” I said.
“What is it?”
Surprised that she was having a civil conversation with me, I almost didn’t say anything. But then I thought about how she so deliberately interrupted the day before when Connor was about to kiss me and then how she made me leave with her to go to the locker room and all worry about her feelings fled.
“I can’t tell you. It’s kind of private.” As I waited for her to respond, I saw her face redden.
“It’s about Connor, isn’t it?” Her face seemed to twist with jealousy.
A warning bell went off in my head, but I ignored it, too excited about my news to listen to my internal caution. “As a matter of fact it is.” I paused dramatically. “He’s taking me on a date tomorrow.”
Lori’s eyes seemed to flash for a moment, but then she became very calm. “Well, I hope you have a good time.”
“Thank you.” I was glad she hadn’t gotten upset.
There was no track practice that afternoon and I didn’t see Connor again until school got out. This time Anne drove home with us and when we got to my house and I climbed out of the car, Connor grinned at me.
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” he said.
I smiled back. “I’ll be here.” I glanced at Anne, who looked confused. “’Bye, Anne.” I decided to let Connor explain to his sister what was going on.
I closed the car door then waved as they pulled away from my house. Practically skipping to the door, I went inside and set my backpack on the floor before going into the kitchen and cleaning up the dishes left in the sink from breakfast. When I was done, I began straightening up the rest of the house, my happiness giving me more energy than usual.
Then I decided I should take another stab at trying to find the tunnel opening on Google Earth. Once I got the program running, I began my search. This time though, I found a spot that looked promising. I zoomed in, impressed with the clarity of the image. It really did look like an opening of some sort. Making note of the GPS coordinates, I zoomed back out until I could see the hut. The distance looked like it could be right.
A new feeling of hope surged through me. I could actually get back there. Of course I would need to get a GPS device to lead me there or all hope was pretty much lost. When Mom got home I would see if she had one.
The rest of the kids got home a little while later and I tried in vain to keep them from messing up the house before Mom could get home and see how nice everything looked. I managed to get the boys occupied in a game just before Mom got home. I noticed how tired she looked and it suddenly occurred to me how hard it must be for her to have Dad gone and not be able to talk to him or anything.
What kind of world was this where families were torn apart just because someone weighed too much? But knowing that I now had an excellent chance of getting home filled me with unrestrained optimism. On top of that, I had my date with Connor to look forward to. Things were definitely looking up.
“Hi, Morgan,” Mom said, interrupting my thoughts. “How was school?”
“It was great,” I said, a wide smile on my face.
Mom smiled back and I was glad my enthusiasm was contagious.
“What was so great about school?” she asked.
I felt myself blush, knowing I was never that excited about school. “Well, actually, it was something that happened at school. You know that boy who stopped by last night? Connor?”
“The good-looking boy with the brown hair?”
I almost asked her what other boys had stopped by, but knew that would be rude. “Yes,” I said instead.
“Yeah?”
“Well, he asked me on a date!”
“Really? That’s great.” 
To my surprise, Mom seemed genuinely excited.
“I knew you’d make friends here,” she said.
I should have known that was her underlying concern—that I would never get out of my shell or make any friends. I pushed aside my annoyance and focused on my happiness.
“When is this big date?” she asked.
“Tomorrow afternoon.”
The smile on her face vanished and a bad feeling spread across my chest. “What?” I asked.
“I’m so sorry, Morgan. But I have to work tomorrow afternoon and I need you to babysit.”
“What?” I squeaked. Yes, my voice actually squeaked. I swallowed hard over the lump that had suddenly formed in my throat. “What about Amy? Can’t she babysit?”
Mom glanced at Amy, who was sitting on the couch pretending to read a book. I could tell she was watching us out of the corner of her eye, but she didn’t say anything.
“I don’t feel comfortable yet leaving her in charge of your brothers.”
“Why not?” I asked as Brandon suddenly yelled at the top of his lungs that Zac had cheated in their game.
“I did not!” Zac shouted back.
Mom’s attention shifted to the boys as they began wrestling on the floor, both of them near tears.
I glanced at Amy again, whose gaze was glued to the pages of her book and I knew Mom was right. Amy wouldn’t be able to handle the boys for a long period of time. Mom would probably come home to find Amy tied up while the boys tore the house apart.
My shoulders slumped as thoughts of my dream date faded.  I grabbed the cordless phone and went up to my room where I dug Connor’s number out of my backpack. I sat on my bed and dialed his number. After a few rings he answered and as his voice filled my head I momentarily lost my train of thought.
“Hello?” he asked a second time.
“Connor. Hi. This is Morgan.”
“Oh, hey, Morgan. What’s up?”
“I’m sorry to bother you.”
“No problem. I’m at work, but it’s okay.”
“Oh. Well I was just calling to tell you I can’t go with you tomorrow after all.”
“Oh. Okay.” He paused. “Is everything all right?”
“It’s just that my mom has to work so I have to babysit my younger brothers.”
He paused again and I worried he would think I was a total loser.
“How old are they?”
“What?” I asked, not understanding why he would care.
“Your brothers. How old are they?”
“Um, they’re eight and ten.”
“Well why don’t you bring them with us?”
I pulled the phone away from my ear and looked at it, not sure if I’d heard him right. “What?”
“Morgan, I was going to take you bowling. They’re old enough to come along. There’s no reason we can’t still go out. They can play too.”
“Really?” I asked, just managing to stop the squeak that nearly came out.
“Sure.”
“Well, okay. I guess that would work.”
“Cool. I’ve got to get back to work, but I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Yeah. Okay.”
Pressing the off button, I raced downstairs to tell Mom the news.
“Are you sure you want to do that?” she asked, a look of uncertainty on her face.
“It’s either that or don’t go out at all.”
“If you’re sure,” she said.
I glanced at my brothers, who were now quietly watching TV. “They’re not that bad.” When I looked back at Mom, she just smiled.
“Hey, Mom?”
“Yes?”
“Do you have GPS?”
“Yeah. You know how Dad is about getting gadgets. We got it before . . . well, before he left.” She paused. “Why?”
When she mentioned Dad leaving, I felt my heart lurch a little as I was reminded yet again about the craziness of this world. But that was exactly why I needed to use Mom’s GPS. “Can I borrow it sometime? Is it mobile?”
“Yes, it’s mobile. But why would you need to borrow it?”
“Well, I just have such a bad sense of direction. I thought it would be interesting to use it sometime.” The lie came easily and I felt ashamed. But I knew my reason for lying was legitimate and if Mom knew what had happened (assuming she’d believe me, which I knew she wouldn’t), she would let me do what I needed to. “Is it in the car?”
“Yes.”
“Do you mind if I see how it works?”
“No.” She smiled. “It’s the least I can do after you worked so hard to clean the house.”
I smiled back, her appreciation warming me. I went out to the car and found the device in the glove compartment. Evidently she hadn’t used it in a while, because the battery was dead. I brought it in the house and plugged it in, then played with the commands. Deciding to enter the coordinates for both the hut and the tunnel, I went and got the paper where I’d written down the information, then entered in both sets of coordinates and set them as favorites
I decided to do a dry-run of sorts and I selected the saved favorite for the tunnel. After a minute the GPS had acquired the satellite and the first direction I would need to take appeared on the screen. My heart pounded and I knew I was one step closer to getting home.
Before I went to bed I put the GPS and its charger in the pillowcase with the other items and felt comforted knowing it was there when I was ready.
Chapter Twenty-Five

When Connor knocked on the house the next afternoon, Zac and Brandon raced to answer the door before I could stop them. They were beyond excited to go with us and I wondered if they had ever gone bowling before. 
“Morgan! He’s here! He’s here!” Brandon yelled from the open doorway.
My face reddened as I looked at Connor standing right next to my eight-year-old brother. Trying to pretend I wasn’t as excited as them, I said, “Yes, thank you.” But when my eyes met Connor’s and I saw his lips form a wide grin, my heart began pounding so hard that I thought I was in danger of passing out.
“Aren’t you gonna invite him in?” Zac asked loudly from the entryway.
“Uh, yeah.” I tried to unobtrusively wipe my suddenly sweaty hands on my jeans, then I motioned toward the living room, glad I had taken a few minutes to straighten up. “Come in.”
“Thanks,” he said as he walked past Brandon, who still held the door open. 
He walked toward me and stopped a few feet away, then turned toward my brothers, who were barely controlling their excitement. “Well, guys,” he said. “Who’s ready to go bowling?”
“We are!” they shouted in unison.
I couldn’t help but laugh at their reaction. 
Connor turned toward me. “What about you? Are you ready?” He stepped closer and murmured, “After all, you’re the one I really want to spend time with.”
This time my heart felt like it had stopped beating for a moment. And just when I’d thought of a clever answer, Brandon yelled, “What are you guys talking about over there?”
My clever answer evaporated as the blood left my brain and rushed to my face. But Connor turned away from me and didn’t seem to notice my embarrassment.
“All right, let’s get this show on the road.” Connor walked toward the open door.
I followed him as I took a deep breath to try to calm my emotions. He turned to make sure I was coming and winked at me. We’d been on our date for less than five minutes, but already I was falling harder for him.
After herding the boys into his car, he opened the passenger door for me and I slid into the seat. He climbed into the driver’s side then turned to the backseat where Zac and Brandon were bouncing on the seat.
“You have to put your seatbelts on before we can go anywhere,” he said.
I looked at him in surprise. It seemed most teenagers didn’t care about seatbelts, though my mom had always drilled it into us to wear ours.
“What?” he asked, catching me looking at him.
I just smiled.
He grinned, then leaned toward me and whispered, “I think it will better if they’re locked down back there, don’t you?”
This time I laughed as I nodded. “How do you know so much about little boys? You don’t have any brothers, right?”
“Number one, I used to be a little boy,” he said. “Number two, I have three nephews close to their age.”
“We’re ready, Connor,” Zac said.
“Good job, guys,” he replied as he looked back to make sure they were actually belted in. 
The drive to the bowling alley was uneventful. I was almost afraid to talk to Connor for fear that Zac or Brandon would jump in to the conversation and say something embarrassing. A short time later we arrived and as soon as the car had stopped the boys were pushing past each other to get out of the car.
“They’re sure full of energy,” Connor said as we watched them dash toward the entrance.
I wasn’t sure if that was a compliment or a complaint. “Yeah.” I began to walk faster. “And we’d better hurry or they’ll tear the place apart before we get inside.”
Connor just laughed as he caught up with me and we rushed inside. To my relief, the boys were actually waiting for us.
“You guys are slow pokes,” Brandon announced.
“I tried to keep up, but you guys are just too fast for me,” Connor said.
When I saw the look of delight on Brandon’s face, I felt my heart melt for Connor even more. He was being so sweet to my brothers even though he had no reason to.
The four of us went to the counter and rented our shoes and Connor paid for the lane. We had to spend some time showing my little brothers how to bowl, confirming my suspicion that this was their first time bowling. Even though it seemed Connor was giving more attention to Zac and Brandon than to me, I couldn’t help but smile as I watched the three of them having so much fun.
After we’d been bowling for about forty-five minutes, I sat on one of the chairs by our lane. To my delight, moments later Connor slid in to the seat next to me, a smile on his face.
“I think they’re getting the hang of it,” he said, motioning to my brothers who jumped in excitement any time a pin fell over. 
“Yeah, they had a good teacher.”
“Thanks. It was fun to teach them.” 
He leaned closer to me and my pulse surged. “What about you?” he asked. “Do you need some private lessons?”
“Am I doing that bad?” I asked, laughing.
“No, that’s not what I meant.” He smiled. “I just thought it would be nice to have some time on an actual date instead of babysitting.”
“I see how it is,” I said. “You’re just using my brothers to get close to me.”
“Yeah,” he laughed. “That’s it.”
Though I was exhilarated by the attention he was giving me, I had to control my eagerness. After all, I would be gone in just a few weeks.
“Are you hungry?” he asked.
“A little,” I said, though I was actually ravenous.
“Great. I’ll get us something to eat.”
I watched him walk away and went to help Brandon, who was having trouble holding the bowling ball right. I was so focused on my brothers that I didn’t realize someone had walked up next to me until I heard my name.
Startled, I spun around to see who was talking to me. It was Lori.
“I didn’t mean to scare you,” she said, a smirk on her face.
“What are you doing here?” I blurted.
“Bowling, duh.” She laughed and turned toward the three girls standing a little ways behind her. They laughed too.
I hadn’t seen them there and felt awkward to have them watching me.
“How sweet of you to take your baby brothers bowling.”
“I’m not a baby!” Brandon shouted.
“Whatever,” Lori said, rolling her eyes.
I felt the urge to slap her, but kept my hands to myself. 
“Well, I’ll let you get back to your babysitting,” she said, a look of derision on her face.
“Actually,” I began, about to explain I was on a date with Connor. But just then Brandon shouted “Food!” We all turned to see Connor carrying sandwiches in one hand and a pitcher of water in the other. At the look of shock on Lori’s face, I couldn’t keep the broad smile from forming on mine. “Like I was about to say, I’m not just here with my brothers.” I paused as Lori turned back to me. “But I guess you can see that.”
Lori’s face was flushed and she didn’t say a word as she stared at me.
“Excuse me,” I said as I moved past her. Then I dropped my voice to a whisper as I turned back toward her. “I’m going to eat some sandwiches with my date.”
At the look of fury on her face, I wondered if I’d pushed the wrong buttons, but couldn’t seem to help myself. I wanted her to feel jealous. I wanted her to know she couldn’t control me. I knew it was stupid. After all, I would be gone in a few weeks. 
Maybe that’s why I was being so bold—because I knew I wouldn’t be around to deal with the consequences. It gave me a feeling of invincibility. All my life I had been relatively careful, never rocking the boat. It felt invigorating to do the things I was never brave enough to do before.
“Let’s go,” Lori said to the three girls that had apparently been waiting for orders from her.
“See ya, Lori,” Connor called after her as she walked away.
The look of fury I’d seen moments before fled as she smiled at Connor. This time I was the one rolling my eyes, but my attention quickly turned away from Lori and toward Connor and the boys. I slid into a seat at the table and grabbed a napkin before picking up one of the sandwiches.
We enjoyed our snack and a short time later we were back to bowling. Connor grabbed his bowling ball and had just rolled it down the lane when we heard his name called out over the speakers.
“Connor Matthews. Please come to the main guest area.”
“I wonder what’s going on,” he said.
I watched him walk away, a bad feeling beginning in my gut.
A few minutes later he was back, a worried look on his face. “We need to go.”
“What’s up?” I asked, starting to feel worried too.
“I don’t know. They got a call saying there’s some sort of emergency and I need to get home right away. I tried calling my house, but there was no answer.”
I felt my forehead crease in concern, wondering what was going on. “I wonder why they didn’t call your cell phone.”
“I don’t know.”
I turned to my brothers who were rolling the bowling ball down the lane, oblivious to this new drama. “Hey guys,” I said as I walked up behind them. “I’m sorry, but we have to go now.”
“Awwww,” Brandon said. “How come?”
“Connor has to get home.”
“Connor, we don’t want to go,” Zac said.
“Sorry guys,” he said. “But the fun has to end sometime. I promise I’ll bring you bowling again though, okay?”
“Okay,” they said, obviously resigned to leaving.
We quickly gathered our things and headed toward the exit. Just as we turned toward the door, I glanced to the side and saw Lori sitting a short distance away, watching us, a smirk on her face and I suddenly felt like I had lost this battle.
Chapter Twenty-Six

We pulled up to my house and as Zac and Brandon raced to the front door, I sat in my seat, waiting to see what Connor’s next move would be. He climbed out of the driver’s seat and came around to my side, opened the door and held out his hand. As our fingers touched, anticipation coursed through me. He smiled down at me as I allowed him to help me from the car. He held on to my hand as we walked toward the front door and I thought my heart would burst from happiness.
“Come on, guys,” Zac said, clearly exasperated at our slow pace. “I need to pee.”
I felt my face redden and had to let go of Connor’s hand to dig the keys out of my purse. A moment later I let the boys into the house. Connor stood next to me on the porch and I turned to face him. “Do you want to come in?”
“I’m sorry, Morgan. But I’ve got to get home and see what’s going on.”
I nodded. “Okay. I had fun bowling with you.” I bit the inside of my lip and glanced at the ground in anticipation of what would come next, but when I looked back at Connor, he wasn’t even looking at me and seemed distracted. “Connor?” I felt forgotten and unimportant.
“Yeah?”  Then he seemed to remember I was there. “Oh sorry. Hey, I had fun too, but I’ve really gotta go. I’ll see you at school on Monday, okay?”
“Yeah, okay.”
He smiled for a second, but it was quickly replaced by a look of worry. “Bye, Morgan.”
I frowned as he turned his back and hurried to his car. Not wanting to watch him drive away, I went into the house and closed the door before he’d even turned on the engine.
“That was so fun, Morgan,” Brandon said. “I want to go again. Make Connor take me again, okay? Okay, Morgan?”
His excited voice dug under my nerves and I had to use what little self-control I had not to yell at him. Taking a deep breath, I exhaled slowly and smiled as best I could. “I’ll see what I can do. Now, why don’t you go play in your room for a while?”
“Okay,” he said happily before speeding up the stairs.
As I sunk onto the couch, I sighed dramatically, allowing myself to feel pity that my date had gone so poorly. First, it was hardly a date and more like a babysitting job. Then we had to cut it short because of some kind of family thing, and to top it all off, there was no kiss at the end. I leaned my head against the couch cushions and reminded myself that I should stop being so self-centered and instead I should be worried about Connor’s family emergency. I mean, what if something had happened to Anne or one of his parents?
I sat up straight as I imagined something happening to someone I loved. Of course I wouldn’t be thinking about dates and kissing. I’d be worried about my family. Especially if I had no idea what was going on. No wonder Connor was so distracted. Now I felt like an insensitive idiot for only thinking about myself. And Connor probably thought I was a jerk for not asking what I could do.
I felt myself sinking into self-pity again but then I remembered how distracted Connor had been and realized he probably hadn’t noticed my lack of sensitivity. In fact, it seemed he’d barely thought about me at all.
Maybe he won’t think I’m a jerk, I consoled myself. And I can make up for it by calling him and seeing if I can help. Plus I really do want to make sure everything is okay at his house.
Feeling better about myself, but now beginning to worry for Connor, I went into the kitchen and grabbed the phone before dialing Connor’s cell phone. He answered immediately.
“Hi. It’s me, Morgan.”
“Oh, hi.”
I frowned at the obvious disappointment in his voice. Maybe I shouldn’t have called. “I, uh, I was just wondering if everything was okay.”
He sighed. “I don’t know. No one was home when I got here and I don’t know where they are. I called my mom’s cell phone, but then I heard it ringing in the kitchen. She must have left in a hurry because she left it here. And my dad’s just went to voice mail. I have no idea what’s going on. If they took the time to track me down, they could have at least left a note.”
I nodded, but didn’t say anything. Several scenarios flashed through my mind, but I didn’t want to share them with him since it would just make things worse. “Is there anything I can do to help?” I finally asked.
“Thanks, but I don’t think so.”
“Will you call me when you find anything out?”
“Sure.”
“Okay. I’ll talk to you later then.”
“Bye, Morgan. Thanks for calling.”
I hung up and went back to the couch, then picked up the TV remote from the coffee table and flipped through the channels. I wasn’t able to focus on any of the programs as I waited to hear something from Connor. After an hour I was tempted to call him again, but didn’t want to hear the disappointment in his voice again when he realized it was only me.
Patience had never been my strong point, but I forced myself to wait. When the phone rang two hours after I’d talked to Connor, I jumped, startled. Then I hurried to the phone and answered.
It was Connor.
“So what’s going on?” I asked, skipping all small talk.
“Nothing.”
“What do you mean? You haven’t found them yet?”
“No, I mean my mom and Anne came home a few minutes ago and had no idea what I was talking about. They’d been out shopping.”
“What about your dad?”
“My mom said she’d talked to him a little while before and he hadn’t mentioned anything.”
“Well, that’s weird.”
“Yeah. I wonder if the guy at the bowling alley got me confused with someone else.”
“I guess. But that’s annoying. It kind of ruined our afternoon.”
“That’s for sure.”
The image of Lori smirking at us as we were leaving the bowling alley suddenly came to mind and my eyebrows pulled together and I wondered if she had anything to do with the mysterious phone call to Connor.
I shook my head, not able to believe she would do something so transparent. That would be just plain mean. Was she capable of something like that?
I opened my mouth to tell Connor my suspicion, but then decided against it. It would sound crazy and he might think I was implying that Lori wanted to interfere with our relationship. But since we didn’t really have a relationship, that would just make us both feel awkward.
“Well, I don’t know about you, but I’m kind of exhausted,” he said. “I’ve spent the last two hours driving myself crazy with worry. Now I just want to chill for a while.”
I frowned as I’d been hoping he would suggest we continue our date. “Yeah, okay.”
“I’ll see you Monday then, okay?”
“Okay. Bye, Connor.”
We hung up and this time I allowed myself to wallow in pity for a while. But then I thought about Lori again and wondered what she would say if I asked her about the phone call.
Chapter Twenty-Seven

On Sunday Mom wanted to take all of us on a picnic. She said she felt bad that she hadn’t spent much time with us lately. We drove to a nearby park and we all helped to carry a large blanket along with the food she’d brought. It wasn’t like the picnics I was used to having where Mom made thick sandwiches and a large bowl of potato salad, and then brownies for dessert. Instead she brought sliced vegetables, whole-wheat pita bread stuffed with a tofu-based mixture, a thermos of cold water, and for dessert, fruit.
Though the food wasn’t what I was used to, I still enjoyed spending time with my family. Mom had also brought a Frisbee and we threw it back and forth for a while, then the boys played on the nearby play equipment while Mom, Amy, and I watched. As I sat with them on a bench, I realized that in the two weeks I’d been there I’d spent more time with my family then I had in a long time.
It’s true that I was eager to get home to the world I had come from, but I had to admit that it hadn’t been too bad here.
Monday morning when I got to class, Lori was in her usual seat and I slid into the seat next to her. I’d been gearing up to mention what had happened at the bowling alley but wasn’t sure how to begin. It turned out I didn’t have to, because Lori brought it up first.
“How was your date?” Her expression didn’t betray any secrets she might be hiding.
“It was fantastic,” I lied, a smile plastered on my face. There was no way I was going to admit that once Connor had received that message, our date had become a complete disaster. If Lori had been behind it, then I certainly didn’t want her to know that her plan had been wildly successful.
“Is that so? Connor sure seemed in a big hurry to leave.”
“Well, my little brother got sick, so we had to take him home. But it all worked out because by the time we got to my house, my mom was home from work so Connor was able to take me out, just the two of us. So it was actually a good thing.” Wow. I sounded so confident that I even began to believe it.
“That’s not what I heard.” 
Lori obviously didn’t buy it and I wondered if she’d followed us and seen Connor dump me off at my house before he rushed home.
“I didn’t know my dating life was a topic of conversation.” I paused, gathering my courage, wondering if my next words were a good idea. But when I thought about the ways she’d interfered with my time with Connor, I felt so mad that I couldn’t help it. I wanted to push her buttons. “I guess when you don’t have a life of your own, other people’s lives can be fascinating, huh, Lori?” My heart pounded as I watched her face turn beet red. 
When she spoke her teeth were clenched so tight that her lips barely moved. “You’d better watch yourself.”
I hesitated, feeling adrenaline pulsing through my veins, but then said what I was thinking. “Or what?”
She stared at me for a moment, then her fury melted away and a serene expression appeared on her face. “You’ll just have to wait and see.”
The look of calmness on her face scared me more than the rage because I had a feeling she had already thought of a way to punish me. Even so, my curiosity got the better of me and after a short pause, I said, “You said you heard something about my date. What was it?”
She stared right into my eyes. “I heard Connor couldn’t stand being around your little brothers OR you, so he took you guys home.”
“What?” I said a little too loudly, getting the attention of the students sitting nearby. “That’s not true!”
Lori just smiled.
“Where did you hear that?” I asked.
“You know. Around.”
The teacher chose that moment to stand in front of the class. I shook my head in frustration and turned away from Lori. I was certain she had made that up to get back at me for what I’d said. After all, nobody had even known that Connor and I were going on a date.
“Lori, I’d like you to lead us in the pledge today,” the teacher said.
“I’d love to.” Lori glanced at me, then strode to the front of the class.
I stood along with everyone else and said the words without even thinking. “I pledge to always follow the rules and to take care of my body. I will strive to put the good of all above the desires of one. A healthy me is a healthy world.”
As we sat down I ignored Lori and half-listened as the teacher spoke.
When class ended I gathered my things and left the classroom as fast as I could. What Lori had said had really bothered me. I knew it wasn’t true, so I wasn’t sure why. Maybe it was because I didn’t want anyone else to believe it either.
As the morning went on, I wasn’t sure if it was my imagination, but it seemed like people were looking at me funny. By the time lunch came around I felt completely paranoid that people were talking about me. I saw Anne sitting at a table and sat next to her.
“Hi there, Morgan.” 
People were just starting to come in, so no one else was at our table yet. Anne had already set out her lunch: an apple and a power bar.
“Hi,” I said as I pulled my lunch bag out of my backpack. Feeling a little guilty that my meal wasn’t quite as meager as Anne’s, I nevertheless set out the goods:  half a sandwich, an apple, and a baggie with three of my homemade cookies. Even though I’d recently heard that treats like my cookies were forbidden on school grounds, I thought the idea was so ridiculous that I almost felt a need to dare someone to tell on me.
I pulled out my sandwich and began eating. As I chewed, I decided to get right to the heart of my concerns before anyone else joined us. “Hey, Anne.”
“Yeah?” she asked as she nibbled on the power bar.
“I know this will sound dumb, but have you heard anyone talking about me today?” To my surprise, she nodded and I felt my heart lurch with worry.
“It was kind of weird, actually. I heard a couple of people saying something about your date with Connor. How he didn’t want to be there with you. What do you think that was all about?”
I couldn’t believe this was happening. Somehow I knew Lori was behind this rumor, but what could I do about it? People would believe what they wanted. As I thought about people laughing at me behind my back, I took another bit of my sandwich to distract myself from the tears of humiliation that were pressing at the back of my eyes. As I furiously chewed, my mind raced and I found I’d finished off the sandwich without realizing it. Inhaling deeply, I slowly released my breath. “You don’t believe them, do you?”
“Well, no. Of course not.  Connor’s my brother and I know he likes you.”
Pure joy shot through me, crushing all of my other feelings. I savored her comment, picturing Connor’s smiling face. “Anne, I think Lori started that rumor.” I actually grinned as I spoke. 
“I would think you’d be less happy about it.” Her face showed confusion.
Laughing at her puzzlement, I said, “Oh, believe me. I’m mad at Lori. I’m just happy you think Connor likes me.” I picked up my apple and took a bite.
Anne smiled. “Oh. Okay. But what makes you so sure it was Lori?” 
I swallowed the bite I’d been chewing. “Because she and her friends saw us there and then in class this morning she was all too happy to tell me what she’d ‘heard’.”
Anne nodded as she finished off her power bar. “And I suppose you think she had something to do with the phone call Connor got at the bowling alley?”
“Don’t you?” I asked, drinking from my water bottle.
“I guess it’s possible.”
“Who else could it have been?”
“Maybe it was a mistake. Maybe the guy at the bowling alley misunderstood or maybe he gave Connor the message when he was supposed to give it to someone else.”
Her arguments were valid and I found myself gnawing on the inside of my lip as I considered that it had all been a big misunderstanding.
“But I think I might know how I can find out,” Anne said, glancing over my shoulder.
I turned to see who she was looking at and saw Lori and her pals getting in line to buy some lunch. Either they hadn’t seen us or they were ignoring us.
“Do you trust me?” Anne said
I turned back to face her, not sure what she was implying. “Yes?” 
A sly smile appeared briefly on her face, then a look of anger replaced it. She stood abruptly and frowned at me.
“No, Morgan,” she said loudly enough for pretty much everyone in the lunchroom to hear. “No. You need to just stay away from me, my brother and my whole family. Okay? Is that too hard for you to understand?”
My mouth hung open and tears sprang to my eyes. Although I was certain she was just putting on a show for a reason known only to her, it had taken me by surprise. I watched as she gathered her things, completely snubbing me now, and walked past me to another table.
My lunch forgotten, I grabbed my backpack and stumbled toward the nearest door. As I pushed the door open I glanced toward the lunchroom and saw everyone staring at me. Mortified, I was about to walk through the door, but then movement at another door caught my eye and I saw Connor just entering the lunchroom. He had missed the whole show. I watched as he seemed to notice something was going on, but before he looked my way I hurried out of the room and rushed down the hall, letting the door slam shut behind me.
I went to the rest of my classes in a daze, reminding myself that Anne had just been pretending, but the feelings roiling inside of me were genuine. I felt completely alone. It seemed everyone had not only heard the rumor that Connor hated me so much that he had to end the date early, but everyone had either witnessed or heard about Anne’s outburst in the lunchroom.
I was certain each and every student at my school thought I was a total and complete loser. When the bell rang to allow us to go home, relief swept over me. I had been tempted to leave school early, but had decided if I did, it would be even harder to come to school the next day.
Before I left, I needed to go to my locker to pick up a textbook. As I walked down the hall I stared at the ground, not wanting to make eye contact with anyone. People snickered as I passed but I pretended not to hear. As I approached my locker I looked up and saw something had been taped to my locker door. Hurrying closer, I stood in front of it and stared.
Someone had drawn a picture of a person who I assumed was supposed to be me. But this person looked like she was extremely overweight. And taped just above the drawing was the baggie of home-baked cookies I had left in the lunchroom when I’d run out.
I ripped the cookies and the drawing down and stuffed them both into my backpack. 
I hate it here, I thought as hot tears pushed their way into my eyes. Blinking several times to clear the tears, I faced my locker until I had gotten myself under control. Though I was supposed to go to track practice, there was no way I could face Connor. Instead of heading to the locker room, I walked out of the school building and began the long hike home. 
As I walked, I half-hoped Connor would pull up next to me in his car, offer me a ride, and tell me to ignore what everyone was saying because he really liked me. But the closer I got to my house, the more I came to accept that he wouldn’t be coming.
Suddenly I wondered why I was staying in this world. What if I had been wrong and I didn’t need to wait until November to try to get home? Maybe I should try to get home now. If I didn’t need to wait, I was staying here, suffering, for no reason.
Pushing aside my hurt feelings, I decided to walk to a nearby grocery store on my way home and pick up the last of the supplies that I needed. Then first thing in the morning, instead of going to school, I’d leave.
The decision made the bad feelings I’d been having completely disappear. Instead, I had a spring in my step as I headed toward the grocery store. When I got there, I picked up a package of batteries for the flashlights, a six-pack of water bottles, and two boxes of the appetite-suppressing power bars.
I had just enough money to pay for everything. After placing everything in my backpack, I walked home, thinking about how I would get up north.
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Very few options came to mind. If I had some money I could take the bus, but I didn’t and stealing from Mom, assuming she even had any money to steal, was something even I wasn’t willing to do. I could convince Connor to drive me there, but how I would talk him in to that, I had no idea. Or I could hitch a ride. That had worked out pretty well for me to get here. I thought about Fred and how nice he had been.
Fred! He had given me his phone number. Maybe I could call him and see if he would be willing to drive me back to Fox Run.
It felt like all of my plans were finally falling into place. I walked faster and soon arrived home. No one was home yet, so the first thing I did was to take the pillowcase out of the cabinet in the garage and carry it into my bedroom. I took out the GPS device and the charger, the flashlights, and the ax, and set them on my bed. Then I took the items I’d bought at the grocery store and set them next to the other things. 
When I heard the garage door open and my family coming in the house, I unloaded my school stuff from the backpack and shoved in the items I’d laid out on my bed, then zipped it closed and put it in the closet.
 “Morgan,” Mom called up the stairs.
“Yeah?” 
“I need your help. Can you come down here please?”
“Okay.” I went downstairs to see what Mom wanted.
“How was your day?” Mom asked.
“Okay.” I paused. “What’s up?”
“Tonight is Back to School night at Zac and Brandon’s school, so we need to eat a little early. Can you start on dinner?”
“Oh. Okay.” This was the first time I’d been asked to make dinner and I had no idea what to make. “Did you have something in mind?”
Mom handed me a recipe. “We should have all the ingredients.”
Relieved that I wouldn’t have to wing it, I read the recipe and began to pull out the items I would need. Following the recipe was relatively easy and while I worked in the kitchen I was able to fantasize about how the next day would go. I would easily find the tunnel and then when I got to the hut I would hack my way through the walls. Then I would hurry home and it would be so wonderful to be back in my normal world.
But what if the timing was all wrong? What if I needed to wait until November? What might happen then? When I came out of the hut would I still be in this world? Or worse, would I be in another world altogether? 
Doubting now if my plan would work, I waffled on what to do. But then I decided I had to try. I couldn’t suffer through two more months of this place unless I knew I had no other choice. As I set dinner on the table, I tried to focus on the here and now.
“This turned out great, Morgan,” Mom said as we ate the casserole.
“Thanks.” 
“Can you make some cookies for dessert?” Brandon asked around his mouthful of food.
His mention of cookies brought back the memory of all that had happened at school and my joy in leaving was tempered by the humiliation that was still so fresh.
“Not tonight,” Mom said before I had a chance to respond.
“Why not?” he asked. “I like her cookies.”
Mom frowned as she glanced at me and I felt like she was silently accusing me of something, though I wasn’t sure what it was.
“I think we’ve had enough cookies for a while, son.” Mom turned her gaze to me and raised her eyebrows, then turned her focus back to her meal.
 I thought I understood her message—No more cookies, Morgan—though I didn’t understand what the big deal was. It didn’t matter anyway, now that I was planning on leaving.
After we finished eating, Mom told Amy she wanted her to clean up. 
“But it’s Morgan’s turn tonight,” Amy said, frowning.
“She made dinner,” Mom said, then turned to me. “Besides, I need to talk to her.”
My happiness at not having to clean up was quickly replaced by worry at the tone of Mom’s voice. “Okay.”
Amy sighed loudly. “Fine.”
“Morgan, let’s go up to my room.” Mom stood from the table.
My worry grew as I followed her up the stairs. What could this be about? Had she heard about my humiliation at school? 
Mom sat at the foot of her bed and patted the spot next to her. “Sit down, Morgan.”
I did as she asked, but didn’t say anything, waiting for her to take the lead. A look of sadness crept across her face and I felt my heart drop. Whether in this world or the one I had come from, I knew that look. Disappointment. I’d only seen that look on her face directed toward me one other time. 
It was before we’d moved to Fox Run. I’d been out with a group of kids from school—I wouldn’t exactly call them friends, but more like popular kids I wanted to fit in with—when we’d gone to a party. Some of the kids had been drinking. Well, let’s be honest—all of the kids were drinking. Wanting to be one of the group and against my better judgment, I’d accepted a drink that someone had handed to me. Even though I hadn’t really liked the taste, I kept sipping at it until it was gone. Somehow a full glass replaced the empty one in my hand and I worked on that one too. 
Next thing I knew, I was kneeling in front of the toilet, throwing my guts up. Eventually I was able to get up and stagger back out to the party. The group I’d come with had left. I was stranded and it was way past my curfew. I didn’t know anyone else at the party and it was too far from my house to walk, so I had to call home and have Dad pick me up.
He didn’t say anything to me as we drove home, but I could feel his disapproval as he glanced my way. I didn’t realize it at the time, but later he told me I reeked of alcohol. When Dad and I got home, Mom was sitting on the couch, patiently waiting for my arrival. As I walked in she stood and came toward me, a warm smile on her face.
“I’m so glad you’re okay,” she’d said. “I was so worried.”
But then she got close enough to get a whiff of me. The look of utter and complete disappointment that filled her face made me feel worse than I had ever felt in my life.
Now, as I sat next to her on her bed, that same look was clearly etched across her features. I couldn’t imagine what I had done to elicit that response. “What?” I finally asked, my need to know overwhelming my calm.
“Oh, Morgan. You know what.”
I shook my head, my mind jumping from one thought to another, trying to figure out what it could be.
“The cookies, Morgan. The cookies.”
Fresh confusion swept over me. The cookies? What was she talking about? Frustration replaced the disappointment. Obviously Mom thought I should know exactly what she was talking about. “I don’t understand,” I said.
She sighed and shook her head. “I got a call today. From your school.”
I still didn’t get it. Everyone had turned on me and she was upset about cookies? “Okay.”
“Is there something you want to tell me?”
How I wished I knew what I was supposed to be telling her. I certainly didn’t want to tell her something I didn’t need to. Oh yeah, Mom. The whole school thinks I’m a complete loser and that Connor hates me. Oh, and the one person I thought was my friend? Connor’s sister, Anne? Yeah, she turned on me too. I think it was just for show, but it seemed pretty real, so I’m not completely sure. Is that what I’m supposed to tell you? Oh, and by the way, tomorrow I’m going to head to our old house in Fox Run so I can try to cross through a wormhole to get back to the world I came from where being overweight isn’t a crime.  Instead I said, “No, not really.”
“Well, let me tell you then.” 
Her eyes kind of flashed when she said it, like she was livid, but at least I wouldn’t have to guess.
I nodded, wanting to get this over with.
“Evidently you were trying to distribute the cookies you made.”
Distribute. The way she said that word made alarm bells go off in my head. Like I had done something seriously wrong by offering my homemade cookies to the kids at school. Like I had been offering them a drug. “That was days ago.”
“Well, I got the call today.” She pursed her lips before going on. “You know you’re not allowed to bring stuff like that to school. And passing them out to other kids is even worse.”
I didn’t know what to say. It was so absurd.
“I let you make those cookies for that boy. Connor?”
I nodded.
“But I didn’t think I had to tell you not to take them to school.” She sighed. “Morgan, you know better.”
Actually, I didn’t. But I couldn’t tell her that as I obviously should have known.
“You’re no longer allowed to make cookies for that boy.”
I frowned. That wouldn’t be an issue because with any luck, which I had to admit was not in abundance, by this time tomorrow I would be basking in the glow of my family back in a normal world.
“Or for anyone else. Including us.”
That caught me off-guard. Not that it mattered now, but still. “Why not?”
“It just doesn’t look good for us. That’s all.”
To whom?  Though I wanted to ask, in this bizarre world there was no point in asking. Nothing made sense here. 
“Have I made myself clear?”
I nodded.
She smiled. The first time she’d done that since we’d walked into her room. “Good. Now I need to take your brothers to their open house. I expect you to be working on your homework while I’m gone.”
“Okay.” It didn’t matter that I had no intention of doing my homework. As long as I agreed, that was all that mattered. 
As soon as Mom and the boys left I went into the closet and took out the backpack. Amy was downstairs so I decided it was a good time to organize everything. I had to be ready by morning so that when Mom thought I was on my way to school, I could head to Fox Run instead.
Just as I was unzipping the backpack, the phone rang. I knew Amy would answer it, but I waited to take everything out of the backpack, just in case. It was a good thing I waited because a moment later Amy came into our room.
“I’m going over to Katrina’s house to work on our group assignment.”
“Who’s Katrina?” I remembered Amy telling me how she was having a hard time making friends.
“She’s new too. And she’s nice.”
I smiled at my sister, glad she was having better luck than I was in the social department. “Okay. I’ll let Mom know.”
“See ya.” She grabbed her backpack and left our room.
I watched her leave, then turned my attention to the backpack. I unloaded everything and set each item out on my bed. Then I put everything back in, making sure it all fit together. I tucked the backpack into the closet, then dug through my desk, looking for Fred’s phone number. I thought I had put it in the drawer, but now I didn’t see it.
The phone rang and I almost didn’t answer it, but then decided I should. What if it was Connor? It would be my only chance to say good-bye, although he wouldn’t know it was good-bye. I hurried into Mom’s room, but the cordless phone wasn’t in the cradle, so I raced down the stairs and picked up the phone before it stopped ringing. “Hello?”
“Morgan?”
It was Anne. When I heard her voice the day’s events rushed through my mind and I had a strong urge to hang up on her.
“Morgan, don’t hang up. Please.”
Obviously she’d been able to sense my mood. “What do you want, Anne?”
“Look, I’m sorry about what happened, okay?”
I didn’t respond. It’s true that at lunch she had given me a two-second warning that she was about to betray me, and I was pretty sure it was all for show, but the way everyone had reacted was one hundred percent real and so was my humiliation.
“It paid off, Morgan. That’s why I’m calling. To warn you.”
“Warn me? About what?”
“They’re coming, Morgan.”
Her words sent a jolt of adrenalin through me. “Who? Who’s coming?” 
“The Enforcers.”
I shook my head, confused. “Who?”
“You need to get out. Now.”
I had no idea what she was talking about, but the urgency in her voice was unmistakable. “I don’t understand.” Where was I supposed to go? Who was coming? What was happening?
“I just talked to Lori and she told me that her dad was sending the Enforcers to pick you up tonight. She said he gets a bonus if he finds people to take in.”
Just as I was beginning to process this information, loud pounding sounded on the front door.
“Is that them?” Anne asked, obviously hearing the noise.
My mouth went dry and I was unable to speak. What was happening?!
“Morgan Campbell,” a deep voice bellowed through the door. “We have a declaration.”
Chapter Twenty-Nine

I had heard the expression about people breaking out in a cold sweat, but I’d never experienced it until that moment. The blood drained from my face and goose bumps broke out on my skin. Sweat formed on my forehead and the phone slipped from my hand. I stared at the door, paralyzed with fear.
Suddenly the door opened. 
Amy must have left it unlocked when she left, I thought numbly as I watched two large men walk into my house like they owned it. For all I knew, they did. They wore dark green uniforms and appeared to be fully armed.
“Morgan Campbell,” the larger of the two said, like he already knew the answer.
I stared at him, unable to speak. Vaguely, I could hear Anne’s voice through the phone I’d dropped on the floor, screaming at me to run. My eyes met those of the man who had spoken to me.
“Answer me,” he demanded.
I managed to nod.
“You’ll need to come with us.” He stepped toward me, but didn’t touch me.
“What is this about?” I whispered.
The second man looked at a device in his hand before looking back at me, a sneer on his face. “Your declaration says you’re above your approved weight.” He glanced back at his device. “You’ve also been accused of distributing high calorie items to minors.”
The absurdness of my “crimes” swept over me, breaking the paralysis. My gaze darted to the left then to the right as I tried to figure out a path to freedom. The men watched me, seeming to expect an attempt to run. The smaller of the two men (though he was still quite large) walked past me and into the kitchen, blocking my path to the back door.
My heart pounded and adrenalin flooded my veins as I glanced at the front door, which stood open. Though I knew my chances of escape were low, I had to try. I dodged to the side, running behind the couch, attempting to get to the front door, but the men moved quickly and easily blocked me, the larger of the two grabbing my arm.
“Where do you think you’re going?” He seemed to enjoy this game.
I looked into his face, hoping to see kindness or something like it, but all I could see was the thrill of the hunt etched in his eyes and I knew there was no chance he and his partner would let me go. He smiled and dimples appeared on both cheeks.  
My gaze shot around the room, frantically looking for something that would help me get away. The phone caught my eye. I could still hear Anne’s voice, which helped me feel less alone, although I knew there was nothing she could do for me. The men evidently heard it too as the man clenching my arm motioned with his head for his partner to deal with the phone.
The second man picked up the phone and pressed a button, abruptly cutting off Anne’s voice. I was completely on my own. Knowing that no one would be coming to help me spurred me to act. I pulled my leg back and kicked the man holding onto my arm, but he hardly reacted. “Let me go,” I screamed, trying to yank my arm away. “I haven’t done anything!”
He calmly held on, obviously used to people resisting.
As I imagined people being dragged away from their homes on a daily basis, then pictured my own dad being forcibly hauled away by these people, a fresh burst of adrenalin surged through me and I began fighting as if my life depended on it. For all I knew my life did depend on it.
A moment later I felt something hard and cold jammed against my neck, then a powerful jolt of electricity raced through me. I slumped to ground, unable to move, and knew I’d been tasered. 
They zip-tied my hands behind my back and I was helpless to stop them.
“Let’s get out of here,” Dimples said to his partner.
They each grabbed one of my upper arms and dragged me through the front door and out to their vehicle. They tossed me in the backseat like an old suitcase, slammed the door shut and climbed into the front seats. A moment later we pulled away from my house. I had landed in an awkward position on my side, my face pressed into the seat back.
Pure terror filled my every nerve. I had no clue where they were taking me or what was going to happen next. Mom would have no idea where I was or what had happened. I could only hope Anne would tell her or someone would notify her. Did they even do that or did they just take your family members and not tell anyone? Did they care that your family would be worried about you? I doubted it.
What would this do to Mom? Not just emotionally, but financially? Was I going to be taken to a F.A.T. center like Dad? How would Amy and the boys react? Though I couldn’t move, tears filled my eyes and slowly tracked down my cheeks.
After a few minutes I tried to move my legs and found that I could. Though my hands were bound behind my back, I was able to move my fingers. I managed to turn my head so that I could see the pair of Enforcers sitting in the front seat. Metal bars separated us. I tilted my head to look at the door nearest me to see if there was a way to open it, but it didn’t have a handle or a way to open the window. I assumed the other door was the same, though I couldn’t get a look from where I lay. Obviously they didn’t want their prisoners escaping.
I’m a prisoner. The realization stunned me. Not only had I never imagined I’d be a prisoner, but being taken away for the crime of being a few pounds overweight as well as sharing my cookies with classmates? The idea was the most ridiculous thing I could have imagined. But what I had just experienced was all too real. Much worse than what had happened at school.
As I replayed what had happened this evening, I thought about my conversation with Anne. She’d said Lori had told her that her dad was sending the Enforcers to pick me up. How would Lori know that? Why would her dad tell her? Did he tell her anytime he was going to haul away one of her classmates? Or could this have happened because Lori convinced her dad to make it happen? She hated me. That much I was sure of. And Connor had told me that she could be a bully to people she didn’t like.
I pictured Lori’s face and felt a white-hot hatred like I had never felt before. But what did it matter? Knowing who had instigated this didn’t change the fact that I was now in the custody of the Enforcers and that I was going to some unknown place. I had to forget about Lori and instead focus on my situation. I needed to stay calm and figure out a way to escape. 
I had been so close to leaving—hours away. Now nothing was certain. Except the fact that I was a prisoner. As I considered the real possibility that I might not be able to get to the hut at the right time, panic swelled within me and I felt myself start to hyperventilate. My arms became stiff as the lack of oxygen prevented my muscles from working properly.
“What’s going on back there?” one of the Enforcers asked through the metal bars.
“I can’t breathe,” I whispered.
“She’ll be fine,” Dimples said. 
“What if she passes out?” the other Enforcer asked.
“So what? Then she’ll settle down.”
I didn’t want to pass out. It was critical that I stay awake and aware. I forced myself to breathe slowly and my arms eventually began to tingle as the oxygen in my blood stabilized, then the tingling stopped and my arms felt normal. The car began to slow and a moment later we went over a small bump, then the car stopped.
“You awake back there?” one of the men asked.
I didn’t answer, wondering if I could pretend to be passed out and then somehow break free when they least expected it. A moment later they opened the rear door near my feet. One of them grabbed my ankles and began pulling me toward the open door. I held perfectly still and kept my eyes squeezed shut. I tried to keep my breathing even so they’d believe I was unconscious. As he pulled me, I slid across the seat and closer to freedom. At least that’s what I tried to tell myself to keep the panic at bay.
One of the enforcers laughed. “Look at that. She really did pass out.”
“It happens,” Dimples replied. “Let’s get her to processing.”
Then I heard a cell phone ring and heard Dimples answer it. The sound of his voice got quieter and I could tell he was walking away.
The other Enforcer continued sliding me out of the car. When my feet touched the pavement, he grabbed me by the upper arms and began to pull me upright. I let my head fall back and I cracked my eyes open just enough to make out his shape. 
“Come help me here,” the Enforcer holding onto my arms said over his shoulder.
I opened my eyes more and saw Dimples talking on a phone about twenty feet away. The Enforcer in front of me was straddling my legs and looking at his partner. I reacted on instinct. I opened my eyes completely and drove my knee upward, nailing him between his legs. He released my arms as he crumpled to the ground, holding himself.
I leapt to my feet and raced away in the opposite direction of where Dimples stood. With my hands bound behind my back I found I had trouble running as fast as I did in track, but pumped my legs as hard as I could. I had no idea where I should go and though there were some lights in the area, it was still pretty dark.
When I saw the road we’d driven in on, hope blossomed inside me and I ran in that direction, crossing a grassy field. A moment later the hope became despair when one of the Enforcers body-slammed me to the ground, knocking the wind out of me. Without my hands to break my fall, my face took the brunt of the impact. Even though I fell on grass, my cheek scraped across the ground, my lip split open, and my teeth clamped down on my tongue filling my mouth with the metallic taste of blood. 
“Not a good idea to try to run,” Dimples growled in my ear. 
I couldn’t respond since all the air had left my lungs. Desperately trying to drag oxygen into my lungs, I thrashed around, but it was impossible with his weight on top of me. I felt him move and a moment later an excruciating jolt of electricity blew threw me, 
At that moment I wanted to die. I thought I was dying. I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t move. I had no idea where I was or what was going to happen to me. If I’d been able to draw any breath into my lungs I would have sobbed.
The Enforcer finally rolled off of me and I felt air beginning to fill my starved lungs. I gasped, frantic to be able to breathe normally.
“You’re just making things harder than they have to be,” he said as though he was repeating a line he had used many times before.
Ignoring him, I focused on my body, knowing that feeling would come back again soon—at least it had in the car earlier.
“What took you so long, Hansen?” Dimples said to his partner.
I heard the other Enforcer swearing loudly, his expletives focused on me. Though I was happy I’d hurt him, I was worried about what he might do to me in return.
“Calm down,” Dimples said. “You’ll be fine. Besides, it’s your own fault for giving her an opening. How many times have I told you to never take your eyes off the prisoner?”
There it was again—me being called a prisoner. I was still having a hard time wrapping my mind around the idea. 
“I thought she was unconscious,” Hansen said.
“Well, you thought wrong.”
I could feel them both staring at me, though my back was to them. Completely helpless, I tried to brace myself to be kicked or beaten or something to get me back for kneeing Hansen in his groin, but nothing happened.
“Are we gonna drag her in?” Hansen asked.
“Nah. She’s going to cooperate.” Dimples walked around so he could see my face. “Aren’t you?”
My eyes moved upward to meet his gaze, but I didn’t respond, too frightened to speak. Feeling was beginning to return to my limbs so I knew I’d be forced to get up and walk soon.
Maybe I should just do what they say, I thought. Maybe I am making this worse than it needs to be.
Wiggling my fingers, I tested my ability to move. 
Dimples glanced at his watch. “You should be coming out of it now, Morgan.”
I didn’t like him using my name—as if he was a friend of mine or something. The idea repulsed me.
“Grab her arm, Hansen.”
They each grabbed one of my upper arms and hoisted me to my feet. My legs felt heavy and I found it difficult to take a step, like trying to walk in a pool.
“Let’s go,” Dimples said, pulling me forward.
They both gripped my arms, making it impossible for me to get away. My cheek throbbed and I could taste blood. My mouth felt fat and swollen and my tongue hurt where I’d bit it, but there was nothing I could do about it.
As we walked, I regained full feeling in my legs, which was a relief. A short time later we reached a door and the pair of Enforcers led me through it.
My chest tightened as we crossed the threshold and I knew, deep within my gut, that my life would never be the same.

###
The second book in the Parallel Trilogy, Imprisoned, is now available.

If you would like to be notified when a new book by Christine Kersey comes out, click on this link to go to Christine’s blog, then enter your email address in the top right corner to follow Christine’s blog.

Also by Christine Kersey
Suspicions
No Way Out
He Loves Me Not (Lily’s Story, Book 1)
Don’t Look Back (Lily’s Story, Book 2)
Over You
Imprisoned (Parallel Trilogy, Book 2)
Hunted (Parallel Trilogy, Book 3)






Mercy

By

C. C. Marks

This is a work of fiction. names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.

Mercy
COPYRIGHT 2012 by C. C. Marks

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author or except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.

Published in the United States of America by C. C. Marks at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
Charlie’s true identity is a secret, but her very presence places everyone around her in danger. With no other choice but to remain where she is, she stays with a community that might not be as benevolent as it appears. In this riveting scene from a post-apocalyptic romance where a friend might be an enemy and an enemy might be a friend, eighteen-year-old Charlie must protect her baby sister and herself from grotesque monsters outside the community as well as human ones inside. Will the truth she discovers about her protectors save her or ultimately doom her to a fate worse than death?
Chapter 1

I snapped my head up hard. I’d heard a sharp break of a twig just inside the trees. There was nothing living left in the forest, so my mind automatically thought of the only other possibility--Draghoul. Why would they be out in sunlight though?
A quick glance at the sky and I was reassured that the heat I felt on my skin was a bright, hot sun that the Draghoul wouldn’t dare venture into. Not when the sun was detrimental to their survival. 
A Draghoul was already dead, at least in the mind. Though his or her body continued to function, they weren’t the same as when they’d lived. You had to kill them again by removing their head or in some way destroying the brain. It was called re-killing them, and they were described as re-dead or re-killed. 
I’d seen re-dead ones lying in the sunlight after their heads had been chopped off. In the sun, their skin melted from their bones like wax from a candle, seeming to speed up the decomposition process until there was little left besides bones and what little clothes they’d retained on their bodies. It wasn’t a pretty sight.
I turned my head back toward the forest as I heard another snap. Zeke looked up this time.
“Did you hear that?”
I nodded.
He stepped out of the field and toward the tree line, and I grabbed at the back of his shirt. If it were Draghoul, and they’d somehow found a way to come out into the sunlight, we should warn the others, not go chasing after them ourselves. It could be a trap.
“Where are you going?
“There’s someone in there.”
“What if it’s a Draghoul?”
His expression when he turned wasn’t entirely dismissive of the idea. He’d obviously thought the same, at least for a moment, but he shook his head and continued toward the tree line.
“Can’t be Draghoul. The sun’s out.”
I snagged his shirt again. “But if you don’t know what it is, let’s get a few others. I don’t want to go in there, just the two of us.”
He waved his hand at me, his way of dismissing my concerns.
“Come on. You’re as much a baby as your sister. It’s probably just Thomas or somebody, playing a trick.”
He could be right. That sounded more logical than a group of bloodthirsty Draghoul out in the daytime, but I still wasn’t entirely convinced going in alone was the right thing to do. I’d made up my mind, I wasn’t going in, no matter what.
“Thomas doesn’t play pranks, and the guys who do are all working. I can see them.”
“Yeah, well, I’m telling you, I heard something, and I’m going to see what it was.”
He charged through the tree line, into the forest, and despite my resolve, I stepped in after him. Zeke and everyone else in the community assumed I was a boy. My sister’s and my life depended on it. Even when it went against everything in me to do it, I had to prove myself a man constantly, and never give them a reason to doubt who I was. I didn’t have any other choice but to follow him. Otherwise, Zeke might begin watching me closely like his cousin Thomas, who I was sure suspected something.
We headed straight at first, but heard a sound to our right, turned, and began to pace quickly in that direction. After a few moments, I began to lose my nerve and turned back to make sure I could still see the field behind us. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught the movement of a shadow, racing through the trees, running in the opposite direction. Without thinking, I rushed forward with a small squeak and crashed into Zeke’s back, clinging in desperation to his large frame.
“What the…”
He turned and scraped me off his back, setting me away as I worked to scramble back to him.
“Charlie, calm down, son. It was probably just a critter of some sort. Maybe we’ll find more meat.”
I shook my head up and down vigorously but kept throwing glances over my shoulders, sure whoever or whatever I saw would sneak up and attack at any moment.
“Sorry. I saw someone or something running back there. Got scared.”
My breath came too quickly into my lungs, and I began to cough to try to get it even again. 
Zeke pounded my back a few times, probably cracked a rib or two, but I got myself under control enough to say, “Can we, please, get out of here?”
His mouth twisted into a grim expression, but he seemed to relent. “Come on, mousie. Let’s get you back to the field before you piss your pants.”
We turned and began to walk back toward the field, when out of the brush, stepped an elderly woman, thin as the pines around us, trudging wearily, wearing a dingy, mud-stained pair of jeans and a possibly once-blue sweatshirt with large lettering on the front. She had her head down, a mass of gray hair, full of twigs and grass, covering her face. She wasn’t making a noise, but I could tell by the heaves of her body as she hugged her arms around her mid-section, she was crying as silently as she could.
Both still as the trees around us, neither Zeke nor I made a noise to alert her to our presence. If she was newly infected, it was possible she was turning and might attack the closest living thing in range. All it would take was a scratch, and we’d be Draghoul-bound.
I began to inch back toward the field and pulled on Zeke’s arm, hoping he’d follow. Instead, he took a step toward her.
“Hello. Can we help you?”
Her head turned with a slow precision, as if she couldn’t quite believe someone had spoken here. She stared at us for what seemed like ages, and then began sprinting toward us at a hobbled, but speedy pace.
“Oh, thank goodness. You’re alive, aren’t you? Real, living people?”
My legs cramped with a need to run away, but something about her made me stay, even as I saw Zeke reach for a whip-like branch lying on the ground to his right.
She stopped a few feet from us, a grin stretched across her wrinkled cheeks. “I didn’t think I’d ever find another living soul. Are you two alone, or do you have a family?”
“We live nearby in a fortified building that used to be a hospital.”
I wanted to kick Zeke for revealing so much information. I still thought about that shadow. This woman was too frail to run through the forest. Surely, she couldn’t move as fast as that person was going, but that meant there were others out here. Possibly she wasn’t alone and this was a trap of a different kind.
I darted a look here and there, to catch any movements. Nothing moved at all.
We’d heard stories of other communities taken over by passing bands of wild and immoral people. The communities were mistreated and abused then given over to the Draghoul while the invaders raided the food and supplies. What if the woman was just a decoy to get us to let our guard down?
I was about to grab Zeke by his elbow and drag him back toward the field, back toward the safety of numbers, but he shook my hand free and stepped toward the woman instead. His impulsivity would get us all killed. How could he not be thinking this was a trap?
“I came from a buried bunker several miles from here. I’m the only survivor from my family.” Tears fell from her eyes. It seemed heartfelt as she continued, “I ate my last stores two days ago. I need help.”
Her words softened my harsh resolve. The situation she’d described was my own, except I’d had my mom and unborn sister’s safety to worry about then, too. It was possible she was just a single, lonely woman lost in The Dead Forest, trying to find safety, just like I was six months ago before I found my way here. I’d be a hypocrite to turn her away.
These were the moments when, instead of an emotional heart, I wished I had a cold, logical mind to make decisions. No matter how hard I tried though, I knew I couldn’t turn away anyone in need, especially when I’d been through the same.
“Come on. Come with us. We’ll keep you safe.”
Zeke’s eyes widened, and he turned his gaze to give a meaningful look. Though he was more than likely willing to do the same, he probably thought I was borrowing trouble by offering safety. After all, he’d been before the Council, had served on nightwatch duty as a consequence for doing this very thing, only it had been for my mother and me then.
Yet, her shoulders sagged with relief, and she agreed with a firm nod.
“Wait!” Zeke’s voice rang out with force. “Show us your arms, legs, head and neck area.”
I knew he wanted to see for himself whether she bore any bites or scratches. The same had been required of me before the Council. Dutifully, she lifted each sleeve, rolled up each pant-leg, and pulled her collar as far as she could, lifting her hair to show her skin was clear of the damning marks. He turned to me and ran his hand over the back of his neck, almost like he’d hoped to find something and was disappointed rather than satisfied she wasn’t infected.
Zeke and I motioned her forward and began trekking back toward the field. I continued to scan the forest, just in case we’d fallen for a clever plan of attack, but just as before, nothing made a noise because there was nothing left to make noise.
In a low whisper, Zeke leaned over and asked, “Do you know what you’re doing?”
“Helping someone in need,” I answered, just as hushed.
“The Council will see it differently.”
Not for the first time, my resentment for the Council bubbled up, and I clenched my jaw at the thought of the Council sitting in their comfortable quarters, waiting for their meals, and making life and death decisions like I chose clothes to wear to school years ago. Insulated and protected as they were, they hadn’t had to fear for their lives in a long time. Perhaps too long a time had gone by since they’d even heard Draghoul screams close by. They forgot how terrifying a world it was for the unprotected.
We broke the tree line and walked around the field where a group of workers gathered, drinking water and talking. At our approach, the conversation died, and the men’s gazes turned toward us, focused on the slow amble of the woman.
Their voices carried, but their words weren’t meant for us.
“Is that what I think it is?”
“Who is that?”
Nick Stone, one of the senior guards stepped out of the group, his eyes more alarmed than concerned. “Zeke, what have you done?”
What had we done? From the reactions, I thought we’d committed the ultimate sin. Sure, the woman behind us was a complete stranger and could carry the infection, but she asked for our help, and the decent thing to do was to offer her shelter until a reason not to surfaced.
“We did a quick check. She doesn’t have any bites or scratches. She’s just a woman by herself. Says her family’s all succumbed to the infection, she’s starving and needs help.”
The senior guard grunted. “And where did she get the idea we’d help her? Did you offer it up again, Zeke? Even after what happened last time?”
My gaze flew to Zeke’s profile. His jaw was clenched like a fist. Now I knew Nick spoke of Zeke’s consequence for helping me.
At the time, I’d known the Council called him before them. I hadn’t realized they’d given him nightwatch, too. 
“It was my idea. I said we could help her, the way you helped me.”
They stared at me in silence, their eyes scrunched in confusion and horror as if I’d explained everyone had to sleep in the forest tonight. What was the big deal? Was it wrong to help someone?
“Then, you can be the one to explain it to the Council.”
“I was there too. He didn’t do it alone.” Zeke’s gritted admission didn’t sound happy.
“You can both talk to the Council. Doesn’t matter to me.” He turned to the group, waved his hand above his head, and let out a piercing whistle. “Let’s go! Day’s work is done.”
His focus zeroed in on the woman behind us. “Take her to the holding cells until she’s cleared of infection.” His gaze shifted to me as he continued, “You two, report to council chambers immediately. Don’t get something to eat, don’t clean up, don’t even relieve yourself. They’ll want to see you right away.”
Every muscle in my body tightened. No doubt about it, I’d splatted right into a pile of goat crap this time.
Chapter 2

“Tell us again, boys. Why did you bring the woman back to the fields?”
I swallowed hard. Zeke and I stood in front of a half-moon, wooden table in the center of an otherwise unremarkable room. I glanced around the white walls and beige carpet. It had obviously once been a large office of some kind, but I hadn’t been inside this room for months. At the start of the year, I’d been summoned right after my sister was born, and my mother had died. The Council had to decide what to do with me. At the time, I hadn’t really paid attention to my surroundings, too focused on my fate instead. As I looked around now, it occurred to me I’d expected the Council to live a little more rockstar. I mean, for as much special attention as they got, they didn’t live lavishly. It wasn’t at all fit for an elitist group, and as I looked at their emotionless faces, I felt a little bit thrown off. 
Every nerve in my body stood on edge as I clasped my shaking hands in front of me and spoke, “At first, I was going to do it. I was going to turn her away. I figured she was probably part of a band of traveling criminals, using her as bait to flush out any small communities, but just look at her once. When you see her, you’ll see she’s practically starved and wasted away to nothing. It’s obvious she’s not being fed and kept by anyone. She needed help.” With a determination I didn’t really feel, I squared my shoulders and said, “I told her we would help her.”
Zeke pushed me backwards. “If he didn’t, I would have. I had the same idea. Charlie just beat me to it. Besides, I’m the one who should know better. You warned me before. I’ll take all consequences.”
“No. I’ll take the punishment. Zeke tried to warn me.”
The faces of the five council-men grew more uncomfortable, grimmer. The wrinkles framing their eyes deepened right before my own. They looked so worn and weary. Just plain tired. I didn’t know what I’d expected, but I so rarely caught a glimpse of these men. They seldom ventured out of chambers. For the first time, I saw the individuals of the Council as more than a pathetic, narrow-minded group of fat, old men telling us all how we had to live. Sure, they were bombastic and pale as corn silk, but they weren’t fat. Not a single one looked like he ate more than one meal a day. And exhausted, they all looked like they hadn’t slept peacefully…ever. I didn’t want to think of them as anything more than the men who made my life harder each day, but maybe there was more to being a member of the Council than I knew.
Peter’s father, Jonas, was head of the Council and spoke for them all. Yet the members around the table often leaned away from him and whispered in hushed tones. I couldn’t help but wonder how cohesive this group actually was.
Thomas’s father leaned over and whispered to Jonas. Jonas nodded, but his grim expression never changed.
“We will deliberate and call you back with a decision as to your consequence.”
“And, the woman?” I was overstepping my bounds. Their narrowed eyes told me as much.
“Leave that to us. It is none of your concern now,” an elderly, bald man on the end explained. Joseph was the oldest member of the community. He had no family remaining and was not the most pleasant person to talk to. But I wasn’t put off by his hateful tone. Not when they were about to make a decision whether the woman lived or died. Every life should matter, even a stranger.
“But, she needs us. She’s all alone.”
Thomas’s father stood, leaning his hands on the table. “We’ll hold a trial here, but the decision will be made logically. It’s out of your hands, Charlie. It’s best you never mention her again.” His voice was gentle, but his stern expression made it clear, he expected nothing less than complete compliance.
A glance at the remaining two council members revealed a stone wall of faces. Jacob Mills was slightly younger than Joseph, and just as stodgy. Gregory Moore, in his late twenties and the youngest member of the Council, was the only one who showed the slightest softening around his mouth and eyes, but his gaze shifted down to the tabletop, and I knew he’d vote with the majority.
I gave a shaky nod and felt Zeke’s hand pull me by the elbow toward the exit.
Once we were outside the closed door of the chamber, Zeke released a heavy breath, as if he hadn’t dared breathe normally the whole time we were inside. That threw me off a little. I’d always suspected Zeke wasn’t as brave as he made himself out to be, but to actually witness his anxiety in front of the Council, my heart sunk to my knees. I must have messed up big-time.
“Stay here. I’ve got to find Thomas.”
“Why? Will he talk to his father about the woman?”
“Trust me. I’ll take care of everything.” Zeke started down the hall, toward the upper areas, leaving me alone to watch him walk away.
Even as Zeke sprinted in the opposite direction, I wasn’t alone. The two guards, John and Levi, who I’d brought plates of food to days ago, stood at attention beside the chamber doors. Usually when I passed this way, they distracted me with empty conversation. Life down here was pretty dull. Yet, as I approached, they ignored me. My punishment might as well start now.
With resignation, I slid down the opposite wall at the opposite end of the hall, until my rump rested on the floor. Might as well be as low as my chances of a painless consequence.
What would happen to me now? Best case scenario--I had to clean toilets for a few weeks on top of my usual evening chores. Worst case scenario--I was escorted out of the community at dusk into waiting claws and ripped apart. Though I wouldn’t like either one, I could literally live with a few dirty toilets. The other was unthinkable, but still possible.
My attention wandered down a dark corridor a little to my left, where the hallway took a sharp turn away from the council chambers and away from the direction I usually followed to Star’s room. I’d never been that way, never wanted to go that way. We were warned that wandering away from the main areas could be dangerous. Many sections of the former hospital where we lived were closed off, inaccessible because at one time, the place was overrun by former patients who’d been infected. A few brave souls re-killed them, or at least that was the story Zeke gave me. I didn’t doubt some could have survived.
Yet, as I stared into the blackness of an unknown path, I thought I heard a quick low shuffle, like booted-feet moving over concrete floors.
I waited for someone to emerge, but after a few expectant moments, no one appeared. A quick glance at the guards showed no change. Obviously, they either hadn’t heard or didn’t care. They were, once again, ignoring me completely.
A wild thought occurred. I could sneak down the corridor and see for myself what made the noise. If it were a Draghoul loose in the building, I might be able to warn the others before it attacked. Maybe then they would think twice before sending me outside the walls. If I saved lives, my worth in the community might rise.
Of course, if something were there, I could die before I got the chance to warn anyone. The Draghoul were fast and quiet when they wanted to be. They were excellent hunters. I knew that firsthand. 
I rubbed a hand over the back of my aching neck and shoulders. It was highly possible, I was dead anyway. My fate here was precarious most days. All the more reason to at least take a chance.
I inched my way to a standing position, keeping an eye on the guards. They were talking and laughing over something one was holding out to the other. Just as I expected, they didn’t even glance up as I stepped into the dark corridor and moved out of sight.
Almost immediately, the thought that I’d made a massive mistake crashed over me. I’d left my flashlight in Quillen’s room last time I was there. Just inches ahead of me was completely blacked out, and I moved forward at a pace to match the speed of growing crops. Inch by inch, I felt my way along the wall, listening for sounds of life, or walking death, or whatever you called it.
This was stupid. Why was I pushing myself into almost certain danger? What was I trying to prove?
I’d just about made the decision to turn around and head back to the safety of the light behind me when I spotted a pinprick of light ahead of me to the left. Where there was light around here, there was probably life.
With a little more purpose than before, I carefully made my way toward the light, sliding over broken pieces of the floor.  The dark hindered my progress, but my confidence grew as I closed in, and soon I could see a door cracked open just enough to allow a small thread of light to spill out.
Cautiously, I opened the door, the muscles in my legs twitching with an urgency to run if necessary. Once the door swung free, I eased inside and my gaze slowly drifted to every corner.
The space overflowed with personal items. No one living or dead stirred inside the room. On a table to the right of the door, a lamp stood, emitting the light that had drawn me. Beside it was a rumpled bed that could sleep at least two, maybe more, but I hadn’t seen a bed like that since I was a child. The blankets were wadded up and falling over the side of the bed, as if the owner had only just crawled out from under them. Did someone in the community stay here? At the foot of the bed, a trunk sat on its side, flung open, the contents spilled and scattered over the floor.
My curiosity got the better of me, and I stepped toward the items laid out everywhere around the wooden trunk. With a glance, I noticed something was off that I couldn’t quite grasp, but the various pieces lying in the floor seemed wrong somehow.
As I got closer, the reason became clear. The items were feminine, for a woman, and my confusion was understandable since no women still resided here. At least that I knew of. Star was the only known girl, so who did these things belong to? Was there another girl hiding in boy’s clothes? Maybe I wasn’t as alone as I thought.
I sunk down to my knees and ran my hands over the items spread out on the floor. Inquisitiveness pushing at me, I picked up a gold chain that slid through my fingers like sand, and as I lifted it, an oval pendant swung around and tangled around my wrist. With my other hand, I grasped it and raised it to have a closer look. Thick and weighty for a necklace, I noticed a hinged clasp on the outer portion of the oval. It was a locket.
Though I chewed my fingernails practically to the quick, what little I had left, I used to pry the clasp free and open the locket wide. A small picture of a smiling girl looked back at me from one side and the face of a tiny boy from the other. Both faces seemed familiar, but I hadn’t seen either one that I knew of. I supposed the boy could be one of the men from the community, grown and hardly recognizable now.
I closed it and carefully placed it about where it had lain before. It felt strange snooping through someone else’s private belongings, and seeing the smiling faces in the pictures, I expected an angry accuser to round the corner into the room at any moment, catching me nosing through his…or her…stuff. I knew I should probably leave before whoever lived here returned, but then my gaze fell on a couple curious objects.
A bright purple brush with dark hair still wrapped around the long, thin plastic bristles stood out, and a tubular appliance, metallic on one side and plastic on the other--a curling iron--like the one my mother used caught my attention. A winding cord that ended in two prongs for a socket lay on the floor, and my hands itched to find someplace to put that plug. If the lamp worked, more than likely there was an electric current running through this room. We were told the electrical outlets were all useless, to avoid them. Obviously, if the lamp were any indicator, the electricity ran throughout the building, not just through the shockwall--the electrified fence surrounding our building, keeping the Draghoul out at night.
My hand tight around the appliance, I crawled toward the table with the lamp on it. With purpose, I lifted the cloth covering the table, moving it out of the way and spotted my quarry. My hand shook as I lined up the metal prongs and the holes in the wall. I hadn’t used a wall outlet since I was barely a teen.
I felt the prongs slide into place and jerked my hand away, afraid the current might escape the outlet, and I’d feel its power in reality. My breath sawed in and out rapidly with excitement. The button on the plastic part of the appliance gave with a slight click as I pushed it, and a light glowed red.
I knew enough to hold the plastic end, and within seconds, I felt it begin to heat up. Electricity clearly flowed through the walls of the whole building.
A laugh escaped my lips and fell into the silence of the room. I looked around guiltily, expecting someone to finally jump out and yell at me for pilfering through his…or her…belongings. Yet, the room remained quiet, and I relaxed again.
Before the appliance got too hot, I clicked the button again and the red light switched off. I carefully laid it on top of the cloth-covered table. Probably wasn’t the best place to leave it, so I knew I’d have to remember to put it back near the trunk when it cooled completely.
I made my way back to the trunk. Colorful dresses and flowery shirts were still neatly folded but had fallen over on the floor. A few books with life-like photographs of men and women on the cover also lay scattered around the area. I stood in awe of what I’d found. These items proved, at least at one time, women had lived here in the community. What happened to them? Were some still here? Hidden in the depths of the building?
My gaze caught on the red-checked cover of a book under the others. It looked oddly out of place. I stooped down and pulled it free, opening it to somewhere in the middle where hand-written page after hand-written page flowed in a loopy script I hadn’t seen in a very long time.
How do you know when a boy likes you? Every time our eyes meet, my belly flips-flops, and I wonder if he feels the same. I tried to ask my mother about it, but she just said, “Cassie, these are not the days to worry about such nonsense.” I can’t ask my father or brother, not that I’d want to, but…
I flipped a few more pages.
The attacks are getting worse. I don’t know how much longer our defenses will hold. I can tell mother is scared, even though she’s trying to stay strong for Vic and me. Something has to be done. The Council is discussing the situation behind closed doors, and I’m afraid I know what their solution will be.
A noise outside the room brought me back to reality. Someone in a hallway close by was whistling. I tucked the book under my arm and, still on my hands and knees, carefully looked around the door frame, but it was completely dark. I couldn’t see anyone or anything.
I stood and slipped into the darkness and found the shadows, eased back toward where I remembered the end of the hallway being, but as I turned a corner, I could hear someone approaching me. I couldn’t see my hand in front of me, but I could hear the footsteps in the dark to my right. Apparently, he didn’t have a light either, but his carefree whistle and easy pace showed he’d walked this path before.
Aware that I didn’t know if it was a member of the community or someone who posed a danger, I did my best to slow my erratic breathing and hold completely still. As if it would help, I pushed myself into the wall as much as I could and closed my eyes.
I held my breath when the person walked by me, just a few feet away. Whoever it was passed without noticing me, and as soon as I felt alone again, I inched back until I could peek around the corner and catch a glimpse of whoever was moving around down here. As he stepped into the scant light slipping from the room from which I’d just exited, he turned, and I saw his face. I’d always pictured the Council keeping Victor in a large, cushioned room, so he couldn’t hurt himself or others. When we saw him, I actually assumed he’d somehow slipped his guards. But, I could see clearly he came and went as easily as anyone else in the community. Was this the Vic from the journal? It had to be. The journal still made little sense, and I had to wonder about the contents of the tipped-over trunk. They obviously didn’t belong to him, but then who did they belong to? 
The journal under my arm held the answers, I was sure. 
I slowly made my way through previous turns, back toward the hallway with the guards, who still ignored me as I stepped into the light. Probably hadn’t even notice I’d gone.
The weight of the book felt heavy under my arm. Impatience to read more from the journal knocked at my brain. It would surely clear up questions, but I was certain I’d get in trouble for simply possessing it. What would I tell the Council this time? It’s mine. I brought it with me when I came here. Just a few lines from it would prove that was a lie. 
Who did it belong to? The owner of the journal could announce my lie before the Council even opened it to see the words. Would it be missed? Would the community be called on to search for it?
I felt like I had Draghoul venom under my arm. It’d been stupid to take it. Somehow I needed to get the book back to that room, and I had to do it before whoever lived there noticed it was missing. Suddenly, my stomach churned. I felt like I was going to be sick. I hadn’t left everything where I’d found it. The curling iron had still been on the table beside the bed when I’d hurried out of the room.
It was bad to bring a stranger into the community, but it was worse to steal from a community member. Both of these together would mean certain expulsion from the community. I was as good as Draghoul food.
Chapter 3

Several tense minutes passed as I waited in the hallway. My head ached when I glanced at the guards at the other end. What should I do? The book had to go--right now, but I couldn’t chance bumping into the owner. Maybe I could drop it in one of the dark hallways, just leave it. Even if it were found, no one would know who put it there. My mind made up, I crossed the hall, determined to enter the darkness once again.
“Charlie, the Council’s ready for you again.”
I stopped and turned toward the guards and Jonas between them, his stern eyes zeroed in on me. For a moment, I froze, not sure whether I should still make a break for the hallway to dump the stupid book before anyone discovered I had it. Yet, I knew the guards would chase me and then it would be obvious I’d done something wrong. Once they found the book, there’d be no denying I’d been the one who’d dropped it.
Hesitantly, I stepped toward the council member, the book under my arm burning with a dooming awareness. One false move and everything I’d done to protect Star and me would be for nothing. I had to stand before the Council while they pronounced my consequence for disobeying the rules, all the while holding an item certainly forbidden to possess, blatantly breaking their rules right in front of them.
My walk into the Council chambers felt like the longest walk I’d ever taken. I felt their eyes boring into me as I approached the council table. Beside me, one of the guards touched my elbow and I jerked slightly. Ugh! Would my odd reaction give me away? Maybe they’d believe I was nervous. At any rate, I needed to calm myself down before they got suspicious.
As I made my way to the center of the room, I noticed Zeke already there, his head bowed low. Had they brought him in through another entrance? I hadn’t seen him walk in at all.
Once I stood beside Zeke, Jonas rose from his seat and stared, emotionless. “Ezekiel Harris, Charles Little, you have both admitted guilt in breaking our rule of allowing an outsider into the community. The Council has discussed the matter and determined that your consequence will be one week of nightwatch.”
My breath escaped me in a rush, and the book under my arm nearly slipped free. I caught it before it could fall at my feet and doom me further. Nightwatch? It wasn’t putting me outside the wall, but it was the next worst thing. For one week, Zeke and I would be in charge of turning on the power for the shockwall, the electric fence surrounding the building and grounds, and rushing to the one tower with a trapdoor into a tunnel, leading to the safety of the sanctuary. If my timing was off, even a little bit, I might find myself outside the building after sunset, face-to-face with a vicious Draghoul. 
“You begin in half an hour. Report to the front door at that time. You may go.”
Dismissed. We’ve decided to put your life in danger to make up for your mistake. Now go away. At least that’s what I heard. I scanned the reaction of the council members. All were gazing at the table or their hands. Only Jonas and Noah, Zeke’s uncle, actually made eye contact. It was almost as if we were nothing more than a nuisance in their routine. The sooner we were gone, the better.
I turned to go, and Zeke did the same, but before we could speed through the door, Jonas spoke to the guards, “Bring the woman.”
I swiveled my head around and watched as another door opened. The woman was brought through with a guard on each side. Wide eyes, tight lips, tense muscles, her fear was etched on every inch of her face and body, and it was my fault.
One thing was clear to me though. If I hadn’t brought her here, she would have been dead tonight anyway. At least here there was always a chance the community would save her--like they did me.
Zeke pulled me the rest of the way through the door and led me past the guards, toward the dining hall. But before we could climb the stairs, he pulled me down another hallway where I’d never gone. We raced around, moving back in the direction of the council room but down a hallway that swung around behind it.
His hand tightened around my elbow, and with an ease that told me he’d done this before, he eased open a sliding panel the size of a door that I would never notice no matter how many times I passed it. He slipped inside, and after only a moment’s hesitation, I slid in after him.
Inside, the room was tiny, barely large enough for the two of us, but I knew why he’d brought me here. Though I hadn’t known where to find it, I knew the room existed. It was a secret room where we could hear the Council’s decision about the woman.
Escape hatches and secret rooms were necessary to our way of life. They were installed everywhere I accessed in and even outside of the community. They were throughout the building, in the forest in various places surrounding the outer wall. There were even underground tunnels leading from the planting fields to an escape hatch built in the ground below the back of the outer wall. When you had to get gone at a moment's notice, an escape hatch was the thing. But we weren't escaping right now. We were just evading and eavesdropping, mostly eavesdropping.
"This is awesome. The trouble we'd be in, if the Council knew we were listening right now..."
My stomach rolled at Zeke's words. His whisper oozed excitement, but he didn't have to live inside my head, with my stupid nightmares. Sure, if he got caught, his council-sitting uncle would have him cleared in no time. But I didn't have anyone on my side. I was relatively new to the community, having straggled in, with monsters at our heels, a little over six months ago with my mother in labor. The baby and I survived. My mother died that night. Now my sister and I lived at the mercy of the community, and from what I'd seen so far, they didn't have much mercy to spare.
"What's the worst that will happen if we're caught? Will they throw us outside the wall?" My worst fear.
He shrugged his wide shoulders. They'd gotten wider since the beginning when he’d become my only friend while I remained thin as a winter spindle tree. For now nobody seemed to notice, but I lived in constant fear that someone would.
"Nah. I don't think so. My uncle wouldn't let them throw me out."
I waited a beat for him to go on, but when he didn't, I prompted, "What about me, Zeke?"
"Well, Charlie-boy, you know I got your back. Who would do my laundry if they threw you out?"
Laundry? That's what I was to him--laundry? When given a choice, I’d picked laundry as my evening chore on purpose. Without anyone's notice, I could gather scraps of cloth for the inevitable part of the month that would give away my secret quicker than a bird and a peck. I didn't love doing laundry, but it gave me a little more security.
Crouched in close proximity to each other like we were, I saw an opportunity to get back at him for his laundry comment. I bumped his shoulder with mine and stifled a laugh as he threw his hands wide and wobbled back and forth on the balls of his feet, trying to regain his balance. It was a futile attempt though, and he went down with a muffled thump. Just as he lifted his hands and made a motion to push me back, we heard pounding--the signal that the meeting had begun, so we turned our attention to the gathering on the other side of the wall.
Zeke slid a piece of the wall aside. An intricate vent cover was now open, and we leaned in, our heads touching as we jostled for position. The vent had been installed so that someone using the escape tunnel could check to see if the area had been compromised before barging through the door. It was low to the ground, so we were on our bellies now, and I could just make out the gray-haired woman who had hobbled out of the woods with us.
Now she was in front of the Council, and the decision whether or not the community would protect her would be made. I had some unrealistic hope they would accept her, even though history said otherwise. The Council didn't save others--except Star and me. They’d made an exception for us. But I had to ask why they would spare us. What value did we have to the Council? Most of the time, they made decisions to benefit themselves. At least that's how I saw it. I had many questions about how the community was run, but no one questioned the Council's decisions.
One question I’d asked within the first few weeks of coming here never left my mind, and instead of a comment about how the amazing, wizened Council already covered that particular tidbit, Zeke said never to ask that question. I shook my head at the memory because that question wouldn’t die, not as long as my sister and I hid in the walls of the community.
Something had happened to the women and girls of this community. I wanted…no…I needed to know what took place. The journal under my arm held answers, but if I were caught with it, I’d be punished. Of that, I was sure.
Zeke shifted slightly as the Council began their inquiry. Would it even help to ask about the women again? Did I really want to know the answer? He probably wouldn’t give me any more than that first hushed whisper months ago.
My mouth stung and I realized I'd chewed into the healing wound on my lower lip. I sucked it into my mouth and turned my focus back to the proceedings.
"Are you still able to bear children?" The question from came from Jonas.
I thought of the elderly woman that emerged from the tree line and wondered if there was a time women couldn't have children. After they’d closed the schools, I'd lived at home with my parents, and they’d continued to teach me what they could, but not having women around now left many holes in my education.
"No, I can no longer bear children, but I can care for them, and I can cook."
"We have no need for either. All our needs are met except one. We need to continue the growth of our community, but currently have no means."
Her voice lowered, snakelike and her words darted like sharp, little knives from her lips. "Because to save yourselves, you fools sent your women to die, and now you see in the end, the creatures still won."
“Bring in the doctor.” A sneer sounded in Jonas’s words.
The door opened and the community physician, Dr. Graham, entered solemnly. He approached the Council table and stopped a few feet from the woman. His eyes never glanced in her direction.
“Did you find any bites or scratches on her person?”
He inhaled deeply before nodding. “She has a large scratch from her left shoulder down to her lower back. Most likely, she is infected.”
“No! No, the scratch is from the overgrowth of the forest. I’m not infected.” Her voice was high-pitched and pleading. My heart clenched at the thought of these callous men not even giving her the benefit of the doubt. They had an excuse now to put her out.
"I've heard enough. Gentlemen, I propose we give her provisions and a map and set her on the other side of the wall. If we are in agreement, give your assent with an 'aye'."
All voices sounded in unison.
"Any opposed."
Like a fly trying to escape a spider's web, I felt the words twisting inside me. Me! I’m opposed. I’m very opposed! I felt responsible for her. We had brought her here, a promise hidden within that action that she would be safe with us, but she would to be thrown to the predators instead. Humans were no longer highest on the food chain, and she would find that out first hand when the Draghoul grabbed her on the other side of the wall, and it was inevitable they would.
But I couldn't say anything. I couldn't jeopardize my own shaky position, could I? Maybe if it were just me, I would have been brave, but I had my little sister Star to think about too. If something happened to me, they might put her on the other side of the wall to cleanse the community of any lingering problems.
Gritting my teeth, I stayed quiet, and they led her from the room. She didn't argue or try to fight. It wouldn’t have mattered anyway. They were bigger and stronger and wouldn't become merciful suddenly.
I grabbed Zeke's bulky shirt and pulled at him until he rose to a sitting position. "Is Thomas training in the towers tonight?"
"Yeah, he's on trapdoor duty. He’ll meet us at the end of the nightwatch run to help us into the lower tunnels and back into the sanctuary."
“I’m going outside.”
“Now? Why? We still have time to grab something to eat before we start.”
“Go ahead. Eat. I’m going now.”
He looked confused but shrugged. “Okay. See you in about fifteen minutes.”
I ran out of the room and down the tunnel, veering to the right and taking a sharp left. After a few more twists, I found the front entrance and raced outside, around the guards, turning toward the furthest tower, where I hoped Thomas was alone. Once I’d crossed the grassy area between the building and the tower, I grabbed the tower ladder and climbed.
I breached the outer deck of the tower and stopped at the top of the ladder. Thomas's heavy, scarred boots rested at the edge. He loomed over me. At nineteen, he was only two years older but well over six-feet, and I was average height—for a female. In so many other communities, it would pass unnoticed.
"Charlie?" I trained my gaze on Thomas, the single guard in the tower, and felt the heat of his stare. He watched me again, and the usual questions lingered behind his intelligent eyes. I was sure somehow he knew the truth about me.
"Have they put her outside the wall?"
"The old woman?"
I nodded.
"There."
I rushed to the window. They were almost to the gate. Lifting my gaze, I stared at the sun sinking behind the horizon. In the distance, I could already hear shrill cries of the creatures waiting on the other side, screaming in anticipation.
A dark fear invaded my mind, and my teeth ground together painfully. Fear of the inhumanity, of the cold cruelty of their actions overcame me, but mostly I felt the dread that my most guarded secret would be revealed. My fate would be the same as hers.
Shadows darted in the treetops outside the wall. I knew what waited for her on the other side. I'd seen them up close, fell for the seemingly innocent face and dagger teeth once, and my mother paid with her life. Now, I would watch it happen again. My stomach churned with the thought.
"No choice, Charlie."
Hot tears slid down my cheeks. "Why?" I marveled at the evenness of my voice. I wanted to drop to my knees and wail at the unfairness of it all. Just yesterday, she had stumbled out of the forest, and I had brought her into the community. I told her she’d be safe.
"We don't question the Council."
Six months had passed since my mother and I showed up to this fortified community in the middle of The Dead Forest. I arrived in men’s clothing. My mother insisted, and I didn’t ask why. Curiosity killed. I'd learned to swallow my questions.
I clenched my hands into fists, cutting into the skin with my nails. The tight crowd reached the inner fence. They clearly weren’t backing down.
Throwing a backpack at her feet, the guards shoved her through the open gate. She turned, said something I couldn't comprehend. The gate clanged shut.
"Look at her, Thomas. Throwing a helpless old woman to the monsters? How can they live with themselves?"
Energy sparked in the air, and I watched feebly as a sharp line of spikes forced her in the direction of the second gate, opening to spit her into the forest. Through the inner fence, she shuffled backwards, passing rows of barbed wire along her path, but her gaze shifted back and forth between the spikes and the inevitable death on the other side of the gate. The thought occurred to me speared might be a better death than ripped apart, and I willed her to throw herself on the sharp points.
"Charlie," he paused so long, I finally turned my sorrowful gaze toward him, "females...something about them attracts the Draghoul. Doctor Graham says it's a natural chemical--a pheromone. We sent our women and girls to the other side of the wall, knowing most, if not all, would die. Why would the Council spare a purposeless woman, a woman who would be bait for more of those creatures?"
It explained so much.
I hung my head and let the sobs take over. I might as well throw off the bulky jacket and saggy pants. The Council would find out soon enough, and I would be sent to the other side. But what about Star, my six-month old sister? The Council already knew her gender. There was no way to hide it when so many cared for her daily.
"Star?" My throat felt tight.
"Hope for the future. She’ll bear children for them one day, and they’ll keep her underground where the monsters won’t detect her." His voice laced with bitterness, I felt his distaste.
Sourness filled my own mouth. I would face a hoard of bloodthirsty Draghoul before I let them use Star like that.
Oh God! Reality sunk in. I shuddered uncontrollably and wrapped my arms around my mid-section. My fate wouldn't be the old woman's. I was of childbearing age. If they ever discovered my secret, it would be worse.
The sound of Thomas's boots echoed on the wooden platform as he approached me. His hands gripped my arms, and as if reading my mind, he whispered, "No one will find out, Charlie. That won't happen to Star...or to you."
Our gazes locked, and he loosened his grip to swipe a fresh tear from my cheek. He knew. The air between us thickened as time slowed down. For that single, heavy moment, my unrelenting anxiety eased. Another soul knew my secret, and though I was probably a fool, I wasn’t afraid. Instead the thought strengthened me. I no longer felt so completely alone.
A loud, screeching grind interrupted, and I blinked back to reality. The outer wall rolled open slowly. The old woman would be shredded. The voracious screams of the Draghoul lifted into the dusky evening. I had to do something.
"How good are you with that rifle, Thomas?" The metal glinted in the fading sunlight.
"Don't even ask. They'll have her before I make the first shot."
"Not them...her."
He was silent a moment. Then the cold metal noise of the bolt snapping back resonated. He raised it and slid the muzzle through a hole in the tower wall. He sighted down the barrel as the loud churning wall stopped with a thud, and the woman began to wail and plead in earnest. Several clawed shadows inched toward her, and she threw her arms in front of her face, as if they could protect her from the inevitable.
I covered my ears. Thomas pursed his lips and squeezed the trigger. The shot was deafening, but as I looked at the lifeless body on the ground below, I stroked Thomas's arm and whispered my thanks. In this horrible, new world, it was mercy.

# # #
About the Author

Twitter: http://twitter.com/ccmarkswrites
Facebook: Author Page
My blog: http://www.ccmarkswrites.blogspot.com
It all started with an old fashioned typewriter. When my family brought it home, for the first time, I knew what I wanted to do. All those stories rolling around in my head could finally get out. The press and click of the keys were satisfying in their own right, but when I pulled out a finished page, I knew this was for me. Since then, I've graduated to a laptop, but the stories still find a way out.
I'm a breast cancer survivor, a teacher, a wife, a mother, and a writer. I continue to strive for less procrastination and more tact. The battle wages on.


Agartha’s Castaway

By Chrissy Peebles



Copyright © 2008 by Chrissy Peebles

 All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
***
The dream vacation that might just turn deadly...

Seventeen-year-old Casey Smith can't wait to embark on her summer vacation, not least because she's finally shed her tomboy image, and now heartthrob Mike seems interested. What starts out great, with lots of flirting, taking her a step closer to winning her crush's heart, soon turns into her worst nightmare. Tossed out to sea during a freak storm, Casey is washed up on what she presumes to be a mysterious tropical island that's on no map she's ever seen.
Watch the Agartha's Castaway series book trailer!


Episode 1 
“Vanquish fear and panic. Value living. Remember your goal: getting out alive."

–U.S. Army Ranger Handbook


I strolled toward my two best friends, Mike and Jack, who were standing near the stern of the boat. A faint light flashed in the night sky from the east, and I pointed. “Hey, was that lightning?” 
Mike poured a pail of chum into the sea before he offered a smile. “Nah, not on my vacation.” 
“Hey, that’s our last bucket,” I said. 
Mike set the pail down and wiped his hands on his tie-dyed board shorts. “It’s five a.m. Night fishing’s over. I let the fish have the rest of the bait.”
 Jack rummaged through the colorful, flashy lures in my dad’s tackle box. “With all that chum floating in the water, maybe I’ll catch myself a 100-pound tuna.” 
He smiled as I grinned. I loved the way he could always make me smile. We’d known each other since we were babies, and I couldn’t ask for a better friend.  
Standing at the railing, I leaned over. Powerful deck lights above illuminated the green water of the Pacific Ocean. I smiled as streaks of yellow and silver swarmed around the sailboat. 
Mike playfully nudged me with his elbow. “Aren’t the tuna amazing? I just want to jump in and swim with them.” 
I blew a long strand of black hair from my eyes. Yep. That’s Mike for you—full of crazy ideas and too much energy he doesn’t know what to do with. Of course he’d want to jump in. And I had no doubt he’d do it. 
A roll of thunder rumbled in the distance. A summer storm? No, couldn’t be. I lifted my head. Nothing but twinkling stars filled the black velvet sky.  
I grabbed Mike’s arm as he swung his leg over the rail. If he jumped in, I was going to give him a piece of my mind. “Don’t you even think about it!”
Grinning as if daring me to stop him, he jumped down and pulled me close. He placed his strong hands on my hips, his touch sending shivers down my spine. I had a secret crush on Mike for as long as I could remember.
He winked, lowering his voice. “Okay, fine. I promise, no free diving—at least not until daylight.”
I arched a brow. “Are you crazy? I bet sharks all the way from Australia can pick up the scent from all those fish guts you just dumped. You barely survived your last run-in with Jaws.” I pointed to the jagged scar on his calf.
“Hey now. My battle scar”—Mike toyed with the shark tooth dangling from a black cord around his neck—“and this nifty little souvenir here, make me who I am today.” His lips curled up. “Let’s not dwell on the marine life, okay? How about later today we hit the beach again?”
Jack gave him a playful punch on the arm. “Listen, Surfer Boy, that isn’t happening. The only place Casey’s dad can even try to control you is on this boat, far, far away from everyone else.” 
He rolled his eyes. “Whatever.” 
I grinned at Mike’s miffed expression. Just because he was a teenage surfing star, even featuring on MTV’s hit reality show Surf’s Up, didn’t mean he’d get any special treatment here—at least not from Jack or my parents.
Jack’s sapphire blue eyes narrowed and his brown hair whipped around in the wind. “You dove off a ninety-foot waterfall when nobody was looking, you got us thrown out of a village, you—”
“Ah, come on!” Mike interrupted. “The chief had it all wrong. That little girl with the big brown eyes ran straight to me, and all I did was pat her on the head. She was the cutest little thing.” 
I pondered as I watched dark clouds roll in from the east. Mike finds everyone cute—everyone but me. My gaze dropped from the sky to meet his. “Yeah, but you know it’s an insult to touch anyone’s head in Fiji.”
He ran a hand through his hair. “Guess I forgot that part. Anyway, we didn’t deserve to get kicked out. And Casey, even your mom agrees with me.”
Jack laughed and threw a wet rag in his direction. “You know that’s only because our moms are all best friends, and—” 
Smirking, Mike pointed the remote control at the CD stereo in the cockpit, increasing the volume until Jack’s voice was drowned out entirely. I watched him inch closer, his hot breath brushing my cheek as he whispered in my ear, “C’mon. Let’s jam to the beat of steel drums.”
I felt my heartbeat speed up. Mike was just being flirty, as usual. To him, life was all about having fun, and nothing more. “C’mon, Jack!” I yelled over my shoulder, as Mike’s hand clasped around mine, making my skin tingle. His warm, soft fingers rubbed against the back of my hand lightly as he pulled me toward the deck.
“Dance with Mike?” called back Jack. “No thanks, I’d rather put away our fishing stuff.”
Well, to each his own. Now I could give Prince Charming my undivided attention. Mike smiled and kissed my hand before letting go. 
“I’m beginning to feel the rhythm of the tropics.” I swung my hips to the beat while my hands swirled above my head. I stared into Mike’s piercing eyes. With eyes so green, it was no wonder four magazines had splashed his perfect face on their covers. Well, that along with his shaggy blond hair and that hip Malibu style. 
A booming noise cracked through the air. I cupped an ear to hear above the music. Was that thunder? No, that had to be a loud, thumping bass note. The forecast hadn’t mentioned rain; but then again, I swore I saw lightning. 
Mike pointed up at a twinkling light in the Caribbean night sky. “Hey, what’s that?”
I studied the odd light as it flashed red, green, blue, and white at regular intervals. Maybe it was a great and glorious sign from the cosmos, telling the world that Mike and I were meant to be together. I laughed at my own dumb logic. It couldn’t be a plane, because it would’ve already flown over us. “It’s a star…or maybe Venus.” 
His gaze swung back between me and the horizon. “I’ve never seen a star or a planet change colors like that. Have you?”
I shook my head. I’d never seen a star change colors at all. Is that even possible? “Weird, huh?”
“Totally. It almost looks like a UFO.”
I playfully slugged him. Sometimes his imagination was over the top. “No way!” 
“No? What is it then?”
I shrugged. “I’ve no idea.”
“Why don’t we go ask our very own walking encyclopedia?”
I chuckled. “Yeah, Jack knows everything.” Jack had broken the “dumb jock” stereotype: what’s wrong with being smart and a Heisman trophy sure bet all rolled into one? 
Strong gusts of wind rocked the sailboat. My balance wavered and I grabbed onto Mike’s arm. “Whoa. It’s getting a little choppy out here.” 
He pulled me close. “I think it’s going to rain.”
I blinked. Overhead, a brilliant burst of light ripped across the sky. Thunder crashed. My pulse spiked as I broke Mike’s embrace and looked up at him, our eyes connecting. His forehead creased in a worried frown, and for a moment, I knew exactly what he thought: No way do we want to be on a boat in the middle of the ocean with a storm gathering above our heads. We sprinted to the bow, where Jack and my parents waited.
Dazzling streaks of lightning crisscrossed the night sky, quickly followed by a howling wind. My breath quickened. Lifting my hands, I felt light droplets on my skin. I swallowed as I tried to calm my nerves.
My dad gripped the rail and struggled to keep his footing. Rain poured, and the waves grew larger. “Looks like this fishing trip’s over. Everyone downstairs. I’m taking us back.” 
Upon hearing this, I thought about the ironic humor in being stuck at the hotel all day while my friends enjoyed ninety-degree weather back home in California. 
A bolt of electricity branched across the clouds like a neon spider web. Another crash of thunder made my mom jump. She wrapped an arm around me as the boat shuddered. “Don’t worry, honey. You know your dad’s an experienced sailor.” 
“Compared to other storms I’ve encountered before, this will be a piece of cake.” Captain Dad forced a smile and headed for the wheelhouse. 
Jack bolted after him. “Need any help?”
“No. Just get yourself and everyone else below deck where it’s safe.”
“I agree!” shouted my mom, water streaming down her face and hair. “Let’s go!” 
I heard my dad yell over the whine of the wind, “Everyone. Life vests on. NOW!”
Just then, a huge plume of salty white spray burst into the air and splashed over me. I wiped my eyes with the back of my hand as I motioned to Mike and Jack. “C’mon, guys!” 
My mom charged through the sheets of rain, thunder crashing overhead. Me and the others followed. Angry waves exploded against the hull and filled the air with tumbling water. 
The boat pitched as a wave broke over the side rail, ramming into my legs. I grabbed hold of a deck chair mounted to the floor to try and steady myself. Water, four or five inches deep, spread across the fiberglass exterior, threatening to wash my feet from under me. Should I veer off course to get a life jacket and chance being thrown overboard? No way. There are plenty downstairs, and I want off this deck. 
I slowly made my way toward the cabin door. Just above me, another crack of thunder exploded. Goosebumps pimpled my skin. There was more blindingly white light before the single streak of lightning broke into several branches. I breathed in and out deeply, hoping to make it to the cabin. Once I was behind that door, I knew I would be okay. I had no doubt my father could steer Wind Dancer safely back to the island. 
The boat lurched again. Sodas and chunks of ice from the open cooler shot past me, barely missing my head. Shivering, I shielded my face with an arm, clenching my teeth as I inched forward. Almost there. Stinging rain pounded down harder. I took one more brave step and slipped, falling on one knee. The pain surging up my leg made me bite my lip to stifle a scream. No need to worry the others. 
As I pushed myself up, an enormous wall of water rose high above us, crested, and slowly fell over our heads like a collapsing building. I tried to scream and swallowed a lungful of bitter seawater as I slammed into something hard. I wrapped my arms around it—the rail—and clung with all my might. A shudder ripped through my body. Salt stung my eyes and throat, but I didn’t dare let go.
“Casey!” My head jerked toward the sound of my mother’s frantic scream. As the water passed over her, I caught a glimpse of my mom’s face. My mother shrieked, terror in her wide-open eyes, her mouth gaping, her hands reaching out for help as she was torn from the boat and swallowed by the dark, furious sea. “Mom!” I yelled. 
My heart lurched. This isn’t happening. It can’t be. In a blur, I scrambled up, coughing and choking. Crying, I screamed hysterically and scoured the undulating water. “Help! My mom’s gone overboard.” I continued to peer into the rain, but I couldn’t see a thing. My heart drummed harder against my chest, and when I could breathe again, I let out another horrified wail. I decided I’d do for my mother what I knew without a doubt that my mother would do for me: She would find me no matter what, rainstorm or not! I untied a red and white life ring, climbed over the rail, and positioned myself to jump. 
Jack grabbed my shoulder, pulling me back. “What the heck do you think you’re doing? Get down.”
Strong arms encircled my waist. I struggled against Jack’s iron grip as he lifted me off my feet, pulling me back on deck. “Are you crazy?” he yelled above the crashing waves.
Another shot of adrenaline surged through my veins. “Let go of me! The wave! It…it swept my mom overboard. I’ve gotta help her!”
“No.” Jack refused to let me go, shaking his head adamantly. “You’ll get yourself killed out there.”
I punched and kicked, hitting him hard. Doesn’t he get it? That’s my mother out there! “I don’t care!” I shouted furiously through a veil of tears. “My mom needs me.” 
“Calm down,” he said in my ear. “Would your mom want you to jump in there? No, she wouldn’t, and you know it.”
I continued to struggle, but my attempts became less forceful, my body giving in before my will. I turned to face him. Water drizzled from his nose, chin, and hair. Letting out a breath, I said, “But my mom’s…she’s…out there.” 
Jack leaned over the edge and yelled, “Mrs. Smith!” He glanced over, his eyes wide. “Where’s Mike?” 
“I dunno.” I swiveled one of the deck lights directly at the ocean, swinging the yellow beam in a wide arc. My voice thundered through the storm, shaky as it was. “Mom? Mom? Mike? Where are you?” Even if they couldn’t hear me over the ocean roars, I hoped they might see the light and try to swim toward it. The wind whipped across my face as I cried out, “Do you see them?” 
Jack shielded his eyes and peered out through the driving rain. “Nothing.” 
Suddenly a muffled yell pierced the air. “Mike?” I shouted. 
Jack’s head whipped around, and he pointed toward the bow. “Over there.” 
A familiar figure emerged through the gloom. It was indeed Mike, and he hadn’t fallen overboard. I clutched my chest and let out a long sigh of relief. The thought of anything happening to him tore at my heart. Now I could focus all of my energy on finding my mom. I threw my arms around Mike, tears flowing down my face. I spoke between sobs. “I’m so glad you’re okay, but my mom went overboard”—I gripped his wet shirt tightly—“and we have to find her.” 
“What?” said Mike, staggering backward. “Where’s your dad?” 
“He’s in the wheelhouse,” I shouted. “C’mon!” 
“If another wave hits, hang onto anything you can find that’s bolted down.” Jack was trying to be brave, but he could never fool me. I saw the fear in his eyes.
Something cold swirled around my ankles. Water. Rushing in. And fast. I gasped. Floating floorboards, cushions, charts, and magazines sloshed about the deck. What if this boat sinks like a giant rock? I froze, my breath caught in my throat. 
Mike shook my shoulder, terror etched in his voice. “Crap! We’re sinking.” 
I saw my own fears mirrored in their tense faces. “Keep moving!” I grabbed their hands, and we raced through the fierce wind and rain. When we finally reached the wheelhouse, I flung the door open and shouted for my father. 
Lightning flashed, and in the brightness, I saw that the tiny room was vacant. The windows rattled, and heavy rain beat against the glass. The microphone dangled from the radio, almost touching the ground. My father’s floppy fishing hat slid across the wet floor. 
I trembled as a feeling of dread encompassed my body. “Dad! Where are you?”
***
Goosebumps covered my arms as Wind Dancer teetered on the crest of a mountainous swell. Tilting forward, the sailboat dropped through the air like an elevator in free fall. I clenched my teeth, gripping the doorframe till my knuckles went white. When the boat slammed into the trench, a towering surge of spray crashed over my head. Pushing back wet strands of tangled hair, I wiped my eyes. Jack staggered and grabbed hold of the steering wheel. 
Mike stumbled to his feet and yelled over his shoulder, “You two stay here. I’ll hunt for your dad.” 
Without me? No way! I opened my mouth to object, but Mike was already bounding down the deck. I let out a breath. “Wait, Mike! I’m coming with you!” A strong breeze swept over me, and I wondered whether he’d heard me. 
Mike spun around as rain sheeted down, his drenched clothes clinging to his body. I dashed after him, not realizing he’d spoken until he threw up his hands. “What?” I shouted over the ear-splitting thunder.
“I said, you’re the only one who knows how to use the radio.” Mike cupped his hands around his mouth to make himself heard.
I flicked my long hair out of my face. As much as I hated to admit it, he was right.
“Okay, I’ll get help. Find my dad.” I shot a last pleading glance at him before I turned on my slippery heels. 
“I promise. I’ll look everywhere!” he shouted.
I skidded back to the wheelhouse, desperate to get to the radio. As I flung open the door, Jack scrambled to help me inside. Together, we battled the strong wind until the door finally clicked shut.
“I’ll send out an SOS,” I panted, my heart hammering. 
A flash of lightning illuminated the night sky. I switched on the radio and picked up the microphone. I jumped when a violent clap of thunder cracked above me, as if someone had snapped a bullwhip just inches from my ear. With shaky fingers, I tuned in to Channel 16. My voice broke as I forced myself to speak. “Mayday, mayday, mayday! This is Wind Dancer. Can anybody hear me?” I gripped the receiver tightly with both hands. “Somebody, please answer!” 
No response. I threw a terrified glance toward Jack, who was pulling at his wet shirt. 
“Do you have the right channel?” he asked, his gaze focused on the intercom. 
I swallowed past the lump in my throat and nodded. Water streamed off my hair and down my cheeks. I steadied myself against the cockpit wall, using it to keep my balance as waves crashed violently over the bow. 
“Try again.” Jack stepped behind me and rubbed an encouraging hand over my back. 
Surely someone will hear us. I inhaled and kept trying, over and over, until the radio crackled, fuzzy with static. 
“Vessel in distress, this is Silver Bullet. What assistance do you need?”
I gasped. Thank God somebody answered. I grasped the microphone to quell some of my trembling. “Please help,” I croaked, my throat dry and sore from shouting. “My mom fell overboard, and my dad’s missing. We’re sinking. Please send the Coast Guard…the Navy…anybody!”
Barely able to discern the radio chatter from the static, I held my breath as I tried to make out their message.
“I will notify…Fiji Navy…your location?” said the voice.
“What?” I shouted. “You’re breaking up!” The boat pitched, and I grabbed the back of the captain’s swivel chair. As it spun around, I fought to keep my balance. I hung on as another wave slammed into our vessel like a giant fist. 
My breath came fast and shallow, misting the rain-streaked windowpane. My stomach twisted at the thought of what might be happening to my parents and Mike out in the storm. I shook my head, but the thoughts wouldn’t quite go away. 
“Stay as calm as you can,” said the deep, comforting voice. “Make sure your EPIRB is operating so a satellite can pick up the radio waves and we can find you. Hold on. Help’s coming.”
“Jack, you know the orange walkie-talkie thing mounted outside the cabin?” When he nodded, I continued, “Take it out of the brackets and turn the switch on.”
“I’m on it!” Jack threw the door open and sped out into the blanket of rain as lightning flashed across the sky. 
“You need to give me your latitude and longitude coordinates from your navigation chart or global positioning system,” said the voice on the radio. 
I glanced down at the GPS nestled in the controls and gulped. A tiny crack ran down the wide digital screen. Why now? It was fine earlier. I glanced around; nothing had fallen. I pressed a red button. The small monitor blinked and turned black.  
I screamed into the microphone, “GPS not working!”
“How old are you?”
“Seventeen.”   
“Okay, I’m going to get you through this step by step,” said the man. “For starters, look at your compass.”
The needle on the deck compass spun around counterclockwise. I tapped on it, and the needle jumped back and forth erratically. What’s going on? This isn’t the freaking Bermuda Triangle, right? “It’s not working either. It’s just…going crazy.”  
“Can you give me a specific landmark near you?” the voice asked.
“I know we’re south of the Fiji islands.” 
“Which island?”
Jack appeared beside me and pushed his soaked hair out of his eyes. “There’re like 300 of them.”
I frantically looked around the cabin. I needed to keep my cool and think. My gaze fell on the far end of the wall. I darted over and ran my finger across the waterproof chart. The island was circled in red. In two steps, I reached the desk and grabbed the microphone. “Viti Levu.”
Silence. 
A burst of static. More silence. I blinked water from my lashes, waiting, hoping. “Hello? Hello? Are you there?” No response. I tried once more, pressing the button in a frenzy as my heart jackhammered against my ribs. No, this can’t be happening. Not now. 
Still nothing.
I dropped the microphone and whipped around to stare into Jack’s eyes. “It went dead.” He didn’t say a word. He just hugged me, his palm rubbing the hard knots in my shoulders.
Biting my lip, I tore away from him. I’d never acted like a damsel in distress before, and I wasn’t going to start playing the role now. Did the Silver Bullet hear what island we were near before the radio died? Rescue couldn’t waste valuable time searching around the wrong islands. My mom’s life depended on that call; everyone’s life depended on that precious communication. 
Jack steadied himself against the wall, holding up the orange emergency beacon. “Don’t worry. The transmitter’s on. They’ll pick up our signal and come get us.”
The boat creaked and groaned, making me flinch. I wiped a circle clean on the fogged window. “Where’s Mike?” 
“I don’t know, but he should’ve been back by now.” 
The lights flickered and went out. Every muscle tensed as I blinked, blinded in the sudden darkness. “Crap! We lost the generator.” I ran a hand along the wall until my fingers wrapped around a metal handle. 
I rummaged through the top drawer and fumbled for a flashlight, when a lightning bolt shot across the sky. A wave crashed over the bow and rolled down the deck with the momentum and force of a mighty tsunami. I ducked as the mass of water smashed through the large cockpit window, slamming into me like a semi-truck. I gasped, coughed, and then gasped again. The cold water reached my waist. Wind howled through the broken window, whipping my hair across my cheeks and eyes. I clutched Jack, burying my face into his chest. His arms encircled me in a strong grip. “I feel like I’m in a scene from Titanic. I don’t want to die like this, Jack,” I said, and found it somewhat fitting that his name was Jack in such a scenario.
Suddenly, out of the darkness, clad in an oversized yellow life jacket, Mike pushed through the door, with two more flotation devices draped over his arm. The waist-high water gushed past him onto the deck, leaving me in ankle-deep sea foam. He shined a flashlight beam toward the ground, his mouth set in a hard line. “I’m sorry. I can’t find your dad anywhere.” 
My breath froze. Oh my gosh! Where is he? I squeezed my eyes shut, not wanting to know the answer. Burrowing my face in my hands, I hoped against all odds my mom and dad would somehow survive. The back of my throat felt dry, and a rush of heat swept over me in spite of the cold water soaking my clothes. I dropped to my knees, and Jack dropped with me, holding me.
Mike threw both of them a life preserver. “Put these on…pronto!”
I struggled into my jacket. The bright yellow stood out in the dim light. “We got a mayday out.” 
Inching nearer, Mike asked, “Help’s coming, then?” 
“Don’t know. Radio went dead,” said Jack. “Couldn’t finish the call. But I turned on the emergency radio beacon.”
Mike ran a hand through his wet hair. “Maybe we should head below deck until rescue comes. I was just down there, and the water’s not that high. If we stay up here, we’ll be swept overboard.”
“If this boat sinks, that cabin will be your coffin.” Jack squinted as Mike shifted his flashlight beam toward him. 
He made a valid point, grim as it was. I sucked in a sharp gulp of air. “Meeting a watery grave in Davy Jones’s locker isn’t happening.” I adjusted my vest, pulled the canvas straps, and snapped the buckle around my waist. “We’ve got to get out of here. C’mon! Let’s head for the dingy.” 
“It’s gone,” said Mike, letting out a long breath. “Waves got it.” 
It wasn’t supposed to be like this. This was supposed to be a fun and relaxing boat ride. My stomach sank. I knew the waves were going to rip the boat apart board by board. I needed to come up with a plan, and fast. “Can you shine your light over here?” 
He nodded. “What’re you looking for?” 
I rummaged through more drawers, my voice growing frantic. “Our ticket out of here.” I pulled out a red plastic flare gun. The Fiji Navy was our only hope. 
Is anyone ever going to come help us? I smeared the fogged window and pressed my face against the cold glass. My parents wouldn’t be able to survive much longer, wherever they were. I peered through the sheets of rain into the blackness beyond when a flash caught my eye. Multi-colored lights blinked in sequence, followed by a blue light that swept toward me in swinging arcs. My heart pounded in my ears. I listened, but the roaring wind and pouring rain drowned out any sound from the thundering helicopter. “Look! See that?”
Jack wiped the window with his arm and peeked out. “I see it!”
Rescue. Warm blankets. Hot chocolate. Thank goodness. My mom and dad had to be on the helicopter, and I was sure they’d be waiting for me with a big smile. I let out a sigh of relief. A beam of light cut through the rain and filled the room, momentarily blinding me. “Ready to get this rescue party started with some fireworks?” I dashed out the wheelhouse door into the furious storm. 
Mike waved the flashlight beam frantically in the helicopter’s direction. “Over here!” he shouted. Jack and I soon joined in the chorus.
As rain pelted down, I pointed the flare gun high into the air. I tightened my fingers around the trigger and pulled. A bright red flare illuminated the sky. I fired again and again, giving us a spectacular Fourth of July show. 
The storm dumped another huge wave onto the deck, knocking my feet out from under me and sending the gun flying from my hands. Grunting from the sudden impact, I plunged into the sea. Water rushed down my throat and up my nose. I fought to keep my head above the surface. “Help!” Squinting into the darkness, I noticed the lights had disappeared. No warm blankets, hot chocolate, or wire basket to ride up in? Where’s the helicopter? Did it turn around and go back? Did it crash?
I could hear Mike and Jack’s incoherent shouts over the booming thunder. I screamed, my arms flapping to fight against the current. I forced my mouth shut to avoid swallowing any more water. 
Looking up, I could only see the top halves of Mike and Jack’s bodies ducking and rising out of view. They flung something over the side of the boat. Using all my strength, I propelled myself over to a rope. Panting, I swung out my arms. Got it! I gave it a hard tug, knowing it was securely fastened to an iron cleat. 
A giant explosion of white water rushed over the vessel, followed by a loud crack and then a dull thud. The rigging and sails crashed to the deck, along with the eighty-foot mast. 
Jack yelled above the roar of the wind. “Mike!” 
Clinging to the rope, I screamed out both of their names. I wondered if Mike or Jack had been hit by a piece of heavy equipment, and every muscle in my body tensed at the thought. Are they hurt? I blinked but couldn’t see a thing in the darkness. Several bolts of lightning danced across the sky, and I finally saw the eerie outline of Jack near the rail, but my lips trembled when I couldn’t see Mike. Did he fall in too? I pictured Mike bleeding—or even worse, knocked out cold. Oh, gosh! Please no. 
I glanced around in frantic disbelief but saw nothing but rising mountains of water. Gasping for breath, I tried not to choke on the salty foam being thrust into my mouth by the wild, tumbling waves. I focused my attention back on Jack until he disappeared from view. Water rushed over my face. My eyes burned, and my vision blurred. 
“Casey?” I heard a voice call out through the storm and threw my head back. “Jack!”
A dark figure leaned over the rail. “I’m going to pull you up.” 
The rope in my hands went taut as it lifted me out of the water. I hung in the air, gripped the rope tighter, and spun around in circles. I swear I was spinning faster than an ice-skater performing a two-foot spin for an Olympic gold medal. 
The boat lurched, and I jerked hard as something crashed into me from above. It was Jack, who’d toppled from the deck. I tried to reach for him, but the impact knocked the breath right out of me. I gasped against the pain, losing my grip and falling back into the sea.
The force of the wave pushed me down, spinning me around in total darkness like a washing machine rinse cycle. I held my breath, my lungs burning for sweet release and fresh oxygen. If I don’t get air soon... 
The pressure in my ears was unbearable. When the spinning stopped, my lungs were on fire, and I flailed my arms, trying to orient myself. Am I upside down or right side up? I forced myself to stop struggling, letting my body float. Okay. Now I know the way. Powerful kicks propelled me upward. Just before my lungs collapsed, I burst through the surface like a dolphin at a water theme park show.
Apart from the flash of lightning, I saw nothing but pitch black. My hands moved around me, frantic to grasp onto something—anything—but there was only water. “Jack!” I yelled, but he didn’t answer. A deafening roar like a passing train filled my ears, and I clutched my life jacket for dear life. 
Flash after flash of lightning illuminated the sky, and something huge ripped through the water toward me. The boat?  I used every ounce of strength to swim away, but a large, swirling body of water sucked me in.
I coughed, exhausted, my body trembling with the effort to keep myself afloat. There was no way I was going to let the undertow drag me down. Around and around I spun, faster and faster. I tried to break free of the fast-spinning, churning water, but vast jaws of swirling foam swallowed me up. I felt the tremendous force of the water washing over me, pulling me in, deeper and deeper. Spiraling down to the center core of the mighty whirlpool, I was tossed, turned, and rolled beneath the surface of the water. This was definitely not on my list of “Top 10 Things to Do in Fiji.” 
I’m too young to die. I held my breath and prayed for a miracle. 
***
Dizziness washed over me as I struggled to free myself from the spiraling water. Lungs burning, I opened my mouth to scream, but salt water rushed in. An explosion of bubbles surrounded me, brushing across my skin. A tremendous force pushed me upward, faster and faster. Bursting through the surface, I was catapulted high in a spout of water and spray. I landed with a splash and sucked in desperate gulps of air—wonderful, glorious, awesome air. 
Spluttering and coughing, I pushed the tangled hair out of my face. The air hung heavy with the smell of damp earth. When I caught my breath, I kicked my legs around in the water and wondered how deep it was. As I clung to my tattered life jacket, I squinted as my eyes adjusted to the dim light. Anxiously, I looked across the enormous underground chamber for a ledge, or for some way out. Nothing but glimmering stalagmites rose out of the sapphire water and loomed high above me, as though the room around me had been completely flooded. 
“Wow, it’s so beautiful,” I whispered, awestruck by the millions of crystals shimmering like diamonds along the walls. Carlsbad Caverns needed to take a seat, because it’d just been upstaged by whatever the name of this place was. 
“Casey! Over here!”
My heart leapt in response to the familiar voice. “Jack! Thank God you’re alive.” Spotting two yellow life jackets in the distance, I sighed with relief. “Mike!” My two best friends bobbed in the water, and I couldn’t have been happier to see them. 
I exhaled and wiped the tears away, overwhelmed with relief. Smiling, I forced my burning muscles to push me through the water. 
“I can’t believe that whirlpool sucked you up too,” said Mike, meeting me halfway and throwing his arms around me. “Against all odds, we survived, man. Any idea how we could even end up down here? ’Cause me and Jack are completely clueless.”
Melting into his embrace, I said, “I dunno.”
Mike’s grip tightened around me. “You’re one tough chick,” he whispered in my ear.
Struggling to keep the tears from falling, I met his gaze and smiled. “You better believe it.”
His voice wavered and he stroked the hair from my face. “I was so worried about you, girl.”
“Casey.” Jack’s face lit up when his eyes connected with mine, exactly the same way as when he’d sunk that last-second basket to win the national championship. I eased from Mike’s arms and gave Jack a fierce hug. He held me close and cupped my cheek. “When I lost you—” 
The cavern became silent except for the rhythmic sound of dripping water. I opened my mouth to speak, but the words wouldn’t come out. Squeezing my eyes shut, I locked my arms around Jack and burrowed into the curve of his shoulder. We’d survived against all odds. When I opened my eyes, I felt the first sobs tear through my chest. “Do you think my mom and dad are okay?” 
Jack held me at arms’ length. “They were rescued. I saw them being pulled up into the air.” 
I swiveled my head in Mike’s direction. “Are you sure? You saw it? Both of you? They’re…they’re really safe?”
Mike nodded. “Yep. I saw it too.” 
I let out a deep breath, but the tears wouldn’t stop flowing. I wiped at them, suddenly laughing through even more tears. It was the best news…ever. “They’re probably dry, warm, and worried sick about us.” I fingered the silver locket around my neck; it held my favorite family portrait.  
Mike squeezed my hand. “You know it.” 
I shot him a smile. 
“So where’s the dim light coming from? The moon?” Mike spun in a circle through the water, gazing up at the high vaulted cave.
“I have no idea, but it’s definitely coming from somewhere.” My hand wandered across the ragged limestone. “There has to be a gap or opening in these walls.” At least I hoped so, grasping at any glimmer of hope. I swam around, searching for a way out, when my life jacket scraped against the jagged edge of a stalagmite. I knew then that I’d have to be more careful, as one of those things could probably tear right through my skin.
“Whoa!” Mike’s voiced echoed in the cave. “Check out the icicles.”
I stared up at the massive stalactites jutting from the ceiling. My jaw dropped at their stunning beauty. 
Jack pushed off the wall, staring at the sight too. “Wow! They gotta be thousands of years old.” 
“Oh yeah?” Mike nudged me and playfully rolled his eyes. “How do you know that, Jack?” 
“Well, because, they only grow an inch every thousand years.” 
Mike smirked. “Is there anything you don’t know? Since you’re such an Einstein, why’s everything glowing down here? Is the place radioactive or something?” 
Twinkling pinpoints of lights dotted the roof like turquoise-green stars in the night sky. It was beautiful, but I knew appearances could be deceiving. My eyebrows shot up in recognition. “Wait! I’ve seen this before…on a trip to Waitomo Cave.”
Mike lay back and floated, his arms and legs stretched out. “I can’t believe we’re actually stargazing.”
“Stargazing? You seem to forget we’re in a giant cave,” I said. 
“I know. So how’s this possible? Although I don’t mind spending a romantic moment with a pretty girl.” He winked at me.
Stuck in a cave and he still manages to flirt, I jested. “If you had one clue about what those “stars” really were, you’d know the romance had just been sucked dry.” 
Jack leaned in, his arm brushing mine. “Aren’t those New Zealand’s “living lights”?”
“Looks like it. Do you think that’s where we are?” 
He shook his head. “Could be, but it’s over a thousand miles away.” 
“Living lights?” asked Mike. “Dude, are you saying those lights are alive?”
“Yep.” Jack nodded and motioned with his hand. “Millions of little, glowing worms, courtesy of the fungus gnat.”
And with my luck, a big fat one would fall off and land on my head, a new friend dropping in to say hello. The thought made my stomach squeamish, and now I might hurl. 
“Glowing maggots, huh?” asked Mike, who didn’t seem fazed in the slightest. “They’re pretty cool. Got to admit, nature puts on one heck of a light show.” 
I clung to Jack, watching the shadows dance and flicker on the dark limestone. I tried to swallow the sudden knot in my throat. “No, they’re not cool. It means they’re what’s causing the dim light, not moonlight.” I took a deep breath, my heart racing. “What if we’re stuck here?” 
Jack gave my hand a reassuring squeeze. “There has to be a way out…and we’re going to find it. Besides, glowworms have to eat insects like moths and mayflies to survive, so they have to be able to come and go. So don’t look so sad. This is good news. All we need to do now is find their point of entry.” 
I glided forward, using long strokes. “Okay, then let’s go find ourselves an exit out of this giant bug hotel.”
“Wait a sec. What’s wrong with the water?” Jack frowned, his eyes darting to and fro, as he jerked his hand back. “It’s changed colors three times.”
I scooped up the brown water and watched it trickle through my fingers. There was nothing wrong with it as far as I could see. I wouldn’t be drinking it anytime soon since it looked somewhat like rusty punch, but apart from that, it seemed as good as any other. 
“A little mud never hurt anyone,” said Mike. 
I focused my gaze on the brown water when it suddenly turned purple. My hand flew to my mouth. “Look! Are you guys seeing this? I swear it changed right before my eyes.” 
“Dude!” Mike’s jaw dropped as his eyes flew wide open. 
Jack laughed and slapped him on the back. “I told you! We didn’t notice it before because we were so occupied with each other and the ceiling, and the colors really weren’t that noticeable.” 
“There it goes again!” Mike couldn’t stop staring at the strange phenomenon. “Whoa. Now it’s green. Weird, huh?” 
When the surface turned orange, Jack let out a gasp. “No way! The colors are switching like every twenty or thirty seconds. What kind of place is this?”
The words remained frozen in my throat. I could only shake my head in shared disbelief. 
Mike swirled his hands back and forth through the multicolored sea. “This is crazy stuff, man.” 
“There’s got to be a logical explanation.” Jack struggled for words. I knew he was never comfortable with things he couldn’t easily explain. He fidgeted with the buckles of the life jacket. “Maybe it’s the bioluminescent glow of algae reflecting through the water.” 
“Like the blue algae I swam with in Puerto Rico?” I asked. 
“Exactly,” answered Jack.
I cocked an eyebrow. “That doesn’t make any sense. The water there didn’t change colors.” 
Mike nodded. “Yeah, she’s right. I saw the vacation pics. Maybe it’s best not to be so obsessed with cause and effect, Jack. You sound just like that chick Pam I dated last month. She had to have an explanation for everything.”
“Pam? Hmm. Name doesn’t ring a bell.” Jack paused for a moment. “But then again, there’re so many of them that I can’t keep up.” 
Jack was right. Mike had a beautiful girl hanging on his arm practically every week. I wondered how I could ever compete with that. 
“C’mon! Let’s find a way out of here.” I took the lead and swam through the large limestone room, followed by Mike and Jack.
Mike cocked his head to the left. “Hey, I think I see an opening. See that, Jack?” 
He craned his neck and looked. “Nah. That’s only a shadow, man.” 
I rounded a corner and stopped, gazing across the vast space, past clusters of towering stalagmites. Through a jagged opening high in the rock wall, I noticed something peculiar. Not one but two suns glowed in the sky. The rays pushed through the dark clouds. Did I swallow too much salt water, causing me to hallucinate? I gripped a rough rock formation until my knuckles turned white. The hairs on the back of my neck rose. “Jack! Mike! Come quick!” 
Jack was the first to appear from around the bend. With powerful strokes, he swam toward me. “What is it? Did you find a way out?” 
“Maybe. Look, there’s an opening!” I pointed straight ahead, across the giant room, at the long, narrow gap hundreds of feet above us. “I think I just found the bug door in this joint.” 
His eyes widened. “That’s awesome!”
“Look closer,” I said.
Jack sucked in a deep breath. “What the—”        
Mike started forward, and then swung back. “Twin suns? No freakin’ way!”
“I think it’s safe to say this isn’t New Zealand.” My stomach fluttered, but my gaze didn’t waver from the two suns across the horizon. 
Jack paused for a moment before he continued. “This is just a phenomenon that makes it seem like there are two suns in the sky. You’re actually looking at two luminous spots caused by the bending of light, that’s all.”
I rubbed my eyes. “Are you sure? It’s just an optical illusion?” 
“Yep. It’s called a “sundog” or “mock sun”. Incoming sunlight is bent at just the right angle and passes through a thin layer of ice crystals in our atmosphere. It’s best seen at dawn or dusk when the sun’s near the horizon.”  
“Glowing algae and mock suns?” asked Mike. “Well, I think both of your theories are lame, especially the second one. Ice crystals would mean snow, and we’re not in Alaska. I know you’re a genius, but this time you’re wrong, Einstein.”
Jack’s gaze narrowed. “Got a better way to explain the freaky water and two suns?” 
“Easy, dude,” he said. “Don’t you get it? None of this can be explained.”
I had to agree with Mike. Jack was the smartest person I’d ever met, but his explanations didn’t make any sense…especially the mock sun. We were in the boiling hot tropics, not at the North Pole. 
“Never mind.” Jack’s forehead wrinkled, and his dark eyebrows bunched. “We’ve got more important things to worry about, like how we’re going to scale that wall.”
I had no idea how we’d climb that high. If we could only find notches in the wall, we might have a chance. “We’ll figure something out.” Through the hole, a blur of green caught my eye. I blinked. In the far distance, lush green mountains sharpened into focus. I smiled, my heart pounding like a jackhammer. It was the miracle I’d been praying for. Emotion overwhelmed me as I pointed a trembling finger. “LAND!” 
Mike shook my shoulder. “Where?”
“Look…there’re mountains way off to the left,” I said.
He did a double-take and threw his arms up. “Woo hoo!” 
Squinting, Jack tilted his head. “Oh yeah! I see them now.” 
We laughed and hugged, Mike’s arms tightening around my waist, his face pressing into the soft spot at the nape of my neck. 
“Well, what’re we waiting for?” I asked. “Let’s swim across to the other side and check out that wall. My fingers are shriveling up like prunes.” I disconnected our embrace, and with a lunge forward, pushed off the cave wall with both legs, my arms cutting through the green water.
“Wait for us!” called Jack from behind. 
Mike said goodbye in his usual dramatic fashion. “Twinkle on, glowworms, twinkle on!” 
I sped across the water to the far end of the cave and lifted my gaze. The gap was unreachable. We’d have to climb up a sheer vertical wall towering hundreds of feet above the surface of the water. There was no way we could do it without killing ourselves. 
We all exchanged a look before Mike broke the silence. “I can do it.” He flashed me his trademark cocky smile. 
I prayed he could, but deep down, I knew he just wanted an excuse to pull a crazy stunt.
Jack’s gaze swept over the ceiling and the wall. “With the proper equipment, maybe, but right now, it’s a suicide mission. The last time I checked, you weren’t Spiderman.”
“Yeah, what’re you going to do?” I asked, half-smirking. “Get a radioactive spider to bite you? We’ll just have to find another way.” It might’ve helped if I’d thought to bring along a Mount Everest climber’s guide.   
Movement broke the stillness of the lavender water. Tiny bubbles popped and then disappeared. I leaned forward and peered into the ocean. Something glistened and swirled beneath the surface. “Did you see that?” 
“Oh yeah, baby!” Mike slipped out of his life jacket as his voice brimmed with excitement. “Maybe I can wrestle with a giant squid.” 
I slapped his arm playfully. “Focus. Don’t let your imagination run wild again.”
“I’m kidding,” he said. “It could be fish, and if that’s the case, they’ve got to come from somewhere. Maybe we can swim our way out of here like frogmen.”
I pushed back a long strand of hair from my eyes and heaved a sigh. “We’re not trained Navy SEALs, but I see your point.”
“It’s a great idea,” said Jack. “I’m onboard.” 
I nodded. “Me too. Let’s go for it. Mike, you lead the way.” 
He threw up a hand. “Wait. When did you two learn to free dive?” 
Jack’s brow furrowed. “We didn’t, but—”
“Then it’s settled.” Mike’s mouth stretched into a wide smile. “Since I’m the one who can hold my breath for five minutes, I’ll go search for an underwater way out.”
I had been cut from synchronized swimming last year. I let out a sigh at the remembrance of that embarrassing situation. But come on! It was gymnastics, aerobics, and ballet all combined in one, requiring strength, flexibility, and precise timing all while holding your breath—and smiling too. I sucked underwater big time and would certainly be of no use to Mike. 
Jack cut into my thoughts. “Mike’s right. He’s the most experienced one outta all three of us. He should go.” Jack spun in the water to face Mike. “No crazy stunts, okay?” He slapped him on the back. “Be careful and hurry back, bro.”
Mike pointed to himself and laughed. “Me? Pull a crazy stunt?” He playfully rolled his eyes. “Never.”
They laughed and traded fist bumps.
My gaze connected with Mike’s. “I hate it when you disappear underwater for long periods of time, especially now with all of this going on.” I pointed around me. “We don’t know where we are. What if it’s not safe?”
“Don’t worry,” said Mike, scoping out the water as if he had some kind of brilliant plan playing out in his head. He probably imagined himself riding out of there hanging on to the dorsal fin of a whale, and I knew I hadn’t signed up for that excursion. Dolphins, yes, but a fish as big as a submarine? Maybe not so much. 
Mike gave me a quick hug and pushed his floating life jacket toward me. “Hang on to this for me, okay? And try not to look so sad. This isn’t goodbye. Besides, what could possibly go wrong?” 
“You want a list a mile long?” I retorted.
He smirked, then took several large breaths before one giant gulp, and dove under the water with a splash. 
I called after him, my voice anxious. “Mike, no!”
A trail of bubbles trickled to the surface. Watching his toned, tanned body disappear deeper, I pressed my lips into a grim line. “We should go with him.” I peered at Jack, waiting for an answer. 
“Listen, we’d only get in the way. Mike’s our best chance at finding a way out.” 
I stared at Mike’s empty life jacket bobbing in the ripples. “What if the water changes to a dark color? He’ll be as blind as a mole, a bat, and a sea cucumber all put together.”
His gaze fixed on me. “It’ll only be for thirty seconds. If anybody can do this, it’s Mike. Remember, he’s a skilled free diver. He’s been diving on one single gulp of air for how many years now?” 
I hoped he was right, but somehow Jack’s reassuring words failed to convince me. I slumped on a nearby rock and closed my eyes, waiting for Mike to resurface. The seconds trickled slowly by. By the time the five minutes had passed, I couldn’t stop fidgeting with the hem of my life jacket. The surface remained undisturbed, not a ripple or a bubble in sight. Where is he? I pushed off the rock and peered into the water. “Do you think he’s all right?”
Confidence shone in Jack’s weary face. “Caves can have lots of chambers. Maybe he’s found one.”
I clutched my yellow vest, my heart racing. I tried to think positively, but it wasn’t an easy task. What if he got lost, or there’s been a cave-in right on top of him? Even worse, what if he’s run out of air? 
“Hey, can you guys hear me?” Mike’s voice echoed from the other side of the cave wall. “Are you two ready to make a prison break? I can see land, and it’s—wow!—you’re not going to believe it! It’s awesome.”
“Whoo Hoo!” shouted Jack. “Mike, you rock!”
I smiled, and the tears welled up all over again. “He’s okay, and he found a way out.”
Jack’s blue eyes lit up as he grinned. “This is the best news ever!” 
I cupped my hands like a megaphone and directed my voice toward the gap high in the rock. “Fantastic! You did it. Catch your breath and hurry back.” I smiled even bigger as Jack’s arms wrapped around my waist and spun me in the deep water. 
Minutes passed before Mike emerged with a gasp. Letting out the biggest sigh of relief, I threw my arms around him and relaxed in his embrace. His risk had definitely paid off. He sucked in mouthfuls of air and caught his breath. His green eyes bulged underneath the disheveled mess of blond hair. 
Meeting his gaze, I asked, “What’s it like down there?” 
“All I can say is…wow! The water turned crystal clear, and I saw everything—I mean everything! There were tropical fish, these cool-looking sponges, twisted rocks, amazing coral beds, and—” 
Jack laughed. “Slow down, slow down. You’re talking a million miles an hour.”
I loved seeing Mike so excited, especially since he’d found a way out. “Sounds neat.” 
He flashed his trademark smile. “It’s awesome! There’re colors down there that Crayola crayons has never even invented! And there’re all kinds of fish I’ve never seen before in my life.” He gave my hand a squeeze and then clapped Jack on the shoulder. “C’mon, guys. I found a hole about two minutes away. There’s an air pocket halfway if you need it.”
I gripped his hands tightly. “Are you sure? I can only hold my breath for a minute. What if I pass out?”
Mike grinned. “Hmm. In that case, I guess I’ll have to carry you out the rest of the way and give you CPR on the surface.” 
“Wouldn’t you love that?” said Jack. 
“I won’t be loving it so much if I have to suck your face too,” shot back Mike.
Jack gagged. “Gross.”
Mouth-to-mouth CPR? Well, that would be one way of getting Mike’s affection. It sounded like a brilliant plan, minus the passing out part. I didn’t want to spend another minute in that cave. “Okay, let’s do this thing.” I slipped off my life jacket, and Jack followed suit. 
The water changed to sky blue as Mike turned toward us. “On the count of three. One…two…three!”
I took a long, deep breath and ducked my head under the water. 
Mike held my hand, and we dove deeper under a rocky curtain into a gigantic subterranean chamber. The visibility there was awesome. The high walls were beautifully decorated in a kaleidoscope of marine life; from clusters of colorful anemones to large sponges, coral, and starfish. Thick carpets of strawberry anemones covered the bottom, and Jurassic-sized sea fans swayed in the current, like branches in the wind. I noticed every light and shadow and thought how wonderful they would look captured on canvas.
I grinned at passing tropical fish in startling reds, blues, greens, and yellows. There had to be zillions of them. My eyes opened wide as I noted their sparkling appearance, complex patterns, and vibrant coloration. The spots, stripes, and shapes were all different. I couldn’t identify most of them. Have we discovered some new, unknown species? 
Mike’s blond hair flowed out, waving back and forth to the rhythm of the sea. A stream of bubbles came out of his mouth as he smiled, his eyes wide. He picked up a huge stingray measuring at least five feet across, from wingtip to wingtip. Mike tugged my arm and pointed directly above them to a swirling hole. 
Good. It must be the halfway point where I can catch my breath. I reached out and touched the gentle giant as it swam out of Mike’s hands and disappeared into the sandy sea bottom. Too cool! It felt soft and slimy, like a big, wet Portobello mushroom. I resurfaced in a large air pocket and gasped for air. 
Leaning back against the hard rock, Mike asked, “You guys doing okay?”
I kept my arm raised so my head wouldn’t hit the sandy-colored and white marbled roof that looked like melted candle wax. “I’m doing good, thanks.” No way was I going to admit fear. Besides, I was an adventurous girl who was willing to try anything—at least once. “Jack, are you alright?”
He nodded and said between breaths, “This place…it’s incredible…the colors…the fish…” He let out a soft groan and turned away. 
I touched his shoulder. “What’s wrong?” 
“I cut my leg on one of the stalagmites, but it’s no biggie.”
“Oh, man, sorry you got nailed,” said Mike. “You okay?” 
“Yeah, I’m fine. I shouldn’t have swam so close.” Jack’s voice echoed in the small, confined place. 
“Especially since I left the needle and thread at home,” I said, trying to distract his pain with humor. 
“You sew about as good as I do painting portraits in your art studio,” he retorted with a smile. 
“That bad, huh? But if I saved your life, who’d care about crooked stitches?” I inched closer. “Let me see your gash.”
Jack clung to the wall, holding back a grimace. “I’m fine. Besides, it’s the least of our worries.” 
Minutes passed. I didn’t like the pressure on my lungs, but I trusted Mike. The sooner I got going, the sooner I’d find myself in an open space again. “The water’s clear. You guys ready?”
They both nodded. 
I inhaled one last time and dove back down again. I kicked hard to propel myself forward, gliding over a beautiful coral garden. The formations offered vivid patterns, fantastic shapes, weird textures, and unique colors I’d never seen before: bolder, brighter, and more brilliant than any I was used to from what I’d seen on previous dives. I couldn’t resist touching a colony of green coral as I swam by. In an instant, the entire colony changed color, from green to red. 
The pressure on my chest increased, and my lungs burned. I gave Mike’s arm a hard tug. He pointed upward to a giant hole in the ragged rock. I struggled, swimming as fast as I could through the natural doorway, and burst through the surface. Sucking in long gulps of air, I noticed radiant sunbeams glinting in Mike’s golden hair and Jack’s blue eyes. We were officially out of the dreary bug hotel and into the beautiful sunshine, and nothing could feel better. 
Jack caught my gaze. “We did it!” 
My breath came in quick, shallow heaves. “Yeah, and I’ve never seen anything like that. Those fish—”
“Told ya!” Mike pushed back his dripping hair from his eyes. “I would’ve taken you down there kickin’ and screamin’ if I had to.” 
“Yeah, and you might’ve ended up with a nice shiner,” I said. He laughed, and I turned my attention upward. Unmistakably, dual suns hung in the sky. “That’s no optical illusion, you guys.” 
“It’s a mock sun. I’m sure of it,” Jack insisted.
Mike pounded the water with his fists, splashing it in all directions. “Isn’t it awesome? Now, let’s go find a burger joint—and hopefully not a mock one.”
I smirked. “It’s morning, you goof.” 
Drifting clouds floated above them, turning from gold to brown, and then to purple, pink, and orange. I stared at the surroundings in awe. Morning mist hung over a landscape that stretched for miles and miles. Palm trees lined the beach, and in the distance, green mountains dotted with color towered high into the sky. Canopies of leaves in the glowing hues of autumn decorated the dense trees. Where the sun seeped through, the skyline seemed to sparkle, like something right out of a fairytale.    
“What’s up with the leaves?” asked Mike. “’Cause I swear it’s July, not October.”
Fall in the tropics? Even if it was, the leaves usually dried, dropped, and fell to the ground without any brilliant display of colors. “I dunno, but I’m going to paint this when I get back home—all of it! It’s going to be a masterpiece.” 
Jack touched my elbow and smiled. “I know it will be, but for now let’s get to shore.”
“Race ya!” I called over my shoulder. 
“Ohhh, you’re on.” Mike submerged and breached the surface a few feet past me, then cut the water with expert precision. He was so competitive and could never resist a challenge. 
Jack gave me a push-off and yelled to Mike, “You’re going to need that head start. She’s gaining on you!”
I heard Jack’s chuckle and a big splash behind me. I glided through the pink water in pursuit of Mike. That’s it. Remain focused. Good body position and kicking. All I had to do was roll my head easily to the side to breathe. Nice, smooth, long, powerful strokes. Steady rhythm. I can beat these guys. 
As I picked up speed, something brushed against my legs. I came to an abrupt halt, my gaze darting left and right as I scanned the surface of the water around me. I opened my mouth and took a huge breath. “What was that?”
***
      A surge of water crashed against my legs. The beach was still about 400 feet away, but at least land was in sight. I blew out a half-breath as I flung one arm out to try and swim for the shore. My stomach knotted as something gritty, like sandpaper, brushed across my ankles…again. I instinctively jerked back and swallowed hard, hoping it was something harmless, perhaps a sea turtle? “I felt something.” 
Jack treaded water a few feet behind me. “You mean, like a fish?”
“I…I don’t know. The water’s too dark to see.”
“It’s rocks, man. I just nailed one with my knee, but don’t worry, I’m fine.” Mike pumped his hands as he rose three feet out of the water, presumably standing on one of the underwater rock formations, all covered in slimy seaweed. I’d better start watching for jagged rocks since we  were getting closer to shore.
“C’mon, Mike!” I said. “My feet are dying to touch land.” 
His gaze darted about. “Hey, something’s not right.” 
“You’re sinking,” I noted. 
Mike’s brows twitched as the water swirled around his knees, his waist, his chest, and then his neck. He flapped his arms about as if struggling to keep his balance.
“Whatever it is, it’s starting to roll like a submerged log…and I’m no lumberjack!”
The ocean changed to a turquoise hue and my breath caught in my throat. Mike was standing on a twenty-foot fish! A whale?  
At the same time, I heard Jack gasp next to me. “That’s no rock. Get off!” 
Why isn’t Mike swimming for the hills? A rush of bubbles surrounded him and his eyes widened. I flailed my arms to get his attention. “It’s alive, Mike! Get outta there!”
A giant tail slashed past his legs with a whoosh, and then the thing was gone. Mike had been thrown aside and disappeared under the waves.
“Mike!” I said, my heart racing. The water turned emerald green. It was so dark, I couldn’t even see my hands and feet. “I’m going to go find him!” 
With perfect timing, as always, a blond head burst through the surface. “Whoa!” 
I let out a sigh as I hugged him hard. “Are you okay?” 
“Don’t worry. I’m fine,” he said, inhaling deeply. 
“What was that thing?” I asked.
The line of Jack’s jaw set. “A shark…and judging by its size, I bet it was a Great White!” 
I covered my mouth with my hands to stifle a scream. Only one word flashed in my head: shore. All I wanted was to feel the soil under my feet again. “I’m soooo outta here.” I took off with a vertical kick and a fast-paced hand-over-hand stroke. 
“Slow down, Casey!” Mike yelled.
“But it’s…it’s a freaking shark! I want to get away from it,” I yelled back, my heart pounding.
Jack caught up to swim beside me. “Try to use smooth strokes. You don’t want Jaws thinking you’re a wounded fish. Splashing around is like ringing a dinner bell and screaming, ‘Come and get it.’” 
My stomach turned at the scary thought. 
“The the last thing we wanna do is invite Jaws to dinner,” said Jack.   
“Gotcha!” I slowed my arms and legs, controlling each movement as I headed for shore. 
“Hey, guys. I’m afraid the dinner invitation’s already been sent out,” came Mike’s voice from behind me.
“What do you mean?” I asked. “Who invited the shark?”
“Well, by accident…Jack sort of did. Sharks could’ve picked up the scent of his blood from that gash on his leg.” 
Before Jack could reply, a splash in the distance caught my attention. Tiny ripples moved across the surface. My pulse quickened. I had to get out fast before… The water turned to a greenish tone of light blue. A dark shape headed straight for us—slow, careful, deliberate. A triangular gray fin broke the surface about thirty feet away. 
I froze, the sound of my breathing carrying through the eerie silence. I tried to hold my breath, certain that the shark would attack. Instead, the shape disappeared. My gaze darted back and forth, but the ocean was calm, without a ripple in sight. “It’s gone. Swim!”
“It’s back,” roared Mike, “and coming right for us!”
The fin approached, and it was now only a few feet away. I screamed. Would this be my final moment? The beast slowed down and sank underneath us like a submerging submarine. A shudder ran through me. I watched in disbelief as the menacing shadow glided below. So I make it through a horrible thunderstorm and lose my parents only to be eaten by a shark in the end? Oh, this can’t be happening. 
I clutched Jack’s arm and gasped. “It’s so…it’s as long as a school bus.” Pulling my legs up as high as I could, I blinked. It looked as though the giant shadow had split in two. I blinked again and pointed a shaking finger. In a high-pitched voice, I began to count more monstrous fins breaking the surface of the ocean. “I see two…four…ten…” More monstrous fins rose out of the ocean. “Guys! Guys! We need to get out of here,” I screamed louder as the sharks circled. “We’re in shark-infested water! They’re…they’re everywhere!”
“Crap! Keep on swimming,” Jack shouted. 
I waited for Mike to take off, but he didn’t move. “What are you waiting for?” I asked him in a strained voice.
His eyes bulged. “They’re blocking our path to shore!” 
I gasped. 
Jack held up a clenched fist. “Fight! If one attacks, give it a hard blow on its snout, eyes, or gills.” 
A large dorsal fin passed inches from my feet. I shuddered as the shark glided through the water like a torpedo. 
“Casey, ditch your silver ring!” said Jack. 
“What?” I gulped. “Why?”
“It’s too shiny. They’ll mistake it for fish scales.”  
Without any further questions, I slipped the band off. 
“Lose the necklace too!” added Mike. 
“My locket? But—”  
He nodded. “Hurry!”  
With trembling fingers, I ripped the chain off. I held my locket and my ring tightly in my hand. The water turned clear, and I could see long, sleek shapes darting past us. 
Mike stroked the skin of a passing shark. “Its belly’s white.”
“It is a Great White,” whispered Jack. 
“What’re you doing, Mike?” I asked, my stomach clenching. 
“If it’s going to eat me, then I at least deserve a chance to touch it.”
“You’re nuts!” I yelled. It was official: Mike would continue to be reckless, even when faced with death. 
Giant locomotives swam past me. My hands closed into fists, and I was prepared to fight. This has to be a dream, some kind of nightmare. I pressed my eyes shut and reopened them, but the sharks still surrounded me. 
SMACK! When the shark hit, I felt a crushing blow to my chest, like getting sacked when I played football with the guys. I sank a few feet beneath the surface and noticed the glint of silver as my locket and ring sank into the depths below me. Sharp pain radiated through my body, and it wasn’t until a salty rush of water gushed into my mouth that I jerked back to reality and began kicking and flailing my arms. I emerged, sputtering water.
“You okay?” Mike asked, his lips pressed together in a hard line. 
“Casey!” shouted Jack, eyes wide.
My chest heaved and I sucked in giant gulps of air. I touched Jack’s chest gingerly. “I’m okay…I think. Why the games? They keep swimming around us, and bumping into us. Why haven’t they just eaten us?” I shuddered at the thought. “Not that I want them too.” 
“They don’t know what we are,” said Jack. “They’re curious. It’s how sharks investigate.”
Every horrible shark story I had ever heard or seen on the Syfy Channel about mega-sharks played out in my head. I glanced at the circling dorsal fins. “We’ll have to swim past them. It’s our only chance…or else we’re dead!” 
“You don’t have to tell me twice,” said Mike. 
With a giant kick, I took off through the water. As I did, a shark rose out of the water and swam toward me, filling my vision with its beady black eyes, huge fin, and flared gills. Its giant tail sliced the water with slow side-to-side strokes. I had planned on getting up close and personal with numerous sea creatures while on vacation, but a close encounter with nature’s most efficient killing machine wasn’t one of them.
Terrifying jaws stretched open, revealing three rows of razor-sharp teeth. My heartbeat doubled—no, tripled—as I stared helplessly right into the creature’s jaws. My eyes widened as I let out a long, piercing scream. The beast’s body arched upward and then slammed fiercely back down into the ocean. Spirals of water shot high in the air, and then rained down over me. The deluge of water created intense waves that rocked me back and forth. I gasped as the monster disappeared into the ocean depths. 
“Stay where you are, Casey!” Mike shouted. “Its instinct is to go after scared animals, the ones that run away. I’ll throw it off by swimming right up to it.”
I gripped Mike’s forearm and shook my head. “That’s a crazy idea.”
“No way! Quit being an idiot, Mike!” said Jack. “If that shark doesn’t get you, the others will.” 
Mike took off his shark tooth necklace and held it like a dagger. “If I have to, I’ll blind the sucker with one of his uncle’s teeth!” 
Jack’s terrified voice cut through the air. “It’s coming back this way!” 
“I’m sure this’ll work,” Mike mumbled as he plunged after the creature.
“No!” I said. 
Jack yelled for him to come back, but Mike didn’t. 
A flash of blue-gray glided under me. I leaned forward in the water, scanning the depths. With great speed, a massive and distorted image shot toward me. My heart lurched. Death was imminent. This is it! The shark’s huge mouth hung agape, exposing those terrifying, gnashing teeth. Its mouth was so big that it wouldn’t even have to chew; I’d be eaten in one gulp. 
Suddenly, a blue-gray creature popped its head out of the water, sprinkling droplets on my  face. Opening its great mouth, it emitted a squeak and a series of rattling sounds, like someone clicking their tongue. Instantly recognizing the beast as a friendly one, I let out the breath frozen in my lungs. I giggled with relief; it wasn’t a shark, but a bottlenose dolphin.
Mike swam toward me, his loud voice piercing the air. “The shark I was chasing…it’s gone.” 
I smiled as more dolphins breached high out of the water like acrobats performing a show. A large adult dolphin squeaked louder than the rest. It slapped the water with its tail and urgently nudged Mike. 
“Okay, okay! I’m going back,” said Mike. “Bad idea to face the shark.” The mammal herded him back to me and Jack, in the same way a cowboy rounds up his cattle.
I wrapped my arms around Mike. “What am I going to do with you?” I hugged him tightly. Why does he pull such crazy stunts? If something happens to him while he’s trying to protect me, I’d never be able to live with myself. 
I felt a shove on my arm, like bumping into a wet inner tube, followed by a gentle poke in the side. Turning, I saw a dolphin. It seemed to be smiling at me, and unlike the mouthful of teeth on the shark, the dolphin’s just looked like a big, goofy grin.
It was as if the friendly dolphins knew we were in trouble and needed help. The other dolphins drew closer, pushing me, Mike, and Jack toward one another. Slapping their tail flukes against the surface of the water, the creatures swam in tight circles, closing us off from the sharks and creating a defensive barrier, like offensive linemen protecting their quarterback. The sea bubbled and splashed as more clicks, whistles, and squeals filled the air. I threw up an arm to shield my face from all of the saltwater.
My mouth dropped as I watched the scene unfold before my eyes. Other dolphins made clapping sounds with their jaws and ganged up on the sharks. Repeatedly, they used their long, pointed snouts to ram the sharks, poking them in their gray gills and massive white bellies. A wave of relief swept over me as the sharks turned and swam out of sight. I took a few deep breaths, trying to calm my racing heart. 
When I turned to face Mike and Jack, their smiles said it all: Against all odds, we’d survived. We all slapped each other on the back, giving out high-fives. The dolphins squeaked and leapt high into the air; they somersaulted and dove back into the sea, their waves splashing over my entire body. It reminded me again of some spectacular show at Sea World. 
I let my fingers run over the smooth skin of a passing dolphin. “I owe everything to these guys. Gazing down the throat of a shark wasn’t on my to-do list for this trip, that’s for sure.” 
Mike laughed and gave one of our newfound marine friends a pat on the head. “Yeah, it’s funny. I guess Flipper saved us from Jaws. If I had any fish, I’d give him and his friends like a million of them.”
“There are stories of dolphins rescuing humans, clear back to the times of ancient Greece,” said Jack. “No one knows why they protect us, but for some reason they do.”
A hopeful smile danced on Mike’s lips. “Do you think one will give me a ride through the waves? You know…like, I could hang onto its fins.”
“Seriously?” asked Jack. 
“Yeah.” Mike flashed his perfect smile. 
I couldn’t help but smile, too, as the dolphins swam circles around us before taking off. I waved goodbye to my good Sea-maritans as they quickly vanished into the distance. 
“C’mon guys, let’s get moving.” I started swimming for shore, with my two friends right behind me. We’d been saved once, but those sharks could come back any minute and there’d be no second chance.  
After what seemed like hours of slogging through the waves, I broke into a smile. “Hey, I can finally touch the bottom!” 
“Me too!” Jack shot me his easygoing grin. 
The sand felt thick as it oozed over the top of my tennis shoes. “Nothing’s more wonderful than feeling solid ground under your feet.” 
Mike moved swiftly through the water. “Totally. I’m starving after all that swimming.”
“Yeah, me too,” I said, “but I’m in no mood for seafood after almost becoming it.”
“Right. First thing I’m going to do is find a burger joint.”
Flapping wings, buzzing, and sudden movement caught my eye. “Look!” I pointed to the three glittering jewels flying in the sky. 
Jack whipped his head around. “What the heck?”
I couldn’t believe my eyes as the marvelous colors drew closer and closer at incredible speeds. A loud buzz, like a swarm of a million bumblebees, grew in volume. Elongated bodies, transparent wings, and multifaceted eyes glistened in the glow of the two suns. I gasped. “What’re those?” 
“Dragonflies,” said Mike, his voice filled with awe. “Big, giant ones.”
Every muscle in my body tensed. The miniature helicopters had to be the size of remote-controlled airplanes with three-foot wingspans. A blast of wind and spray hit my face, and I ducked my head as the red, blue, and green insects buzzed past me. 
Mike’s jaw dropped. “Man, did you see them? One of their bodies had to be as thick as my arm!” 
“We’ll talk about this more on shore.” With a burst of energy, Jack took off. 
“C’mon on…let’s catch him!” said Mike, overflowing with enthusiasm. 
I swallowed past the lump in my throat. “But…guys…we’re…we’re heading straight where those giant bugs came from.”

***

Pebbles shifted under my shoes as I waded to shore. My arms felt heavy and numb. The pain in my legs intensified with the stifling weight of my wet clothes. I panted from the effort. Only a few more feet to go. 
When my feet touched land, I shouted in victory, then collapsed from exhaustion. A surge of relief flooded through me, tinged with regret that my parents weren’t there. I thought of my locket at the bottom of the ocean, and wished I’d thought, in my moment of panic, to place it in my pocket for safekeeping, especially since it was a family heirloom, passed down to me from my grandma. My mom and dad had taken the necklace to the mall and inserted my favorite family portrait as a sixteenth-birthday present. I longed to see their faces again. At that moment, though, all I could think of was to get out of the water; how great it would feel to lie on a warm beach and dry off. My labored breathing eased, though my lungs still burned and my head pounded. 
Gentle waves lapped at the shoreline, inches from my face. I felt the gritty sand against my cheek. Rolling onto my back, I drew in a lungful of fresh air and let the suns beat down on my skin. My eyes fluttered open against the glaring light. I knew I had to get up, but I just lay there, unable to move.
Mike crawled out of the water and fell, face-first, into the white sand. Jack struggled to stand and tumbled down next to me. I inhaled the salty scent of the ocean, with its hint of coconut. Cheerful bird songs echoed through the air. Monkeys squealed, and a symphony of insects sounded in my ears. 
“We’re here…wherever “here” is.” Mike stood but then stumbled to his knees, spitting out sand and wiping it from his cheeks. He turned and faced the unbroken stretch of shoreline. “Looks like nobody’s been here for ages.” 
I searched the skies for a helicopter or plane, any sign of human life. Surely someone has figured out our location and will come for us soon. It’s only a matter of time, right? But with no supplies, time wasn’t on our side. My muscles ached from fatigue, but I forced myself upright. “Where’s the search party? I don’t want to be stuck on this rock with those huge bugs.”
“It’s early in the morning.” Jack reached over and squeezed my hand. “They’re probably scanning the water first since they knew we were in a boat. It’ll take time to search the islands. Besides, knowing your parents, we’re plastered all over the news by now.” 
His words gave me hope. I admired the breathtaking beauty all around me. Coconut palms dotted the sand, and the sweet scent of flowers wafted in the breeze. It was a tropical paradise like the kind you’d see on a postcard or some commercial for suntan lotion. A dense jungle peered out from beyond the sandy beach. “It’s like a Caribbean Eden. What country do you think we’re in?” 
“I wish I knew.” Jack stood and surveyed the unfamiliar area all around him. “An island was circled in red on the boat’s map. If we go by that, then we were by the main island of Viti Levu, but there’s no telling how far the storm blew us off course.” 
Mike’s gaze swept over the rainforest. “So, uh…you’re saying we could be anywhere?” 
“Just about,” said Jack, his jaw clenched. 
I scooted backward into the hot sand and sprawled out. It felt warmer than any winter coat I’d ever owned. The sugar-white sand glittered like snow in the sun on a cold winter day. I  scooped some of it up and let it slip through my fingers. 
Mike stared as if hypnotized by the beautiful sand. “It sparkles.” 
I wiggled my feet, watching the sand gleam all around us. “Yeah, just like at Coronado Beach. What mineral causes this neat glitter effect?” 
“Mica,” said Jack, dropping next to me, “and there’s a high concentration of it here too.” 
“Mica crystals, huh? I love it when you talk nerdy to me,” I said, nudging Jack, who then smiled. He loved it when people admired him for his smarts rather than just his good looks and athletic ability. 
Mike stripped off his wet shirt and wrung it out. When he did, I couldn’t help but stare. The sand wasn’t the only thing shining on that beach: Mike’s golden skin glistened, his chest thick with muscles. He playfully flicked water droplets from his shirt at me. “I wish I could Facebook or tweet all this craziness.” 
The only social networking I dreamed about reaching was a team of Navy SEALs or Army Rangers with a giant helicopter or an even bigger boat. 
“The two suns are pretty weird, huh?” I squinted at the bright horizon. 
Jack turned to face me, shading his eyes from the glare. “Those have to be mock suns. I’m sure it’s only an optical illusion.” 
“Yeah,” Mike snorted, “keep telling yourself that, Jack. You know what? I might’ve even bought your story if I hadn’t seen the strange water or all those weird-looking fish or the giant dragonflies,” he added with a dramatic tone to his voice. “For all you know, we could be in another dimension.” Mike’s imagination had a tendency to run wild.
Jack stood, shaking his head. “What…we’ve crossed over into the Twilight Zone or some ‘long time ago in a galaxy far, far away’? That’s a little extreme, isn’t it?” He wrinkled up his brow at Mike and twisted the front of his shirt with both hands, sending droplets of water plummeting into the sand.  
“So Casey, is my theory really that far-fetched?” asked Mike.  
“You mean, like the whirlpool being some kind of magical portal?” I laughed, unable to hold it back. “Sorry, Mike, but I haven’t believed in stories like that since I was five.” 
“I can’t tell you guys for sure where we are, but I do know one thing,” said Jack.
“What?” I asked.
“We should stay right here in this spot and wait for help.”
Jumping to my feet, I turned in a slow circle and scanned the landscape. My frown deepened. There were no people, no helicopter, no sign of anyone hurrying to our rescue; not even so much as a house, boat, or car; not even a sun-bronzed native hacking coconuts open with a machete or slicing up pineapple in a bamboo beachside fruit stand.
The jungle beyond showed no signs of civilization either. Wherever we were, the brochure would have been more likely to say “Undiscovered Paradise” than “Tourist Beach Resort”. “Where is everyone? There’s no litter on the beach—not even a pop can or bottle cap.”
A strong gust of wind blew Mike’s untamed hair. “Yep, this place is deserted as a ghost town.”
“Think the whole island is like this?” I asked, cocking a brow.
“We won’t know for sure until we explore the other side. Wanna hunt for a village or something?” Mike reached down, picked up a coconut, and shook it. “There’s no point sticking around here wasting time. We need to find help.” 
“But the jungle’s an easy place to get lost in,” said Jack. “The number one rule of being lost is to stay put.”
I nodded. “I agree. We should stay here for now.” 
Mike stripped off the husk of the coconut, and then pounded it against a sharp rock until it burst open, splitting in half and revealing the milky white flesh. 
I was always amazed at how quickly Mike could split a coconut. He was the king of coconut cracking back home on the beach. 
Mike stopped fussing with the coconut and glanced up, frowning. “Why do you guys think it’s such a great idea to hang out here? What if there’s help on the other side of this island?” 
“And what if there isn’t?” I said. “We don’t want to miss a plane. It might be our only shot at going home. Leaving this spot is stupid, not a chance worth taking. You guys do whatever you want, but I’m staying right here.” 
“So am I,” said Jack.
Mike scooped up a chunk of fleshy white fruit and popped it in his mouth. “Well then, it’s settled. If you and Jack are staying, then I am too. Splitting up would be a bad idea. And I’m not leaving my two best friends in the entire world.” 
Jack grinned and gave him a fist bump.   
Smiling, I slipped an arm around Mike’s waist and glanced up. “That’s so sweet.”        
Mike smiled, putting his arm around my shoulder and giving me a squeeze. He tipped the coconut back and took a gulp, then handed it to me. “Thirsty?”   
“Are you kidding? I might down all the juice in one swig.” 
Mike laughed. “Save some for Jack.”   
I took a long drink, made a face, and handed the coconut to Jack. “Ewww. It’s bitter.”
“The brown ones always are.” Mike placed his hand on the rough bark of a palm tree. “I’ll have to shimmy up and snag us a green one. They’re way sweeter and have more juice.” 
Jack sipped from the coconut and glanced up. “We might need to think about setting up a camp if help doesn’t come in a few hours.” 
“Wait…you mean, like, spending the night? Here? On some deserted island beach?” My stomach fluttered. I watched the waves crash against the shore. “In a place with two suns like some science fiction movie? With those huge things flying around? No way, Jack!” 
Touching my shoulder, his gaze softened. “It’s not like we have a choice.” 
I forced back the quiver in my voice. “We can’t survive out here. We don’t have any supplies—no food or water. All we have are the shirts on our backs and a bunch of bitter coconuts. Not to mention, we’re going to be eaten alive by mosquitoes. They’re probably as big as birds out here.” 
Jack took a thin piece of driftwood and poked through a mound of dried mud on the side of a palm tree. He shoved his hand inside the hole and slowly pulled it out. A squirming mass of termites climbed up his hand. 
I jumped back. “My gosh, Jack. Have you lost your mind?”    
Mike nodded at me, rubbing his chin. “The dude’s got guts. I’ll give him that.” 
The crawling army was obliterated into a brown goo as Jack rubbed both hands together. I cringed as he smeared it all over his face, arms, and legs like suntan lotion. 
Mike flashed him a smug smile. “Maybe Casey could get your back, lather it up really good.”
“After I do yours first,” I retorted. “So what’s with the bug juice anyway?” 
“It’s bug repellent, courtesy of Mother Nature.” Jack grinned, wiping his hands on his shirt and shorts. “Natives throughout the world have used it for centuries.”
Smart, sharp, and savvy. Guess he really is a Jack-of-all-trades. It was a great idea, not that I’d be trading in my mosquito repellant for squashed bugs anytime soon. 
Jack’s expression grew serious. “The point is, we can survive out here if we have to, so vanquish fear and panic. Value living. Remember your goal, getting out alive.”
“That’s so motivating,” I said. 
Mike gave Jack a fist bump. “Dude, that rocks. Where did you get it from?”
“It’s a quote from my dad’s U.S. Army Ranger Handbook.” 
Jack spoke with such confidence I almost believed him, but the doubts nagging at the back of my mind wouldn’t shut up for long.
Jack pointed to the termite nest. “Anybody care to try it?”
Crushed termites? I shuddered. “No way am I rubbing dead bugs all over me.”
“You will if those mosquitoes are as big as those dragonflies.” Mike’s mouth tightened into a grim line. “Heck, I’ll even do it.” 
My stomach dropped. Swatting at those freakishly huge insects with my bare hands wasn’t going to cut it. “This is all so crazy. I wish my mom were here. She’d know what to do.” Tears welled up in my eyes as I stared at the termites scurrying along the tree bark. “You’re sure you saw my parents being picked up?”
Jack pulled me into a comforting hug. “Positive.” 
My body trembled in his arms. “But you didn’t even see the helicopter. How do you know they made it safe inside? The waves were so high…” I paused and swallowed. “…and the wind reminded me of a hurricane. I—” 
Mike cut in, his tone gentle. He brushed a strand of hair from my cheek. “Now’s not the time to think about it, Casey.”
There was no need to argue with my friends when they were only trying to help. “You’re right. My parents wouldn’t want me to worry about them.”
“Exactly.” Mike took off the black cord with his prized shark tooth hanging from it. “I’m going to let you borrow my good luck charm.”
“Really?” I couldn’t believe it. Mike didn’t even take off that necklace for showers, let alone let anyone wear it. When he nodded in response, I swiped my hand over the white, smooth surface and the jagged, serrated edge. “You’re so sweet.” 
He stood behind me and fastened the clasp around my neck. “This is a symbol that you can survive anything.” Mike had survived a shark attack the previous year. The tiger shark had taken a giant bite out of his surfboard, leaving behind a souvenir—one of its sharp triangular teeth, which Mike had worn on a cord ever since. 
“Oh, Mike, I know how much this means to you.” I touched the necklace and closed my eyes. It meant the world that he would trust me with one of his most prized possessions, a tribute to his courage, resilience, and survival. My voice wavered as I thanked him. 
“I’ll be back,” said Jack. “I’m going to head into the jungle and look for fresh water.” 
“What?” I grabbed his arm, noticing the flush in his cheeks. “You said we should stay here.”
Without even meeting my gaze, Jack took a deep breath and blew it out. “Don’t worry. I won’t go in deep.” He turned and walked away, almost in a huff. 
What’s he mad about? Mike letting me wear his necklace? Big deal!
Mike ran after him, pulling me along. “Go without me? I don’t think so. I’ve been dying to check this place out.”    
“Yeah, we’re coming too.” I wasn’t going to let Jack contract some tropical virus or flu all by himself. Besides, I didn’t exactly like the thought of staying on the mutant bug-infested beach without one can of Raid at my disposal. 
Birds nosily chirped and monkeys squealed as I pushed through a tangle of elongated dark green leaves. My jaw dropped in awe. Monstrous purple and pink begonias, bromeliads, and orchids lined the rainforest floor. A gentle mist hung in the air and insects swirled in the rays of light filtering through the towering vine-draped tree ferns growing in groves like giant umbrellas on sticks with ten-foot leaves.  
“It’s like we’re in a Tarzan movie,” said Mike.
We forged our way through and hiked deeper into the dense jungle. The thick aroma of fresh earth and exotic flowers lingered in the air. As I marched along, my shoes squished in the soft, spongy earth. Something skittered and squeaked near my foot, jolting me into a small jump and stumble. “What was that?” I said.
Mike sidestepped. “Hopefully something cute and cuddly.”
I gaped at him. Only Mike would consider a disease-ridden island rodent, like some overgrown rat, a cute or cuddly pet.
“Just imagine the soft fur and those shiny red or black eyes staring at you as it inches closer, waiting to be cuddled in your arms.” 
Deciding to ignore him, I took a few steps through the vegetation until I slipped and fell sideways, bursting through clusters of large leafed plants and down a rocky hill. Somehow, I needed to slow my descent. Reaching out my hands, I desperately tried to grab a tree, a log—anything to stop my gravity-induced momentum. Rocks flew up from under me, and branches slapped my face, arms, and legs. Finally, I stopped rolling when my back and head hit something hard, the jolt sending shudders through me. I drew in a sharp breath and reached behind me, running my fingers along the bark of a tree. I rubbed my pounding head and blinked, groaning, with stars spinning in my vision. I gazed up at the humongous maroon colored leaves with tiny green flecks looming over me.  
Jack and Mike’s shouts echoed through the jungle. “CASEY! Casey? Are you okay?”
I had just opened my mouth to answer when I felt a tickling sensation on my head. Looking up, I let out a bloodcurdling scream. Multiple hairy legs slowly twitched, eight beady eyes glared with menace, and gigantic pinchers wiggled. The spider was ridiculously big, the size of a basketball—the Godzilla of arachnids. When it lurched forward, I gasped, pushing back on my elbows until my back smacked against the tree trunk.

***
I screeched as the mammoth-sized arachnid hissed and barreled toward me, its snapping mandibles only inches from my face. I swung around to grab a stick and then thrust it upward, right into the bulbous underbelly of the eight-legged freak. I wasn’t into hurting any kind of critter, but I wasn’t going to let that thing sink its giant fangs into me either. Hot, green liquid burst from its body and splattered on my face. The noxious stench of ammonia assaulted my nostrils. I covered my nose and mouth with my hand and gagged. If only I could lather myself into a frenzy with soap and water—anything to get the spider juice off of me. 
Mike and Jack burst through a patch of ferns. I jumped to my feet, my gaze connecting with Mike’s. My stomach churned. Oh, gosh! I’m gonna puke right on their feet! What will Mike think?
Mike grinned. “Looks like you took care of business.”
“Yep.” Sucking in a deep breath, I gripped my stick tightly, just in case that spider-thing came back over for Round Two. 
He wrapped his arms around me in a bear hug. “You sure have guts, girl.” 
“So do you.” I laughed inwardly. I knew he was talking about being brave, but after that hug…well…he now wore spider guts too. 
Jack’s voice rang through the air. “What the heck is that thing?”
I shrugged. “I dunno. You tell me.” 
“I’m not sure, but let’s get away from it.” Jack wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me in the opposite direction as the nearly dead spider lay upside down, twitching and squealing most grotesquely. In one swift move, it flipped right side up and crawled away into the brush. 
“This is just crazy,” said Mike. “Have you ever seen a spider that big before in your entire life?”
Jack shook his head. “Nope.” 
“Gross,” I muttered, wiping the slime off my face with my shirt. I took a deep breath and stared, horrified, at the sticky stuff. My heart still pounding hard, I wiped off the extra goop with a giant maroon leaf, pushing the giant creepy-crawly to the back of my mind.
Jack pulled me into his tight embrace, not paying any attention to my green, slimy clothes. “Are you okay?”
“My head aches, but otherwise, I’m fine. Thanks for asking, and sorry for giving you guys such a scare. I didn’t even see the hill in all those humongous jungle leaves.”
“Are you sure you’re okay?” asked Mike. “’Cause you took quite a spill.” 
I forced a smile. “I’m fine. Really, I am. Just got myself slimed, that’s all.” 
Suddenly, the screech of a bird made me jump. Slowly turning, I noticed a small flock caught in the giant webs, fluttering their wings, struggling like crazy. They looked so cute, and I couldn’t just leave them to their spidery fate. “Let’s take a sec and help these little guys out. They’re going to get eaten.”
I threw my stick down by my feet. I lifted my hand and slashed through the sticky mesh, freeing one blue bird after another. Sticking around to face my fear of spiders made me shudder, but the thought of the little birds being mummified and sucked dry made my stomach churn. 
Jack reached for a squawking bird, whispering, “Shush now. It won’t take long, little guy.”
“You can’t save them all,” muttered Mike. 
“Watch me,” I said, scooping another one up. “And you know, Mike, if you’d help us out, it’ll go faster.” 
“Fine, if it’ll get you two moving so we can get out of here, then I’ll help with Operation Bird Rescue.”
Jack stretched his hands and pulled down another bird, limp from shock and exhaustion. He gently pulled off the webs. Who knew how long the little guy had been there trying to escape? Jack smiled as it ruffled its feathers and stretched out its wings. The bird shot off overhead, disappearing into the sky.
I smiled at Jack. At least somebody has a heart and cares. Taking a deep breath, I grabbed another bird, using the tips of my fingers to unwind and peel away the sticky web from its feathers, beak, wings, head, and feet.
Minutes passed, and finally Mike declared, “That’s it. The last one’s free. Can we go now?” 
“Yeah.” My hands felt all sticky, like I’d been eating cotton candy at the fair. Grimacing, I wiped my palms on my shorts and picked up my stick. “Good work, guys.”
Soft chittering, like that of hundreds of insects, moved closer, coming from all directions. I glanced around, but I could barely see more than a few feet through the impenetrable bushes. Goosebumps rose up my arms; the hair on the back of my neck stood. “Wh-what’s that noise?” 
Something moved in the towering bushes. The maroon leaves speckled with green parted, revealing what hid behind. Spiders the size of a beach ball, even larger than the one I’d tried to smash, crawled on the tree directly in front of me. Gripping the stick, I turned in a slow circle. Spiders now crawled on every single tree around me. A shiver shot up my spine. 
“What the—” Jack’s mouth dropped.
Mike’s gaze darted everywhere. 
I clutched my chest as I racked my brain for an escape route and a possible battle plan.  
A hairy-legged spider rappelled down its thread and hung upside down just inches from my  eyes. I screamed again as three pairs of glossy black eyes bore into me. Stumbling backward, I tripped over a log and fell as the spider’s pincers clicked. I quivered at its shovel-like jaws, menacing things probably used for digging into soil, leaves…and flesh. I gasped and swatted at the thing before giving it one big kick. It tumbled from its web and scurried into the bushes. 
Mike flailed his arms, knocking a spider off his shoulder. “Why are they only interested in Casey and me? Not one is messing with Jack!”
I jumped up with a yelp. Sweat gathered above my brows and trickled down my face. Even thinking about creepy-crawlies made me cringe—and the more legs they had, the worse it was. I’d take mice, rats, and snakes any day over spiders (though I wasn’t sure yet if sharks were worse). The army of arachnids brought back the memories of the week I’d spent in a hospital after being bitten by a black widow. Ever since that horrible day, the mere sight of any kind of spider drove me into a panic. 
I gasped and felt the blood draining from my face. I shook my hair and swatted at my body in a frenzy. The feeling of something crawling over my skin lingered. I shuddered. “Get them off me!”
Jack appeared at my side and swiped at my back. “You’re clear.”
I spun again, my mind unable to believe him. My skin tingled. Scanning the trees, my eyes focused on the squirming black clusters. Yeah, those spiders better keep their distance if they know what’s good for them. I had a stick and wasn’t afraid to use it.
“There’s nothing on you,” said Jack. “I swear.” His words finally sank in. 
“Thanks.” I shivered at the thought of one of those hairy monsters crawling on me, but I pushed the thought to the back of my mind. I wanted to focus on getting out of there before another one decided to attack. I pointed my long stick to the left. “Let’s head this way—not so many spiders.” When Jack nodded, I took slow, measured steps, my gaze fixed on my feet so I wouldn’t spook the darn things.
“How can they even get this big?” said Jack.
Mike let out a weak chuckle. “Maybe it’s that weird neon water they’ve been drinking.” 
“Hey, we swam in that water!” I retorted.
Jack heaved a sigh. “Yeah, don’t remind me.” 
“I have no idea,” said Mike. “Maybe it’s ’cause we’re in the tropics.” 
I cringed as I pushed through thick, tangled webs. They hung between leaves and branches, streaming down around me like a haunted forest on Halloween, whipping against my skin. “Okay…I think I picked the wrong way.”
“We’re not turning around now,” said Mike. 
I shrugged. “It’s not like I have a GPS with me.” Suddenly, hundreds of high-pitched chirps rose again through the air, and I glanced around.
“Guys, look!” said Jack.
Crap. All around us, the ground had been transformed into a black squirming mass of spiders. The spiders had left the shelter of the trees and teamed up together. That could mean only one thing: They were on the prowl for a new meal.
“We’re surrounded!” My worst nightmare had come true, and terror consumed every cell in my body. Armed with nothing but a stick and two clenched fists, I inched closer to Jack. I clung to his hand with one of mine while swatting spiders with the other. I tried poking at their backs with quick jabs, but they didn’t budge. “Seriously, what’s with these things? Any other bug would run for its life. It doesn’t make sense.”
Glittering drops, off to the left, caught my eye. A large, thick, spiral-designed web was strung out the entire length between two trees, like a hammock or some kind of rope bridge. “The webs!” I yelled. “We can climb them.” Without waiting for an answer, I yanked on the strings of silk and starting climbing into a net of crisscrossed threads. They bounced slightly, reminding me of the cargo net at the fair, but they seemed strong enough to hold my weight.
Jack’s voice pierced the air. “Are you crazy? I’m not going up there.”  
“Suit yourself. But there’s nowhere else to go.” Mike shrugged and hopped on, clambering about twenty feet.
I rolled my eyes. “Jack, forget your fear of heights! Start climbing, or you’re gonna be spider bait!”
The spiders let out another round of high-pitched notes and Jack jumped back. 
“Hey, Jack, sure you don’t want to join us?” yelled Mike.
“On second thought…I might as well.” With a giant leap, he scurried up to us.  
Mike suddenly slipped, and the layers started to split, the white mesh collapsing. “Wait. This isn’t working! Three elephants can’t pile onto a spider web.”
I felt myself sinking, slipping as the threads stretched inch by inch, dropping me down to millions of beady-eyed attackers, like some kind of bad horror movie. I froze, wide-eyed, my pulse spiking by the second. What possessed me to climb onto a spider web, straight into a trap, like those little birds? Maybe we can try to reach the tree. But won’t the spiders just follow us up there? After all, that was where I had first seen them. 
Jack was climbing a few feet away from me when the thread snapped, sending him tumbling to the ground, only to land on his back with a moan. My heart jumped into my throat as the spiders pounced on him. I ignored the terror flooding through my body and forced myself to retreat down again. 
“Casey, wait!” yelled Mike, grabbing my arm. “They’re scrambling away from him, like he has the plague or something. Look!” 
I leaned forward to peer at Jack’s face. 
Jack let out a long breath. The spiders were backing away and creating a buffer zone around him. “Mike’s right!” called Jack. “Get back up there!”
I bit my lip hard as I watched Jack in action. Wherever he took a step, the spiders would immediately scurry back, like he was Moses parting a black, living sea. I could have sworn he held up an invisible can of bug spray. 
“Nice show, buddy. Now move it! It’s time for some tree-hopping,” said Mike.
“No, look! Something’s repelling them. I bet it’s the termite juice I rubbed on earlier.” He whipped off his shirt and motioned me to come down.
“What’s the plan? A striptease?” I asked, trying to keep my voice from quivering.
“The shirt’s for Mike. Would you settle for a piggyback ride?” Jack half-smirked, but the smile seemed forced somehow, as if it was plastered on for my benefit. 
I nodded, not failing to notice the terror in his eyes. “That’ll work.” I thought back to Jack’s termite-gut insect repellent, the one I had laughed at. Why didn’t I just lather up in that stuff? I scolded myself. Given my options, a bunch of dead termites was a lot better than a bunch of overgrown live spiders.
Mike and I made our way down the thick mesh of silky web. Jack crouched, and I jumped on his back, clinging onto him with everything I had. I pressed my cheek against his bare skin and clenched my teeth. If those things attacked, I wasn’t going down without a fight. I’d squash as many as I could before they took me out. 
When Jack took a step forward, the spiders scurried back, just as before. He tossed his shirt to Mike, accidentally hitting him in the face. “Use it to wave them away. The scent will repel them,” coached Jack.
Mike took the lead and started waving the smelly shirt back and forth in giant arcs. The spiders let out a chorus of high-pitched squeaks and moved away, dispersing in all directions to give him a clear path.
I clung to Jack’s strong shoulders as we walked slowly through the black sea of squirming spiders. Something brushed against my ankle, and I kicked as hard as I could, sending the spider, as big as a soccer ball, tumbling into a nearby bush. I tried to shake off the heebie-jeebies, but I knew any one of those bloodsuckers could drain the life out of their prey, probably in milliseconds. Each breath I took rattled in my chest. Just up ahead, I could see the most beautiful sight in the world: the jungle floor. 
Jack raced through the brush, his feet pounding over crunching leaves and snapping twigs. 
I gripped his shoulders even tighter, not daring to jump off just yet. “Think they’ll leave us alone?” 
Mike peeked through a frond behind him, groaning. 
My gaze darted over my shoulder. There were spiders galore. At that point, I realized Jack needed to put me down so he could run faster. A cold chill washed over me as I shimmied down his back. 
Jack turned and clapped my shoulder, his eyes flashing with fear. “RUN!”
His wise words and worried tone registered a second later. If Jack was panicking, that meant the situation was serious. He was usually Mr. Calm Cool and Collected. My stomach lurched. Forcing my muscles into action, I raced through the ferns, hopping over logs and darting around moss-covered boulders. My breathing came in labored gasps as I sped forward, not daring to take another look back. I could hear the weird hissing, chirping sound through the jungle behind me, and it sent shudders down my spine.
I jolted to a stop when I saw a deep crevice in the ground. I peered left, then right. The hole was several feet wide, spread out as far as I could see. I figured if we could leap across it, we’d be safe from the cold-blooded web heads. There was no way the spiders would follow us across the chasm. I glanced over my shoulder; the arachnids weren’t in sight…yet. Backing up to gain momentum, I bounded forward, jumping five feet to the other side. Mike and Jack followed right behind me.
I knelt to catch my breath. “Most spiders can’t jump. I think we outsmarted them.”
Jack looked around, trying to get his bearings. “Let’s head back to the beach. We have to figure a way to get off this island.”
I nodded when Mike pointed. “Um, guys, they really want a taste of their new protein shake.”
To my horror, the red-flowered bushes started to quiver and rustle as spiders emerged, leaping across the gap, much like a grasshopper, with no effort at all. I rolled my eyes at my own naivety. Did I really think those nasty things would give up so easily when we let their breakfast go? Geesh.
I bolted through the vegetation as ferns and branches slapped against me. After a few twists and turns through the brush and into a small meadow, Jack yelled for us to stop. I came to a halt, almost stumbling flat on my face. 
Jack threw his hand up and gasped between breaths. “Dead end! Canyon…”
I eyed the ravine—a vertical drop of hundreds of feet. It was at least a good thirty feet to the other side. The steep, rocky formations of the two opposing cliffs made me frown. We’d break our necks trying to climb down; or worse, one wrong step, and we’d be impaled on one of the millions of razor-sharp red-stone spires lining the canyon floor. I scanned the trees, bushes, and ferns for a more viable escape route. There were none. Only spiders slowly advancing like the old-fashioned monsters in some kind of B-grade movie on a Saturday night at the drive-in. Turn off the projector already! I bit my lip. “They’re coming! We need to stall them while we figure out what to do.” 
“I’m on it.” Mike charged toward the line of spiders, yelling like a banshee and swinging his arms in a wild frenzy. He frantically waved Jack’s shirt at the arachnids, like a flaming torch to ward off ravenous animals. The spiders scrambled back, hissing like a thousand angry snakes. How long would this ploy work? 
At the bottom of the canyon were several trees resembling California redwoods; their tops towered over her head. I pointed. “We could shimmy down one of those!”
“Good idea,” said Jack, “but that’d be like climbing down a thirty-five-story building without proper equipment.”  
Mike shook his head. “Plus, don’t you think those eight-legged freaks will follow us in a heartbeat? Want to be mummified to the side of a tree?”
“Of course not,” I said, though I wasn’t sure what other choice we had. I peeled away my sweat-drenched shirt, scanning the area for another way out.
Mike handed me a long vine, thick as a rope, from one of the trees growing close to the edge. “Well, then…it’s Tarzan time.”
“What, you’re gonna swing across this gorge? You must be delirious. Are you sure one of those spiders didn’t bite you?” I looked over my shoulder and gasped. The army of agile hunters were still stalking and pursuing their prey, probably counting down the seconds until they could sink their fangs into their feast. Being wrapped up like a mummy and having my blood sucked out wasn’t an option either. I gripped the vine, praying it wouldn’t break, and hoping that Mike’s crazy plan would work.  
Jack took a deep breath and threw his shirt back on. “Ready?”
My legs shuddered beneath me, but I wouldn’t admit to fear. Mike and Jack expected me to be strong, like one of the guys. I wiped my forehead and then nodded; ready to do whatever it took to save our lives.
***

Beads of sweat trickled down my face. Being chased by spiders and swinging across some canyon on a vine that could snap at any given second took “nerve wracking” to a completely new level. It would be a leap of faith…literally.  
Jack gripped a vine tightly, till his knuckles turned white. He gave it a hard yank and then turned to face me. “It’ll hold your weight,” he assured me. When my lips pressed together in a grim line, he gave my hand a reassuring squeeze. “You can do this.”
“Of course I can,” I whispered. I nodded and glanced over my shoulder one last time. Only feet away now, a myriad of eyes glared at me, and in an instant, the spiders sprang. In one fluid movement, I clutched the vine, pushed off, and swung through the air, cool gusts of wind rushing against my face and whooshing in my ears. The rubbing of the vine and the creaking of the branch from the stress of my weight made me groan. If this thing breaks...
Mike’s shouts echoed in the air. Extreme sports was always his thing, not mine. Relief flooded through me as I landed on solid ground on the other side. I hadn’t been liquefied into spider food, and I hadn’t splattered like a watermelon at the bottom of the canyon. Letting go of the vine, I fell on the soft grass, thanking God I was okay. My gaze drifted over to the spiders on the other side of the canyon edge. “Yeah, I’d like to see you try to jump that one!”
Jack smiled and held out a hand to help me up. Triumph flickered in his blue eyes as his dark, wild hair was tousled by the wind.
Standing a little too close to the edge, Mike shouted, “I don’t know what you are, but I’ll be sure to Google you when I get back. So long, suckers.” His strong arm hooked around my waist, making my heart flutter. “Isn’t gloating fun?” 
I smirked, squeezing him back. “C’mon. Let’s go.” I focused all my energy on walking straight ahead and refused to look at whatever else might be in the trees. The thought of anything squirming made me shudder. I scanned my surroundings again: just lush, green jungle. There was no sign of spiders, but that didn’t mean they couldn’t be somewhere there, hidden in the thickets. I shuddered at the thought and grabbed Jack’s arm.
He gave me a pat on the back. “Let’s try this way. We can’t let spiders keep us from finding water.”
Mike nudged her shoulder. “Hey, Casey. How’s your throat?”
My throat? “Huh?”
“Well, you were screamin’ pretty loud back there.” Mike put on his concerned look, but I could see the amused glint in his eyes. “If you want, I can take you back to the fires.” 
I could have slapped myself for acting so wimpy. What would Mike think? Okay, from now on I’d put myself in Lara Croft mode and show off every single tomb raiding skill I knew. After all, I had a blond-headed Indiana Jones to impress. 
I put on a brave front and slugged him. Mike liked his girls cute, but he also liked them to have guts—the kind of guts I used to have when I was pure tomboy and had no problem dangling creepy-crawlies in their faces. “No way! I’m game if you are.” I pushed past Jack and stomped down on some enormous green and purple leaves. “Tell ya what. I’ll even lead the way.” 
“Tough, strong, and fearless. Now that’s the Casey I remember,” said Mike.
Yep. Lara Croft all the way. I hiked through ten foot tall ferns and clusters of giant oval-shaped leaves and finally found a way to cross back over, without negotiating a huge gap in the canyon. While trekking through the jungle, I breathed in the salty air.
“Smell that? We’re back by the ocean.” I smiled when the sound of rushing water echoed from our right. I craned my neck, trying to see over giant blooming plants. I parted the large fronds and peered through. My heart jumped. Winding deep into the tropical rainforest was a magnificent river. Crystal clear water trickled over moss-covered rocks. Tiny red and blue fish—normal-sized, thank God—darted about. “Check it out!” 
Jack gave me a high-five. 
Mike grinned, picking me up and swinging me around. I felt dizzy when he put me down—and not just from being spun in circles. Wasting no time, Mike knelt down and cupped water with his hands, taking a long drink. 
Jack held up a hand. “Wait! Shouldn’t we boil it first? Maybe we could use coconut shells or something.” 
Small, smeared animal tracks lined the riverbank. I pointed down. “Look. There’s footprints everywhere. If these animals are drinking it, then it must be safe.”
“I don’t recognize these tracks,” said Jack, studying the imprints in the mud. 
“Because they’re smeared.” I scooped up handfuls of water and let the refreshing liquid slip down my parched throat. Then I splashed my face. 
“Just to be on the safe side, maybe we should still boil it,” said Jack. 
I shot him an exasperated glance. “Okay, but I highly doubt the size of those spiders has anything to do with this river. This is an awesome find.” 
He nodded. “Yeah, it is. You can go up to three weeks without food, but only three days without water. And another thing…this could be our Plan B. You’ve just got to have a Plan B.”
“Plan B?” asked Mike, washing his muddy sandals in the water.
“Yeah. We can follow the river if help doesn’t come. It might lead us to civilization, like a village or something.” Jack knelt down and swirled his hands in the water. He had probably come to the conclusion this was the closest thing we were going to get to a sink…a tub…or even a shower. 
“Works for me,” said Mike.
I dipped my hands into the cool river and rinsed off my arms and face, and then splashed water on all the dirty spots on my shirt. The gross green spider goo came right off, and it was a good thing, because the thought of spider guts being smeared on me made me gag, Lara Croft or not.
Jack’s gaze swung to me. “Whatcha think of my plan?” 
“Sounds like Plan B to me, as long as we don’t run into any more of those spiders.” I bit my lip as a thought occurred to me. Following that river wouldn’t help us one bit if this island was uninhabited, but I was sure that didn’t matter. We’d be rescued soon anyway. My parents would be relentless, hot on the Coast Guard’s tail. Unless…Wait! Does the Coast Guard even come out this far? Maybe it’ll be the Fiji Navy. My mom and dad would be hounding someone until their daughter was found. 
As I bent to tie my shoe, a hard object jammed into my hip. I reached into my pocket to retrieve my cell phone. My heartbeat sped up; I’d forgotten I even had it. If it worked, then there’d be no need for boiled water, coconuts or a Plan B or anything! I flipped it open and stared at the black screen. Even pressing the ON button didn’t work. I felt like crying and screaming and tossing the useless cell on the ground, all at the same time—maybe even stomping it to pieces. “It’s dead…completely waterlogged,” I said aloud.
Mike’s shoulders lifted in a shrug. “Guess texting for a pizza is out of the question.” 
“I was thinking more along the lines of an exterminator myself.” I smirked as I removed the battery and dried off the phone with my damp shirt. “All kidding aside, there’s still a chance the phone might dry out. It’s a waiting game now.”
Leaning against a tree, Mike blew out a breath. “What does it matter? No way we’ll get a signal out here in the middle of nowhere.”
“We can still use it to flag down a rescue plane,” said Jack. 
Mike gave him a puzzled look. “If it’s fried, how’s that going to happen?” 
Jack reached for the phone and ran his fingers over it. “The outside is silver. The suns will reflect off of it, and we might be able to signal a plane. A flash of light can be seen from fifty miles away.”
“Really? That far?” I asked.  
“Yeah, and you can use anything shiny too, like a belt buckle or canteen.” He handed the cell back to me. 
I slipped the phone and the battery into my pocket. “There’s nobody else I’d rather be stranded with than you, Jack.” 
Jack wrapped his arms around me. I could feel his heart racing. He put on a good show, but I knew he was scared to death. “It won’t be long before we’re back home,” he said, squeezing me tight. 
“The sooner, the better.” I held back a sob, knowing that crying would only make things worse. I had to stay strong. “Okay guys, so what’s the very first thing a group of castaways should do for survival?”
“Find a volleyball and name it Wilson?” retorted Mike. 
I couldn’t help but smirk. “No, Tom Hanks.” 
Jack brushed his dark hair out of his eyes and smiled. “Start a fire.”  
Grinning, I met his gaze and held it. “You got it.” 
His grin grew even bigger. 
I motioned around me. “Let’s start collecting some tinder, twigs, and lots of wood. We’ll make a big, giant, blazing fire—so big that even a satellite from space will see it.”  
“Great idea. Let’s get a pile going.” Jack began picking up some smaller-sized logs.
Mike blinked. “Tinder?”
“You know…grass, leaves, bark—stuff to start a fire. You do watch Survivor, right?”
“Yeah, but we won’t need a fire until tonight when it cools down…if we’re even here that long.”
“Fire will scare away any spiders or predators—not to mention that smoke can be seen for miles and miles during the day.” I paused to pick up an armful of dry, twisted branches and then continued. “The sun—or make that the suns—will set, and then what? Nothing sucks more than making a fire in the dark, especially with no matches or a lighter. So let’s get started, ’cause I swear I’m not staying the night out here.” 
Jack took a few steps forward and motioned toward the beach. “The international distress signal is three fires in a triangle thirty to fifty feet apart. Doesn’t matter what country we’re in. Every rescue worker knows it. At the first sign of a plane or helicopter, we’ll smother them with palm leaves so they’ll smoke up good.” 
“Wow,” said Mike. “You have that Mr. Einstein thing nailed down.” 
Jack smiled, a twinkle in his blue eyes. Because of his easygoing nature, he never took Mike seriously. He was proud to be a jock as well as a brain.
I reached for another branch. My shoulders ached, and I could barely see over the high pile in my arms as my thoughts drifted back to my family. I would never have dreamt in a million years that I’d be torn away from my parents and be shipwrecked. I bet my parents were worried sick. How could a vacation go so wrong?
“Hey, do you need any help?” Jack’s biceps bulged as he pulled at a heavy log embedded in the forest floor. 
“Nope. I can carry my own weight.” I tried to hide the quiver in my voice but didn’t quite manage. No way did I want to be labeled a whiny, helpless girl.
Jack let go of the log and called over to Mike. “Hey, one more thing… Don’t forget we need a fire if you plan on eating. So if you don’t help, Casey and I will be eating hot, grilled fish. And you—” He paused and then continued, “I really hope you love sushi.”
“Ewww, gross!” I gave him a weak smile, thankful for the diversion. Jack always knew how to distract my worried thoughts. I turned my head and caught Mike’s smirk. 
“Cold, raw fish?” he asked. “Is that supposed to scare me? You know there’s nothing I won’t try once.” He walked toward the beach with a load of wood. 
“Wait…I’m coming! My arms are about to fall off.” I ducked under the tangle of vines and made my way out of the jungle. 
“Hey, looks like we’re further down the beach,” said Mike. 
I nodded. “Yeah, that explains why we didn’t hear the river when we first got here. Well, that along with all those loud waves, chirping birds, and noisy insects.” 
As Mike staggered ahead, his footsteps started to give off light—lots of it. “Whoa! Mike, look at the sand.”
He smiled. “Didn’t we discuss this already?”
“Time to discuss it again. Your footsteps are lighting up. Check it out.” 
“Whoa! Has to be from the suns really beating down on all those mica crystals.”     
I squinted and set down my load. “Yeah, but how does it give off light like that?” 
“You’re right. Something’s up,” said Mike, kicking the sand around with his shoe.
Jack appeared beside me, carrying a long, heavy log. I glanced at his powerful body and broad shoulders. Thrusting his shoulders back, he adjusted the weight. “Like I said before, it’s plain old sand mixed with tons of mica.” 
“Good old mica, huh?” Mike threw up handfuls of the white, sparkling stuff. 
“Awww.” I covered my head as the sand rained down on me. As much as I liked Mike, he could be so childish sometimes. A sparkling flash in the air blinded me. “Did you guys see that glare?” 
Mike shook Jack’s shoulder. “Is this all crazy or what?”
He hesitated. “That’s… Wow! Do it again.”
I brushed my clothes off. I grabbed two fistfuls of sand and threw them toward the ocean. 
“Check it out!” said Mike. “Are we still going with that mica theory?” 
A barrage of shimmering particles flew through the air, reminding me of a bright, white flash in a fireworks display. “No way is that plain old sand. That’s paranormal sand of the freaky kind,” I said.
Jack threw his log down on the rest of the pile and then wiped the bark and debris from his hands on his shorts. He dropped to his knees, swirling his hands around. “The sand’s hotter now. It’s like the heat from the suns is somehow activating the mineral compounds. They’re glittering like crazy, even lighting up when stirred.” He picked up a nearby stick and scribbled his name in the sand. 
To my surprise, the grains of sand twinkled. “I’ve traveled around the world, and I’ve never seen anything like this.” I raised my eyebrows. “Let me try.”   
Jack tossed me the stick and I wrote, “Casey was here.” Sure enough, the words started to glisten. 
His eyes locked with mine. “It’s glittering like some sort of neon billboard.” 
I leaned closer to the scratched letters. “Yeah, it…it’s like an electric sign. I can’t believe what I’m seeing. What’s going on?”  
“I haven’t a clue.” Mike plopped himself right down in the freaky sand, like he was back home in California, trying to get a tan.  
Jack’s eyes widened, his tone urgent, as he took the words right out of my mouth.
“Are you crazy? Get up. We don’t know anything about this sand, and you’re lying in it!” 
Undeterred, Mike stretched out his arms and legs and flapped them back and forth.
“Jack’s right.” I nudged his leg with my foot. “Stop rolling around in that stuff!”
“We were lying in this stuff after we swam to shore.” Mike raised a hand to shield his eyes. “Listen, the damage’s done. If we were going to turn into zombies or sprout some kind of superpowers, it would’ve already happened. As far as I know, I don’t have X-ray vision,” he said with a smirk. 
Mike scrambled up and took a step back from his creation. The sand angel sparkled as if it were sprinkled with thousands of tiny diamonds. A moment later, the sand particles began to sparkle and shimmer, slowly at first, but then very quickly, until it reminded me of an animated logo. He dropped to his knees, his mouth gaping wide. “Now…that’s a sand angel.” 
“Wow!” I said.  
Mike shook my shoulder. “You’ve got to paint this when we get back home!” 
“Yeah, man. It’s on my list with all the other freaky stuff.” I bent closer to examine it. The particles were as fine as dust as they scattered through my fingers. I’d never seen anything like it; but then again, the entire island and its odd two suns seemed like something my mind could have conjured up. I glanced over for Jack’s reaction, but he looked away.
“How does it do that?” Mike kept shaking his head, his voice filled with awe.
“I just…I dunno,” said Jack.
Jack seemed a little freaked out by it, but I knew exactly how to divert his attention: We had to focus on how to use this stuff to our advantage, rather than dwelling on all the weirdness. “Hey, guys, why don’t we write a humongous SOS or something?” I asked. 
A smile lit up Jack’s stern face. “Oh, wow! That’s a great idea. We’re bound to get someone’s attention.”  
I picked up a long stick and traced giant letters in the sand. I could only hope the SOS message was big enough for a helicopter to see from the air, if anyone even bothered flying in that direction. I pushed the thought to the back of my mind, together with nightfall and giant man-eating spiders. I swallowed and forced a smile. “Guys, I’m going to make it bigger—waaaay bigger. Why don’t you two dig some holes for the fires? We can’t waste precious time.” 
Gazing out across the sea, Mike picked up a palm-sized flat rock and threw it. It skipped ten times along the glossy surface. He pumped his fist in the air. “Oh, yeah!” 
I lifted the hair up off my neck. It was only morning, and the suns had scorched my skin already. What would we do come midday? A trace of irritation rose up inside me at Mike’s childish behavior. Jack, on the other hand, seemed able to focus. Why couldn’t he? “Mike, what’s wrong with you?” I said. “Don’t you want to be rescued? ’Cause it kind of seems like you don’t.”
Jack nodded. “Yeah. Stop screwing around, man. We need your help here.” 
“Okay, I’m coming.” Mike dropped his handful of rocks and dusted off his shirt and shorts. 
It was a good thing he was getting the message, because skipping stones wasn’t going to get us off the island. I raised my voice slightly to get my point across. “We’ve got one chance if a plane flies by. That’s it…just one chance.”
Mike sauntered over and picked up a few pieces of driftwood. “Point taken.” He shot me a gleaming smile. “Besides, I can never say no when you flash those gorgeous baby blues,” he said, as smooth and charming as ever.  
My heart skipped a beat. Was that a compliment? Naw. He always says that. It means nothing...right? I knew flirting was as natural to Mike as breathing. I placed my hands on my hips. “Those lines won’t work on me. I’m not one of your love-struck fans.”
“Immune to my charm?” he asked, dropping his wood into the pile I’d created.
Punctuating my words, I jabbed a finger in his chest. “Yes…I…am.” But I wasn’t, and for that I could have kicked myself. Why can’t I just tell him about my feelings? Would he really laugh at me? Could he possibly take me seriously?
Mike winked and pulled me close. “But I’m irresistible.”
He was. His strong arms felt good—so good. I gazed up into his eyes—those sparkling green orbs. My breath froze as I watched the suns glint off his tousled blond hair. He stroked his thumb down my cheek and smiled, and I smiled back. I knew I was playing with fire, and I wondered if Mike would burn me the way he burned all the others. Closing my eyes for a brief moment, I wondered how it would feel to have Mike as more than a friend. But why dwell on something that’ll never happen? He was all talk and had no problem flirting endlessly with any and all girls, including his best friend. He couldn’t be serious about getting them rescued, and he couldn’t be serious about having feelings for me. It was hopeless.
“Don’t you dare treat her like one of your groupies,” said Jack. 
Yeah, Mike had lots of those—beautiful girls lined up at his feet, begging for his autograph and catering to his every whim, like he was some famous movie star. 
“Chill out, okay? I’m sorry.” Mike’s gaze shifted to my SOS. I smiled as he whistled. “Whoa! I’m blinded. Where’re my shades?” He took a step back and covered his eyes. “It’s shining like a Las Vegas banner. They’d have to be blind to miss that! And I don’t think they hire many blind pilots these days.”
Jack dropped another piece of driftwood into the giant pile. He brushed sand off his hands. “Your award-winning masterpiece is going to get us rescued. Guess we don’t call you Picasso for nothing.”
I smirked. “Thanks.” I watched Jack’s muscles flex underneath his t-shirt as he went back to work. He was a star athlete, and he’d led their California high school teams to countless victories in swimming, football, and basketball. But Jack wasn’t vain like Mike, who held countless titles himself in the world of surfing. Mike and Jack were as different as day and night, even though they shared many common bonds: dirt bike riding, videogames, snowboarding, hiking, and breaking records of every kind, both with a roomful of trophies and ribbons and medals to prove it. Jack smiled when he caught my gaze, and I returned the grin. He had the prettiest blue eyes! If I didn’t know any better, I’d have sworn he wore blue contacts. 
Mike fell to his knees and threw a pile of sand over his shoulder. “I got the last hole for the fire pit.” 
A soft, cool breeze blew over my face. It felt wonderful against my hot skin, but I hoped it wasn’t too windy for them to get a spark. “So, what’s the best way to get these fires blazing?”  
Jack shrugged. “The old-fashioned way, I guess—rubbing sticks together.”
I grinned and nudged his arm. “Great! So we should have fire by sometime tomorrow.”  
Meeting my gaze, he smiled. “I know a bunch of different ways. It’s primitive, but eventually we’ll get a spark.” 

* * *

Jack placed piles of palm leaves next to each of the three fires. “We should stay right here on the beach. This area’s open, and a helicopter will have a very good chance of seeing our distress signals.”
The suns shined brightly and the cool morning breeze felt good on my face. I threw another log into the fire. I thought about rescue. How long will it take them to find us? Other questions haunted me too. Will we really have to stay the night here? Where will we sleep? I assumed we’d have to make a mattress and blanket out of dry vegetation. Palm fronds and tree bark sounded kind of itchy, though, and sharing my bed with freakish bugs that would latch onto my skin and suck me dry of every red blood cell in my body…well, that wasn’t going to happen either. I decided I’d gladly shower in that termite juice of Jack’s to repel every living insect or arachnid within a fifty-mile radius. 
I wasn’t worried about food anymore. Mike and I could catch fish with our bare hands, and Jack could skin them. We had water to drink, plus a fire to stay warm at night and cook with. The flames reached into the air like long fingers as I turned the crackling logs with a stick. Sparks danced like erratic fireflies. The rising heat scorched my arms, and I stepped back. “I’ll start looking for some bigger logs so we can—”
A loud sound in the distance interrupted our conversation. The wailing shriek echoed, like a cry from some savage beast. I whipped my head around as I jumped. “What was that?” Shivers ran down my spine, and Mike and Jack exchanged worried glances. 
“Hey, Jack. You’ve been around the rainforest with your mom on all those photo shoots,” said Mike. “What kind of animal was that?” 
“Can’t be sure. I need to hear it again.”
Mike shook my shoulder. “Dude! It sounded like a lion.”  
That was something I didn’t want to hear. The hair on the back of my neck stood at attention again. “No, it can’t be. They’re only found in Africa or India…aren’t they, Jack?”
Eyebrows raised, Jack stared at the direction of the sound. “Pretty much."
Mike bounded toward the jungle without a second thought. 
I shot Jack a look, and he just shook his head and shrugged. Why does Mike always have to prove something? Or does he really crave excitement and risk that much?
“Yo, Mike!” I yelled. “Where the heck are you going?”
“To check things out!” he yelled back. 
Jack huffed out a breath. “We better go get him.” 
“Yeah, or he’ll hunt that thing deep into who-knows-where.” I ran after Mike, twigs and branches snapping under my feet as I trailed through the tropical foliage. He didn’t get far before I reached him and pulled at his shirt to get his attention. The last time he’d tried something so idiotic, he was four years old. He’d chased two deer into the woods, and a search party found him six hours later. I guessed he hadn’t changed his thrill-seeking ways, or maybe it was just bred into his DNA. “Are you insane?” I gripped his arm to draw him closer, but he quickly pulled away. “This isn’t the time or place for playing big game hunter. Listen, we need to stay close to the fires.” 
Mike pushed branches aside, took another step into the dense vegetation, and then straightened to listen. “I can’t see anything.”
I stepped in between the towering tropical plants that sported large elephant ear-like leaves. I scanned past the black and green, splotched vegetation. “I don’t see anything either.” 
Another roar. I swallowed, my pulse drumming. “What is it?”
“I think it’s a howler monkey.” Jack shifted his stance as he peered through the giant leaves. “I heard them in Brazil. You can hear them from miles away, and their calls sound more like a roar than a howl. I bet it’s fighting over territory.”
I blew out a loud breath. “So why’s it over here? We’re not in South America.”
Jack shrugged. “I have no idea. Mike, whatcha think?”
“Maybe a pet got loose.”  
I placed a hand over my racing heart. “Anything’s possible. If it’s nothing but a monkey, then I’m not going to get all stressed out over it.” The chirping of birds intensified, overshadowing the rhythmical crashing of waves against the shore, and I took that to be a good sign. I knew wildlife usually clams up when a predator approaches. The birds were just more proof everything was A-okay.  
I touched Mike’s shoulder. “I can’t believe you’re out here chasing wild animals. Do you have a screw loose?”
He smiled, shaking his head. “You make me sound like a lunatic.”
“Aren’t you?” I asked, playfully slugging him.
“As one of my ex-girlfriends put it…” He winked. “I’m beautifully flawed.” 
I laughed. Beth used to say that about him all the time. Every guy at their school dreamt of dating the gorgeous Beth. It was funny that he labeled her a “girlfriend” when they’d called it quits after only two months. But that was a record for Mike. If Beth couldn’t hold onto Mike, I thought, then how could I possibly tame him? Beth was right about him being “beautifully flawed,” as those flaws made him individual and unique. “How do you stay so calm, anyway?” 
“I think of something funny, like Jack’s haircut,” Mike whispered in my ear.
I smirked, staring at Jack. What girl wouldn’t want to run a hand through Jack’s wild tangle of dark hair? With that hair, those blue eyes, and that athletic build of his, he was definitely a catch. But then again, so was Mike, complete with his shaggy surfer hair that girls love so much.  
Another thunderous roar echoed through the jungle. This time, everything became silent, except for the ocean. 
Mike’s eyes widened, and his head slowly turned to face the direction of the roar. “I’m really hoping that monkey has had its rabies shots.”
My heart leapt at the noise. It didn’t sound like any monkey I’d ever heard. My imaginings of what it might be twisted my stomach into knots. I so much wanted to believe Jack—that it was just a harmless monkey, howling from miles away—but in a world of two suns, colored water, monster dragonflies, glowing sand, and basketball-sized spiders, who knew what kind of crazy creature was out there waiting to attack? 

To be continued…

Agartha's Castaway - Book 2 (Trapped in the Hollow Earth Novelette Series) is available now!
 

If you enjoyed this story, please let others know by adding a review. This helps others find new authors that they may have never heard of before, but may enjoy. Thank you, I appreciate it so much. Thank you for your support.

Please feel free to leave me your thoughts and comments on my wall or feel free to message me. Chrissy Peebles Facebook Fan Page. 

Sci-Fi/Fantasy Series


Agartha's Castaway is a nine-book young adult sci-fi/fantasy novelette series. All for FREE!

Watch the Agartha's Castaway series book trailer!
Vampire Series

Crush is book one of a four book, young adult vampire series. Book one is FREE!

His precious touch could prove deadly…

When Taylor Sparks moves from New York City to Big Bear Lake, California, her life is forever changed when she meets a hot guy with winter-blue eyes named Jesse. Their attraction is instant, the chemistry undeniable. But sadly, things aren't adding up. Taylor wonders what her 'crush' is hiding. When her new friend, Fred tells her his suspicions about Jesse being a paranormal creature, Taylor laughs. But when Fred turns up dead, she believes every warning he ever told her.

Taylor is shocked to learn that Big Bear Lake isn't just glittering lakes, towering pines, and breathtaking mountains...there's more...way more than meets the eye. Will Taylor dive into a paranormal world she knows nothing about? To be with the one her heart can’t live without? Or will her life spiral out of control when she learns her blood is needed...to lift an ancient curse from a group of supernatural beings. Werewolves will serve as her guardians and protect her until the first full moon of the new year. The night of her sacrifice… Will she accept her destiny? Or will she refuse to let evil swallow her up?

Crush is being featured in an anthology called, Darlings of Darkness. There are nine other vampire stories. It is FREE on all major eBook retailers! 

Meet the women behind The Darlings of Darkness and visit our Facebook Darlings of Darkness Fan Page. 

Zombie Series


The Zombie Chronicles is a young adult series available in e-Book, paperback, and audio. Book 1 is FREE! Warning: Mild violence. For mature teens or older.

Watch The Zombie Chronicles Book Trailer!

Val was bitten by a zombie and now she’s scheduled for lethal injection. Breaking all the rules, eighteen year old, Dean Walters snags an experimental serum. But it can’t be tested until Val turns into a zombie: something authorities won’t allow. Her execution is scheduled to happen before transformation is complete, giving Dean only hours to break her out. When their helicopter crashes straight into the heart of Zombie Land, his rescue mission becomes a fight for survival…and giving up on Val is NOT an option.

Book 1 of The Zombie Chronicles is being featured in an anthology called, Darlings of Decay. There are thirty-two of your favorite female authors in this Best Selling story! Best of all, it is FREE! With over 325,000 words and featuring some of Amazon's Best Selling female authors of horror, this is certainly not your typical anthology book!

Sit back as your favorite authors of zombie lit take you on a wild, horrifying ride that will leave you breathless with their own unique versions of the zombie apocalypse. Meet the DARLINGS OF DECAY and visit our Facebook Darlings of Decay Fan Page.


Fantasy Romance Series


The Ruby Ring Saga is an adult paranormal fantasy romance series. Book 1, Eternal Vows is FREE!



The Enchanted Castle Series is a young adult fantasy romance. Book 1,Enchanted Castle is free in the series.

Book 1 of The Ruby Ring Saga, Eternal Vows is being featured in an anthology called, Five Shades of Fantasy. This star-studded anthology consists of five bestselling novels by five bestselling authors with a bonus excerpt. Five complete action-packed and totally swoon-worthy novels each with a different genre in the fantasy and romance you love the most. 

Meet the women behind Five Shades of Fantasy and visit our Facebook page at Five Shades of Fantasy Fan Page. 




Smacking Back
(A Short Story)

By
Laura Bradley Rede



Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2013 Laura Bradley Rede

All Rights Reserved.

No part of this work may be reproduced in any fashion without the express, written consent of the copyright holder. Smacking Back is a work of fiction. All characters and events portrayed herein are fictitious and are not based on any real persons living or dead.
Smacking Back originally appeared in a special YA issue of Coyote Wild magazine.



Smacking Back

Laura Bradley Rede


Smacking is a crime like meatspace rape, but people don’t see it that way. It’s been a crime since back in 2031, Jackson versus Holver. (It looked me up.) Even the name “smacking” comes from that court case – “Scanning the Mind in the Absence of Consent.” A person can do meatspace time for that – not just denial of access codes or execution of avatar, real physical confinement. So you can guess that upping or downing on someone without their consent would be at least that bad. Wait. It’s looking me up right now. Yep, like five years in prison.
I look across the cafeteria to where York and Brian and Zan and are sitting at their usual table and I try to think of them as criminals. It’s hard to do – hard even for me, and I know what they are capable of. They are just too beautiful to be criminals, and I don’t just mean their avatars, because I can see them in meatspace, too. My access rig is really olden, totally external. It’s built into a pair of glasses like they used to wear in the time before gen-mod fixed people’s vision problems. The brain interface is set in the part that curves behind my ear. The screens are in the lenses. It’s a lot more cumbersome than the contacts people have now with their optic nerve access, but my parents are teachers, yep? We haven’t got the credit for that. And my olden rig has one big advantage: I can look at the screens and see someone’s avatar, or look over the lenses and see her as she really physically looks.
In the case of someone like York, the two things are different, but they’re both beautiful. Personally I think it’s silly for genetically modified kids to have avatars – it’s a redundancy of beauty, layering the neuronet generated image over their genetically modified bodies. But a lot of the gen-mods still do it. I guess for someone like York, too much is never enough. This week, York’s avatar is an angel: big white wings, wide blue eyes, rosebud lips, standard avatar “ten” rating body with its big breasts and nipped-in waist. Her long blond hair is in constant motion, like she’s standing in a breeze.
The meatspace York is shorter and more athletic looking, the kind of girl who belongs on the top of a cheerleader pyramid. Her hair is a spiky pixie cut but it’s just as blond as her avatar’s and her eyes are just as blue.
Brian looks a lot like his avatar, too. (Frankly, I don’t think that he is bright enough to come up with anything too different.) In meatspace, Brian is a football-player. He’s gen mod like York, but his genes have been modified for strength, not beauty. On the neuronet his avatar is a hulking, muscle bound guy with flaming hair in our school’s colors, silver and blue (which, if you ask me, is taking school spirit way too far.) 
Zan is a special case. A few years back he used to be into the whole Imp thing – you know, gen mod kids who decide to reject perfection and embrace Imperfection by mucking up the designer bodies Mommy and Daddy chose for them. They pierce and tattoo and scar like olden “punks.” (Let it look you up. It’s pretty mint.) Imps don’t do avatars. They’re totally meatspace, very analog, but I guess Zan gave up the Imp thing. His piercings are all healed over and most of the scar patterns on his cheeks have been removed. His hair is back to its natural black and his tattoos must all have been two-year-fades because they’re almost completely gone, dulled to gray ghosts under his skin, so you can barely make out the names of the Imp bands he doesn’t listen to any more. These days he’s into Ray-beat and Crystalline music, so of course his avatar is black with a smooth-shaved head. Nothing like the real Zan of course, but equally brooding, equally intense. 
Zan is extremely handsome. 
But he is still a criminal.
And of course I will be one, too, if everything goes according to plan.
I try to block it out. I don’t look like a criminal either. My avatar is just a one-off. We couldn’t afford anything too different from the “real me,” so my avatar is just a slightly airbrushed version of myself: no zits, hair not so stringy, no space between my front teeth, but otherwise the same pale, skinny little me. I could have squirreled my credit and paid for a more “deluxe” model, one with a bra size in the positive numbers, but what good would it do me? Everyone I know has seen what I really look like and I’m not going to be one of those girls who scrape the Net for virtual affection. I know that beggars can’t be choosers but the thought of sex in virtual has always freaked me out. Last year, Krystal Karr and her boyfriend D’Shall were called out for having net sex during class and D’Shall was my lab partner. Pretty frail, yep?
Soon, of course, all this won’t matter, because I’m sure I will be caught for what I’m about to do and I’m sure that part of the punishment will be texile: technical exile, kicked off the neuronet, denial of access codes and – yes – execution of my sorrific little avatar. All that is for certain, although I’m not sure how long the texile will last. That info is trying to look me up right now. I can feel the net sending it at me again and again, trying to respond to the question in my mind. But I’m blocking like mad so the info just bounces off my defenses like a flock of sparrows off a picture window. Finally I get fed up and let one in.
Fifteen years. The texile is fifteen years.
The thought makes me gasp, which is a big mistake because it gets York’s attention. She looks up at me and smiles. I’m looking over the top of my glasses so I get her smile in stereo, both she and her avatar hitting me with a double dose of pretty. She turns to Brian and the two of them get up in unison and start walking towards me, Zan shuffling behind them. Ordinarily, I might try to run, but today I fight the urge and stay planted on the bench of my cafeteria table – my usual spot, where I sit alone.
“Cassie!” York smiles warmly at me. “What’s down?”
“Nothing,” I say, “what’s down with you?”
“Oh, you know.” She fiddles with her necklace. It’s one of the new kinds, with the tiny colored chaser lights tapped into the net. Hers are pulsing in time to a song I can’t hear, but I’m pretty sure Zan can because his head bobs in perfect time to the flashes. “Life’s pretty mint,” says York. “Except I was busy at cheer practice last night, and I never got a chance to crack that file – what was it called? You know, with the bugs?”
“Lord of the Flies,” I say.
Her face brightens. “Oh!” she says, “so you read it? Then you don’t mind if we down it, yep? I mean, I’d gladly just get it off the net, but since Mrs. Hollis is so frail about that sort of shit, since she walled us out of any net sites about the book... You don’t mind to you?”
I can never get over how York can be so polite about raping my brain. She is looking at me expectantly, her blue eyes wide. I want to yell read it yourself! But after the first few times, I learned to not say anything. It doesn’t do any good. Better to save my energy for recovering when they’re done.
But this time is different.
“No.” I say it so quietly that even I can barely hear it, but I know York has heard me because her blue eyes narrow and the blond hair of her avatar begins to blow faster, like a storm is coming in.
“What did you say?”
“No.” I say it a little louder this time. The boys exchange a look. Brian looks excited, like a dog that smells a steak. Zan just looks nervous.
“No?” York’s voice is quiet and fierce. She leans so close to me that I can smell her cherry lip gloss. “Maybe you didn’t hear me, Cassie, but I didn’t have time to crack the file and the test is today so you are going to let my friends and I down that scam book or you will get Smacked again, you understand? These boys and I are going to hack your head.”
I could give it to them, but it wouldn’t help. There’s always something more, some last answer they think they need, something they think I’m withholding. They will Smack me no matter what. And today? Today it’s part of the plan.
I don’t say anything.
“Fine,” says York. “Let’s go.”
Zan and Brian are on either side of me in an instant, half lifting me off the cafeteria bench, propelling me through the bustling lunch room. York walks a little ahead of them chatting about nothing in a loud, happy voice, waving casually at friends as we pass. Everyone is her friend. Everyone waves back, even Mrs. Morales, the teacher on cafeteria duty, who is standing by the door. Not one of them looks at me. Not one of them notices. Brian’s thumb is digging into the back of my arm.
We are out of the cafeteria doors and into the hall in moments. There is almost no one around, just a few stragglers headed for the lunch room, a kid rummaging through his locker. He looks up as we pass, but his eyes are on York, not me. We pass a bulletin screen on the wall. Its pixels swirl into an image of York’s avatar with the words “York Westaford for Prom Queen.” The image winks at me as Zan and Brian push me past it, into the side hall. There are no lockers here. The hallway just dead ends into a janitor’s closet. York opens the door and the boys shove me in.
The closet is dark and crammed with cleaning supplies. We are pressed so close that I can smell Brian’s sweat mixed with the stinging scent of bleach. The broom beside me rains down dust but I’m too tense to even sneeze. I push my back against the wall, bracing myself.
“You do it,” York says to Brian. He doesn’t need any more prompting than that. He grasps the thick silver ring on his right hand and slides it down his beefy ring finger. It telescopes as it goes until it fits snugly on his fingertip. He takes my face in his hands to hold me still. His breath in my face is hot and panting. He slides his finger up behind my ear, pushing my glasses away from my netport, and my eye screens disconnect. His fiery hair winks out as his avatar disappears, and I’m left staring at Brian’s real face. His finger probes behind my ear, finding the net port and pushing the cold metal of the ring inside.
I gasp. The pressure in my head is building like a balloon about to pop. I can feel his net probe pushing deeper, deeper, and my defenses stretching like saran wrap pulled to the breaking point, until something snaps and the connection is made, and I feel my mind pouring out into his, gushing like water through a hole in a dam, my thoughts and memories spilling out of me. I’m hemorrhaging information, but it’s not what they want. Brian is rummaging through my mind, searching for the brain file. It’s like he’s going through a file cabinet with a fire hose. I can hear my own breathing, ragged and choked. Brian’s hand on my jaw is the only thing holding me up now. If he let go of me I would collapse.
Brian keeps his right hand connected to my net port, but he lowers his left. The part of me that is still aware of what’s going on in the broom closet sees York take his hand, her ring probe connecting to his. Zan takes her other hand, linking up, ready to receive the goods.
And I’m ready to deliver them.
Brian finds the brain file marked “Lord of the Flies”. I feel him slide inside it and rip it open.
But of course the book is not there. My research spills out first, history accounts from olden paper news clips about nerdy kids who snapped and went on shooting sprees at school. Stories about the first pandemic and the spread of viruses, and even more olden stories: Typhoid Mary, patient X, blankets laced with smallpox, the story of the Trojan horse – every metaphor I could think of. Fair warning. They could pull out now.
York’s blue eyes are filled with annoyance, then confusion. The chaser lights on her necklace start spinning faster and faster until her necklace is almost a continuous stream of light. I can feel her backpedal, trying to disconnect, but the information is coming too fast and furious now – not news clips and bits of history any more, but memories, my personal memories of every other time they have Smacked me. I am leaking images, emptying brain file after brain file: Zan snatching my glasses and tossing them off the fire escape, York and her friends spraying perfume in my eyes as the laugh about how much I stink, Brian bragging to his friends about how he brain-scanned the little technic and scored an A on a project he never did. I let them feel it all and then some. I’m overwhelming them. Brian is trying desperately to disconnect his ring from my net port, but he can’t get it out. York is swooning with info overload, and I’m still spewing data. It feels good in an awful way, like throwing up when you’re really sick, the kind of horrible that you hope will make everything better. I’m almost empty.
Then suddenly something’s coming back at me. There’s a data loop. Someone else’s brain files are streaming into my mind. 
It’s Zan. I can see him clearly – not the way he looks now, but the Zan of two years ago, back when he was Imp. He is shorter and skinnier than I remember him being. He looks exposed without his avatar armor, hidden only by the green hair that flops in his face and the scrawl of tattoos on his arms. He is slumped against his locker, cradling his right hand. His thumb is bleeding and I know without being told exactly what happened: He’s been glued. Someone put adhesive in the thumb pad of his lock, so that when he went to give his thumb print to open his locker, he got stuck. I can tell from the look on his face that this isn’t the first time. He looks like he might cry. Instead, he bangs his bleeding hand over and over again on the locked door, leaving bloody thumb prints all over the whitewashed metal.
I can hear the late-bell ringing. Beside him the last few stragglers are slipping into class. Some of them make fun of him as they pass. I can clearly hear York’s laugh.
Back in the dark closet, I reach out my hand and grab Zan’s wrist, pulling his hand away from York’s, severing their connection. He stumbles back a step into the brooms and mops and his thoughts evaporate from my brain just as the virus I designed surfs out on the last of my memories, into York and Brian. I reach out and wrench Brian’s fingers away from my netport and Brian and York fall onto the floor, still grasping each other’s hands. There is no light in York’s necklace now. I’ve shorted it out completely.
For a minute, everything is quiet.
“Oh God,” says Zan, “are they dead?”
I shake my head. “Virus,” I say. “They’ll be back online in a few weeks.” I can see York’s chest rise and fall so I know she’s breathing. I adjust my glasses to reconnect to the net and the three of them are instantly shielded by their avatars. York’s angel wings are crumpled. Her halo is askew. Brian’s hair fire is out. Both their avatars have been damaged, so they keep flickering in out of existence. One minute York looks like a fallen angel and the next like an ordinary teenage girl.
Except of course York isn’t ordinary. She’s the head cheerleader, the future prom queen, the most popular girl in school.
And I crashed her brain.
The thought should make me happy. After all, there is no question in my mind that York deserved it. And doesn’t this make me a sort of folk hero? A geeky technic vigilante, out to avenge the wrongs done to frail-faced losers everywhere. I wait for the elation, but all I feel is dizzy. The closet spins a half step to the left, and I stumble. Zan reaches out to catch hold of my arm. I look at him and notice that he’s disabled his avatar. It’s probably just because it was damaged, but still, it’s nice. I can see every one of his scars.
“Why did you disconnect me?” he asks.
I shrug. “I saw the way you were before.” 
He ducks his head, embarrassed. “You think I’m frail.”
I shake my head. “But I do want to know why you’re their friend.”
He thinks about it for a long moment. “I guess I couldn’t beat them,” he says.
I nod. That’s honest. Neither of us finishes the thought: If you can’t beat them, join them. I want to hate Zan for giving in like that, but I can’t hate him completely. Would I have done the same thing if I had the choice, the option of being perfect, enough money to buy the illusion? I can’t say for sure I wouldn’t join them. Looking at York and Brian slumped on the floor, I can’t say for sure that I haven’t joined them already.
“So,” I say, “I guess you’re going to turn me in.”
Zan shakes his head. “We deserved it. An eye for an eye and all that.”
An eye for an eye. A mind for a mind. My head feels hollow, scraped out from the inside. The neuronet is pelting me with information, desperately trying to fill the void. It’s news clips mostly, stories about kids like me who got too fed up to take it anymore. The data’s still glitchie so the dates are missing, but it doesn’t even matter. It could be 2035 or 2014 or 1982. It’s all the same. I step over York’s unconscious body and for a second the net is confused and switches our avatars and it looks like I’m York. Like I’m the fallen angel. Like it’s me lying on the floor. 
“I beat you,” I whisper, but it looks like I’m talking to myself.
Suggested Questions to Think About and Discuss


1. This story imagines a future where our minds are connected directly to something like the internet. Do you think this will actually happen? When? What would you like about it? What would you hate?
2. Smacking Back is about cyber bullying as it might look in the future. What does cyber bullying look like today? Have you or anyone you know ever been affected by bullying online?
3. The characters in Smacking Back have avatars that let them look however they want. Would you choose to have an avatar if you could? Why or why not? If you would, what would it look like?
4. Cassie chooses to fight back against the people who bully her. Do you think she made the right choice? What would you have done in her situation?
5. In the story, the teacher on lunchroom duty seems oblivious to the fact that Cassie is being bullied. In your experience, are teachers aware of bullying at school? What could teachers do to help people who are being bullied?
6. .Cassie chooses to disconnect Zan when she learns that he has been bullied, too. Do you think she made the right choice? Or should she have infected Zan with the virus, too?
7. Zan was once bullied, but he joined the bullies because he felt he couldn’t beat them. In your experience, do people who have been bullied ever become bullies? Or does the experience of being bullied make them more compassionate towards others who have been victimized?
8. How do you think Cassie expected to feel after she “smacked back”? How did she actually feel?

Bonus question: Have you read Lord of the Flies? Why do you think the author chose that particular book as the file York wants?

Bonus project: Write your own short story that takes place in the world of Smacking Back, or in another near-future high school. What kinds of technology might they have in your story? How might school be the same or different in the future? If you want, you are welcome to send your stories to me, author Laura Bradley Rede, at laurarede@hotmail.com. I would love to read them!



Cyberbullying Prevention Resources:


Stop Cyberbullying
http://www.stopcyberbullying.org/index2.html

Stop Bullying.Gov (Info on bullying and cyberbullying)
http://www.stopbullying.gov/what-is-bullying/index.html

Do Something.Org (11 facts about cyberbullying. Eye opening statistics.)
http://www.dosomething.org/tipsandtools/11-facts-about-cyber-bullying#

Common Sense Media (Good video and tips broken down by age)
http://www.commonsensemedia.org/cyberbullying



About the Author


Laura Bradley Rede is the author of the YA paranormal romance series The Darkride Chronicles (Darkride and Crossfire). She received Writers of the Future award for fantasy and science fiction and is the author of numerous YA short stories. She lives in Minneapolis with her partner, their three children, a huge Great Dane, and a small flock of chickens. You can find her at www.darkridechronicles.com 



More Books by Laura Bradley Rede


Darkride (The Darkride Chronicles, Book 1)
Crossfire (The Darkride Chronicles, Book 2)
The Strongest Ring (Free YA short story)








QEYA

A Heaven’s Edge Novella
By
Jennifer Silverwood



Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2012 Jennifer Silverwood

Edited By
Jessica Augustsson

Cover Art By
Jennifer Silverwood
Edited By
Najla Qamber 
http://najlaqamberdesigns.blogspot.com/


Smashwords Edition, 

License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

“Some battles choose us.
The rest we must choose.”
-Qeya Orona ne Datura



I
FORGOTTEN


My childhood lullaby was the metallic blend of grinding gears, of hissing hydro fans and the growl of plasma engines burning.
It had been so long since our feet had trodden the soft soils of Datura that we would have tripped on solid ground. No other mining vessel had spent as long in the heavens as us. Explorers were few and far between, so deep on the rim of the universe, that when we chanced upon each other, our visits turned into one long party.
Mother and Father, who led because they had been born to lead and couldn’t function any other way, asked the usual questions. “Have you been to the Center of late? What changes have come to the core worlds?” And their answers were always the same.
No change, no reassurance that our home world was free from tyranny and the royal family could return at last. We were cursed to float eternally on this hunk of scrap metal, doomed to never set foot off of it.
“Qeya, you must be patient,” Mother would insist. “Soon you shall ascend. Only then will you be old enough to join the search crews. But for now, continue in your lessons, prepare for our return. Do your duty and watch over those who look up to you.”
Occasionally we felt the need to stretch our heaven legs on the surface of an uncharted world. This far out on the Rim that meant every habitable world we came across, because no one had bothered to map it before. Most of the stars we passed by only harbored dangerous worlds, giant balls of poisonous gasses and violent storms. We never lingered long there, only enough to gather essence from the sulfurous airs to power our engines before we sailed on again. But sometimes the shuttle Pioneer found something. Sometimes they found aliens with strange skins and eyes and tongues used to curse rather than welcome us. This wasn’t surprising though. Few worlds near the Center were capable of sustaining the fragile balance of life. Here on the Rim, few were balanced enough to support thinking peoples. So we didn’t expect to ever find a world we could colonize and name for ourselves. And Father would never dream of landing Datura 3. 
“This ship is our home among the heavens, until the day of our return,” he’d said once. “After the Federation is drawn up and ready for my print, then we will take on the Guild.”
But unlike my parents and all the other adults on our ship, I knew the truth. We were never going back.
I had just turned fifteen that season and memory of my home world was fading even for me. Yet there were so many things about our palace—the way the twin baby suns reflected off the opalescent walls and silver streams, the way the abandoned ocean cities shone with the light from below, the way the air near the palace always smelt like fresh qeyas, our sweetest flowering fruit—that I could never forget. Impressions like memories stayed with me long after the seventh year of our journey turned.
Arvex made fun of me because I was named after a fruit, but at least I wasn’t named for him, the reason we could never go home again. Father’s sister had joined with a core worlder who brought his poison to the inner courts just before Arvex was born. Mother says in the beginning we listened to his ideas of peace with the Galacian warrior king because we were tired of fearing what might happen otherwise. All roads seemed to be leading to a civil war between the inner worlds. He said an alliance was our only hope of keeping peace with the Guild. But now my father’s sister is dead because of him and we are exiled while he rules from our palace.
Older than me by two years, my handsome brother was meant to be king, and I his Orona, the healer. We were next in a line that reached beyond written history. No one knows why the king needed his sister to be a healer. Even the word orona outdates any language on Datura. My father’s sister told me she believed it was from the time before our ascension. Two ages have passed since we dwelled beneath the seas that coated most of our planet. Long enough for us to forget that our way had been any different from what it was now. For seven thousand years, this is the way it has always been on our watery home world, as even as the moon tides. Only in our lifetimes had the cycle changed and our parents did not know how to cope.
This is why we were not like the thousands of other refugees who found the nearest good worlds beyond Galacian influence and settled down. We just kept sailing until the black holes grew thicker around us, until we’d reached the areas where our star charts no longer had any names. Arvex was the first one to dub the Rim, the Edge, among us. This added to his popularity but the sad truth was he wasn’t the first to introduce new slang. Pirates said they called it the Edge because if you sailed beyond this part of the heavens you would fall down an endless abyss of nothingness.
 “Here there be monsters, dragons,” they say. Here was the edge of the universe.
“Qeya!” A blur of platinum braids blocked my view out the window to beyond. I grimaced. Only three of us had the rare silvery hair of the northern clans and her two elder siblings had already ascended to the deck above ours. Hanea was a year younger than I but a much taller and willowy creature. Recently the other boys had begun to notice how well she filled out her leggings and tunic, boys like my brother Arvex.
Did I mention the one downside to living on a massive ship with the same people for seven years? No escape.
“Here I find you of course!” She laughed brightly with a glance at the glowing lights of the beyond, of other worlds and their stars. She heaved a sigh. “Doesn’t it ever bore you to just stare out that window all the time?”
I shrugged. “What else should I be doing?”
She bristled, just as I knew she would. Hanea and people like her were products of breeding. She was perfection in her heeled boots, her flawless grace created to be an ornament for some influential politician. There was nothing of use about the poor thing, and out here, it was clear she did not belong, just like the rest of Father’s crew. This is why the pirates we occasionally ran into, or explorers and traders too poor to stay near the Center, found us so fascinating. We were a miserable collection of the brightest, best and beautiful of our world. Unfortunately, we had no purpose on the Edge. We didn’t even run the leaking ship! That job belonged to the miners we’d hitched a ride with during the evacuation, miners people like Hanea had nothing to do with.
She jutted out her lower lip in a childish pout. “Why must you always be so difficult, Qeya? You’re never any fun.”
“Fine...” I fought the inclination to hit her and dampened my temper. Turning to face her vexed green eyes, I gave in to what we both knew she was really asking. “What else do you want me to tell you? You were joined with Arvex the day you were born. So I don’t see why it matters what he thinks of you.”
Hanea gasped, grabbed my covered wrists in a panic. “How can you say that? Of course it matters. Arvex is so good and worthy. I want to be best for him.”
Rolling my eyes I glanced behind me at our deck, where those too young to be counted were locked away. When the elite adult members of our crew took over the miner ship they attempted to recreate our castle arrangements. So to keep the miners and us out of their way, our parents took the top deck and placed us on lockdown in second. Here we continued the lessons without the aid of palace tutors, trained our bodies for the battle we were one day meant to fight. For those young enough to remember no other life than this, second deck seemed ideal. We ruled ourselves, acted as though we called all the shots. We were our own mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters. What they did not understand was our studies were a way to confine us, keep us pure from miner influence. It was a smart way to keep us under the watchful care of our parents but out of the way of those navigating the controls, or the miners working below.
Every deck was lined with rooms or quarters ringing the center. Our hovel-sized homes might be the length of our bodies only. Male and female quarters were placed on opposite ends of the long divided hall. The common area was where we studied, ate and, for those young enough, played games. Lit with luminous globes reminiscent of the green shades of Datura, the common area had been redecorated soon after our families admitted exile. Motifs of the ancient scripts and slide projections of home world covered the walls. Everything was simulated to make the transition back to our birthright easier for the ones who couldn’t remember it.
Ten great families had escaped the desecration of the palace that night. My parents had been one half of the ruling House. Had we not escaped when we did, all of us would have been put under the scythe. Seven of us still recalled the screams and flames trapping our families inside the palace. Three of those seven, Min, Qori and Tamn, had ascended, growing beyond these quarters, they had joined the Pioneer to explore new worlds as we found them. 
Ascension is the time when we gain our sixth sense and the first half of our education is completed. When we were still on Datura, the entire city celebrated the ascension of a royal. Here on the Datura 3, we were simply added to the shuttle crew list and given our own quarters on first deck. Or in cases like Min and Qori, who were mated, we lived together. In some ways I hated them for leaving me to deal with all this alone. Now that the others were ascended, only Arvex and I were old enough to maintain order. 
Arvex was plenty happy to avoid any duties except the ones he liked, however, which included being the center of attention and showing off his scythe skills, and not much else. He was just as eager to grow up and join the shuttle crew as I was and considered babysitting a miner’s job. I let him get away with it, shouldered the added responsibilities, because I knew just how much burden he was going to inherit when he took over our father’s throne. In case we didn’t make it back in time, it was up to Arvex to take back the planet and win the war.
Bringing my attention back to Hanea’s pathetic pleas, I muttered, “Look, I’ve told you plenty of times what he thinks...” As if the thought of my brother could summon him, his pale eyes traveled over the group surrounding him and met mine. His brow rose in question and I subtly jerked my head toward my current and his future problem. His grin spread across his face, transforming his golden features into every girl’s dream. At least half a dozen younger females sighed in unison and parted for him like the great leaking sea.
“Then why has he not called to me yet, Qeya? Why doesn’t he do something when we are so obviously ready to be fully joined? I don’t want to wait for my ascension! You have to tell him again, hint to him at least of my adoration!” She squeaked, hands still grasping for mine. I kept my fists tight. Never was a fan of people touching me.
“Tell him yourself.”
“Tell me what?” Arvex’s shadow covered Hanea and her translucent inner eyelids closed at the sight of him, a sure sign of her attraction. His continuing grin told me he knew full well what the problem was.
I stood, growling, “Fix this,” and brushed past them without a backwards glance. Already he was pulling her into his lap, whispering promises he had every intention of keeping…eventually.
Lessons were winding down for the day, though to be honest any concept of day and night was lost to us. The adults kept us on a strict clock however—another step in their efforts to keep home world fresh on our minds. I had taken a break from my duties but couldn’t ignore the children any longer. 
Leaving the observation port behind, I walked the circular hallway towards the combat ring. Personal quarters hugged the ship’s hull to my right, the center of second deck to the left. The few children scurrying through this corridor were either headed to their work consoles for a final glance at the histories or bed. Cerulean blue eyes, almost black-green hair, brown and peachy skins and silvery gills, I knew each and every face, knew what they were feeling just by a gentle brush of my budding sixth sense. I had not told anyone else the possibility I had already ascended before my time. My father’s sister, the true Orona before her death, had told me I was the strongest of our age. I took her word to heart because her gift had been prophecy. If only she had used her gift to stay alive.
“Qeya! Where are you rushing to?”
The identical faces of Gem and Menai popped out of the grease work and placed themselves purposefully in my way. Schooling a patient smile onto my features, I tried to channel my water as mother liked to call it.
“Ahoy, boys! The same place I rush every evening. How can I be of help?” When they grinned mischievously at one another, I knew I was about to regret offering.
“Oh, it is nothing, Queen of our hearts,” Gem answered with a nod to his brother.
“We just wanted to rush along with you.” Menai smiled cheekily, spreading his hand to our spacious prison.
“Especially since you have the highest connections,” Gem added.
“And can swim away,” Menai finished.
“You know I’m headed up to top deck, don’t you?” 
“Naturally,” the twins answered in unison. Staring them down I closely watched for any signs of treachery. 
Gem was taller than his brother by a hair, or rather his full head of blue-black hair. Menai had shaved his off save a single spiked strip down the middle of his skull. Gem thought it would be hilarious to shear his brother’s fine hair off while he was sleeping. Ever since then Menai decided he actually preferred the Mohawk. Both had inherited their mother’s Western Continent coloring, a blend of pearly white and sea grass green that set their bold sea-colored eyes off handsomely. And since they had grown old enough to realize this, they had become a pair of pre-pubescent manipulating terrors. 
My clear inner eyelids shut out of reflex rather than need, a telltale twitch of mine whenever I feel really boiled. The twins flanked my sides as I attempted to walk ahead and check on the others. “I hope this isn’t another pitiful attempt at getting me to sneak you two on third deck again.”
“Oh no!”
“Leviathan be diced!”
“Travesty!”
“Horror!”
I brushed them aside. “Try my brother again. He’s better at getting out of trouble. And you will get him in trouble, you know. Just like the last time you flooded the kitchens.”
“An accident!”
“Stupid miner’s fault anyway!”
Silencing them with a warning wave of my hand just above their faces, I turned to the huddle sifting diligently through stacks of keypads. 
“Everyone floating along?” Seven pairs of youthful eyes glanced wearily up to mine as they answered. 
“Aye, Qeya.” Mora with her spiked purple hair and tiny frame piped up. Glancing at the black-haired boys on either side of her, she nudged them with her elbows. Both perked up immediately. “Aye, Qeya.”
Mora and I winked at one another. She was the oldest of her class and the younger sibling of the twins. 
Nodding, I clapped the shoulders of either twin and smiled. “Your second year can be most trying. Fortunately, Gem and Menai have volunteered to help you get back on your star legs, right boys?” If they had done anything but grin in reply they would both have lost face. Image meant almost as much to them as the forbidden, the first being essential in their efforts to attain the second. Several of the other girls blushed and exchanged eager grins at the idea of the handsome twins tutoring them. 
Both adolescents grumbled beneath their breath, though, and I was almost unable to suppress my smile as I left them all behind. 
“Carry on, mates.” 
My quarters were nearest to the single usable lift of second deck, the opposite end of my peers and never-ending responsibilities. I barely paused to glance at the empty spaces leading up to mine. Growing up I had relied much on Qori’s guidance. She was eldest among the female children, as strong and capable as I could ever hope to be. She and Min were already fathoms deep in love in a way I could only hope for one day. Now I rarely saw either of the ascended since they had begun going on the shuttle missions. 
Against my will I thought of Tamn, my brother’s hero in so many ways and former best friend. Tamn was the only ascended who still made frequent visits to our isolated existence on second deck. I blushed just thinking of the new way he smiled as he hovered over me, or my reaction to his attentions. 
Second deck was busy this time of season. Soon everyone would float to the next level of their studies. I was responsible for urging them along, delegating chores and solving problems the adults were too busy to handle. And most days I hated the job. On home world this never would have been my job, to look after the Royal children of the palace. Miners who didn’t want to waste away underground or in the heavens above vied to serve in these lowly yet coveted positions. Back home I would have been practicing on honing my sixth sense with the Orona, my father’s sister. Here, I was a royal baby sitter, trying to infuse a hope for our return that not even I really believed in. But the heads that turned to bow slightly to mine as I passed warmed my heart, reminding me that no matter how hopeless and alone we might feel on the Edge, we had one another.
“You are not only preparing them for their future duties, Qeya,” Mother always said. “You are preparing them to follow your rule one day.” Mother took her role as Orona very heavily. It was not something she was born to do because she didn’t have the necessary skills. These only passed through siblings of the most ancient line. Father’s sister should have been on this ship with us, training me in the ancient way. She had raised me long before my mother took an active interest in my life. She was the true Orona, but because she was gone—along with her chance of having any children—I am our people’s only chance.
I was done for the day. Time to report to father before our final meal, another of my brothers’ neglected duties I had been conned into performing. After that came the joyous task of putting thirty-one children to bed.
Arvex was being prepped to lead the rebellion we planned on staging in a few years. He still had nightmares every night of the night we escaped aboard Datura 3. He had been responsible for taking care of the royal children then, of getting us safely on board. Not every child made it. Most fell to the scythe blade and Arvex had been too young and inexperienced to fight back. He put on a game face for the others now but I knew better. It was easier for me to give the nightly reports to mother and father because they only questioned me about my abilities and whether my sixth sense, the key to our success, had come in yet. 
I dashed through my sectioned quarters on my way up and snatched the pad from the foot of my bed. I pressed my finger to the cool clear square surface of the nearby door lock. Only mine and Arvex’s rooms had access to the lifts on deck two, and they opened for our finger signature alone. It slid open with a graceful swish. Stepping aboard so the door could shut behind me, I waited for the lift to recognize my voice signature.
“Top deck.”
Before the light dimmed, I felt the familiar twist in my gut that told me I was traveling fast in a ship already soaring through the heavens. Before I was old enough to make these reports and mother and father still visited us on our deck, I had been deathly afraid of the lift. It reminded me too much of the same lift that took us off our beautiful home world to above.
I hated the beyond as much as I loved looking at it. All throughout my childhood, I had imagined what it would be like to settle on one of those worlds, to find something new and fresh again. What would it be like to find a place whose surface you did not already know every inch of?
When the lift opened again, it was on a world vastly different to the one I had ascended from. Top deck was divided into two sections. Nearest to me and against the inner walls of the ship were the quarters of the adults who had been the elite of our society. Navigation was opposite me, at the front central area of first deck. The half-stack daises each adult stood or sat behind continuously flashed with blinking lights and markings in our tongue. Once I heard they had been covered with markings only a miner could understand. But this too changed when we claimed Datura 3 for our own. 
Each station faced the crescent wall overlooking the heavens, and the quickest death if penetrated. Made entirely of a synthetic filmy liquid that was harder than our strongest metals and another miner secret, the barrier allowed us to look out on the rush of stars.
In their mated pairs, the adults moved with fluid grace from station to station, tapping the glowing lights occasionally, passing on orders to down below through the hollow shell-like tubes linked to speakers on the miner and children’s decks. In my opinion, it didn’t get any more impersonal than that: interacting with our parents through the tiny speaker holes, their voices barking with the metallic clang of the crude technology.
The only reason I enjoyed coming to top deck was the view. If you stood at the edge of the deck, close enough to touch the deceptively pliable window, you could pretend you were there in the heavens. Some nights I dreamed about it, floating aimlessly as the black vacuum sucked the air from my lungs and hardened my essence.
Communications were running swimmingly between Pioneer and Datura 3. I could hear Hanea’s older brother Tamn’s voice and felt the familiar old tingle up my spine. Tamn and I had been close ever since we were born and marked for joining. All royal children were marked at birth with their true mate. It was never something we questioned. We were never raised to love so it never occurred to us to want anything different. From the time of my infancy I had been marked for Tamn and growing up it was hard not to swoon at the sight of his well-developed arms and chest, his sculpted jaw and opalescent gills perfectly spaced down his neck. In the palace he treated me like a little sister, sending me occasional gifts on my naming day or whenever he could get away with it. I longed and pined for him in a way that was simply not done between a royal couple and was more akin to the rumored passions of the barbaric miners. 
Orona noticed this first and cautioned me to quash the emotion, to burn it with fire and keep it locked away until the proper time. Things changed when I developed breasts and a wide set of hips. For the first time since I’d known him, his gills flared in my presence, a sure sign of his discomfort, followed by a thick intensity channeled through his silver gaze. The distance between us was turning from something awkward to pulse pounding. So I didn’t know how I felt about the joining now.
I could almost see the way his thick brows drew together as I listened to the tail end of his report.
“Air is fine to breathe, no toxins that our scanners have picked up. Feels lighter too, not so much pull as the last hostile world. No sign of life but plenty of water and land. We can’t see anything beyond this mountain range. Miners are going to check it out.”
“Fresh, Tamn,” Father nodded, pressed tight to his shell-shaped communicator. “You are a go for sending them ahead. Eye your backs. Just because you have not spotted any life doesn’t mean it hasn’t spotted you.”
“Aye, sir.”
“Qeya!” Mother floated over to me, a vision of the palace waterfalls caught in her silver robes. I never saw the practicality of dressing like we were still holding court. Father often reminded me we held to traditions because they were all we had left. Her pale-blue tinted hands held either side of my face in proper greeting. I lifted mine to press her cheeks, enjoying the warm tingle that speared through my fingertips. Our hands were our most sensitive skins besides our feet. The reasons why are lost to us now, something not even the ancients thought to record for our knowledge.
Slowly, we lowered our hands back to our sides and I snatched my keypad off its hook on my tool belt. Mother hated that I wore something so closely resembling miner clothes. But they made a lot more sense to me than wide leggings and flowing tunics on a ship that often slipped past environmental controls.
Her thick lips pursed, she knitted her brow at my movements that were not quite graceful enough. I ignored this and got right down to business. “First and second years are swimming along to their next layers. But Jymee, Kahne and Bruv need to be logged for misconduct.”
“Logged? Why is this?” Mother hated when we had to involve the adults in our discipline.
I shrugged. “Arvex couldn’t do it today.”
“Whyever not?” Her clear inner eyelids slid across her large blue orbs in a tick similar to mine.
“You’ll have to ask him. It is not my job to discipline.”
She was already distracted though, and turned to follow a sudden commotion on deck. I turned with her just as she held her hand out. “Father and I shall discuss it.” This was her way of saying she had had enough contact with her only daughter for today and it was time for me to go back to my cage.
Don’t think my ears are clogged. I felt a bond with my mother and father just like the rest of us did. Our inner minds carried their memories after all. The moment we were born, they passed their essence down to the next generation. So we were all a part of each other, understood each other. Some nights in my dreams I remembered these past lives, remembered a light fluid world of undersea palaces and caves below the earth. Other nights I saw things that frightened me, war and blood spilled with my own hands. Because of my unbroken line the memories were stronger than they were for the others. The memory of leaders is the most difficult to live with because we make the choices that others do not have to.
As we age, it is expected of us to reach beyond our personal problems to concentrate on a higher thinking. Close relationships are something only the young could afford in my world. Mother and Father were simply beyond such relationships now.
Fading into the background, I too followed the source of the commotion. The main lift to first deck had direct access to navigation, yet I rarely saw anyone ascend from it. But who else should step off it now than two filthy miners. 

II
DAMAGED


I hid behind a nearby narrow arch, a more fluid part of the framework of the bridge. I knew if Mother realized I was still here I’d be sent away in a heartbeat. Pulsing blue and yellow lights danced beneath my fingertips. I could feel the energy trickle into my fingertips and rush down my arms.
“What business have you here?” my father’s younger brother and father of the twins called out. His naturally ruddy skin turned violently red and only my father’s stronger arm could hold him back.
Like our relationships, there were some prejudices that had not evolved out of our system. But I was young, and the miners held a degree of fascination with me because they were different. History claimed they were a lesser species we had conquered long ago. But who knows? The winning side always gets to tell the final tell.
Wryly, I admitted Mother may be right on one point. Their clothes did resemble my skintight jumpsuit, except there was much more breathing space to their grease and plasma-stained clothes. It was rumored they spent so much time around the essence of other worlds it stained their skin a permanent murky indistinct color. Having only spent time at a distance from them, it wasn’t until now that I learned the truth.
Their skin was much darker than ours, so dark that the whites of their eyes and teeth stood out on their faces, as did the tattoos spiraling over their necks, skulls and arms. Otherwise they stood only barely shorter than our tallest. Besides their hairless heads I discerned little other difference. The older of the two lifted his strong chin. His features were smaller and widely spaced but more focused than ours. The younger had a face like cut stone, all edges and scars and tensely coiled control.
In a sudden flicker of movement, the younger miner’s green orbs shifted focus, flashed across the room and instantly fastened onto my hiding place. I froze, heart pounding in my chest, gills on the sides of my neck stretching in effort to gulp down more synthetic air. I heard the argument distantly. Sound rushed to catch up to me the moment the miner held back his elder. But his eyes darted to me one last daring moment and his lips twitched into a knowing smirk.
Voices rushed and piled on top of each other. Bits of their argument fell over my conscience.
“You leaking royals should keep to what you know and leave the metal thinking to us!” the old miner shouted. He stiffened when his friend hissed something in a strange language in his ear.
“Can you stand any more of these insults, brother?” My father’s younger brother was still grinding out his words. Then to the miner he barked, “How dare you come up here uninvited and demanding answers! We give the orders, miner. Not you.” The others began to talk over one another in agreement.
Mother’s voice consumed the room in a rakish wave. “Enough! We cannot resolve this by arguing any further. The Pioneer is out exploring the hostile world as we speak and we mustn’t break communications. Whether you agree with our decision to remain in position above or not.”
The old miner growled, “You’ll leave us sitting wreen out here! I’m telling you what we heard below and our ears ain’t clogged with memories of home world.”
I winced. That was a low blow but the old-timer had a point. They had once made their livelihood on the nearby gas worlds that bordered ours. They knew the heavens made no sounds unless it had something to do with the mysterious black holes. Our ears were too water-clogged, too weak to hear it, they said.
Father sighed wearily, holding his brother off once again. “We have scoped this entire sector, Brien, and come up with nothing. The idea that there is some hidden intelligent race out there making more black spaces is pure lunacy!”
The miner shook off his young friend with a shiver of worn muscle. “Fine, have it your way, Navigator! But do not be expecting us to ignore our inner essence. We carry our own legends of what awaits there on the edge. I tell you, there be something sinister watching us. We felt it come good as we heard it. This new world the shuttle be visiting tried to warn us. And being we all sail together, I chose to warn you.”
It was frightening how frigid my father’s emotions had become, here in the coldest nether regions; frightening to see our elders standing together motionless, unmoved by the words of a man twice their ages.
In my young mind I wondered, why should the miners not be better attuned to the stars? Why should they not know their own ship? But I watched in disbelief as my mother gave a silent signal and the royals returned to their stations.
“Call on the Pioneer and request a status report of their findings.” Mother gave out orders and father turned to the intruders.
“We have nothing from our scans of the region that would lead me to believe your inkling, Brien.”
The old miner drew himself up, grasped the tools at his belt with every intention of sharing his mind. But again the younger one with fewer tattoos pulled at his friend. Clearly he was moving the older miner away from the lunacy of the royals before relations were strained any further.
I frowned and slipped back into my own lift, confused at what I had just witnessed. From the shadows, I saw the younger miner meet my eye one last time before their door slid shut and they faded in shower of lights.
Moments pass through life that are impossible to take back, stepping stones that may lead you on a path you were meant to take. And sometimes a stepping stone breaks loose and you plunge into the river instead. This was one of those moments.
Glancing at the keypad fastened to the inner lift wall, I hesitated only a moment before pressing the wrong button. Shutting my eyes, I wondered what my punishment for this would be and then squashed the idea out of my head. Though I would never admit it to them, the twins had a point about taking risks. What else was life worth living in the end?
“Fourth deck…” I spoke once the lift was cloaked from all detection. And then I was plummeting down faster and farther than I had ever gone before. Third deck at least was some intermediary area between the two coexisting cultures. No one ever went to fourth deck, not even my parents.
The lift door opened with a rusty hiss and a thick film coated the air. Scents of the essence we stole from gas worlds clung to every crevice. Here the lights were dimmer for eyes more accustomed to darkness. The deck was eerily silent, save the constant clank, hiss and grind of gears and metalwork ahead. Rather than smooth opalescent illusions of Daturan palaces, here the walls were crudely cut and wreathed in pipes and wires and grime.
Breathing shallowly, I felt my second translucent eyelids shield from a potentially hazardous environment. I shivered from the cold and trod as softly as my boots would allow. I saw nothing of the tattooed intruders as I’d half expected I would, and wondered if anyone used this particular entrance anymore.
For the first time, the thought crossed my mind: was this what Datura 3 had looked like before we appropriated it?
Hands braced out to the walls on either side of my small frame as I tried to watch my step and keep balance. Mother continually agonized over my imperfections. For our people, I was not nearly tall enough, more hardened curves than slender grace. My features were not common to the southern islands either, too much like my great-mother’s northwestern blood. There in the coldest waters, our distant relatives lived by the old ways still. Because of her, my skin was pale, my hair a bright and deep bloody red instead of black or gold or white. Born into a position that demanded much attention as it was, it did not help matters that I couldn’t blend in with the crowd even if I’d wanted to.
For what happened next, I blame on said genetics.
A figure reached from the shadows behind, dragged me backwards and against a taller muscle-hardened frame. I struggled, reaching desperately for the retractable scythe hiding in my belt. As if he already knew my weaknesses, he pinned me so I was half-molded into him and the nearest wall. It hurt.
After waiting a few tense moments for me to calm down, he rasped against my ear. “Took you long enough to get down here. Wondered how long you’d need to work up the nerve.” And even though I had only heard his voice from a distance once before and speaking in a different tongue, I knew instantly that the miner had found me first.
“Think you have more nerve, do you? So important you are, helping your friend show the royals who’s in charge, huh?” I pressed him because I was uncomfortable, angry at being caught and excited beyond all account. After all, this was the most stirring event to have happened to me since the last pirate ship we crossed.
Instead of backing off the younger miner held me even tighter. “That’s right. Since none of you show any sense.”
“Is this really necessary?” I tried to wedge some space between us with my elbow.
He laughed with low disdain. “Bothers you to be held by a filthy miner, doesn’t it?”
Ignoring him I tried a different approach and relaxed my muscles. “Not as much as it bothers me that you just grabbed me without even trying to warn me first. If you’re trying to undo ages of prejudice, maybe you should start by acting civil.”
“We never pretended to care about your rules, Royal.” When I didn’t respond and the silence was long enough to his satisfaction, “So now I’ve upset you well enough. What say we give the proper greet?” And just as suddenly, just as my fingers managed to clasp around the edge of my scythe blade, he twisted me around and let me go. His hands steadied my shoulders when I stumbled.
My eyes narrowed, peering up into his. “What are you expecting?”
He ignored my question. “What reason have you to come here? I saw you before on third deck, once.” The shadows were so dense I could barely see his smirk. He gave no better explanation, only added, “I’m called Ohre.”
“Qeya.”
“You come here because you heard what was said up on top deck.” He didn’t question, rather stated, like he already had all the answers.
And before I could filter them my thoughts poured out. “I don’t understand why they wouldn’t listen to you when it’s obvious you have more experience with the beyond than we do. I guess…I wanted to know what it is exactly you heard.” The distant cacophony of his world filled the silence growing between us. I wondered if he had understood me at first.
“It be more a feeling. Something swirls out in the beyond, something unnatural. It’s the reason so few venture to these worlds. The black spaces are a part of it, pieces unraveling pulling apart. We’ve come too far, waited too long to turn back now. Only death awaits us here.”
I shivered with foreboding and bit my lip to restrain my fears. I must never lead out of fear.
He laughed then. “Not the answers you came for?”
I shook my head. “How did you know I was coming?” My eyes were arrested, linked to his in a breath so instantly brief and long I gasped to catch up when his fingertip connected with mine. A hot fire, shiver of feeling and emotion sparked at our touch. The miners were like us in yet another way.
“You told me with your eyes while you watched the elders refuse to listen.”
“You knew they weren’t going to listen, but still you came above. Why?”
His smile somehow broke through the gloomy haze. “The same reason you are here, Qeya.” There was something disturbingly natural about the way his skin felt warm against mine. In his eyes I saw his weariness, a life spent serving others just to live another day. In his eyes I saw the kind of strength that is beat into a person rather than born into them. In his eyes I saw the appreciation and wonder he had for me. Like he was to me, I was different from anything else in his world and it drew us together like a host to a parasite. I had a feeling once he got under my skin he was there to stay.
There are moments in time when the axis of the universe shifts, when life as you knew it is irrevocably altered. When the hiss and grind of the gears fell silent, some deeply rooted instinctive part of me knew this was one of those moments. The constant dull clanging and press of our engine faded into an oppressive silence, where I could hear the beat of our hearts and shaky breaths. 
I wondered if I was losing my water because I knew the idea of Datura 3 shutting down was impossible. Even though we were still orbiting above the hostile world while Pioneer explored, our ship had not ceased in motion since we stepped on it seven years before. I counted the quiet by the beats of my heart. What took an instant to process in my mind was not much longer than the wait.
The ship echoed a pained groan and then the floor beneath our feet began to shift. Ohre’s hand was on my arm instantly, steadying me before I could tip into the pipework lain against the wall. 
The intercom blasted over our heads, pounding its way through the decks in one last warning. My father’s voice bled pure terror. “All hands to deck! Lock in and prepare for attack! Enemy ships closing in from—” The speaker fell silent. The floor trembled with the first blast, knocked me off my feet and into Ohre’s arms.
“Qeya!” he called when I twisted and ran for the lift. “Qeya there’s no time!” His boots clunked heavily behind mine on the hard metallic surface. The second tremor began to tilt the ship and knocked me inside the lift at a harsh angle. Ohre braced himself on either side of the open door, his eyes fear-stricken.
“Qeya, you can’t! If this is an attack they’ve already hit Navigation and the—”
“I don’t bleeding care about Navigation! I’m going to second deck!” In my panic, the rush of sudden essence burning in my veins, an eerie present calm coated my emotions. It barely veiled the images of my parents’ faces and what Ohre’s warning truly meant. Instead, I ignored the third tremor, the blast of energy tearing holes through the plasma hull of our ship and allowing the beyond inside. Datura 3 tilted off its stable axis, making me unable to reach the lift controls.
The fourth blast hit below our deck, and behind Ohre a tumbling roar became the screams of the dying miners, the impact of metal crushing metal and gasses exploding in subsequent bursts.
I froze with the memory of our escape from home world, the fire and screams from the palace and sudden rapid images of deeper memory, of war and terror and bloodshed…
Ohre crawled inside after me, somehow finding a sure grip with his boots while clutching me by the waist and smashing his hand into the locking key. The moment his fingers pressed against my skin I broke free from the abyss of the past.
“SECOND DECK!” he yelled and lights showered over us in a consuming wave, even as the lift shook on its path above. Second deck was good as the quickest death by now, I feared, no better than stepping into the heavens naked. Surely the blast had already pierced the hull, letting the cold space outside in, but I held onto the hope of our last defenses. Should anything happen to the rest of the ship, father had ensured a way for the children to survive.
Burying my face into the chest of this miner I barely knew, I clung to his solidity, barely heard his warning.
“Channel your water.”
My surprise over his words was stolen by the sight of my home in chaos. Ohre tore at the door with his powerful fists when it stalled open and I whipped out my blade to hook and cleave the wiring in two. We had only seconds if the quickest death was upon us. If Arvex did not survive, I was the only key.
“Come on!” I shouted, dragging the tattooed miner down the slight decline and straight for deck controls. Screams and shouts greeted us. The youngest were crying while the older ones sought to comfort in spite of their own shock. Those who saw us looked on with glazed eyes. Our calm and placid existence, our regimented and peaceful enclosed world, everything was being ripped away from us.
I found no sight of my brother, but Gem and Menai and a few others were already hiding beneath the control panel, pressed in a huddle together. Menai shouted my name and Gem echoed.
“Qeya! What’s happening?”
“Qeya! What do we do?”
“What’s that leaking miner doing here?” This last came from one of the huddle, the golden-haired Kahne.
“Just shut up and let me think!” I shouted, and was nearly slammed into the controls with the final and lasting tremor. Ohre braced me by the waist to him. Our eyes connected in one last passing of thoughts and feelings neither of us could ever name aloud. Yet somehow he managed to support us both while turning me so I could find the right keys on the keypad. I pressed them and felt the breaking begin.
“Strap yourselves in, you grease heads!” Ohre roared over the ear-splitting rip of metal.
Second deck broke away from the rest of the ship, one last measure for survival. Projector slides continued to flicker to the iridescent memories of the home world we would soon see again in death. As the others found their best means to strap into the cords and pipes hiding behind our flimsy decorations, my eyes met those of my strange protector.
“Strapping in?” My brow quirked in question and a flash of morbid humor effaced.
His answering grin was pained but too real. “I’m stronger than I look.”
Before this day we had never met. He had only seen me from afar. Yet he was the one holding me to the metal core of the control center, bracing us so we could gaze together out the window to the stars.
I flinched as a barrage of my mother’s memories flooded my mind. This was when I knew they were about to die, when my mother tried to transfer their memories to me over a great distance. The other children screamed as they too were assaulted by their parents’ memories ahead of schedule. It was too much too fast, images from our mothers and fathers and their ancestors of royal blood. This was one of our unique gifts and in this moment, our curse.
In that moment I received everything she had been given until we were linked to the present. Breathing in time together, I watched through her eyes as she looked into my father’s eyes one last time. I felt her breath in my chest and the deep regret she felt for not telling us all how deeply she loved us.
Our eyes never saw the enemy ship, the doom Ohre and old Brien felt coming, but we saw the desecration briefly from the nearby window. Datura 3 burned as it broke apart, bursting into showers of white-hot balefire before freezing again in the silent heavenly death.
A chorus of screams accompanied our descent into the hostile world’s outer invisible sphere, and then we were plummeting faster until the plasma film protecting us broke. I bit through a piece of my tongue, dug my nails so deep into Ohre’s side I must surely have marked his clothed skin.
The children who were my responsibility, my family in ways far beyond the ones who gave birth to us, fell silent on impact.
Lights out, I would have been thrown up into the air if Ohre had been any less strong than he claimed.
And then for a long painful moment afterward, nothing…


III
REMEMBERED


We didn’t know the people who attacked our ship or why they picked us. Maybe they were guarding some ancient secret, something to do with this new world. Maybe they were taking preventative measure for things they believed we would do. I knew in my heart it was against the current to harbor hatred for a people I did not know. My training aspired to higher thinking. Eventually, I must be able to split myself in two, separate reasoning from feeling.
Did our parents use reason when they met death? Did they give into our deepest natural inclinations and reach out for one another? How can anyone separate feeling from the mind?
I stared unblinking at the flicker of slides painting Datura on the wall at a jilted angle. The energy powered projector shouldn’t be working at all. Defective, it flickered to two out-of-sequence photos.
My arm was bent at an awkward angle, trapped between metal and something hard. And when the floor moved beneath me, I remembered the reason I was alive now. Twisting my head, I met Ohre’s luminous eyes catching and reflecting the dim lights. He grimaced when I shifted against him.
“Oh… Sorry.” I extracted myself carefully, instead of pushing him deeper against the control panel. Lights flickered on and off around us and somehow I found footing amid the chaos. Ohre released my arm from his side and hardly winced as he stood on the slanting deck. As we stepped away from the debris he caught me more than once mid-fall. Having lived so long on a constantly moving object, the full weight of gravity, new atmosphere and traces of foreign air were foreign. Everything was so still.
I could not look too closely at the broken limbs and faces lying motionless amid the detritus of the broken deck or I would have screamed. I was the Orona—I had cared and even bled for them—but I knew at a glance that I could never heal them from death.
My eyes swept the control board, trying to grasp meaning out of a mess of wiring and fading power. The break from the main ship had been successful, but there would be no one to communicate with in the heavens now. We were alone.
“Come on. We need to pack up whatever we can carry and get out of here.” Ohre had already broken into an emergency kit, was strapping on the pack and shoving random objects inside.
“Qeya?” A faint voice groaned at my feet. Jumping off a shifting leg, I held back Ohre’s sudden rush with an arm.
“Arvex?” I fell to the floor and gathered my brother up in my arms, ignoring the fact he was so much bigger than me. Both sets of eyelids blinked in rapid succession and joy filled my heart. For the moment, all my training and self control was welcome to wash away with the tears leaking from my eyes. “Arvex!” I shook him slightly when he managed the rest of the way up on his own. “Where were you? It drove me crazy when I came in and thought you were already gone.”
“Ouch!” He winced at my punch. “Easy there, Qeya. I was with Hanea.” His smile faded slightly, eyes filling with worry that quickly took to a search over the room.
Throwing my hands up I made to follow him. “Well, obviously you didn’t listen to Ohre and strap yourselves in before landing.”
“No, we were kind of strapped into each other—”
“Stop! Please, I don’t want to hear any more.” I shuddered in feigned annoyance, but truthfully I was too high with the joy of having my family alive. Arvex had always been my family in more ways than our parents. At times he liked to joke we had raised each other. In a way we had. While our parents were busy fighting off a potential invasion and running the world, we took care of ourselves. As long as I could remember he had tried to balance my severity with his joviality. Now for the first time, I saw his brow furrowed for reasons other than not being the center of attention.
“I went sailing when we landed. Back is killing me like I just wrestled a leviathan.” 
I snorted. The only physical action my brother had ever engaged in was with a blade or joining with Hanea. Glancing back, I found my shadow was still following, picking up things he found useful along our path. Our eyes met briefly and I remembered the dangers of our situation. Ohre was right. We needed to gather ourselves together, scavenge what supplies we could and get off deck. Much as it terrified me stepping foot onto an alien world, we couldn’t survive on a piece of a ship. And what if the ones who killed our parents decided to come down and finish us off?
“Arvex, we need to get on the surface. Look for anyone who isn’t broken and make them carry as many supplies as they can.”
Ohre followed me in the opposite direction, helped me find the wounded amid the dead. It was a task I had never imagined in my worst of dreams. Most of these children I had watched grow from conception, nurtured and helped guide as best as I could. They were more than my peers or cousins. They were all pieces of my extended family. And a piece of me had died that day with them, though I did not know it yet.
All were dead save a few. The twins, Gem and Menai had the least trouble helping us once Ohre had woken them. Kahne and her little brother Jymee were not so well off. Black-crimson blood was seeping through their small tunics. Ohre patched them up as well as I could have, but he had seen injuries far worse on lower decks, he assured me, and told me to save my energy when I tried to step in to help.
Arvex found Hanea where he had left her, her wide eyes unable to register what they were seeing. Her body was fine, but her mouth was silent for the first time since I had witnessed. Her two elder siblings, Tamn and Min had been on the Pioneer though. It was very doubtful they had survived. It was almost certain that the alien ship would have made sure to be rid of them first.
Besides Kahne, who was born only a year before our exile, and Jymee, the youngest of us at four years, only one other child survived the crash. Bruv and Kahne had gotten into a fight earlier over their practice scythes and Jymee had tried to protect his big sister. Strange that now Bruv, two years older than Kahne, was clinging so near the siblings he had hated.
Arvex led Hanea to the control panel, seeking the best way out. The children shadowed Ohre as he shadowed me. Very few of my personal possessions had made it unscathed, but I found my pack and stashed it with what keypads I could. One day it would be important to remember our training, maybe pass it on to the next generation. I had no real hope we would ever make it back to second deck. Memories would be all we soon had of our life sailing the heavens, of Datura. The ones following me could not remember home world. And with our way back forever gone we had no other hope.
“All the exits are blocked. We’re sitting wreen, Qeya.” Arvex hopped over the panel and held out his arms for Hanea to jump into them.
“Unless…” I whispered with images of the Pioneer flashing through my mind.
Ohre stepped round until he was blocking my path, his unique features garish in the deathly fading lights. “What do you see?” he asked in that deep, faintly accented voice.
“The shuttle.” At his nod I knew I needed say no more, and found more reason to hope than anything else could have given me. My eyes scanned the ceiling that was now partially a wall. And before I could even think of what we could use to bust out, the miner was twirling one of the tools unhooked from his belt between fingers.
Arvex half-carried, half-led Hanea to meet us. “What in the blue core is that miner doing? Qeya, you still haven’t explained why he’s here.”
Ignoring my brother I followed Ohre and listened to the sniffles and smaller steps behind me. “What are you doing?”
Wiping the blood off his face he checked his tools and held it level to his eye, facing the roof. “Weakest point…” I jumped when a thin blue beam shot out of the tool and began to pierce through the ceiling wall. “Right there.” He nodded to a fracture in the hull of our deck. “If we had landed on it we’d have been smashed flat.”
“Well, thank the Creator for leaking miners!” Arvex laughed and I shook my head. Only the golden prince would joke at a time like this.
“What are you doing, miner?” Gem piped up.
“Yeah,” Menai echoed his brother. “What are you doing? Can I borrow that thing?”
A faint smirk drew at the corners of Ohre’s mouth and then he pulled up the sleeve of his suit and exposed the gauntlet attached to it. Crude in model, it proved genius when he attached his tool to rest against the top of his hand and soon the beam became a blast.
“Wait!” I tried to rush him. “We don’t know what’s out there!” Leaking miner did not listen of course. Instead we were all knocked down flat when the blast took off the hull and a cloud of air and sand rushed back in. Ohre calmly stood all the while until it passed. I did not see him disassemble his tool before he reached to help me up.
While Arvex aided the others, I glared at my protector and coughed up dust. “Suppose we should thank you for that?”
He smiled. “Come on. Nightfall soon.”
“How does he know?” Bruv asked.
Ohre merely tapped his head from ahead of the group, surprising the royals. “Smarter than I look.”
Pushing my way to the front I crossed my arms over my chest. “No really, how do you know? How did you know opening the hull wasn’t going to expose us to toxic air? How do we know we can trust you?” I hated the quavering fear I was unable to hide in the end. I may owe this miner my life, but I wasn’t sure if when the time came he wasn’t going to abandon us too.
Now he looked at me as if I should already know the answer, annoyance drawing his tattooed brow together. “We’ve been exploring worlds a lot longer than your people, Qeya. Trust me when I say I just know.” Once again he tapped his head and grinned.
Taking charge for the first time in his life, my tall brother spoke over everyone. “Well that’s enough of that sister dear. Save your interrogation for later, yeah? Keep close and watch your step, everyone. This is solid ground. Takes time to adjust.”
Ohre took my hand in his before I could protest so we walked first together onto a shifting floor of sand. Avoiding the fresh wreckage around us it took us some distance before I had an inkling of our surroundings. Once I did, I could not stop the effects of sensory overload, like my fingers holding tightly to his, or the feel of my inner translucent eyelids rapidly sliding open and shut.
The beach spanned on into a forever distance, as far as the horizon, and was the only intermediary between the chopping waves of a massive ocean and the highest steep range of mountains. Everything seemed brighter here; the lack of color on the beach and mountains seemed off, while the ocean shone liquid silver. Above, only one sun softly gleamed overhead. And the air made us feel lighter, stronger than we had been before. But when we turned back to look at what was left of Datura 3 all I felt was a bottomless pit of weakness.
“Where are we?” Jymee cried out through his tears. His golden sister wrapped her arms round him even tighter.
Arvex found my eyes, mirroring my own concerns, laughing so suddenly Hanea jumped beneath his arm. “Why we’re on a new world, Jymee! Stepping foot on a world where no Hunan has stepped before!”
“That’s great, Arvex. Way to boost our spirits.” I rolled my eyes and held the scanner up with my free hand and studied it. My brother had always had a penchant for being overdramatic. His coping mechanism may have been fine on the ship, but I was in no mood for it today. We had just lost everything but each other. 
“Well, I don’t care if you insist on squashing our fun, sister. Not everyone can just flip a switch and turn our emotions off.” I could hear the frustration in his voice and knew the mood swing would pass soon enough. Lovable and boiling as Arvex was, he was just as aware of his failings as I was. Our parents had made certain we did after all, so we could fix them.
I tried not to show his words truly bothered me. Was he right? Had I just become some artificial being, incapable of feeling? Watching the others lean on my brother for support made me wonder.
Jymee picked his head up a bit more as Arvex’s buoyant temperament rubbed off on them. “You think we’ll find any aliens?” Kahne was busy brushing the tears and grime from his face, trying not to show she was hanging on my brothers’ words too. Bruv shoved his hands in his scythe training armor sleeves, scowling at his feet.
Arvex made sure I was aware he had won this argument by a casual gesture of his fingers before gathering the others to him. “Sure as the tide! You just wait and see what adventures we have. They’ll write stories about us one day, Jymee.”
“Stories?” Bruv questioned with a kick at the sand beneath his feet.
I shook my head as Arvex carried on, each tale more wildly exciting than the last. Ohre followed my trail away from our small band and to the mountainside. I couldn’t listen to Arvex ramble on about how glorious our adventures were going to be, not this soon. I also could not look too long at the deck I knew so well, half-buried in the sand and jutting out awkwardly behind us. Or think of the dozens left behind who would never come out to feel the fresh air.
“Do you see them?” My heart clenched when I thought he meant our lost family, but I breathed again when I realized his eyes were fixed onto the scanner in my hands.
“The signal is so faint. I can’t tell if it’s picking up pieces of our ship or the Pioneer. Looks like there’s something out there, through these mountains… I just don’t know how we’re supposed to get through them.”
“Leave that to me.” Ohre smirked and pulled out another tool, beginning to make his own scans.
We wandered the beach for what felt like days, stopping every now and again so Ohre could check for weaknesses in the mountains. My scanners never picked up anything along our path, only further back behind the mountain wall we could not penetrate. Behind us, Arvex led the children with stories of home world, Hanea at his arm.
The skies were fading, the sun sinking lower and lower towards the sea and more brightly garish colors pierced our sensitive eyes. I was too numb inside to appreciate the beauty, even though I would dream of that sunset for years to come.
Ohre said nothing along the way, for which I was grateful. In fact, I was starting to feel as if we had known one another as well as my own blood and water. I sensed, though he would never admit it, his need for me beside him was just as necessary. We formed an unlikely pair. Already I could anticipate his actions.
“Wait…” His fingers squeezed mine and the foreign device pulsed faster. He smiled at me and in the dying sunlight I was amazed how beautifully strange he was with his bald tattooed head and glowing eyes. “You aren’t going to like this.”
“Like what?” Inner lids blinking I followed his gaze to the sea, then the ground beneath us with a gaping jaw. “No way. Not a chance! You can’t even breathe underwater!”
He raised a brow. “Is that so? Care to share anything else about my kind, Qeya?” I tried to pull my fist out of his hand to slap him for his insolence. No one ever spoke to us that way. It both frustrated and excited me when he caught my wrists and smiled. “Just trust me. I know what I’m doing.”
Below the sandbar, deep under the waves, we found the cave Ohre had scented out. And just as he suspected, it led us beneath the earth and deep into the mountains. Where it would take us beyond this was a mystery. The water was thick with minerals, not like our ancient world, and we could hear the abundant life swimming in the distance. Yet nothing came through these caves and not for the first time I wondered why. Why did this world seem so barren and dead when its star was obviously so young and alive?
Once we had breached beneath the waves, our inner lids protected our eyes. The deeper we dove, the brighter our skin glowed. Swimming, even on a hostile alien world, was easy for us. How the miner managed I did not know, but it was a beautiful release the moment our gills opened to capture the air we needed.
Our oldest stories say the sea is where we came from. After Arvex’s first initiation, he took me deep through the nearby ocean to see the ancient palaces and the great city. The reason why we came on land is lost to us as surely as how we built the underwater cities in the first place. And though most of us prefer land now, water is like a warm embrace that we are always happy to return to.
I was sorry to leave the fresh mineral thick waters behind when Ohre found the hole to the surface above the tunnels. The cave was large and the river followed deeper through the mountain. Ohre lifted me easily out of the water, brushed tendrils of my fiery hair from my eyes and I grinned when one shorter lock resisted his efforts. His smile lit up my vision, eyes glowing so I saw there were dozens of colors floating around inside those inscrutable green orbs.
Gem and Menai appeared from nowhere on either side of us, glow spheres in their hands. “Ooh! Qeya, what you doing with the miner? Better not let the King catch you slipping on his sister, miner.”
I popped both on the backs of their heads. “Go help the babies and be grateful I don’t hook you.” They scampered off to obey and pulling out my own moonstone, I caught Ohre’s lingering stare. “What? You got something to say?”
“Was just thinking it might be fun to grind gears with you sometime.”
Our bodies still functioned easily in dark places, when we needed them to. Unfortunately my fair skin glowed faintly red in the black underworld, even in shadow. I was out of practice in this aspect of my training. Blaming it on childish emotions, I shoved Ohre and growled when instead of budging, his arm was immovable and rock-like.
“Did that hurt, Qeya?” he asked after me as I marched abruptly to the others. His low laughter was harder to ignore.
Arvex teased me with a rub of my wet hair. “Well mark me! You look terrible.” His grin was affectionate enough that I didn’t punish him for that comment. Kahne, Bruv and Jymee purposely flung excess water from their clothes and hair at one another. Their smiles and laughter were infectious once Arvex joined in. Even Hanea’s eyes filled with something other than terror.
Holding up the scanner, I checked our position and reluctantly turned to face the miner. “We need to move if we can hope to make it before this signal burns out.” My brother was the first to sober up, knowing more of the mechanics behind our technology than I did. Without fresh plasma, the gears would crust over and eventually sizzle out.
Ohre slipped his fingers through mine, the gesture oddly possessive, yet he was waiting calmly when I at last met his eye.
“Can you smell us out of here?”
“Certain as the giants breathe their poison.”
“I’ll take that as a yes.”


IV
LOST


Unlike the journey above ground, here with the earth closed in around us, the air was stale and we trod on in silence. With a goal in mind, it was easier to think of anything but what we had just experienced.
We must have traveled those caves the entire night, because a bright light greeted us on the other side. It was impossible for any of us to stop. Somehow I think we knew that if we did stop, our grief would get the better of us. Until we were safe again we must keep going no matter how badly our heaven legs trembled.
“I think I see something,” Kahne breathed.
In his usual sarcastic drawl Bruv groaned, “That’s what you said last time. You’re always seeing things.”
Gem and Menai preyed on Bruv’s short temper, an unwise thing to do to the prodigal blade user. Bruv may have been younger than the twins by two years but he was much stronger than they were and they knew it.
“Hear that sound, brother?”
“Shiver me aching bones, it’s the bloody kraken!”
“Calm your waters!” I hissed back at them with a threatening glare.
“Better listen to her, boys.” Arvex spoke sarcasm as his first tongue. “She’s a dangerous Hunan if I ever saw—”
Jymee had been lagging behind until Arvex set him on his shoulders. Now he squirmed to get back down. “Look! Kahne, I see something too!”
“Shut your traps,” Ohre growled once the bright hole appeared before us, shoveling us all behind several teeth like rocks. Me, of course, he had already dragged back against his chest while he fastened another tool to his gauntlet. The soft-spoken miner’s warning had the desired effect. Even Arvex sank until not a sliver of light reflected from his golden head.
Tilting back my neck I glanced up and met Ohre’s strong jaw above me, wondering how his skin could still smell like the essence of other planets. “What is it?” I whispered.
Eyes never ceasing their constant scan of the cave entrance, his words rumbled through his chest and into me. “Something’s out there…something big.” No shadow eclipsed us, no creature jumped out of the shadows or into light. But shivers prickled up my spine when I too sensed something else was watching. He spoke into my hair then, just above my ear. “You have weapons?”
Clutching my retractable scythe, I did not mention the fact it was nearly impossible to catch us in a fight. Only our own kind could nick us with a blade given the chance. Ohre felt the movement, my arm edging deeper into his chest.
“Good,” was all he said before slipping away and walking into the light.
“What is he doing?” Hissed Arvex, blade already held out in front of him.
I shook my head. I had no reaction to this other than the fleeting thought that we were as good as dead if the miner was killed. I blinked and his silhouette disappeared before our eyes. During those tense moments of silence, I found my eyes wandering the floor of the cave. A foul stench hung on the air that only now blasted our faces with the draft. The twins wrinkled their noses, shared a glance.
Kahne’s yelp was strangled by Bruv’s strong hand. I turned to find her eyes widely fixed on something before us, at the other side of the cave. And that was how we found the source of the bad smell. A pile of rotting meat and bones waited for us in the monster’s lair.
A strange blood-curdling screech pierced through the air of the cave, followed by the flash of a shadow and blur of something clawing straight for us. Arvex edged around me to face the brunt of the attack. Fear wafted off of him like a permanent stench.
“Stay back!” he warned, scythe held up in defensive attack.
The beast ran on all fours, its front two feet shorter than its hind legs, spikes growing from a spine sharp as its leaking teeth. My eyes desperately searched for Ohre and gasped when a tall shadow stepped from behind the rocks.
With the dying sun behind him, the lights of his gauntlet recharged with a high-pitched squeal. Before our scythes could cut the beast, a silent disc of concentrated energy sliced through the air and severed the head from the alien’s body.
Kahne muffled her screams into Bruv’s shoulder when the head rolled up against her feet.
Hissing ooze dripped from the creature’s exposed neck and I ran to the flailing corpse and sank the end of my blade through where I estimated its beating heart to be. My own heart pounding, I waited for the memories to fade, the ones that recalled battle and even found satisfaction in the blood at my feet. Shivering, I pulled my scythe free and moved to stand.
When I looked up, Ohre was finishing off two smaller versions of the monster. He turned to meet my eye once he untwisted the device and stashed the tool back on his belt. My gills flared, gulping down extra air. The intense focus of his gaze didn’t help to settle my breathing any.
“Gully! What a kill!” Gem kicked the head back into the cave passage, Menai laughing with him. Now that the beasts were dead, the twins acted as if they had been the ones to kill it.
“Greasy! Yuck! How can you even touch that thing?” Kahne gasped, jerking out of Bruv’s arms now that the moment had passed.
Bruv brushed past them, muttering under his breath. “Water-clogged ears…”
Arvex led the others into the light. “Wrecked if I ever dash miners again! This is one royal who won’t wipe their boots on our cousins anymore.” His grin made the carnage seem trivial. 
Sometimes I wondered if I had been given all the worst memories and Arvex only the best. I not only remembered the triumphs of the long line of Daturan royalty, but the dark periods as well. When we were no longer children and given our titles after eight star years, our parents gave us a gleaned portion of the memories that had been passed to them. To prepare us for the future and keep us from repeating history, we were forced to harness those ancient thoughts without forgetting our own voices. 
From the dark looks in the rest of our crew’s eyes I wondered which memories their parents had chosen for them to remember. When our elders passed on, they could choose how much of their legacy they wanted to give us. Usually it was just enough for us to retain the lessons they had learned and those who came before them. Their hardest and deepest experiences were tenderly given as a last embrace of the mind. But when the death was sudden and violent, the elders had little time to prepare their thoughts or us. 
I could feel Father’s presence at the edge of my mind and his regret, his horror as the ship blew to bits around him. He had been thinking of me those last moments, but I hadn’t felt a thing from my mother. Father’s last parting gift to me had given me a glimpse of the truth. There was no turning back, no reclaiming of our thrones or triumphant return. He had known for years now that we wouldn’t make it back, but he had been too ashamed to admit it. This was his regret and the burden he placed on me. Because now I knew he wasn’t incapable of fighting back and liberating our people. He had been afraid.
Blinking back tears induced by my father’s lingering emotions, I remembered the beast Ohre had killed and where we were. The twins laughed and snatched off long claws to keep as souvenirs. Bruv looked on with cold fascination. But Kahne, Jymee and Hanea cried silent tears. It was for them my heart bled, because I knew they weren’t just thinking of the blood spilled here today.
Ohre grounded the rest of them with his words. “I couldn’t leave them alive. It would be cruel. This was their home. Pups can’t live without the mother…” His features pinched into something weary and sad. And I wondered if he was right. Could we survive without our parents? Or were we meant to die too, picked off by some other predator or starvation?
As an afterthought, I unhooked my scanner, tapped it and waited for it to recharge and show us the next step. We had not gone this long without food and rest before. Even though I knew we were capable and the mineral-rich water had revived us, we wouldn’t last much longer like this.
The blinking pulse of Pioneer’s location had moved again. I frowned as I studied it. They were closer now, but how could that be? For a moment I felt despair and grief and loss spill over my inner walls. My legs trembled, unsteady on solid ground.
Arvex’s voice was oddly strained when he spoke over the buzz of voices. “We’re going to rest here a while, give our new earth legs a rest.” Our eyes met and I saw in his the compassion and sorrow I knew must be visible in my own. We did well hiding it from everyone except each other. I echoed his attempt to smile, nodded my assent.
Ohre was rushing around the cave, ripping things from his pack and setting the pieces aside on a cloth splayed on the rock beside him. While the others grouped together far away from the stench of rotting meat as possible, I crouched by the miner and watched.
He moved between rations and weapons, dividing and checking them with mechanical precision. His palms were scarred, tales of his past written in every crease and stain and tattoo marking that started at his knuckles and wound their way up his wrists. None of our kind had hands like these, I realized, not even the Pioneer crew. Ours bore callouses from our single weapon, the curved scythe blade we knew how to use because our ancestors had used them. We didn’t bother trying anything else. 
The weapons he had spread in front of us were different than miner weapons. They were given to us by the miners, though, and filled with plasma energy and good for a last resort. But we had never practiced with them or even used them before.
“What are you doing?” I asked as he twisted the raised projectile from the top edge of his gauntlet.
“Making sure we can survive the night.” He tested each weapon, holding them up and attaching them briefly to the strange technology on his left arm. My eyes followed the way they clutched him like a second skin.
“Does it hurt?” I blurted, then blushed when his eyes sharply cut into me. Dark brows knitted together, and I realized they too were painted onto his skin in place of the hair that should have been. And because I needed to know and wanted the brush of any skin in that moment, I reached out.
Ohre held his breath and my fingers traced the metal grooves, was surprised to find them as pliable as the windows that had kept the beyond outside the Datura 3. Lights blinked beneath my fingertips, shone through my blunt nails. Before I could trail my fingers over the inked skin above the long band of metal, his rough hand covered mine. Our eyes met.
“Pain is something we learn to know as well as water. From the time we’re born we’re taught that the ways of a miner means to breathe pain.” I stared because something shifted and clicked inside of me that I had never considered before. How had we learned to hate the miners? Was this the reason we had kept them controlled and off-world half of each season?
Glancing back at my crew, laughing together over Arvex’s version of our triumph over the beast, I wondered if we were the weak ones of our species after all.
“Who were you before?” 
Ohre started, nearly dropping his tool on the stone. His brow rose in silent question. Motioning with my hands, I pressed on. “I mean, before you met me…before Datura 3. Don’t you—don’t you have a family to go back to?”
Frowning, he rolled the weapons back up and set aside the rations. “I don’t think it matters anymore, does it?”
I bit my lip to stifle an even deeper question. It was odd to me to imagine a miner with a family, with a relationship of any kind. He must have felt pity for me, otherwise he never would have smiled and answered.
“No, I don’t have any family. I’m as lost as the rest of you, Navigator.” I cringed at the royal title.
He broke the rations into pieces and offered a supplement to me. It tasted like wreen guts. Passing another chunk to me with a glance at our tiny crew, I nodded and crossed the cave to meet them.
“Gem! Get that out of my face before I use it on you!” Bruv growled when the twin had slashed his claw one too many times the young warrior’s way. Kahne shrieked when Menai teased her cheek with his new toy.
Jymee shook his head. “Arvex will take that away from you if you don’t stop.”
Menai and Gem turned to look at each other and then laughed heartily. Plopping themselves on either side of Jymee, they now teased him with their alien claws.
“Why you got to throw the chief at us like that?” Gem moved his claw as if it were speaking. Jymee tried his best not to squirm.
“Yeah, especially since we just lost our lives again.”
“So you might as well let us have our fun, Jymee-boy.”
My shadow fell over them, and in unison the twins greeted me. “Qeya! Oh beautiful Orona!”
“Here, you boys chew on this.”
“What is it?” Bruv questioned warily.
“Your breakfast, lunch and dinner, so eat up.”
I smiled as I turned away and they compared the rations to the worst things they could think of.
“Here,” I offered the last chunk to Arvex. He had taken Hanea to sit apart from the children, gathered her up into his lap where she stared outside. My brother offered me his best half-hearted smile.
“You look terrible. Must be that red hair.” He always teased me about my hair and he was the only one who got away with it.
Wrapping my arms around my knees, I winced from the injuries I had sustained from the crash.
“How are you swimming, sister?” Glancing up, I found a smile on his lips that did not reach his eyes. And remembered that while Arvex may act careless, he was still a King. And we carried the weight so the others would never have to. I could not answer him though, not now, with the water up to our necks like this. When he saw my indecision his smile fell and his hand left Hanea to rise between us. I brought my palm to his.
It was stronger than instinct and memory, the bond between a King and his Orona. Unlike a Queen, I could never be replaced or consider betraying him. Our blood flowed in unison, our minds opposite halves. We were the reason Datura had been so strong. Only when my father’s sister was murdered did the balance change. And now, Arvex and I shared the burden of our feelings. But when he caught a glimpse of the one new emotion I wanted no one to see, a telltale smirk appeared on his handsome face. I wanted to smack it off.
“Hmm…very…interesting, sister.” His eyes moved past me to settle on the miner before flickering purposefully back to mine.
“Your ears are clogged,” I grumbled and stood as gracefully as I could and returned to Ohre’s side.
Jymee gagged on his rations nearby. “Yuck! What’s in this stuff, Qeya?”
Ohre answered for me. “Don’t ask.” I wondered how much more of the stuff we had left, but before I could ask, he’d eased back against the rocks to face the setting sun and waited until I joined at his side.
“You’re lucky to have them, Qeya.” We both watched the twins make Kahne and Jymee laugh. We listened to the world beyond our cave without looking beyond its opening to dusk. When he spoke again, I realized he hadn’t forgotten my earlier question.
“Old Brien was the last family I had left. Rest was killed during the first Invasion…” His voice strained, hoarse, and I felt rather than saw the emotion in his face. And then he told me about his world, the hidden one we had turned our backs to. “Miners live in clans, large families, so everyone is connected to other clans in some way. I be the last of my clan.”
This sounded so much like my people that I couldn’t help a glance toward them to see what was left of them now. Gem and Menai had fallen asleep slumped over each other, claws in hand. Bruv and Jymee were being lulled to sleep by Kahne’s sweet voice. Arvex cradled Hanea to his chest when before he had treated her like a joke. His eyes never ceased their scan of the cave opening. I knew he would stay awake all night.
“How can you keep so calm all the time?” I interrupted. “After everything we’ve been through, you just take it all in with ease, and we’re barely keeping ourselves together.”
“It wasn’t—easy—growing up on the streets. You don’t know how hard it is until you’re a no-name in a grinding world that has everything to do with rank.”
My mind drifted again to my memories of home world. I thought of our palace, one large ancient clan, rarely open to outsiders. Had we made this harsh order he spoke of? Ohre was still speaking, of the heaven-sailing clan of Brien. How it was only through old Brien, his distant relative, that he had found status and family again.
“Our caves go deep in the cliffs of the southern island. We learned to mine there first, lived so long around the core gasses eventually we forgot the rivers we had lived in before.” His words trailed off, eyes narrowing in on the dust-sprinkled inky entrance that had replaced the sun. Creatures and beasts from outside came alive the brighter the heavens grew.
I relaxed somewhat, listening to his words. Somehow his arm ended up wrapped around me, our sides pressed tightly together. I was determined to stay awake with him through the night. Someone had to make sure those beasts didn’t come back. But Kahne’s sweet voice sounded eerily similar to the way Orona used to put me to sleep as a child. And as my lids grew heavier, I imagined that Ohre caressed my cheek before I escaped into my dreams.



V
ABANDONED


When I woke, I was alone with my cheek plastered to the smooth side of a rock. A strange melding sound was coming from ahead, and disentangling myself from the strange position, I frowned at the alien hide billowing in the wind. The length of it covered the cave entrance where the miner had hung it. Ohre stomped around from the opposite side, unclamping the welding tool from his gauntlet. It was the same one he had used to blast our way out of the ship and I wondered how he controlled the metal thing.
At one corner of the cave, near the fire pit, the twins had carved up and were now roasting the beast’s meat; what remained of my crew were laughing together. Twisting to face them I watched Bruv gently stir Kahne awake, then hand her a cup of water. Her grateful smile made the harsh lines of his dark face ease. Their moment was almost immediately disrupted by the twins.
“Welcome to the first day of the rest of your life, mate!” Gem said, and then grabbed Kahne’s face to plant a quick kiss on her cheek. 
Menai came from the opposite side to kiss her other cheek, saying, “’Bout time you woke up, girlie!” 
Bruv clenched his fists and the startled Kahne jolted out of bed and rounded on the twins. Boxing both of their ears simultaneously, she screeched, “How dare you, you pus-leaking miners!” The boys cried out, though their grins never left their faces. I shook my head. Bruv could have easily sliced them from nose to navel with his scythe, and Kahne was just as proficient with his. 
“Get them, Kahne!” Jymee cheered on from beside Hanea. He was currently carving into the nearby rock with a smooth black stone. Willing my weary limbs to move, I ignored the scuffle continuing at my feet and came up behind Jymee. 
“What are you making?” I asked with a nod to the drawing. 
His smile lit his face, pleased to have found my attention. Back on the ship, I had made the children look after one another by a strict order. Each class mentored the one below it, unless they needed my help or Arvex’s. Jymee beamed up at me as if he hadn’t lost his mother and father in one instant.
“It tells how we found our new home, so our kids will know one day,” he said, then pointed to the larger circular symbol. “This is the ocean that covers everything, then the big mountains that go around the valley…” Pausing to scratch his chin, he added, “I’m not sure what’s past the valley yet.” 
I nodded and rested my hand on the top of his mop of flaxen hair and said, “It’s very good, Jymee.” Inside, I was reeling at the fact the youngest member of my crew saw more clearly than any of us. Not only was he implying that this hostile alien world was our home but that we would be stuck on it long enough to raise another generation here. 
Shaken, I wrapped my arms around my chest and moved past Hanea, closer to the cave exit. Now I knew how she felt, that overwhelming loss that reminded you constantly you could never go back and undo things. We were stuck. As I watched the children play I wondered how they could act so at ease after everything we’d been through.
Arvex leaned against the newly covered entrance to the world beyond, fists on his hips and a confident grin on his handsome face. “That’s one way to keep the leaking beasts out of our cave!” Ohre returned his grin with a much more disturbed one. His eyes found mine immediately after, and I recognized the vague sense he had been watching me long before.
“Stew in the cooker if you want it.” He motioned to the smoking pit to my right. The other children were already gathered round, eating the diluted chunks of the predator and its pups. They laughed together as if our lives hadn’t just been blown to bits in the heavens. Playing with the bones of the alien that had tried to eat us the night before, they acted as if they were home. 
“No…” Something inside burst suddenly. Needing the others to hear my protests, I turned to Arvex and Ohre, the steel returning to my bones. “No! What are you doing? We can’t live here!” Gesturing wildly to the harsh cavern behind us I couldn’t believe when Ohre caught my hand in his, stunting my orders.
“Relax, Royal…this is just a camp. Let the children feel safe for now. It puts them at ease to rest and pretend their lives be different. We’ve marked this cave with our smell and no other predator will dare come near for a while.”
“Besides,” Arvex unnecessarily added, “have you seen what’s out there? Those bottom-crawling aliens kept me up half the night with their screams. No way are we camping out in that forest! The little ones won’t make another march like the last one we took.” I hadn’t looked outside but I was not about to own up to it.
Wrenching my fist from Ohre, I growled, “And what about the Pioneer, Arvex? Are you suggesting we just leave them out there to fend for themselves? We owe it to them and ourselves to find them. We know the way out and they are obviously lost. And we are not going to get fresh waiting here. I need all of us together. We split up and we might as well feed ourselves to the aliens.”
“But, Qeya…”
“She’s right,” Ohre cut in, eyes steady on mine. “This ain’t home for you Royals. We make our camp here. We will sweep the valley but come back before nightfall.” I looked at my brother and after a lasting tense moment he only shrugged.
Clapping his hands and rubbing them together, he moved between us and to the rest of the group. “All right, mates! Let’s pack up for our first big adventure!” The twins scampered up the quickest, already bragging about who would have the most claws by nightfall. Kahne and Bruv had finished teaching the twins their lesson and were sharpening their scythes and Jymee was debating on what to pack.
Pulling out my scanner and pulsing it on I frowned when the trace seemed weaker but closer than before. We had a lot of ground to cover and Ohre sensed this.
Though he spoke softly, his voice carried over the group. “Gather your wits and follow me. There be more waiting out there than fangs and claws.”
We were not prepared for the difference of what waited inside the valley. A tangle of trees higher and larger at the base than anything on our home world clustered like an endless sea out before us. Vines laced through flowers and fruits and there were more screeching fliers than we could catch an eye of. Beasts called out in the distance, echoing the cries of the ones we had narrowly avoided.
“Welcome to the new world, mates,” Arvex said with his usual sarcastic flair. The silvery sky shimmered above, burgeoning clouds thickening in a light carpet above the canopy. As much as the land outside this valley seemed devoid of life, within was brimming, life that in the following moments realized intruders were in its midst.
No one joked or laughed when the forest drew even closer around them and the light was dim and deep green. Whenever the distant—and nearby—creatures drew quiet, we mimicked their silence. The signal on my scanner led us alongside the mountain range back the way we had come. And unfortunately for us, the edge of the wooded valley was home to the most predators. Occasional disruption of underbrush indicated larger plant-eating beasts. The twins were beside themselves with excitement, a fresh burst of adrenaline to help them ignore encroaching exhaustion. But Jymee was less than enthusiastic about the wild alien life hidden, watching us. 
Tugging on Hanea’s sleeve, he edged closer to her side until they were practically fused together. “I think it’s getting past time for our night meal…” he said in a squeaky voice, betraying his unspoken fears. Hanea said nothing, only tightened her grip on his shoulders in the most comforting gesture she could manage. 
“We don’t stop until the star is directly over us,” I replied after checking the pale yellow orb’s position in the sky. 
Bruv and Kahne kept their backs to one another, side stepping along the path to keep a better eye on the forest. Bruv spoke up next, “I don’t like this, Qeya. The trees are too quiet.”
Kahne nodded, twirling her scythe loosely between her fingertips, adding, “Something’s been watching us ever since we left our cave.”
Arvex laughed, “You are all so serious! Why can’t you see this adventure for what it is? At least we’re out here doing something, instead of training for a future that will never come.” 
Nearly dropping the scanner from my hands, I rounded on my brother with a sharp eye. “What do you mean, will never come?” I didn’t mean for them to hear the tremor in my voice, or for Arvex to realize how furious I was. 
Offering me a slightly apologetic look, he replied, “Just come off it, sister. You know well as the rest of us, our parents were leading us nowhere but farther away from the lives we should have had. They abandoned us at the furthest edge of the universe, knowing there was no way we could show our gills back home. I say we make a new life for ourselves here. This place is ripe for the pickings, if you’d only open your mind to it!”
Shaking my head in disbelief, I gripped the scanner more tightly, could feel its electric current beneath my sensitive fingertips. My eyes blazed with things I couldn’t say in front of the others. I wanted to scream at my brother and kick him somewhere he wouldn’t forget. How dare he talk about our parent’s mission like it meant nothing? They hadn’t even been dead for two nights and already he was calling judgment. Furthermore, the instant the adults passed, some of their memories managed to pass to us as well. We knew how much it meant to them to come home one day, and now that drive was instilled in us. 
Suddenly I felt warmth fill my palm and flush up my arm, turned to find the source of this instant comfort and smiled faintly up at Ohre. The miner looked through and into me until I could see he knew exactly how I felt, that he could feel it too. 
Kahne had stepped away from our little group and was inspecting a fat-leafed bush higher than her head. “Ahoy, have any of you seen the twins?”
Brushing aside my annoyance with her former mention of the camp suddenly being “our cave”, I kept my tone carefully neutral. “If they’ve gone to take a leak we can’t wait for them. The signal’s getting weaker,” I added after another glance at the scanner. “Keep a fresh eye, Kahne. I can’t watch everything.” She nodded, already stepping further into the trees but within eyeshot. It was amusing to me how quickly she assumed her role as protector. She had always been a sensitive, timid thing on Datura 3, unless pushed, but now seemed determined to prove herself.
Arvex wasn’t finished making his point, obviously, finding it a necessity to throw in, “At least someone’s taking my advice around here and enjoying themselves.” 
“Give it a rest, Royal. Only one who cares to hear you speak ain’t in her right mind,” Ohre gruffly called back to him. Arvex grumbled several hissing threats the rest of us easily ignored. I sent a silent nod of thanks to the miner whom I was beginning to rely on more than my own blood and gills.
Much as I had suspected, Kahne walked no further than half a fathom before the twins leapt out of the tree, screaming. On any other occasion, the eight-star-year-old child might have already exposed their vital organs to the hungry beasts watching us. But she had also been expecting their foolery. Having covered their faces in mud and stuck twigs and leaves in their clothes they looked scarcely Hunan. Jymee was crying in Hanea’s skirts out of fear for his sister, and this only incensed Kahne’s frustration.
Whacking them both on the head with the hilt of her scythe she shouted, “You two are the most water-logged, pitch filled, wreen turds I’ve ever known! Don’t scare my brother like that!”
“Aw, come on, girlie,” Menai held up his hands to ward off another attack.
“We were just having a bit of fun!” Gem added. “Where’s your sense of adventure?”
“Ahoy!” I shouted over them, though I was grateful the twins had distracted the others from my own conflict. I meant to tell them that we needed to keep moving, if we wanted to cover any ground before moonrise. Their faces turned to mine, wide-eyed with expectation, yet it wasn’t their approval that had me so frightened now. Ohre’s eyes narrowed on me as I gaped and my mouth tried to form the words. What I was seeing didn’t make sense. A savage horde of creatures was rushing toward us in a black blur, down from the cliff edge and straight for us. No beast should look this intelligent yet so savage. 
“Qeya?” Ohre whispered under his breath and then on instinct he glanced over his shoulder to follow the trail of my gaze and instantly began to switch parts on his gauntlet.
“Run!” Arvex shouted, as the creatures’ cries fell upon our ears. Jymee screeched as Arvex hefted the baby of our group in his arms and, dragging Hanea by her hand, he darted past the miner and headed for the trees without looking back. 
The twins pulled two identical looking sharp-toothed jawbones, still marked by blood and grit. I could have shouted at those two for carrying something that would obviously scream for the attention of every predator a fathom away, but there wasn’t time. There was only an instant before the swarm caught up to us.
Bruv and Kahne double backed us as another defense protecting our king, scythes at the ready. As they passed, I watched Bruv activate his, so that a low, humming electricity sound emitted from the ancient curved blade. Holding my blade aloft, I glanced at the miner at my side and all last traces of prejudice fled my conscience. Because of him we had lived. He caught my gaze and emotions he usually kept hidden flashed in his dark orbs. 
I could almost feel the foul breath of the pack ready to attack us and faced them. Going through the quick mental list I had once studied in preparation for a moment such as this, I took my opponent in. They were almost as tall as us, awkward in their hunched-over state, running on their shorter forelegs and covered in thick coarse fur. Yet their faces were lighter in comparison, short jaws framed by thin blade-like teeth, and their nonexistent noses flared from exertion beneath golden intelligent eyes. Their screams raided over us before they did, and I wondered what the miner had planned, otherwise I might have rushed out to meet them. 
Quick study of the gauntlet proved my suspicion but I wondered why he was taking so long to blast the aliens. His eyes darted back and forth from the trees to the pack facing us. I readied myself, breathed deeply and held onto my energies that seemed to be going a league a heartbeat. I never used my gifts except to heal, yet there was a new memory in the back of my mind, of another use for my Orona gift. I shuddered to think of resorting to use it. The last Royal who had reversed their healing powers to destroy went insane. 
I felt as though I were about to jump out of my skin. The handle of my retractable blade nearly cut into my palm but I was ready for the fight to come. We had made it this far. We knew we would face untold dangers out here. Only now I wished we had left Hanea and Jymee behind. I should have known they might be a hindrance if we ran into trouble. Now I had their lives to worry about as well as the rest of our group. We had to survive, no matter what came. 
Golden intelligent eyes narrowed in on me. As the beast reached out with its sharp claws to swipe at my head, I ducked, and sliced open its belly. And then I fell into the dance. I had never fought something trying to kill me before. Ohre had basically taken care of the monsters from the cave, so somehow this felt different. These beings weren’t here defending their territory, but to tear us apart. So I pivoted, turned and cut vulnerable places at their necks and bellies, until I grew used to the spray of their blood. Behind me I caught flashes of Bruv and Kahne flanking us and aiding in the attack. 
Ohre had disappeared, I realized when I jumped over the creatures and looked for him. As I came down I brought my blade in a wide circle, then drew it in tightly. The animals weren’t stopping for me, though…they were chasing the vulnerable ones behind us. So I made myself move faster. 
The temptation rose up in my mind again, memory of a distant ancestress reminding me what I had the potential to do. Steeling my mind shut, I refused and made myself move faster. A distant scream was what brought me out of the scythe dance. I couldn’t tell if it was male or female but I knew it was one of mine. A cry escaped my lips and with fresh anger I attacked the hoard. Bruv and Kahne seemed to be doing the same and I could only hope the twins and Arvex would protect the others. 
The pack had to be thirty strong at least, I reasoned, for no matter how many I cut down there seemed to be more. I couldn’t understand their reason for wanting to hunt us. Perhaps we had come into their territory? They couldn’t be so hungry for meat they would imagine they could take us down, could they? 
My arm ached with the force exerted with every thrust and arc. My limbs were an extension of this blade, I remember my father telling me. I knew several claws had pierced my jumpsuit and ripped my skin, but I hardly felt it at the moment. 
When it seemed I couldn’t go on, I heard a voice call over our heads, a booming sound over the nightmare that had found us. 
“NOW!” Ohre’s voice was our only warning and I ducked until I was flat on the ground, hoping the others would see and do the same. With only a beep as warning, an electric charge buzzed over us, swept in a blue-colored arc across the thinly forested mountainside and sliced the rest of the beats in half. 
I was on my feet as soon as I felt the prickling heat pass, stumbled over mangled limbs and lifeless aliens until I saw the first of my crewmates. Kahne was covered by the beasts and struggling to get out from under them. Retracting my blade and hooking it back onto my belt, I scrambled to help her, pulling heavy torsos and limbs off her. I drew her into my arms as soon as I saw the flutter of her purple eyes. 
“You’re alive!” I gasped for breath, still feeling the thrum of my boiling blood. 
Bruv trudged up to us then, his blade still glowing until he pulled his gift back inside his skin. His eyes were worried until I revealed Kahne, and then to my surprise he dropped to his knees and hugged her with a ferocity I had not seen in him before. She sobbed into his chest and I saw tears squeezed out of Bruv’s eyes as well. She was only eight and far too young to fight like this. But this was exactly the sort of war we were being groomed for, I remembered. Only against highly skilled warriors, not this brutal alien warfare. 
Assured they were fine, I spotted Ohre standing alone off to the side, bent over from his efforts with his plasma beam. If I was correct in guessing what he had used to save our lives, then it had required a lot more energy than what was stored in a power cell. So where did he get the extra fuel? He glanced up and held my gaze for one intense moment before ducking his head again.
On either side of him, the twins held their bloodied alien jawbones and bent to retrieve trophies from the beasts we had been forced to take down. I shivered at how natural their mud-painted faces looked.
Reaching Arvex, I gasped when I saw a stoic Hanea silently sobbing over the limp figure in my brother’s arms. Jymee’s small body was slashed across the belly, but the wound had not penetrated too deeply just yet. Trembling, I brushed past Hanea, catching the hopelessness trapped in her orbs, and fell to my knees beside my brother. 
“Just do it, sis. Whatever you have to do!” Arvex’s voice broke as he spoke and I saw how bloodied he was, his twin miniature scythes lying on the earth on either side of him. Laying my hands over the wound, I ignored Kahne’s cry behind me as she realized her baby brother was almost dead, and dug my fingertips through his black blood. 
Shutting my eyes, I recalled my lessons, the ones the true Orona had given me before she was murdered. My thoughts were still jumbled from the recent addition of my mother’s memories. I already had most of mine since my mentor had passed on when I was a child, and I suppose her presence in my mind was what made me act so much older. The line of the Orona was dark and deep as the turbulent seas of home world. Our power was great and our burden was therefore much greater. Healing came easily to me. I had no sooner begun the process than it was over. Thank the heavens I hadn’t given into my mad relative and reversed my gift to take down the attacking beasts. One of our earlier ancestors hadn’t been able to handle the burden of war. In the age when miners tried to join us on land for the first time, she reversed her power. It was her voice in my head just then, tempting and showing me flashes of fire, of bodies bursting apart from the inside out, of whole armies laid waste by the force of her will. She had never been able to heal again after she used her power to destroy. I believe that was what drove her to kill herself. 
My mentor was a true orona. My father’s sister only used her gift to make others well. If she had used her full potential, could she have stopped the invasion, I wondered. And then I wondered what I was truly capable of.
Jymee coughed on his own blood, but at least his flesh was mended, though tender for now. I knew we weren’t going to search anymore today. It was time to turn back and take refuge once again. Next time I wouldn’t take anyone with us who might not be able to defend themselves. 
After gathering our wits together, we walked on in filed pairs. Ohre scanned the trees and I the screen leading to our last link to home. Our walk back was slower and much more guarded than the initial search had been. Now that we knew what surprises this valley had to offer, we weren’t about to make the same mistakes twice. I couldn’t help but to check the scanner once again, the fear over what we just endured now translated into my fears for the shuttle crew. If we had barely been able to fend them off how could the Pioneer survive this wilderness without a healer? 
“Signal’s moving and it will soon be out of power. This isn’t good.” His eyes met mine, hand linking through mine even though it was still sprayed by the creature’s blood. It amazed me that in spite of everything that had just happened I still felt a rush of euphoria spread from our fingertips. Lacing up our arms, it seemed to build on a connection that was only just beginning to solidify.
“You twist your metal too much, Navigator. Let your worries be for now. It’s been a fair day for battle. Give your waters a rest.”
Shivering at the title that rightfully belonged to my father, I huffed. “I’m not the Navigator, Ohre.”
“Don’t worry about the shuttle. If there’re any survivors, you know they would bring the beacon with them. We’ll find them another day.”
Biting my lip, I stared ahead. “This place is so awful… Much more dangerous than I really believed. You know I always wanted to go with the crews, pretty much begged them to let me ascend three years early…” I glanced back over my shoulder. The youngest three had relaxed again somewhat thanks to the twins’ constant pestering. Arvex held Jymee in his capable arms, as the child slept. Hanea kept up beside him, her gaze filled with worry that she hid whenever the others turned to speak to her. Watching them I couldn’t help but feel I had already failed somehow. I should have known better than to take the little one along. And Arvex had been so worried about his mate, he should have stayed behind to guard them as well.
“You are a good leader, Qeya. You would make a good orona,” Ohre said as if he could read my inner doubts.
My eyes widened. “How did you know I was going to be the Healer?” His gaze brushed over my features, studying them in a way not even Tamn had ever done.
“I just know,” he replied and my glare prompted him to betray more. “When I was a boy, they made me learn the workings of third deck, as there weren’t much good I could do down below yet. I did nothing special, just cooked and kept the parts working on the shuttles. Most of Brien’s clan made a point not to mingle with you lot. We miners never cared much for your Royal ways. We have our own chiefs and the clan way of steering things. But I was always too curious for me own good. So, when I was up on third deck, I did me duty, but I also listened to what them other Royals had to say.” Almost as an afterthought he shifted his gaze to my red hair and smiled. “I saw you more than once, Qeya. I’ve seen you when you think others are not looking.”
My weary eyes widened, lips twitching. “Are you sure your gears are working properly? Most boys don’t watch girls like that. It isn’t polite.” His eyes lingered on my mouth and heat flooded beneath my marred skin. The only downside to being what I am is my own wounds heal much more slowly, even with my gift.
“It is forbidden for a miner to approach a royal unless summoned. I could never find a way to speak to you before. But you were the only thing more beautiful than the heavens. How could I not look?” 
How could he say these things when he must have felt what I almost gave into, when he knew what I could become? In that moment I felt the first layer of my training rush away, never to be reclaimed again. I would never fight the way his words made me feel.
Ohre nudged me then, changing the subject. “Let me have a look at that scanner. I might be able to make it last longer for you.” As I handed it to him, I wondered how we had been so star-blessed to have the miner with us. We would have been dead a dozen times over if it hadn’t been for him. When he noticed my smile his mouth twisted into a wicked smirk.
“See something you like?”
“Just making sure you don’t break anything.”
“I’ve been known to mend anything, if you’ll let me, Navigator.”



VI
MISSING


On the tenth day since we had arrived on this hostile world, after yet another dangerous attempt to hunt down the missing shuttle crew, we made it back to our camp just before the moon covered the land with a pitch-black veil. I stood outside the cave on the ledge that overlooked the valley because I could not stand another minute inside with the others. 
Arvex had agreed to remain at the cave with Hanea and Jymee while the rest of us went out searching. It was clear his mate couldn’t handle another run-in with our alien friends, and as for Jymee, he had found more rocks to color the walls with and took to exploring the tunnels we came from. Every day I watched my brother transform from the spoiled burdened heir to a legacy he didn’t want, to a capable adult. He seemed content to let me lead the search while watching over the morale of our group. But the closer he tied himself to this place, the further I felt from him. We had always worked together, even when I did most of the work. Now I couldn’t help the loneliness I felt among them.
My eyes scanned the treetops and I believed if I looked hard enough, my heart could call out to Tamn’s. He had to be alive, I reasoned, because I couldn’t accept a life without him in it. 
When Arvex had gotten on my last gill and my parents overbearing, it had been Tamn who made me laugh through my troubles. Like his younger sister Hanea, he had the silvery complexion of his House, except his hair was purely silver and not the more common platinum blend. Growing up, we joked that we were both the outcasts of our noble families. Tamn made life bearable.
Giving up on them would be like saying he was dead. The others were beginning to lose hope, beginning to get too comfortable in the new life we were forced into. For the first time our lives weren’t regimented by the adults. And I reasoned it was acceptable until we found a way back among the heavens. I hadn’t given up hope we would find the shuttle and with it, build our way off of this rock. 
The hostile world was hot and sticky here within the mountain range. The high peaks spanned the whole land as far as our eyes could see, circling around the dark forest until the mist clouded their never-ending trail. With the endless ocean on its other side of a sheer drop and only a series of underwater caves linking the two climates, I couldn’t help but feel trapped. Perhaps we should have taken our chances with the sea, I had so often thought. We had all come from the sea, were born in water as a matter of fact. It was our first mother in so many ways, even if the water tasted differently here. Oddly enough I would have felt safer in that world below than this one. 
Peeking past the animal skin Ohre had made our first night in the cave, I watched my crew share in their latest kill. We quickly learned that we couldn’t expect the beasts of this world to avoid us forever, just because we smelled strange. The second day after, a giant cat with long, razor-sharp fangs attacked us and nearly sliced Kahne’s leg in two. Ohre’s power fusion gauntlet saved the day again, blasting it to shreds. Kahne walked with a slight limp after that. Even with my healing powers I almost hadn’t been able to fuse the bone back together again. She never told us whether it gave her pain or not. 
I had used my gifts to stitch her up as best I could from the inside out, and we collected our second trophy. While Jymee covered the walls with his scribbles, the boys had lined the opposite wall with bones and treasures from the forest floor. Gem and Menai had taken to painting themselves up with mud every day, called it their “war paint”. It was half off by the end of the sultry days, but it amused them and gave Bruv something to poke fun at them about on our sweeps of the valley. 
Arvex kept Hanea close to his chest, surprisingly affectionate to the girl he had formerly barely tolerated in favor of other conquests. Though she had not spoken since the crash, her eyes betrayed warmth whenever Arvex spoke to her. 
The children waited after their meal to hear him speak. He always told stories of home world before bed. “Let me tell you something really clever now, mates,” he said. “Something not even the miner knows…” 
Ohre was scouting the area he had claimed for our territory and I pretended I wasn’t also standing outside to watch for his return. Otherwise Arvex would never dare talk about what the miner did and didn’t know.
“Hear that, Gem? The King’s going to tell us a story!” Menai’s teeth seemed exceptionally white on his mud-caked face. 
Gem was too busy poking Kahne to pick up on his brother’s comment and Bruv was sending him death glares. Kahne refused anymore of the twins’ kisses until they started taking real baths again. “Get off of me, you filthy wreen!” 
Gem might have been put out had his brother not jabbed him hard in his bare chest. “Ow! I’m listening!” He rubbed his chest as though it had been a scythe wound. Another annoying habit the twins had taken to was wearing their shirts around their heads or their waists depending on the time of day. They also liked to string the teeth and claws of our victims from the twine about their necks. 
Now convinced he was the center of attention once again, Arvex began, “Once, back on Datura, we all lived underwater.”
“All of us?” Jymee piped up and paused his burning the end of a stick in the fire pit. 
“Aye, that was the way of things,” Arvex replied with a wink. “Now everyone knows the miners lived deep in places none of our kind could ever go. For an age, the peace was kept because of this. But then… Can anyone tell me what happened next?”
Kahne smiled as she added, “Then the miners came to our palaces and wanted to steal our ways. They told stories about how our palaces were once theirs, which everyone knows is mindless. How could miners build something so beautiful?”
Bruv continued the tale, stared broodingly at his scythe and the markings on it that belonged to his house. “Miners only knew one thing: how to dig deep and fast and hold up long. They could defeat us because we couldn’t chase them to their caves, so we came to land first, to escape.”
Arvex nodded, finishing the story we all knew best. “This is how things began for us, all those ages ago. When the miners finally came to see why we had left our palaces, they couldn’t fight us above ground. Too long they had spent in the deep dark places. They hated the light so much, they found caves above ground too, and here made their discoveries.”
I could have added the honest truth none of our people would confess to. The miners might have wanted our palaces once upon a distant age, but we wanted their resources even more. We wanted what they had so badly we fought an age until we had enslaved them. 
“Watching from the outside again, Navigator?” Ohre’s voice startled me so that I nearly took his neck off. His eyes shone through the darkness; firelight from within glinted off my retractable scythe blade unbound and held to his neck. My people had always been faster than his. From the way he was grinning now, I don’t think he minded.
“Care to step away, miner? You’ve been beaten.” 
Yet his lips parted to reveal his two rows of white pointed teeth. “Are you so certain?” 
I felt something sharp press my belly and gasped, narrowing my gaze. My inner eyelids closed protectively and I blushed after glancing down to find a black blade held at my belly. Made from some polished, shiny rock, I had seen Ohre use it to skin our kills many times before. Pushing away from him I hooked my blade to my tool belt and faced the drop leading to the forest, welcoming the chill of night. 
I fought the urge to swim, something only my brother had been able to inspire me to do as a child. Not everyone felt the same way about the sea. Some of us chose not to remember out past in the ocean but the memories were never far from me. For me breathing underwater was a natural as on land. Arvex loved the empty underwater palaces and often dragged me into his schemes to sneak out of our home to visit them. I rebelled against my own nature often. A leader can’t always do what they wish, even if the waters seem too welcome to resist. Now every time I was around Ohre my gills parted, desperate to breathe the waters in. To me, this made him dangerous.
He stood silently beside me, dropping yet another scaly creature at our door. “Any luck calling on the stars?” 
I sighed, regretting I had opened up to him the night before and admitted to the reason behind my nightly vigils. “No, but I’d rather stay out here than face them.” 
Ohre nodded, understanding and so subtly I might have missed the move, reached for and took my hand in his. “Power’s almost shot in that scanner. Won’t be long before it don’t work and you have to face the hard truth, orona.”
I wanted to pull away and shout at him as I had done before with Arvex. Instead I nodded and felt my inner lids close hard as my emotions choked me. “We’re going to find them tomorrow, Ohre. I’m not giving up.” 
I hadn’t told him about Tamn, but somehow I supposed that he already knew. He knew so much about me just through touch. Twisting to face him I remembered again how much taller than me he was. The intensity of his gaze was only something I ever saw directed at me and I hadn’t forgotten his words or what he hadn’t said. His gills flared the longer I stared up at him, waiting, wondering if I should give into the new emotions I felt every time his fingers brushed my bare skin. 
“Qeya…” he breathed as he traced the sharp line of my jaw and dipped into my unbound hair. 
Frowning, I felt my mind take control the instant he said my name and tried pulling away. “Don’t you dare—” I was interrupted by his lips on mine, by the quick tug and draw of my body into his arms. I was lifted up, clamped into his hard rigid lines and his mouth was moving over mine, coaxing a response. My scream died the moment I felt his tongue and then I felt lost to a kind of gut-jolting fire that boils the rest of its way through your blood. For a brief, yet endless moment of joy I raked my nails over his bare tattooed scalp and ignored the random wish we were underwater. 
My eyes bolted open, and I used all of my strength to push away from him. He was stronger than me, than my kind, but he let me go the instant I resisted. Yet his eyes were still burning with that fire I felt melting my bones and still tingling my flesh till every hair stood on end. I gaped at him, breathless and trying to give him a piece of my mind. He waited, poised against the rock like the predators he hunted every night, watching for my move. When I gave none he gradually relaxed and a slow smile spread across his face. 
That was what set me off, and the words tumbled out of my mouth. “How dare you touch me you—you miner!” Rushing up, I kicked him in the shin and darted inside, trying to ignore the echo of his laughter behind me.



VII
FOUND
 

Of course the miner had to go and ruin things by kissing me, I later reasoned as we began to comb the valley floor one last time. I shook the scanner, realizing the technology wasn’t going to suddenly function swimmingly in response to my physical maiming. Ohre once told me that you had to treat metal like a child, at times gently and others firmly for its own good. But he warned I wasn’t helping anything by beating it against the rocks. 
I was brought out of my inner groaning by my brother’s voice.
“And furthermore, how would you feel if you woke up washed clean and wearing your real clothes again, mate? Not very happy, I assure you!”
Arvex was warning Menai over the twins’ latest prank. My brother had not appreciated waking up with his face covered in mud and twigs sticking out of his hair. But he liked the dragon-tooth necklace, our name for the beasts we had killed to inhabit their cave. As punishment, after learning whose idea it had been, Gem was ordered to remain with Hanea and an almost-healed Jymee.
“You gotta admit you look better dressed like us,” Menai said while rubbing a hand over his shaved head. He had taken to shearing off the single spiked strip soon after our first day, now that he had no gel to keep it upright. I think he just liked the fact that with his bald head he looked more like a miner than the Royal heir he was.
As if he could hear my thoughts, Ohre appeared at my side, letting Kahne and Bruv take the front. I was paranoid, my skin itching to touch his, wondering how it would feel to kiss him again. Love had never been a factor in most Royal alliances. Our people were above such primal passions. Or so I had been led to believe. The way Arvex was with Hanea was making me think otherwise, for ever since we had crashed on the beach their affection had grown deeper and sprouted roots. 
Much as my soul ached for my intended, the things I felt when I was around Ohre, his ability to make me feel strong or vulnerable as I needed to be, I wasn’t willing to turn away. 
Nodding to my scanner he said, “How it be cranking there, Navigator?” 
I sighed and held the screen up for his inspection. “It keeps blinking out on me. I knew we were pushing it. We should have found them by now, but the signal keeps moving. Every day it’s somewhere new. Now that it’s closer than ever before I’m afraid it’s going to phase out on me.”
Grinning roguishly at me he said, “Never fear, Royal. We miners have more than a few tricks up our gills.”
Rolling my eyes at his cleverness, I watched him from the corner of my eye as he bent slightly to inspect his people’s creation. Like almost all our heaven travelling technology, it was miner designed and made. The more time I actually spent around one of them, the more I was convinced there was nothing he couldn’t do.
The air cracked and tensed and then his eyes took to glowing a luminous blue. I had watched this oddity before, one of the tricks he alluded to. There was so much we hadn’t bothered to learn about his people. The metal we brought from the ship should have died days ago without being recharged by the ship’s power fuels, yet Ohre had somehow learned the secret to keeping the technology and us alive.
The twins’ banter fell silent the instant we entered the deep woods. Nearest the rocky caves, the mountain range was bare of most life until the grassy strip that bordered the edge of the forest. We had discovered the majority of predators lived here and learned to avoid most of their territory. The twins had taken to mapping out areas from bark they stripped from the trees and marked with Jymee’s little stones. This was exactly how we knew we were entering dangerous territory.
Massive plant-eating creatures and their small counterparts grazed in the sparse tree line, but deeper within the forest was darker and dangerously quiet. Here the prey knew to be silent and farther in, a place not even the alien monsters dared to roam, we knew something was off. 
The day before, Gem had nearly been lost in a sinkhole before Bruv rushed fast enough to catch him by the arm. Ohre had dragged them both out with his greater strength and from then on we knew exactly what to watch for. The ground was also moist and tended to suck at the heels of your boots if you weren’t careful. And no matter where we trod, I couldn’t shake the feeling of silent eyes watching us from the dark shadows.
 “Qeya, it’s too hot to keep going like this!” Arvex finally spoke up again, finished with his sulking. I dearly loved my brother, but sometimes he could be such a pain in the gears.
Grinning back at him, I called out in a simpering voice, “Poor little prince misses his mechanically controlled air system?”
Narrowing his eyes at me, he was unable to hide his grin and replied, “You just wish you had my stamina, little sister, but then again, I did inherit all the perfect genes.” Pointing to the sky discreetly, I followed his direction and found the star directly overhead. 
Biting my lip, I tried to quell the panic rising inside my gut. That was our cut-off point every day. We knew better than to wander the forest at night and it would take us another half of the day just to march back up those rocks. We were running out of time. And the longer we waited, the less likely the chance we would find the shuttle crew again. 
“Let’s turn back,” I said, giving in. “Arvex, you lead this time. Ohre and I’ll take up the stern.” 
“Aye, best plan you’ve had all day.” The golden prince saluted me and grinned at our crew. “Come along, mates! Freshly chopped up alien meat awaits us!”
I shook my head, but smiled faintly. Against my will I was already starting to relax, just thinking about lying down on my pallet in our cave. I would never call this hostile world my home, but for now at least, it was something. And I would rather have a part of my crew and shelter than nothing.
Just as we were all ready to begin the march back to the caves, Arvex shouted over to me, “Qeya! Your scanner!” It was flashing wildly, though no sign of the Pioneer was in sight.
“I don’t understand,” I said. I hadn’t been paying attention to the device in my hands, and was surprised my brother noticed the faint beeping before I did. His hearing had always been better than mine above water.
Ohre’s gruff voice was close to my ear. “They must have the beacon with them.” 
We stopped, clustered together in the mud of the inner forest and I held the scanner closer to my eyes to determine the distance between us and the Pioneer. My gills were flaring as my nerves woke afresh. We were so close. Would I see Qori, the twins’ sister, and her mate Min, Hanea’s older brother? I was afraid to believe Tamn could still be alive now; afraid if I did, his face would be the one to fade with my memories forever.
“Look out!” A strange voice cried out over our heads.
The children screamed when a pack of belly-crawling creatures rushed from the trees, swarming to where we had gathered, drawing us deeper into the forest. Ohre cursed, rushed to attach his weapon to his gauntlet and our blades were already out. We made a circle, back to back, our best defense for this kind of close-up fight. 
I heard Menai shout out, “Qori! We’re over here!”
And then the voice I had not heard in what felt like ages, the voice I had heard almost every day of my life, calling to me, “Hang on, Qeya!” My eyes wildly flung about the trees to the source of our warning, and I cried out in relief and shock at the faces rushing in front of us. 
I couldn’t distinguish Tamn from the blur their figures made in the trees around us. 
A flurry of alien screams and beastly snarls was accompanied by the blast and slice of Daturan weaponry. We used our blades when the feral beasts attempted to blaze through us, suddenly desperate for an escape. Their wings fluttered then twitched as they died, jaws still working even after life escaped them. 
Somewhere in the near distance I heard a child’s voice erupt in a blood-curdling cry.
I gasped for breath, watched while the tall silhouettes of our missing shuttle crew darted between trunks in an ever-tightening circle. Quickly realizing they were trying to trap them between our two crews, I felt true relief for the first time since the crash. We had found them, or perhaps they found us—I was never certain, really. 
The shuttle crew’s frames were gradually leaving the shadows, approaching the pockets of light that had escaped through the tree tops and reached the forest floor. As they darted through the aliens and propelled their way around us in an expert weaving formation, I saw the spiraling and jagged tattoos of two miners, pumping energy beams out of their handheld weaponry. Occasionally they used brute strength to smack the leaping creatures back into the air, ending on one of our blades and Ohre’s expert shot. Two of the Pioneer adults moved faster and taller, with an age of experience over the best of us, so their scythes literally looked like ribbons in the water. Yet it was the flash of silvery hair that made my gills constrict and my voice catch in the back of my throat. It could have been Min, I reasoned, but I could have sworn I heard Tamn’s voice before the attack. 
It was over almost as quickly as it had begun. Within seconds the lost shuttle crew had dispatched the vicious creatures with scythes and miner weaponry. A brief silence followed the swarm’s demise, while we stared back at one another as if disbelieving the hunans standing in front of us.
The shuttle crew had always carried eight members: two miners, three adults and three ascended youth. I already counted one adult missing from what remained of the Pioneer, but was more than relieved to see two adults and an older miner among the crew. Their faces were swept with grief and terror as they surrounded Arvex, demanding answers. It was not the news they wanted. Their children were among the ones we’d left behind.
What I was unprepared for most was the ascended that were among them. Nearby I heard Min, the same age as Qori—and her joined—growl over the others at my brother. “Where is she? Where’s Hanea? Arvex, I swear if you’ve let anything happen to her…”
“She’s safe, brother, I promise you.” Arvex clasped the older ascended’s arms. Placated for now, he began to move to his mate, but not without calling back, “You shouldn’t have left her in those water-logged caves! She never was meant for this kind of life! We’re going to get her after this.”
“Min, that is enough,” one of the adults reasoned with him. I recognized the scar-covered male to be our mother’s older brother. Our uncle had never been fond of palace life, preferring to keep the peace with the scattered miner clans on Datura. He was the leader of the Pioneer and I was not surprised to see him alive. 
My eyes strayed over the desecrated forest at our feet. Once, the sight of dismembered bodies, even those of alien beings might have sickened me, but now I only felt a numb acceptance. A pale child’s hand stuck up out of the gore and a hoarse cry escaped my lips as I realized what I had missed in the chaos. 
Dropping to my knees in the mud I hefted off the torso of one of the aliens before pulling the lifeless form of Menai into my arms. Kahne threw herself into Bruv, unable to look on. I felt Ohre’s hand on my shoulder as I began to rock back and forth with Menai’s body. My translucent inner eyelids closed rapidly in an effort to stay my tears. The steel walls I had spent my life erecting around my resolve were being ripped to shreds as I stared down into his lifeless orbs. Flashes of our lives on the ship and before, when he and Gem were babes held in my arms sank into me with the weight of a leviathan’s teeth. 
Pressing my fingertips to his gills I searched for any pulse, any sign of life and choked on a sob to find none. I reached into him until I could see inside his ruined flesh with my gift, until our flesh was one. The ache it left in me shook me to my core, because there was simply nothing left, and that nothingness wanted to swallow me up too. If there was a chance he was still there, clinging to his ruined body, there was also the danger of his soul leeching onto mine. Then we would both lose ourselves. It was better he die than live half a life I reasoned.
“No! Menai!” Qori wailed with the same raw emotion I was feeling. She was the twins’ eighteen-year-old sister, who was just as bushy-haired and bright-eyed as they. Her travel tunic was soiled and torn in several places, and her flawless skin covered in scratches and fresh scars. 
Min ran to stop Qori before she ripped her brother from my arms, his hard granite eyes not softening until he noticed my stare. Nodding to Menai’s crumpled form he insisted, “You must be certain, Orona.”
Hearing the official title from his lips made me freeze and flinch at once. I tightened my grip on the boy I had watched grow up, a boy I was responsible for. Until Min spoke, I had pushed the truth to the back of my mind. We were ascended in the adults’ eyes now. Perhaps all of us were, even baby Jymee. No child could go through what we had and not be irrevocably changed. But now that I knew I was the last, no other choice was acceptable. I must find a way to finish my father’s mission. And though my powers might have tripled since my ascension, I couldn’t bring the dead back to life. 
Qori twisted her tear-streaked face and cried out to me. “Heal him! I know you have the power.”
Shaking my head in denial I pleaded with her, my voice a whisper to keep myself from screaming. “I can’t, Qori, I can’t heal the dead.”
“No! He’s not dead! You aren’t even trying!” Her eyes were accusing, but now Min was wrapping her in his arms. She screamed louder and he attempted to calm her waters.
“Love, you mustn’t be so loud. They could be watching us as we speak.” I shivered with foreboding at his words. I too, had felt invisible eyes watching us every time we entered the massive trees. Were the aliens hunting them too all this time? Is this why they hadn’t kept still for longer than a few shifts of the star?
Yet my eyes fixed onto Menai and compassion welled up in my heart. It was difficult to fight my emotions even though I knew I wasn’t strong enough. Somehow I found myself kneeling at the twin’s other side and cupping his face with my palms I breathed and dipped into my gift. The pain I instantly felt was enough to make me cry out. I felt a firm pair of hands grasp my back to steady me, but I was fading too fast. Too much of my energy was pouring into him. It would take every ounce of life in me to bring this boy back. And I carried the distant memory of the last orona who had sacrificed herself, as well.
But it was then I felt him, could see his pained expression as he fought against his injuries. People’s inner auras glowed, depending on their health. The stronger the soul, the more closely they resembled their fleshy form. Seeing Menai’s eyes open as he recognized me and reached out affected me much more than my last attempt to save him. Wrapping tendrils of my energy around him I watched as he grabbed hold and clung to me. His voice was suddenly in my head.
I caught fading glimpses of Menai’s mind, of endless laughter and pranks with Gem. I saw how he and his brother idolized Arvex and later Ohre. I saw how they had always competed for my attention and thought my face the most beautiful of anything else they had seen. I could feel Menai’s will to live now attaching itself to mine. I struggled to repair the damage in his body enough so his soul could remain in it. But not enough blood remained to rebuild him, and I couldn’t hold onto Menai without ripping his aura away. 
Our eyes locked in that moment, as I let him go, terror-stricken, and left to face the unknown of that next world. How was I going to face Gem? How could any of us when we had sworn to protect each other at all costs? Why hadn’t I been paying better attention? My fault, I thought as the pain became too great, my cry increased until Ohre’s hands pulled me off of the boy and into his solid chest. 
Blinking past tears I met Qori’s sad eyes and shook my head, unable to form the words. At last she nodded and crumpled in defeat over her brother’s corpse. 
“Can’t you try again?” she asked in a voice more feeble than I had ever heard from her before.
My uncle spoke for me then, stepping between us. “We need our healer. Having both of them die would have served no purpose.” He knelt beside her to close the child’s eyes. Qori’s cries after would haunt me for moons to come.
Without thinking, I turned to find comfort in the miner’s arms, then gasped as I saw a worn mud-stained jumpsuit. Instantly I knew the chest I was facing was too thin to be Ohre’s, his arms too long and the awestruck face drinking mine was one I knew better than myself. 
“Tamn!” My voice cracked as I clung to him. 
His haunted gaze traced my features before his hands moved to follow the trail and burrow into my soiled red hair. “Qeya…” he whispered in that clear, deep voice, the same voice that had sung me to sleep most nights after the invasion of home world, aboard the terror of the miner’s heaven vessel.
Tamn was the eldest of our crew’s children now that the others perished in the crash. Remarkable as their icy features were, to me, Tamn was the most striking and attention-arresting of them all. Unlike Arvex, my intended had never been the golden boy, though his hair was nearly silver. Confidence and determination leaked from every one of his gills, poured out from his equally pale eyes.
As if touch was the only way he could be convinced I truly was before him, Tamn snatched me by the waist, trapping me in his crushing embrace. His eyes were awash with emotion, something else uniquely Tamn. He could keep his composure perfectly contained, but his eyes truly were windows to the hunan within. His breath was hot against the nape of my neck.
“Qeya! We saw the attack from here. Pieces of the Datura have been falling through the outer sphere and I thought you…”
I gasped when I felt wetness against my neck. We were not joined yet, though I realized there was nothing stopping him from taking me now. And yet my eyes somehow found those of the tattooed miner over the ridge of Tamn’s shoulder, watching us with guarded fury. Even after the other two miners dragged Ohre’s attention away, those green eyes followed mine.
Bruv and Kahne were still in shock over the death of their friend and had turned their attention to the Pioneer crew. I watched as Bruv approached them, the harsh edges of his face crumbling when he didn’t see their missing adult member.
Looking up at my uncle, the crew’s leader, Bruv asked in the bravest voice he could muster, “Where’s my father?” Even from here, I could feel the child’s pain as the adult knelt to his level, placed a hand on his shoulder and held his gaze. 
“He died an honorable death, Bruv. He was the best warrior among us, just like you. He told me he wanted you to be strong for us now, in his place.” My uncle stood and turned to confer with the others briefly. Arvex was officially King Arvex now that our father was dead, and ready or not, even the adults would adhere to him. From their expressions, I could tell they had rekindled their purpose by finding their king, by finding us. We were their future, all that was left of their legacy. Still there were so many of us who hadn’t made it. 
Bruv stared at the space the crew leader had left in his wake, clenching his father’s blade so tight his energy began to dart over his skin and fill the curved metal. Kahne stood behind him, leaning on him to follow. Her parents had died on board Datura 3 like the rest of ours. Bruv had had one last hope and now this too was crushed.
We weren’t given time to grieve just then, however. The captain looked first at Arvex and then me before insisting we move. “We can’t stay any longer. I’m surprised they haven’t caught up to us by now.”
“Who?” I asked, hearing the harsh shell of my voice. Uncle’s eyes softened and then shifting his stance he turned to my brother. His second mate pulled Qori from Menai’s bloody form.
“We can’t leave him! He’s just a boy.”
The captain called harshly to his crewmember, “Menai is dead and we can’t carry him with us or we’re dead too. And perhaps this will occupy them long enough to give us time.” Turning to Arvex he inclined his head, one leader to another. “Where is this cave you spoke of?”
Arvex nodded to Menai. “He made an atlas.”
Qori couldn’t restrain her sob when the captain searched her brother’s corpse and pulled the bark loose. Marching back over to Arvex he handed over the wood. “Take us there, my king.”
All of this happened so quickly, yet like certain moments in life, would remain imprinted, painted just as clearly as the day I experienced them. 
As we made our way closer to the mountains, Tamn explained our situation as best as he understood it. This was truly a hostile world, with ravenous beasts and giants roaming within. Yet there was something else in the forest they had narrowly avoided, another intelligent race. They knew from the weapons used against them this was unlike any alien race they had encountered before. This was why Bruv’s father was not among the team anymore. He had been injured in the first fight and then sacrificed himself to save the others.
Within the Pioneer’s initial scan of this hostile world, they discovered the sea covered most of its surface, which is part of what intrigued them. Two major continents were split far apart and various island chains dotted other parts of the ocean. It was a very young world, from what they could tell, and our continent was ringed along its southern end by a very impassable mountain range. This valley was the span of the largest of our islands on home world. The crew had found their way inside just as we had, through a different set of undersea caves.
The alien ship shot them down first from the heavens, then returned to the mothership to finish the job. The Pioneer was currently resting at the bottom of the shallow sea. They had managed to take most of the necessary supplies, and the swim was easy enough for them. Yet Tamn said there was more beneath those waves than we believed.
I could hear Ohre arguing with the other two miners nearby but could not find my own voice. Not with Tamn beside me, alive and not dead.
“We’ve been on the move without any time to really breathe ever since we arrived, Qeya,” Tamn continued to explain, his fingers laced through mine. “These people don’t like that we are here. We aren’t sure if they’re connected to the ones who attacked our shuttle but the captain’s convinced they are. I tend to think it was someone else. The weapons these use in the valley are primitive, but not simple. Still there’s no sign of any advanced civilization like ours here. That’s what drove us to come in the first place. We thought it was safe.”
He grinned faintly, eyeing me in a way that I had never noticed before, as if he could not take in enough. “We ejected the pod soon after takeoff. We were on our way back when the attack came, Qeya. That’s how we found the caves too.” After a pause his lips quirked into the grin that once arrested my heart. “I’m so glad to see you, Qeya. When I thought you were still on Datura 3…”
I didn’t know what to say to that so I tried to just enjoy the feel of his fingers wrapped around my own.
The surviving three royals and two miners were arguing on whether or not they should go back and salvage deck two, to make a new ship. Clearly the miners wanted to get back to the heavens as soon as possible. What the Royals were not saying was they wanted to salvage their children as well as what was left of the ship. Tamn said they held on to the hope there might have been more survivors. I didn’t have the heart to take away their hopes. I knew it wasn’t so, though. Ohre and I had scoured the deck for other heartbeats and found none. My scanner had confirmed that. We would never leave our own behind.
I wanted him to see reason, even though I secretly hated the idea of giving up as much as he did. “We can’t let the crew keep walking around like this. We have to settle somewhere, Tamn.” The much taller hunan beside me had grown silent while I worked through my thoughts. Even the caves we’d found would be better than wandering forever.
“I know. But every time we’ve stopped, the others show up.” For Tamn to sound afraid meant whoever these others were, it might take all of us to fight them off. I turned to take in our numbers and found Ohre’s eyes still fixed on me; more specifically on Tamn’s fingers wrapped through mine.
The other two miners flanked Ohre, different yet similar tattoo designs covering their bald heads. I was surprised when I realized the younger of the two miners was subtly delicate in feature. It never had occurred to me to notice they had females among the workers of the ship. Together they rambled off in their guttural language.
The captain’s second was walking at the head of our group alone, while he guarded nearby to my right side. It felt strange to be around adults again, and it reminded me how much my crew had changed in so short a time. Could we even try to return to that life? Would that life satisfy us now that we had found freedom?
Tamn spoke softly so the others would not hear. “Qeya, I want you to know if anything happens to us… I meant to ask you as soon as we came back from this mission. I wanted to tell your mother so many times. I couldn’t stand waiting for you anymore.”
“What?” I met his eyes with a flicker of my inner lids. His white eyes were filled with the most emotion I had ever seen in an adult. His love washed over me and I wondered how long he had kept it bottled inside, and how he had kept me unaware of it all this time.
“Qeya, I wanted to tell you that I…” he breathed.
A piercing cry cut through the fading daylight. The old miner had been trailing behind us, and his wrist weapon let loose a rapid succession of energy bursts as he fell. The alien blade poked through his chest and the plasma power from his weapon lifted roots from trees and nearly cut the massive trunks in two. The forest exploded into sound and action. The aliens had caught up to us.
Tamn and I both had our blades out and ready, along with a second weapon he unhooked from his belt. It looked much like the miners’ tools. His eyes found mine one last time as the children screamed behind us and the others scrambled off into the foliage looking for cover to fire from. Before I could register his actions Tamn drew me into him, his lips covering mine in one passionate breath-stealing tangle.
“Go!” he shouted, running back to the growing chorus of otherworldly screams approaching us. The alien people shouted out their war cries as they attacked and what was left of the Pioneer turned to face them.
The captain, our uncle, was using a weapon I had never seen before, some blend between a whip and a scythe. Every twist and turn he made, using the trees and branches for leverage, the blade extended on a thin chain to attack a nearby enemy. The trouble was their spears were coming in faster. Suddenly, a face appeared through the trees and I gaped at the first sentient being from the Edge I had seen. Its skin was dusted in hair that grew about its face and its head, where too intelligent eyes blazed brightly. It roared at the captain as he fended off the initial blow of the alien’s spear, then ducked and swinging his weapon, allowed the chain to wrap about the upright creature and slice him to pieces. 
My uncle turned to me, his granite eyes filled with determination, and for the first time fear, as he shouted, “Take the others and run! We’ll hold them off and meet you at the cave! Never stop, no matter what you hear!”
His second mate jumped in the way of another alien attack, narrowly avoiding being skewered at the end of its spear tip. Using the now-dead being as a shield, he shook with each impact of sharp stone blades.
Arvex was already leading the others in the opposite direction. “Qeya! Come on!”
I stared numbly after Tamn, who held his scythe in one hand and a miner blade in the other, crossing them over another alien’s bare neck. I gripped my scythe, refusing to run, refusing to lose him again. I wasn’t a coward!
I cried out when a pair of hands grabbed and dragged me away from the battle. Ohre growled in his first tongue when I would not run. He shouted over the boom of plasma charges and upturned earth. “Get your metal together, Qeya! You heard what the captain said! There’s too many of them! I’m getting you out of here even if I have to carry you!”
Kahne helped Bruv defend our backs as we sought our escape route. Though Kahne was only eight and Bruv not even three years older, both were better with the traditional scythe than I was. The few spears and shorter-tipped arrows that reached for us were sliced in pieces by these two.
The female miner held back with them, firing from her own weaponry, a tool she held between both hands. Her voice carried over the din. “We’ve got to move faster, Ohre!”
“Keep your gasses tight, Adi!”
We continued to stumble madly through the forest. By now the sounds of the dying screams had faded in our ears. But we could only run so long and so far in a primeval wood before we collapsed. More than once I wondered if we were going in the right direction. The aliens had split up, a hunting party continuing to trail us until Adi and Ohre disposed of them. By this point we were farther in the interior than we’d ever been before and I was too burdened to care. Even if we’d had the endurance of the miners it would not have been enough. The mud grew thicker and we barely kept my brother from falling into another pit. And once the rains broke with a crackling warning above, I lost the will to go any farther.
Adi, the other miner, paced in constant circles around us muttering aloud her frustrations.
I let loose my first tears against Ohre’s chest. Once again he sheltered me while I grieved the loss of someone I loved. Tamn’s revelation was fresher and more acutely painful than the fact that we had just plummeted from the heavens on a scrap of home world ship. Curious how sometimes it is a simple thing that triggers our grief again.
I had no hope Tamn had made it through the wet alien world this time, could not help the feeling I had lost something irreplaceable once again. I may have desired Ohre, but Tamn was my best friend, the reason I had pushed us so desperately to find the Pioneer. And I realized then that a part of my soul had always and would always love him.
We fell asleep at the base of the closely knotted trees and did not notice the gaze of watchers from the canopy above.



VIII
FORGIVEN


I dreamed I was floating amid the stars, sinking into one of those black spaces where the heavens swirled together until they became the undersea lights of our ancient home world. Occasionally the blackness of the deep would give way to a softer, warm lantern light and I could see faces I knew better than my own. Min was there, and beside him was Qori with her little brother Gem tucked into her arms between them. Gem, who was only half a hunan now, because I hadn’t been strong enough.
“Fight the tide, Qeya,” Gem whispered the proper farewell for our kind. Their faces blurred and traded places with a strange fur-coated people whose hands were oddly similar to ours. They brought me comfort and sleep.
I thought perhaps I woke occasionally, but was no longer really able to tell the difference between dreams and the waking world. I saw flashes of home world and the smoke that burned half the city as we rushed for the lights of a crude mining vessel. I saw the past generations of rulers through my mother’s eyes and those of her mother before her and so on down our line. Because I was Royal and my parents were dead, I saw the world through ancient and young eyes and tried not to hate them for burdening me with the weight of their memories when they died.
I heard the screams of the children I had failed to save and Menai’s face as I set his soul free from his body.
It was a relief when I opened my eyes to something recognizable. In the glow of torchlight, two faces appeared above me, so familiar because I had never been long without them. My golden brother, the prince, was crying and laughing at once. Then I knew I must still be dreaming, because Hanea was no longer silent from shock as she had been for so long, but full of life and heavy concern as she smoothed my brow with her hand.
“She’s burning up again, Arvex,” she hissed and my brother’s laughter was traded in for quiet fear. I had not seen him look so fearful since the day we left home world as children, when he was too young to keep it hidden away.
He rushed to my side and clasped my cheeks in his hands. “Qeya? Qeya, can you hear me? If she’s awake, why won’t she say anything?” He turned and growled as if he expected Hanea to answer. Her pale hands rose to clasp his arm.
“Love, we should fetch the healer.”
Arvex brushed her hand aside and each word he spoke sounded farther and farther away. “I won’t have any of those savages touching my sister! She’s the bleeding Orona! She can heal herself, can’t you Qeya?”
Darkness claimed me once more and I had the faintest irrational concern before the stars and memories of home world took me. I remembered the forbidden undersea palace and how much Tamn and I had spoken of wanting to live there one day. His silver-shaded eyes danced as he listened to me spout off the adventures to be had below the waves and the treasures just waiting to be reclaimed. This had been before we left home world, when Tamn was simply my friend, before I was told he would one day be bonded to me. Thoughts of Tamn made me ache inside deeply, for a reason I could not remember.
When I opened my eyes the third time, it was dark. I could see only the golden glow of large eyes set into three small and again familiar faces. Bruv, Kahne and Jymee whispered together and struggled to find the best positions beside my bed. 
“Shh! They’ll hear you, stupid,” Bruv said to Jymee, who was still much smaller and energetic than Bruv, Kahne and Gem combined. Bruv then grunted when Kahne whacked his head with her palm and hissed, “Leave him alone. We’re all scared without you making more noise.”
Bruv made a sour face. “But if Ohre or those Nuki hear us—”
“We’ll manage,” Kahne interrupted with a heated whisper. “Jymee was going crazy and so am I. They shouldn’t have kept us in the dark.”
“She’s so still.” Jymee reached over the edge to rest his fingertips on my cheek and I shivered at the feeling, at the tears that filled his glowing eyes. I felt the twinge of his pain in the instant he touched me, and much as I wanted to comfort him, I wanted to escape even more. 
I did not fight it when the darkness claimed me again. And for some time I drifted, weightless among the heavens. This kind of peace was something I had not known since Arvex and I were children. I might never know that peace again if I woke. I might have floated there forever, until I heard him call me back.
“You don’t have to wake if you don’t want to, Navigator,” a rough and almost gravelly voice spoke against my ear and pulled me from oblivion.
I wanted to open my eyes and see past the darkness, but couldn’t find the strength. Anger filled me with this realization, a flicker of my old inner fire. I was strong, just as Arvex had said. I was the Orona and I should have been able to heal myself. Why, then, did Ohre speak in fear, for the first time since I had known him? And how long had he been sitting here by my side, wherever here was?
“I wouldn’t blame you for sailing away to join the rest of the ship in the afterlife, you see. But I wouldn’t forgive you for leaving me, either.” He paused to take in an unsteady breath.
I willed my body to move and comfort him. Once again, the light I had always felt inside of me was impossible to reach, the flame extinguished. Only dying coals glowed faintly amid the ashes.
“We’ve come too far, worked too hard keeping those whelps alive. Don’t you dare expect me to look after them once you’re gone. I—I would have let them all die if it meant keeping you here with me.”
My heart raced and I would have cried had I been able. I felt something soft brush against the gills along my neck and felt as if I were falling, or flying. It was enough to bring the essence of me back to my body. At the same moment, it brought back the reality of our situation and the lingering ache in my being from having used so much to try and save Menai. Was I doomed to spend the rest of my life constantly hunted and trying to save the dying around me? It might have been easier to simply let my light go out and join the others, as he said, but I had never backed down from a challenge in my life.
And though I was afraid of his words and what his touch could mean, I forced myself to wake to a pair of slanted dark eyes set in a tattooed face. “Ohre?” The air seemed stolen from his chest as the gills along his neck flared wide with surprise, and then his smile broke through the dim light.
“You made it through, Navigator,” he finally said, roughly, as his demeanor shifted back to his usual stoic humor.
But he hadn’t been quick enough. I had seen the joy and overwhelming need fill those strange dark eyes. And much as I wanted to cover his hand with mine, to find some irrational comfort from the reason for my living, recent memories numbed me. I remembered screams and shouts as we fought a mysterious and ruthless enemy in the forest. I remembered Menai and Gem and Qori’s terror when he slipped away from us. I remembered Tamn’s lips on mine before he and the others stayed back, so we could escape, so we could live.
Stretching out stiff limbs I looked past my protector and frowned. My gaze met the roof of a wooden hut. Light poured in from the door, brighter than the forest floor I’d remembered falling asleep upon. Everything after was a blur. I could only assume I had used much more energy than I should have in trying to save a dying child, a friend.
“Where are we? Did you build this? How long have I been asleep?” I demanded my answers with the same authority my mother had once used on top deck. It sounded weaker now and Ohre’s eyes crinkled with amusement.
“A few days and nights is all, but most of you royals have slept like this since we arrived. You haven’t missed much.” His smile split his face nearly in two. The expression came easily to him yet seemed so new. I wanted him to smile more often.
“I’ve been sleeping that long?” Raking my eyes over his clean and oddly well-groomed appearance, I grew suspicious. I remembered flickers of my crew, the other survivors, but those images too were blurred to me now. “You haven’t been with me this whole time have you?”
Something shifted in his gaze, his smile tensing somewhere between acceptance and a frown. “Not exactly. We searched for the missing and then had to fetch the others back at camp.”
“How is Gem?” I whispered and nearly choked just thinking about those we had lost. Tamn’s first and lass kiss burned on my conscience.
“He spends most of his time with his sister, the dark-headed one you call Qori.” 
With a flash of sudden clarity, I remembered Gem speaking over this same bed, bidding me farewell. And at once, I knew how close to death I had been. If I looked close enough, I could see the truth written in Ohre’s careworn features.
Again I thought of Tamn and misplaced farewells. How could I not have seen his feelings for me sooner? How much time had been wasted? I was young, but old enough to bond, if that was what we both wanted. Our families would have rejoiced.
Yet looking into the face of the miner who had fascinated me so, I felt conflicted all over again. Things were different now, complicated and yet less so. Ohre could never have become so close to me were we still on Datura 3, yet I couldn’t say whether I could choose him now if I wanted to. I hadn’t even begun to grieve for my best friend just yet. Only after he was gone could I admit I had loved Tamn with a different, tempered passion than what I felt for Ohre.
Realizing the miner was watching me with sad eyes, I wondered why he didn’t feel triumph. He could claim me now if I agreed to his suit and eventually I might accept. Ohre’s love was as wild, and raw as his roughly hewn people. Once I had thought them barbarians, and us the elite. Now I knew they were the true hunans. We were faulty because we pushed our feelings into some deep repressed part of our souls. The miners relished in their ability to feel. I wanted that.
Again, I remembered his words as he thought I slept, as he called me back to him and to the living. I saw what he wouldn’t tell me in his eyes. Timidly, I reached for his hand and said, “How long before you go?”
“Soon as you’re well enough to get on, we’re leaving. We can’t stay here in the trees, Navigator. It’s unnatural for a miner. We’re going back to the cave, back to the ship to salvage what’s left. See if we can make a new start…” His eyes were already lost among the heavens, I realized, where his kind had finally discovered a kind of freedom.
“Wait, trees? What do you mean?”
His mouth slashed into a tilted smirk. “You’ll see soon enough.”
“Just tell me where we are, Ohre, before I shove my scythe up your gears!”
His chuckle brightened the room, evaporating the muted tension between us. When his eyes softened and fingertips pressed against mine I could feel the peace and joy and deeper hidden emotions that he had kept buried under years of hard labor in the black bowels of a ship. Only recently had I learned the things he kept nearest to his heart, these feelings were for me. “The place is called Nukvar Valley.”
“Nukvar?” I tested the alien name on my tongue. “You come up with that all on your own?”
Shaking his head, his eyes gleamed with secrets I was yet to discover. “No. You’ll have to ask them how they got the leaking name,” he teased.
“Them?” I asked, vaguely remembering small furred people with strange alien eyes, and Hanea asking for a healer while Arvex refused to let them near. If this was my brother’s attitude toward our saviors, it was a miracle we were still breathing. With this in mind, I made my decision. Arvex needed me. Whether we led an entire world or a small band of younglings, I was his other half. I couldn’t take that away from him, like Menai was taken from Gem.
In the same moment, looking into the miner’s open expression, I knew he was my destiny. On Datura, we could have never been more than strangers. But now, here, we were bound together. I woke up grieving for everything I had lost. Now I had hope.
“Tell me everything,” I said, placing a hand on his arm. He stared at the place our skins touched, lost until I pressed more firmly and asked him again. I wondered why, instead of sharing in my hope, he looked back at me with sad eyes.
“We thought we were done for. The rest of Pioneer held off the Var, but they were gaining on us. You were…lost to us,” he said with some difficulty and looked away as he continued. “And the little ones were not far behind. Adi and me thought we were gonna have to fight them off alone. Until the Nuki came.
They appeared like ghosts, throwing spears and other crude weapons from the trees. I think we hadn’t really even looked up until that moment. We ran straight under their village and they chased the Var off. The others climbed down ropes and ladders to snatch us. They brought us to this corner of the village and we’ve been here since.”
“I want to see it,” I told him, determined to get out of this bed even if it killed me. Some of my miner came back into his face, then. He smirked and eyed me.
“Sure that’s a wise maneuver, Navigator?”
I rolled my eyes and refused his aid to climb off the bed. Gingerly, still in some pain, I stepped out of the hut so I could see for myself. I had never seen a village built in the trees, could never have imagined the network of bridges and ropes and hopes carved into the trees themselves.
Ohre showed me that my people’s new home was connected to the main village, but set apart too. This area had been abandoned ever since the families who had lived here previously had been killed by those who dwell below. My brother and extended family were faced now with a life far different from the one we left behind.
“All of this for us? We can stay?” I stared at the huts teeming with the curious faces of the diminutive Nuki people.
Ohre nodded. “These are just temporary. Something been brewing further up the west end, so I’ve heard. Arvex says that’s where you’ll stay soon. The little ones have adjusted well.”
“I expected as much.” I paused, noticing the way his lips kept tugging into an infuriating grin as he glanced at me from the corner of his eye. “Don’t look at me like that.”
“Like what?” he asked, feigning shock. I knew better.
“No doubt you and the other miner find it hilarious we’ve adapted so well in the trees.”
“Your people have always set your sights high,” he teased. I watched as he caught a stray flower hanging from its vine off a nearby branch and tucked it into my hair. His smile was sad. “Qeya, there’s something else you should know.”
Frowning at the flowers and ignoring the flutter his touch made me feel in my chest, I said, “What?”
“Miner!” Arvex’s voice boomed over the bridge and I moved in front of Ohre to better see him. Arvex’s eyes were murderous as he stalked up to the miner, Hanea fast on his trail. “What were you thinking, letting her out here!” His eyes blazed and Hanea pleaded with him.
“Arvex, love, please…”
Ignoring her, he did his best to reach around me to Ohre, but the miner easily caught Arvex’s fist in his larger hand. A tense moment passed between the two, the Royal and the miner glaring at one another with different shades of fury. But Arvex made the mistake of glancing at me. Our connection flared to life again when I reached out to cover their fists with my hand.
“At ease, your highness,” I teased my golden boy.
Arvex sputtered. “But you’re… How did you heal when we thought…” He looked back and forth between me and the miner, then shook his head. Unclenching his fist, he turned to face me and laughed. “You cold-gilled wirm!” Then I was caught up in his arms and facing Hanea over his shoulder.
She smiled shyly up at me and her resemblance to Tamn was so strong, a cold chill settled like a scythe to my gut.
Arvex was speaking over me, meanwhile, in his usual over-excited manner. I wanted to shut him up and remind him I was not Hanea. I was his sister and therefore had every right to tell him when he sounded like an arrogant know-it-all. But according to Arvex—and if his open concern was anything to go by, Ohre—I had almost died.
Ohre stepped back from us, that unnamed sadness back in his eyes. I couldn’t understand why he would look so defeated when he must have already felt I had chosen him. I would not give up, simply because my brother was meant to be king. Did any of it matter, now that we were lost to this backwater world for good? 
I grimaced when Arvex shifted me in his arms so I was trapped against the wood railing and Hanea on the other side. The children’s voices could be heard long before their pounding footsteps signaled their coming.
“Qeya!” I could hear Jymee’s small voice screeching over the din of foreign voices. I had avoided looking at the Nuki people so far. Too much had happened too quickly and I was having trouble taking it all in. Not that I would admit that to anyone but myself.
Kahne called after Jymee, “Wait! Jymee!”
Bruv grunted, “If he gets caught in those vines again, Kahne!”
“Oh shut your trap, Bruv!” Kahne called back and I couldn’t help but laugh at their faces when they came barreling into me, even the stoic Bruv. My best scythe students held me in a way that would have never been acceptable on Datura 3. Physical affection was avoided among the young. Better to keep focused on the task, on the next lesson, the adults had always told us.
And as I squeezed the children back, I realized the miners had been right about this much. Feelings weren’t something to tuck away and burry deep inside. Once, my people had known this. Somewhere down our line, we Royals forgot. And though I had always suspected that the miners were not lesser than we were—despite having been taught otherwise—now I wasn’t afraid to admit it.
I saw no sign of Gem and his sister Qori, or Hanea’s other brother, Min. When I asked, Hanea laughed and said, “Oh they have made friends with the Nuki. They’re always up in the village, talking with the council. Min says their language is fascinating, but I find it sounds utterly disgusting.” She scrunched her nose in a way that looked so like the Hanea I used to know, before the crash.
In a way I was glad I didn’t have to face Gem just yet. I didn’t know if I could stand to face the look in his eyes, after losing Menai.
They spoke over one another, until I was having trouble focusing and even breathing became a challenge. I met Ohre’s eyes over the children’s heads and we shared a knowing smirk. He had known I was not ready for this. But like everything else, I had found we are hardly ever truly ready for the challenges the heavens throw our way.
“Come, Navigator. You should conserve your waters.” Ohre led me back into the hut where I could sit and still listen to my brother and the others as they filed in behind us.
“We went back to find the others after the Nuki found us,” Arvex was saying. “He almost didn’t make it. Hid in the underbrush in mud so they couldn’t find him.”
What is he saying? I wondered. My heart began to pound with his words as hope and fear welled up in me. “Who hid?” I asked and Arvex glanced to Hanea. They looked worriedly back and forth at one another.
“He didn’t tell you?” Arvex’s eyes hardened and he turned back to glare at the miner once more. 
“I was ab—” began Ohre.
“Shush, no need, miner. Arvex, love, be calm.” Hanea put up a hand, which managed to quiet both men simultaneously.
I smiled absently to see Hanea’s once vibrant personality returned. Maybe she wouldn’t be a simple figurehead beside my brother after all. Instead of acting as both Queen and Orona, maybe I could focus on teaching and healing, as I was meant to all along. I had a renewed flicker of hope that the three of us might prevail at leading our people after all.
Lifting my gaze past him to the open door of the hut and the walkway beyond, I froze and all sound faded to a dull blur. It was as though everything had been submerged and I was hearing and seeing from under the waters. Words, at least the kind that were spoken on land, had no meaning there. Only sight, shared thoughts and feeling.
A figure was approaching us, from the same direction as the children had come running. His steps were labored and the light blazing through the canopy washed his form in a golden light. His features were so light it made him seem to glow from within. I wondered if I were still dreaming after all, about to wake up in that strange vine and leaf-made bed.
The tall hunan limping quickly from the opposite end of the platform had to use a wooden stick to support his wrapped legs.
My lips formed his name long before I began to rise again and move toward him. 
“Qeya?” I heard his voice, weaker than I had ever heard it before. It was that weakness that made the waters flush out from my ears so I could hear again.
“Tamn!” I choked out his name and my legs carried me past my family, past Ohre and the small, furred, alien beings watching on. All thoughts of the miner and the other life he represented were washed away with those waters. Tamn was my first love, my truest friend. So of course, the moment he confessed his love for me I knew I loved him just as fiercely back. Without a second thought I ran as quickly as my tired legs could carry me and crushed myself into his solid frame.
“Qeya!” he cried against my neck and in spite of his injuries lifted me until my feet were off the ground and around his waist.
I laughed and held his face between my palms. There was something about being alive when we had been so close to death, to seeing another face I had thought only to see again in my memories and dreams. “How did you make it out of that death trap?”
“By the edge of my gills,” he whispered, hoarsely, reminding me he was not completely healed just yet. But there was strength in his silver eyes that I needed. I sank into him when he kissed me and added, “I had a much better reason to live than the others.”
Feeling Tamn’s arms around me, resurrected things I had hoped for ever since our first days in this valley. Most of our time had been spent struggling to survive the day to devote to our studies. But now that we had a promise, even a sliver of peace, I could hear their voices in my head again, the ones who came before me. I could hear them telling me to carry on our lessons. Only this time, we weren’t prepping to rule a planet. We were preserving a culture and maybe we could take the lessons we had been taught and share them with the Nuki. Maybe we could, if not have a palace, create something lasting that would carry on with our children one day.
The others interrupted us soon after, though Tamn never let me leave his side. When I remembered to look for Ohre, a sick and twisted guilt hooked my gut. The look on his face when I awoke, the sorrow in his eyes even as he laughed with me in the treetop hut were all I had left of the miner I also loved. Because when I looked past my family and friends, he was gone.

The forest floor was a dark and dangerous place, the Nuki people later told us. They learned long ago to keep away from the war-loving Var. And because they too watched us fall from the heavens, they offered us a place to keep away from our shared enemy. It seemed to them as if we had been sent for a purpose not even they admitted to us. In turn we would help to protect them.
Ohre and the other young miner Adi chose not to stay with us, but returned soon after to the cave we found. Neither one felt at ease so high off the ground, and the caves reminded them a bit of home world. I didn’t know it then, but Ohre knew the best choice for me. Because he loved me as only a miner can love, he let me go. I only hoped I could do the same thing for him in return one day.
Arvex and I both became leaders before our time, accomplishing things beyond anything our parents had dreamed for us. Scars are impossible to rub away and only fade with time. We all carried scars of home world, of Datura 3 and what happened after, with us every day. But between the things we had carried with us and the memories in our hearts, we learned how to keep the past alive while turning the tide to a new and different future.
What happened after, as we struggled to graft into this new home world, the choices I faced, and whether or not I would choose the forbidden cast of green over silver, are another story to tell. Only know that for now we all found our happiness. We felt and laughed and lived how we wanted to live. And in the end, each of us found a way to live a different kind of dreaming.


###





To be continued in,
Ohre: A Heaven’s Edge Novella

I
Rebuilding


The first time I saw her was the moment my life began. Living in the eternal darkness of the lower decks I had heard rumors about the royal family. We all knew it was their fault we were stuck on Datura 3 forever sailing the stars without a port of call. Sure, there was plenty to mine and every pirate ship we came across paid us thousands for our goods. For some below it was the dream life, far better than scrapping it in the deep cave wastes on home world. But I hadn’t spent all my days on a miner ship. I still remembered the smell of salty sea air and the glow of the undersea palaces at night.
As a boy I slipped out of the slums, past the guard and into that sea to catch a glimpse of it. Something the royals didn’t know or had chosen to forget was we came from the sea too. The underwater caverns opened up inside the abandoned palaces. I spent a hundred nights or less exploring these forbidden places. Countless times I nearly lost my life, but the sea meant true freedom for me.
Somewhere down the ages we forgot that, we abandoned our first homes. Few lived below the waves now, save the wild ones we didn’t speak of—old clans that it was said had never surfaced. When I was a boy I wanted to join them, but Old Brien said that was just crazy water-logging talk. Ever since the wars in which my kind lost, we stuck to what we did best: mining the core. “And that’s all you’ll ever be good for, boy,” Brien would say. “Just remember that next time you go risking your neck below.”
When I had more fool than sense I used to argue back, “But we were great once, weren’t we, Brien? We could be great again!” I meant it too. When the palaces grew wearisome I slipped a bit deeper than even licensed divers were allowed. The Royals could never go as deep as us, had forgotten how to breathe when the water pressed you so hard your mind saw new colors. That was when I learned the hidden truth not even Old Brien wanted to remember. My people had come first. 

“Are you just going to stare at the blowing sea all day or pick up a blasting shovel and help me?” Adi’s harsh voice cut me from my reverie, and brought me back to the present.
Like all miners, Adi was hairless save a thick fringe of eyelashes only the females had. Though she was smaller than me she was swarthier than a Royal and by our standards beautiful. Her tattoos were similar to mine, of the same jagged lines beginning over her scalp and covering her face and neck, but they were lined with blue chole dust. Chole was very rare and in our journey we had only gathered a single vial of the precious mineral. Adi had chosen to mark herself with it because she was the miner who discovered it. 
Adi wasn’t like me. She had been born and raised in the heavens above, on this very ship we were salvaging, in fact. Even though she was chosen to join the Pioneer crew as their chief tactician in dealing with hostile worlds, her heart remained on Datura 3. A part of her had died the day it was blown to bits. As terrifying an experience as it had been for those of us on board, Adi had watched from the surface of Nukvar. Half of her blood family had been on that ship.
So while I had agreed it better to return to the caves where we could at least be close to the sea, Adi was the one pushing me to rebuild. “We is just as smart as Old Brien or any of them ever was, Ohre!” she had claimed to me the other day. While I doubted we could manage to haul the abandoned shuttle from its watery grave, she was brimbling with confidence. Some on board Datura 3 had considered her a nuisance, a child playing at adult games. Her beliefs bordered on arrogance easily. But I cared little.
Gritting my teeth, I fought the urge to hurl up the fish we had caught and cooked for breakfast. The stench from the pile of mangled bodies waiting behind me was overwhelming to our overdeveloped sense of smell.
For the better part of the day Adi and I split our work in half. She dug the trench needed to bury our dead from the Datura 3, and I brought the bodies out of the deck onto the white sand. This is how we learned no living creatures lived in the sand bar lining the mountains and sea. Nothing had entered the wreckage through the hole I blasted free after the crash, leaving the bodies stinking but intact.
Some miners would have gladly taken my job, spat on the grave and said good riddance to the Royal scabs. Others would have set the whole ruined deck on fire and never flinched from what they considered duty. My opinion lay somewhere between that thin line of hate and honor toward those who had shaped my life.
But most of the bodies were nearly a third of my size. Here they didn’t decay as quickly as we had expected. Expressions of terror and pain were frozen on their faces, gills on the sides of their necks blackened with death, open in desperation to breathe the water in. Even in the end, our bodies tried to return to our first home, the sea. For a moment I wondered if we should throw them into the alien ocean. An old legend said when we were returned to the sea we became the water and began a new and better life. If I knew the bodies would keep I would. If I could guarantee the cold gilled devils that hunted us wouldn’t come back looking I might have done it anyway. 
But if we had any hope of salvaging the technology from second deck, we had no other choice. At least we could handle the work without the burden of burying our families. Qeya would have pretended to stomach it, while secretly dying on the inside. That was her way, burying her woes until I had to come and pick her spirits back up again.
With blood-streaked hands I picked up another child and dumped them into Adi’s deep trench. All of my kind had hated the Royals, save those pampered few who worked for them in the palaces. Now that we were so far removed from home world things had changed. Even Adi’s sharply featured, lovely face contorted in sorrow as she continued to dig. I watched as she wiped the sweat off her gray skin.
Soon as we finished here and scrapped the parts we needed from deck two we would search for the Pioneer. I was curious to see what this new sea held to offer. Qeya had been reluctant to leave the valley, even though she promised to come and help us. “They all count on me, Ohre,” she had said. True as this might be, I would be lying if I told you I wasn’t helping Adi to keep my mind off of things, off her, the Royal I had stupidly fallen in love with.



Dedication

This novella wouldn’t have been possible without the hard work of my editor, Jessica Augustsson (http://jessedits.com) who is a true literary genius. My cover designer, Naj, thank you for your quick fixes that made the cover look professional. Also, thanks to Krystin and my parents for helping to give me the backbone to fine-tune this. And last but not least, thank you Grandpa for sharing your love of writing and the written word in the first place.




Connect with Jennifer Silverwood

I started writing from an early age, pounding on the antique typewriter my grandpa gave me. From there I started writing a series of short stories about a group of kids who crash land on an alien planet. As you might have guessed, the Heaven’s Edge series stemmed from those childhood ideas. 
Please feel free to contact me through the links listed below to find information on upcoming books. I love hearing from readers and other authors. Being new to the game myself, I’m always happy to help others follow their dreams. 

Twitter: https://twitter.com/JennSilverwood
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/silverwoodj
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/silverwoodj
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5827602.Jennifer_Silverwood
Website: http://jennifersilverwood.com/
