The Book of Korum
Adam Knight
Knightfall Productions Inc 2013
Smashwords Edition

Prologue : Power Builds
The mists swirl.
A being hangs within, eternally screaming in anguish. A dark being with no shape or form. 
Everything...
Yet, a single being.
All within sight, and yet … unattainable.
It screams.
My power … equal to none …
Plots. 
Conjures.
Creates.
The being forms into the shape of man. Yet vague and unspecific. Ever-changing. 
Much like the mists of his prison. 
For a prison it is. 
Time … It's only a matter of time.
A coalescing of mist swirls around what would pass for the being's hand. It writhes and forms. 
Hardening, assuming detail.
A staff. 
Made of metal. Jeweled at the top. Black.
The being clenches the staff with both unspecific hands, it as if it were all that was sustaining him. He is too ensorcelled. His power though great is yet restrained. 
The staff’s jeweled crown begins to glow.
Red.
Maroon.
Crimson.
The glow pulsates inwards towards the staff, seeping down along it’s haft is rivulets. 
... More ….
The being becomes more distinct. Details where before all was hinted at. In the blood red glow of the staff, the mists fade slightly. Evidence of a leanly muscular, powerful body takes shape. 
The eternal scream changes pitch and focus.
Triumph.
If there had been a ground in the infinite, colorless void the being would have sunk to both knees. 
Tired …
The eyes remain closed. The expression on the hideously beautiful face is similar to that of a starving man having his first meal. 
The eyes snap open, flaring crimson as the staff.
… More …
Mist coalesces around the being. Armor. Black, impregnable, full plate armor. A long and flowing cape descends down the figure's back. Crimson red hair grows until it hangs around the shoulders. 
He smiles.
Thin lips stretched across the charcoal tone of his flesh. White teeth stark in contrast.
He hefts the staff and gazes around.
Almost time.
With the staff he can execute his escape. Reclaim his glory
It must be eradicated.
Frustration fueled by terror almost send him back into fits of despair for a moment.
Then, he feels the surge of power from the staff. 
He revels in it.
Drowns in it.
Envelops it.
Lets it become him.
He laughs.
Harsh. Deadly. In the soundless void.
Closing his eyes and holding the staff before himself reverently, the power pulses outwards in waves. Exploring the distance in the endless mists and beginning to reach beyond. 
Chapter 1 - Leaves in the Wind

Dawn. 

A chill autumn wind swirled through the mortared, stone walls of the keep. Rustling tapestries, causing torchlights to flicker, tousling hair and the like. The dry rustle of fallen high-oak leaves against the stone of the courtyard below could be faintly heard over the soft twitter of the few remaining birds, most having taken flight for warmer climates. Their presence a loss until their return in the spring. Soft golden rays from the Great Sun, spill into the cold, gray room and illuminate the slumbering woman's face.

She was young. Ivory skinned, with shoulder length, wavy blonde hair. Slender built but not fragile or petite, and tall for a woman. Abruptly, she yawned. A long, peaceful, well-rested type of yawn. Like a cat she arched her back beneath the silken soft, fur covered sheets and stretched. Her liquid amber eyes fluttered open and scanned the familiar interior of her chambers as she sat up, holding the sheets against her bodice, attempting to keep the last remnants of warmth from escaping. Then she sighed and rose from her bed. Her brief, silken gown flowing as she gracefully strode across the carpeted floor.

Off in the distance the deep toned ministry bell sounded, giving official call to the start of the day. She took a deep breath and savored the taste of the crisp ( but admittedly brisk ) morning air. She shivered slightly at the sensation and reached into her elaborate wardrobe. After a moment's thought, she selected a plain and in no way glamorous, brown coat and breeches. Swiftly she shed her gown and slid into the decidedly warmer garments. Securing a belt over the hip-length jacket she ran her fingers through her thick hair in a very basic attempt at presentability. Then, giving up on that, she walked over to her washbasin and cracked the thin sheet of ice covering it. She inhaled sharply at the bitingly chill water. Reaching to one side, she picked up the towel from atop her counter and swiftly dried herself off. She sighed again. Refreshed and ready to face another day.

Facing her open window, and consequently the Great Sun, she gently lowered herself to her knees and offered up a silent prayer to whichever of the Gods Above were listening. That done, she rocked back on her heels and, as she had done every morning since discovering her peculiar ability, stretched out and let her mind wander free.

As if through a bird's eye, she saw William, the baker, as he lovingly extracted his latest batch of pastries from the stone oven. He inhaled their oh so sweet aroma and smiled. Setting down his luscious delights he picked up the front of his apron and casually wiped off his flour covered hands before adjusting the wide belt holding his breeches up over his impressive girth. Then, when he believed that no one was looking, he slipped a cookie from one of his many jars and quickly consumed it, fearful that someone might catch him cheating on his wife-imposed diet.

The scenario blurred momentarily until she saw Aeros, Captain of her father's personal guard, as he strode powerfully out onto the courtyard. His face was freshly shaved and his armor polished to a glossy perfection. With a pride that he would never show, yet one that he felt all the same, he began hollering out orders to the men under his command. A widower, Aeros happily considered those under his command the children he would never have. 

Another blurring shift she saw her father, the Lord of the Keep, Baron of the Vineyard Grove and supreme winemaker throughout all the Lands, down in his vineyard. He was overseeing the cleaning and polishing a stomping drum. A smile was on his face and a tune whistled softly between his teeth as he worked. He spoke quietly to the servant girls who were busy stomping away on the ripe grapes in other vats and, in his polite way, criticized their technique and offered to demonstrate the correct method. He was an elderly man with some vigor of his youth still remaining to him. Noting the now familiar presence of his daughter's mind on his, he smiled again and offered a silent greeting to her. She happily returned with one of her own and moved on.

The minds that she visited blurred by as she touched as many as she could without over exerting herself and taxing her still new, confusing abilities. She softly shook her head and refocused back onto herself. Rising from the floor and absentmindedly smoothing out the wrinkles that only she could see in her clothing, she took one last look around her room. Then, assuring herself that she had all that she needed for the moment, she headed down towards the kitchen for some breakfast.

Out in the hallway she found more activity and people as they bustled from one job to another in their own particular hurry. Of course they were all exceedingly courteous as they flew past. "Good morning to you, Lady Tasha," one asked. "How did you sleep, Lady Tasha?" from another. "I'm sorry Lady Tasha, but I really can't talk right now.” 

And so on down the line. 

Tasha sighed. Being the daughter of a Baron had its own peculiar advantages and disadvantages, as all things do to one degree or another. Of course, there's the recognition and notoriety. Everyone knowing who you are and what you're doing. Everything you want, you can have within some level of reason. 

And of course there's the vast number of handsome young men traveling from all reaches of the lands to meet with you for one reason or another. 

In Tasha's opinion, those were exactly what made up all of her disadvantages. The popularity is nice for a time, but it could get so tedious. Just once Tasha would like to be able to go somewhere where someone either didn't know who she was, didn't care, or just treated her like a person instead of some sort of fragile object that might break at the slightest touch. 

Tasha was anything but fragile. The youngest child of four boys made life interesting for her. As well as challenging on occasion. As is the case with most young boys, her brothers were heavily into wrestling, learning swordplay and dreaming about being gallant warriors. Consequently, if Tasha had wanted to be accepted by them at all, she had little choice but to join them in their games. 

Needless to say after years of roughhousing with bigger boys, she quickly lost interest in things like dolls, or clothes or the typical "princess things". Her father was initially very supportive of this whole idea, much to the dismay of her now deceased mother. But as the boys grew older and stronger, he slowly became less eager to see his only daughter leaping into a fray with them. Especially as how Tasha was seven years junior to her closest brother.

However the Baron didn’t become terribly worried until Tasha got older and began to notice other things about boys in specific. Like most girls, she changed. A little bit. Basically, she accepted the fact that they were there and actually enjoyed their company now and then. But since most of the boys she met ( most notably the 'young' noblemen from other towns and such), all seemed to be looking for the same thing. Someone to hang on their arm, laugh when they were supposed to, look pretty in public and eventually produce an heir. 

Long story short? Tasha wasn’t interested.

Not at all.

The notion of marriage ( especially to someone that she barely knew ) particularly to someone more interested in the title he bore and the and inheritances he would receive than her was appalling. 

She entered the broad tabled dining room and sat easily into her familiar seat, to the immediate right of the table's head. The serving girl and Tasha's friend, Olarra, came out from the back and smiled in greeting. "Good morning, Lady Tasha. How was your sleep?"

"Well, thank you." she said in her firm, alto voice. "And yourself?"

Olarra huffed, picking at a loose thread on the sleeve of her worn dress. "Oh, same as always. But who sleeps? I'm usually up before the birds to get things ready for the day."

Tasha sighed sympathetically. "I see. Is the rest of the staff …" 

A loud crash accompanied by a man bellowing out Olarra's name pierced the morning calm. A hand flew to her mouth and eyes widened in alarm. "Oh, damn! I left the potatoes to boil." She started to sprint back to the kitchen, but spun back and remembered her manners at the last moment. Turning back with a hasty curtsy and a mumbled “Milady” before stumbling back into the kitchen.

Tasha sighed again. She felt bad for Olarra and wished for something she could do to help her friend. But as her father had pointed out on more than one occasion, she could hardly take one person out of the kitchen only to throw someone else right there in their place. ”Everyone needs to work, my dear. Even baron’s and their daughters.”

As she neared the end of her breakfast there was a sudden chorus of deep, brash laughter from out in the courtyard. Curious, she rose from her chair and headed towards the disturbance. As she neared the entrance to the main hallway, an immense shadow stepped out from the darkness and very nearly bowled her over. Then, seeing that Tasha was in his way, he pulled up short and snapped to military attention.

He was a large man to say the least. Well over six feet tall and nearing three hundred pounds in weight, most of it heavy and hard earned muscle. With rough scraggly brown hair, dark weathered skin and a generally disheveled overall appearance despite his military dress gear should have made this man imposing to most people.

That is, he would be if he wasn't soaked from head to toe with a deep flush of embarrassment spread across his face.

Still standing at attention the man averted his gaze away from Tasha's curious amber eyes. "Good morning to you, Lady Tasha," he mumbled in his surprisingly soft and nervous voice. 
 
"Oh, Hal" she exhaled, reaching out a hand to straighten his soaked shirt. "What happened?

He continued to avoid her gaze by scrutinizing the little nuances of the pave stones below, trying to ignore her hands on his sodden shirt. 

Tasha prodded. "Hal. What happened?"

His face darkened a deeper shade of red and still refused to meet her gaze. "Nothing happened, milady” he mumbled in a barely perceptible whisper. “Just an accident is all."

Tasha's penetrating stare bored into the big man's forehead. He stood there stoically and refused to say anything more or lift his gaze. "Hal, I find it unlikely that you would take it into your head to go swimming with your military dress uniform on."

No response.

Silence stretched uncomfortably. 

Tasha stepped toe to toe with her large friend, her raised chin barely reaching his shoulders. "I've seen you out on the practice field, Hal. You've got remarkable balance when you put your mind to it. I've seen you sprint through Lord Aeros' obstacle course and take on two men at once on the practice field. So I find it unlikely you managed to lose your balance in such a spectacular fashion." Tasha poked one finger into his beefy, soaked chest. "So. Are you going to tell me what happened yourself, or will I end up overhearing about this tale from one of the other guards?”

A harsh voice cackled merrily behind her. Turning, Tasha saw a small, thin figure draped from head to toe in dark robes sitting at the breakfast table and laughing. Several bulging pouches lined his belt while his small backpack containing an assortment of books sat at his feet.

Tasha quirked an eyebrow at him. "Something funny, Garn?"

The figure drew back his hood to reveal the thin face of the young mage, Garnthalisbain. He smoothed back his long, dark hair with one hand before speaking. "You and the oaf, are what's funny, Tasha." His voice was thin and reedy, yet still strong. Garn gestured towards Hal. "Once a week our over muscled friend walks into this hall with some sort of visibly obvious problem that he does not wish to speak of. And still, without fail, you try to pry it out of him." He smiled, almost cruelly. "Why do you think I'm laughing?"

Hal's gaze came up slightly, eyes flicking up to the smirking mage briefly. He muttered something inaudible before bowing his head respectfully to Tasha and left the room. Tasha watched him go with a frustrated shake of her head before taking the seat next to Garn. 

"That was mean, Garn. And well beneath you." She chastised gently, and took a sip from her water glass. "You know how low Hal's opinion of himself is. He doesn't need any of your negative encouragement."

The young mage laughed. "Oh please, Tasha." He began in his unconsciously patronizing way. "You know what Hal's like as well as I do. He wouldn't be able to find his way out of the water closet if there was more than one entrance. He's a good and gentle man, but makes his own problems." Olarra returned quietly with a flagon of wine which Garn took with murmured thanks. He took a draught and smacked his lips softly. "I can't be held accountable for stating the truth, can I?"

"Hal isn't dumb," she insisted for what seemed like the thousandth time that week. "You've seen him with battle tactics and weaponry. You know how good he is with that sort of thing. Having brains isn’t his problem."

Garn waved his hand in disgust. "Any moron can learn how to swing a sword and tell other morons where to swing theirs. It takes a true intellect to learn the finer things in life." He raised one hand, palm out to his friend. He narrowed his eyes minutely. A tiny, bright white trickle of energy danced from the tip of one finger to the next like lightning. Garn then snapped his hand into a fist, returning the energies back to the supposed nothingness from which they were drawn. The mage leaned back in his chair. His thin, self-important smile stretching across his face. "Like I have," he concluded. 

Tasha was unimpressed. She had seen her friend practice that little trick for years. "So what is Hal’s problem then O Enlightened One?”

“Who cares? Where is that woman with my breakfast, dammit?”

"You're not exactly helping him, you know. You treat him the way everyone else does. Like he's an imbecile, an oaf. But he's not. And you know better."

"Hey, it sounds like a personal problem to me." Garn glanced hungrily at the kitchen. "What does one have to do to get any breakfast around here?" he growled loudly.

She looked at him strangely. "You rarely finish half of whatever it is they give you. What’s your hurry?"

"I have to eat something, Tasha. And I hate waiting."

Olarra bustled out of the kitchen with a steaming plate of eggs held in her hands. She winced in pain the whole way and all but dropped the plate in front of Garn. She briskly shook out her hurt fingers and subtly tried to brush away the tears in her eyes with her apron.

Garn looked at her, a strange glint in his normally sarcastic eyes. "Olarra, are you hurt?" he asked blandly.

She quickly hid her hands behind her back and started to move away. "N - No, Lord Wizard. Not at all."

Garnthalisbain sighed. "Come here," he commanded. Reluctantly Olarra did so. At his impatient prompting she meekly let him see her fingers. They were very red and a few of them had already begun to blister up. "Well, that was exceedingly stupid," he vented softly as he started to rummage around in one of his pouches. "What were you thinking? If the plate was too hot for you to carry, you should have waited until it had cooled down."

"I had intended to, Lord Garnthalisbain. But, I heard you mention how long it was taking for me to bring you your breakfast so I..." she trailed off as she saw the expression on his face turn dangerous.

The young mage finally pulled a small vial from out of one of his many pouches and began to spread some of its contents over the burned flesh. "Next time," he began, his voice almost too quiet to hear. "You will wait until it is safe to bring me my food without hurting yourself. There is no need to fear that I will destroy you in fiery balls of death that rain down from the sky because you were a bit tardy in bringing me my omelet." He then wrapped her fingers softly in a clean cloth from yet another pouch. "Now go back into the kitchen and tell Chef William that I am personally giving you the permission to take the rest of the day off. Go get some rest," he insisted as an afterthought. "You look tired."

During the whole procedure, Olarra's face dissolved from an expression of fear and nervousness to one of soft disbelief. Tasha watched the whole exchange and hid her smile behind a sip of water. 

Olarra scampered back to the kitchen, bandaged hand and all as Garn stared disgustedly at the food in front of him. Using both hands, he shoved the plate aside before rising from the table and draining his half full goblet of wine in one draught. " I'm not hungry anymore," he muttered and picked up his loaded with books backpack and started to shuffling away.

"I'm heading into the village today, Garn” Tasha called over her shoulder, watching his form fade into the shadowed hallways. “Do you need anything?"

He shook his head as an answer, without turning back or slowing. He left the room.

Tasha smiled, and stood up. Time to get on with her day.

Out in the courtyard she had a young groom prepare and saddle her mare for the ride into town. From a peg in the stables she removed her riding jacket and the small hunting knife that was the sole weapon her father allowed her to carry at all times. Patting reassuringly at the comforting weight the blade added on one hip, Tasha donned her jacket and led mare out of the stables.

On her way to the main gates the keep bustled lively. Smiths worked their bellows as hammer rang on steel, horseshoes and barrel rims the likely order for the day. Messengers trotted back and forth, carrying commands from one set of guards to another. 

And of course, every person she passed acknowledged her presence with at least a nod or a murmured “milady.” 

Anonymity was not for the baron’s daughter, no matter how plainly attired.

Reaching the gates, she found the guards on duty immersed in their own mirth. Chortling softly and pantomiming broadly to greater mirth. Seeing her walk up, the men stood to attention and nodded politely. 

“Anything on the road to Milton I need to be aware of?”

One of the guards shook his head in a negative. “All clear that we’ve been made aware, milady. No reports of raiders this day.”

“Will you be requiring an escort into town, milady?” The other guard asked. “We could easily provide a carriage for carrying goods and yourself.”

Tasha smiled as she climbed into the saddle on her mare. “Not today. I am not looking for anything more than a pleasant ride and some browsing. If necessary I can have goods delivered to the keep.”

With that settled, the guards separated slightly and permitted Tasha to prod her horse into a trot onto the well-traveled road. 

Golden brown leaves swirled in the air , dancing in intricate little patterns along the ground. The wind was gentle, soothing. Good for taking the troubles off one's mind or allowing one to relax. Focus. 

Tasha let her eyes stare at the furthest point in the road and accessed the corner of her brain to activate her abilities, stretching out and just let the feeling of all the people out in the world encompass her. 

She reveled in it. 

Sensing the animals in the underbrush and their frantic, single-mindedness as she passed by. The intensity of her mare, knowing the importance of her job and the determination to please her rider. The birds flitting from tree to tree, gathering and hunting for their young. 

Stretching out further to the confused hum of activity that could only be the townsfolk of Milton, too far away to pick out individual thoughts or emotions. But enough together to create a resonance.

And something else. Almost like a buzzing at the very periphery of her senses. She had noticed this sensation more recently but was yet unable to focus on it.

Strange.

She reached the village of Milton before the Great Sun had moved more than an hour across the sky. There was a bustle of activity as people prepared wares and livestock for the market day. Farmers on their ox-drawn carts hauling in preliminary stock from their fields, whilst travelling merchants set up exotic booths displaying wares ranging from quill pens to weaponry. 

In recent years, the Milton Marketplace had grown significantly. With the success and popularity of the wines produced out of her father’s keep more and more merchants were making the journey from more populace and well-to-do countryside’s in hopes of garnering better profits. 
The change had been good for the townspeople, and good for her father. Success in Milton garnered more taxes for the barony, which resulted in more repairs to roads, the ceremonial fountain in the center of town and greater protection for the population. Certainly, rivalry and the occasional thuggery took place. But knowing there was a guardsman within quick shouting distance had made Milton a much safer place for families and business alike.

And success in business meant that every week there was always something new for Tasha to see in town.

At the first stable she came to Tasha slid down from her mare and handed the reins to the regular boy, generously giving him a silver piece for his efforts. The boy smiled gap toothed and began to unbuckle the saddle for a proper brush down.

Tasha loved touring the Marketplace, stopping at every booth along the way and inquired as to what was being sold and for what price. It was rare when she actually bought something, and even when she did, it was usually something small. A trinket of some sort, nothing of any real value. A bracelet here, a scarf there, a tinder box to send to her brother in Southmoor. 

She walked on, stopping here and there along the way in a random fashion. Tasha sampled some of the edible delicacies that some booths offered while enjoying a small sense of anonymity. While some townspeople recognized her, none made a scene or much of a mention aside from a polite “milady” as was appropriate.

In the near distance, she could faintly hear the sound of a lute being played. Around the expansive fountain in the center of the village was a small group of minstrels dressed in bright, frilly clothes with long pointed hats and shoes to match. Each of them carried a different style of lute and played different chords, blending it all into a pleasant three-part harmony. 

One of the minstrels’ hats had been placed on the ground in front of them. Already it was half full with coins even though they had apparently just begun.

"This song," spoke one of the minstrels, stepping momentarily ahead of his associates. "Is known as, The Ballad of the Knights of Southmoor." Then, after strumming his lute once, he broke into song. His fellow musicians accompanied him during the chorus.

It was a long song, as all ballades are. But for Tasha, the words soon melded into the music, quickly becoming indecipherable from the rest of the song. Closing her eyes, Tasha envisioned rolling hills of lush green grass that seemed to stretch on forever and a day. She could picture tall, healthy trees and small woodland creatures flittering between them happily. In the distant background, she got the image of a castle under siege by an army of what appeared to be men and soldiers that just radiated pure evil. But then, on the horizon, were the Knights. Layered from head to toe in gleaming, silver armor they sat atop their strong, healthy chargers, merely waiting for the signal to attack. Their lances pointed straight up into the sky, pennons flapping in the breeze. Then, the signal came. As one, the Knights of Southmoor barreled down the hill and calmly, coolly obliterated the evil soldiers and sent them back from whence they came. That's where the song ended, leaving Tasha with a feeling of purity and triumph.

The audience broke into a loud, appreciative round of applause. The minstrels, being the true showmen that they were all bowed deeply, accepting the praise with grace and aplomb. Tasha shook her head and forced herself back to reality. 

As she turned to leave, Tasha deposited a handful of coins into the minstrel's cap, not caring how much she dropped. It must have been quite a bit though, for each minstrel blinked in surprise and bowed very deeply. Tasha inclined her head and made to leave the courtyard, passing into the throng of people.

A hand roughly grabbed her arm and hauled her aside. Tasha cried out angrily as she was all but dragged through the crowd. 

Twisting her head around, she caught a quick glimpse of a man holding a rusty knife up to her face. Tasha struggled fiercely for a moment or two and was hurled to the ground for her troubles. Coughing at the dust that suddenly filled the air, Tasha tried to rise to her feet but was painfully grabbed by the hair and forced up to her knees.

The grimy man who held her by the hair spoke with a heavy lisp that was apparently caused by the lack of teeth in his mouth. Tasha found herself nearly gagging at his personal stench and the distinct odour of very cheap ale. "Listen, lady," the man began, obviously fighting the lisp as best he could. "I know yer th' daughter of th' Lord in th' keep o'er yonder, 'an t'be perfectly honest that don't mean nothin' t'me an' th'boys. So I'll make this real simple." He leaned in close to her and pressed the knife up against her throat, leering suggestively the whole time. "If'n y'don't give us what me'n m'pals 'ere want, we'll b'forced t'send you back to yer father in pieces. What do y'say?" He chuckled then, wheezing softly in the back of his throat. His friends grinned right along with him.

Tasha stole a glance past her assailant. Taking in the sight of three other similarly, shabbily attired men with disreputable faces and expressions. Knives and were present amongst them all.

For a moment, Tasha panicked. Fear seizing her tighter than the grimy grip in her hair. Some small part of her screamed inside, imploring her to reach for her gifts and … well she wasn’t sure exactly what she could use those gifts for. But it seemed like there should be something.

And then another man stepped quietly into the alleyway behind her assailants and Tasha found herself smiling.

Then she looked back at the grossly drunken man who held her captive. He was still leering broadly, the back of his throat visible between the gaps in his teeth.

So the look on his face was priceless after Tasha to calmly spit in his eyes.

The man cried out and took a step back, releasing his grip on her hair. This gave Tasha the opportunity to knock his knife away and get back to her feet. As the decrepit blade flew away, the drunken man managed to wipe the spittle away and charge forward. Tasha hooked his arm with one of her own and dragged the man right over her shoulder. He landed flat on his back with an explosive whoosh of breath and a noisy thump. 

At that point the other assailants started to advance on Tasha. 

It was in that instant that Hal struck. 

Dropping the materials that he had been sent into town to procure for the guardsmen, Hal displayed a speed unheard of in a man his size. Hal lashed out open-handed at the man about to move in on Tasha from behind. The smack of flesh on flesh echoed repeatedly throughout the alley. The man's head rocked back, a huge welt spread across his face as he crumpled to the ground, unmoving.

Hal took two quick steps forward and whirled back to face the other assailants who were suddenly none too eager to enter into combat with the big man. Looks of fear began to spread across their splotchy faces. Seeing their obvious reluctance, Hal boldly strode forward and slapped aside their ancient weapons with the palms of his hands. Grabbing the nearest man by the front of his tunic, Hal mightily flung the thug several feet through the air to land painfully out of the alley and near the fountain. 

Seeing his opportunity, the other man desperately turned about and tried to flee. But Hal's long reach kept him from going very far. Catching up as they exited the alley, Hal spun the man around and smacked him solidly across the face. The man's knees started to wobble and his eyes rapidly lost their focus. Hal then placed one hand on the man's head while grabbing hold his belt with the other. Taking two steps forward, Hal bodily hurled the man through the air. The thug collided heavily with the fountain's centerpiece before landing wetly in the shallow pool. 

Tasha, so astonished by what she'd just seen, didn't register her initial opponent fleeing away through the alley's entrance. Belatedly, Tasha took off in pursuit. 

The man made it about two steps into the village market when Hal caught up with him. Effortlessly, Hal hauled the man up off of the ground until the two of them were eye to eye. The unfortunate thug's feet dangled a full foot off the ground.

Absently, Tasha realized that the crowd that had gathered to watch the minstrels perform was now almost nowhere to be seen. To a man, every person had deserted the area around the fountain and had gone about their business, leaving the thugs to theirs. Even the minstrels had packed up and vanished.

For a long moment Tasha would have sworn that Hal was going to say something. His mouth twitched in a way that said he wanted to deliver some sort of epitaph but couldn't find the words. Flicking a quick glance back at Tasha, Hal shook his head, mumbling something that she couldn't hear. Then, without warning, he drew back one meaty and powerful fist and let fly. 

His arm was almost a blur as it connected with a solid crunch that Tasha heard and openly winced at. Blood spurted darkly out of the man's mouth, along with his few remaining teeth. The body flopped haphazardly before slamming down next to his buddy at the fountain's base. 

Shaking out his hand for a brief moment, Hal walked over to the stone fountain and stepped up on it's narrow ledge. Bending over, he grasped a hold of the man he had casually hurled into the water and started to haul him out. Tasha came out of her stupor and stalked over to him. "Why did you do that?" she demanded half angrily. 

Hal looked at her quizzically, glancing at the unconscious men sprawled around the fountain. "Do what, milady?" he asked, obviously confused.

Tasha pointed at the now unconscious thug who had been threatening her. "Why did you take that last guy away from me? I had him under control!"

"But, milady. I didn't want you to get hurt... "

She waved that off with a frustrated sigh. "I don't want you to treat me like a piece glass, Hal ! I'm not going to break that easily. Besides, I can take care of myself." 

 Hal looked down at his lady, his blue-gray eyes very serious. It was a long moment before he spoke, but when he did he said, "My Lady, while I'm around, you don't need to take care of yourself. That's what I'm here for." 

Tasha blinked in surprise. That was the closest thing to a compliment that she'd ever heard Hal give himself.

It was at that very unfortunate moment that Hal, still crouched down on the narrow ledge of the fountain, tried to stand up, hauling the inert body of the unconscious man with him. However, the extra weight of the man and the slippery surface of the ledge, caused Hal to lose his precarious balance. 

His arms windmilled like mad. He swiveled back and forth and back again. Shifting and re-shifting his weight like a tightrope walker. Then finally, with a startled howl on his lips, he fell over backwards into the icy water of the fountain. Kicking up a great big splash as he did so.

Tasha just shook her head, a small, rueful smile spreading across her lips as his head broached the surface explosively, splashing water all over the place. "Oh, Hal," she muttered.
Chapter 2 - The Vision

Hal came to a decision.

He decided that work, in general, wouldn't be such bad a thing if people didn't have to get tired and sweaty as a result. If that was the case, Hal believed that people would be almost eager to work. That they'd learn to have some fun with it.

It's too bad that people get tired, Hal thought in silent corollary.

The sun was a pale disk on the horizon, slowly fleeing from the approaching night. Hal could feel the way the air continued to chill ever so slightly against his skin as the sky slowly darkened. Even the keep itself smelled different at the end of the day. William the baker had ceased his work for the evening, giving the air only a lingering reminder of the so sweet scents of day. Also, the stable boys had finished their cleaning of the horse's corrals, consequently adding to, rather than taking away from the clear scent of the evening. The courtyard itself was actually clear of people for the most part, save for the two guards on watch at the gate and Hal, who was still leaning on the haft of his axe before one of the many practice dummies.

The practice dummy was solid oak and vaguely shaped like a man with its carved out head, shoulders and torso. There were deep scores along it's frame where chunks of wood had been bashed out during dozens of previous exercises with dozens of previous trainees. At some point in time, some aesthetic minded person had actually gone to the trouble of varnishing the dummy, trying to make it look more presentable. But, after all the abuse that it had taken over the years, few people ever actually noticed that individual's efforts. 

Hal was one of them.

There was a bird, perched high atop the tallest tower of the keep, warbling a soft, melancholy tune. It's song gave Hal the distinct impression of heart-rending sorrow and loss. A peculiar melody to be certain, especially coming from a creature traditionally thought of as being joyous and carefree, flitting from one moment to the next like they were the branches of a tree. Most would have simply disregarded this odd occurrence as simply that, an odd occurrence. Just something strange that happened.

But not Hal.

He wondered what it was that could make a bird sad.

Perhaps one or more of its eggs had been stolen from its nest when she (assuming it was a female) was away. That would make most parents sad, Hal assumed. It had hurt him greatly to have been without his parents when he was younger, so he naturally assumed that the feeling of loss would work both ways. Also, there was the possibility that the bird's eggs had somehow been harmed. Perhaps her nest fell out of its tree for some reason? 

Another idea could be that it had lost its mate. Hal was pretty sure that he remembered hearing of some types of birds that mated for life, though he had absolutely no idea if this bird was one of them. But, assuming that this was one of those birds, that would certainly explain the sorrowful song. 

Hal could picture the scene in his mind. Both the bird and it's mate would have been soaring effortlessly through the air on those magnificently feathered wings of theirs, (briefly Hal wondered what it would be like to fly like the birds, but quickly shoved the idea aside for later consideration). They would be flying along, just as happy as can be when the mate would have been struck down. How, or why didn't really matter, but Hal pictured a hunter's arrow sluicing through the air, a slight hissing sound the only warning before it struck the defenseless bird. 

Hal ceased his rhythmic swinging of attack patterns and leaned against the dummy for a moment, lowering his battle-axe to the ground. He looked up at the bird and listened to its song, enthralled by the bittersweet sound. After a few more minutes of singing, the bird casually took flight and soared off into the coming darkness of night. Deep down Hal hoped that none of his guesses had been right and that the bird was just feeling sad as he sometimes did. Not for any real reason other than for being sad. Softly sighing to himself, Hal retrieved his axe and went back to work on the dummy.

He had been lacklusterly swinging his heavy, uncouth weapon for close to two hours now and his arms and shoulders were burning with fatigue. After the incident in the village Hal had been uncomfortable at the thought of training with his fellow guardsmen, and guardsmen-in-training. They ridiculed him enough about the things he didn't do. Even though Hal knew intellectually that few, if any, of the guardsmen actually knew what happened that day. All of them had seen him return to the keep, soaked from head to toe in water... again. Hal just didn't want to give them any more bolts for their verbal crossbows than they already had. While he could take the abuse without losing his temper, he'd rather not to have to take it at all. Some of the things that were said towards him were mean and, in many ways, downright cruel. "The big, stupid oaf" was usually how their insults started and more often than not ended with phrases that would make ladies blush and leave the room.

But Hal never got mad at them. What was the point? Getting mad would force him to fight. And he could not, in good conscience, fight with one of the other guardsmen over mere words. No matter how harsh they may be. 

However, harsh words towards Lady Tasha... 

He shook his head. Muttering wordlessly to himself, forcing that errant thought to the very back of his mind where things usually got lost and were never found again.

He kept up his rhythmic swinging. Overhand. Backhand. Reverse sweep. Uppercut. Overhand. Backhand. Reverse sweep. Uppercut. Fluid, powerful, repetitive motions that really didn't require much actual thought after one got going. Hence, the reason behind his stray ideas.

Ever so faintly behind him, Hal heard the soft scuff of a leather sandal on the flagstones of the courtyard. 

He didn't think, (an all-too-common practice for Hal). One second, he was swinging a reverse sweep at the dummy. The next, he was using his forward momentum to swivel about on the ball of one foot, his axe hurtling on a downwards angle at precisely where the base of a normal man's neck would connect with his shoulders.

At the last possible second Hal pulled back and stopped the blade's lethal motion. Right there before him stood the Captain of the Guard and the man who had taken him in as one of his own. Lord Aeros.

Aeros' face remained perfectly impassive as he watched the wide, sharp blade arcing forcefully towards his body in what would have been a killing blow. He merely blinked once as the weapon jerked suddenly back out of harm's way. Hal quickly apologized for his near fatal error and carefully placed his axe on the ground.

Casually, Aeros retrieved his deep, wooden pipe from a fold in his coat and ran his fingers through his rapidly thinning shock of gray hair before speaking. "Careful now, lad. You wouldn't want to hurt anybody." Pulling out his tobacco wallet, Aeros pinched up a little bit of the earthy brown grass and packed it into the wattle. "So," he went on nonchalantly, after lighting his pipe with a burning twig and taking a few puffs from it. "I was speaking with the boys in the mess. They said that you didn't come in for either breakfast or lunch." He puffed once more, letting out a single ring of smoke. "Are you not hungry?"

Hal's reply was interrupted by an impossibly loud rumble from the general area of his stomach. The large young man blushed and lowered his eyes, unable to meet the gaze of the man who had cared for him when none else would. 

Aeros sat down on a nearby bench and waited for Hal to join him. Seeing that there wouldn't be enough room for both of them on the same bench, Hal opted instead to sit cross-legged on the ground. Aeros shrugged. "So. Are you going to tell me what's wrong, or am I going to have to pry it out of you?"

Hal remained silent for quite a while. Aeros waited patiently, knowing that it would take time for the gentle, young man to compose his, most likely, jumbled thoughts. "I...  I don't know."

Aeros didn't say anything for a few moments, he just sat and quietly puffed on his pipe. "Does this have something to do with what happened in Milton today?" Hal's head snapped up, the look of surprise vivid on his face. Aeros smiled slightly. "I found out from one of the merchants that the keep deals with. He claims to have seen the whole thing."

Hal looked away again, suddenly embarrassed. Aeros continued, leaning forward slightly. "You did a very good thing Hal. You protected Lady Tasha from four armed cutthroats without seriously hurting them or yourself in the process." He leaned back and took another thoughtful drag on his pipe before going on. "I don't think that I could have done that, my boy." He chuckled. "So you slipped up in the end and got a bit drenched. Is that why you're upset and didn't want to say anything? Because you got all wet?"

Hal shook his head slowly, stray locks of his sweat-damp hair falling over his eyes, blocking out his face in the dim light.

"Then what is it? Normally you tell me everything, what's the difference this time?"

He moistened his lips with a quick flick of his tongue. When he spoke, it was almost too quiet to hear. "Tasha asked me not to."

The elder man was still puzzled. He motioned with his pipe. "That's never stopped you before. You know that you can trust me."

Hal paused again. "Well, the other times, she would just ask me not to tell. But this time she... didn't really ask. It was more like, she..." He was unable to finish. 

Aeros picked it up for him a rueful smile on his dry lips. "She ordered you not to speak of it to anyone." Hal nodded. The Captain of the Guard leaned back again and thought on it, puffing contentedly. "Well, that explains quite a bit." He smiled down at his son. "You've always had a strong sense of duty, even before I showed you how to use it correctly.

"But, even so," Aeros went on. "You've been ordered to keep silent about other things before, often about things more important than Lady Tasha's pride. And always before you've at least hinted to me that something was going on. Why's this time so different, lad?"

Hal couldn't bring himself to answer as a slow flush crept up his face.

Aeros nodded, a small knowing smile on his lips. "I see." The older man smiled contentedly and looked the large young man that he still had trouble thinking of as being more than a boy, and felt proud. As proud as any true father could feel. 

Clumsily, Hal tried to change the subject. "I just wish I knew why she...  Lady Tasha, felt the need to order me. She's never had to before."

Smiling tolerantly Aeros allowed the subject to change and responded. "Well, the way I hear it is that Lady Tasha was a wee bit upset with you after you saved her life... " Aeros paused mid-sentence, realizing what he'd just said but shrugged it off. He also knew what Lady Tasha was like. "As well," he continued blandly. "She probably just felt the need to keep this unfortunate little incident from her father, most likely to keep him from worrying every time that she leaves the keep. Then she probably got a bit frustrated at the thought of trying to keep this from Baron Tyren and decided to make sure that no one found out, thus causing her to express her frustration on the person she felt was responsible for causing her frustration. Namely, you." Hal raised his head and looked at Aeros for the first time during the whole conversation. 

Aeros reached out and tousled the lad's haystack of scraggly brown hair. "Don't take it personally, my boy. It's just something that goes along with being a noble. When you're frustrated, take it out on the nearest person of lower rank than you." Aeros politely refrained from expressing his opinion that it had more to do with Tasha being a noblewoman, than just merely a noble.

Hal shrugged slightly, not really understanding, but willing to accept what Aeros said at face value. Aeros tried to return to the more personal topic at hand. "Are you going to tell her, lad? If you're feeling for her that badly you should at least say something to her."

The large youth gazed up at his mentor, his usual baffled expression spread across his features. "What do you mean, 'feeling badly'? I'm not sick."

Aeros gazed at his protege disapprovingly for a quick moment. Hal had the grace to lower his eyes again and look properly embarrassed. "Come on, Hal. You know bloody well what I'm talking about."

"I know, I know," Hal sighed, waving one hand absently at his mentor. "It's just that... " He trailed off, not having the faintest clue what it was 'just'. He tried again. "You see, I can't...  I don't... " Again he broke off. Frustrated, he blurted out "Well what the hell am I supposed to tell her if I don't know for sure what I feel?"

"Well, let's narrow it down a bit." Aeros gazed up at the new stars in the sky (there are new stars every night, one could never see them all at once because there are just too many). "Do you like her?"

"Of course I like her. She's the first girl I've ever met who didn't look at me like I was some sort of...  freak." Hal trailed off, staring down into his hands as if they were hideous claws. "Look at me," he whispered. "I'm huge. I tower over just about everybody. I can crush empty barrels with my bare hands. I can toss a full grown man fifty feet through the air... " He paused to reconsider what he'd just said. "Well, ten, anyways." He took a deep breath and forced himself to remain calm. "I'm a freak, Aeros. And it hurts. Lady Tasha's the first woman I've ever met who's been able to look beyond that." He lowered his head into his hands.

"So...  of course I like her," Hal's muffled voice came from behind his fingers. "I think about her all the time. But is that... ? You know...  That?"

Aeros sighed, shaking his head. "Nobody can answer that for you, lad. It's something that you have to figure out for yourself."

Hal snorted derisively. "Swell. I was really made for figuring' stuff out, wasn't I?"

Aeros shrugged noncommittally. "Who knows, lad? Who knows?" With a grunt, the Captain of the Guard rose from the bench with the loud cracking of stiff knees and back. He pressed a hand to a particularly sore spot. "So, are you coming home for dinner or what?"

Hal stood up as well, his shadow quickly engulfing his mentor's form. He moved to one side to allow some moonlight to touch the smaller man. "Not just yet. I want to finish up out here first."

Aeros nodded and tapped out his pipe against the side of the bench. "All right, lad. But don't be too long. If the food dries up in the dishes before you get home, you're the one who'll be cleaning them out." He started to trudge away into the night's shadows.

It took Hal a few moments for Aeros' last words to register. "But, I wash the dishes every night anyways," he called out.

Aeros looked over his shoulder and smiled. "So, unless you want to make things tough on yourself, I suggest that you hurry home."

Hal chuckled softly to himself and turned to look over at the oaken practice dummy with a blank expression for several moments. It really was a beautiful night.

He examined the dummy with a certain scrutiny that he hadn't used before. He let his eyes meander from the base to the very top, burning every line, every scrape and every inch of it into his mind.

Then he began to focus. It was something that he'd learned to do when he was younger and living on his own. The ability to draw all of your unhealthy energies, feelings and thoughts into one source. Hal had found it to be an excellent calming technique for the times when he was stressed out and ready to scream in frustration.

Into this pool of energy went every snide remark that the other guardsmen had made towards him in the last week. Along with it went the humiliation of being shoved into the keep's well in his dress uniform. That was immediately followed by the memory of himself walking back into the keep after his dunking in the fountain. Finally he threw in every thought that he had about Lady Tasha, both good and bad.

Then, once he had reached the focal point of his negative energies, Hal slowly bent down and retrieved his axe from the courtyard floor. 

Assuming a loose, two handed grip, the big young man took a step back. Then another. And then a third. Bracing himself, Hal took three, deep breaths. On the third and last breath, Hal took in as much air as he could and held it for as long as possible. 

Abruptly, Hal surged forward like an erupting volcano, the pent up breath exploding in a bestial roar from between his clenched teeth. 

Hal's axe struck the practice dummy with a force powerful enough to rival that of a charging bison. The blade sheared through the oaken target, utterly shattering it beyond any feasible hope of repair. Splinters flew into the air and settled to earth as far as twenty feet away.

Relaxed, his mind still cluttered with stray thoughts, but relaxed, Hal ran a hand through his unruly shock of hair and wiped the sweat off his brow. Then he slipped his axe into its loop along his belt and attached the leather safety sheathe overtop the blade before turning and heading towards home where his dinner was undoubtedly getting cold.

Hal was halfway home before he realized that he was absently humming the tune that the bird had been singing under his breath.

*

Tasha picked her towel up from the bench and began to dampen it with the sweat from her brow. Running her tired fingers through the slick hair, Tasha repressed a shudder at how awful she must look and determined that a bath would definitely be in order before she went to sleep that evening. 

Later, she silently reminded herself. Think about it later. Abruptly, Tasha tossed the towel aside and, once again, raised her practice sword up to the defensive position that she had been taught by the man standing before her.

Waiting patiently in the middle of the room for his pupil to be ready, the blade-master loosely swung his wooden weapon from side to side to keep alert. All the while, his dark, calculating eyes regarded her objectively. Tasha took a deep breath before resuming her familiar place on the training room's floor mats. She regarded her teacher just as calmly, not wanting to give anything away. The blade-master smiled lightly, raising his weapon in salute and assuming a stance of his own. The very tip of his weapon slid from side to side in a seductive manner.

With an impressive display of speed and agility, Tasha surged forward in a flickering high line attack which her trainer easily parried aside, almost causing Tasha to lose her balance as she rushed by. Sheer luck, more than any real skill, enabled Tasha to, just barely, roll past the blade-master’s return stroke and back out of the way to a more defensible position.

The blade-master smiled calmly and resumed his stance, the tip of his blade still in constant motion.

Again Tasha surged forward, this time with a sweeping motion angled towards the man's knees before suddenly redirecting the blow up to his mid-section. It was a maneuver that she'd had success with against lesser opponents, but not against this one. With a graceful sweep of his arm, the blade-master casually riposted, effectively wrenching Tasha's weapon from her hand and throwing it across the room with a loud clatter.

With a small grin of self-conscious victory, the blade-master swung his weapon towards his now weaponless pupil to deliver the "killing stroke", only to discover that Tasha was hardly interested in just letting him do so.

At least, not without a fight.

As the wooden blade came whistling towards her head, Tasha sharply swung her arm up and deflected the blow high while stepping within arms' reach of her opponent. The blade-master, surprised, tried to bring his weapon back into play but found himself in quarters too close for it to be of any use.

With a surprising level of strength and ferocity, Tasha stomped down on the man's instep with her heel. The blade-master grunted in sudden pain, dropping his sword. A well-placed knee into the pit of his gut forced him to grunt again and drop painfully to the mat, gasping for air. With a victorious grin, Tasha slipped an arm around the blade-master’s throat and squeezed lightly. The small grin that had begun to spread across her face blossomed into a full smile as she whispered the words, "I win," into her trainer's ear.

"This time," the blade-master wheezed after Tasha had let him go (and once he had gotten his wind back). "However, you wouldn't be able to deflect a steel blade with your arm, you know."

"I disagree," Tasha declared proudly, still on a bit of a rush. "If I squarely hit the flat of the blade, I'd probably get cut, but I think it would work. Besides, I'd rather have a cut than get beheaded." She smiled smugly then, though there were few that would have accused her of it. The blade-master included.

The older man began to gently limp away, favoring his sore foot and pressing one hand to the pit of his stomach gently. He collapsed on the side bench with a huff, slowly wiping at his sweaty brow. "True enough," he grudgingly agreed. "But remember, real opponents won't give you an opening like I did, and most won't be surprised at being attacked by an unarmed person."

Tasha cut him off with a brisk wave of one hand. "Of course, you have a point. But there's no need for your ego to get bruised." She sighed. "You'll just have to get used to losing to me more often."

The blade-master tactfully refrained from mentioning that Tasha's one win came after fifteen consecutive losses. He was willing to admit that they were hard fought losses, but losses all the same.

Clasping her slender hands over her head and stretching back luxuriously, Tasha sighed again. "Thank you, that will be all." With a dismissive flick of her fingers she shooed the blade-master away. Without a sound he retrieved his things, bowed slightly and limped from the room. Tasha ran both hands through her sweat damp hair and grimaced. Retrieving her towel from the bench, she began to furiously scrub at her scalp as she headed towards the baths.

The cool air of the oncoming night gently wafted through the keep's halls, caressing the individuals residing within lovingly. As if just trying to let everyone know of the slowing fading autumn. There were exceedingly few people in the halls that Tasha walked through as she headed towards her destination. Those few that she saw would all incline their heads politely as she passed and then go on about their business. As the breeze began to settle into her clothes, Tasha shivered slightly and hurried on her way.

Cutting through one expansive hallway, she saw two guards standing watch in front of the doors leading into her father's antechamber. They were apparently engrossed in a rather humorous conversation as she slowly came upon them. 

"Did you see what 'The Oaf' did on the courtyard today?" One of them asked with a laugh.

"No, what happened?"

"Well, he was practicing his forms in the middle of the courtyard, when..." out of the corner of his eye, he saw Tasha advancing on them and instantly shut his mouth, nudging his associate in the side. Both guards snapped to attention, their faces reddening. Tasha took her time as she strode by, making certain that each of them saw the look of disgust laden in her eyes. Both men, chastened, averted their gaze. 

Tasha moved on.

But she was upset. The guards' conversation, what little of it that she had managed to overhear, was almost certainly about Hal. And, as usual, it didn't exactly sound complimentary. It was something she couldn't figure out. Hal had never once done anything to deserve the treatment that he received from his fellow guardsmen. At all times he was polite, courteous, never making a fuss. At least not intentionally. True, he did always seem to get himself into those embarrassing predicaments that only he managed to be capable of getting into. If there was a loose stone in the courtyard Hal would find it and trip over it. If it was anybody else, no one would mention it. 

But it was never anybody else.

Tasha shook her head. There wasn't really anything that she could do about it, so why let it worry her.

And why should it worry her?

Hal tended to be a nuisance towards her more often than towards anyone else. Rare was the day when Hal would let her go anywhere or do anything by herself, or at least that’s how it seemed. Towards Tasha, he was always too polite, too courteous too...  much. Tasha was infuriated with the whole thing. Of course, there were others in the keep who were the same way, but no one was as bad as Hal. It made her want to throttle him some days.

Another guard stood at the entrance to the baths. Upon closer inspection, Tasha recognized him as Venik, one of her father's personal guards. He politely nodded his head in greeting. "Good evening, Lady Tasha. How are you?"

Tasha stopped toweling her hair and smiled wearily at the guard. "A bit tired, but fine. Yourself?"

He smiled slightly, his face wrinkling at the corners of his eyes as he did so. "Oh, as good as I suppose I could be, your Ladyship."

"Good." Tasha gestured vaguely at the door behind him. "Is there anyone else in there right now?" 

Venik shook his head gently. "No milady, there isn't. Hasn't been since before the young mage took his bath, and that was near dusk." The guard casually ran his thumb across the slightly crooked bridge of his nose. "I'm sure the water's still good and warm so there shouldn't be anything for you to worry about."

Tasha nodded. "Good. Nothing's worse than a cold bath."

"Aye milady, that is so."

Tasha opened the door and stepped through. "See you soon," she said, waving slightly.

"Aye. Call out if you need anything. I'll be right here." He waved once himself before she lost sight of him behind the door.

The baths were built completely out of chestnut wood that had been stained a dark brown. There were one or two torches lining each wall, giving off a comforting glow to the otherwise dim room. In the middle of the floor was a large, shallow pool of water heated by a fire from below. Steam filled the room, adding condensation to the sweat already covering Tasha's athletic body. The very air smelled pleasant, like freshly baked bread. She sighed at the wonderful feeling.

Casually, Tasha peeled out of her clothes and gracefully hung them on one of the wall pegs. She shivered slightly in her nakedness and swiftly padded over to the warm water of the pool, testing it with one toe. It was warm, just below hot. She slid into the pool with another sigh, a relaxed smile of pleasure spreading across her face as she leaned back against the side of the pool.

Tasha closed her eyes, letting the warmth of the water just flow over her skin. Soothing. Relaxing. And sedating. She reached for the soaps that lined the pool and began to scrub herself clean of the sweat and grime of the day. The strong perfume of the soaps swiftly permeated the room. 

Wiping away the last of the suds and bubbles, Tasha completely submerged herself in the water. She stayed beneath the surface for as long as she could before exploding up like a fish, spraying water in all directions. She laughed like a little girl, with high-pitched giggles. She clapped hand to her mouth after accidentally snorting and broke into an even bigger fit of giggling. Once she calmed down, Tasha reached for the soap again and started in on her hair.

After she was finished cleansing, Tasha allowed herself to float into the middle of the pool and let her mind relax. Gently, she tugged on the strings of that strange but wonderful ability that she had only recently begun to develop. The greatest mages and doctors that her father could find had no explanation for her talent, save to say that they doubted it was harmful to her. Closing her eyes, Tasha gathered her thoughts together and leapt off into the mental abyss.

It was a bit like flying, Tasha assumed. Her consciousness would flit from one image to another in a continuous, blurred slide that was nearly impossible to describe to anyone who couldn't experience it for themselves. In a way, it was similar to riding a horse while it was galloping. The scene would bounce up and down in front of you while the images at the periphery would blur into lines and streaks, only much more so. And with more colors! Colors that couldn't even be seen by the human eye were absolutely radiant there. From the deepest of deep red to an impenetrable, inky blackness. To a white so bright that the sun almost seemed to fade in comparison. All in brief, fluid flashes.

It was difficult to tell where one was going at first. You had to get a feel of some sort, something in which to anchor yourself. In a world of thought, one had to be able to keep a clear head in order to avoid getting incredibly lost. Tasha remembered some close calls in her first few attempts with her strange ability. She was positive that it wouldn't have been so difficult if she'd had someone to teach her, but there just didn't seem to be anyone else who had the ability. 

Curious, Tasha searched along the paths for the mental trace of Garnthalisbain and quickly found him. With a literal thought, her consciousness arced through the space that was no space to her friend and took up a temporary residence just on the fringes of his mind. 

As always, the young mage was locked in his dim, cramped room, hunched over one of his many books. His eyes were bleary from the lack of sleep and his head pounded like a percussionist upon his drum. With his slender, delicate fingers Garn turned one of the old, weathered pages before leaning back and pressing both hands to the base of his spine. He stretched. The dry, ratchety sound of his vertebrae popping ran up his back in an increasing crescendo, ending with the young mage letting out his breath in an explosive gasp of relief. 

Ever so subtly, Tasha tried to plant the suggestion of sleep into the weary mage's mind. Abruptly, Garn stiffened, turning his gaze inwards. Tasha, he thought, the irritation that he was feeling transmitted a hundred times as strongly as if it were spoken out loud. If you don't mind, I'd like to finish this page before I go to my bed.

Tasha chuckled. I'm just trying to look out for you, Garn.

Did I ask you to?

No, but if you did I'd be even more worried. She quickly left his mind before Garn could deliver his normally scathing "last word".

Mentally snickering to herself, Tasha let her mind float along the stream at random.

With some surprise she found herself being softly drawn towards the thoughts of a sleeping individual. Upon her arrival there, she was even more surprised to see that it was Hal. 

He seemed to be lying on a rough bunk with his long legs dangling off the end and one arm resting on the cold, wooden floor. He looked for all the world like the largest lost, little boy who ever lived. One of his powerful arms curled protectively around his pillow, the same way a child would around a favorite stuffed toy. His long hair was in a hopeless tangle that would take a rake to straighten out. Out of sheer, unstoppable curiosity, Tasha decided to peer into his dreams.

It was misty there, inside Hal's head. Lots of clouds, dark patches looming over the landscape. Off to the side was an area of golden light that the clouds just couldn't shadow over. Examining it more closely, Tasha saw there a set of eyes. Amber eyes. A face then came into focus, with blonde hair flowing down over the eyes and past a milky white complexion that looked remarkably like... 

Tasha gasped, mentally recoiling from the flawless recreation of her features.

Hal's consciousness shifted and began to waver, the dreamscape wavering.

She scooted out of Hal's mind as fast as she was able to and flung herself recklessly across the open expanses of the mental stream. Tasha soared on and on, not knowing where she was headed and not caring the least bit. She just needed to get away. It was irrational, but she had to do it all the same.

The area in front of her suddenly stopped blurring. It became clear, crystalline almost. Astonished, Tasha immediately tried to take all of it in. Never had this happened before and she needed to see what had changed.

She was completely surrounded by impenetrable, gray mists that she couldn't see through or really even move in. For one frightening moment she feared that she'd been caught back in Hal's dream world and was unable to get out. Then, way off in what had to be the distance, came a glimmer of faint, muted light. Curious, and incredibly relieved, Tasha struggled to move towards the light. It seemed as if the very mists around her tried to keep her from it. Redirecting, misleading and even pushing her away at times. 

Slowly, the light got closer. She was able to distinguish a figure. A very large, very dark figure carrying a metallic staff that was apparently the source of the crimson light. The figure appeared tall, with a muscular frame that would have made most men envious of its perfection. The figure's shoulder length hair glowed an identical red to that of the staff and flowed about as if in the middle of a maelstrom. The eyes were without pupils and appeared to be engulfed in a perpetual flame that was also crimson. The sharp-edged, brief mail that he wore was enameled the darkest of black, as was the cape that flapped out behind him, also caught in that same hidden wind. The figure gripped the staff with both, trembling hands. The look on the flawlessly beautiful, chiseled face showed a haughtiness and cruelty that knew no bounds. And yet there was something else there as well, something undefinable. Something like...  

Fear?

What do you have to be afraid of?

The head whipped around and pierced unerringly into Tasha's being as she berated herself for her carelessness. HOW DID YOU GET HERE? the being thundered, astonished. Then his thoughts changed entirely. TAKE ME FROM HERE! he insisted at an impossible volume. TAKE ME FROM HERE ON THE NONCE OR YOU WILL PERISH! The figure paused in his tumultuous tirade and glared fiercely. Tasha could feel a deep rooted, pit of fear knot up tightly in her stomach. If she could have cried, she would have. The look on the being's face suddenly became even more twisted and gruesome then before. THEN DIE!!! he bellowed. 

He swung the staff down powerfully and thrust it out like a blade. A roiling, crimson wave of crackling energy flowed over her. 

Tasha cried out in eternal anguish and pain... ..

And was set free.

The perspective changed. Tasha was looking at the face of a mountain. The largest that she'd ever seen or heard of. It reached from the earth all the way up to the clouds. Around its peak swirled the same gray mist that she'd found herself trapped in mere moments before. The land for miles around the mountain was flat, it stuck out like a gigantic, stone weed in the middle of a desert. Which was more or less what the land was like. Dry, crusty and gray.

Dead.

Tasha knew with a cold certainty that this was where the being lay. Whether hidden or trapped she could not say, only that he was there.

Another change. An ocean, from a bird's eye, it seemed, as it came upon a lush land. There were people happy and laughing as they went about their everyday business, unaware of the imminent evil that was brewing to destroy the whole world. Tasha was unconsciously certain of that fact. 

A castle came into view. It was huge. Walled in on all sides with gleaming spires that ascended into the sky like fingers reaching for something great. Men in full plate mail rode out the front gate and over the expansive drawbridge on their immense war horses. Their lances rested on the butts of their saddles, the pennons snapping in the breeze from the tips of their elegant weapons. The symbol of the sword and the dragon lay emblazoned on the shields of all the warriors. In the far distance she heard a word that seemed to be whispered from a hidden source...  

Southmoor

Another change. She was in a room. An elegantly artistic room that must have cost a fortune to have decorated. Flowing tapestries, portraying scenes of epic battles and victorious warriors, were spread along all of the walls from corner to corner. The carpet was lush and thick, a lavender that was deeper in color than any she'd seen before. 

Floating in mid-air before her, was a book. It was leather-bound, ancient and powerful. Without actually being near it, Tasha could feel the latent energy the mere image of the book gave off. 

Around the floating book, walked a cat. It was black, sleek, dangerous in appearance and apparently as immune to gravity's effects as the book was. The look in its eyes was something beyond even that though. Intelligence didn't seem to be an appropriate word to describe the depth of knowledge and wisdom that seemed to exude from the feline's gaze. It circled the book like any cat stalking its prey would, but never even came close to laying a whisker down on the crinkled leather. 

A jewelry laden, feminine hand seemed to appear out of nowhere to stroke the cat's back. It purred and arched back to stretch out the caress. The woman was flawlessly beautiful. Thick, auburn colored hair that cascaded over her shoulders and breasts in tumultuous waves. She was dressed in a robe the same lavender color as the carpet. Her dark, voluminous eyes spoke novellas without saying a word that made sense. Tasha knew that she had to trust this woman. For what reason, she could not say. Nor why. Yet, she knew that she must. It couldn't be explained.

 The woman's lips moved, but no sound came out. Desperately, Tasha tried to read the formation of her lips, but was unable to make much out. Barely anything at all.

Feeling herself starting to slip away, Tasha struggled with all her might to stay in the image of the room, wanting to know more. Needing to know more. But she was unable to do so. The image swiftly dissolved into the familiar streaks and blurred half-images of the mental stream. With a futile scream of fear, relief and frustration escaping her lips, she flew backwards, completely out of control.

Tasha snapped up to a sitting position with a violent start, splashing the semi-warm water around carelessly as she frantically tried to regain her bearings. She wrapped both arms about her torso and hugged herself close until the shivering stopped. She willed herself to stop being afraid and began to get upset when it refused to work. 

He knows. 

Southmoor. 

The Book of Korum

It wasn't much to go on, but it was all Tasha'd been able to glean from the mysterious woman with the cat.

One thing was crystal clear though.

She needed to talk with Garn . Now.

Chapter 3 - Dreams or Reality

With a tired, weak-chested sigh, Garnthalisbain achingly rose from his studies and laboriously stretched his back. He smiled upon hearing the dry sound of his stiff joints popping all the way up his spine.

At twenty-six years old he was still technically a young man. But his grueling studies and strange gift of magic assisted greatly in aging him before his time. Missing out on all of the activities that would have made him physically healthy and strong as a youth, Garn was forced to make his way through life at a snail's pace, always wary of the larger, stronger predators of society. From the moment that the young mage had learned to read, Garn knew what he wanted out of his life. Knowledge.

And so, he studied. He studied long and hard, learning all of the techniques and challenges that his books presented to him. Then, sometime in his early teens, Garnthalisbain realized his true gift. He was one of the fortunate few, one of those able to feel the Powers of the Universe and wield it to his will as it flowed by. From that very day forward, Garn tripled his studying. Feverish to learn more of his abilities. Desperate to be the very best. In the few short years since first learning of his gift, Garn had gone through four different instructors, each more powerful and more talented than the last. After the fourth, Garn realized that other people had taught them all that they could and that it was time for him to move ahead on his own.

And so he did in the only manner that he knew how. He read his books, studied their techniques and taught himself.

Yawning widely, the young mage rubbed at his eyes with both of his curled up fists. A very childlike gesture that no one would ever see him use as long as he had something to say about it. Yawning once again, Garn forced himself to close the book he was reading and turn to his warm mattress and blankets. It was truly frustrating for him to continually fight the urge to study when he knew that sleep was the more immediate concern. It was doubly frustrating seeing as how close he was to finally working his way through one of the more difficult theories of relative magical properties. I'm right on the edge of it, he argued with himself. There's just that one little part that I can't quite grasp...  yet.

He shook his head forcibly and slowly removed his cloak and cowl. Another day, he thought. I'll figure it out another day. 

Laying his dark-colored cloak over the sole chair, Garn caught a sideways glimpse of himself in his floor-length mirror. Roughly five and a half feet tall, probably less. With thin shoulders and a very slender frame. His long, dark hair fell down, over his face and hung in front of his chest. At first glance, one would be forced to assume that the mage was starving. His ribs visibly stuck out, to the point where they could be counted. His arms looked like discarded branches off of a dead tree while his torso resembled the trunk of that selfsame tree. Were it not for the double-knotted sash at the mage's thin waist, his breeches would slide right to the floor, having nothing to grab a hold of.

With a flick of his head, Garn tossed his hair back, out of the way, and looked at his face. It too was very thin, slowly approaching skeletal in appearance with his dark circled eyes. A negligence in shaving produced a short, thin beard that covered his pallid cheeks and precise chin with a dark shadow. His lips were a compressed, thin line while his nose seemed sharp, pointed. Almost like a beak but not nearly long enough. Short, if anything. The creases and lines crisscrossing his face give the impression that Garn was actually a man ten years his senior. 

But, as always, it was his eyes that caught the immediate attention of most people. They were sunk back into his head a ways, with dark shadows of extreme weariness circling all around. The bright, green color of his irises added such a contrast to the normal darkness of the man. They were so vivid, so seemingly full of life. And yet so bitter and withdrawn at the same time. 

He was powerful, and he was weak. He was feared, but well-liked and trusted. He was rude, coarse and abrupt. Yet, subtly caring and concerned for the well-being of others.

Garn shook his head again and forced the introspective thoughts from his mind. His body shivered in the faint cold, so he quickly padded over to his thickly covered bed and slid into its soft warmth. With a brief flick of his fingers and a whispered word under his breath, the three dozen lit candles and the small fire in the hearth all went dark, leaving him peacefully in the dark. 

The young mage felt the tug of deep sleep pull on him tantalizingly with a long, drawn out yawn. Willingly, he succumbed to the temptation and let himself fall, fall, fall....

An insistent, hollow rapping at his door broke the silence.

Garn's eyes snapped open. He rolled his gaze from side to side, waiting. When the sound didn't immediately repeat itself, he squeezed his eyes shut and snuggled into his blankets a bit more. Surely, he'd just imagined it.

"Garn?" came a muffled, familiar voice along with more knocking.

Rolling over onto his stomach with a groan, Garn hid his head under a pillow and fervently he hoped that he was already asleep.

The knocking came again, even louder this time. "Come on, Garn. Open up. I know you're in there."

"Go away," Garn moaned from beneath his goose down pillow.

"Garn, open the door. It's Tasha, I need to talk with you."

"Come back in the morning, I'm trying to sleep here."

"But it's important!"

"It's the middle of the night. Nothing's that important!"

There was a short pause in the conversation during which Garn could faintly hear Tasha muttering some very unladylike words and phrases under her breath. "Please, Garn?" She tried again, more softly. "I really think this is important."

"What? You're not sure anymore?"

Another pause. "No. Not really."

The dark-haired head of the mage carefully surfaced from beneath the pillow and looked at the door in thought. After a time, he sighed and slowly, regretfully crawled out of bed. It was extremely odd for Tasha to openly claim ignorance about anything. Of course, it's also rare for women as a gender to do the same. So I suppose I can't specifically blame her, Garn thought as he staggered over to his cloak. And besides, she's not going to go away until I let her in, so I might as well get this over with. 

Yawning widely, the young mage wrapped himself in his dark cloak once again and minced, bare-footed across the cold flagstones to his door. Concentrating briefly, Garn whispered a word under his breath and the hearth blazed into fire once again. His slightly trembling fingers fumbled at the latch briefly before finally opening the door.

Taking one look at his friend forced Garn to bite back his initial sarcastic comment and quickly usher Tasha into his room. She was dressed loosely in a bathrobe with her long hair wet and dangling haphazardly in front of her face. Her lips were tinged blue and she was starting to shiver from the cold. Forcing her to sit down in his chair, Garn leapt back to his bed and whipped the top layer of blanket from it and carefully wrapped it about her frame. And then, with the swiftness of someone who has performed a ritual so often that it could be done without real thought, he removed a several small leaves from one of his many containers and set them in a kettle of water. After hanging the small copper kettle over the flickering flames in the hearth, he shoved aside some of his papers and sat down on his desk, right in front of her. 

"Why didn't you tell me you were so cold?" Garn berated, guiltily thinking that he should have been more considerate. "I would have let you in right away if I'd known."

Once her shivering subsided slightly, Tasha calmly tried to explain. "I didn't even think about it. I was barely aware that I was cold until I got in front of your door."

Garn grimaced, muttering to himself as he rose to retrieve two small mugs from one of his shelves.

"Thank you," said Tasha gratefully after receiving a steaming mug filled with sweet, herbal tea. She began to eagerly gulp it down but painfully sputtered and coughed it back out.

 Garn chuckled softly and pat her on the back. "Watch yourself, Tash'. It's still pretty hot, or had you noticed that already?" After seriously making sure that she was all right, he took his seat on the desk once again, curling his feet up under him and waited patiently. Five seconds later he'd had enough of that. "So what's the deal? You lecture me for not getting any sleep, and then, when I finally decide to catch an hour or two, you come hammering on my door demanding I wake up. I mean, seriously. What are we? An old married couple?" He snickered at that last thought while Tasha turned a slight shade of pink.

Taking a moment further to collect her jumbled thoughts, Tasha began. "I think I had a vision?"

Garnthalisbain frowned concernedly. "Well, did you or didn't you? Make up your mind, this could be a serious issue."

"Well, it's hard to tell," Tasha said defensively. "Always before, when I was... " she motioned with her free hand as she grasped for a word.

"'Exploring' ?" Garn offered blandly.

Tasha shrugged indifferently. "Whatever. When I use my abilities, I can almost always control where I'm going and what I'm doing. But this time...  It was like I was drawn. Pulled. Towards...  " She shook her head with a sigh. "It's so hard to explain."

Shifting slightly to get more comfortable on his desk, Garn leaned forward. "Well, let's start at the beginning. What did you 'see' ?"

Slowly, with great personal uncertainty, Tasha began to relate to Garn everything that she'd seen that evening during her mental journey. Garn noticed her hesitate right after she related what happened after she'd exited his mind that evening. But immediately after that, Tasha began to describe the dark figure in the mists and the mage forgot all about her hesitation.

By the time Tasha had finally finished her story, Garn had managed to push aside the few remaining shreds of fatigue that had been clouding his mind. There was a new problem that he had to solve and he was certain that he already had a fairly good head start on it.

Rising from his desk, Garn strode purposefully across his room and stood in front of one the many bookshelves that filled his room. He stared, motionless for several long moments, his eyes flickering over the cover of each and every book on in the case. Finally selecting one from the very top shelf, he whispered an arcane word and magically caused it to slide out of its place, allowing gravity to drop it into his waiting hands. He carried the tome back over to his desk, leaning against it while casually flipping through the pages.

Tasha sat in her chair and waited as patiently as she could. Which wasn't very, seeing as how she would fidget every ten seconds or so.

Looking up from his book, Garn stared blankly at Tasha for a great deal of time, trying to choose which words to use in order that she might understand what he was thinking. Then he shrugged his shoulders minutely and one corner of his mouth twitched slightly, forming a sort of smirk, though there was no humor in his eyes. "Tasha," he began carefully. "How much do you know about history?"

Tasha blinked, surprised at the unusual question. "Well, a fair bit I suppose. My tutors taught me about the political creation of Kaemar and Kaemaria, and of the Great Dwarven War, and...  those sorts of things," she finished lamely

Garn shook his head, his mouth a grim line. "So, in other words, you don't really know all that much. Am, I right?" A slow flush crept up Tasha's cheeks briefly, then she nodded. "I'm right." He took a deep breath, looked briefly to the ceiling as if silently asking for some sort of spiritual advice, and began.

"Three thousand years ago, the world was, quite obviously, a different place than it is now. Back then, there was no Great Sea separating the continents like there is today. It was all one giant cluster of land where everyone lived under the rule of one government. This book," he shook the tome lightly in front of Tasha's eyes for emphasis. "This book describes that government as the Great Empire, and I tend to agree with that description. For at no point in time since has there ever been a ruling system that was more fair, more prosperous or more vast.

"For generations, one family of Emperors ruled over all with an equal amount of grace and righteousness. By all accounts, not just the one's in this book, in all the books that I have found about this time period, these people were revered as demigods by their millions of subjects.

"Now, of course, history is written by the people in charge. No one ever wants anything bad written about them for people in the years to come to read and believe, so I suggest that you take this with a grain of salt, Tasha. But, apparently, everything came to head with the emperor named Recluvan.

"Now, I'm going to read directly out of this book for a moment or two. I think that it depicts what I'm trying to say the best."

"But, Garn..." Tasha interrupted.

Garn motioned her to silence, scanned the book briefly for the spot that he wanted and began.

" 'And, lo, for upon the time of his coming of age, the Prince Recluvan ascended upon the throne of Great Empire, and proceeded to rule with all of the propriety and honor of his father, and his father's father before him, and his father's father's... ' " Garn cleared his throat and looked abashedly at Tasha for a second. "Sorry about that. It tends to get a bit repetitive." Turning the page and quickly scanning down it, Garn found the precise spot that he wanted and continued.

" 'Not wanting to rest after concluding his debates with the Tribal Nomads, Emperor Recluvan sent word to his twin brother, Rexuvan in the neighboring state of Mindalon, requesting his presence.

" 'Prince Rexuvan, although the emperor's twin, was the younger of the two by mere minutes, thus, explaining why he was the Lord of Mindalon and its surrounding areas rather than the head of the entire Great Empire. During the time that Prince Rexuvan was coming of age, his family and friends did all for him that they could to make him feel loved and welcome. But nothing they could say or do could ever remove the younger prince's jealousy of his ever-so-slightly elder brother. 

" 'Finding no real welcome in his family or friends, Prince Rexuvan drowned himself in his studies of the arcane and sold his soul to the daemons, practicing in the evil arts... ' " Garn's narration slowed to a halt at that point, as he shook his head sadly.

"What is it?" Tasha asked.

"I just hate the way people misunderstand us at times." Turning his full gaze upon Tasha briefly, he stared her directly in the eyes. "Look at me," he demanded coldly, his green eyes flashing in the dim light. "I study magic all the time, I practice the use of the Powers and all of that. But do I truly look like I've sold my soul to daemons?"

Suddenly intimidated by the ferocity of her friend's indignant stare, Tasha flinched unconsciously. "Maybe this isn't the best time for you to be asking me that, Garn." 

Scowling softly at Tasha, Garn altered his tone. "Well, don't worry. I haven't." Clearing his throat solidly, the young mage continued his tale.

" 'For over fifteen years had Prince Rexuvan studied the evil arts. Over that time, he was widely considered to be the most powerful mage in the known world. This was part of the reason why Emperor Recluvan wanted to see his brother. He knew of the jealousies that Prince Rexuvan had against him and wanted to see if they could be put aside for good.

" 'Within days, Prince Rexuvan arrived at the Imperial Palace. He was immediately ushered into the throne room so that the twins could have their long awaited conversation. With open arms was the prince welcomed, and with a turned back came the cold response. 

" ‘Dismayed, the Emperor tried to engage his brother in conversation, asking him how his studies went. With a thunderous expression the despot prince told a tale only a child would believe. Of how a great time of ice was coming, that the entire empire and its surrounding lands were to be completely engulfed by its vastness. The emperor laughed lightly then, assuming, naturally that his brother had told a joke to lighten the mood. But Rexuvan did not laugh. The emperor then explained that the Gods Above would hardly let anything happen to their loyal subjects.

" 'At that point, and that point only did Prince Rexuvan laugh. He belittled his brother, the emperor and blasphemed the Gods Above, claiming that They were the cause behind this mythical time of ice and that They were to be blamed.

" 'Enraged by his brother's words, Emperor Recluvan tried to have Prince Rexuvan restrained, but it was no use. Every member of the Imperial Guard that attempted to seize the wizard was promptly besieged by a strange green-colored light that reduced those men to the mere ashes from whence they came.

" 'When all of the guards were removed from the scene, Prince Rexuvan seized his own brother, the emperor by the front of his imperial robes and vanished.

" 'They reappeared mere moments later high in the sky, directly above the Imperial palace. From there, Rexuvan proceeded to berate and belittle the emperor in a voice loud enough for all in the Imperial City to hear. In the end, it seemed as though Emperor Recluvan tried to reach some sort of agreement with his twin. However, it was far too late for that.

" 'From that great distance in the sky, Prince Rexuvan released his brother, the Emperor Recluvan and allowed him to plummet to the earth with nothing to break his fall save for the peaks of the Imperial Palace. 

" 'In the very instant that Emperor Recluvan struck the peaks of the very palace that was his home, the former prince Rexuvan unleashed the hedonistic powers that were at his command and completely obliterated the Imperial City. Every building, every shop and nearly every person became demolished at the mere thought of this truly evil man.

" 'From that moment forward, Rexuvan took a new name for himself, one that was synonymous with darkness...  Xir.' "

Garnthalisbain looked up from his tome with a sigh and took a moment to compose himself. It had been quite some time since he'd last taken the time to deliver such a lengthy speech. In all, he felt drained from the experience. Similar to the feeling he experienced after casting a strenuous and involved weave of Power. 

Tasha just sat, riveted in her seat, too afraid and enthralled to move.

Looking disdainfully at his now cold mug of tea, Garn strolled loosely over to one of the other bookshelves. Removing a rather thick book from one shelf, he cradled it carefully in one arm and carefully popped the safety seal. Opening the cover, Garn removed a small, glass bottle of Clannish Brandy. Removing the stopper with his teeth and spitting it back into the book, Garn then proceeded to pour roughly half of the bottle down his parched throat. When he finally took another breath, he sighed contentedly, reveling in the warmth that had permeated in his chest. Replacing the stopper back in the bottle's neck, Garn returned the brandy into the hollowed out book and put it back on the shelf. 

Turning back, he saw Tasha staring at him with a shocked expression on her face. He opened his mouth to say something but was forced to stop as the harsh alcohol he'd consumed hit his empty stomach. He shivered violently for a quick moment before regaining control and quietly saying, "You didn't see that." At which point he belched profoundly.

Sheepishly, Garn ran his sleeve across his mouth and mumbled a soft apology.

After a brief period of silence in which neither of them said or did anything out of the ordinary, Tasha spoke up. "Well, Garn. That was very interesting and all...  But what does that have to do with what I saw in my vision?"

The young mage got a brief, blank look on his face before he frowned softly. Then he swiftly cleared his throat and resumed his normal look of cool confidence. "Yes," he began. "Well...  There's a bit more to the story than that, you see."

Tasha sighed quietly and leaned back in her chair, preparing herself for another barrage of information.

Garn picked up the book again and looked for where he'd left off.

" 'Several months later, Xir resurfaced from his hidden lab in the Great Empire. He made it perfectly clear that the time of ice was very nearly upon the world and that it was time for him to do that which he had planned to do all along.

" 'And so, with all of the daemonic power that was his to command, Xir found an empty field in the middle of the Great Empire and challenged the Beast God, Arixeas to a duel.' " Tasha gasped in surprise and Garn smiled. "I know what you mean, I thought pretty much the same thing myself. But it gets better, trust me."

" 'Without question, the fiery tempered God of Beasts accepted the challenge and roared down from the heavens to confront the blasphemous heathen. The ferocity of their battle is without peer. The sheer levels of Power that were attained were beyond all conventional means of magical measurement. Thankfully, their duel was not long. Had it gone on for a greater time, much of our world might possibly have been destroyed.

" 'In the end, once the upstart Xir had been soundly defeated, Arixeas raised him up to the sky, about to pass judgment in his own particular fashion. But his Brother God, Shirvanth, the NightLord interjected. After a brief discussion, the two Brothers decided to imprison Xir in a place so inescapable that it does not even exist in this plane of reality.

" 'And there, the would-be-god, Xir, sits, unable to free himself and incapable of causing any more damage upon an already damaged world.' "

Garn finally closed his book and laid it down upon the desk, next to him. "That's as far as I can go with the book, so here's the rest of it from what I've pieced together. Less than a century later, the world was almost completely covered by glaciers. It stayed that way for almost five hundred years. When the ice finally retreated to the poles where they now reside, the survivors came out of hiding to find that much had changed and began to build the world into the way it is now."

Tasha's eyes were wide with wonder. "How come I've never heard any of this before?" she asked with genuine concern.

The mage closed his eyes shook his head with a laugh. "Because precious few people truly want to believe it, Tash'. The religious fanatics at Haven all adamantly insist that nothing existed before the glaciers. No matter how much evidence of the old empire is shown to them, they refuse to believe. 'Blinded by their faith' one might say."

There was a brief period of silence during which both Garn and Tasha tried to organize their thoughts. Slowly, the young mage slid forward, dropping to one knee before the seated Tasha. He gently laid one thin hand on her shoulder and tried to think of an easy way to break his news to her. He failed. "Tasha...  I think that the figure you saw in your vision was Xir."

Her eyes widened fearfully and she shrank away from Garn at the mere thought of it. "No. It can't be. It's got to be a dream. A nightmare... "

"It's probably both. But I also think it's the truth." 

"Well, what about the other parts of the vision?" Tasha broke in forcibly, trying to desperately change the topic. "The woman and the cat? The countryside? What about all that?"

Garn sat down on his desk again, weariness rapidly returning to his undernourished body. "The woman and the cat?" He shrugged his shoulders and got a bizarre look on his face. "Your guess is as good as mine, makes absolutely no sense to me. All I can say, is that the woman is the most crucial part of the whole vision. Don't ask me why, I'm just sure of it." 

Taking a brief moment to stifle a yawn, Garn continued. "The countryside? Well, I thought that one was fairly obvious. I mean, the woman out and out told you what it was." Seeing Tasha's rather blank expression, the mage filled in the blanks for her. "It was an image of Southmoor."

"Southmoor?" Tasha said incredulously. "Why would I be shown an image of Southmoor?"

Again, Garn shrugged. "If I knew that, I probably wouldn't feel this sudden, burning need to go there, would I?" Tasha blinked in surprise. "By your expression I can see that you feel it too. Don't ask," he held up both hands in mock-defense. "I don't know what it is. But it's like a very subtle compulsion, pushing us both in the direction of knights, chivalry and all of that wonderful stuff that Southmoor is known for."

"But, why?" Tasha insisted.

"I told you, I don't know!" Garn snapped irritably. " I just get the feeling that the answers to all of our questions will start to show themselves when we get there!"

"No, I mean why me?"

Garn clapped a hand to his forehead and sighed deeply. "Tasha, it's definitely too late for you to be asking me questions like that. Too much philosophy too late at night is way too much for the brain." However, seeing that Tasha expected some sort of an answer from him, Garn made the token attempt. "For starters, I don't ever want to hear you use the word 'me' like that ever again. Because the minute you brought this whole 'vision thing' here to me, got me involved in it. Like I said, I feel the compulsion too. As to why...  I don't really have an answer to that. 

"Except, maybe this. You've got your mental abilities, I've got my obsession with magic. And it is an obsession, I make no claims otherwise at all. Basically, we're exceptional people in a crazy world. Maybe we're the only people that can deal with...  whatever's going on."

Tasha stared at her friend for a long moment. "Garn," she said with a laugh. "That's got to be the most ridiculous thing that you have ever said."

Garn scowled, whipped his blanket away from her and pointedly ignored her sudden squeal of indignation. Tossing his blanket onto his bed, Garn marched over to his door and opened it wide. "That's it," he muttered. "Get out."

"Garn... "

"Don't 'Garn' me, young lady. it's very late, I've answered all of your questions as best I can, now get out. I'll talk to you in the morning."

Finding it almost impossible not to smile, Tasha rose from her chair and primly tightened the sash on her bathrobe before heading out into the hall. Once there, she turned back one last time and asked the only question that she had left. "What if it was all just a dream...  or something?"

The young mage looked long and hard into her liquid amber eyes for a moment or two. When he finally spoke, it was in a unusually low-pitched tone of voice. "What do you think?" he asked. With that, Garn gently closed his door and returned to the warmth of his bed, extinguishing the flames in the hearth with a mere thought.

It wasn't until he was just about to drift off into that mystical realm of sleep once again that he heard the sound of someone furiously pounding upon a solid object out of base frustration. "What kind of an answer is that?!"

Garn groaned wretchedly and buried his head back under his pillows, valiantly trying to ignore the animalistic hammerings at his door.

Chapter 4 - A Difference of Opinion

Tasha scowled fiercely as she strode down the keep's main hall, her dark colored breeches making a faint swishing sound as she walked. She was determined, but the dark circles around her eyes indicated that she was more than a little tired. Out of nowhere she yawned, stumbling mid-stride. But Hal was right there behind her, laying a gentle hand on her shoulder to help keep her steady. 

Angrily shrugging away his hand, Tasha flashed a glare back over her shoulder and nodded curtly, pointedly ignoring the look in his eyes.

Resuming her forceful pace down the hall, Tasha sincerely wished that she could lose her lumbering entourage. She'd tried everything short of outright ordering him to go away, mainly because she didn't think that even that would work. 

"Are you positive that you don't have anything else to do, Hal?" Tasha asked again, frustrated.

His voice was deceptively quiet when he spoke. "No, milady. Protecting you is all that I... "

"I don't need you to protect me!" Tasha barked, startling more than a few of the servants passing by. "We're in my father's keep, for pity's sake. Nothing is going to happen to me here!"

Hal didn't speak for a moment as they ascended a flight of stairs, advancing on the doors to Baron Tyren's study. When he did speak it was almost, but not quite, under his breath. "That's what you said in Milton, too."

Tasha spun back to face her living shadow and advanced on him menacingly, her eyes blazing. "What did you say?" she hissed dangerously, practically daring him repeat himself.

Hal lowered his head, his scraggly hair falling down over his eyes dejectedly. "Nothing, milady," he mumbled.

Tasha began to feel ashamed of herself. Running a hand down over her eyes and then back up to her hair, she tried to apologize. "Let's just chalk that little outburst up to weariness, okay, Hal?"

Hal shrugged his shoulders almost imperceptibly, a hurt little boy stuck in a big man's body. "If you want, milady."

Tasha stood there, looking at the man for a moment or two longer before huffing out all of her breath at once. "Look, just stay out here in the hall." Maybe if I explain it with enough patience. "I need to speak with my father. Alone," she emphasized. He couldn't ask for more patience than that. Hal merely shrugged again, noncommittally. Tasha was beyond caring at that point. "Fine," she said, turning to the doors to her father's study and entering without a knock.

As the doors shut her, Tasha spotted her father. He was sitting in his plush easy chair that faced the fireplace. Finding him wasn't as easy as it might sound. The only light in the room was coming from the fireplace, none of the lamps were lit and all of the windows had their curtains closed. 

Baron of the Vineyard Grove, often hailed as the best, and hardest working winemaker in all the lands, Tyren Pellaren was quietly sipping at some tea and staring into the fire. As Tasha advanced on him, she immediately noticed that he was very tired. The bags under his eyes were even darker and more pronounced than her own. His white, thinning hair was as neat as always, but his clothes looked as if he had spent the night in them. 

Immediately, Tasha was on her guard. Her father, Lord Tyren, was a very methodical man. Even though he was a Baron, his ritual was to always lead by example and be up at the crack of dawn after a good night's sleep to get right to work. He kept very regular hours, rarely varying from the set schedule. To think that he had stayed up all night indicated that either something extremely important had come up, or that he had something personal on his mind. In either case, Tasha knew that it was unlikely to be something good.

Worrying for her father, Tasha knelt down beside his chair and lightly touched his arm. He started, his eyes flicking towards her in surprise. Then a warm smile spread across his plain, aging features. Tyren Pellaren was an older man, father of four, fully grown children. He had lived a long life, full of happiness and sorrow. He rested one, shaky hand gently against Tasha's cheek and smiled again.

"Good morning, Tasha" he began in his slow, soft voice. "Did you sleep well?"

Tasha yawned widely at that unfortunate moment. Her father chuckled knowingly. "It would appear not," he commented with a wry smile.

"At least I slept, father. Unlike some people that I could mention." She looked her father directly in the eyes at that point and saw that he most certainly had something on his mind. For a quick moment, Tasha was tempted to use her abilities to try and find out what was so urgent that her father was losing sleep over it. However she easily refrained from doing so. He'll tell me if it's something I need to know...  or something I've done. 

His weathered smile drooped slightly. "I have had a long night dear Tasha. Full of pondering."

Tasha sighed wearily. It is something I've done. "Is it important?" she asked as patiently as she could manage, her own thoughts wanting to burst forth in a rapid torrent of words.

Lord Tyren nodded with a faint smile. "Quite. I must ask you to hear me out, dear. My news concerns you directly." 

"Tasha," he went on before she could cut him off. "I've tried to raise you as best I could." After draining the last few drops of his tea, Tyren continued. "It certainly wasn't easy. For starters, you are my youngest child, and my only daughter to boot. It was very hard to avoid spoiling you at times, my dear. Especially after your mother died." Tasha's father paused sadly for a moment and she squeezed his hand comfortingly. He smiled. "I didn't know anything about raising a daughter." He laughed softly. "To be perfectly honest, I barely knew anything about raising a child, be it a daughter or son. 

"But, for obvious reasons, I had better luck with your brothers. Well," he quickly amended with a rueful grin. "Most of the time anyways."

He cleared his throat wetly, noisily. Tasha was slightly revolted by the size of the gobbet of phlegm her father was forced to expectorate into the spittoon on his left. "So, against all of my best attempts and intentions, I ended up raising you like a son. That's not to say that you act like a boy," Tyren interjected quickly, the wry grin back on his face. "By the Gods Above that is hardly what I mean at all. And I assure you, no one would ever mistake you for anything but what you are on sight, my dear." Tasha blushed briefly while Lord Tyren smiled to himself. "But you dress like a man a fair amount of the time. And you never spend any time with make-up, sewing or that type of thing." He then leaned forward conspiratorially, whispering in her ear. "To be perfectly honest, I'm glad about that last bit. There's nothing I hate more than listening to a group of women sitting around, gossiping like old hens while they sew together a garment that hardly needs sewing." They both chuckled at that. Tasha clapping a hand to her mouth in embarrassment after accidentally snorting. Lord Tyren laughed a bit harder at that.

"But seriously, Tasha," he continued, sobering his mood again. "There must be something to all of that so-called feminine nonsense. And I'm hardly in a position to teach it to you myself... "

"Father," Tasha broke in nervously, suddenly fearing the worst. "What are you saying?"

He withdrew a parchment from one sleeve and unfolded it in his hands, glancing at it with the familiarity of someone who knew the words he read before he saw them. "Tasha, this is a letter from Duchess Chrysanthia in Kaemar. It seems that she is out looking for a new lady in waiting to attend to her needs and learn the ways of court." Lord Tyren began apprehensively, carefully gauging his daughter's reaction from out of the corner of his eye. "Now, she's aware that you're, uhm...  a bit older than most girls normally are when they're just starting out. Nevertheless, you are her first choice."

Tasha's face easily mirrored her disbelief. "Father, you're not seriously thinking of... "

"In truth, I have done quite a lot of thinking on this Tasha. And...  I think it would be in your best interests to go."

Tasha was thunderstruck. "But...  But I don't want to go."

Lord Tyren sighed regretfully. "I'm afraid that you don't really have much of a say in this, Tasha. I can't allow you to continue wasting your life away any longer. I’ll be making all of the final arrangements this afternoon. You will be leaving at the beginning of next week." He then let his gaze wander over his daughter's features longingly, as if for the last time. "I am sorry that this is so sudden, my dear one. But I really believe that this is the best thing for you."

Tasha didn't say anything for several long, frighteningly silent moments. Words fail me, she thought, surprisingly blandly.

 Her face slowly turned a shade somewhat darker than purple while her whole body began to shake with suppressed emotion. Her father flinched back, trying to prepare for the worst. 

Lady Tasha Pellaren of the Vineyard Grove, let loose a soul rending shriek that left every person within hearing distance shaken to the very core. 

*

Hal was in awe. 

From out in the hall he and just about every other member of the keep's staff were able to hear the 'conversation' that took place between the Baronial family. It was found out later on that the soldiers in the courtyard were debating whether or not Lady Tasha's scream reminded them more of a wailing cat or an enraged hyena.

"How can you even think of sending me to some strange old bitty's castle without even asking my opinion?!" came Lady Tasha's holler at an octave somewhat higher in pitch than her normal speaking tone. Hal winced painfully just at the sound of it.

"Now Tasha," her father interposed as loudly and as rationally as he could. "I'm just trying to do what's best for you!"

"Best for me?!" Tasha snapped incredulously. "Father, have you been drinking?"

"Tasha, I will not put up with this sort of childish behavior. I am your father! I know what's best for you, better than you do!"

There was a clearly audible snort of derision at that point. Hal was admittedly impressed. He didn't think that anybody could make such a grotesque sound carry across a room like that. "Would you make up your mind, old man? A moment ago you said that you were sending me away because you don't know what's best for me! Which is it?!"

"Don't twist my own words against me young lady! I won't..."

"It's not like you make it difficult for me to twist them, Father!"

There came a tremendous crash. It was later reported that the soldiers in the courtyard were laying odds on it being an entire china set. 

Hal had to strain to hear the next part of the conversation. Even then what he caught came only in bits and pieces. 

"...  I know what you must be...  wish your mother was...  but you must go...  Lady Chrisan...  no matter what."

"...  not a child anymore...  no right...  what I please...  "

"You will do as I say!" came Lord Tyren's voice more forcefully. That's a mistake, Hal thought ruefully. 

"I will not!" Tasha screamed as Hal shook his head with a sigh. 

"Tasha..."

"Father, there's one thing you're forgetting here! This is my life! Not yours!" Her voice had begun to quaver with emotion. Hal felt his heart going out to her and wished that there was something that he could do. "Controlling my life won't bring mother back!"

There was a long pause. When they spoke again, their voices were too low for the large man to hear.

Apparently it was also too low for the keep's staff to hear as well. As if suddenly coming out a stupor, twenty or thirty liveried men and women suddenly realized that they had other places to be. In seconds Hal found himself alone in the hallway.

 Now Hal was not normally known to be the sort of person who would eavesdrop on someone else's conversation. But, the keyholes were rather large. It could almost be said that not taking advantage of such a moment would be an opportunity lost. But Hal wasn't one to think like that. I'll just listen real quick, make sure she's all right, he rationalized as he crept closer to the door. Easily dropping into a crouch, Hal pressed his ear up against the keyhole.

"...  do you want to do with your life? Become an adventurer?" Tyren scoffed softly. "A highwayman or bodyguard? With all of your practicing and learning all the ways to disembowel someone? I mean really Tasha, what use is it to you?"

There was a soft snuffle. "How am I supposed to know what I want to do with my life? I've never been anywhere, or done anything. You've never let me."

"I'm letting you now, Tasha."

"But...  I...  I can't...  " She broke off for a moment. Tyren made soft, comforting sounds and spoke phrases that were designed to soothe. Tasha seemed to reorganize her thoughts and plowed straight ahead. "I just...  I can't go to Kaemar, father."

"Hmm? And why not dear?"

Tasha took a deep breath. "Because I have to go to Southmoor."

"Hal," snapped a snide voice from directly behind him. "What do you think you're doing?"

The large young man nearly cried out in alarm at the sound of the thin, rasping voice. His heart hammering louder than an anvil, Hal whipped his head around to see Garnthalisbain crouching not six inches behind him. There was only a slight scowl of disapproval on his face, but one thin eyebrow was quirked up in amusement. 

Embarrassed, but not so much that he would stop what he was doing, Hal motioned for the mage to be silent and turned to listen again at the door before abruptly swiveling back to face his grim-faced friend. "Where did you come from so fast?" he whispered curiously. "I didn't hear you at all. Did you just...  sort of... " he searched valiantly for an appropriate phrase and failed miserably in his attempt. 

" 'Appear out of nowhere in a silent cloud of smoke' ?" Garn suggested with a thin smile and a vague fluttering of his fingers. 

"Yeah." 

"No."

Hal's face fell. "Oh." He frowned uncomfortably in thought for a moment. "Then how did you...  "

Garn leaned closer, a dark look in his eyes. Hal, unconsciously intimidated, pressed up against the door, trying to avoid the intense gaze as the young mage pressed in. "It's a secret," he whispered, mystically passing his hand before the big man's face.

At that incredibly inopportune moment, the doors were flung wide open. Hal tumbled backwards into the room with a startled yelp, his arms flailing madly. Tasha, fuming with emotion as tears streamed openly down her face, was stopped dead in her tracks. She stared at the intensely embarrassed individual lying at her feet with absolute fury. "What...  what are you doing there?" she demanded coldly, lashing out at the first available target.

Desperately Hal searched for a valid excuse. Any valid excuse. "Um...  I was...  er"
His eyes flew from side to side as he strained. 

Garn chuckled cruelly.

Fresh tears sprung into Tasha's eyes as she realized a new level of humiliation. She huffed with emotion and stormed off down the hall with a stride that was almost frightening to watch. Garn, still chuckling softly under his breath, followed along behind her, his long black cloak flapping along behind him as he trotted to keep up.

Hal slowly got to his feet, more than a little embarrassed himself. Glancing into the room he saw Baron Tyren leaning against the back of his chair, watching his retreating daughter's form with an intensely sad expression. Absently Hal noted that there were shards of pottery lying all over the floor beneath the fireplace.

Trying to subtly make his getaway, Hal started to edge out the door but the Lord of the Vineyard Grove swung his gaze at the slight movement and focused in on Hal's bulky and unstealthy frame. Hal abruptly assumed a military posture and adjusted his facial expression to its well practiced, obedient slackness. 

"Milord," Hal began, a slightly frantic tinge in his voice that he was unable to hide. "I can explain. You see...  I was...  I was out in the hallway, and...  uh... ." Hal stumbled for several long, painful moments before quietly surrendering to his fate. 
 
Tyren almost smiled. Hal blinked in surprise. "Don't worry, lad. I'm sure most of that didn't end up being too private anyway."

Hal said nothing. 

The smartest thing he'd done all morning.

Tyren sighed. "Southmoor?" he asked of no one in particular, shaking his head in confusion. "I don't understand. Visions. Cats. Strange women..." The Baron paced the room for several moments before stopping and pouring himself some wine.

Hal began to feel uncomfortable once again. But he wasn't certain how to excuse himself without making an even bigger idiot of himself. Just walking away is out of the question and I'm not smart enough to know the right thing to say at a time like this, he thought. 

So now what?

Roughly a minute or two later, Lord Tyren noticed that Hal was still standing at attention in his wide open doorway. The baron said nothing for second or two as he regarded the big man curiously. "Is there something else?" he asked finally.

Hal's eyes flicked over to Lord Tyren, his face a faint rose in color. He cleared his throat painfully, saying: "May I be excused, milord?"

Tyren placed a hand over his eyes and sighed wearily. "Dismissed" he muttered with a vague wave of his other hand.

Hal fled. 

He ran as fast as he could through the winding passageways with a surprisingly nimble step. His normal clumsiness seemed to be missing as he sprinted past many startled and incredibly alarmed people. He charged up a flight of stairs three steps at a time and all but hurdled a railing in his attempt to bypass people without harming them. 

Ahead of him were two guards who, in days past, had gone out of their way to find ways to embarrass and humiliate Hal. The guard on the right, seeing an excellent opportunity for mischief, 'accidentally' left the butt end of his spear right in Hal's path.

Both soldiers were astonished as Hal adroitly sailed over their failed attempt at brevity. They watched in further amazement as the big man continued on down the hall as if nothing had happened.

When he finally reached his destination, the door to Tasha's room was wide open as she and the mage were deep in a discussion.

"So that's it then?" asked Garn from his relaxed position, leaning against an unlit hearth with a goblet of wine in one hand. 

Tasha was frantically sorting through her items, randomly picking and choosing as she went along. "Yes, Garn," she said in frustration. "I don't have a choice anymore. If Father won't give me his assent...  it doesn't matter. We'll go anyways. We have to"

"What's...  " Hal began, but a quick look from the mage convinced him to remain silent. 

"If that's what you want Tasha, that's what we'll do." Garn said swiftly, sipping at his wine as he cast a contemplative glance at Hal. "When do you want to leave?"

Tasha's motions slowed as she thought about it. "Tonight, if possible. I want to be able to get away before Father makes it impossible." Her back remained turned to Hal as she hustled over to her closet and began rifling through it. Hal seemed about to speak again but another glance from Garn kept him quiet.

"It'll take me some time to get together all of the things that I'll need to take with us," Garn said conversationally. "Say an hour or two at the most." 

"Then go and get on it," Tasha snapped irritably. "We'll leave at midnight, during the changing of the guard."

Garn paused in his thoughts for a moment, as he glanced over at Hal speculatively. Hal could almost see the mage's mind at work as those green eyes gazed right through him. "Will it just be us travelling Tasha?" Garn asked with an exceptional casualness. "That hardly seems prudent, don't you think? Just the two of us?"

"What?"

"I'm just saying that maybe we should bring some muscle with us," Garn elaborated, a grin starting to quirk the corners of his mouth.

"Well what would you like me to do about it, Garn?" Tasha asked, her voice dripping with sarcasm as she took a half step towards Garn. "I'm running away from home, remember? What am I supposed to do? Get some of my father's guards to come along?" Garn shrugged his shoulders slowly as Tasha sneered with derision. "I can just picture that conversation now. 'Lord Aeros? Would you be so kind as to assign a contingent of guards to accompany us while I escape my father's wrath? Thanks ever so.' Get real, Garn."

The young mage finally smiled and looked over at Hal. "Well," he began slowly. "The person I was thinking of isn't exactly a contingent. It's altogether possible that he equals one in total girth and intelligence, but he would hardly qualify as a contingent."

Tasha screamed in utter frustration. Hal jumped slightly as Garn's grin grew wider. She turned fully around and looked ready to throttle the thin mage. "Garn? What are you..." her voice caught in her throat as she finally saw Hal standing in her doorway. 

Garn motioned with one hand for Hal to say something. Hal's brain went over the last bit of Garn and Tasha's conversation as quickly as he could make it go. A moment or two later, he had his conclusion and spoke. "Milady, I would be willing to...  go with you and Garnthalis...  Garntalyz...  the mage," Garn choked on his wine with amusement at that point. "That is, if you would let me."

Tasha's face had darkened to a deep red in color and her eyes sparkled with fury at the big man. Hal winced, preparing for the eruption. "No!" She exploded. "Absolutely out of the question! I will not be..."

Garn grabbed her by the shoulders and pushed back into a chair, slowly managing to calm her down. "Now listen carefully, Tasha. I know that you're under pressure right now and I know you think that this big oaf just humiliated you in a huge way with your father. And I can understand you not liking the idea right at the moment. To be honest with you, I'm not sure that I like it very much. But, it does have some merit." He paused to make sure that Tasha was paying attention. She looked like she was about to make some sort of objection, but the firm look in Garn's eyes caught her attention and made her think better of it. 

"Just think it through for a second. I'm quite capable of handling some of the troubles that will come our way, and there will be troubles, don't kid yourself here. But I won't be able to handle everything. Magic's a fantastic tool, but even I can only do so much with it," he explained patiently. "I think that it would be best if I didn't have to use my magic for every little problem that may come up.

"Without a doubt, Tasha. You show great potential as a warrior. But right now, we need more than just potential. We need ability." He pointed then at the astonished Hal. "And while I may think that the oaf over here is lacking somewhat in brainpower, Hal can handle himself in a scuffle better than anyone that I can conveniently think of," Tasha's eyes grew reluctantly thoughtful at that point as she considered what Garn was saying. "Besides that," he continued. "Hal's fiercely loyal to you and would jump off the nearest cliff if you asked him to. Now, no matter how much he may have embarrassed you," Tasha gave Garn a dirty look which he pointedly ignored. "He certainly didn't do it on purpose."

Garn took a deep breath and took his hands off Tasha's shoulders. Retrieving his goblet, he moved to stand next to Hal. He looked back at Tasha seriously. "I ask you again, Tasha. Do you really want to do this without him?" He returned to his perch against the hearth and sipped at his wine.

The ferocity had slowly drained away from Tasha's face during Garn's speech, and she looked almost rational. Her cheeks were lined with tear-tracks and her eyes were red, obvious signs of her overall emotional state. But all that aside, she was in control of herself again. Giving Hal a dangerous look, Tasha spoke to him. "Fine. You can come along. I don't need you along," she clarified fiercely, in case anyone happened to have forgotten. "But if Garn believes that we could use your help...  you can come along. Only," she added vehemently startling Hal yet again. "If you give me your word that you won't tell anyone our plans! Not Lord Aeros, not any of the other guards...  No one!"

Hal said nothing for long moments as he tried to sort out his jumbled thoughts and conflicting inner duties. He realized that he didn't have a lot of time to think on this, but it was just too much, too fast for him give a quick answer.

He was one second away from asking for some time to think about everything that he was being asked to do when some clicked in the back of his mind. Something that made him realize that there was really nothing to think about. He only had one possible answer.

Hal looked right into Tasha's eyes. "Milady Tasha, you have my oath that I will not tell a soul of your plans. On my life I swear it." 

Tasha nodded sharply. "Good," she said simply before turning away again.

Hal sighed wearily and Garn pat one shoulder comfortingly. 

*

The room was dark and nearly silent. A slight, repetitive creaking of wood on wood was the only sound that Hal could hear as he listened raptly at the door to the apartments he shared with his mentor. A tiny gleam of flickering yellow light seeped under the door and shone lightly through the metallic keyhole. Beyond that, all evidence suggested that the tenants were all peacefully asleep. 

Hal knew better.

It was perilously close to midnight. The air was chilled, a slight wind carried down the halls of the keep from outside. Hal hadn't been back to the apartments since he had left them that morning. He didn't want to take the chance of running into Aeros only to tell him that he was leaving. Consequently, he had stayed away, out in the woods surrounding the keep for most of the day. Spending his time trying to sort out his badly jumbled thoughts. In the end he had (as was typical) resolved absolutely nothing. But he felt better for the attempt.

Now, he had to move quickly. Tasha and the mage were waiting for him out in the courtyard as he stood in front of the door. Tasha was undoubtedly impatient to be gone while Garn would be serene and calm. 

He had to hurry. Midnight was fast approaching and he had to meet his friends soon or they'd leave without him. Taking a deep breath and praying that Aeros actually was asleep, Hal opened the door and stepped through into the dimly lit room.

Aeros sat in his rocking chair, the angled wooden slats creating the slight squeaking noise against the hardwood floor. A single candle was lit in the candelabra beside him, burned down almost to the stump, a symbol of how long Aeros had been waiting for Hal to show up. The elder man's eyes were wide open and clear as he regarded his adopted protégé.

They spent many long moments just looking at each other, neither saying a word.
Hal tried to force out his prepared speech but was unable to even remember how it started. In accordance, he stood there mutely, his mouth flapping open and closed like a suffocating fish.

Aeros broke the silence, his voice was as soft as always. Undemanding and possibly even...  understanding? "You've missed dinner," he said.

Hal grasped for something to say in response. "I know." That feeling somehow inadequate, he added a mumbled "Sorry," onto the end of it.

Aeros rose from his chair and walked over to the young man, the top of his gray head barely reaching his son's chin. His wise, aged eyes pierced deeply into Hal's gaze, urging him to go on. Hal stuttered aimlessly for a long while, knowing that he had to leave. 

"I'm sorry," he said again, great tears welling in his eyes. He looked down at the man who had spent the last few years raising him as his own and found that he didn't want to go through with the whole ordeal. Forget the quest. Forget his friends and forget all else. He just wanted to go into his room, pull the covers up over his head like a small child and just stay there with Aeros watching over him protectively until morning came.

But he couldn't. He had given his word to protect the Lady Tasha with all of his heart, just as he had promised to not speak of their journey. And while he knew that he didn't know much, he did know one thing.

His word was his bond. Once given, never broken.

He forced his overcome voice to go on. "I have to go." With that Hal turned away from his mentor and stepped into the only room that he clearly remembered ever having called his own.

He quickly threw together his few meager possessions. His backpack. A water skin and trapping kit. A small hunting knife that he strapped to his bulging calf. He took up his half-moon shaped battle axe and whetstone and secured them along his belt, where they belonged. That done, he searched the room once, looking over everything there fondly, as if for the last time. After a moment’s hesitation he threw his favorite dress uniform into the backpack along with a pair of work gloves and a spare cloak. Then satisfied that he had everything he might possibly need, he left the room. 

Aeros stood to the side of the main entrance and waited for Hal there, both hands behind his back. Before Hal could say anything, he spoke. "I know that you have to leave," he said. "And I know that you can't tell me where you're going, if you even know." Seeing Hal's astonished expression, Aeros almost smiled. "The mage, Garnthalisbain, spoke with me today about your journey though he spoke not of where you were headed or why. Only that you had to go."

Again, Hal didn't know what to say. There was nothing he could say.

Aeros reached up and place one hand on Hal's massive shoulder. "Good luck." he said. Hal, overcome with unbridled emotion, wrapped his arms around his surrogate father almost fiercely. The two held that pose for a few brief moments before Aeros pulled away. "You'd better hurry lad. It's almost midnight."

Hal nodded, not trusting his voice, and left the room.

"Hal!" called out Aeros from behind him. Turning back, the large man caught in mid-air the bundle his mentor had flung at him. It was roughly a meter long, solid and heavily wrapped in cloth. 

Curious, Hal looked up at Aeros and made a motion to begin unwrapping it.

Aeros shook his head quickly. "No, lad. Take it with you! Unwrap it on the road, when you have time. Now go, before they try to leave without you and get caught." On that, Lord Aeros, Captain of the Guards hustled down the hall in the other direction.

Hal watched the man pass around a corner sadly for a moment before shaking all over like an animal and sprinting down the corridor to meet his friends.

Chapter 5 - The Journey Begins

Midnight.

The twilight hues of the late autumn night rose, wafting about the keep in a colorful veal and haze. The old highoak trees in the courtyard seemed to sway and dance in the silken light of the diversely colored moons. The fluffy stratus clouds swelled and soared overhead in perpetual, graceful motions. The glistening stars in the blackness above added to the beauty of this night, as they always did. Off in the distance, betwixt the not so far off trees, could be heard the muted sounds of woodland creatures, both fair and foul as they stalked in the night.

High atop the guardhouse, in the lookout point, stood a lone figure. He was a slender young man of roughly average height with a medium build. He was dressed very formally in his purple dress uniform, signifying him as a proud member of Baron Tyren's guards. He held a long spear, pointed straight up into the air with its butt end resting easily on the stone floor.

He was a very nervous young man, exceptionally high strung and tense. As if he would snap at the first cross word spoken to him. But perhaps this was warranted. After all, it was the first chance he'd been given to act as the keep's lookout guard. So, quite naturally, he felt rather nervous and wanted to do the best job he possibly could. 

His gaze whipped about from one side to the other so quickly that even if anyone was approaching the keep it would have been unlikely for him to have spotted them.

The young guard took a deep breath to calm his unnecessarily extreme nervousness. He removed his helmet and ran an arm over his slightly sweaty brow, revealing his unusually short-cropped hairstyle. Admittedly, the members of Tyren's guards were supposed to keep their hair neat and well-groomed, but this was taking it to a new level. His hair was cut so close in the back, it looked to have actually been shaved down to the scalp while the hair on the top of his head was cropped down to less than a fingers breadth in length. Over all, an unusual style for an unusual person.

There suddenly came the deep, guttural sound of a man clearing his throat from behind the young guard. Immediately the lad snapped to attention, his helmet tumbling to the floor with a loud clatter. The boy winced at the sound, embarrassed.

The Captain of the Guard, Lord Aeros, stepped next to the young guard. "At ease, soldier," he said with a casual, if slightly strained smile. The young man slipped into the customary at ease position and mentally prayed that he wouldn't be reprimanded for not paying attention at his post.

Aeros laughed. "Please, son," he said with a pointed glance. "There's no need to be so formal. I've been a friend of your father William for many years." He pulled a bottle out from behind his back and offered it to the young man. "Here, have a drink. It's chilly out tonight and this'll help keep you warm."

The young guard stared at his superior incredulously. "B-b-b-but Sir!" he stammered. "It's against regulations for a guard to be imbibing at his post. It says so in our Rules and Regulations! Section fourteen, paragraph three!"

Aeros glanced sideways at the guard before him. He took a brief pull from the bottle and winced at its potency. "You have trouble sleeping at nights or something Mikhall? Hell, I wrote those regulations and even I couldn't have told you that."

Mikhall shrugged his shoulders, still nervous but slowly loosening up. "I just enjoy reading sir."

Aeros passed him the bottle. "Wonderful. Have a drink. And don't start twitching out on me. I wrote the regulations and I can change them. Understood?"

Mikhall's head cocked swiftly upwards on a very odd angle. He twisted his arm about in a brief snapping motion to throw back his sleeve into a more comfortable position. "Twitch out, sir?" he asked in confusion, unconsciously flicking his wrist.

Aeros just shook his head slowly. "Never mind, lad." he said with a sigh. "Drink up."

Mikhall raised the bottle to his lips, his superior had all but ordered him to after all, and took a ridiculously long pull of the strong dwarven ale. It burned painfully all the way down his throat to rest uncomfortably in his almost empty stomach.

Aeros smiled. "There's a lad," he said as he cast a casual gaze over the side of the lookout and into the courtyard below.

*

Tasha was beginning to get angry.

She and Garn had been hiding in the shadows beneath the lookout tower for far longer than they should have been. All of her doubts about Hal suddenly came back with a vengeance. But Garn had managed to convince her that Hal would be a bigger help going along with them than he would be as a member of the hunting party her father would send after them.

Nevertheless, Tasha thought sourly. If he doesn't show up in the next minute or so I'm heading out without him!

"Tell me again how big a help Hal is going to be," Tasha whispered sarcastically to the young mage.

Garnthalisbain eyed her coolly, keeping his thoughts to himself. Even then, he wasn't willing to admit that he might have made a mistake. Then he shrugged, as if to say that it didn't really matter to him.

Another long, quiet minute passed by. Then another. After the third, Tasha rose to her feet, unable to wait any longer. "That's it," she muttered under her breath. "You coming or what?" she asked as she crept almost soundlessly over to the side wall. On the other side was the short path that would be leading them through her father's vineyards. The mage shrugged once again and, after carefully retrieving his several bags of belongings, rose to follow her.

The wall was roughly twenty feet high and mortared out of solid stone with nothing resembling a handhold readily available. Not for the first time, Tasha was suddenly uncertain that this was what she wanted to be doing. It also occurred to her that she might have actually wanted to plan things out a little bit better than she had up to this point.

I can't believe I forgot to bring a rope.

"Sorry I'm late," whispered a soft baritone voice from directly behind her. Tasha started violently and just managed to keep from screaming in shock. She spun about and found herself staring into the barrel chest of an exceptionally tall man.

Tasha took a step back and launched a punch at the big man. "Where have you been?" she hissed angrily at Hal, who made absolutely no move to block the blow that bounced harmlessly off of his solid upper body.

"Again milady, I apologize. I was... I got here as soon as I could.". Hal was simply dressed, wearing his normal ragtag outfit with his vest open in the front. His trademark ratty pants and drawstring sandals were in place as well. He had a pack slung over one massive shoulder and he carried a well wrapped, meter long parcel in one hand. His battle axe rested against one hip, hanging from his belt.

"So, what's the hold up?" Hal asked politely, blinking as Tasha glared at him.

Garn snickered childishly. "It seems that our great leader here didn't consider that we might need to get over this wall if we want to leave the keep."

Hal looked twenty feet up to the top of the wall and had to agree with the mage. Silently though. Tasha glared fiercely at the mage in a futile attempt to quiet him. Garn spitefully snickered again, not really caring one way or the other by that time. 

"Couldn't we just go out the front gate, milady?" Hal asked.

Tasha huffed impatiently. "No, Hal," she explained for what felt like the thirtieth time that day. "If we go out through the front gate we'll have to tell the guards where we're going, and I don't want to have to do that." she hissed, biting off each word with intensity. "Now, are there any other questions you'd like to ask me again? Because if not, we should probably get going." Tasha turned back to the wall with a puff of breath and stared at it in frustration, as if willing it to vanish of its own accord. 

Garn looked at the two of his friends and thought about snickering once again. But, after catching the dangerous look in Tasha's eyes, prudently decided against it.

Hal looked down at the wrapped parcel that he held in one hand and hefted it once or twice. It appeared to be quite weighty as it smacked into his palm.

Tasha regarded the large man narrowly. "What are you doing now?" she whispered.

Without saying a word, Hal grasped the parcel in both hands and, with a mighty heave, hurled it into the air. Tasha watched in amazement as the oblong object sailed easily over the top of the wall, clearing it by a good ten feet. A second or two later there came a muffled thump as the parcel struck the ground on the far side of the wall. 

Tasha was almost beside herself. "What did you do that for?" she hissed frantically.

Hal suddenly looked embarrassed. "Well...  " he began uncertainly. "I guess, umm... . You see, that thing in the blankets weighs about sixty or so pounds. And...  I figured if I could toss it far enough over the wall that...  I might be able to... " He trailed off feeling too foolish to go on.

Garn was unable to stop himself from snickering again. Tasha however, was completely beside herself. "There is no way," she stated matter-of-factly. "That I am going to allow you to even attempt to throw me over that wall. None! You hear me?"

Hal hung his head. "Yes, milady...  It was just an idea."

Tasha was about to continue her tirade but stopped when it hit her. It was an idea. And it came from Hal!

Admittedly, it wasn't a terribly good idea. But it was a start.

"Are we quite done here children?" asked the harshly sarcastic voice of the mage as he recovered from his momentary hilarity. "Or are you both going to stand there all night, wasting the precious little time we have, bickering over a moot point?" Both Hal and Tasha glanced at each other weakly for a brief second as Garn went on. "Now, in order to go over the wall, we'll need some rope." He then reached under his robe and withdrew approximately fifty feet of sturdy, rawhide rope. "Any questions?"

Tasha was astonished. "Why didn't you tell me you had that?" she asked accusingly.

"You didn't ask," he bluntly retorted. "Besides, if anyone's going to do the thinking around here, it's probably going to be me. Now let's get going before we lose our escape window." He began to unravel the rope, revealing a grappling hook on one end. "Shall we?" he asked, offering the rope to Hal.

"You and I are going to talk later," Tasha threatened the young mage.

"Promises, promises."

Hal took the rope from Garn and inspected it carefully. Satisfied that it would hold their weight, he pulled on his work gloves. As the other two backed away, he began to swing the grapple in a circle. When he felt that it had built up enough momentum, he let it fly.

The hook sailed easily over the wall, trailing the fluttering rope along behind it. After hearing it hit the ground on the far side of the wall, Hall started to reel it back in. It made a quiet, scraping noise as it slid up the side of the wall, searching for a place to stick to. Finally, near the top of the wall, it caught. Hall tugged on it mightily for a moment or two to secure it, then motioned for Tasha to go first.

She took the rope from the big man wordlessly and began to ascend with a fair display of agility. When she was halfway up, Hal motioned for the mage to follow along behind her. Garn shook his head minutely. "No thanks. I'll watch your back and go last." Strangely, Hal noticed Garn playing with a goose feather, twirling it with the fingers of one hand as he spoke.

But he shrugged it off, not particularly caring at the moment, and ascended the rope. 

Hal heard the mage whisper softly beneath him but thought nothing of it as he continued to climb. He was slightly relieved to see Tasha reach the top without incident and look down in surprise. Hal was even more surprised as he watched the mage casually float past him with a snarky smile on his thin lips. Garnthalisbain continued to soar up to the top of the wall and hover above it, his robes flowing about his frail form in the gentle breeze.

Hal muttered a brief curse under his breath and continued up the wall.

After reaching the top of the wall, Hal gathered up the rope and let it fall down to the other side, just next to an animal trough. Holding his end of the rope firmly in both hands, Hal motioned for his friends to head down.

Garn snickered again and took a step out into the open air. Without a sound he floated down to the earth below. Tasha took up the rope and descended, hand under hand. 

Hal's allowed his gaze to wander up to the lookout tower, trying to see if anyone was taking note of their escape. He could dimly make out the silhouette of two people, men presumably. They seemed to be drinking and having a good time. He could even faintly hear them laughing in the distance. 

For a brief second Hal's mind wandered to the last conversation he'd had with Aeros. More than anything, the big man wished that he could back there and properly say farewell to his surrogate father. But he had the feeling that he'd never get the chance.

A fervent tug on the rope suddenly drew Hal out of his reverie created a new predicament. The rope and hook fell harmlessly to the ground as Hal's arms wind milled back and forth in large circles. Desperately, Hal tried to regain his balance, throwing his weight backwards and forwards as the instant warranted. Realizing that he was about to pitch headlong to the stone floor of the courtyard, Hal twisted his body and lurched heavily in the opposite direction...  

And thus, Hal fell from the wall.

Hal executed a complete somersault through the air as he plummeted. His arms were flapping like some over muscled, featherless bird as tried to right himself. He had almost completed a second spin before landing face first into the full animal trough with a loud splash and a strangled yelp of fear.

Garn clapped one hand over his mouth and dropped to both knees in the turf, trying with all of his might to keep from bursting out into laughter. As it was, his thin shoulders shook severely and several strangled chuckles managed to escape his lips.

Tasha took a step forward to assist the large man but stopped when he managed to push himself out of the trough under his own power. He was soaked from head to toe and his hair hung wetly over his face like some over-used mop. Pushing his hair away, Tasha saw the completely dazed expression on the big man's face and the way his eyes couldn't seem to focus on anything. In fact they seemed to be almost rolling around in their sockets aimlessly.

Then, despite all of her anger at his being late. Despite the uncontrollable problem she'd had in his dream and every other absolutely putrid thing that had happened that day, Tasha, too, began to chuckle slightly. "Oh, Hal" she muttered sympathetically, pushing the remaining strands of hair out of his face.

Hal spat out a long stream of water and said nothing.

*

"What wash that?" Blurted out a very intoxicated Mikhall as he lurched over to the side of the tower and stared blankly into the courtyard.

Aeros, who was nowhere near as drunk as he was pretending to be, quickly stepped next to the young man and pulled him away from the tower's ledge. "You know shomthin'," he slurred heavily. "I think you're drunk! 'Cause I din' hear nothin'." Aeros then took another imaginary pull from the bottle and smacked his lips noisily. He glanced at Mikhall with an appropriately approving look before declaring, "You're drunk!" once again.

Mikhall staggered away from his superior officer with a curious expression. "But, I could've shworn..."

"Hey! No shwearin' on duty. Or I'll put'choo on report, mithter." Aeros said stabbing Mikhall in the chest with his finger.

The young man lurched back as if mortally wounded. "On no," he hiccuped. "Anything but that!"

They both fell into gales of laughter. Mikhall snatching the bottle away from Aeros as they did so.

Mikhall then made a serious attempt to inhale the remaining dwarven ale in one long pull, succeeding mainly in spilling most of it down the front of his dress uniform. Nevertheless, when finished, he stood up very straight, very suddenly as the alcohol slammed into his system at full speed. His head lolled from side to side while the empty bottle fell to the floor with a clatter, forgotten. Mikhall opened his mouth to say something but cut himself off with a very long and disgusting belch. Mikhall's eyes rolled back in his head until only the whites were showing before he pitched forward, landing face first on the stone floor of the lookout tower.

Aeros knelt next to the young man to make sure that he was still breathing. Then, smiling slightly, he placed the bottle in Mikhall's hand and casually walked away. 

*

The twin moons, high overhead, gave ample light to the three sprinting figures upon the earth below as their beams caressed the midnight sky. Garnthalisbain fiercely concentrated on them as he ran. Anything to take his mind off of the incredible strain that he was putting on his fragile body.

He considered the green moon and the rumors and hypothesis surrounding it. Was it truly a living place? Did the Gods Above truly live there, assuming it for their home as they watched the realm below with ample amusement. In his mind's eye, Garn imagined the lush expanses of forests, long grasslands and the silvery waterfalls that he hoped to one day find there.

Observing the golden moon he frowned in uncertainty. There was no one theory surrounding it that the young mage could bring himself to agree with. Some said that it also served as a home to the Gods, yet it was so much smaller and seemed so cold in appearance. A great many people believed it to be filled with precious metals and the like, thus explaining its golden luster. Still another theory suggested that it was the home to dragons and that it was golden because it served as one humongous treasure horde. Garn tended to disregard that last one as a pure fairy tale told to small children. Who would believe in dragons anyway? he thought bemusedly.

In the lead, the bounding shape of Hal seemed to glide through the myriad passages of the Grove. He casually slid by overgrown vines and bushes while quietly pointing out the sharp thorns and branches of the vegetation, which, despite the warnings, Garn seemed to continually find his robes caught on.

Tasha was next, gracefully following Hal's every move with an agility that Garn was innately envious of as he staggered along at the rear. His breath came in wheezing gasps and his meager strength flagged dangerously as he pushed himself to exhaustion.

Finally, after almost twenty minutes of straight running, they reached the small fence at the end of the Grove. Hal brought them to a halt and Garn thankfully dropped to the ground in a heap, breathing in as much of the cool air as he could. His heart was hammering like a rabbit and sweat fountained down his brow.

Tasha knelt next to him, obviously concerned. "Are you all right?" she asked between gasps of breath. Garn absently noticed the light of the golden moon glistening off of her sweaty brow.

"I'll live," the mage croaked. He coughed harshly and solidly, spitting out a gooey gobbit of phlegm into one of the nearby bushes.

Hal stood off to one side, his chest hardly heaving at all. The only dampness on his forehead was merely the remaining water from his recent dunking in the trough. His hair, still wet, hung down the back of his neck reaching down past his shoulders with ease. In his right hand he held the wrapped parcel and was peering at it curiously.

"What is that thing anyway?" Tasha asked.

Hal shrugged. "I dunno," he answered blankly.

Tasha pursed her lips and held back from making a witty comment.

Garn felt no such restrictions. "Well then open it and find out you moron!"

Hal looked back at the mage abashedly and began to unwrap the parcel with his large and ungainly fingers. The object was covered by several layers of thick, gray blankets and it took some time for him to remove them. Detangling the wider end first revealed an elegantly shaped and designed crosspiece. Hal gasped in surprise and grasped the cord wound handle with one meaty hand, leaving more than enough room for his second hand, and withdrew the rest of the weapon.

The sword rested in its engraved, navy-blue, leather sheathe. Letting the wrappings drop to the ground, Hal took hold of the sheathe and slowly slid the weapon free. The ebon blade gleamed in the golden moonlight blissfully. It was a magnificent looking weapon, made for an elegant and powerful bearer.

Tasha stepped next to Hal and marveled at the weapon. Hal took a few tentative, clumsy looking swings before sliding it back into the scabbard. "Do you even know how to use one of those things?" she asked nervously. "I've never seen you use anything but your axe before."

Hal shrugged his huge shoulders and flushed slightly. "Sort of," he admitted slowly. "I've just never...  been very good with a sword." He regarded the magnificent belt that came with the weapon. "I feel ashamed to think that Aeros would even...  think of giving me this." Seeing Tasha and Garn's confused looks, he explained. "Aeros won this years ago at a tournament. He's only shown it to me once before and told me its name." Hal then took an uncharacteristic, dramatic pause. "Stormbringer," he whispered almost reverently.

Garn felt a wave of energy pass over him at the mention of the sword's name and shuddered. Without even examining the blade up close, he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that it was somehow magically enchanted.

Hal proceeded to belt the magnificent weapon about his waist, hanging it on the opposite hip from his axe. "Think I'll stick with what I know best, though," he muttered, patting his half-moon bladed axe reassuringly.

Tasha cleared her throat and looked over at the relatively safe cover of the trees. "We should get moving," she said.

The young mage shook his head fervently. "Not yet." He went on after taking a very deep breath. "I really need to rest a bit longer."

Tasha gazed at her friend uncertainly. "Are you going to be all right?"

The mage shrugged. "I hope so."

Hal regarded the both of them carefully, not wanting to look the fool yet again, but knew that he didn't have much choice. "Whenever we get going, we've got to be careful. Going through a forest, night or day, can be danger...  dangoru... " He paused to take a deep and embarrassed breath, clearing his throat. "There're a lot of hungry animals out there at all times of day. And we've gotta keep our eyes open for thieves and highw...  hiaghu... " Hal flushed a deep red as Tasha watched him with a look of surprise in her full amber eyes. He and quickly went on. "But, we've got to go into the forest tonight and get quite a ways through it before sunrise or we'll be found by your father's soldiers too fast."

"But, I need to rest." The mage was still gasping for breath.

Hal looked down at his friend nervously. "If I have to, Garn...  I can carry you... " Seeing the sudden dark flash in the mage's eyes, Hal swiftly reiterated, "But that's only if I have to." Garn nodded in approval. Looking up into the night sky, Hal seemed to be judging something. "We should go on for another hour or so before we take a rest." Turning back to Tasha, Hal seemed to remember himself and became flustered. "That's only if you want to, milady?"

Tasha said nothing for a moment. She just stood and regarded the normally oafish individual before her, spouting good sense for the first time since she'd know him. Realizing that a question had been sent her way, Tasha started and nodded her head. "No. That sounds fine, Hal. Just fine."

It was Hal's turn to look surprised, and he did an excellent job of it. 

Then, realizing that they were all just standing there and not actually starting to move, Hal hauled the weakened mage up to his feet with one solid pull and started to dust him off. Annoyed, Garn smacked at the meaty hands and pushed him away, glowering at the big man.

"Shall we go, milady?" Hal asked.

Tasha turned to the mage for support. Garn sighed wearily. "This is hardly the time for second thoughts, Tasha. If we're going to go, let's just do it and get it over with." Tasha nodded her head resolutely. 

They scaled the short fence surrounding the Vineyard Grove and warily entered the Oakwood Dale with Hal in the lead and the others close behind.

*

It was well into the early hours of the morning. The air had chilled noticeably as the dawn approached while mist had already begun to settle peacefully next to the earth. Over the far horizon, the twin moons had halfway completed their descent. The sounds of the forest had quieted considerably, giving the awake Hal a welcome sense of lull and tranquility. 

With his back leaned against a large red pine and his axe resting loosely in his large hands, Hal let his gaze and his senses expand out into the fast fading night. He had readily volunteered to take the first watch and, after seeing the both of his friends fall directly to sleep after rolling up in their cloaks on the ground, decided to make it the full watch. He didn't mind. He had pulled many all-nighters in his time and consequently had little need for sleep.

Abruptly he yawned, his jaw creaking at the joints. Well, little need for very much sleep, Hal mentally amended with a wry grin.

It felt good to be out in the wild again, Hal decided. He had lived in the keep with Aeros for almost three years. Without a doubt, they were the three best years of his life and he hoped beyond all hope to one day return there. But even so, it did feel good to be back out in the world, away from it all. Which is only natural, Hal assumed, seeing as how he had spent the majority of his still young life on his own in the forests of the world.

Closing his eyes and concentrating, Hal heard the sounds of the night leaping from their distant hiding places to his ears. The song of an early bird chirping to its young, preparing them for their flight to warmer climates. The burbling sound of a small river or tributary off in the distance. The very air itself, whistling through the branches and between the trees. 

Opening his eyes, Hal found his gaze automatically upon Lady Tasha's slender, gently slumbering form. He saw the way she squeezed her eyes shut and flinched every few moments and assumed that she was having a bad dream. Hal wished that there was some way that he could soothe or comfort her without waking her up and then feeling tremendously foolish.

If wishes were fishes, he mentally quoted, then stumbled as he tried to finish it off correctly. The world would be... full of fish. 

Hal was suddenly very glad he hadn't tried to voice that rather brilliant comment.

Still, he was unable to stop watching Tasha as she shifted uncomfortably in her sleep. Oh, how he wanted to...  What? he asked himself sarcastically. Take her up in your arms and tell her that it'll all be okay...  that you'll always be there to protect her? He shook his head ruefully. Then, after she laughed in your face, you'd probably make some stupid comment or stutter like an...  an oaf, for a while.

Hal shook his head and tried to forestall the headache he felt coming on. I really gotta stop talking to myself. 

There was suddenly something wrong. Hal blinked his eyes to clear away the fuzziness he was experiencing. He had heard or seen nothing out of the ordinary...  yet there was an unusual scent in the air. Slowly, Hal pushed away from the tree and up to his feet, hefting his axe. Turning in the direction of the feeling, Hal felt the hackles on the back of his neck rising up.

Over in the underbrush he saw a slitted pair of large golden eyes glowing back at him. Hal sniffed subtly at the air, trying to determine what was familiar in the creature's scent. He was almost certain that it was some sort of feline, but it didn't smell like one that was native to this area. Hal shifted his hands on the axe until he had a comfortable, two-handed grip on its haft.

Without warning, the beast leapt from the underbrush with a fierce yowl. It's fore-claws stretched out towards the flesh of Hal's torso while it's jaws were wide and angling for his neck. Flecks of foam bubbled out of the beast's mouth and trailed along behind it along with an unhealthy amount of saliva. The large, yellow cat struck like lightning, soaring through the air in one powerful leap, a practiced predator against its prey.

But as fast as the cat was, Hal had anticipated the move. Ducking down and lithely side-stepping away, the tawny-colored cat sailed just inches past the large man's shoulder and snarled in frustration. That quickly turned into a cry of agony as Hal's gleaming axe completed a full, arcing circle and slammed down into the creature's extended back.

The beast crashed to the ground in a heap, the yowl now a whimper of pain. There was a large gash sliced deeply into its back, bright blood fountained out in a seemingly endless warm gush. Absently Hal noticed steam rising from the body due to the night's chill. Tasha's scream of terror echoed off into the night, completely drowning out Garn's heartfelt curses.

The cat twitched on the ground in agony, crying at the pain. Hal, pitying the poor mad beast, raised his axe once again and brought it down thunderously. The sharp blade cleaved clean through its head and drove into the ground below. The cat twitched one last time before laying still.

Tasha turned away from the vicious sight and retched noisily.

Hal yanked his axe from the turf and wiped the blade clean on the beast's fur. Garn stepped up next to him and clinically examined the carnage. "Rabid?" he asked, gesturing towards the foam. 

"Yep," answered Hal. "I wondered at first why a mountain lion would be so far out of its natural territory...  That explains it. The rest of his pack must have...  noted his illness and forced him to leave." Hal sighed sorrowfully as he looked at the cat. "And then he found us."

"A pity," the mage said.

"Yep."

The mage thought a moment longer. "If the creature was rabid, then there may be more like him nearby," he stated.

Hal nodded. "Yep. We'd better go help Lady Tasha and be on our way."

"Think we'll make it to Milton by daybreak?" Garn asked.

Hal shrugged. "As long as we're out of there before noon, we should be all right."

Both men nodded and went to assist Tasha.

By daybreak that day, the three of them had purchased ample supplies and adequate mounts and were on their way out of Milton by midmorning. As they passed by the fountain in the center of town, Hal gave it an angry glance, as if blaming it for his previous misfortune. Garn smirked obviously but, said absolutely. Tasha would have made a comment she but was still a bit green from her earlier bout of vomiting and was hardly up for any brevity.

By noon, they were well on their way to Wayfarer's Port.

*

Mikhall, the nervous young man on guard that night, woke up to the sun blaring brightly in his bleary eyes; a blistering headache; and the feel of someone shaking him roughly awake.

The next thing that he knew, Mikhall was slapped with a severe reprimand for being intoxicated and unconscious at his post. On top of that was a separate charge for sheer negligence of his duties. When questioned about the incident later, the young guard was forced to claim sheer ignorance, having no recollection of even making it to his post that night. The only comment that he was able to make was:

"It's not my fault! No, really! It's not!"

Chapter 6 - The Crimson Bloodied-Fist

Tasha awoke with a start. A cold sweat was covering her brow and her hands trembled in the aftershock of her nightmare.

Hal, quickly noting his Lady's discomfort, abruptly reined in his steed and fell back in line to pace with Tasha's mount. Garnthalisbain, deeply immersed in his study of a leather-bound tome, looked up slowly, concern starting to crease his features.

"Are you all right, milady?" Hal asked worriedly in his low baritone voice. He took a hold of her steed's reins to control her mount as Tasha wrapped herself in her cloak, fighting against a sudden chill.

They had been on the road for close to a week since their departure from the Vineyard Grove. Since then it was more than apparent that autumn was fading. The temperature had dropped considerably and the winds had picked up, forcing the three friends to don their heavier cloaks earlier than expected. Most of the trees had shed their summers’ burden of leaves, consequently covering the road with a solid foot of dried out, orange and brown vegetation.

By Garn's understanding of their withered old map, (but more from the information Tasha had gleaned from people they had met on the road) they guessed that they would reach Wayfarer's Port by sundown that very day. From there, they would book passage on the next ship heading across the Inner Sea. And then, sooner than Tasha was ready for, Southmoor.

Hal coaxed their mounts over to the side of the road to avoid congestion (though Garn strongly remarked on the foolishness of this, seeing as how there were no other travelers within sight in either direction) and assisted Tasha down from her saddle. For once, she didn't complain and was actually glad for the help. Gently, Hal sat her down on the leaf strewn turf and leaned her up against a barren highoak tree. 

Garn knelt on her other side and produced a small vial from one of his many pouches. Deftly he removed the cork and waved it in her face a time or two, a thin stream of white vapor drifting out. Tasha's nostrils flared hugely and she coughed, turning away from the mage swiftly. Hal looked curiously at his frail companion with a questioning glance as Garn stoppered the vial and tucked it away. Seeing Hal's gaze he quickly explained. 

"Don't worry, big guy. It's just a mixture of smelling salts. It should have cleared her senses up by now."

Hal wasn't really concerned. He trusted Garn and was fairly certain that he wouldn't deliberately hurt Tasha. And besides, Tasha had chosen to press her face against Hal's chest and huddle away from Garn until the odor faded away. As modest and noble as he tried to be, Hal couldn't bring himself to complain.

Within moments, Tasha had recovered her wits and realized that she was fervently clutching Hal. Flushing slightly, and still a bit wary about his intentions towards her, Tasha pushed away and tried not to notice the twinge it caused in the big man's eyes. Garn forced her to lean back against the tree trunk and relax.

"Just take a few deep breaths, give the salts enough time to work through your system." Garn smirked the way he always did but his eyes showed his concern.

After a couple more moments of deep breathing, Tasha nodded reassuringly and both young men backed off slightly. "What happened, Tash' ?" asked Garn. "Do you feel ill?"

Tasha shook her head softly and pressed one palm against her brow. "No, I'm not sick. I wish I was, but I'm not." She took a moment for another deep breath and looked into Garn's eyes. "I had another vision."

The young mage's eyes widened in surprise as sat down to the ground beside her. Hal looked to the two of them in confusion, still not truly understanding what was going on. "I didn't know that these things happened spontaneously, Tasha," Garn commented

Tasha rolled her liquid amber eyes up to the sky, absently noting that the sun was at its midday position. A faint rumble from her stomach reminded her that she hadn't eaten anything yet that day. Hal, being unusually perceptive, pulled out a piece of smoked beef from one of his side pouches and offered it to her. She took it gratefully and bit off a hunk of it before speaking. "It's not like I was overwhelmed by it or anything, Garn," she mumbled through a mouthful of beef. "I was stretching out with my thoughts, letting them just...  wander around. Back home mainly," she admitted, her eyes lowering to the ground slightly.

Garn made an impatient circular motion with his hand, indicating for her to get on with it. Hal reached out to make the mage stop but quickly snatched his hand back after receiving a dangerous look.

Running her fingers through her lengthy blonde hair, Tasha tried to explain. "I was trying to focus on my father. It was difficult at first, but after a while I was able to find him. I could tell that he was still exceptionally angry just from the way that I wasn't able to actually make contact with him." She took another bite of the beef before continuing. "Well, after realizing that I wasn't going to get anywhere with him, I decided to return...  here," she stated for lack of a better word. "And then it happened.”

"I was drawn, almost forcibly towards this cloud of gray mist. Like the last time, only last time I fell into it by accident it seemed." Her slender fingers began to tremble slightly again. Garn took one of her hands in both of his and surprised the both of his friends with his tenderness.

"This time was different you said? How different?" The mage tried to understand the feeling. "Did it feel like you were... I don't know, grabbed or something? Like you had to go there?"

Tasha thought about it for a moment before speaking, shaking her head slowly as she did so. "No. Not like that. I get the feeling that if I truly wanted to pull away I could have. It was sort of like, I knew I shouldn't go there, but I knew that there was something I needed to see. Kind of like when...  " She broke off suddenly and refused to look at Hal for several moments as she remembered the unfortunate incident the week before. 

Garn eyed her curiously for a moment but let it drop. "What exactly did you see? The woman and the cat?"

"No. It was the figure...  Xir." She took another slow, deep breath. "He was leaning against his staff, the metallic one that glowed crimson."

"Leaning?" Garn asked.

"Clutching would be a better word. Like he would die without it. At any rate, he began to lash out at the mist with beams and beams of energy." Tasha shook her head in profound awe. "I never thought that I would ever see such a profound display of power in my entire life."

Garn became exceedingly anxious. "The mist didn't part, did it?"

Tasha looked at her friend strangely. "No, not at all. The mist held tenaciously, fighting back against the energies." Garn breathed an immense sigh of relief. "That's when I got scared." The mage's eyes narrowed nervously as she searched for words. "Xir began to, I don't know, throttle the staff. Shaking it and screaming in fury. The staff seemed to glow even more brightly. Almost luminously." She faltered.

Garn leaned in slightly. "Then what?"

Her hands groped in front of her helplessly, searchingly. "There seemed to be... a tearing feeling. I can't explain it any better than that. It was as if something that was a part of me, but not a part of me at the same time, was being yanked on by a stampede of wild horses. Stretching to its breaking point but not letting it go." She gave up. "I can't explain it any better than that." She shuddered. "I don't think I've ever been so scared in my entire life. 

Hal cleared his throat uncomfortably. Tasha, glancing at him for the first time in minutes, felt a pang of sorrow at the confused expression on the big man's face. She had tried to explain to him what they were doing and why right at the beginning. But, after a frustrating half hour, Hal stood up and politely declared that it wasn't necessary for him to know what was going on, so long as he told where to go and what to do. At the time Tasha had agreed, for she was still upset at Hal over the incident with her father. But after seeing the completely puzzled expression on his face... 

"Uhm, we should get moving, milady." Hal said, extending his hand to her with a surprising amount of grace. Even more surprising was her willingness to accept it. Gently, the powerful man helped her to her feet before offering his hand to Garn. The young mage sneered at the hand and got up under his own power, though his back cracked ferociously as he did so.

"Will you be able to ride, milady? I can steer your mount if you'd like?" said Hal as he assisted her up into her saddle.

"Thank you, Hal," Tasha said politely, surprising herself and catching a strange look form Garn. "I should be able to handle it myself, but I'll let you know if I need any help."

If she'd thought Garn had looked at her curiously, there was no word to define the expression on Hal's face. Struggling, he was able to partially mask it. With a polite nod of his head and a whispered, “As you wish, milady," Hal effortlessly flung himself up onto his mount. Tasha noticed him taking an unconscious account of his weapons and their locations, knowing that it was the most important thing that he needed to know in case of trouble, before nudging his steed forward.

Tasha smiled slightly at her ability to so easily fluster the big man. As they set out once again, Tasha mulled over that thought. After a few moments, she realized that while Hal, was easily a man in stature and frame, intellectually he was like a child. 

It was just the little things about him that, if you knew of them in advance, made it almost glaringly obvious. His hair, for example, was long and hopelessly unkempt. Always in an impossible tangle on the top of his head. He didn't care about it and it was comfortable so he left it alone. Garn, on the other hand, made his hair his main passion after magic. Or at least it seemed that way to Tasha. 

The way he dressed was another good example. Hal’s clothes were little more than patchwork, random material held together with string and lots of luck. His open toed sandals; the legs straps were knotted together so badly that one would be uncertain as to where one began and the other ended.

Just the little things, Tasha thought again. And then she remembered the most important point of them all. Hal wore all of his emotions out on his sleeve for the whole world to see and make fun of. He continually attempted a stony gaze, expressionless and uncaring. He had almost perfected it in fact. But he couldn't keep it up for any length of time worth mentioning. Every time that Tasha smiled at Hal, his whole face just seemed to light up. And vice versa if she said a cross word to him. Thinking of all the times that she had done just that during the past week made her twinge with guilt. 

Also, she came to finally understand why the men in her father's guards took such advantage of Hal. Basically, it was because he let them. Like any young child being pushed around by a bully, he put his head down and mutely accepted what was being done to him, all the time hoping that it would end soon. 

It all made sense now that Tasha thought about it. Hal wasn't even all that old to begin with. His age was guessed at nineteen, but now looking at the evidence before her she would guess even younger than that. Maybe seventeen, or even as low as sixteen (though Tasha highly doubted that, Hal was just too large). 

She watched Hal's large form as it rode ahead of her, bobbing slightly up and down upon his steed. His gaze swept across both sides of the rode piercingly, trying to see everything at once. Tasha smiled at his back, noting that he tossed glances over his shoulder every once in a while to make sure that his companions were still following along behind him.

Tasha wondered why she suddenly seemed to have forgiven Hal after being so rude to him for so long. As she thought about it, Tasha knew that she couldn't really blame Hal for what happened when she fell into his dream. It was mainly just the shock to find that he was dreaming about her, she was more surprised than truly angry. And after seeing that it could have happened with anybody, Tasha came to the conclusion that there was no possible way that she could truly be upset with him.

Besides, Tasha couldn't deny being flattered at the idea of being the object of someone's dreams. It was practically the highest compliment that anyone could pay to someone else. And a hundred times more eloquent than anything anyone could say. What words could be spoken to compare with sheer, emotional transfer.

So Tasha kept on smiling, now glad to have had the vision. It had allowed her to come to grips with one of her concerns and get it out of the way, enabling her to concentrate on more pressing matters.

Like, what they were going to do when they got to Southmoor.

Tasha could just feel the headache coming on.

*

The sun was just beginning its descent high overhead, breaking through the cloud cover and lighting the sky in wonderful pinkish hues. 

The prisoner could have cared less.

He sprinted through the trees as quickly as he could, his breath coming in short painful gasps. Sweat cascaded down his lean, muscular body as he ran. Not so distantly behind him, the prisoner could hear the crashing sounds of his pursuers. Their oaths and muffled curses accompanied by the whinny of their lathered horses.

He limped with every leaping stride, another factor to slow him down as he ran along. An unhealed gash along his leg had torn through its scab and blood flowed freely down his bare leg to trickle over his toes. An annoyance, but one that he could do nothing about at the moment.

An arrow buzzed by, passing within inches of his head. He reflexively lurched to the side and tumbled to the earth, rolling uncontrollably until he collided with a thorn bush. Cursing floridly beneath his breath at the prickly new wounds along his obviously tortured back, the prisoner lurched to his feet and began anew. Stride after painful stride. Seeking escape.

More arrows zinged past him. But he was prepared for them and did not fall a second time, even when one sliced across his ribs. He ignored the new wound, experienced in dealing with injuries far worse, and continued to run. Fresh blood oozed out of the wound and mingled with the sweat that had begun to add fresh stains on his dark patterned kilt.

Ahead he could just about see a road. It was hard to tell, but it appeared to be within a hundred meters or so. He cursed his luck. He had been hoping for a river or a cliff or something he could use to his advantage as a hiding place. All the road offered to him was open space. Something more suited to his mounted pursuers than himself on foot.

He began to pray to whatever Gods were listening. Begging, for the first time in his whole life, for some measure of assistance.

He broke through the underbrush and stumbled onto the road.

*

A sudden, cold wind slid beneath their warm cloaks and settled in with a chill that sank to the marrow of their bones. At least that's how it felt to Garnthalisbain. 

The mage coughed on frequent occasion, his chest heaving with the strain of breathing in the cold air. Never, during his whole sheltered life, had he spent so much time out of doors at one stretch. Garn was seriously beginning to regret his eager decision to accompany Tasha on her journey. But he could no more have turned away from it than Hal could have, though only Garn was aware of that.

Tasha turned in her saddle to make certain that her friend was all right. Garn noted that her eyes had begun to swell up from the chill winds. She offered a feeble smile of reassurance and turned back around to face the road ahead. The mage would have laughed if he had the strength. Tasha looked about as bad as he felt, but he was certain that she was bearing up under it much better than he could ever hope to.

In the lead, Hal seemed to stoically bear the chill without complaint or any obvious difficulty that he could scrutinize. And, for what was the first time in his life, Garn felt the slightest twinge of envy for the large man, for his strength and endurance. More than anything, Garn wished to experience what it felt like to be as physically powerful as Hal was. Just for five minutes, that's all he would ask for. Just five minutes.

The brooding mage shook that errant and useless thought from his mind and concentrated on his abilities. Real power. He closed his eyes and reached out to touch just a fraction of the energies that were his to wield and use and felt a warmth slide through his frail form to replace the chill. Garn sighed in relief, berating himself for not having done that earlier.

When he opened his eyes again, he saw Hal bring their little caravan to a halt. The big man peered off intently into the underbrush on the right side of the road, his eyes flashing a sharp shade of gray in the dim light. Both Garn and Tasha followed his gaze into the trees but could see nothing of importance.

Tasha pulled her horse alongside Hal's and peered at him curiously. "Why are we stopping?" she asked.

Hal pressed one of his fingers to his lips and glanced at her pleadingly, silently asking her to remain quiet. Garn stared off into the bushes again and did see some movement this time. And, listening intently, he was able to make out the sound of leaves being crunched and twigs snapping. 

Tasha looked nervous. "Is someone coming?" she asked, one hand unconsciously grabbing at Hal's powerful forearm. Hal nodded his head silently and waited, his other hand straying slightly to the axe at his belt, not even considering the sword tied to his saddle.

Still listening, Garn decided that there were more people out in the trees than he had originally suspected. How many and how far away were hard to tell for the bushes had grown very dark with the sun sliding in and out of the clouds.

The big man slid his axe from his belt loop with one fluid motion and abruptly pulled his arm free of Tasha's grip, motioning for her to move back towards the mage. Surprised by the sudden movements, Tasha automatically complied. 

Her horse had yet to take a step when a barbaric figure exploded from the underbrush and stumbled onto the beaten road. Hal raised up his axe, ready to strike while Tasha screamed in sudden fright. The man, obviously beaten and disheveled, jumped at the piercing sound of the lady's scream and stumbled again, collapsing to his back.

Hal urged his horse a step forward, concern etched across his face. The man scrambled away, unable to take his gaze off the gleaming axe in Hal's hand. 

Garn got his first real look at the man. He was reasonably tall, perhaps reaching six feet in height. He was lean, his arms and bare chest rippling with muscles. His hair was short cropped and wildly mussed up. Obviously he had been running for an exceedingly long time going by the sweat coating his flesh.. He appeared to be older than the three of them, perhaps in his middle thirties though it was difficult to say. 

Strange, blue-colored and circular tattoos were plastered over his chest and arms, giving him an almost demonic appearance. Then Garn realize that it wasn't the tattoos that made him look so, it was also the harsh whip and chain marks riddling his entire body. That, along with the heavily bleeding gash along his right leg and the bruised and bloodied features of his face added to his frightful appearance.

Garn's studies of foreign cultures informed him that the kilt the man wore suggested that the man was from the Clanlands across the Inner Sea. He struggled to rise to his feet, his striking yellow eyes flashing in alarm as they swung across to the brush at the side of the road. Garn followed his gaze.

Three mounted riders wearing identical uniforms left the tangling underbrush looking very much the worse for wear, but still in better shape than their hunt. The keltoi snarled in fury and tried to stagger away in a loping gait. The lead rider spurred his horse forward and was quickly followed by his associates. Off in the bushes, Garn saw at least four more riders following behind their comrades.

Hal's gaze was unreadable as he watched the three mounted men chase down the lone, haggard individual. His hand clenched tight about the haft of his axe, his knuckles turning white. Tasha, noting the tension in his frame looked up at him in alarm. "What are you thinking?"

Hal swung his now gray-eyed gaze away from the despicable scene and towards Tasha's. His mouth opened and closed a few times before he was able to express his thoughts. "I just...  I know that this isn't any of our...  concern." He winced as the keltoi cried out in pain after being struck to the ground. He all but glared at the remaining four horsemen as they exited the bushes. "I mean, I'm certain that the man broke some law, or something...  but...  that's just... " He looked away again and frowned.

Tasha rested a hand on Hal's forearm, trying to keep him from doing something rash. "I know, Hal." she said. "I know."

Garn frowned at the soldiers as they surrounded the keltoi. I happen to agree with you, big guy, he thought as he pulled alongside Hal, coughing softly. The three of them sat atop their mounts, regarding the scene as it unfolded before them.

The seven horsemen encircled the barbaric individual, beating on him from a distance with their clubs. The man snarled and clawed but was unable to get close enough to lash out at his assailants without being clubbed down. All three winced in sympathy as the keltoi finally dropped to his knees from sheer exhaustion. At that point, the leader of the pack slid from his horse and motioned for two of his henchmen to do the same. The henchmen slid to the ground and quickly restrained the still weakly struggling man.

The leader, a snide looking man with an impeccably well-trimmed goatee and an impressive cape that the rest of the men did not have, stepped up to the man and grabbed a handful of slick hair. He yanked the kelt's head back and forced him to look into his captor's eyes. The beaten man bared his teeth and growled weakly.

The leader smirked. "So, Bloodied-Fist," he began, laughing at the man's impotent fury. "You've lead us quite a chase. But, in the end, as I had predicted, I was your better. And now you're mine." He leaned forward to the tattooed man's face and smiled even wider. "You're mine...  again," he hissed.

The keltoi lurched forward, teeth snapping ferally and his forehead looking to smash the smile off the man's face. The leader lurched back in surprise and took a firmer grip on the back of the kelt's head, snapping a right hook across the helpless man's face. The head rocked, but he turned back to his captor and stared him directly in face. Snorting, the kelt contorted his face for a moment and spat a gooey gobbit of bloody phlegm directly into the leader's face.

The leader of the pack staggered back, cursing floridly. The henchmen grinned viciously as their enraged leader withdrew a long, double bladed dagger from his belt. The keltoi began to struggle with all of his might, writhing back and forth, straining for some leverage to break free. 

"I should kill you for that, Bloodied-Fist," hissed the leader, wiping away the spittle with his sleeve. "But you're worth nothing to me dead."

"The name," growled the individual, uttering the first words Garn had heard him say. "Is Lochlaven, y'bastard. An don' choo forget it." His accent was exceptionally thick, as much from the way his lips and cheeks were swollen as from any natural heritage. 

The leader advanced on the kelt. "I'll call you whatever I... "

"Hold!" cried out the indignant and haughty voice of Tasha, regally moving her steed forward. Hal, surprised, followed quickly behind her. Garn smirked in anticipation and kept pace with Hal, casually flexing the fingers on hand to get them loose. 

The leader turned away from his prisoner, appearing to realize that they were not alone on the road for the first time. His free hand clenched and unclenched nervously while his eyes regarded Hal's size and the immense battle-axe he carried. "This is no concern of yours," he began roughly. Trying to maintain some semblance of composure. "Move on your way and we won't make an issue of this little... " Hal raised his free hand and clenched it into a fist, casually cracking his knuckles in the near silence.

The mounted henchmen began to loosen their weapons from their sheathes. Tasha cut off the leader's next comment with one of her own. "Might I inquire as to the nature of the crime which this man must have committed? It must have been something horrid to require seven well-armed and mounted men to hunt him down."

The leader became exceedingly flustered at having to explain his actions. "He is an escaped prisoner and, more importantly, my property. Now, for your sake, move along. I reiterate, this is no concern of yours."

Hal growled deeply, the sound reverberated deep in his chest and sounding almost bestial. "The lady was speaking," he spoke in a voice that was almost a full octave deeper than his normal tone. "Wait your turn." And with that he folded his powerful arms, his silver axe now plainly visible for all to see. Garn focused his attention on the only henchman who carried a bow, his eyes glinting eagerly.

Tasha smiled down at the leader condescendingly. Then she swung her gaze towards the keltoi. "Is what he said true? Are you a slave?"

"Aye!" he shouted. "I ha' done nothin' wrong except escape a life o' hell an' torture, I swear't upon me honor!" He was punched across the face again by the leader who shouted for him to be silent.

Hal's eyes narrowed dangerously in outrage and looked eagerly to Tasha. She laid her hand on his forearm again, motioning for him to be patient. She looked back at the leader and was no longer smiling. "Good sir," she began, the icy sound of her voice unnerving the henchmen. "I suggest you leave this area right now and leave the man in our care."

The leader became belligerent, the knife shaking in his trembling hand. Though whether he was trembling from fear or anger was hard to tell. "And if I don't agree?"

Tasha turned her gaze to Hal who met it with a smile grin on his lips. Garn laughed harshly. "Figure it out for yourself, buddy. I'm sure that even one of your limited intelligence should be able to work it out without too much difficulty."

The leader continued to quiver while the captive man had begun to get a faint look of hope in his eyes. "Might I have your name, dear lady? So that I may know what to have inscribed upon your gravestone?"

Tasha forced a laugh. "I am Tasha Pellaren, of the Vineyard Grove. Daughter to Lord Tyren, Duke of the Oakwood Vale."

The leader nodded slightly. "I see. I've never gotten to kill a noblewoman before," he said ever so casually. Then he dove back among the ranks of his men, ordering them to the attack as he quickly mounted his horse. 

The archer swiftly drew back the string of his bow as Hal spurred his stallion forward, raising his axe in fury. The last three mounted henchmen drew their gleaming blades and readied themselves for battle while the prisoner struggled fiercely as he was dragged to the side by the two henchmen holding his arms. 

The archer drew a bead on Hal's exposed chest as Garnthalisbain uttered an arcane word and lashed out his arm. A bluish blast of energy shot from the extended fingers, streaking past the charging Hal and striking the archer solidly in the chest. The arrow fired harmlessly off into the trees as the bowman was flung from his mount, his uniform and face singed slightly from the sheer force of the magical missile.

Tasha drew her slender blade and advanced on the men dragging the prisoner behind them. The silver hilt gleamed brightly in the sunlight as she rode forward. One of the men released the keltoi and turned to face Tasha, simultaneously drawing his short sword. As they closed in on each other, Garn could see her tense up. This was her first real battle, after all. There would be no instructor to admonish her if she made a mistake this time. With a fearful scream on her lips, Tasha thrust out her blade and charged in.

The henchman easily beat her sword aside and stepped out of the way of the charging horse. Tasha, afraid of losing her grip on the blade, lurched to maintain her weak hold. Unfortunately, she overextended herself and tumbled out of her saddle, landing roughly on the turf. The henchman grinned eagerly and strode forward.

Garn wanted to cast something to help her out but was having trouble thinking of anything that wouldn't hurt her as well.

Hal rode his steed directly at the mounted henchman before him. A moment before impact, the big man got one of his legs beneath him so that his foot was braced on his saddle. Then, as Hal's steed plowed headlong into the henchman, knocking both horse and rider to the ground, Hal leapt from his saddle and into the air. The next henchman was so astonished at the sight of the immense flying man that he delayed in bringing his sword up to defend himself. 

Hal cleanly unhorsed his assailant, hooking his arm around the henchman's neck as he flew past. The rider was snapped abruptly out of his saddle, spinning uncontrollably before slamming headfirst to the solid turf and not moving again. Hal, on the other hand, turned his dive into a unique shoulder roll and regained his footing with ease.

Garn was so stunned that he completely forgot the spell that he was working on.

Tasha desperately tried to regain her footing as the swordsman as advanced on her. She appeared to have somehow twisted her ankle in her fall and was having some difficulty in standing. The swordsman laughed at the pathetic display before him and continued his advance, raising his sword up high. Garn cried out in alarm and started to spur his horse forward, all thoughts of a spell forgotten.

What happened next was difficult for Garn to explain, it just happened too quickly. There was a sudden growl of pure rage and then a flash of red and blue. The swordsman was tackled to the ground, his weapon knocked well into the bushes. Focusing his eyes, Garn recognized the tattooed, kilted prisoner straddling the henchman's chest, his knees pinning the man to the ground. Ferociously the kelt alternated thunderous blows to the swordsman's unprotected face. The man’s features were twisted in absolute fury, his eyes almost bulging out from their sockets. The punches were continually accompanied by the crackling sounds of shattering bones. Blood spurted out onto the turf and the man's face seemed to crumble under the furious onslaught that appeared to intend to continue long after the body had cooled and stiffened up. 

Sickened, Tasha swung her gaze away and gagged at the sight of the other henchman who had been holding the barbaric individual. Garn followed her gaze and felt ill himself. The corpse was propped up against a tree, both eyes gouged out of their sockets and one arm broken in a way that seemed impossible. The man's ribcage had been smashed in so badly that white bone protruded through the flesh and blood soaked down into the turf. Hearing the victorious sounds of the kelt behind her and taking note of the stench of both dead, fouled bodies, must have what pushed Tasha over the edge. She lowered her head and retched right there on the scene of the battle.

Garnthalisbain, feeling somewhat nauseous himself, turned to watch Hal in action. He had several spells right on the tip of his tongue but was completely unsure as to when to use one or how. Fortunately, Hal was more than capable of handling the situation himself.

The last mounted henchman came at Hal from behind as he dealt with the archer, slamming the haft of his axe brutally into the side of the bowman's face. The man was knocked back and away, spitting teeth and blood into the forest. His tumbling body plunged headlong into the trunk of a highoak before falling to the leafy ground, unconscious.

"Behind you!" Garn called out, at last deciding on a spell but then uncertain if Hal was too close to cast it safely. 

Hal pivoted, his axe swinging in a high, backhand arc. The blade managed to slice into the rider's extended sword arm, neatly severing the hand at the elbow. Blood gouted from the ugly wound and over Hal's face and chest as the man screamed, reeling back in his saddle. 

Completing his pivot, Hal turned aside the charging horse with a solid, roundhouse punch directly on the animal's jaw. The horse stumbled and uneasily trotted to the side, obviously dazed. Hal shook his hand out and grimaced at the sudden pain, blowing on his sore knuckles.

Unfortunately for the handless rider of the dizzy horse, he fell into the sightline of the still outraged barbarian warrior. The kilted one surged to his feet like an animal, hurdling over the crouched form of Tasha and charging headlong for the pain clouded rider. Hal moved forward, calling out for the man to stop. But the keltoi was beyond reason.

Reaching the steed, the disheveled warrior grabbed at the bridle with both hands and leapt into the air. Swinging himself up and around, he drove the heel of one foot crushingly under the jaw of the unsuspecting rider. The man was knocked clean off of his horse and landed flat to the turf on his back, the wind knocked completely out of him. The keltoi stood atop the saddle of the dazed horse and perched there for a moment or two, sizing up the distances. Then with a howl on his lips, he pounced like a tiger from his vantage point and down upon the helpless man, driving one knee solidly into the man's crotch.

The man sat up from the new pain, forgetting about his severed hand and tried to beat the barbarian away, splashing the kelt in his own blood. The kelt neither worried nor cared. He placed one hand on the back of the man's head and the other on his chin, tilting it back. Then, with one last snarl, he plunged downwards, chomping viciously on the man's larynx. Ripping and tearing with his teeth, blood trickling out from between his lips.

The man began to choke and gurgle in his death throes then dropped to the leaf strewn ground in a heap as the keltoi tore away from him, leaving a bloody gash where the man's throat had been. A psychotic look remained in the wounded, berserk kelt's eyes. It remained there even after he spat out the bloody gobbit of flesh that had been in his mouth.

Garn dropped from his horse and went over to comfort Tasha. Hal took it all in, completely shocked. Garn could hardly believe what he had just seen but was forced to. I really hope we're not making a mistake with this guy, the mage thought to himself warily.

Suddenly, the keltoi arched his back, howling in pain. He turned about to face his new assailant but the exertion of the day had finally caught up to him and he spun about, his eyes reeling, and collapsed face first to the ground. A dagger stuck out from his lower right side, quivering slightly.

Garn snapped his eyes forward and saw the leader of the henchmen galloping off into the bushes and not looking back. He was shouting some nonsense about vengeance that Garn couldn't make out. Regardless, the mage had had enough. Reaching out his arm, another bolt of bluish energy streaked from his fingertips towards the leader. It circled around to his front and hammered him directly in the chest. The leader fell to the ground in a heap.

Hal was beside him in a second, his axe held threateningly although tentatively. From the distance, Garn could see the reluctance in Hal's eyes. Despite what he'd just seen, Hal couldn't bring himself to out and out kill the man before him.

The leader crawled up to one knee, obviously trying to reason with Hal. Slowly, Hal's reluctance became more prominent and his axe slipped a bit in his grip. Garn's heart leapt into his throat as the leader slipped a knife from one boot and arced it at Hal's midriff.

But the big man reflexively dodged, driving the blade of his axe into the leader's neck. Blood fountained out onto the road as the corpse crumpled to the ground never to move again.

Hal's axe slid from numb fingers as he took a look at himself. At the blood on his hands, face and chest. He stood frozen like that for several long moments. Then he hastily dropped to his knees and turned the leader over, peering intently into his face.

Garn left Tasha's side and hurried over to Hal and knelt beside him. The big man's eyes didn't leave the leader's face for a moment. "What are you doing, Hal?"

Hal shrugged. "Aeros, he told me once that...  any idiot can learn to kill someone, that isn't the hard part."

"What is the hard part?" Garn asked, resting one hand on the big man's shoulder.

Hal tore his gaze away from the leaders. Garn absently noticed that Hal's eyes were blue once again and slowly brimming with tears. "The hard part's learning to deal with it." He ran his hand under his nose and sniffed. "I didn't mean to kill him," Hal insisted, obviously needing someone to believe him.

"I know, big guy. But it was either you or him."

Hal hung his shaggy head. "That doesn't help much."

Garn casually regarded the stunned, pained expression of horror on the dead man's face and felt his stomach twist into knots. After a moment or two of looking he turned away and returned to the kelt. "It wouldn't help me much either," he muttered.

Tasha had remounted her horse and was waiting somewhat down the road for Garn and Hal. Garn stood over the inert body of the keltoi as Hal advanced.

"He's still alive," he declared.

Hal grunted, obviously not terribly surprised. "Can you do anything for him?"

Garn shook his head. "There's not much I can do beyond bandaging his more serious wounds, I don't have the equipment for anything else. I was hoping to pick up the necessary supplies in Wayfarer's Port." The mage looked off down the road and frowned. "The Port's only a few more hours away. I say we strap him onto one of the spare horses and get him some medical attention there."

The big man remained quiet for a moment, staring at the inert body and the carnage surrounding it. He looked down the road at Tasha's huddled and shaking form as she wrapped herself in her cloak. He looked down at himself, at the blood and gore spattered down his front and face.

"Do we really want to?" Hal asked.

"What? Help him?" Garn looked at the big man with his usual condescending gaze back in place. "Well it would probably have been a real waste of time fighting all these people if we'd just intended to let him die, wouldn't you say?"

Hal nodded weakly. "I guess." 

Garn went off to retrieve one of the stray horses for the keltoi while Hal bent low to lift the wounded man. When the mage returned, his gaze was drawn to the blood and gore that was slowly congealing and drying over the beaten man's knuckles. 

"What did they call this guy again?" Garn asked. " 'Bloodied Fist?' " 

Hal shrugged. "I don't remember."

They settled the kelt precariously in the horse's saddle. Garn was about to turn and mount his own steed when Hal stopped him. "Hey, Garn?"

"Yeah?"

Hal was staring up into the barbaric man's face intently. "Am I really all that different from this guy?"

Garn smiled faintly. "What do you think?" he asked.

It wasn't until they were on the road again that Hal turned to the mage with a frustrated expression on his face. "Just what's that supposed to mean?"

Garn sighed and shook his head, concealing a small smile.

Interlude – Testing the Barriers

Confusion.

Xir felt the weariness that always follows the release of magical energies. He carefully examined the mists that made up his mystical prison with a well-practiced eye.

Nothing.

Not a single change or weakness.

He howled with frustration.

How can this be?

His hands clenched the glowing, crimson staff and shook it furiously over his head, continuing to howl.

He recalled the image he had just seen a short while ago, it could have moments or centuries for all that time mattered in that realm of nothingness. Using the power the staff gave him, he formed the image out of the mists. A woman, no, a girl, appearing next to him. The first being that he had seen in countless ages.

She is the one I must fear.

He shook his head about like an enraged animal to throw away the errant thought, casually banishing the illusion with a shrug of his shoulders. He was one who had nothing to fear! How could the girl possibly threaten He who was all powerful?

As quickly as the weariness came, it was gone. Replaced by another surge of Power from the mystical staff.

Xir laughed again. All thoughts of the blonde-haired girl were shoved aside by the sudden rush of ecstasy from the staff.

Preparation.

Sheer, raw Power lashed out from the dark being. An explosion of red, white and myriad other colors slammed into the mists, in all directions. Probing. Searching. Destroying. 

Anything.

It stopped. Xir clutched the staff to his breast and was weakened again. He reexamined his surroundings, searching for a possible weakness in the barrier. 

Not one.

But...  it feels different. Less substantial somehow.

The dark figure drew into himself, physically curling up into a ball around his glowing tool of survival and absorbed the energy that it fed into him like another person would a fine wine. Drinking it down and reveling in its soul wrenching sweetness.

He opened his eyes again. They sparked with dark energies.

More... 

He straightened out his muscular frame once again, assuming a more confident stance.

I need more... 

With both hands on the staff, he drew as forcefully as he could upon the fundamental energies that allow the universe to be. He drew it in until he thought he could take in no more. 

Then...  he did.

YES!

As if a dam were to break or an avalanche were suddenly to fall, the Power seemed to rush into his being. More Power than he would have ever thought possible.

He howled again. The frustration was now gone, replaced by a sensation of sheer magnificence. No other word could suffice to possibly describe the feeling as Xir began to be overwhelmed by the Powers of the Universe as they used his dark form as a conduit.

Surely this must be what it is like as a God!

He howled yet again and lashed out relentlessly at his mist clouded barrier. He did not pause in his assault, expelling the energies just as quickly as they flowed into his possession. 

The mists bucked and shuddered under his onslaught, but did not break.

But it will.

Chapter 7 - Ceorn Lochlaven and Wayfarer's Port

He awoke in a haze. 

Nothing all that unusual for him. Ninety percent of the time that he woke up was in a haze. But there was something different this time. It was difficult for him to put his finger on. 

His eyes began to slowly clear up, giving him a better view of the room. He was laying on the most comfortable bed he had ever been in. It was fluffy and soft, conforming to the shape of his lean and weary body. He ran a hand through his short cropped, yellow hair and gazed around the room in a stupor.

"What th'Ell?" he grunted, peering about in befuddlement.

It was a medium sized room with a fairly high ceiling. The carpet was red and lush, just the thought of walking on it made his feet tickle. There was a comfortable looking chair over in one corner with a table and counter along one wall. A full length mirror rested next to the deep closet and the canopied bed had red and black colored curtains that were drawn back, held loosely with silken cords. 

Sliding out from between the satiny sheets, he was surprised to realize that he was naked. But he shrugged unconcernedly, his nudity bothered him little. Others, perhaps. But himself never. Just to be certain though, he opened one of the drawers in the counter and noted with relief that his kilt was neatly folded inside. 

He removed it from the drawer with a sigh and flapped it out. It had been carefully cleaned and pressed, the man was innately grateful to the person who had done the work for him. He wrapped his precious, symbolic garb about his waist and belted it there. As he did so, he noticed a long pinkish scar along his right thigh that hadn't been there before. He stared at it in confusion for a moment before remembering the wound that he had taken while escaping the soldiers. But that had been a terrible wound, the kind that takes weeks to fully heal. He shook it out a time or two, even stomping his foot on the ground. Not even a twinge of pain responded.

Now that he was thinking about it, nothing hurt. Nothing at all.

That was what felt different as he woke up. Coming to his senses without even the slightest twinge of pain.

He rushed over to stand in front of the full length mirror and examined himself from head to toe. His astonishment was complete. Except for the lingering remainder of old wounds that hadn't healed properly, he was in perfect condition. There were faint, pink colored scars all over his body from the wounds that he so vividly remembered. The whip and chain marks were gone. As were the cuts and bruises over his face that he must have received from the circle beating the soldiers gave him. Everything was...  fine.

"Gods," he whispered reverently. "Just 'ow long 'ave I been out?"

He closed his eyes and brought both of his hands up before his face. He silently prayed to each of the Gods Above with all of his heart before slowly opening his eyes.

He nearly wept in dismay. 

The all too familiar, horrible looking scars that spoke of years of slavery still remained. He could feel the tears well up in his eyes, but he forcefully brushed them away. What had he expected? To have all the memories of the most troubled years of his life be somehow gone?

He forced the thought away and inspected the closet, more for a diversion than because he actually expected to find anything. To his surprise, a plain cotton jerkin hung from a peg in the back of the closet. Taking it up in his hands he felt at the sinewy material and smiled. 

Slipping it on over his head and tucking it into his kilt he looked in the mirror again. It was perhaps a bit loose on him. But he smiled and shook his head in silent amusement, reminding himself of an old Clannish proverb. Something about an un-wealthy man and the foolishness in complaining about the few things given to him.

At that moment, the door to the room creaked open. The man spun about in a crouch, reflexes at their peak and his nerves on the absolute edge. Intellectually, he realized that he probably had nothing to worry about. But he found it hard to convince his hard earned reflexes of that.

Ducking his head slightly in the door frame stood one of the largest humans that it had ever been the kelt's privilege to meet. Muscles bulging without conscious thought beneath the clothes he wore. But there was more there than just sheer mass. There was almost a balance and grace about the behemoth. Something very natural and untrained. 

Seeing the stance that the smaller man had taken, the big man held up both of his hands in front of him and slowly entered the room, silently showing that he was both unarmed and in no way wanting a fight. The big man turned back to someone still outside the room and whispered to them. As the big man swiveled his gaze back to the keltoi, his face showed a mild amount of surprise as the door closed behind him.

Both warriors eyed each other cautiously. Neither man wanting to make a potentially lethal error. The kilted man said nothing, not wanting to trust this monster or let down his guard in any way. I cannae afford to die now, the kelt thought. I've come too far, 'scaped so much...  

Suddenly, the big man dropped his hands to his sides. The kilted one flinched and very nearly surged forward, thinking it some sort of attack but managed to restrain himself at the last moment.

The big man stood within ten feet of the kelt, his legs at shoulder width apart and his massive hands folded behind his back. He stared at the kelt with a slack expression and merely waited a moment or two. He spoke in a comfortable baritone. "It's your move, friend. Do you trust me...  or not?" 

And he waited.

The kilted man stood, completely tense, for another moment or two. Warily he dropped his arms to his sides as well, feeling slightly foolish but still not wanting to make a mistake. He stood up straight and walked towards the big man, one hand extended. "Sorry 'bout that," he began slowly. "Reflexes are ah hard thing t'break."

The big man took the kelt's hand in his and smiled. "That's okay," he said politely. "I know how tough it can be to trust someone new."

They stood there for a moment or two longer before breaking away. The kelt sat in the easy chair and blinked at the resiliency of the padding. The big man smiled and slid easily down to the floor cross-legged.

"My name's, Hal."

The kelt nodded with a small smile of acknowledgement. When he spoke he drawled in a thick accent. "Me name's Lochlaven. Ceorn Lochlaven. A pleasure t’meet ye there Hal." He waved one hand courteously. Hal waved back, an odd expression on his face.

Ceorn studied the big man very carefully.

"So," The kelt began. "If'n y'don't mind, would mind tellin' me what been goin' on?"

After taking a brief moment or two to gather his thoughts, Hal described what had happened just the day before on the road to Wayfarer's Port. As conversation went on, Ceorn slowly began to add his own details to the story as they came back to him through the red haze of his memory. Lochlaven's face twisted slightly when he learned that Tasha had put her life at risk for him.

"Wasn't there somethin' y'coulda done t'stop her, lad?" he asked, concernedly.

A wry expression appeared on Hal's face, his lips unconsciously twisting into a grin. "Keeping Lady Tasha from doing something she feels she needs to do is like wrestling with a grizzly bear. A very tough fight that usually isn't worth the agony." 

Ceorn had a good laugh with that. "Sounds like every woman I've ever known."

"I guess," Hal replied, then went on. "Anyway, after you took out the last of the men, we wondered whether or not you would calm down enough for us to talk with you."

Lochlaven smiled faintly at the thought.

Clearing his throat uncomfortably, the big man rushed ahead. "Well, then you were hit in the back with a knife, thrown by the group's leader. Who, I guess, I kinda forgot about."

In a suddenly dramatic change, Ceorn Lochlaven's face flushed a deep scarlet in color and his yellow eyes glinted fiercely in the sunlight streaming in through the window. Hal flinched back warily, but not afraid. "Th'bastard!" Lochlaven cursed explosively, almost rising out of his chair in fury. "I'll kill'im! Attack me from behind? I'll show 'im!! I'll..." He noticed then the pained look on Hal's face and slowly calmed himself down. "Somethin' you want t'say, Hal?"

Hal cleared his throat uncomfortably once again and ran a trembling hand through his thick hair. When he spoke, it was in a much quieter voice. To his credit, it wasn't shaking...  much. "You won't have to worry about him," he said slowly. "I...  I already got him."

Lochlaven was silent. "Y'killed him, Hal?" he asked after a brief pause. "Doesn't seem like 'yer style, 'specially after the way y'dealt wit’ the others."

Hal shook his head. "It's not," he insisted, as if trying to convince himself. "I've had to kill beasts and creatures and...  things like that before. And, while it wasn't easy to do, it wasn't hard to deal with...  in here," Hal tapped at his chest to emphasize his point. "But, I've never needed to kill another person before. And doing that felt...  I don't know. Too easy, I guess."

The kelt sat back, contemplating. Slowly Ceorn tried to re-evaluate the man sitting before him. He started with his estimation of Hal's age. Taking it down from his previous guess in the mid-twenties to possibly the late teens. Then he worked with the boy's intelligence. Abruptly he changed his opinion from being somewhat slow-witted but with a keen battle sense, to a young man with a low self-esteem and a temper to accommodate. That done the battle hardened kelt sighed softly.

"Lad," Ceorn began. "It's should never be simple t'kill. I should know, I've done it an awful lot, an' have regretted it most o'th' time. In fact, I've spent most o' me life learnin' 'ow t'kill better." He sighed again, trying hard to ignore the way Hal was looking up to him like some sort of puppy. "Th'first time's always th' hardest, lad. After that, ye' learn that ye 'just done what ye’h'ad to, an that's that." He smiled broadly. "Besides, th' bastard deserved to'die for all th' pain 'e put me an me' friends in th' pit through."

Hal looked at the kelt questioningly, the desire to change the subject apparent in his eyes. "The pit?"

Lochlaven shuddered at the memory. "Until th' day that you and yer friends helped me out, I cannae remember a time in which I wasn't a slave. I was forced to risk me life in a gladitorial arena." Hal frowned in confusion.

"What, lad?”

“What’s a gladiator?”

“For real?”

Hal shrugged, his face embarrassed.

Ceorn sighed. "A gladiator is a slave who’s forced t' do battle wit' another slave in an arena. Sometimes in a private-like place, but usually in an arena."

"Why were you enslaved?" Hal asked.

Lochlaven swore. "Bloody 'ell boy! You make it sound as if I had a choice!" He shook his head vigorously and continued. "Anyhow, I was one o'th' best gladiators, if'n I do say so meself. That was 'cause I knew how t'fight 'afore e'en gettin' there. And cause I was a crowd fav'rit." At Hal's confused expression, the kelt elaborated. He raised both arms and let the sleeves of his new shirt slide below his elbows, revealing the intricate blue tattoos that were inlaid along his forearms. They looked like droplets of some liquid that extended all the way down to his knuckles, passing through the scars on his wrists. 

"Y'see these, lad?" Hal nodded. "These're what th' bastards in th' arena forced on me. They saw th' traditional marks along me chest and decided, without e'en asking me approval, to put these on."

"Why?"

Lochlaven sighed. " 'Cause lad. I only know 'ow t'fight wit' me fists. I don't know 'ow to use a weapon o'any sort. And I ne'er cared t'learn. I had ne'er intended to live a life o'violence. So me fists should ha’been enough." Ceorn's eyes clouded over for a brief moment as he thought of memories of the past and lost opportunities, never to be regained.

Seeing the strangely sympathetic look on Hal's face, Ceorn shoved the errant thought aside.

"At any rate," the kelt continued. "Th' crowds always liked t'see me fight. 'Cause I always went in wit' no weapon, an' always won. 'Cause of this, I got th' opportunity to go travlin' to other arenas.

"I was onna me way back wit' me guards to Kaemar, th'place where I usually am...  was kept," he reminded himself carefully, still only half believing it. " 'At was when I finally got a bit lucky. 

"It had begun to rain ye see? An me shackles, they were old and rusty to begin wit'. That and th' cold of th' night made th' shackles e'en weaker. So one night, I just gave it all I could. And finally, they gave way. And I was free!" He smiled widely at the pleasant memory. 

"So then what?" Hal asked eagerly.

The keltoi scratched absently at one armpit and grimaced before answering. "Well, I killed one o' th' guards and then ran into th' trees as fast as I could. I ran and ran. When I couldn't run no more, I fell asleep. I woke up to the sound o'th guards behind me. Searching' for me. So I got right back up an' ran some more. Finally, after what must'ha been a real long time, I ran into you people, and ye' know th 'rest."

Hal looked impressed and was about to say something when both men heard a muffled conversation happening from right outside the door. Lochlaven was immediately on his guard again, springing out of his chair and poised to fight. Hal was right behind him, hopping up to his feet with a surprising show of agility. Then he paused a moment and listened more carefully to the conversation. A slow, almost smile began to trickle across Hal's face. Ceorn concentrated on the voices as hard as he could but could distinguish nothing that was funny. Quickly, Hal masked the smile and crept up to the door, motioning for Lochlaven to be silent. The kelt, who hadn't been saying anything to begin with, stayed exactly as he was. Poised and alert.

Carefully getting a hold of the door knob, Hal waited a moment, the smile playing across his lips again. At last he jerked the door open and stepped out of the way.

Squawking loudly in surprise, A blonde haired woman, that Ceorn assumed was the woman called Tasha, fell backwards into the room, landing painfully on her rump and staring up at Hal accusingly. A frail, dark robed man stood just out in the hallway and looked at Hal in sudden surprise. Then he looked down to the woman and began to laugh uproariously. He staggered away from the room, clutching at his quaking ribs and wiping at his face as tears of mirth flowed freely.

Hal kept his face as expressionless as possible as he stood directly above the woman. "May I ask what you're doing, milady?" he asked in an exceptionally polite voice.

The woman's amber eyes slowly lost their accusatory glare as a slow flush of embarrassment creeped up her cheeks. "Uhm …" 

Hal took a deep breath and sighed disappointedly, shaking his head as he did so.

The kelt, however, was in no mood to appreciate the humor as he got his first good look at Tasha. His gaze slid lingeringly over the fine curves of her athletic body before fixing firmly on her face and nearly melting at it's almost flawless perfection, (Ceorn acknowledged that he might be slightly biased seeing as how he hadn’t gotten too many chances to relate with woman in the gladiatorial pits). The way that her blonde hair fell over her eyes in gentle waves as she slowly tried to return to her feet made Ceorn's heart do a little flip. And her eyes! They were so deep that it seemed he could lose himself in them forever. 

Quickly, Ceorn stepped forward and all but shoved Hal aside as he reached down to offer Tasha his hand. "Please there, lass," he spoke, his voice developing a silken quality that hadn't been there a moment before. "Allow me." Holding her arm at the elbow and the wrist, he gently guided her up to her feet. Tasha's face was amazed while the kelt tried to show her all of his teeth at once as he smiled.

Hal stood off to the side, his face also amazed but unable to look away. Out of the corner of his eye, Ceorn saw the way Hal's fist unconsciously clenched and unclenched as Ceorn moved in on Tasha like a predator. Unable to stop himself, the kelt took a step back from Tasha and folded his arms across his chest and posed, instinctively positioned so that his best side was shown to her. Lochlaven was just about able to hear Hal grinding his teeth. 

Tasha was blushing a deep red in color from the unceasing look in the kelt's eyes and turned her gaze away. "Thank you, sir. I appreciate the help."

Lochlaven laughed slightly, an obviously forced chuckling sound that sounded far too practiced to have been in any way natural. "Please, lass. Don’t ye' be callin' me 'sir'. I work for' a livin' don't ye’ know?" He chuckled again.

Tasha joined him, much to Hal's obvious (at least, obvious to everyone except Tasha) dismay. "Well, if I can't call you sir...  what would you like me to call you?"

The kelt took another step back and bowed deeply. "Ceorn Lochlaven, th' Crimson Bloodied-Fist, at yer’ service, lass." He straightened up from his bow and looked her right in the eyes again. "And now, to be fair, could I know yer' name? I'm certain 'however," he added, slyly throwing a glance at Hal. "That 'tis as beautiful as you 'yerself." 

Hal seemed to be gagging off to the side.

Tasha blushed an even deeper red, if such a thing was possible. "My name, as you might remember from yesterday, when Hal introduced me before the battle," Lochlaven made a brief but apparently fruitless pretense of searching through his recollections before motioning for her to continue. "Is Tasha Pellaren, of the Vineyard Grove."

Ceorn smiled again. "Ach! Now I remember. A pleasure, lass." With that, he gracefully leaned over, retrieved a hold of her wrist and softly kissed the back of Tasha's hand. He took a moment longer to inhale loudly and lean back with a searching frown. "Now that's a stunnin' perfume that' yer’ wearin' Tasha. What is th' name of' th' fragrance, if'n I may ask?"

Tasha looked from side to side in momentary confusion. "I'm not wearing any perfume, Ceorn."

Ceorn said nothing for an embarrassingly long moment as he racked his brain for an appropriate line to follow up that misfire. Then, too late for it to be natural, he laughed again. "No perfume?" he began with a stuttering chuckle. Off to the side, he could see Hal beginning to smile again. "Then I'm indeed impressed if'n that is how y'normally go about life... " He stumbled a bit more, struggling for an appropriate word. " 'Smellin," he finished lamely. He let her hand drop suddenly, mentally berating himself for being an idiot.

Tasha laughed aloud in honest amusement. "Please, Ceorn. There's no need to feel embarrassed. I do appreciate the thought." She reached up and pat the kelt on the cheek softly, bringing the now familiar glint back to the kilted warrior's eyes.

Hal appeared thunderstruck. His eyes were almost bulging out of his head while his jaw was hanging free and dangling somewhere around the area of his knees. A low moan escaped his lips as Ceorn arched an eyebrow at the big man in mock curiosity.

Ceorn gracefully offered his chair to Tasha and insisted that she make use of it while he assumed his pose once again while raptly hanging on her every word as she described how Hal had carried the kelt's dying body to the nearest clerical temple, all by himself, to have Ceorn healed the night before.

"In actuality, Hal probably saved all of our lives that day." Tasha concluded looking at her immense friend for the first time in minutes and completely missing the dejected look in his eyes. Hal seemed impressed that she had remembered that he was even in the room.

Ceorn looked at Hal in yet another different light, and quickly saw the look of despair in the big man's eyes. He felt a momentary twinge of guilt at what he was about to do, but could no more have stopped himself than he could have convinced his body to cease its breathing.

Lochlaven strolled up to Hal and, making sure that Tasha was paying very close attention, placed both hands on Hal's powerful shoulders. "Hal," he began very formally. "I' appears that I owe ye me life. From this day forth," he continued grandly. "I pledge myself to travel wit' you, go from place to place and watch yer' back 'til such a time comes along in which I can save yer’ life in return. This I swear, upon me' honor, me' family and me' life." He bowed his head then so he wouldn't have to see the pained look in the big man's eyes.

Hal grimaced as if he had been stabbed. He took a long time to formulate his answer, looking over the kelt's head at Tasha the whole time. Sneaking a peek back at her himself, Ceorn saw that she was frantically motioning for Hal to accept. Not that Ceorn had actually left him much choice.

Hal then said the only thing that Ceorn assumed the big man could have brought himself to say with honesty. 

"Gee. Thanks."

*

The streets of Wayfarer's Port were intricately cobblestoned in articulate designs and patterns. Garn was amazed at the amount of work that must have been put into the task, Wayfarer's Port was a big city. He was forced to conclude that the work must still be going on near the city's borders and that there was a constant crew of people working through the night to keep the streets in the good condition that they were in. Nowhere could Garn see any potholes or contusions in the road around them, a sure sign that the city was well kept.

The mage and Hal weaved their way through the crowded city streets, following the scent of the sea. A task not so easily accomplished in a place so teeming with life. All around were odors and sights to besiege their senses. Everything from salesmen bartering their wares to travelling bands of minstrels performing at every other intersection. It was overwhelming to say the least.

Garn was able to take it all in stride for the most part. He had been to cities larger than Wayfarer's Port before and intended to see ones even larger than that if he had anything to say about it. Still, even he had to admit to a slight feeling of claustrophobia. Especially after being so long in the solitude of the Vineyard Grove. 

Hal was very uncomfortable with the whole situation. He claimed to never having seen so many people at one time before in his whole life. All kinds of people too, not just humans. Off to the side Garn saw a group of elves striding by, having a quiet conversation amongst themselves. Down the street was a being considerably larger than even Hal was, and uglier than sin with a large nose, brutish yellow teeth and bulging round eyes. He was brandishing a huge wooden cudgel, that could have easily passed for a tree trunk, up in the air threateningly. Hal sighed in relief when Garn pulled on his sleeve and steered him away from the potentially ugly scene.

Finally, in the distance, they could see the tops of the masts for ocean going vessels and the like. Garn nodded as if he'd expected nothing else and continued to pull Hal along, swearing ferociously under his breath as he did so. Hal, still feeling very uncertain, followed along meekly.

They were slowed by what seemed to be an impenetrable wall of people, all facing in the opposite direction. There was a great deal of shouting going on and people waving their fists in the air energetically. Garn, not in the mood to fool around or head in another direction, tried to muscle his way through the crowd and was promptly tossed back and away by a fairly burly individual. Upon taking a good look at the frail mage, the burly man turned very white in the face and began to stammer out an apology. But when Hal stood toe to toe with him and glared menacingly, the man gave up any sort of attempt at complacency and promptly fled, dropping his change purse in his haste.

Garn crawled forward on hands and knees and greedily grabbed up the purse. Upon opening it he was disappointed to see that it was meagerly filled with nothing but copper and perhaps a few silvers. But, Garn shrugged and added it to the pouch at his waist before accepting Hal's assistance in standing. The mage then found himself right back where he'd started. Looking at the backs of people taller than him.

"Damn it, what's going on here?" Garn growled. "We've got to get by these people today!"

Hal stretched up to his full height and easily saw over the whole of the crowd. "Umm...  There's some sort of fight going on. I think the people are betting on them."

Garn smoothed out his dark colored robes with a huff and pulled his hood up over his long hair until it rested comfortably on his forehead. "Wonderful," he muttered sarcastically. "A street fight." Seeing a brief opening on the left side of the crowd, Garn yanked on Hal's arm and quickly dragged the big man towards it. "Don't you people have anything better to do with your time and money?" he shouted at the crowd's collective back as they passed.

As they barely squeezed through the opening Garn was surprised beyond words to see a look of thought on Hal's face. "Garn," he began slowly. "Were those men that were fighting back there...  were they like … gladites?"

Garn stumbled in mid-stride and just barely kept himself from falling. He turned to Hal with a look of faint surprise in his eyes that Hal was apparently unable to decipher from the grim look on the rest of his face. "What?" he asked gruffly.

The big man's gaze shifted to the ground and he began to walk forward again. "Never mind," Hal mumbled softly as he shifted his loaded down weapons belt.

Garn kept in stride with Hal and refused to let the subject go. "No, you were asking me something. Now I've never been known to waste a once in a lifetime opportunity frivolously. So, what was it you were asking me? 'Were those men...  ?' "

Hal's scraggly hair drooped down over his face, not quite hiding the deep red flush. "Gladites." he repeated softly.

Garn let the word cycle through his extensive vocabulary until he found what he assumed was the correct match. "Do you mean 'gladiators' ?"

Hal blinked and looked up at the mage. "Yeah, that's it."

The mage shook his head with a soft chuckle. "No, Hal. Those were just two individuals who've had too much to drink and were consequently beating on each other for no good reason. The people around were just being opportunistic and placing wages on the outcome." They continued walking through the thinning crowd. "Gladiators are a bit different," Garn elaborated.

Hal's face, as always read like an open book with really big letters, and Garn was able to tell that he was feeling foolish. The mage didn't suppose that it mattered. It's not as if he's unused to the sensation, Garn thought with a thin grin.

Finally reaching the Ports, Garn was astonished to see the direct contrast in the appearance of the docked ships with the rest of the city. Where the city was well kept, clean and crowded. The ships were shoddy, in disrepair and, for the most part, barren of life. Hal found this to be quite disconcerting though Garn was rather unsurprised. With it being so near to winter, it was considered a bad time to be at sea for fear of sudden storms. Consequently, the few ships that were available were eagerly awaiting their winter's repair time and were lacking in passengers.

"We're going to cross the Inner Sea in one of those things?" Hal asked concernedly.

Garn nodded. "Yep."

Hal sighed wearily, his shoulders drooping noticeably. "Great," he muttered.

*

"So what you're trying to say is this, and correct me if I'm wrong," spat out Dirgen Ocean, Captain of the seafaring ship, Dirgen's Pride. "You're asking me and me crew to make a trip across the Inner Sea, this close to winter, with no cargo beyond passengers and their gear for a mere ten gold pieces? Ahr! I don't think so."

For the first time in his life, Hal had the opportunity to witness Garn look foolish. The big man tried very hard not to chuckle and was easily able to suppress the urge after catching the look of death the mage shot his way.

Garn, obviously tired of haggling with the grubby Dwarven captain, tried a different approach. "Well, what do you think would be a fair price?"

Dirgen eagerly rubbed his calloused hands together, producing a sound similar to wood against sandpaper. "Well now," he began with a very greedy little smile on his wide lips. Dirgen was ugly, even among dwarves. His hair was greasy and flat with gray speckled through it haphazardly. He was undernourished and his breath stank horribly of rotted fish. He wore clothes that were mismatched and he had a long scar that ran down across his face from scalp to chin. Obviously, this was the blow that caused him to lose his eye, consequently explaining the eye patch he wore. His one remaining aqua blue eye glistened. "A fair price, you say? Ahr, let me think."

"Emphasis on the word 'fair', Captain." The mage gestured over to Hal with his head. The big man casually interlaced his fingers and folded his hands over. His knuckles cracked loudly amidst the bustle of the docks, sounding like large tree limbs being snapped in two. "A strong emphasis, captain."

Visibly, Dirgen quickly re-estimated the price he was about to offer in his mind before speaking. "I honestly couldn't take you across for anything less than fifty gold. And," he cut in before Garnthalisbain could verbally assault him. "Don't even be thinking about haggling with me, mage. You may be all-powerful and have your bully-boy here to back you up, but look at it from my point of view. It's the end of the season. A week, maybe less until winter. My crew needs a good long rest and my mainsail needs to be mended. Odds are bad that you'll be able to find another ship to take you to Southmoor until after the winter passes, so this is all you've got. Take it, or leave it." He folded his wiry arms over his chest and scratched at his unkempt beard furiously.

Garn seemed ready to explode. He surged forward to begin a furious verbal and physical attack on the dwarven sailor when Hal clapped a hand over his friend's mouth and gently pulled him a few steps away. He didn't remove his hand until he was certain that the mage wasn't about incinerate him with some sort of magic.

"What?" snapped Garn angrily once he was free to speak. "Are you going to tell me that you have a better idea? If so I'd really like to hear it."

Hal was slow to respond, as he always was. "Look Garn, let's try to be calm. We can't afford to pay the money, right?"

Garn scowled up at his friend. Then shook his head and looked angrily to the side. "No," he whispered. "Even if we managed to sell all of our food and the horses and anything else we might need...  There's no way we could afford it. Not by fifteen pieces."

Hal nodded. "But, at the same time, we can't afford to miss this boat either. Right?"

Garn huffed angrily. "I thought I already said that."

"You did, I think." Hal looked over at the dwarf who was still waiting patiently. "Wait here, Garn. I want to try something." He started to move towards Dirgen.

The mage grabbed at the big man's cloak and hauled him back. "What?!" he hissed incredulously. "Don't say those words! You barely even know what they mean!" He released Hal and, with great effort, restrained himself. "I'll go have another talk with the good captain. Maybe I can haggle him down in price a bit more... "

"And maybe I'll learn how to read and write as well as you do," Hal cut in sarcastically. He placed his hand on Garn's chest and quickly removed it after the mage stared at it pointedly. "Look, just let me try this. If it doesn't work, it doesn't work. You can try your idea later. Just...  let me try this. Please?"

The mage looked from Hal to Dirgen and back to Hal. He sighed dejectedly. "Why not?" He huffed, motioning towards Dirgen. "Go nuts."

Hal grinned and walked back to the captain.

Dirgen saw Hal coming forward with a smile on his face and suddenly got nervous, fumbling for the belaying pin at his belt. Hal, seeing what the dwarf was doing and put out both of his hands in a peaceful gesture. "Whoa there, be calm. I just wanna talk, okay?"

Dirgen kept his hand on the pin and watched the big man warily. "Fifty gold, that's my price."

Hal's face twisted sadly then, as if he were about to shuffle away disconsolately. Then, his features toughened up and he turned back to the dwarf. "Look," he said in a firm voice, almost demanding even. "Try to look at this from our point of view. We understand you don't want to lose money this late in the season and all that. But," he went on even more firmly. "We have to go to Southmoor. And we need your ship to do it."

"All you need is fifty gold, I said." Dirgen clenched his hand around the belaying pin.

Hal sighed. "Would you please stop that? If I were going to threaten you I'd have done it by now. But I'm not going to. What would be the point? You'd hardly be worth the effort." Hal put as much contempt that he could muster into that last line. 

Dirgen's face got very angry and he whipped out his belaying pin, brandishing it fiercely before him. "Ahr! How dare you!" he blustered with a blast of foul breath. "I've fought with many a being, often they were even larger than you yourself...  "

Almost casually, Hal reached out and disarmed the dwarf before Dirgen could do anything about it. "Yeah, and you probably lost to them all." Dirgen lost his bluster and looked quite abashed. Hal leaned in close to the dwarf and handed back the pin. He whispered softly to the captain. "Let's face it, you're probably very strong from working on your boat all the time and you most likely even have a decent sense of balance. But it looks like you don't eat regularly or get proper sleep. And, in all honesty, what would you really know about fighting? Not very much I'd guess." The dwarf eyed Hal warily.

"What if I could change that for you? What if you made a big show of how you and your crew were going to make one last trip across the Inner Sea to Southmoor." Dirgen's eyes narrowed curiously. "If you promised entertainment for passengers, you know, by giving some bards free passage as long as they entertained your guests for you. Then you charge an arm and a leg for these people to board your ship. They'll pay it, people are always looking for excitement, right?"

"Ahr," Dirgen growled thoughtfully. "Your idea has some merit. But what does that have to do with my fighting prowess."

"You see, when we're well on our way I'll pretend to get drunk one night and create a big scene in front of the guests. I'm a fairly large guy right? Pretty intimidating?" Dirgen nodded agreeably. "So, then you come along and tell me to settle down. At which point I turn on you and make rude comments. What do you do? The only decent thing you can do as captain. You try to restrain me and when that fails...  we fight." Hal leaned in even more closely, catching an unfortunate whiff of the dwarf's foul odor. He forced down the sudden nausea and pressed on. "And in the end, after making it look good, you win."

Dirgen's face took on a particularly strange look. "Ahr," he grunted again. "What if no one shows up?"

Hal started to laugh. "I'll tell you what," he said. "Just to show you that I'm honest about all this, me and my friends'll pay fifteen gold up front for passage. On top of that, I'll personally lend a hand with whatever needs doing aboard ship. How's that sound?"

The dwarf was still apparently undecided. He stared the big man directly in the eyes for a long moment, sizing him up somehow. A glint was hidden there in the back of his mind but was suddenly gone. "Will you swear to me that you'll keep yer’ word?"

Hal's face got very solemn. "I swear it, Dirgen. I swear on whatever amount of honor I have to my name."

Dirgen seemed to waver on the edge of indecision a moment longer. Then he quickly made up his mind and grabbed Hal's hand, shaking it vigorously with a full toothy grin. "Ahr! Yer' on, big man!" he said enthusiastically. Looking past Hal to Garn he called out. "Mage? I've decided to reconsider. I'll go as low as fifteen gold, just this once. I'd like it in advance though."

Garnthalisbain's jaw dropped in surprise. Wordlessly he looked from Hal back to the captain and then over to Hal once again. Mutely, he strode forward and paid the dwarf fifteen gold pieces. Hal nodded one last time and headed away, back to the inn where they were staying. Garn started and quickly followed after him.

After several minutes of walking in silence, Garn burst out. "What did you say to him?" he demanded forcibly, quavering on the edge of sanity.

Hal turned his head towards the small mage, his usual slack expression imprinted on his face. "Huh?" he asked eloquently.

"The dwarf," Garn repeated. "What did you say to him?"

Hal shrugged. "Nothin'."

"Nothing?! You convinced him to reduce his asking price by seventy percent by saying nothing?!" Garn's hands clutched at the air before him in frustration. "You must have said something! Did you threaten him?"

"Nope."

"Hurt him?"

"Nope."

"You must have said something!" Garn said finally, the anger in his voice dipped with venom.

Hal concentrated a moment or two, as if going over the conversation in his mind. His fingers twitched, trying to visualize what he was saying. He looked down at his fingers as he concentrated and, consequently, didn't see the low sign for Felio's Fresh Fish Emporium until after he had painfully cracked his noggin on it. He clapped both of his hands to his forehead and danced around in a little circle, all the while chanting; "Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow."

Garn covered his eyes with the palm of one hand. "I give up," he muttered as he turned and strode off towards the inn.

Chapter 8 - Hal Takes a Dive

Tasha managed, although just barely, to stifle a yawn as Ceorn loudly and at great length praised the Dirgen's Pride. Contrary to the way that it appeared, the ship held together fine on the high seas. Just by taking a look at it, no one would guess how well the captain and his crew kept their vessel shipshape and afloat. They just did very little to make it look presentable; The deck seriously needed to be washed, as did the mainsail and there were enough barnacles on the hull to act as decoration. But, beyond the cosmetics of the boat, it worked just fine.

The kelt didn't go so far as to say that the Dirgen's Pride was the fastest or smoothest vessel to sail the oceans, but he claimed to have been aboard worse. "At least th' weather's not too bad," he remarked vaguely. 

All aboard were pleasantly surprised by the lack of storms during the first leg of their journey. They had been at sea for close to four days, with winter just around the corner, waiting to pounce. All the passengers thanked the Gods for the respite. 

And there were passengers! At least twenty people had decided to spend the winter season with relatives across the Inner Sea. Dirgen had conveyed his considerable surprise at the size of the crowd to Tasha early on. He was determined to offer passage so late in the season every year from that time forward.

Tasha stood at the ship's prow, the salty wind flowing through her lengthy blonde hair and ruffling her cloak. Ceorn unabashedly watched the way that she moved, his eyes following her suggestively. Seeing her shiver from the wind's chill, he stepped up to her side and gently placed his thick cloak over her slender shoulders. " Here lass," he said with a toothy smile. "Ye' look like ye' need this more'n I do." 

Accepting the cloak with a polite smile, Tasha carefully wrapped it around her shoulders while keeping a wary eye on the kelt. She had been feeling very uncomfortable around him as of late. After the initial shock of meeting his personality head on and being overwhelmed by his charm wore off, Tasha realize that there didn't seem to be much else to him. Primarily, Ceorn was just trying way too hard. What came across as being almost boyish at first ended up feeling quite forced and hard to swallow.

Ceorn was leaning against the ship's railing and staring intently at Tasha's face. She flushed intensely and looked away. With a slight, unconcerned shrug, Ceorn smiled and gazed past her. After waiting a few moments, what Ceorn undoubtedly assumed was a very long time, he turned back to Tasha and saw that she was still adamantly avoiding his yellow-eyed stare.

A sudden, sharp gust of wind slipped in through Ceorn's loose clothing at that particular moment. Still from the corner of her eye, Tasha watched with amusement as Ceorn began to shiver but then aggressively tried turning it into a unique stretch with both of his arms thrust out to the sides and his head snapped back. He then snuck a look at Tasha to make certain that she didn't see it.

"Would you like your cloak back, Ceorn?" Tasha asked ever-so-casually.

The kelt took a moment or two to collect his obviously tumbling thoughts before answering. "Ach, no! No' at' all!" he said, chuckling in his practiced way. "Back 'ome, in the Clanlands, we live in the mountains. An' I tell ye, it gets so cold up there sometimes that, well...  Let's just say that we get a bit chilled under our kilts." Ceorn then gave an elaborate wink at that point and chuckled again. Tasha chuckled along politely and changed the subject.

"So," Tasha said blandly. "Garn has his theory, I have mine, and we wondering what you thought about it."

Ceorn stared at her blankly for a long moment. He unconsciously scratched at his head, ruffling his short cropped, spiky yellow hair before admitting his ignorance. " 'Bout what?"

Tasha motioned vaguely over towards Hal, who was busily coiling up the thick and heavy ropes that were used for rigging the sails. Despite the chill of the wind, he was simply dressed in his patchwork leggings and a loose, sleeveless jerkin. Sweat stained the back of his jerkin lightly and his hair hung limply down over his face. In short, the big man looked bone weary. Since the very moment he set foot aboard the Dirgen's Pride, the grimy dwarven captain had given every single heavy lifting or degrading job to Hal. 

Ceorn was still lost. "What about him?"

Tasha motioned conspiratorially with her hand. "You know what I mean," she insisted. Trying not to smile as the kelt's confused face openly declared that he no idea what she was talking about, Tasha explained. "How do you think he managed to get us passage aboard this ship for so little? I've talked with some of the other passengers and they all paid an arm and a leg for this trip. It just doesn't make any sense for the captain to have simply had a change of heart. Garn's guessing that Hal offered to do the work of half of the ship's crew and I'm inclined to agree with him. What do you think?"

Ceorn stared at Hal's large frame for a short time, as if the kelt could somehow glean the answer from staring at him. He turned away when the big man glanced up and their eyes met. Tasha was surprised to see a sullen look in Hal's but didn't get a chance to think on it before Ceorn monopolized her attention again. 

Lochlaven shrugged broadly. "Ye' got me, lass."

"You'd like to think that," Tasha muttered under her breath.

Ceorn tilted his head at her. "Beg pardon?"

"Hmm? Oh, nothing."
	
Tasha thanked her lucky stars for the slight commotion that came from behind them at that exact moment. A sudden harsh laughter sprang up from the crewmen as the sound of booted feet came scampering across the deck at full speed. Both Tasha and Ceorn turned to see Garnthalisbain, his dark robes and long black hair streaming along behind him, running for the ship's railing with one hand clapped over his mouth and a greenish tinge to his face. He lunged the last few feet to the rail and swiftly hung the top half of his small frame over it. Ceorn, afraid the man might slip, caught a hold of Garn's belt and steadied him as the mage proceeded to vomit noisily over the side.

When he was finally done, Ceorn hauled Garn back and set him on his wobbly feet. The frail mage leaned against the wooden rail for support and took many shuddering breaths. 

Ceorn jovially slapped the mage across the back, almost knocking Garn to his knees, and asked jokingly, "Seasick, lad?" Then he chuckled in that way of his.

The mage glared darkly at the taller man for a moment before pushing himself away on the rocking deck. He ran a sleeve across his mouth, apparently trying to remove the taste of bile from his lips. "You know something, Lochlaven?" he asked. "That joke wasn't even funny the first time you said it...  four days ago." With that, Garn shoved past the former gladiator and stumbled back to the cabins below.

Ceorn kept on chuckling. "Poor bastard," he muttered.

Tasha shot a look his way that the kelt missed utterly. It wasn't a particularly nice look. She was starting to agree with Garn's personal opinion of Lochlaven. Of course, she admitted to herself, if Hal had been the one that Ceorn was bothering, he and Garn would probably have been the best of friends. Tasha sighed and pushed the thought aside to worry about what was really bothering her.

Basically, Tasha was nervous. It was a feeling that was typically unusual for her to be having. Normally, people back home in the Vineyard Grove revered her highly, giving her a regular, every day sense of accomplishment. It was something that she felt quite withdrawn from and lacking. But not too terribly. The last few weeks had brought out in Tasha a determination that she'd always known she had but was never given the chance to use and explore. The fighting and travelling through chilly weather, all of it added its own little part. Tasha was able to admit to herself that she wasn't as stable as her travelling companions, in regards to what they were doing. At least, not yet. But she knew that she would be and that she had to be. Tasha really had no choice, seeing as how she was the unspoken leader of the group. 

It only made sense in some ways, but little in others. The obvious choice for group leader should have been Garnthalisbain, in Tasha's mind. The mage was the oldest of the original three and the most worldly. That along with his obvious intelligence and magical abilities made him the strongest contender.

Now that Ceorn was travelling with them, a decision that Tasha was beginning to regret having made Hal accept, Tasha believed that he also deserved some consideration. He probably wouldn't be a bad leader, she thought to herself. He was by far the oldest and most travelled. Not to mention an exceptionally gifted, though somewhat deranged, warrior. 

Regardless, it fell to Tasha. Originally because it was her idea to follow the vision in the first place, the others just sort of came along with her. And at first that was exactly how she wanted it. But now, after having actually seen what the world was like in all of its harshness, Tasha would have gladly given the mantle of leadership over to someone else. But no one would willingly take it, except maybe Lochlaven - not that she was seriously considering it. Garn wouldn't accept it at this point, he was having too much fun watching Tasha flounder her way through everything they encountered. And Hal wouldn't touch the idea with a ten foot pole for fear of making a mistake, which, she quickly decided, was probably a good thing. Hal was a very dedicated person and powerful warrior, but not a leader.

Or is he? Tasha mused, shifting slightly so that she could lean against the rail with her back and regard Hal without making it look as if she were ignoring Ceorn's endless stories of the battles he had fought. Hal had at last finished winding the seemingly endless coils of rope and was sluicing himself clean with seawater. His face was furrowed with weariness as he poured the water over his head. His eyes were closed as he rolled his neck from side to side, wincing now and again. Opening his eyes, Hal saw Tasha watching him and swiftly ran his fingers through his soaked hair and inclined his head politely. Then, seeing one of the crewmen motioning towards him, Hal turned his back on Tasha and began to work on the steel cables for the ship's anchor.

From the moment that Garn had told her how Hal had managed to convince Dirgen to lower his asking price for passage, Tasha had been very curious about her 'bodyguard'. He didn't seem to be acting any differently around her, or anything that obvious. Just the opposite in fact. He was still the same old Hal, stumbling along, always looking as if he didn't know what was going on.

On several occasions during the trip, Tasha had been tempted to use her new-found abilities and enter Hal's mind to see for herself what he was up to. It hadn't been until recently that Tasha had learned that she could actually use her abilities like that. The first time it happened completely astonished her. She had been eating dinner with Ceorn back at Wayfarer's Port, waiting for news from Hal and Garn. Ceorn had been working his charms on her with even more determination than she had ever seen anyone else use. Absently, Tasha had wondered what exactly the kelt had been getting at when she suddenly began to clearly register, in basic, fluttering images what was going on in the kelt's mind. 

Tasha blushed faintly then, remembering what the kelt had been thinking about.

Since then, Tasha had been experimenting with several different people. Now, after a bit of practice, she was able to connect with and see the other person's thoughts and pull away with very little difficulty. Garn had called her new ability telepathy, or mind reading. 

She continued to look at Hal, her gaze lingering on him. Feeling her eyes on him, Hal stole a look up and met Tasha's gaze. She could see, even from the fair distance, the gray in his eyes and the faint uncertainty behind them. What are you up to? she asked herself. Their gazes remained locked for a brief moment, then Hal looked back down to the cables and gave them one final twist. Silently, he stood up, stretched and walked past the ship's cabins and out of her sight.

Tasha sighed. She couldn't bring herself to spy on Hal's thoughts and invade his privacy without permission. She didn't know why not, but she just couldn't.

Ceorn nudged her arm softly. " 'Eh there lass. Is there somethin' troublin’ you?" He looked her in the eyes and winked with a smile. "I hope I'm not borin' ye wit' me exploits an' all."

Tasha refocused her gaze on the kelt and managed to smile. "No, not at all. Please, continue."

The kelt nodded his head, rubbing his hands together eagerly. "Now, where was I? Oh, yeah. So, there me and me pal were. Stuck toe to toe wit' a big mother of a...  "

Tasha quickly found herself losing interest in the sound of the kelt's voice. Not that he was boring on in the least unentertaining. Continually Ceorn would throw in his own personal anecdotes and editorials that were, for the most part, quite humorous. But, one can only hear the same joke used about twelve dozen times before it begins to get stale. Tasha was no longer able to count the number of times that she'd heard Ceorn say the phrase, "Don' call me 'sir'. I work for a livin' don't you know."

Unconsciously, Tasha found her thoughts going back to Hal again. His sword, the one he called Stormbringer, this time was the focus of her attention. He never used it in a battle, never drew it from his sheathe and, according to Hal's very own words, had never even wielded a sword before. This brought an interesting question to Tasha's mind. Why bother wearing it into battle if he won't use it?
	
She let the idea roll around in her head for several moments before concluding that he wore it for two possible reasons. One being that it was given to him by Lord Aeros and he was wearing it to honor his 'father'. The second was that another weapon can always come in handy in a fight. In all honesty, Tasha thought to herself with a faint smile. How much skill does it really take to swing a sword that immense? At least her blade was light enough to allow for combat strategies to be developed. Hal's sword was little more than a sharpened, metallic club. 

At the sound of stringy music, Tasha swung her gaze past Lochlaven and over to the minstrel and his harp. He was a fairly young man with a round, boyish looking face. He had the blondest hair that Tasha had ever seen and was dressed in rather flamboyant garb. Most notably he wore a short cape that fluttered about his form, gleaming bright orange in the light.

Tasha had the opportunity to speak with him the day before. She learned that his name was Merrick. Lincoln Merrick, if she remembered correctly. He was a pleasant young man who was frankly surprised to be aboard. It seems that Captain Dirgen had approached him a few days before setting sail about providing entertainment for the voyage to Southmoor. Merrick had accepted immediately, always having wanted to travel to Southmoor. To meet the knights, learn the ballades and so forth.

Now the young bard was entertaining a small group of ladies of some importance and a few small children with a jovial little tale. Tasha smiled, remembering the story from her own childhood. The story of a young man in love with a beautiful woman who didn't want him. The song told of the trials and tribulations the young man went through in order to, eventually, win her over to him. Tasha sighed, wondering if such a thing were really possible in life.

Judging by the tone of the kelt's voice, Tasha realize that Ceorn was wrapping up his story. Quickly she focused her eyes back on Lochlaven and smiled faintly. Ceorn finished his tale with a flourish, waving one hand out to sea dramatically. Tasha nodded slightly. "Fascinating," she murmured politely. 

Ceorn smirked then and leaned in towards her. "Oh really, lass. Ye' think so?"

Tasha placed a hand on Lochlaven's chest and carefully pushed herself away from him. "Quite." She then cast around for some sudden excuse to leave his side without being too obvious about it. 

"Excuse me," came a soft, high pitched voice. Both Tasha and Ceorn looked down to see a small child tugging on Lochlaven's kilt and looking up at them earnestly. Tasha felt her heart go out to the child for he had the biggest blue eyes that she had ever seen. 

Lochlaven crouched down next to the child then, his face softening noticeably. "Eh, there laddie," he said. "What can we do for you?"

The boy looked at the kelt openly. "Why are you wearing a skirt? And your friend, why is she wearing pants?" 

Tasha felt herself smile in surprise. She covered her mouth with one hand to keep from laughing, not wanting to make the child feel foolish. Ceorn however laughed uproariously, nearly falling over in his mirth. He rose to his feet, picking the child up in his strong arms so the they could talk comfortably. "Ye' see, laddie," he began, still laughing gently. "What I'm wearin's called a kilt. All of the men from the Clanlands wear kilts. It's our symbol and tradition. And Tasha here." He paused for a moment, smiling at her. "I s'pose she wears 'em 'dere pants 'cause they're comfy."

Tasha laughed then, seeing the puzzled expression on the boy's face. 

There came a slight commotion from the minstrel's small crowd. A young woman, dressed in basic brown clothing was calling out a name most frantically. The boy in Lochlaven's arms waved his small hand to the lady. "I'm here, Nanny," he said with a smile.

The woman, obviously relieved, strode forward and took the boy from Ceorn's arms, scolding him softly. Ceorn unsubtly ran his eyes up and down the woman's form before beginning to speak with her in earnest. The woman blushed slightly and conversed with the kelt in return. 

Tasha gratefully took the opportunity to slip away from Lochlaven while he was distracted. Safely out of his sight, she breathed a soft sigh of relief.

She took her breather to stroll around the ship, passing several burly crewman who gave her an approving eye as she walked by. One individual actually went so far as to whistle piercingly. Tasha got very red in the face and found that, to her embarrassment, that she was smiling. I don’t have to read their mind to know what they’re thinking about, I suppose.

Tasha hurried past. 

At the stern of the ship, Tasha saw the dwarven captain, Dirgen, at the helm. He was piloting the vessel effortlessly. Much the same manner in which a carpenter would have working with his tools. But he was high above her, on what was bizarrely referred to as the poop deck, and not conveniently close enough to talk to. 

Rounding the cabin's corner, Tasha stopped in her tracks and backed up a pace. She peered around the edge and watched the proceedings. 

Hal was sitting on top of some piled firewood with a large woodaxe resting nearby. On the deck before him sat what appeared to be the remainder of the children aboard, at least four of them. Over near the railing the family of one of the children stood, watching the big man amusedly as he spoke with the kids.

"Hal?" asked one boy curiously. "Why are you here, on the boat?"

Hal looked down at the boy very seriously, twirling a very small piece of wood with his fingers. "Why do you think I'm here, Jonn?" His voice was slow and precise, so that the children could understand what he was saying without feeling talked down to.

The boy, Jonn apparently, shrugged his small shoulders silently. "I dunno."

"I know why you're on the boat!" piped up one girl excitedly, bouncing up and down on the deck. The parents over on the railing chuckled then, pointing at the eagerness of their child. 

"Well, then." Hal said, swinging his gaze over to the child. "Why am I here?"

The girl stood up and walked over where big man sat and reaching up on her tiptoes. Even then Hal had to lean down so that she could whisper in his ear. She cupped both of her hands around her mouth as she spoke, her round little face getting a faint pinkish hue. Hal listened carefully to what she said and smiled. "Not quite, Sonia. Good try though."

"Are you a knight?" broke in the other boy. "My uncle Daven, he's a knight. He's got armor an' a sword an' a horse an'...  an', an' other stuff. Are you a knight?"

Hal grinned down at the boy, gesturing at him with his little piece of wood. "Nope. Not a knight."

"Why do you have a sword then?" asked Jonn.

"And an axe?"

Hal's face froze for a moment as he searched for an answer, instinctively checking to make sure that his weapons weren't there with him. Hal looked down at his hands and apparently didn't like what he saw there from the way his face twisted in distaste. "I carry...  my weapons," he said softly, gesturing vaguely towards the cabins with the stick. "Because I have to. And because I don't know how to do anything else." He clenched his fists suddenly then, his knuckles cracking noisily and the stick snapping in half. Both girls clapped their hands over their ears and made noises of disgust. Hal smiled again then and looked at the girls ruefully. "Sorry."

Jonn stood up, puffing out his chest and trying to look taller than he was. "Do you think I'll get a sword one day?" 

Hal placed one of his hands gently on the boy's shoulder, effectively engulfing it, and stared down at him silently for a moment. "I hope not," he said earnestly. 

The girl, Sonia, crawled up onto the firewood stack and wrapped her arms around Hal's thick neck. "Piggy back!" she cried out, jumping up and down excitedly. All of the other children looked earnestly up at Hal then, big smiles on all of their faces. 

Hal ran his fingers through his shaggy hair and shook his head. The tail ends of his long hair flapped in Sonia's face and she spluttered, giggling. He looked down at the eager, happy faces of the children in front of him and sighed mock-ruefully. "Oh, all right," he said, obviously feigning reluctance. There was an intense cheer from all of the kids as Hal rose from the firewood. He took a single step forward and stood with both arms held out to his sides and stayed that way.

In a fraction of a second Hal was swarmed by small people and was soon caught up in their mirth. He began to giggle right along with them, swinging from side to side much to their delight. 

Tasha was touched to her very core by the sight. Never before had she seen anyone deal with children so easily or with such familiarity. To her knowledge, Hal had no previous experience with children, be they siblings or what have you. She leaned against the corner of the cabin and watched with a smile. 

She saw a movement from the people at the railing. The parents were instructing their oldest daughter to stay and watch while they went for a walk. The teenaged girl agreed fervently. Tasha saw with amusement the way the teenager was watching Hal and the little ones. When Hal effortlessly lifted one of the children up high in the air, the young woman clapped her hands and spoke her amazement. 

Tasha took a closer look at the young woman and saw that she wasn't just amused by Hal's actions. Noting the way that the girl was staring at Hal and the way that she kept smoothing her dress out unconsciously gave Tasha her first clue. When Hal saw the young woman watching as he tossed the children around harmlessly, he smiled politely at her. Tasha saw the way the girl's face lit up and felt...  something strange. She couldn't describe it. But she was sure that she felt something.

Surprise definitely. The thought that a woman would actually look twice at Hal was rather surprising. Then Tasha rearranged that thought, realizing its blatant unfairness. Of course women would look twice at Hal, she amended. After all, he‘s tall, strong...  but handsome? Tasha had never thought of Hal that way. He was...  Hal! Her friend and 'bodyguard'. Someone that she liked to be with but never...  

She realize then that Hal had stopped moving around and was staring directly at her. Too late, Tasha noticed that she had moved around the corner of the cabin and into plain sight. The young woman at the railing glanced at her curiously, slight worry playing across her face. 

There was a long pause. The little girl, Sonia, who was perched high on Hal's broad shoulders, leaned down to his ear and loudly whispered, "Is she your girlfriend?"

Hal glanced up at the girl, and looked her dead in the eye. "I don't think so," he said, also in a loud whisper.

Tasha smiled at that, chuckling quietly. Hal looked at her and shrugged, a goofy grin on his lips and a slow flush creeping across his face. Tasha leaned back against the wall and continued to watch. Hal resumed the game. He swung the children around in the air once more, their squeals of delight piercing the regular noise of the ship and sailors.

*

Later that night, after making sure that his ship was firmly anchored for the evening, the disreputable-looking dwarven captain, Dirgen Ocean, met with Hal in his personal cabins. The dwarf was dressed in his full rigmarole, looking more like an actual naval captain rather than a civilian, save for his eye patch. Hal was dressed as he always was, in his ragtag collection of patchwork clothing. His long hair hung limply before his weary face and his shoulders were noticeably slumped. 

"Are you ready?" the big man asked nervously but with a strain, his fatigue clearly showing through in his voice.

The dwarf nodded, his one aqua blue eye glittering eagerly in the cabin's dim light. "Ahr, I'm ready. Remember the deal though. The minute this stops being a rigged fight, my men'll swarm your party and toss y'all overboard."

Hal nodded slightly, absently pushing a lock of his hair back behind one ear. "Don't worry, I'll be careful." He glanced out at the night sky and saw the position of the moons in the clear night sky. "Give me a half hour or so to get ready, then come out and just...  play along with what I do. Okay?"

The dwarven captain nodded and Hal slipped out of the cabin, making his way over to where the minstrel was playing for the passengers enjoying the evening.

Dirgen watched the big man walk away with a glint in his eye and a sneer on his wide, ugly lips. He reached into one of his pockets and withdrew a shiny, metallic object that he casually slipped over the knuckles of one hand. Then the dwarf smiled. "Ahr. It's not me I'm worried about, oaf." He laughed, slipping the object back into his pocket, and sat down to wait out the half hour.

*

Hal was sitting down next to the ale barrels with a tankard in one hand and with what he hoped was a surly-looking expression on his face. It wasn't difficult for him to pretend that he was angry, but that wasn't the look he was going for yet. As it was, just watching Lady Tasha out dancing and laughing jovially with the deckhands was enough to make his stomach flip. Grimly, Hal concentrated on making sure he just looked surly.

He realize that if he had asked her to dance that she probably would have. Hal just didn't want to make a fool of himself out there and do something stupid. Like trip and fall, or knock Tasha down or...  or something.

The big man took a lengthy sip of the bitter ale and tried not to wince. Hal didn't drink as a rule. He disliked the taste for one thing and besides, Hal knew that his mind was off in the clouds often enough as it was, he certainly didn't need anything helping him get into that state. Especially not tonight, Hal reminded himself firmly.

After roughly twenty minutes, it appeared that Hal had consumed roughly three or four tankards of ale. In actuality, Hal was letting most of the alcohol spill out onto the deck by keeping his mouth closed whenever he tipped back his mug. The rest Hal managed to surreptitiously toss over the side. His friends were beginning to glance at him curiously. 

At long last, he saw Dirgen leave his cabins and walk casually over towards the crowd. Hal took a deep breath to calm his fluttering nerves and hoped fervently that none of the children were awake. 

He staggered over to where Lincoln Merrick was happily playing his lute. As the young minstrel saw the big man approaching with a rather obvious stagger, Lincoln began to look nervous. Fingers started missing chords and his voice quavering slightly as he sang. Finally, Hal stood directly before the minstrel and stared at him blankly. Merrick looked way up at Hal and tried not to tremble before the big man's gaze. "Do .. do you have a request?" he asked nervously.

Hal belched thunderously and stared down at the minstrel a while longer. The passengers behind him began to murmur worriedly amongst themselves. In the background, Hal vaguely heard Tasha making her over to him while continued to Dirgen slowly advance on him.

"Yeah," Hal said in a surprisingly deep voice. "I want you to play somethin'." Hal let himself sway slightly as he spoke.

"W-well...  What do you want m-me to play?" Asked the now very nervous minstrel.

Hal leaned his face down until he was nose to nose with the flamboyantly garbed young man. "Anything," he growled, letting his ale soaked breath hit Merrick solidly in the face. "Just make it good."

Two cool, slender hands grabbed Hal by the arm and pulled him back, away from the relieved looking minstrel. Hal knew before even turning his head to see that it was Tasha. She was staring up into his face as if he had gone mad. "What do you think you're doing?" she demanded furiously, her voice tinged with concern. 

Hal pulled his arm out of her grasp forcefully, though it pained him to do so. "What do you care?" he muttered, surprising himself with an honest answer. His voice was deep and sullen, loaded with hurt that wasn't totally feigned.

Tasha's face registered shock at his attitude. Then she peered at him curiously and took a brave step towards him. "Hal," she asked amazedly. "Have you been drinking?"

Hal spasmodically waved the half full tankard of ale that he still carried in front of her face and grunted rudely. " 'Lemme think about that." Then he placed the mug to his lips and tilted back, letting the dark fluid spill down his chin and onto his shirt. 

Finally Dirgen stepped up to him. The dwarf assumed a pose that was supposed to look strong and defiant, mostly it just looked silly. "Ahr, I think you've had enough of that son."

Hal lowered the tankard and stared the dwarf in the face arrogantly. "So what? You gonna stop me from drinking it, little man?" He gave Dirgen a shove, knocking him back a pace. 

Tasha grabbed a hold of Hal's arm again and stepped in front of him, desperately trying to restrain him. "Hal," she pleaded frantically. "What do you think that you're doing?"

Hal looked down at Tasha and stared deeply into her eyes. His gaze softened fractionally for a moment and he knew that he had to do something to reassure her. And for half a second he almost told her. But then the words of his oath to Dirgen came back to his mind, so Hal placed one hand on Tasha’s shoulder and pushed her aside. He tried not to wince as she fell solidly to the deck with a cry.

Angry with himself and for what he knew he still had to do, Hal stepped towards the dwarf and threw the remainder of his tankard directly into the captain's face. Dark ale splashed down over the fresh uniform. "Come on then, dwarf," he sneered, actual anger seeping into his tone. "You want me to stop? Then stop me!" Hal lunged forward with an overhand punch that sailed harmlessly over the captain's head by at least a foot.

The dwarf dodged unnecessarily to the side and threw off the cloak that he was wearing, assuming a combative stance. The crowd in general gasped and tried to slide away from the fight. Hal could hear Tasha call out his name, imploring him to stop. But Hal was in too deep to pull out now.

He lunged forward with several more blows that had absolutely no hope of actually landing as Dirgen swayed away always a half step behind, despite his natural seafarer’s gait. Finally, Hal got frustrated and grabbed the dwarf by the shirt front and pulled him close. "Come on, dammit. Do something!" he hissed before shoving Dirgen away. Taking a step back to set himself, Hal threw a roundhouse punch that was so slow and so obvious that a child could have blocked it. Thankfully, Dirgen did. When the dwarf launched his counterpunch, the big man left himself wide open and even leaned down to make sure that the blow looked like it would land. 

Hal saw stars. He spun back and away, feeling at his exceptionally sore jaw with the fingers of his right hand. He'd never been hit so hard before in his entire life! Blood trickled down over his fingers from his heavily split lip. He shook his head once and spun back to where the dwarf should have been, trying to make some sense of what was going on.

He could fuzzily make out the form of Dirgen advancing on him. Hal held both hands out in front of his face and tried to mount an offensive, realizing too late that he'd been crossed. Dirgen fainted up with one hand and Hal over-reacted, leaving himself wide open. The big man doubled over in pain as the dwarven captain's follow up blow caught him squarely in the gut. Hal dropped to both knees and tried not to vomit.

A small, stubby hand grabbed Hal by the hair and forced his head back. Hal could make out, barely, the leering face of Dirgen directly before him. "Ahr," the dwarf growled softly, only loud enough for Hal to hear. "Did you really think that your spiel about how I couldn't win a battle to save my life meant anything to me? You really are as stupid as you look if you think that. All you've done is give me an opportunity to humiliate you, rob your friends blind and make me' uncle Ollie proud of me." Dirgen stopped for a brief moment, his gaze softening briefly as he stared off into space with his one aqua-blue eye. Then Dirgen reared back with one arm and let fly, a wide smile spread across his ugly face and his yellowed teeth visible in the dim light.

The smile dropped like a rock as Hal's big hand caught the fist mere inches before it struck. He stared the dwarf in the eye for a long moment. Dirgen’s expression began to look exceptionally nervous at that point. He got even more nervous when Hal grasped the dwarf's shirt front with his other hand and began to rise. 

"Ahr, this is a shitty deal," Dirgen muttered under his breath

Painfully Hal got to his feet and hauled the now frightened dwarf up into the air. He shook the howling dwarf furiously, growling angrily the whole time. Only dimly was Hal aware of the people in the crowd around him, at the moment he couldn't bring himself to care too terribly much.

Vaguely, Hal heard someone, he thought it was Tasha, cry out a warning of some sort, but by then it was too late. Hal cried out in pain and dropped the dwarf to the deck, pressing one hand to the small of his back. He staggered against the ships' railing and saw three of Dirgen's burliest sailors advancing on him. One of them was carrying the board that had just been slammed into his back.

Hal tried to defend himself but he was already beaten. The shots from Dirgen had taken more fight out of him than he would have ever thought possible. On top of that was the disgustingly hard work the dwarf had put him through all day. 

But despite all that, Hal wasn't about to go down without swinging. 

Hal took the butt-end of the board painfully in the gut and hunched forward. A second man slammed down on his back with both hands, knocking the wind out Hal's lungs. Breathless, Hal grabbed somebody's leg and stood up, easily tossing one of the men overboard. The sailor screamed as he fell, landing with a loud splash.

The third man lunged at Hal then and received a solid boot to the gut for his efforts. The man staggered back and dropped to the deck. Hal tried to force air back into his tortured lungs and deal with the man holding the board at the same time, but to no avail.

The board caught him solidly across his chest and knocked Hal back into the railing, the wind knocked right out of him again. Feebly, Hal tried to push himself forward but was unable to see through the dark spots in his eyes. He felt the sailor give him one last, solid push and Hal toppled backwards into space.

The big man fell straight down, colliding with the seething water headfirst and limply. The shock of cold almost brought him out of his stupor, but the impact with the sea had knocked him senseless. As it was, Hal felt himself rapidly losing consciousness as he sank, trying desperately to breathe water.

*

In abject horror, Tasha watched as Hal was knocked over the ship's rail. Only dimly did she hear the splash his body made as he struck the ocean waters below. She remained frozen in position for another moment. Then, screaming in fury, Tasha rushed forward and leapt at the man carrying the board.

Her shoulder caught the man squarely behind the knee, causing him to cry out in surprise and fall painfully to the side. Wasting no time, Tasha quickly snatched up the fallen piece of lumber and swung it at the man. There was a solid crack as the board snapped over the man's head, sending splinters cascading into the air. The man collapsed to the rolling deck unconscious, blood welling out from a long gash over his eye.

Tasha didn't even notice. She was back on her feet and scanning the water below for any signs of Hal. She nearly cried out in frustration for it was far too dark for her to see very much. Then, a ways off to the left, there appeared to be a flash of movement too spasmodic to simply have been more water. 

At that moment Tasha was spun about by a rough hand on her shoulder. Not even hesitating in her movements, Tasha’s training took over. Using her turning momentum as she'd been taught and thrust a right cross out blindly. The sailor who had grabbed her shoulder instantly regretted it as Tasha's fist collided solidly with his long nose. The man clapped both hands to his face and spun away, grunting in pain.

Another sailor advanced on her from the side, both arms outstretched to grab a hold of her. Tasha deftly stepped within the man's reach, her arms crossed at the wrists and lunging for his throat. Slamming his neck into her wrists and staggering back, the man dropped to his knees, gasping and choking for air.

Tasha was finally given a moment to assess the situation. Three more sailors were quickly advancing on her, along with their dwarven captain, Dirgen. For some reason, the knuckles on the dwarf's right hand glittered metallically in the moonlight. 

Tasha was getting very upset. She was certain that she couldn’t take on all of the men by herself. She was equally certain that Hal was drowning as she stood there. Yet she couldn't just turn and leap overboard, she highly doubted that the sailors would even let her try given the hungry look in their eyes. 

Tasha could have wept in frustration.

At that precise moment, there came a horrendous yell from behind the sailors. The sailors, spooked, turned back towards the sound. Tasha stretched up slightly on her toes and got a better view.

In the middle of the now mostly dispersed crowd, stood the Crimson Bloodied-Fist, dressed only in his kilt. The blue tattoos across his chest and forearms glowed eerily in the moonlight, seeming almost to ripple and move with a life of their own as the keltoi inhaled and exhaled explosively. Ceorn's hair was in complete disarray and his yellow eyes seemed unfocused but clear at the same time.

Without warning Ceorn charged forward. He slammed into the first sailor at full tilt and bodily shoved him back into one of his associates. Ceorn then pivoted gracefully on the ball of one foot and slammed a brutal roundhouse punch crushingly into a third sailor's face. The man's body actually left the deck for a moment, flipping completely over to land painfully on his face. The keltoi glared over at the dwarven captain and slowly began to move in on him, an evil grin spreading across his face.

Tasha took a moment longer to make certain that Ceorn had the situation well in hand, feeling even more reassured when Garn came up on deck to inspect the noise. Realizing that she could wait no longer, Tasha hopped up onto the ship's railing, trying to get a fix on where she'd last seen Hal and dove headlong into the icy ocean water.

She sliced through the waves like an arrow passing through silk, chilled to the bone in a matter of seconds. Tasha plunged downwards, searching in all directions for any sign of Hal. 

Deeper she swam, her lungs already beginning to cry out for air. She ignored it. Under no circumstances was she about to let Hal drown. Yet, no matter which way she looked, she could not see him. It's too dark!

Tasha began to panic. Her need for fresh air was getting stronger but her own stubborn nature wouldn't let her quit. Desperately, Tasha closed her eyes and curled up into a little ball, stretching out with her mind.

For yet another terribly long moment, she had no response. Then, a ways off to her right, Tasha found him. He was slowly sinking, about twenty meters away from the ship's hull. After firmly establishing a mental link with Hal's barely conscious psyche, Tasha rocketed in that direction. Swimming with long, powerful strokes, all the while ignoring the slow, burning sensation in her lungs. 
	
At long last she reached him. His large body was completely unresponsive, sinking slowly into the ocean's depths. Tasha wrapped both of her arms about Hal's massive chest and began to kick upwards, straining for the sky with all her might.

The first couple of feet went well, but the lack of fresh air had taken its toll on Tasha. In mere moments her strength began to flag. Hal was just too heavy for her to carry without help. She began to panic again. Dammit Hal! she though furiously at him as she kicked. Wake up! For the love of the Gods Above, Hal! You must wake up!

For a brief second, Tasha would of sworn that she had felt some sort of response from Hal. Then it faded and continued to fade away into an impossibly black pit. Tasha was absolutely frantic. Hal! she screamed mentally. Please wake up! Please! If you don't wake up, we'll die! We'll both die! Please wake up, Hal! Please... 

This time, she knew that she felt something. Nothing tangible enough to phrase into words, but something. Mentally, Tasha could feel Hal beginning to claw, crawl and fight his way up out of the pit. Enough so that he could help in some small way.

All through this, Tasha kept on kicking. Smoothly and powerfully. After another moment, she noticed that they were beginning to rise less slowly. Somehow, Hal seemed less difficult to carry. Not that he was actually able to help swim, but that he wasn't just dead weight now. 

Then, ever so faintly off in the back of her mind, Tasha would have sworn that she'd heard Hal call out her name. 

They broke the surface. Tasha gasped in lungful’s of sweet, cold air. A wave tossed her and Hal against the hull of the Dirgen's Pride, almost causing her to lose her grip on the big man. As it was, just keeping his head above the water was struggle enough for her. 

"Give him here!" cried out a voice from her immediate right. Tasha started violently and looked. There was Garnthalisbain, crouched over and floating in midair several inches above the surface of the water. He had one arm stretched out, the other was clenched around three ordinary goose feathers. Tasha struggled to hand Hal over to the mage, but just had no strength left. 

At last, Garnthalisbain lowered himself down closer to the floundering pair and hooked his hand under one of Hal's large arms, gently stroking one of the feathers over his bicep and whispering in a strange tongue. Then, to Tasha's utter amazement, Garn casually scooped Hal up over one shoulder and held out his free hand to her. She took it without a word and let the feather be passed over her arm as well. Within seconds Tasha was standing next to Garn on nothing but air.

"Whatever you do," he said cautiously. "Don't let go of me until we get back on board." Tasha nodded as Garn closed his eyes in concentration. Slowly, the three of them began to rise up into the air until they were level with the deck of the ship and could step aboard once again.

Tasha was unsurprised to see Ceorn standing amidst an array of unconscious sailors with an enraged look on his face. He held the unconscious Dirgen by the scruff of his neck and was holding a metallic object in his other hand. When Tasha took the time to look at him curiously, he showed her the item. "Brass knuckles," he clarified, disgust dripping with every syllable.
 
Tasha nodded though she wasn't terribly concerned with that at the moment. Garn had laid Hal's drenched form down on the deck and was checking for a pulse. He blinked suddenly. "Well I'll be damned," he whispered. "The bastard's even more stubborn than he looks." Quickly, Garn tilted Hal's head to the side and let as much of the water drain out of the big man's lungs that he could. Satisfied that he'd done his best with that, the mage folded his hands over and placed them over the big man's breastbone, thrusting repeatedly to get Hal's heart started again.

Garn kept it up for a minute or two, stopping occasionally to breathe into Hal's mouth and force air into his lungs. There was no effect. Tasha could feel Hal slowly slipping away again, sliding back down into that endless pit of darkness. Not wanting to get in Garn's way, Tasha knelt down on Hal's opposite side and gripped his massive hand tightly, sending desperate messages to Hal's fading mind.

"Breathe dammit!" Garn cried out angrily, frustration etched across his face. "You've still got a pulse so bloody well breathe!" He leaned down forced air into the big man's lungs again.

They kept this up for another couple of minutes before, finally, Hal coughed. Water spurted out of his mouth in a great gush and spilled out onto the deck. He coughed again, violently. Hal's body curled up onto its side and spewed out the last of the water settled in his lungs, allowing him to take his first real breath in minutes.

Hal's eyes fluttered open and he collapsed down onto his back. Garn let out a long held breath, sighing in relief. "You scared me for a minute there, oaf," he said wearily though without a trace of venom. "I thought for sure that you'd been gone." Hal coughed again, unable to answer. The mage grinned and pat the big man gently on the chest. "That's okay, we'll talk about this later. But right now, I'm going back to bed." And with that, the mage casually stood up and walked back to his cabin.

Ceorn knelt next to Hal and grinned down at him. "Well there, Hal. I hope ye' don't mind my endin' the fight you started without me, do ye’?" Hal shook his head feebly, minutely. The kelt laughed. "Don't worry 'bout it, lad. We all make bad decisions after a few pints. Ye can’t win every fight now can ye’?" The kelt stood back up and dragged Dirgen off to the side to have a few choice words with the distinguished captain.

As they went out of sight, Tasha heard the dwarf mutter one last "Ahr," under his breath.

Tasha continued to hold onto Hal's hand and stare down at him. Hal met her gaze and locked onto it, not looking at anything else. Weakly he squeezed the hand that she held and blinked once. Tasha nearly wept with relief. 

When she was able to speak again, she said through her watery eyes: "Hal, you and I are going to have a nice little talk about all of this as soon as you're up to it. You hear me?"

A ghost of Hal's goofy grin spread across his face. His lips moved partially and with as much strength as he could muster, he whispered. "Yes, milady."

Chapter 9 - The Sunraiders

Garn was miserable.

In the week since the Dirgen's Pride reached the coast of Southmoor, Tasha, Hal, Ceorn and Garn himself had been travelling hard. Garn determined that the journey mightn’t have been so bad if they weren't walking the whole way, their horses having been sold back at Wayfarer's Port. 

And, of course, if it hadn’t been snowing for nearly seven days. 

The snow came down in big, thick flakes that clumped into wet and soggy mounds all over the road. Thankfully, it wasn't that cold. Garn was far too irritable to be interested in the exact temperature, however. All Garn knew was that he had been seasick for the entire voyage across the Inner Sea and had been greatly looking forward to the opportunity to be on dry land again. Needless to say, the only dry land that they found was in a roadside inn.

Also, watching Ceorn happily gallivanting in the snow, with a big smile on his face as he threw corny jokes back at the rest of them wasn't exactly helping the young mage's disposition either.

They walked along in silence for the most part, not having very much to say. Garn grumbled silently into his thick cloak, his piercing green eyes the only part of him visible through the cowl. Ceorn walked in the lead, being the person most familiar with the territory. His kilt flapped slightly in the slow breeze with his cloak open at the front, making it look more like a cape. He laughed jovially, continually making statements about how good it felt to be almost home. 

Tasha was wrapped up tightly in her cloak, valiantly trying to keep the dampness out. She was afraid that she might be coming down with a cold and certainly didn't want to be sick while on the road. Following directly behind her, of course, was Hal. The big man was watching over her protectively, though in silence. Ever since the escapade on the ship, Hal had been acting differently. He was still dressed in his patchwork clothing, although he had modified the sleeves on his shirt and the leggings on his pants so that he was covered more completely and under a long brown cloak. 

It was nearing evening. All four of them were tired and hungry after another long day of trudging through the snow and slush. Ceorn began casting about for a place to set up camp for the night, knowing that, even if they found an inn, they would be hard pressed to afford lodging.
	
Tasha called a halt. "Ceorn. Go off into the trees with Hal and try to find a small clearing for us. Don't be too fussy, just about anything will do."

Ceorn grinned toothily. "Aye there, lass. Don't ye worry. Me and Hal'll find somethin'. Ain't that right big guy?" he asked, entering the trees. 

Hal shrugged minutely. "Yeah," he mumbled softly, following the kelt. Soon, both men were out of immediate sight.

Gratefully, Garn began to sink to the ground to catch a moments rest. But Tasha grabbed his arm and hauled the frail mage back up to his feet. "This had better be important," he growled weakly.

Tasha smiled and pat her friend on the back reassuringly. "Come on, Garn. We've got to find firewood if we want to keep warm tonight."

"What's wrong with the wood around us? Right here?" he asked, gesturing to the half covered sticks of wood and branches that he could see poking out through the snow. 

Tasha sighed tiredly. "Garn, we've been through this how many times now?"

"Eight times I think. Once for each day that we've been walking."

Tasha gave the mage a dirty look. "You know that we're going to need dry wood if want to start a fire."

"And I'm telling you again that we don't."

"Garn, how can you say that?" She shook her head, frustrated beyond words with the mage's stubbornness. "Never mind, I'll go and get the wood myself. You just sit here and be a lazy bastard, okay?"

Garn thought it over for a moment. Then he sat down and looked up into the startled face of Tasha. "Okay," he said with a snarky little grin on his face. Tasha's lips pursed in anger and she looked about to say something. Then she tossed both hands up into the air and stormed off, grumbling to herself heatedly.

Garn smiled again and leaned back against a tree. He closed his eyes and sighed, reveling in the feel of the Power that was his to command, allowing it to warm his shivering limbs.

It always amused Garn how regular people misunderstood what he did with his power, referring to it simply as “magic” and assuming that some arcane syllables and a few totems were all that was required. The first rule Garn ever learned was to acknowledge that the word 'magic' was truly a misnomer. Nothing in the universe ever just happens without a reason. For any spell to be successful, the mage must know full well what it is that he or she is attempting to do. That is to say, if a mage were to make a bolt of lightning strike down from the sky, that mage would have to know that there are particles in the sky that are unbalanced with other particles on the ground and that a lightning bolt is really nothing more than nature's way of balancing those same particles out. 

If the mage is unable to recreate or adjust the state of nature around him while utilizing his internal energies, then there will be no lightning strikes on command.

One out of perhaps a hundred people has the ability to actually feel the forces of the universe. Garn is such a one and has been told that he is perhaps stronger than most in sensing said forces. Now, perhaps one out of ten of those people actually has the ability to manipulate that Power and make it do what he or she wants. Once again, Garnthalisbain was one of those few.

Manipulating the Power is not an easy task. Just knowing what you want the Power to do and then telling it to do so is not nearly enough. It's a struggle in the most real sense of the word. A fierce struggle in which one often has to clutch, claw and grasp to be able to manipulate the Power. Consequently, many mages find it difficult to make even the simplest of spells happen without assistance. That's why mages use what they refer to as 'spell components' to assist in their channeling of the Power. Now, these components can be just about anything, so long as they have some relation to the spell that you want to cast. 

For example. If a mage were to attempt calling a lightning bolt from the sky, he or she would take a piece of rabbit's fur (Actually, the type of fur is irrelevant, Garn thought with a wry grin. Mages are just a superstitious lot.) and a metallic rod. The mage would then rub the two items together as he reached for the Power and spoke in the arcane tongue of mages. It is said that the words spoken often have as much of a manipulative sense over the Power as the person casting it does. The fur and rod build up a charge of those same particles nature uses while the Power reinforces them to the point where there is actually enough of a charge to cause a lightning bolt to strike. 

But even that is not as simple as it sounds. The mage in question must have rock steady nerves and a mind like a vise. He or she must be supremely confident in their own abilities and must not, under any circumstances, allow themselves to become distracted while casting a spell. For if that happens, there is the chance that the Power will be loosed into the surrounding with unforeseeable consequences. 

All of this ran through Garn's mind as he lay back and relaxed, trying to enjoy the brief rest that he had been allowed. 

A slight rustling sound came from the side of the road then. Hal stepped out from the underbrush and acknowledged the mage with a faint nod of his head. "We've found a clearing. It's about a hundred yards that way," Hal said, pointing vaguely behind him in the general direction of the clearing. "Just follow my footprints, you can't miss it." 

Garn sighed and rose to his feet, his back cracking ferociously. "It never fails," he mumbled to himself. "You just get comfortable and then...  "

"What?"

"Never mind, big guy. Tasha's over that way, gathering firewood." Garn waved off-handishly in the direction that Tasha had gone. "Just in case you were concerned, of course." That last Garn threw in almost as an afterthought, a small grin spread across his thin face.

Hal looked down at his friend, the serious look of the last several days still firmly planted upon his face. "I was," he said. "Thank you." Then he adjusted his weapons belt and obediently trudged after Tasha.

Garn attempted to follow directly in Hal's giant footprints, so as to make the walk easier. He soon found that the strides that Hal took were a good ways longer than his, so the mage sighed and began to blaze his own trail along the 'path'.

The clearing was reasonably large, though nothing spectacular in and of itself. It was little more than a slight gap in the forest in which no trees grew. Ceorn was busily working away, moving snow off to the sides as much as possible so they could set up camp using his small half sized shovel. He was shrilly whistling some clannish tune that sliced through the air to Garn's numb ears. The mage was then reminded of the blistering headache that he was suffering from.

Eventually, Ceorn managed to clear enough snow away so that he could pitch their tent. It was an ugly tent made out of some sort of sickly grey canvass, but it was large enough to easily hold all four of them without much crowding. The tent's nicest feature was the optional hole at the peak, which could be covered over if required. This allowed them to have a small fire inside the tent without worrying about suffocation from the smoke. It also meant that they needed to be more careful with the fire, to make sure that it didn't accidentally set the canvass ablaze. But that was a small price to pay for the warmth that it provided.

It was fully dark by the time that Ceorn had the tent set up. Garnthalisbain wrapped himself up in his cloak even more tightly and shivered as he walked over to his corner of the tent. Ceorn grimly began to pick and choose from his collection of firewood, selecting only the smallest and frailest of the pile. "Ach!" he bemoaned loudly. "If' this' all the dry wood around these parts, we could be in for a cold night."

Garn looked up from his shivering for a moment. Just long enough to say, "Throw in some of the bigger logs and light it. I've got it covered."

The keltoi looked at Garn strangely for a moment but shrugged his shoulders and finished laying out the logs, including the damp ones. Then, rubbing briskly at his numbed fingers, Ceorn withdrew his flint and steel. He struck the metals together, directing their sparks onto the tinder with a faintly doubting look on his face. 

Ceorn struggled in vain for several moments as Garn concentrated upon the flint and the steel. He ran through in his mind the reason why the sparks were created from the flint and began to manipulate the Power. Finally, he narrowed his eyes upon the tinder and spoke a single arcane syllable. 

When the very next spark struck, the tinder leapt into flames. Quickly, the small logs in the pit were engulfed and the fire was soon going nicely. Ceorn sat back in surprise, cursing like a demon and checking himself all over to make certain that he didn't get singed anywhere. Then, reassured that he was all right, he relaxed and enjoyed the warmth of the fire.

Approximately twenty minutes later Hal held open the tent flap and allowed Tasha to enter. She placed a small pile of damp wood carefully next to the fire and held her hands, palms forward, out to the flickering blaze. Hal knelt next to her and began to stack his somewhat larger pile of wood next to Tasha's. Then he shook his head like an animal, his long hair whipping about in all directions.

"Careful, Hal," Tasha complained after being accidentally smacked in the face by a loose lock or two. "You're hitting me."

The big man stopped immediately, his face chagrined. "Sorry milady," he whispered. "It won't happen again." At that point, Hal rose to his feet and walked over to his section of the tent. He unbuckled his weapons belt and laid it gently on the ground. Then he slid off his backpack, withdrawing from it his rather immense bedroll. He flapped it out once before setting it down. Finally, he sat down and began to inspect his axe for rust or nicks that needed to be smoothed out.

Tasha looked at Hal strangely and it was quite a while before she glanced away. Garn chalked that little motion up along with the others that he had safely tucked away in the corner of his mind. It may seem like he was never sure what was going on, but... 

Ceorn rummaged around in his pack and withdrew his daily ration of dried beef. He sniffed at it carefully, as if somehow expecting it to taste better than the one he'd had the day before. Needless to say, he was rather disappointed. Nevertheless, he chewed down on it heartily and with much gusto.

Garn realized he was exceptionally hungry also. But the thought of his own trail ration made his stomach turn so he shoved the idea aside.

A short while later, Tasha had begun to yawn. "All right," she said sleepily. "It's almost that time again. Ceorn, you have first watch. Wake Hal in three hours, same as always."

The kelt sprang to his feet, showing no weariness whatsoever and smiled broadly. "Aye, lass. I'll do so right 'way. G'night." Then he all but bounded out the flap, whistling jovially once again.

Hal stretched monstrously, both arms out to the sides and his head tossed back. He scratched at his obviously itchy scalp for a moment or two before removing his cloak. Then, laying down atop his bedroll, Hal brought his cloak up over his chin and tried to fall asleep. 

Tasha did much the same thing, though she closed her eyes and furrowed her brow in concentration for perhaps a good minute and a half first. Garn supposed that she was using her mental abilities to stretch out and possibly scout the area, or something like that. In all honesty, Garn had absolutely no idea what she was doing. But at least he had the integrity to admit that to himself.

At that point, Garn setup his own bedroll and slid right in, cloak and all. He curled up into a little ball and shivered madly. He tried to find a more comfortable position, but his spell books were in the way. After a good solid minute of readjusting, Garn was finally able to settle himself. He relaxed, and tried to sleep.

There were long minutes of silence. Garn was just on the edge of sleep when Tasha suddenly spoke up. "Hal?" she said, speaking almost nervously.

There was a second or two of silence before, Hal's weary voice replied. "Yes, milady?" he yawned.

Tasha seemed to falter then, as if changing her mind. "Nothing," she clarified. "Good night, Hal. Garn."

Garnthalisbain grunted eloquently, saying nothing. "Goodnight, milady," Hal said, speaking drowsily. 

Tasha relaxed and lay back down. Hal yawned one last time and appeared to drop off. Garn ignored it all and finally felt sleep overtake him.

 *

Ceorn yawned. 

There was next to no wind in their little clearing, making it seem actually warm in comparison to earlier. The keltoi found himself yawning despite his attempts at alertness.. But, Ceorn rationalized. After years o' poor sleep in the gladiatorial pens I think I gotta right to be tired. 

He yawned hugely again. However, he couldn't afford to fall asleep on his watch. If'n for n' other reason than 'cause Garn'll ne'er let me forget it.

He stood up and began to briskly circle the camp, rubbing at his arms to keep the blood flowing. He began to shiver at the snow flecks that continually got tossed up beneath his kilt as he walked along. Not for the first time, Ceorn considered trading in his kilt for a good warm pair of woolen slacks. Then he shook his head, thinking about how ridiculous he'd look.

After his third or fourth circle of the camp, his gaze strayed again over to the mountains in the distance. These were the territory of his home, the Clanlands. His entire family was there. The family that he hadn't seen since before his enslavement. He contemplated, not for the first time, leaving Tasha and the others and just making a beeline straight for home without looking back.

Each time he thought this, it became more and more tempting to do so. But always, in the end, he'd force the thought aside and remember the oath he made to Hal. Ceorn owed Hal a life and he had pledged not leave the big man's side until he had saved him from...  whatever. 

Admittedly, he had given the pledge more for the opportunity to be near Tasha a bit longer. But, his word was solid. And if he had given it, he couldn't break it.

Ceorn frowned as he walked along, shaking his head bemusedly. Always thinkin' wit' the wrong head, Ceorn. Absolutely brilliant.

Still, the lure of his homeland was rather intoxicating. He had to at least see more of it. Ceorn cast about the clearing at random, looking for a tree tall and strong enough to support him. He didn't see one readily available. 

He sighed at his own stupidity, but convinced himself that this was an excellent way to make sure that he didn't fall asleep. Mutely, Ceorn trudged out of the clearing. 

It took a few minutes of searching to find one to suit his needs. It was a large highoak with thick and sturdy branches. He clapped his hands together several times to get the blood flowing into them and to keep the fingers loose. Then, with one last look back at the camp to make certain all was well, Ceorn began to climb.

Now no one could have accused the kelt of being in anything less than peak physical condition. But it became very apparent after just a few minutes that climbing really wasn't his thing. Ceorn was panting like a beast by the time he was halfway up the tree. Sweat rolled down his face and steam had started to rise from his clothing into the night air.

"At least," Ceorn grunted to himself between his shallow breaths. "I ain't terribly cold anymore."

After what felt like an eternity but was maybe only twenty minutes later, Ceorn reached the top of the tree. He was greeted by the sight of thick and fluffy clouds rolling off of the mountains in gentle waves. The golden and green moonlight cast an eerie but elegantly warm glow over the whole scene. It highlighted the peaks and added depths to the shadows. It looked like an artist's dream locale. Ceorn could think of nothing more beautiful than the sight of the Clanlands mountain range.

He stayed up there for many long minutes, drinking in the view and wishing with all of his heart that he could be there right now. But, he took a deep breath and once again bid his homeland farewell. Ceorn sat up and stretched, looking down and trying to determine just how he was going to get down from the tree without killing himself.

As he began his descent Ceorn could have sworn that he heard someone shouting. He slowly climbed back to the top of the tree and scanned in all directions. Again he heard a faint cry, this time accompanied by the ring of steel on steel. He was almost frantic now. If there was danger in the area, he was afraid it was a threat to his Clansmen or a threat to his new friends.

Off to the right, perhaps a mile or so beyond the camp, was a flickering orange glow.

Straining, he was able to determine that the sound was definitely coming from that direction. Ceorn immediately assumed that the glow was a fire and that meant a threat to his friends.

But not for sure, Ceorn thought as he shimmied down the tree as quickly as he could, heedless of the height or the danger. By the time he reached the snow covered forest floor, the kelt’s weariness had slid away and he began to jog through the drifts. No point in waking' me friends if there's nothin' to worry 'bout is there?

His kilt flapped against his legs while his cloak trailed behind him like a billowing cape. He breathed in huffing, explosive breaths. Gaining the most energy for the least expended.

He glided between trees like a panther, leaping over fallen logs and snowdrifts as if they weren't there. And still he was silent, not a single unnecessary noise escaped his flying form or his attention.

The sound of steel grew louder and the glow of flame became more prominent. He could hear people crying out in pain and others in anger. Ceorn could feel the adrenaline surge through his veins, singing like an angel of war on the eve of battle. A wicked grin spread unconsciously across his face. 

Ceorn stopped his headlong plunge just short of the trees line and dropped to his stomach. He crawled forward on his elbows, ignoring the cold of the snow and strived to get a better look. Ceorn's head peered over the top of the snow pile that he was behind, his eyes widened in surprise. 

*

Garn was roused from his sleep. Not forcibly or sudden in any way. In truth, it took him a good several minutes to even determine what it was that woke him. Tasha and Hal were talking very softly, obviously not wanting to disturb the mage. However, they were unaware of just how light a sleeper Garn was.

Not wanting to disturb or interrupt his friends, Garnthalisbain cracked open one eye and peered across the tent to see what was going on.

Tasha was sitting up in her bedroll, her arms wrapped about her knees and her blonde hair hanging over her face in wisps. She had a look of reminiscence upon her features and her eyes seemed distant. She was speaking quietly of things back in the Vineyard Grove. "I remember one time," she went on. "My brother Nicodemus took me fishing with him by the stream. This wasn't too long before you came to the Grove, Hal. Anyways, I remember this day in particular day because that was the last time that I got to see him before he left."

"Isn't that the brother that went to become a knight, milady?" Hal asked from his bedroll. He was lying down on his side, facing towards the fire. Garn was able to see his face but not Tasha’s.

Tasha nodded. "Yes. Father gave him permission to chase after his dreams. He gave all of my brothers that chance." She paused for a brief moment, contemplating. Hal’s expression on his shifted to one of sympathy. 

"At any rate, he took me that day to actually say good bye. It was one of the saddest days of my life." Tasha's eyes began to well up just at the memory.

"Why was that, milady?" asked Hal, intersected.

Tasha snuffled softly. "Nico was the only one of my brothers that could associate with me. He's only six years older than me. My other brothers are all at least fifteen." She briskly ran her sleeve across her eyes. "He was the only one of my brothers that I really knew and the only one that spent any time with me." Tasha paused again to snuffle quietly. 

Hal shifted uncomfortably. "He isn't...  " The big man found himself unable to complete the question. 

Tasha shook her head, tossing her hair about a bit. "No. The last word that I received fro said that he had achieved his knighthood and was serving as one of the personal bodyguards to Lord Timoth of Southmoor."

Garn saw a flicker of recognition run across Hal's features. The big man almost sat up. "Who?" he asked anxiously.

"Lord Timoth of Southmoor," Tasha repeated with a slight frown. "You know, the King who reigns over Southmoor. Where we're heading," she prompted

Hal blinked once placed a hand against his head, seeming to relax. "Oh."

"Why? Is there something wrong?"

Scraggly brown hair swung from side to side as Hal shook his head. "I don't think so, milady. I just...  thought that I knew... " He shook his head again as if to clear it. "Nothing to worry about."

Tasha leaned over to him, her face creased curiously. "Are you certain, Hal? You thought you knew what?"

"So, milady," Hal broke in all too casually. "I guess you're eager to see your brother again?"

Tasha frowned at the big man's obvious deception. 

Hal's face assumed an expression of total innocence as he looked at Tasha.

There was the muffled slap of flesh as Tasha reached out and smacked Hal lightly on the shoulder. The big man grabbed his shoulder and huddled up almost fearfully, his smile growing broader as he turned his face away again. "Ow!" he cried out as softly as he could.

Tasha shook her hand out with a wince. "Oh, like that really hurt," she whispered with annoyance.

"Ow!" Hal insisted with a grin.

Tasha leaned back in her bedroll with a sigh. "Whatever, Hal."

They didn't speak for several moments. Garn sighed himself, hoping that he might actually get some sleep now. He closed his eyes and snuggled deeper into his cloak and bedroll. Slowly he felt himself beginning to drift off.

There was a commotion in the tent, brisk movement though exceptionally quiet. Garn's eyes snapped open and several well practiced spells sat on his lips, ready to be used.

Hal was on his feet, his axe in hand and a concerned look on his face. His bedroll was in shambles and his cloak lay at his feet. Tasha was sitting up in bed, looking at the big man in confusion. "What is it?" she asked fearfully.

Hal pressed a finger to his lips, mutely begging her to silence. Very faintly Garn was able to hear the sound of feet crunching through the snow in the distance. The mage stared at the big man in amazement. How did Hal been hear that noise before me? Garn thought in surprise. His own hearing was always considered to be exceptional so he could hardly believe that Hal's was even better. Then Garn remembered all of the times that he had snuck up on Hal in the past and wondered how he'd ever gotten away with it.

"Is someone attacking?" Tasha asked nervously, scrabbling for her weapon. Hal motioned her to silence again and stalked towards the tent flap. Garn took a mental note to ask what had happened to their watchman when he had the opportunity. 

Then he scrapped the note as Ceorn burst into the tent and immediately cried out in astonishment, dropping to the floor as Hal swung his axe forcefully right through the area where his head had been.

The big man looked down at the astonished kelt angrily for a moment, obviously not trusting himself to speak. Then he stalked back over to his bedroll and began to reorganize his things.

Tasha gazed over at the kelt and noted that there was something important on the man's mind. "What's wrong Ceorn? Is there trouble?"

"Maybe," Lochlaven said, panting slightly. "Ye'll have to see for yourselves. Just trust me when I say that somethin' big seems to be goin' on."

*

All four of the travelers crouched down behind the same snow bank that Ceorn had been behind not ten minutes before. During that time though, it appeared that the crisis had passed. 

There were scorched remains of what seemed to have been wagons. As it was only one wagon remained intact. There were bodies sprawled across the clearing, some brutally mutilated. They didn't appear to have been soldiers in any way. Just families that were part of a caravan. 

Tasha's hand clenched the hilt of her short sword tightly. Her knuckles had turned white and her face was set in a grim mask as she counted the bodies. 

"Where are the people who did this, Ceorn?" asked Hal. Both of his hands were clasped fiercely about the haft of his axe. The thick muscles in his arms were continually flexing and relaxing.

"I'm not sure. They were here just a moment ago." Ceorn scanned the field anxiously for several seconds, his clear yellow eyes taking in everything. Suddenly, he snapped up his arm and pointed. "There's one o' the bastards!"

Tasha followed the direction of Ceorn's finger. He was pointing to the trees on the other side of the clearing. Several men strode out from the brush. There was nothing exceptionally remarkable about said men, save that they were all dressed in poor clothing. Ragged cloaks and re-stitched shirts and pants. Squinting slightly, Tasha was able to discern that they were all wearing a black arm band around the biceps of their left arms.

Garn began to curse under his breath. The others looked at him anxiously. He waved his hand in the direction of the highwaymen. "It figures," he muttered. "We go days on the road without seeing a single solitary person. Then, when we finally come across some, they've been attacked by the Sunraiders."

Ceorn growled in his throat while Tasha gasped in alarm. Hal however got a rather confused look on his face. He turned to the mage and voiced the source of his befuddlement. "The Sunraiders?"

Garn motioned to the men again. "See the black arm bands?" Hal nodded. "We're too far away from them to discern the emblem of the sun that's inscribed on each one of them. But it's there all the same. That's the symbol of the Sunraiders."

"Ye’ see, Hal," Ceorn elaborated. "The Sunraiders are a large sort of guild of thieves, robbers and murderers. They have a post in every town, city and port." The kelt spat cruelly off to the side. "I hate th' Sunraiders. They're a group of cowardly bastards who haven’t got the nerve to fight on their own. Always preying on weak and vulnerable."

"That's all well and good," Garn broke in calmly. "But what does all of this have to do with us, Lochlaven? It seems to me that this fight is over. There doesn't appear to be anything that we can do here. Or any reason why we should."

Hal glared down at the mage. "You're trying to tell me that those men don't deserve to be beaten for this atroc...  atrosh...  this deed?"

Garn shook his head. "I'm not saying that at all, Hal. If there were still some people alive for us to save, I would at least see a point to running in there and rescuing them. But as it stands...  what can we gain from attacking except risking our lives?"

Ceorn cut in. "But when y'all saved m'life, ye' could'a been killed 'ere too."

"That was different Ceorn," said Tasha ruefully. "Your life was at stake, or at least we thought it was. This time, as much as I hate to admit it, there might not be anyone left for us to defend."

"Milady, you don't think we should just leave?" Hal's voice displayed his horror at the idea. Tasha winced in sympathy for the big man's feelings.

Tasha reached over and laid a hand on Hal's shoulder. "I don't like the idea either, Hal. But this isn't any of our business. The last thing that we need is to have the Sunraiders dogging our trail every step of the way to Southmoor. I'm sorry." She gave Hal's shoulder a squeeze before removing her hand.

Hal riveted his gaze to the scene before them, not trusting himself to speak. Ceorn cast a look at the big man and grinned dangerously. "Are ye' thinkin' what I think yer' thinkin, Hal?"

The big man nodded. "I think so."

Garn spoke out, alarm set firmly in his eyes. "Hold it you two! Didn't you hear what we just said. We cannot afford to attack these men without a better reason. This battle is over. It would be risking our lives for nothing!"

Hal cast a sideways glance at the frail mage. "No one asked you to come along, Garn." Ceorn laughed harshly then, cracking his knuckles.

"That's enough you two," Tasha broke in. Her face was set grimly. "Ceorn, I have no hold over you, so if you want to dive in there and risk your life. That's up to you." She turned her gaze towards Hal then. The big man found himself almost forced to meet her eyes. "But you Hal are a different matter."

"How so milady?"

Tasha leaned closer to the big man, locking her gaze with his. "For years now you've claimed to be my bodyguard, consequently placing you under my command, right?" Horrified, Hal saw where Tasha was going with this and nodded. "Now, I didn't save your life at sea just to let you get yourself killed in a hopeless battle. So I forbid you from attacking those men. You hear me? I forbid you." She watched with dismay as a look of dejection slid across Hal's face. "Is that understood?"

Hal desperately tried to rally back. "But... "

"Is that understood?"

The big man lowered his head and clutched the haft of his axe so fiercely that Tasha feared it might shatter. "Yes, milady," he mumbled so quietly that she almost failed to hear him.

There was silence amongst the travelers for long moments. Tasha deeply regretted having to do that to Hal. She wanted to destroy those men herself, wanted it so badly that she almost surprised herself. But she knew, intellectually, that she could not. Not like this.
It was neither the time nor the place.

Seeing that no one had any intention of moving, Garn slowly began to rise to his feet. "Well, if that's decided, we should head back to... "

Ceorn cut him off and pointed to the clearing. "What's that?"

All four looked to where the Sunraiders were gathered. Three of them were in the process of hanging a colorfully garbed individual by his ankles in the nearest highoak tree. The others were laughing raucously and were cruelly taking pot-shots at the poor individual. Many of the coarse voices and their insults sailed through the intervening space to the ears of the travelers. 

At that point several men strode out of the sole remaining wagon. All three of them readjusting the straps on their breeches and belts. They too were laughing raucously. Three new men scrambled up into the wagon, laughing eagerly. After just a few minutes in the wagon all four could faintly hear muffled, high pitched screams of agony and despair.

Ceorn's face went livid. He began to curse profoundly under his breath. It took him almost a full minute for him to repeat himself. Garnthalisbain was thunderstruck, his lower jaw was dangling somewhere down by his knees and his eyes seemed to want to pop out of their sockets. 

Tasha was horrified at what she saw. She gripped her sword's hilt until her fingers hurt. She ran her other hand through her hair anxiously and noted that it was trembling with anger. 

Strangely enough, Hal was the one who seemed the most calm. But one look in his eyes, as he slowly turned his to look at Tasha, displayed the extreme and unspeakable rage that bubbled just beneath the surface of his placid exterior. "Milady," he asked softly in a voice that was just tense with emotion. "Now may I attack them?"

Both Garn and Ceorn turned to regard Tasha's face at that moment. They saw the way that she was chewing on her lower lip in concentration and the way her clear amber eyes were blazing.

"Yes, Hal," she said, speaking just as calmly as he did. "You may attack them now."

Chapter 10 - Ambori of Threeapples Vale

Wet snow dribbled down the bard's face. Or is that be up? he asked himself absently. It was hard to make that sort of distinction while hanging upside down from the branch of a tree. His ankles had begun to throb painfully, needing a break from the constant strain of having all his weight pulling. 

He looked -up?- at his colorfully flamboyant clothing and noted with dismay that it would take hours of effort to get them clean. His yellow and orange striped pantaloons were stained with Sunraider blood, effectively ruining the pattern. His mismatched boots, one black the other brown, were slowly being wrecked by the rawhide cord wrapped about his ankles. 

His quilt-like, patchwork jerkin was torn in places and his matching purple cape had been torn off his back. That neck clasp will surely need to be replaced. And, if that all wasn't bad enough, his wide brimmed, bright green hat with the red feather plume was half buried in a snow bank just below his head, a dirty footprint smeared all over it. 

No doubt about it, he thought to himself. This just isn't my day.

He checked on the lone Sunraider guarding him. The man was heavyset, but not terribly large. Going by the pudginess of the man's face, he had the look of an individual who enjoyed his meals a bit too much. The man had a scar along his right cheek that looked more like he had cut himself shaving than anything else.

"Excuse me," began the treed individual after clearing his throat thoroughly. "Can I ask you something?"

The man sighed tiredly and shifted the sword at his large belt. "What is it this time, bard?"

The bard chose his words carefully. "You see, it's like this. I have a slight problem here. You and your...  er, associates attacked our caravan just after we'd finished our evening meal. Now during that meal I had the opportunity to consume a great deal of some very fine Torvikan ale. I tell you, it really hit the spot after a long day on the road." The highwayman glared at the bard threateningly, hurrying him on.

"So anyway, you fellows jumped us at a very inappropriate time. Well, that is to say inappropriate for us in the caravan. Obviously, none of us were expecting anything untoward at all, having just gorged ourselves completely on a very fine... "

"Get to the point, Bard! I don't have the patience for this."

The bard nearly stumbled over his words as he spoke. "What I'm trying to say is that, well. I haven't been given the opportunity as of yet to relieve myself from that fantastic ale. And with all of the death and killing, well...  I kind of just forgot about it. Until now."

The Sunraider left his perch and stepped up close to the bard, glaring at him dead in the eye. "You gotta pee?" he asked incredulously.

The bard got very red in the face then and looked to the side abashedly. "Essentially, yes." He admitted.

The man laughed harshly then, spraying the bard with spittle. "That's what your pants are for you peacock." He laughed again.

"Actually," continued the treed bard in his flippant tone. "I have a better idea."

The man looked at him amusedly making a motioning gesture with one hand. "And that would be?"

The bard scratched at the back of his head. "Oh, just this." 

The Sunraider choked and staggered back, both hands clasped to his throat. Blood spilled out between his fingers and down over his dirty tunic. The highwayman collapsed then to the ground, his breath coming out in a slow and wet gurgle. His body twitched spasmodically several times before finally laying still. Steam rose from the warmth released into the air and billowed out in small clouds from the long gash across the man's neck.

The bard reached up and grabbed for his feet with one hand. In the other he held a bloodied dagger, the one that he always kept sheathed along his back. Just in case.  

It took a few seconds to saw through the cord at his feet. When he was finally free, he dropped carefully to the ground and rolled to take the impact off of his knees, wincing as blood rushed back into his abused ankles. Reaching his feet, he replaced the dagger in the sheath on his back before walking over to the corpse. He knelt down beside it and stared into the dead eyes for a long moment. "I saw you kill a small child with a smile on your face, you bastard, " he coldly told the steaming corpse. "That was less than you deserved, but it's all I have time for."

The bard stood up and retrieved his hat and cape from the snow, replacing them on his lean frame. He wasn't an exceptionally tall man. He didn't appear to be very strong or tough but he had a wiry bounce in his legs that was hard to conceal. He had brown hair that was striving to reach his shoulders and bright green eyes. His face was clear and slender with high cheekbones and he looked out of place without a lute in his hands. 

Now comes the moment of truth, Ambori, he said to himself. I just hope you're up to it. 

Crouching down, lower to the snow, the bard began to creep to the edge of the underbrush to get a better look at the rest of the Sunraiders.

Ambori of Threeapples Vale was no hero. In fact, if anyone were ever to accuse him of being one the bard would probably laugh in their faces. More than once when faced with a violent situation had Ambori simply taken to his heels and fled, taking the better part of valor with him.

But there wasn't anybody else in danger before, he reminded himself firmly. Even if I made it away and found some sort of marshal or something, there's no way that I'd make it back here in time to save those women and children. Ambori sighed heavily, trying not to remind himself that there was almost no way for him to succeed in rescuing those same women and children with twenty or so armed men trying to stop him.

The night was slowly fading as the bard stalked over to the remaining wagon. There were quite a few shadows for him to glide through as he crept. Most of the men seemed to be lounging around their campfire, eating the food that the caravan had been carting into Southmoor for sale. Some were asleep while the others were waiting for their turn in the wagon. With the ladies. The bard clenched his fists angrily. He had become terribly fond of some the ladies during their journey together and promised to make these men pay.

He was approximately halfway to the wagon when he ran out of viable cover. Be it a bush or a snow bank or one of the destroyed wagons. The only thing separating him from the Sunraiders now was roughly fifty or so yards of open ground. 

The bard considered his options though he didn't have many. He could slink along the ground until the men finally saw him, which would do little other than tire him out more than he already was. Or he could boldly stride towards the wagon and attack aimlessly, hoping to get lucky. Either way, he'd most likely get swarmed and would die.

I hate not having any good options. 

The bard backed away from the scene cautiously. He needed more time to think this through. He wouldn't be able to help anybody if he was dead. He stalked back towards a destroyed wagon and hid behind it. He plotted for several more minutes and still couldn't come up with a better idea. 

At that point, Ambori saw two of the 'Raiders leave the fire and walk over to where he'd been hanging. Presumably they were checking up on the guard, possibly even going to relieve him of his post. 

Knowing that his hand had been forced Ambori concentrated fiercely, trying to come up with any sort of plan, even a really bad one. 

Ah, to hell with it. I didn't want to live forever anyway.

Ambori practically flew back the way that he had come, desperately trying to reach the tree he'd been hanging from before the Sunraiders did. 

It was a close race. The 'Raiders could walk in a straight line to the tree while Ambori had to sprint as cautiously as he could in a wide arc, so as not to alarm the rest of the highwaymen. Every ground eating stride that the bard took tired himself out that much more, but he did nothing but increase his speed as he neared. 

As it was, they just about beat him there. They were within ten strides of seeing their deceased comrade when Ambori crashed out of the underbrush to their immediate left. The wearied bard leapt at his enemies with both arms outstretched and his colorful cape flapping behind him.

All three men hit the snow in a tangle. The bard managed to roll aside and withdraw his remaining dagger. The 'Raiders reached their feet soon after and regarded their opponent with surprise. That was all the rest that the bard gave them as he rushed forward, swinging his dagger ferociously. The bigger of the two men grunted as he got sliced across the chest. He stumbled back and felt at the wound, reaching for his sword. 

The smaller man began to run back to their camp, shouting out the alarm on every step. The big man backed away from the furious bard and drew his sword, a menacing grin on his scarred face. Ambori noted with dismay that this man was easily the largest of the group and was most likely the strongest. He stood at a bit over six feet in height and had arms that bulged even through his long-sleeved tunic. 

Ambori took a few steps away from the big man and swallowed nervously, taking a moment or two to catch up on his breathing. "You're a big one, aren't you?" he panted.

The Sunraider laughed deeply. "So I hear."

The bard chuckled slightly himself. "Too bad the ladies would have a hard time agreeing with that sentiment, eh?" 

The big man's face got very dangerous looking very quickly. He snarled, charging forward and slicing downwards with his sword.

Ambori dodged away from the sword cut and rolled to the side, scoring a minor cut on the big man's leg as he tumbled past. Unaffected, the big man spun about and reversed the swing, looking to decapitate the smaller bard. The colorfully garbed fellow simply dropped down to his back and watched the sword pass gracefully over top of his prone form.

Enraged, the big man raised up with his booted foot to stomp down on the bard's stomach. Ambori rolled aside, spattered slightly with snow as the big man continued to stomp. The game continued a few moments longer until the big man lashed downwards with his sword. Frantically Ambori rolled backwards, the steel blade slashing through his cape as he reached his knees.

Not wasting a second longer, Ambori slid his feet beneath him a and soared into the air. The 'Raider's eyes widened in surprise as the bard's lithe form twisted in mid-air and both heels caught him full in the face. The big man stumbled back and fell to the ground, his sword still firmly in hand as Ambori lightly landed face first to the snow. The 'Raider was scrambling back to his feet and saw the bard roll onto his back and curl up on his shoulders. With a quick snap of his legs, Ambori arced his back and vaulted up to his feet, knife at the ready.

 The big man wiped the back of his hand across hiss bleeding mouth and looked at the bard with new respect. "Nice moves." 

The bard shrugged and grinned insolently. "That's what your mother said."

With his eyes narrowed angrily, the big Sunraider charged forward in a fury, powerfully slashing back and forth with his sword. Ambori ducked and dodged frantically, trying to find a way out. 

Feeling something solid press up against his back, Ambori froze in surprise. The big man snarled in victory and swung his sword viciously. Ducking at the absolute last second, the bard managed to roll aside. The big man's sword splintered its way into the tree trunk and firmly lodged itself there. 

Ambori spun around on one knee and hurled his dagger at the man's exposed side with all of his might. Instinctively, the man threw himself to the ground and avoided the sharpened steel. The dagger struck the tree at a bad angle and ricocheted off into the underbrush.

Taking a quick look to his left, the bard saw several of the 'Raiders from around the campfire rushing in his direction. He sighed again. "This has really not been my day," he muttered. 

The big man, having given up on his sword, stood before the bard with a sneer on his face. "You've got a big mouth, bard. Good thing I don't need a sword to shut it for you." And then he slowly began to advance.

Ambori began to back away. "You know, I'm going to tell you the same thing that I told your mother." He stumbled slightly in a snowdrift but swiftly regained his footing and kept backing away. "I don't like to wrestle with people who outweigh me by a good hundred stone...  and I think that you both qualify."

The big man's face twisted with rage "Shut up, damn you!" he snarled as he charged forward.

The bard was surprised at the sudden movement of the big man. So surprised that he actually took to his heels and ran. 

It was close, the big man just a stride behind him the whole way. You know, Ambori thought distractedly. I'd always thought the phrase "he was breathing down the back of my neck" was just a figure of speech. Well, live and learn I guess.

Frantic, Ambori saw that he was being herded directly towards the trunk of an immense highoak tree, surrounded by dense underbrush. Trapped! He panicked for a brief moment before an idea suddenly occurred to him. 

When they were within perhaps three strides of the tree, the bard leapt forward and planted his right foot against the trunk. Using that as a takeoff point, Ambori heaved with all of his might and back-flipped over the charging man in a graceful arc. As the bard landed softly in the snow the big man rammed his shoulder full speed into the tree and howled in pain, staggering uncontrollably. 

As the big man dropped to his knees, Ambori saw the first of the reinforcements reach the small clearing where he had been hung out to dry, so to speak. The bard cursed softly and turned to the big man to see if he carried another weapon.

Seeing a small hunting knife at the big man's belt Ambori reached down for it, slamming a punch to the side of the Sunraider's face to keep him stunned. But when he felt a pair of strong arms slide around his slender form and press him crushingly to the big man's chest, he realize that perhaps the brute wasn't as stunned as he had first thought. 

The big man stood up, lifting the bard up into the air and continued to squeeze the life out of him. Ambori was unable to even cry out in pain as there nothing left in his lungs to form a sound with. He could feel his ribs creaking under the increasing pressure and could see black spots before his eyes. He strained with all of his might to draw a breath but could get no air past the barrier.

So this is how it ends, he thought to himself dismally. How meaningless. I was only able to take one of them down with me. He started to see nothing but black. Isn't this where my life is supposed to flash before my eyes? I hope it doesn't focus too much on my childhood, I don't know if I want to go through that again... 

He was suddenly released. Air filled his lungs and he reveled in the cold, sweet taste. He fought to clear his vision, not wanting to be caught off guard again. 

When he could finally see, he noted that an exceptionally beautiful young woman was staring anxiously into his face. Her long blonde hair hung loosely, drawing attention all on its own. But her eyes! A liquid amber that his creative nature wanted nothing less than to compose an entire ballad for.

Am I dead? Ambori asked himself curiously. Then he saw the big man that he had been battling with staring up in fright at something that the woman was blocking from his sight. "Guess not," he mumbled softly. Then he coughed painfully for several seconds.

"Are you all right?" the woman asked. The bard ignored her for a moment and strained to see past her and note what his opponent was so afraid of. The woman turned as well, watching the proceedings. 

Standing before the Sunraider was, bar none, the biggest human being that Ambori had ever seen or heard of. He towered over the Sunraider by half a foot and was broader at the shoulders by even more than that. His hair was in a hopeless tangle on the top of his head and his eyes flashed a menacing grey. There was an immense broadsword belted at his waist and a battle-axe in his hand. 
 
The Sunraider was staring transfixed into the huge man's gaze like some frightened animal waiting for the slaughter. The woman rose and stepped forward to stand next to the larger man. "Are you waiting for something, Hal?" she asked. "Ceorn and Garn are already fighting the others. We don't have any time to fiddle around with."

"I know, milady." He spoke in a voice even deeper than the Sunraider's. "This won't take long." Incredulously, the one known as Hal handed his axe over to the other man haft first. "Here," he said. "I refuse to fight an unarmed man."

The bard's opponent looked incredulously at the bigger man. Then both of his hands snatched the axe and whipped it back, poised to strike. The woman cried out in terror and the bard froze in shock.

But the larger man calmly kicked the bard's opponent in the stomach. The big man doubled over and dropped Hal's axe to the ground. Then Hal grabbed a handful of the man's hair and pulled him to an upright position where he proceeded to slam his right fist into the man's face three times.

The man cried out agonizingly with each blow, blood gushing from his shattered nose and his left eye already closing over from the swelling. "Finish him, Hal!" Cried the woman. "We don't have time for this!" 

Hal complied wordlessly. He grabbed a hold of the big man's belt with his free hand and heaved the Sunraider headlong at the same tree that he'd hit previously. The big ‘Raider sailed through the air, unable to stop his forward momentum, and hit the highoak with a sickening crunch. As the body dropped to the ground, all could see the grotesque way in which the neck had twisted around.

The woman swung her gaze away. "I can't believe you did that, Hal. That was cruel."

Hal retrieved his axe and offered the bard a hand to his feet. The bard took it wordlessly. "No more so than what they've done, milady. I just gave him what he deserved." He looked down at the bard. "You all right?" he asked.

"Yeah," he said shakily. "Thanks."

Hal nodded. "I'm Hal. This is Lady Tasha Pellaren of the Vineyard Grove. I need to help the others with the fight. We could use your help if you're...  up to it."

Ambori nodded briefly. "Sure. Could you give me a couple of minutes though? I'm still …” Coughing cut off whatever he was about to say next.

Hal grinned slightly, excitedly. The energy of battle surging in his veins. He turned to Tasha. "Milady? Could you watch the bard while I go help the others?"

Tasha's eyes clouded over briefly, as if she were about to get upset. "Hal, I want to help out here too." Her tone of voice was something less than congenial.

The large man sighed. "I know that, milady. But you can help best by watching out for this man until he can enter the fray." He looked anxiously over in the direction where the sounds of battle were coming from. "Now if you'll excuse me, milady?" He hefted his axe and was off at a dead run.

The bard leaned wearily against a tree. "Hi," he said, still a bit breathless. "My name's Ambori. I'm from Threeapples Vale. A pleasure to make your acquaintance."

Tasha smiled tightly. "Thanks. A pleasure."

She seemed tense, almost as eager to enter the fray as Hal had been. "Not to be impetuous or anything like that. But where in the world did you people come from?"

Tasha waved a hand in the general direction of the camp. "About three miles that way. We heard a commotion and decided to check it out." She said nothing for a few minutes, staring anxiously in the direction of the fight. "Are you ready?" she asked

Ambori flicked his wrist once or twice to loosen it up and lurched to his feet. "Ready and willing, milady."

She looked at him guardedly, a small smile spreading across her lips. "Great," she muttered absently. "Just what I needed. Another one of you overly polite individuals." She sighed and drew her shortsword form it's sheathe. "Come on." She said, leading the way. Ambori followed intensely as Tasha frowned. "Don't you have a weapon?"

The bard nodded. "Yep." He said, pointing off into the woods. "It's right over there. I'm going to get it as soon as I can, I assure you."

Tasha cast an odd look in his direction but didn't have time to say anything else for the battle was upon them.

Ambori got his first good look at his new associates during the battle. An enraged kelt, Ceorn presumably, was a literal whirlwind of death. He was ducking and twirling about in a frenzy, striking whichever man was closest viciously with his fists, elbows or knees. The bard was astonished to note that the kelt actually carried no weapons. Of course, I guess he doesn't really need them. Ambori counted two unmoving bodies already around Ceorn and the berserker was just getting started. 

Off near the trees was a small man in dark robes, obviously a mage. Ambori couldn't seem to recall the man's name at the time but was hopeful that he'd get an introduction later. The bard assumed that the mage was the reason why one man was smoldering on the ground and why another was suspended some twenty feet in the air. As Ambori watched, the levitated man was inverted, so that his head was facing the ground, and then dropped. The man gave a brief cry of fear before striking the ground. 

Hal was off to the side, wading through a slew of Sunraiders. His axe swung continuously from side to side, clearing a bloody path for him to walk through. Ambori saw one poor bastard get caught in the head with the flickering blade as Hal strode past, blood flying out of the ugly gash. Pivoting about, Hal was able to get all six of his assailants in front of him at once. Suddenly, each and every one of them seemed less than eager to enter combat with the big man.

"Come on," Tasha said again. Then she charged forward, her sword at the ready. Ambori took a look around, trying to decide where he would be the most useful. The mage was already moving in to Ceorn who had just delivered a devastating three punch combo to one man, the last blow spinning the man about and tumbling his inert form to the ground. The snow beneath that man's face was rapidly turning red.

Making his decision, Ambori turned and followed Tasha.

One man advanced on Hal, his longsword thrust out ahead of him. The large man beat it aside with the haft of his axe, knocking the Sunraider off balance. Hal then reversed momentum and drove the glistening blade deep into the man's chest. Crimson spouted thickly from the gory wound, spraying Hal's front as the corpse fell to the ground, not even twitching.

A second man thought to skewer Hal on his "unprotected" side. But Hal surprised them all by spinning back before the blow ever landed, swinging his axe in a wide arc. The assailant was caught high on the right side, his arm pinned to his body by the deadly blade. The man was flung howling to the ground, the remains of his arm landing several feet away.

Then Tasha was there. She plowed headlong into the last of the six, driving her sword to the hilt in his back. The man looked down at the bloodstained, metallic protrusion in his chest for a brief second. Astonishment covered his face before he slumped to the snow, slowly sliding off of Tasha's blade.

Tasha took a staggering step back, holding her bloody sword in front of her as if afraid of it. Tears sprang into her eyes and she started to tremble. But that was all Ambori had time to see before he leapt into the fray.

With the shredded remains of his tacky green cape flapping along behind him, Ambori launched himself at a very surprised Sunraider. Grabbing the man in a bizarre headlock as he flew past, he took them both to the ground, nearly removing the man's cranium from the rest of his body. Ambori scrambled to his feet first and managed to pick up a discarded sword. He wasted no time and swung the sword down onto the man's prone form. Blood spurted and there was a cry of agony, then the man was still.

Looking up, the bard saw Hal hard-pressed to keep up with the flickering attacks of the remaining two men that he faced. The large man was holding his own just fine, defending himself but wasn't able to actually get any shots of his own off at his assailants. Hal's lips were compressed into a firm line and his brow creased in concentration. 

Ambori was just about to assist the big man when Tasha beat him to the punch. Apparently overcoming her inhibitions, she leapt forward and beat aside the blade of one man. Tasha engaged the man with a surprising degree of skill and an intensity expression. Within moments she had her opponent on the ropes.

Hal turned on his last foe with a slight grin. The man panicked and went into a frenzy of attacks, all of which Hal defended. Finally, the man lunged forward with all of his energy, desperately trying to skewer the big man. Almost casually Hal side-stepped the thrust and swung his axe in over the extended blade, directly at the man's unprotected face. The man had enough time to squeal in fright before the deadly blade crunched into his visage. Blood spurted out in a scarlet rain that spattered over Hal before the body slid to the ground and didn't move again.

Hal tried to wipe the gore form his face but gave up and turned to check on Tasha. Ambori followed his gaze. Both men were in time to see Tasha put the finishing touches on her opponent. As if she were in some sort of fencing class, she expertly parried aside the offensive blade and drove her sword into the man's exposed chest. With a shuddering sigh, the body slid free of her blade and crumpled to the snow. 

Ambori looked past the two and saw that the remaining men from fire were now advancing on the battle scene at a dead run. He heard Hal speak: "Are you all right, milady?"

"Yes, Hal," Tasha answered, her voice quavering slightly but remaining firm. "I'm all right."

Ambori turned back to Ceorn and the mage. Surprisingly, the berserker was having a bit of a problem with his opponents. They were able to almost keep him at bay with their swords. The mage, meanwhile appeared to be locked in a physical combat with another ‘Raider.

Hal pointed this out to Tasha. "Milady, Garn and Ceorn need your help. Please go to them. I’ll delay the others."

Tasha looked as if she were about to argue but saw the logic behind Hal's words even as he strode past her in the direction of the reinforcements. After a few strides she called to him. "Hal!" 

"Yes, milady?" he asked, looking back over his shoulder.

"Don't even think about getting killed until we can get there to help."

Hal grinned almost goofily. "As you wish, milady." Then he turned and trotted off to engage the reserves.

Ambori looked to both groups and made a quick decision. He took after Hal and was quickly striding along beside him. "Mind if I join you?"

Hal looked down at the bard with mild surprise in mid-stride "If you want."

"I don't think we were properly introduced. My name's Ambori."

"I'm Hal. A pleasure."

"Likewise."

"You ready for a fight, Ambori?"

The bard sighed. "I hope so."

Hal grinned tightly. "Let’s find out."

With an almost bestial roar, Hal charged forward, his bloodied battle-axe twirling over his head as he ran. Ambori was amazed at the fury Hal displayed as he plowed into the front line of Sunraiders like a stampeding bison. He rushed through the dozen men implacably, leaving two of them dead and several more wounded as he forced his way through. 

One of the wounded men hobbled over to Ambori, bleeding heavily from a brutal slash high on his right leg as he tried to flee from the enraged almost-giant. The bard knocked the man's sword up and away and lashed out with his foot, grinding his heel into the open wound. The man arched back and howled in pain, dropping his sword so that he could press both hands to his leg. Pivoting about with great agility, Ambori swung his sword mightily into the man's unprotected belly. He waited a brief second and regarded the look of incredulity upon the man's face before ripping his blade free.

Spotting another man, Ambori ducked and rolled clear the blade being swung at him. As he rolled to his feet the bard held his sword out before him and effectively skewered a second man in the belly as he came up to his feet. With a twist Ambori freed his blade and swung it back in time to parry the return blow from the man whom he had just avoided.

They dueled fiercely for several moments before the Sunraider scored a light hit across Ambori's chest. It wasn't deep but it stung. Ambori gasped at the pain and took several quick steps back, forcing the man to chase after him. 

When the man was within five feet, Ambori dropped to one knee and swung his blade upwards with all of his strength. The edge caught the man high on the forearm and completely severed the sword hand from the rest of his body. Blood gouted from the terrible wound in a crimson tide as the man howled and dropped to the snow in utter agony. Ambori raised his blade up high and drove it down until the man stopped making any more noise.

Ambori quickly swung his gaze back to see how the others were doing. Tasha was locked in combat with the mage's assailant while the mage himself was lying face down in the snow not two feet away from them. Ceorn was just wrapping up his work. He had his last man pinned to the snow and was repeatedly hammering an elbow down into the man's face.

Checking on Hal, he was about to give him a hand when Hal himself forestalled the thought. The big man broke away one of the five men he was holding off and called out over his shoulder: "Go to the wagon...  free the prisoners!" Then he was back to the fight, battling fiercely.

Once again the bard was forced to make a quick decision. This time he obeyed Hal's wishes and began to sprint towards the wagon and to whatever may lay inside.

Reaching the steps leading into the wagon, Ambori slowed down. He couldn't be sure that there was still anybody in there. If there was, he couldn't really just leap in and begin fighting. If nothing else, the Sunraiders would be using their prisoners for hostages. Ambori swore under his breath. There's just never an easy way to do anything. 

Cautiously, Ambori strode up the wooden steps and opened the door to the wagon. The greasy smell from the burning oil lamps permeated the. Stepping inside, Ambori realized that he was at an impasse.

The wagon had originally been a place where the children would have a place to rest during the journey. Small tables and chairs had originally been set up all over the place to accommodate them. Currently, the chairs were being used to restrain the two children left alive after the raid. They were twins, a boy and a girl, roughly five years old. Two beautiful, blonde haired little children. They had both been roughly tied to separate chairs and had tear streaks running down their still chubby cheeks, their eyes red from crying.

And now for the really despicable part. Feeling his hand clench painfully on the hilt of his appropriated sword, Ambori forced himself to look at the rest.

Chained spread-eagled to the children's play table was the twins' mother. She was stripped to her small-clothes and had cuts and bruises all over her body where Ambori could see. Her red, welted face was beyond caring though, her mind gone. Her head just listlessly rolling from side to side. Ambori was frightened for her. He'd met an old man who'd had the same condition once. Who had that far off stare in his eyes. That man lived a very long time but never spoke another word again. 

Chained to either wall were two young, teenaged girls. They looked much the same as the mother, bruised and beaten and savagely abused. The redhead was incoherent, sobbing uncontrollably. The brunette however, was outraged. Her eyes flared every time she looked at the men in the room.

There were four men were all huddled around the head of the mother at the far side from the wagon's door. The lead man, he had a pencil thin mustachio that curled up at the ends, was holding a dagger to the mother's throat. The other three men had swords drawn and were watching Ambori fearfully. 

"Not another step, bard." Said the lead man. "Not unless you want to leave these two darling children orphaned." The twins began to cry again.

Ambori stopped in his tracks, cursing silently to himself. Rushing the four of them was out of the question. Even if he'd managed to get to them before they could hurt the women more, Ambori knew that he'd be committing suicide. He was stuck and he didn't know what to do. So he fell back on his old standard and did what he could do better than anybody he'd ever known. 

He talked.

"You'll never make it out of here alive, you know." Ambori began, searching the frightened faces of the four men, striving to find a weakness. "Just give it up and make it easy on yourselves."

"Why don't you shut the hell up?" moustache-guy said sharply. The twins continued to cry.

"I'd really like to, but I have this bad habit of babbling when I get into a tense situation and I'm pretty sure that this would qualify as tense situation wouldn't you? I mean, if you didn't I'd think you to be a pretty simpleminded person, but that's pretty obvious isn't it? That you're simpleminded, I mean. Why, I could tell you... "

"Shut up!" bellowed the mustached man. "I don't want to hear your prattle!"

"Then what do you want?" asked Ambori desperately. "Your lives? All yours. You let the women and children go and you can leave. No questions asked."

The man snorted derisively. "Somehow I have a hard time believing that."

The bard shrugged. "That's okay. I never accused you of being intelligent."

The ends of the man's mustachio bristled angrily. He pressed the knife closer to the mother's throat, though she continued to have no reaction. "Drop your sword," he ordered.

Reluctantly, Ambori complied. Never taking his eyes off the men, he crouched down and carefully placed his blade on the hard wood of the wagon floor. He rose once again to his feet and regarded the men carefully. "Anything else?" he asked casually.

The man smirked. "We'll see about... "

"However," broke in Ambori. "If you tell me to drop my trousers next, I'm afraid that I won't comply no matter what you threaten to do. I just don't enjoy games of 'Drop the Soap'. "

All four Sunraiders looked at the bard quizzically. "Didn't I tell you to shut up?" the leader asked.

Ambori shrugged broadly. "I don't really remember."

There were careful footsteps on the stairs behind him. A woman's voice called out: "Ambori, what's going on in there? Is it safe?"

"Come on up, Tasha," the bard called out over his shoulder. "Join the party."

Tasha ascended the stairs and stood beside the bard. Blood stained her hands and covered her outfit in splotches. She held her sword wearily in one hand and looked as if she were ready to drop from exhaustion. Garn came into the wagon behind her. He had a wicked bruise high on his right cheekbone and looked about to topple over as well.

As if reminded of his own weariness at that point, Ambori suddenly wanted nothing more than to crawl into a comfortable bed and sleep forever and a day. 

Tasha took in the whole situation with one glance. Wordlessly she dropped her own weapon beside Ambori's. The mage stood off to the side and said nothing though his eyes were fixed firmly on the mustached man. Tasha immediately tried to take control of the situation. "The others are outside gentlemen," she said loudly. "They'd like nothing better than to bash your heads in right now and to hell with the consequences. And don't think that they couldn't. Now, if you'll just put the knife away and come with us peacefully I can keep them off of you. if you don't...  well, let's just say that it would be unpleasant."

The mustached man made a terrible attempt at a laugh. "You don't scare me," he said as he trembled. 

"She may not," spoke a heavily accented, gravelly voice from behind them. "But I'll be' willing to bet that I do, laddie." 

All four men stared at the lean form of the kelt while Ambori managed to get his first close look at the man. He was a fright at the moment. His tunic ripped open, revealing the sweat slick, chiseled physique and the rippling blue tattoos across his chest. There was blood spattered across his clothing, his face, torso and hair. He folded his arms across his chest, displaying the tattoos along his forearms and the blood covering his knuckles. Ambori looked the kelt up and down once and nodded his head. Yep, I'm intimidated.

The remaining Sunraiders now looked very frightened and were desperately searching the room for some way to escape. None seemed to make itself available. The lead man was about to speak but the bard cut him off.

"You know something guys?" Ambori began, trying to force the 'Raider's hand and make him overreact. "I've met some pretty disgusting people in my time, but you bastards take the cake. Not only do you force yourselves on women, you do it in front of children!" He shook his head in absolute disgust. "I can only thank the Gods Above that we got here before you brought in the sheep."

"That does it!" cried the mustached man. He raised the dagger from the woman's throat and leveled it at the bard. "You've gone too...  "

The mage snapped forward his arm and uttered a single arcane word. A mystical bolt of bluish-white energy rocketed out from his fingers and struck unerringly into the lead man's chest. The man cried out in pain and was thrown back against the far wall of the wagon, the knife skittering away.

Ambori leapt into motion the instant the mage had moved. The bolt had barely struck the lead man before the bard had used the table as a takeoff point. He sailed the short distance through the air in what seemed to be slow motion and collided with the first man headlong. Both men tumbled to the floor and began an intense wrestling match.

Ceorn was hot on the bard's heels, hurdling the table in one long stride and standing toe to toe with the second man. The man tried to bring up his sword but was much too slow. The enraged kelt's fist crushed into the man's face with a sickening crunch. The Sunraider tumbled backwards, spitting blood and teeth out onto the floor. Ceorn followed up with a solid counter punch to the man's belly and yet another blow to the head.

The third man's eyes scoured the wagon for another way out and spotted the wagon's sole window. He dropped his sword completely and made a desperate attempt for small opening. Tasha moved to intercept but was unable to get past the crowd in front of her. The 'Raider's fingers fumbled with the latch holding the window shut when a shadow cut across his face. His eyes flicked up to the window and widened in fright, his mouth falling open. 

From out of a nightmare, an immense, bloodstained fist smashed through the glass window and sent shards flying into the wagon. As the hand clamped firmly about the Sunraider's throat, the man got a very good look at Hal's dirty, blood streaked face. The man frantically tried to break free of Hal's grip. Tasha was amazed to see the dark, hate-filled look in Hal's gray eyes. Unconsciously, Tasha stepped away from the window, frightened herself. with a faint twitch of his lips, Hal physically hauled the Sunraider through the remains of the window and into the clearing beyond. A single, bloodcurdling screech passed the man's lips as he was hauled to his death. 

Garn casually stepped up to the man that he had magicked into the wall and looked down at him with contempt. The man's mustache were frazzled at the ends and the front of his tunic was badly singed. Nevertheless, he was slowly trying to rise to his feet. Garn peered into the man's eyes. "Well, you're persistent. I'll give you that." Then he lashed out with his right fist and punched the man across the face with all of his might. The man slumped back to the floor and didn't move. Garn winced painfully and walked away shaking his hand and cursing under his breath.

Ceorn delivered one last punch to his man and sent him off to dreamland quite nicely while Ambori continued to slam his opponents head into the wooden floor. Finally Ambori realize that the man had stopped moving so he released his hold of the man's hair and rose to his feet.

Tasha had both of the freshly untied children in her arms and was busy consoling them, letting them cry their eyes out and hold onto her for support. Hal limped up into the wagon. He had a vicious looking cut on his right leg and he winced with every step. "Is everybody all right?" he asked wearily.

Ceorn had found a set of keys nearby and was unchaining the women from the wall. "As well as could be expected, Hal."

Garn leaned against a wall and peered at his fingers curiously. "I think I broke my hand," he muttered disbelievingly. 

Ambori walked over to Hal and spoke to him surreptitiously. "Do you think that you can handle things here by yourself for a few minutes, big guy?"

Hal looked down at the bard inquisitively. "I guess so. Why?"

Ambori looked sideways at the big man and a slow flush spread across his cheeks. He leaned in close to Hal and whispered. "Because I really need to pee."

Chapter 11 - The Bard's Tale

Dismally, Tasha looked at the road ahead of them and sighed. It had snowed almost constantly for two solid days. Fortunately, it was becoming quite warm so the snow didn't appear to last for very much longer. Still, the ways were treacherous and hardly a joy to travel through as they neared the end of their third day on the road since battling the Sunraiders.

She shivered and huddled deeper into her down-filled cloak, trying to wrap as much warmth around herself that she possibly could. The twin children on either side of looked up in alarm as if they'd done something wrong. Tasha smiled down at them. "Don't worry," she said soothingly. "It's all right; I'm just a bit cold." Both of the children sighed and snuggled in closer to her, trying to fall back to sleep.

Tasha leaned back against the wagon and closed her eyes. Weariness passed over her with every breath that she took. It had been a rough couple of days since their battle with the Sunraiders. The children had been constantly getting underfoot, crying incoherently one moment then clinging to Tasha the next. Ceorn, Hal and Ambori had taken the wagon, fixed it up well enough to travel and had gathered what supplies remained from the rest of the caravan before they’d resumed their journey. 

To make matters worse, Tasha hadn't been sleeping well. She was allowed precious little of it to begin with, what with night watches and the stressful conditions. But when she was allowed to finally drop off, her dreams were horrid. The nightmares of Xir in the Prison of Mist had been replaced with fresh images of screaming faces contorted in agony. Memories of people dying by her own hand, being butchered like animals.

Tasha tried to remind herself that she'd only done what she had to do. It didn't help. All that she could think about was the blood running over her hands. Of the blood that splashed her in the face when her opponent coughed out his last breath. 

The blood... 

Ceorn hadn't been much of help. He too always seemed upset at having to kill an opponent, for a second or two at least. It made Tasha shudder to see how easily the kelt could shrug away the brutality that he caused, as if the person who had done it was a totally separate individual from the amorous and amusing man telling stories loudly around the dinnertime campfire. 

Garnthalisbain had been even less help. Every time she tried to talk with him about her concerns the mage would be far too irritable and would do nothing except whine about how much his hand hurt.

Hal had been the most comforting in his oddly quiet way. He simply listened to everything she said, nodding when appropriate and basically saying nothing. Not that the big oaf was trying to be obstinate, for he would never do that. He just didn't know what to say, as usual. So he would simply stand there and listen. 

Tasha raised her head and found herself watching Hal. He was leading the wagon's horses by the reins, continually prodding them along with a gentle tug every now and again. His shoulders shifted noticeably beneath his cloak and jerkin, adding a peculiar gait to his long-legged stride. His breath was steaming out of his mouth in thick, heavy clouds. His scraggly hair was pressed to his scalp as the effort of their journey finally began to catch up with him.

Approximately a mile or two up the road Tasha could see Ceorn leaning heavily against a tree. He had spent most of the last three days scouting ahead of the wagon, checking for possible ambushes or other highwaymen. After the episode with the Sunraiders no one, in the party wanted to take any chances. And it seemed inevitable that someone would come looking for their fallen comrades eventually.

Ceorn had earned his rest. He continually took the first watch after spending an entire day running ahead of the party and then reporting back to give the all clear. Only on three occasions had Ambori relieved him. And those occasions came only near the end of a day's travel or after the time Ceorn had stumbled and twisted his ankle. Ambori spent the rest of his time in the wagon with the ladies, trying to keep their spirits up and assisting Garn with their medical needs. 

The little boy, Nichos, shifted in her arms and slid down the seat a little bit, almost stretching right out on the riding bench. His sister, Nicalla, yawned hugely and snuggled in closer. Tasha smiled wistfully down at the twins and closed her eyes. Stretching out with her mental abilities she gently probed into their thoughts. At the surface they seemed calm and stable, yet beneath that was a seething fear. A roiling, frightened lump of ice that kept the children on edge even in quiet moments like this. 

Tasha sent gentle, soothing thoughts trickling into their heads. She did it slowly so as not to alarm them. Tasha wished she could erase their fears instead of just diminishing them. 

When Tasha opened her eyes again the twins were fast asleep and their faces were at peace.

Tasha leaned back again and felt a headache coming on. She'd been pushing her abilities just about as far as they would go for the last couple of days. What with her soothing of the children, her assistance with the women on Garn’s behalf and reaching out to the landscape surrounding their group on the lookout for trouble.

All of that was exhausting work, especially helping the abused women. 

The redheaded girl, Shiann, hadn't been too difficult to help sadly. It turns out that this wasn’t the first time she’d been taken advantage of by a group of toughs, as disgusting as Tasha found that. Consequently, Shiann had just needed to be calmed down and soothed. To be assured that she was in a safe zone and amongst people who only wanted to help her. It took a while, but it wasn't exceedingly difficult. Now Shiann spent most her time saying nothing and looking at nothing, cringing every time someone raised their voice or looked at her for too long a moment. But that was a marked improvement over her initial terrified reactions.

The brunette, Renora, had been a struggle solely because of the condition she'd been in when they’d dispatched the ‘Raiders. Tasha had first tried to enter Renora's mind while she was still in chains. This was a mistake. Ceorn had been clawed across the arm in a screaming rage as he attempted to release her. Renora’s thoughts were like seeing into a red mist. It took several tries for Tasha to pierce that cloud and help her to calm down, but even then Renora thrashed against them – physically and mentally. Eventually Tasha was forced to put Renora to sleep, which was an excruciatingly difficult task the first time Tasha'd tried it but one that got easier with practice. And with Renora, she had been getting a lot of practice.

Finally, there was Lanarra, the twins' mother. Stepping into her mind was like entering into a completely empty room with only one item in it. That item being a small safe that you could fit in the palm of your hand. Tasha threw every image, idea and thought that she could think of at that safe but never once got a response. Every time she tried, Tasha had been unable to even get a reaction out of Lanarra. She was, at least temporarily, beyond reach.

Suddenly Tasha realized that the wagon had just reached Ceorn. The kelt was jogging over to the wagon with a concerned look on his face. Tasha frowned, wondering what the matter was. 

That was when she noticed Hal. 

What she had assumed to be a 'peculiar gait' had turned into a full blown limp. Hal was staggering forward, his breath ragged and explosive. Finally, just strides away from the kelt, he stumbled forward and collapsed to the slushy snow. 

Ceorn cursed aloud and sprinted to the big man. Tasha stood up with a cry and lunged for the horse’s bridle. She snagged a piece of it with one outstretched hand and hauled back on it. The horses whinnied painfully but stopped just short of Hal's prone form. The twins, awake again from Tasha's violent jolt, sat up in alarm. Nicalla sniffled a bit, about to cry. But Nichos dropped to the snow and waded through to Hal's side, concern on his young face. Hal had displayed his charm with kids during his time with the twins and had almost completely won the boy over.

Tasha finally vaulted down from the wagon and rushed to Hal's side. Ceorn was busy rolling the big man over onto his back. Nichos was perched right over the kelt's shoulder, continually asking: "Is he all right?"

Hal's features were completely slack. Tasha cried out in alarm as she saw the blood that had soaked into the snow. "What happened?" she asked Ceorn, very upset. "We're not under attack, are we?"

The kelt pulled back Hal's cloak and gasped. The right leg of Hal's pants was soaked from the top of his thigh down to his ankle with blood. Ceorn looked up at Tasha grimly. "I think we found the' problem, lass." At that point he screamed out for Ambori and Garn.

Tasha immediately found her attention drawn away from Hal. Nicalla was sobbing uncontrollably again. Tasha enfolded the blonde-haired girl in her arms and rocked her soothingly back and forth. 

Ambori vaulted out of the wagon like an arrow. His hat and cape were missing though the rest of his flamboyant outfit was still perfectly intact. He took in the situation with a glance and sped over to assist the kelt. Ceorn took the bulk of Hal's impressive weight and slipped his arms around the big man's girth while the bard took hold at the knees. With much grunting and cursing the two men were able to carry Hal into the wagon. Nichos continued to hop up and down, trying to get a good look at Hal's face.

Tasha followed into the dim wagon with both of the twins. She held back Nichos by his jerkin and continued to console Nicalla. Her gaze never left Hal's ashen face.

Garn was cursing like a madman. With a snarl and a wave of his arm he motioned for Ceorn and the bard to lay Hal down atop the table. Over in the corner sat Lanarra, huddled up in her cloak and remaining perfectly motionless. Her eyes were open but they saw nothing, registered nothing and acknowledged nothing. Shiann squealed in fright at the sight of Hal's blood and began to stammer in alarm, afraid that they were under attack again. Renora her face like an angry thundercloud, strode to Garn's side and tried to assist him in his efforts. 

After a few brief moments in which the mage tried to concentrate, Garn snapped his head up and bellowed: "Do you people mind? I'm trying to work here!" He shook his head in annoyance and pointed at Ambori. "Get her and the kids out of here, keep them busy." The bard nodded, surprisingly wordless, and gathered up Shiann and the twins. Within moments their crying and panicked sounds were outside where no one could hear them. 

Tasha tried to step up to the table but a fierce look from Garnthalisbain kept her back. Ceorn slipped his arm over her shoulders and held her comfortingly. Tasha's eyes were riveted to Hal. At the blood. At his face. She shuddered and pressed up against Ceorn for support. He stood firm and held her.

Garn was forcing Hal's eyelids up and was peering into his pupils. He poked and prodded at his neck and chest, checking for and finding a pulse. The mage frowned. "Why in the hell are you palpitating?" he muttered under his breath at the big man.

Renora slipped Hal's sandal-like boot off, dropping it to the floor. Tasha was astonished to see not a single blister along the bottom of Hal's foot. Her own feet were red and sore from all of the walking. Hal’s were completely calloused over, almost like leather. Renora attempted to tear the blood-soaked pant leg up the main seam but was having difficulty in finding it, on account of his breeches having been re-stitched so many times in the past. Finally she cursed and just tore. The pant leg split many different times and was effectively shredded to nothing but material. No one took notice of much else beyond his wound.

Garn stared at the gash in Hal's leg and was speechless. Finally he gestured to Renora. "Get me a pot of snow, as clean as possible." Without a sound, the girl fled from the wagon, cooking pot in hand. Garn reached into one of his pouches and withdrew several herbs and a clean silk cloth.

The mage's mouth was a grim line. "If Hal wakes up I swear I'll punch him right back out again," he muttered darkly. He swung his gaze to Tasha and the kelt for a brief second. "If I'm not mistaken," he began. "This is the same wound that Hal sustained in our confrontation with the Sunraiders. You know, the one that he insisted was 'just a scratch'?"

Ceorn nodded his head. "Aye. I remember it lookin' bad. However, he was insist'nt."

Tasha looked at the both of them in surprise. "I didn't even know that he'd been injured. Why didn't either one of you say anything?"

Garn flushed in embarrassed for a brief moment. Then he removed what appeared to be the remnants of a bandage from Hal's leg. He held it up for Tasha to see. "After I patched him up with this, he made me promise not to tell you Tash'." She stared at the mage in shock. Garn shook his head regretfully. "He said that after the incident on the boat, he was beginning to feel like the burden that you feared he'd be. Consequently, he didn't want you to know. Especially not after the fuss he made about fighting the Sunraiders in the first place."

Renora returned at that moment, cutting off Tasha's response for the moment. She did, however, file it away for later argumentative purposes.

Garn instructed the girl to place the pot on the table next to Hal. Once she did, Garn's eyes narrowed and his gaze focused on the snow. Tasha felt a brief surge of static as the mage softly whispered a single word. Within a second the snow was reduced to steaming, boiling water. Garn let it boil off for several moments before dipping the silken rag in. He winced slightly at the heat but made no comment. Removing the cloth from the water, he wrung it out once before handing it to Renora. "Here," he said briskly. "Use this to wipe away the blood and clean out the wound." She nodded fervently and began to sponge away the sticky red mass as Garn took another pot and exited the wagon.

As the steaming rag touched his raw and inflamed flesh, Hal gasped involuntarily, his face twisting in pain. Tasha felt extremely concerned for the big man. Never before had she heard him cry out in pain.

Garn returned with his pot, the snow already boiling away, and set it down on the other side of Hal. With his precise, delicate fingers, he quickly began to break up the small herbs and roots. Once done with that, he deposited them into the pot and began to stir the mixture with a small glass rod that he withdrew from yet another one of his pouches.

Renora was busily wiping away the remnants of the congealed mess. The wound was now free of scabbing and was raw, almost pulsating. Tasha was horrified to see how red and infected it looked. What must have started out as a clean and simple cut had been turned into a ragged and torn gash. Tasha wondered how Hal had even been able to walk on the leg without crying out.

"Find some clean bandages, Renora," Garn said anxiously. The water had turned a healthy-looking green and smelled very medicinal. The girl quickly complied, retrieving several clean rags from Garn's backpack. The mage selected three and soaked them all in the mixture. He let them steep for several moments before taking them out one at a time and laying them atop the wound. Hal winced again, from what was hard to tell, though.

Garn stepped away and ran a sleeve across his brow. Tasha detached herself from Ceorn and moved over to the mage. "Will he be all right?" Renora had begun to wrap the remainder of the bandages around Hal's thickly muscled leg.

Garn looked at her skeptically. "It's hard to say," he began warily. Seeing Tasha's horrified expression, he quickly amended himself. "Oh, he'll live. That's not the concern. I just don't know when he'll be walking again. Don't forget, he came damn close to drowning just about a week ago. He'd just barely recovered from that before he began to drive himself like a maniac. Pulling long walking shifts, extended night watches never mind throwing himself into a horrible battle like some sort of demon seeking vengeance." Garn shook his head worriedly, a long strand of hair falling in front of his eyes. "He needs rest, Tasha. And if we want him to live, we need to give it to him."

Tasha sighed. You aren't the only one, Hal, she thought to herself, feeling the weariness seep into her bones yet again. Her head continued to throb painfully and she wanted to do nothing more than sleep. Yet, she smiled weakly at Garn and laid a hand on his shoulder. "See that he gets it, Garn. The minute he wakes up, let me know."

Garn gave her an overly haughty look for a second. "Yes, my liege," he said stuffily. Then he chuckled and winked at her playfully. "Don't worry about it. Go take a load off yourself; you look like you need it. And again, don't worry, Hal's in good hands here."

Tasha shook her head to clear it and turned to the kelt. "Is there any trouble ahead of us?" she asked.

Ceorn shook his weary head, his spiky blonde hair flopping about slightly. "Nary a soul for th' next league or so, I wager."

Tasha nodded. "That'll have to do. Go set up camp and get some rest. You've had a long day as well."

The kelt sighed, very relieved. "Aye, lass. I'll do so at once." With a nod of his head to the mage, Ceorn strode out of the wagon, scratching at the back of his head as he went.

Tasha ran both hands through her hair and shook vigorously, trying to relieve the irritation and the incessant itching. No doubt about it, she mused thoughtfully. I need a bath.

On her way out of the wagon, she turned back to say something to Garn but lost track of her thoughts after catching a good look at Renora. 

She had finished bandaging Hal's leg and was in the process of removing his weapons belt. She succeeded after a brief struggle and slid the belt over to the side. Then she came back and shifted the big man's cloak so that it covered his body and kept him warm. 

Tasha wasn't sure what it was that had caught her eye until she saw Renora push Hal's scraggly brown hair away from his ashen face. His chest rose and fell shallowly and he seemed almost to snore. Renora's fingers trailed across Hal's face until they rested on his cheek. They remained there for a moment. A long minute later, Tasha heard Renora sniffle. It was the first time Tasha had heard Renora do any such thing. She hadn't cried even after being violated. Renora turned her face aside and saw Tasha standing there and stared in surprise. Tasha forced a smile onto her face and nodded reassuringly to the girl. Renora smiled, strangely appearing relieved, and turned back to Hal. 

Bizarrely affected, Tasha finally began to turn away and noticed Garnthalisbain regarding her thoughtfully. She didn't like the way Garn seemed to be mentally adding to some little internal notebook that only he could see. When the mage looked away, Tasha felt as if Garn was the one who had the ability to read minds and not her.

"Good hands, indeed," Tasha muttered darkly as she stepped out into the setting sunlight and chill humid air.

Ceorn was off in the brush slightly, clearing a small space to set up camp. Steam rose in small wafts from him, an obvious show of just how exhausted he was. The twins and Shiann were all sitting on a log, facing Ambori. The bard had his lute out and was busily singing away, trying to keep up their spirits. 

The song that he sang was a humorous tale. It told of a group of young men who had gone off together to see the world and make their fortune. Along the way they stumbled badly over many obstacles, the most notable of them being any time that some members of the opposite sex became involved in their exploits. Soon both of the twins were listening raptly to Ambori's tale. Even Shiann had begun to smile slightly.

The tent was fully erected by the end of Ambori's tale and Tasha quickly set the children up for bed. They complained that they weren't sleepy as they yawned hugely. Within a half hour, both Nichos and Nicalla were fast asleep. 

Ambori, Ceorn and Shiann were sitting around a small fire as Tasha returned. They were just finishing a brief meal of the rapidly dwindling supply of dry rations. Tasha sat down beside the colorful bard. He smiled brightly at her and handed her a piece of trail jerky. She accepted it wanly and took a few tentative bites before finally stowing it away in a side pouch for another time. Her stomach was still queasy from the sight of Hal's blood.

Abruptly Ceorn yawned. He arched back and reached out to both sides. All could see the way that his muscles tensed and quivered beneath the limited cover of his jerkin. He closed his mouth sheepishly and looked at Tasha, shamefaced. " 'Scuse me, m'lady. I seem to be a bit on th' weary side of' things today."

Tasha grinned weakly. "Why don't you get some rest, Ceorn? Ambori and I can take the first watch."

The kelt's face showed obvious relief. "I thank ye' grandly, m'lady. Tonight I ain't hardly in a position to argue with you." Laboriously, he rose to his feet and stretched yet again. With one last polite nod to all present, Ceorn slumped off to the tent. 

Shiann sat at the campfire for perhaps another minute. Then she hastily finished her ration and climbed to her feet. She nodded briskly to Tasha and pointedly avoided Ambori's gaze before all but fleeing to the protection of the wagon.

Tasha eyed the colorful bard curiously. "What was that all about?"

Ambori leaned back against the trunk of a tree and slid to the snow. His white breath streamed out into the rapidly darkening night. He winced at the salty beef in his mouth and made a face every time he chewed. Finally, after swallowing, he spoke up. "Beats me, Tasha." He reached into a side pouch and withdrew a very colorful kerchief, with which he proceeded to daintily wipe at his mouth.

Tasha watched him with a look of incredulity. "What in the world are you doing? It isn't like we've just been invited to some gala event."

The bard quirked a lopsided grin at her as he stowed the cloth away with a flourish. "My mother always told me never to have two sets of manners, and I've always listened to what my mother said to me. Especially when she told me to follow in my father's footsteps." Ambori pointedly hefted up his lute then, casually strumming a few experimental notes.

Tasha nodded understandingly. "Your father was a bard?"

Ambori gave her an odd look. "No, a blacksmith." He strummed a few more notes very briskly before suddenly pausing. "I just followed his footsteps to the local tavern every night. There were plenty of minstrels there."

Tasha winced visibly. "That was a terrible joke."

The bard took up his feathered hat and mimed a florid bow. "Thank you, milady. Those just happen to be my stock and trade." Then he grinned boyishly and began to play again.

Her hunger overcame her queasiness, Tasha managed to munch down the remainder of her daily ration. It tasted like old boot leather, but it helped to fill the void somewhat. 

Folding her legs beneath her, Tasha leaned forward, resting her arms on her knees. "So tell me Ambori," she began. "What's your story? You know all about us."

The bard tilted his head back and looked up at the stars as they made their initial appearance for the evening. He continued to strum his lute flowingly, casually. Feeling the music rather than merely listening to it. In that moment, Tasha sensed that Ambori could have broken into any song that he knew, could have made one up on the spot if he'd needed to. Such was the inner harmony that he had with his music.

Ambori lowered his gaze until he was eye to eye with Tasha. "Are you asking me to tell you a story, lady?" 

Tasha smiled. "Why not? That's the sort of thing you get paid to do, isn't it?"

The bard tilted his head back and forth a few times, trying to reason that one out. "Well, yeah. I suppose so. But I never really think about it that way." He took a few deep breaths and continued to play. At last, his music slowed in tempo and decreased in pitch, effectively fading into the background.

"Nice touch," Tasha complimented.

"I try." Then he began:

"In truth, I'm not certain how much there is for me to tell you, Tasha. I was born a smith's son on the island of Torvik. My father was a reasonably wealthy man who worked hard and loved what he did. Why, I'll never know. The thought of being over a forge all day long, sweating like a horse, lifting red hot metallic objects that weigh about half a ton just didn't appeal to me. Not as much as other things in this life.

"Fortunately, my older brother was right into helping out Father. I say fortunately because that relieved me of the worry of having to take over the family business one day. I would have run it into the ground in a half a year. I just can't use a hammer and tongs. I've tried of course, my father made me try. But all I could make were sparks and scars." Ambori showed Tasha the long pinkish scar on the back of his hand then. She winced in sympathy. The bard shrugged. "My own fault, really. I was waving around a red hot piece of metal, trying to cool it off that way because I couldn't find the water barrel. That was when I slipped and burned myself. No big deal.

"After that, I was determined not to do anything quite so foolish again. However I'm only human after all, we're foolish by nature and since then I have done many other foolish things. But I wanted some sort of reassurance that I wasn't going to be dangerously foolish very often." Ambori quirked a wry grin. "That's why I started hanging around minstrels.

"They were good people, taught me everything I know. From this," he strummed on his lute with a flourish to indicate what he was referring to. "To this," He put his lute aside for a moment and snapped his arm forward. A silvery dagger seemed to appear in his hand from thin air. He grinned and slipped it back up his sleeve. "To of course, this." At that point, Ambori leaned forward and planted both hands in the snow. Apparently having found a grip that suited his needs, Ambori's face became a mask of concentration. As Tasha watched in astonishment, Ambori's whole body rolled over until the only thing supporting him were his arms. Slowly, almost agonizingly, he straightened out his body until his toes were pointing straight up into the sky, towards the double moons.

Tasha rose to her feet and walked over to him in surprise. She strolled all the way around him with her mouth wide open, at a loss for words. "That," she finally began. "That's very good."

Ambori frowned up at her. "What? I can't hear you. Hang on a second." The bard shifted slightly and brought one of his hands to his ear, cupping it. His body swayed a bit on its precarious balance but he didn't fall. "Could you repeat that?" He asked, completely serious. 

Tasha stepped back several paces, now beyond words. Ambori sighed. "All right, hang on." He placed both hands on the ground again and took a moment to set himself. Then he coiled his athletic frame, his arms bending and his legs folding over. With one sudden lurch his whole form snapped forward, kicking him into a vertical position and landing him on his feet. At that point he wiped his hands dry on the front of his shirt and walked over to Tasha. "You were saying something?"

Tasha was thunderstruck.

Ambori grinned then, very amused as Tasha stared at him in surprise and admiration. “I accept payment in coppers and kisses.”

Tasha blinked at his tone, very playful but decidedly leering. She took a step away and brusquely controlled her expression. "If there's one thing that I despise," she said, her tone going cold. "It's someone who feels that they need to show off in order to make an impression."
	
Ambori's grin got wider. In one sudden movement he leapt forward and planted himself uncomfortably close to Tasha. He gazed the very short distance down at her, his eyes glinting playfully. "Yeah, I was showing off," he said. "I admit it. I've just got one question."

Despite herself, Tasha became momentarily lost in Ambori's clear eyed gaze. She found herself unable to think clearly for some reason. Finally she cleared her throat and was able to speak. "And that would be?"

Ambori sidled in closer to her. Tasha mentally realized that she was almost as tall as he was. She also noticed, not for the first time, just how smooth his features were. Not rigid or rough seeming, but soft. Smooth. Boyish. 

The bard leaned his face in close to hers. "Did it work?" His voice whispered the words to her, his warm breath brushing against her face. Tasha was unable to answer, her voice stuck somewhere deep in her throat, temporarily lost. She trembled slightly, not fearfully but concerned. Never before in her entire life had any man ever dared to actually attempt this sort of thing with her. At least not in this manner! Most seemed afraid, the rest never bothered, knowing her rank in comparison to theirs.

When Ambori kissed her she had no idea that it was coming. One minute they were standing there, the next their lips were touching. Tasha could feel Ambori sliding his arms about body and pulling her close. She couldn't bring herself to stop him, she couldn't think of why she'd want to.

Finally, after several seconds, Ambori pulled back and gazed down at her gently. He grinned playfully. "So, am I to take that as a 'yes'?" 

Tasha stared him right in the eyes, her thoughts in a jumble and her emotions running away with her. "Ambori, you have first watch," she said at long last, resorting to habit instead of actual thought. Feeling that she should say something more, Tasha belatedly added a: "Good night." Then she pushed her way gently out of his circled arms and walked slowly towards the tent. 

Behind her, Tasha could faintly hear Ambori softly talking to himself. What he was saying exactly was quite beyond her, but she didn't care. Not right then.

She entered the tent to the sound of snoring. Ceorn was over in his bedroll sleeping peacefully though somewhat obnoxiously. Nicalla was huddled up in the fetal position on top of Tasha's bedroll. Her brother Nichos had managed to wrap himself right up into Hal's bedroll and was sleeping soundly. 

Seeing the little boy wrapped so frightfully in Hal's bedroll seemed, at the same time, absolutely right and yet so absolutely wrong. She couldn't explain the thought, but knew it to be true all the same.

That night as she dreamed, it was Ambori who lay in the wagon under Garnthalisbain's careful eye while Hal hung around outside showing off for her. A bizarre dream to be sure.

Chapter 12 - Knight and Day

Hal slept restlessly, his dreams plagued by horrid thoughts. Images of being submerged in cold darkness. Choking, striving for another breath. Any breath. Air. Cold fresh air constantly denied him. Each time he tried to struggle against the interminable blackness he frustrated himself, needing the air even more.

Other images. Pain all around him. Painful sights: children lying dead, torn open like sacks of grain. His leg, an inflamed appendage that screamed with every step he took. His lifeblood trickling down to his ankle, mingling with the leather of his sandal-boot. Sticky. Feeling sticky. His blood and the children's. Tasha, at the back of his mind, saving him from death. Dying herself. Being hurt. Killed. Worse.

A figure. A very dark figure, swirled in crimson and holding a staff. A staff that glowed. Very bright; very dark. More blood. All over the place. Enough to swim in, to drown in. More figures. One small, slender, dark figure. Face covered with a hood, unrecognizable. Flames. Surrounded by flames that one was. Hal knew without knowing how that that one was a wizard.

Second figure. Impossibly large. Not human or dwarf or anything he recognized. Four legs, long tail and neck. Almost serpentine head. Many teeth, razor sharp. Very dark, very large. Wings? Not on a creature that large. Impossible. No creature could be that strong.

Last figure. Tall, humanoid, wide. Strong looking. Bald or balding. Still very dark, no features distinguishable. Big sword. Very big sword. Blood all around that one. It seemed to cling to him while he reveled in it. A mad parody of decency and decorum. 

Back to the figure with the staff. It loomed over Hal, riding a wave of mist and blood. It was impossibly huge, encompassing his whole field of vision. Deep down in the pit of his stomach, Hal felt true fear. Worse than the thought of drowning. In truth, he would have done much to regain his familiar nightmare in exchange from the one he was experiencing.

The figure seemed to regard Hal from all angles. Upside down and inside out. From somewhere in the back of his mind, Hal recognized the figure. He was that Xir being that Garn and Tasha continually discussed. What's he doing inside of my head? Hal thought frantically, hysterically. I am nobody! I can't do anything useful. Gods, I can barely keep my feet from tripping!

The figure, Xir, continued to regard Hal. Searching for something. Anything. Finally he stopped. The figure reared back and laughed. Howled with it. Rolls of laughter shuddered the dark figure's body. Energies burst forth from the staff and set the mists and the blood to roiling. The laughter became hysterical. Frighteningly so. Hal was wrapped up in the energies and held aloft. Xir swung him about, rattling him like a child would a small toy. Hal began to scream. PATHETIC! Xir roared, the mere sound of his voice rocking Hal to the very core of his fragile mortal being. YOU ARE OF LESS CONCERN TO ME THAN A CHILD! More energy burst forth, striking Hal like lightning. Pain, greater than anything he'd ever felt before coursed through his limbs like wildfire. He was submerged in the mists, swallowed by the blood. Drowning again. In the background he could still hear Xir's maniacal laughter reverberating all around him.

Hal snapped out of the dream, sitting bolt upright on the hard table. Cold sweat dripped off his nose and the blanket that had covered him was flung across the dark wagon. He sat there, staring wild-eyed at everything. His breath came in heaving gasps and his heart raced, pounding in his chest like a herd of stampeding horses.

The big man stayed like that for several long moments, not wanting to move, not sure that he was even able to move. He crossed his immense arms over his barrel chest and held himself tightly. 

Cautiously Hal peered around, trying to get an idea of his surroundings. He recognized swiftly that he had been lying on a table. When his eyes completely adjusted to the dim light, he took in his surroundings..

Off to the side lay Garnthalisbain, wrapped up snugly in his bedroll and cloak. The mage shifted briefly for a moment, seeming almost to awaken, then resettled into his former position, sliding back into the depths of sleep.

Almost completely hidden by the dark shadows was Lanarra. She lay huddled up in one corner, her arms wrapped around her knees. As before she remained completely motionless and made absolutely no sound. The only reason Hal even noticed she was there was from the way the dim light reflected off the whites of her eyes. Lanarra had yet to sleep a full night since the incident with the Sunraiders. If Hal hadn't been so personally shaken himself he would have felt more compassion for the woman at that particular moment. As it was, it was a struggle for him just to keep from shuddering in fear.

That bothered Hal deeply. It had been a very long time since he'd admitted to himself that he was afraid of anything. Growing up in the wild as he had, having no one but himself to depend on, he quickly learned that a frightened animal was a dead animal. Fear caused a being to freeze up and shut down, leaving himself vulnerable to all sorts of predators.

That was how deeply his dream affected him.

The hardest part to accept was the fact that it didn't really feel like a dream. Not like a normal dream at least. Hal couldn't think of any way to explain it, especially not to himself. He was certain that he didn't have any of those mind abilities like Tasha did, (he was quite sure that one needed to be intelligent to use said abilities). So he couldn't come up with any sort of explanation for why he saw what he saw.

With a fierce effort, Hal tried to shove the thoughts aside. They almost, but not quite, slid behind a protective mental wall and lay in waiting there. He had enough other things to be concerned about.

With a small degree of shock, Hal noted that it was rapidly approaching sunrise. Cursing softly to himself for forcing someone to take an extra shift at watch because of him, Hal tried to slide off of the table and take his place on watch. 

He moved perhaps half an inch when his leg cascaded rivulets of pain directly up his frame. Hal grunted involuntarily, gritting his teeth with all of his might to keep from crying out. The big man swung his gaze to his wounded leg then, noting for the first time that his pants had been torn open to reveal his wound.

He was heavily bandaged from the top of his thigh to just above the knee. At one time the rags had been a clean white in color. Now there was a faint stain of blood showing through, just another testament to how badly he'd been injured. Hal grimaced. The sharp pain had drastically reduced to a dull ache once he stopped moving, but that didn't keep it from hurting. 

Still determined to take a shift on watch, Hal tried to lift himself off the table using nothing but his arms and good leg. He got about halfway up when all the strength drained from the big man's arms faster than water would from a leaky bucket. His hands slid out from under him and he collapsed back to the table with a loud thud and an explosion of pent up breath.

There was a commotion to his immediate left. It was soft and hardly noticeable at first, but definitely there. A woman's voice softly spoke his name, very groggily.

For an impossibly giddy moment, Hal thought it was Tasha that had spoken. But then Renora's head peered over the edge of the table. Her eyes were colored with dark circles, indicating a lack of sleep. A severe lack of sleep. Her gaze swept over Hal's whole form before focusing on his face. At that moment she realized Hal was awake and became much more animated.

"Oh!" she exclaimed softly. With a small flurry of movement she scrambled up to her feet. Hal, concerned that she might hurt herself somehow, tried to sit up and slow her down. However, Renora placed a hand on each of his shoulders and forced him to lie back. 

"Don't you even think of getting up yet, big man," Renora said softly, not wanting to wake anyone else. "You've been lying there for almost three days and I'm not going to..."

"Three days!" Hal exclaimed, trying to sit up once again. He was astonished when Renora casually forced him back down to the table. So astonished that he couldn't say a word more.

Renora cast a look back at Garn cautiously. "Shhh," she softly admonished. "The mage needs his sleep. He's been hard pressed to receive any at all. What with you and Lanarra, the twins...  He's had his hands full."

Hal took a better look at the mage than he had before and was forced to agree with Renora. Garn looked like he hadn't slept in a week. His face was lined and his brow furrowed. And this while he was asleep! Hal sympathized with the mage's condition and swung his gaze back to the dark-haired girl.

"I'm sorry," Hal whispered. "I didn't realize." Taking his first real good look at himself, just by running his gaze down his frame, Hal was astonished to note how much weight he'd lost. He had to admit, even to himself, that he could hardly ever look scrawny. But it was a definitely noticeable difference. 

At that point he also noticed that Renora hadn't taken her hands off of his shoulders. He cast a curious glance up at her for a moment but let it pass. It wasn't as if it bothered him. 

But Renora seemed to sense something from his gaze and abruptly snatched her hands away, her face flushing a bright red. Once again Hal tried to sit up. After a fair amount of struggling he finally managed to prop himself up onto his elbows. Even so, the exertion of getting into that position and maintaining it was more than just a fair bit.

"You should really lie down," Renora said, coming out of her silence.

Hal shook his head slightly, a few limp strands of hair flopping about. "No," he panted. "I've been .. lying down for .. long enough." He paused long enough to take a deep breath. "Why am I...  so weak?"

Renora reached out and helped Hal pull himself into a sitting position. Once he had both of his legs swung over the side of the table and had his back more or less upright, he felt much more at ease.

"You're weak because you've lost an awful lot of blood, Hal." Renora explained as she stabilized the big man's frame. Certain that he wasn't about to topple over, she stepped away and grabbed a cloth. "Also, there's probably the fact that you've been lying flat on your back for nearly three days. So your body wouldn't be too used to moving just yet. No, don't do that... " Hal immediately stopped prodding at his bandaged leg. Renora returned with the cloth, dipping it into a washbasin on the way, and pressed it against Hal's flushed features. "Garnthalisbain will let you know when the bandages can come off. And not before." 

Hal sighed pleasurably at the cool feel of the damp cloth as it somehow managed to wipe away the pain and anxiety caused by his dream. Hal closed his eyes and just enjoyed the cleansing sensation. A slight trickle of cool water rolled down his face and dripped off the tip of his chin, splashing him in the chest. He chuckled softly, the effort causing him a bit of pain. Opening his eyes, Hal saw Renora staring at him intently.

She quickly changed her expression with a smile and quiet chuckle of her own. "You are a frightful mess, aren't you, big guy?" Hal was about to reply that he had no idea for he'd yet had the opportunity to check his appearance in a mirror. But Renora ran her fingers through his hair, pushing it back, away from his face; taking away Hal’s voice for a moment. "Oh, you're not that bad," Renora amended as she wiped the cloth about his neck. "I'm just certain that you wouldn't declare this moment as a personal best."

Hal wordlessly submitted to her attentions, nodding occasionally to let her know that he was paying attention. Renora continued to talk and wipe at his massive frame with the damp cloth. At long last she yawned hugely, her mouth open so wide that Hal had a more than ample view of the back of her throat.

When Renora finally regained her composure she looked at Hal abashedly. "Oh, I'm sorry," she said. "I've just been having some trouble sleeping."

"Why?" Hal asked quietly, concerned for the girl's welfare. "Have you been...  dreaming about the Sunrai...  uhm, about those...  uhm...  been having nightmares?"

She turned away from him then, wringing out the cloth and dipping it into the water again. "Not particularly. I mean, I suppose I will have...  nightmares for a long time. But that hasn't been what's bothering me."

Hal frowned slightly in confusion. "Well...  then what's wrong?" 

Renora turned back to Hal and started to wipe the cloth at the back of his neck again, reaching around from the front this time. Hal noticed that Renora was biting softly on her lower lip in what appeared to be concentration. He also noticed that her face was very close to his right at that moment.

"Well, Hal," she began slowly, with obvious uncertainty. "I've been...  worried, about you." Seeing the wide eyed confusion on Hal's open face, Renora quickly explained. "I mean, you've been out cold for almost three days. You were starting to show signs of never waking up. We couldn't get you to eat, you would only accept water. It took almost two hours for your leg to stop bleeding." She rattled off her reasons for several more moments before she finally realize that she was repeating herself.

Flustered, Renora put down the cloth and forced herself to look Hal in the eyes. He met her gaze calmly, though still a bit confused. "Just seeing you, lying there on the table. Unable to move, unable to wake...  It tore at me, Hal." She enfolded one of his powerful hands in both of her tiny ones. Astonished, Hal noted that there were tears forming in her eyes. 

"Renora .." he began, then stopped when she started to lean in closer. 

"You saved my life, Hal. You' re the first man I've ever met that was genuinely nice to me without expecting anything in return." She smiled slightly at him then while he leaned back, surprised. "Even your friends expect something out of me in one fashion or another. But not you." She chuckled softly then, leaning in even closer.

Hal continued to lean back, not certain what else he should do. When he finally leaned back as far as he could, he noted that he didn't have the strength to keep himself upright. With a muffled yelp, he lost his balance and fell back to the table. Waves of pain coursed up through his leg then, complaining about the sudden jarring sensation. He lurched out and gripped both sides of the table as he gritted his teeth to keep from howling. Off in the back of his mind he heard something crumble. 

Renora was right there, concern splayed all over her face and her cloth in hand. "Oh, Gods!" she breathed. "I'm so sorry, are you all right?" Hal grunted slightly through his clenched teeth and made several other strangled sounds. At that point he realize that his hands were still clenched around the table but were, at the same time both right in front of his eyes. It was then that he noticed the chunks of the table that he had torn off.

"Hal? Say something, Hal." Renora was right there, trying to make certain that he was all right. She wiped at his face again with the cloth. "Hal?"

When the sensations from his leg faded to a dull ache, Hal finally released his grip on the chunks of table and let go of his pent up breath. He looked up at Renora and tried to smile. "At least," he panted as he showed her one of the chunks of wood. "I'm starting to get my strength back."

Renora's face grew confused for a brief moment. Then she began to chuckle softly. "I'm sorry," she said again.

Hal looked at her questioningly. "For what? I fell all by myself. You didn't have anything to do with it."

She laughed again and rested her head down on his barrel-like chest. "You know, Hal? I think that's what I like best about you." She tilted her head back enough so that she could see his face. "You're so forgiving."

The confusion Hal felt easily manifested itself on his features. "Huh?" he said with superb eloquence. 

Renora smiled softly. "Never mind, Hal. It's not important." Then, to Hal's complete astonishment, Renora moved up his body and softly kissed him on the lips. She smiled again. "Not important at all." Then she moved away to dip her cloth in the washbasin again while Hal watched her in continued confusion.

*

Numbly, Ambori sat on watch. He was perched up in the wagon's driver's seat, wrapped in his purple cape and shivering slightly. He wasn't about to complain about the chill since it was the only thing keeping him awake by that point. Ever since Hal became injured the rest had been forced to pull extra night shifts, adding to the weariness of the already exhausted party.

He yawned abruptly, then immediately wished he hadn't. That just made him feel even more tired than he had before. The bard's limbs wanted nothing more than to just curl up in a little ball and slide ever so gently off to sleep. 

Snapping back up into a sitting position, Ambori realize that he had just about taken his own suggestion. Roughly jamming his red plumed hat upon his head, the bard jumped down from the wagon and started moving about. He started to go through his whole acrobatic warm up, anything to get the blood flowing through his limbs. 

He scooped up a small handful of the slushy snow and rubbed it all over his face. For a brief second he reached full alertness and jumped around with a bit of life. He was also jumping around because a bit of the snow had dribbled down the front of his tunic and was giving him the chills. He tried to keep his yelps of surprise as quiet as possible 

He walked over to the perimeter of their encampment and laughed. I hardly think that one beat up wagon and a ragged tent constitute a camp, Ambori thought with a wry grin. But Ambori shrugged, reminding himself that he was a bard, someone who was paid to make things at least sound more glamorous than they actually were. 

Looking off to the east, Ambori could see the first fringes of the sun making its plodding way over the distant horizon. He smiled grimly. Fantastic! he thought. Once the sun's up I'll wake the others and then we'll get to walk until our feet are sore for another glorious day! With little effort, the bard was able to restrain himself from dancing for joy.

He yawned again, tears of exhaustion springing to his eyes. Ambori began to curse softly, knowing that there was only one way to make certain that he remained alert, if nothing else.

With great reluctance, the bard withdrew a dagger from each sleeve and one from his belt. He regarded them for a long moment, concentrating fiercely. Then, slowly, he tossed them into the air and began to juggle them. 

This was an exercise that the bard was exceptional at when he was in full control of his faculties. But, exhausted as he was, this was an extreme test of his skill. Not to mention the danger of such an act at this time. 

The three knives flickered in the pre-dawn light as they spun end over end. At first Ambori's hands were jerky and were having trouble keeping up with the motion of the twirling blades. But after just a couple of seconds, his skilled and well practiced fingers caught onto the familiar pattern and began to take over without conscious thought. Ambori smiled, knowing that he was now awake. At least, for as long as he continued to juggle. 

I suppose if Tasha came out of her tent right now and saw me doing this that she'd accuse me of showing off again, Ambori thought with a grin as he remembered the other night. I really don't know why I did that. It just seemed like the thing to do. The bard chuckled to himself. And besides, it's obvious that she liked it. She just doesn't know it yet.

At that point one of the daggers slipped out of grip and nicked him slightly on the thumb. Ambori quickly stepped back out of the way and let the remaining knives fall harmlessly to the ground. He examined his thumb and noted that a bit of blood had begun to well up there. The bard shook his head with a grin. All right son, there's no need to get cocky. There's just as much chance that she'd like to kill you as well. Ambori laughed and stooped over to pick up his daggers.

As he crouched over Ambori heard a very faint noise behind him, one that didn't resemble any normal forest sound. Outwardly, the bard gave no sign that he'd noticed. He continued to casually retrieve his knives. When he heard the sound again, Ambori scooped up his last knife and dove to the right, rolling clear. 

The bard scrambled to his feet in the slippery slush and tried to get his bearings. The sudden rush of adrenaline not quite removing all traces of his weariness from his bones. He saw a dark, hooded man fill his vision before plodding headlong into his slender frame. As they both tumbled to the snow, Ambori felt something cold and sharp slide across his ribcage. The bard grunted at the sudden pain and swung a clenched fist at his assailant.

The man on top of him arched back and cried out in agony. At the same time Ambori felt something warm and sticky dribble down his arm. Taking a quick look, the bard saw that he fist he had swung still had one of his daggers in it. 

Ambori kicked the man away and rolled to the side, his dagger still in his hand. From out of the trees he saw more men in black hoods advance on him. Two of them held drawn short swords. With his superb agility, Ambori began to back away. The man that he'd stabbed was trying to weakly crawl away from the scene. It was then that Ambori noted the black arm band with the sigil of the sun on it.

"Sunraiders," Ambori mumbled to himself with dejection. "Don't you guys have anything better to do with your time?" 

One of the hooded men laughed. "You and band have brought this upon yourselves, you .." He was silenced by the knife that caught him full in the throat, effectively taking his voice away in a gurgling rush of breath. The man collapsed to the ground, his hands pawing blindly at the dagger imbedded in his esophagus. Ambori blinked, in surprise. Well, unable to believe that he'd actually hit his target for once. 

The other Sunraider began to charge, swinging his sword furiously. The bard stepped in close and ducked under the mad swing, driving his shoulder into the man's waist and wrapping his arms about the man's knees. Heaving with all of his strength, Ambori picked the man up and dumped him over his head and behind him. The man landed heavily on his back and coughed. The bard wasted no time and hopped lightly into the air, driving an elbow down into the man's face. The man cried out in agony and flopped about like a fish out of water. 

Ambori took a quick look around the rest of the camp. Hooded men with black armbands were already advancing on the tent and the wagon. However, there was commotion in the wagon and it looked as if Ceorn was stumbling out of the tent even as Ambori raised the alarm.

"Wake up! For the love of the Gods Above, wake up! We're under attack!"

A man advanced on Ceorn, swinging his sword viciously. The kelt, obviously surprised and still trying to orient himself, leapt back out of harm's way. The man saw what appeared to be an opening and lunged forward, his sword looking to skewer. At that point Ceorn's instincts took over.

The Crimson Bloodied-Fist dropped to one knee and watched the blade slide overhead without harm. The ‘Raider unable to halt his forward momentum, allowing Ceorn to lash out three times. One fist to the thigh to knock the man off balance. The second fist to the side of the knee, breaking it neatly and with a loud snap and the third a straight uppercut to the groin, just because he could.

Ambori looked away from that scene, knowing that Ceorn could handle the three other Sunraiders that advanced on him. He swung his gaze over to the wagon where at least five individuals with sharp weapons were advancing towards it. The bard began to lumber over to their aid, drawing more daggers out his sleeves as he did so.

The lead man opened the door to the wagon and stepped inside. There was a bluish flash of light and a muffled scream. The man was launched from the wagon at great velocity. His flailing form sailed across the tiny clearing and collided headlong with a highoak tree. 

Ambori smiled and slowed his frantic rush, knowing Garnthalisbain to be more than adequate in dealing with the men. He cockily flipped one of his daggers up into the air, casually catching the hilt on its descent. "What? Is this all of you guys? For some reason I expected more." The bard chuckled and turned back to retrieve his first dagger.

Then there came a brief moment in which all time seemed to stop for Ambori. Never before, in his entire life, had the bard seen anything more clearly. Turning back to the men he'd already dealt with, Ambori was momentarily frozen in absolute terror at the sight of ten hooded Sunraiders, all with their weapons drawn and pointed directly at him. 

Then came another moment in which Ambori had never felt more foolish in his entire life. 

Then the Sunraiders surged forward en masse. 

At that moment, Ambori of Threeapples Vale, turned and ran for his life. Screaming for help the whole way.

Off to his left he saw Ceorn fighting like a madman, hopelessly encircled by six men. The kelt already had cuts and sword wounds on his arms and back. Tasha was valiantly trying to hold off the two men facing her. Shiann was hiding in the torn up remains of the tent, screaming incoherently and holding both of the twins close to her. Two of the Sunraiders stood before her and the children, menacing them with their swords.

To his right as he passed the wagon, Ambori saw Hal stumbling out of the doorway. He was limping terribly on his bad leg and could barely raise his axe. Yet, several of the Sunraiders were hesitant to move in on him. Renora had a stick of firewood in her hands and was busily clubbing a Sunraider, who had picked her up on his shoulders, with it.

Garnthalisbain had stepped out into plain view, obviously trying to assess where his skills could be used the best. The mage focused his eyes on a target off behind the bard and raised his hands. Suddenly, Garn grunted in pain and tumbled to the slush covered ground. When he rolled onto his back, Ambori saw the arrow that had lodged itself in the mage's side. 

Ambori continued to run for all he was worth. He could hear the muffled grunts and heavy breathing of his pursuers but he didn't dare look back to see if he'd lost any of them. His mind raced frantically as he searched for some way to do...  anything. 

So Ambori did the only thing that he could think of. 

He screamed for help.

The colorful bard ran into the trees and began to side-step this way and that, hoping to cause one of his pursuers to misstep. There were many shouted curses from behind him. There was also a loud crash or two as people struck the ground and tripped over roots and assorted fallen branches. 

Suddenly planting his left foot firmly, Ambori cut a sharp right and bolted for the road, casually leaping over the fallen log in his way. A great many new curses were hollered out from his pursuers behind him. Allowing himself a look back over his shoulder, Ambori saw that only four of the Sunraiders were still directly on his tail. The rest had all either fallen somewhere in the back or had given up the chase for easier targets. 

Ambori smiled triumphantly and turned his gaze forward just in time to see a low hanging branch catch him right in the chest. Bizarrely, at the exact moment he struck the branch, Ambori would have sworn on his life that he'd heard the tinny sound of trumpets blaring somewhere in the background.

Ambori's feet kicked out from under him and his body flew in a very awkward fashion with his feet leading the way. His body sailed several feet through the air before finally striking the slush and mud. His frame plowed another few yards forward until a slender willow tree quite firmly stopped his momentum. Blinking away the stars and tears of pain, Ambori grabbed the willow that his now numb legs were wrapped around and gingerly forced himself to his feet. It was very difficult to keep moving at first, what with the wind completely knocked out of him from the fall and his manhood mashed into his pelvic bone by the willow tree. But somehow, Ambori moved as best he was able. 

Something slammed into his shoulder when he was within twenty strides of the road. New pain lanced through his mind and bright blood, his own blood, spattered out before him onto the snow and mud. The force of the blow pitched Ambori forward, knocking him clean off of his feet and sending him sprawling face first to the turf. 

Ambori's limp form slid until he reached the road, eating slush and mud the whole way. Tears flowed freely from the bard's eyes now, he had not even the energy to fight them. He was beaten. 

He angled his eyes up to the rising sun, knowing that he was seeing it for the last time and waited for his death to come. No more running, he thought weakly. No more fighting. Just...  no more.

Wishing that he had the strength to run his hand across his eyes, Ambori blinked heavily forced himself to look again. Silhouetted in the half visible sun were five large men on horseback. Off in the distance, it seemed that Ambori could hear trumpets again, though they were closer this time. The sound of horse's hoof beats quickly followed along with an incoherent sort of war cry. It seemed that the horsemen were all carrying long poles at first. But as they neared, Ambori was able to see that all five men were dressed from head to toe in gleaming plate mail armor and were each carrying a lance atop their heavy war-horse. As if their minds were one, the men lowered their lances and spurred their chargers forward.

From directly behind him, Ambori distinctly heard one of the Sunraiders say in a completely dejected voice. "Oh, you've got to be kidding me!"

Three of the horsemen thundered right on past him and headed on down the road, following the sounds of battle. The other two men rounded in Ambori's direction, their silvery armor gleaming in the early morning light the whole way. There was a full throated scream as one terror-frozen Sunraider was effectively skewered on the leading knight's lance. The rest of the hooded figures turned and bolted back for the relative safety of the trees, but not before one of the highwaymen was winged by the second knight.

Ambori tried to roll himself into a sitting position as the knights had a quick consultation. The one who had succeeded in his initial charge released his end of the lance and turned his stallion in the direction of the battle. The lance quivered slightly in the air but refused to drop seeing as the weapon's point had pinned its target to a highoak tree and was firmly imbedded there. 

The second knight dropped heavily from his horse and came to Ambori's aid. He fell to one knee beside the bard and raised his helmet's visor. Beneath was a youthful face, sweaty from the exertion but flushed with excitement and the thrill of battle. He carefully assisted the bard. "Are you all right, good sir?" he asked in a charming tenor, the type that Ambori himself would have killed for. Anything would have been better than his natural singing voice.

Ambori grimaced in extreme pain. "I'll live...  I think." He regarded the armored man up and down for a moment and grinned. "You've really got an excellent sense of timing, you know that?"

The man shrugged, an impressive feat considering the weight of his armor. "We try." He extended a gauntleted hand then and smiled. "Well met, good bard. I am Sir Raviron, Knight of Southmoor."

Ambori took the hand and shook it once. "Ambori of Threeapples Vale. Well met and damn glad to see you." He grunted painfully and gripped at his wounded shoulder, mindful of the sharp arrowhead that was protruding out of the front of Ambori's jerkin. The bard gazed at Raviron wryly. "I don't suppose that there would be anything that you could do about this, huh?"

*

The reaction that the sudden appearance of the mounted knights had on the collective Sunraiders was remarkable to see. One minute earlier, Hal had found himself leaning against the wall of the wagon, his axe held limply before him, giving no menace whatsoever to the three hooded men facing him and Renora. The next, almost every Sunraider to the man, turned and bolted for the relative safety of the trees. All it took was one blaring call of a trumpet and the highwaymen were completely spooked. 

Quietly, Hal also believed that the graphic scene of three of their associates being grotesquely speared upon the lances of the charging knights probably had something to do with their hasty retreat as well.

Seeing that there was no longer an immediate threat in his vicinity, Hal allowed his half-moon blade to slide from numb fingers as he collapsed to the slushy surface. Soon after, the excruciating pain of his leg overwhelmed him and he gripped at it fiercely with both hands, biting his lip to keep from screaming. 

He watched the three knights methodically barreled after the stragglers, hewing them down with their gleaming broadswords. The mounted men finally halted their charge at the tree line and shouted epithets and politic warnings after the fleeing Sunraiders. They waited there for several minutes before turning back.

Ceorn was a mess. He was lying flat on his back and was bleeding from dozens of different wounds. To Hal's untrained eye, none of the slashes looked very deep, but it was hard to say. One of the knights knelt down beside him and began to assess his needs.

Tasha was next to Shiann and the twins. Miraculously, she appeared to be unharmed. But Hal was unsure if the blood that covered parts of her tunic was her own someone else's. A knight with a red plume flying from his helmet and a likewise colored tabard covering his armor, strode up to her and raised his visor. He and Tasha seemed to make quick introductions and so forth as the man proceeded to remove his helmet. Nicalla was frantic, tugging at Tasha's pants leg and sobbing hysterically. With the ease of a man much used to the act, the knight scooped the little blonde-haired girl up into his arms and began to speak soothing words, rocking her back and forth.

A fourth knight rode up from the road dismounted from his steed, quickly assisting Renora to her feet. She was sitting not far from Hal's prone form and accepted the hand up gracefully. The knight was ridiculously handsome, but there was something about the knight's eyes as he looked at Renora that set Hal's teeth on edge. A fifth knight arrived on the scene soon after, taking Hal's attention away from Renora. The knight was carrying a very dirty and disheveled Ambori on the back of his horse. Both men dismounted near Garnthalisbain's unmoving form and advanced on him quickly.

"Are you all right, good sir?" inquired a voice from right beside him. Hal managed to turn his head enough to look up at the man who spoke. It was the red-plumed knight. He was still holding Nicalla gently, casually cradling her in the crook of his left arm. Tasha stood right beside him, a look of exhaustion on her face.

Hal muttered something non-committal under his breath and tried to roll onto his back. Tasha knelt down beside him and assisted as much as she was able. The knight reached down with his free hand. Hal gave it a guarded look, then took it firmly in his own. The knight heaved mightily while Tasha helped as much as she could. In the end, both were able to get Hal to his feet without him crying out too much. Together they helped him hobble over to a fallen log and allowed him to sink gratefully upon it.

Looking down at his leg, Hal was alarmed to see a slight trickle of blood flowing down his calf. Once again he had managed to tear open the half-healed cut. Hal tried not to groan too loudly. 

Tasha sat beside him and peered at his face. "What is it?"

Hal looked away from his leg and into her amber eyes for the first time in what seemed like (and actually was, now that he thought about it) days. "Nothing, milady," He said. Then he winced at a sudden twinge of pain. "At least nothing that can be helped right now, milady," he amended.

But it was too late. Tasha had already seen the trickle of blood. She cast the big man a dark look. "You and I still need to have that talk," she muttered before sliding off the log to examine how bad his wound now was.

Noting the conspicuous silence from the armored man, Hal looked up into the knight's face questioningly. Hal was surprised to see that he was roughly middle-aged. From the way that he handled himself in battle, Hal would have guessed him to be a man many years his junior. His hair was streaked with grey at points and cropped just this side of being considered long. He wore a mustache that trailed all the way down to his chin and had piercing blue eyes. That along with his long nose and sharp, weathered features made the man seem almost like a hawk at times.

And at this time, his gaze was locked firmly on Hal. On his face, to be precise. He seemed to be studying Hal's features intently, as if he was trying to see something that he wasn't sure was there. Hal didn't know what to make of it. There was nothing remarkable about his face save that even after three days without shaving he still had little more than stubble on his cheeks.

Unable to take the treatment any more, Hal spoke. "Is something ami...  ames...  troubling you, Sir Knight?"

The knight seemed to shake out of his stupor, almost alarming the quiet child in his arm. "No, son. Not at all." He took one last piercing look then shook his head slightly. "In this light … I could have sworn that you reminded me of someone is all. Pay it no mind...  Hal, is it?" Hal nodded his shaggy head affirmatively. "Good lad."

Hal caught a glimpse of both Ambori and the knight with him slowly backing away from the mage's prone form. Garn's frail body was glowing a soft shade of red and had begun to levitate slowly into the air. There was a sudden lurch and Garn grunted, forcing both his arms out in front of him. A slightly bloody object dropped to the ground, from the distance Hal barely recognized it as an arrow. Garn straightened then into a standing position and lowered himself to the ground. The glow disappeared and he looked none the worse for wear save for a slight in the front of his dark colored robes. He looked at Ambori and the knight before him curiously, both were staring at him with their mouths wide open. "What? Hurry up and say something before the flies learn about the new spaces available for rent." 

Realizing that the red-plumed knight had said something, Hal returned his attention to the man before him. "I'm sorry, Sir Knight. What did you say?"

The man smiled, lines of age crinkling around his mouth. "I was merely introducing myself, Hal. Sir Terius, Head Knight of Southmoor, at your service." He even managed a slight bow in his armor.

Tasha removed the bandage from Hal's leg and drew a sharp intake of breath. Looking down, Hal noted that the wound had been more or less scabbed over and had been well on its way to healing nicely. Now that it had been torn open once again, it was a red, bleeding mess. Tasha looked him dead in the eye. "You've really got to stop doing this to yourself," she admonished, one eyebrow arching at him accusingly. 

"Greetings milady, it's nice to see you too. How've you been?" Hal muttered. Tasha surprised Hal by actually laughing at his small attempt at humor.

Terius gazed down at the wound and whistled sympathetically. "I'll bet that one hurt." he commented.

"Yes," Hal stated, completely dead-panned. "It hurt very much. In fact, it still hurts quite a bit."

Terius quirked a small smile and tucked the gauntlet from his free hand into his belt. "I should say so lad." He knelt down as much as his armor allowed and reached out to Hal's wound with his bare hand. "Let's see what we can do about that."

Tasha gazed at him curiously. "What are you doing?"

The knight winked at her. "Trust me."

Interlude - Contact

A pause in the energies.

Xir opened his eyes. A new surge of power flowed in from the staff, replacing the temporary void left behind after his last attempt. 

What has caught my attention?

Casting his dark souled gaze, both physical and ethereal, in all directions, Xir searched for the source of his disturbance. In the grayness and the mist, there was no change. The mist began to crawl away from the outburst but now was returning to its former position and standpoint.

It was nothing in the prison itself, of that much the archmage was certain.

Then what?

Feeling the emotion of bewilderment for the first time many centuries, Xir clenched his fingers repeatedly. Twisting his hands along the staff and drawing on as much power as he was able, searching as far outward as the energies would allow him with the prison.
	
There!

Faintly, off in the mystical distance, came a magical symbol. It flashed like a sort of beacon, one that Xir could only imagine in his expansive mind. It pulsed beckoningly, begging for his attention.

Smirking to himself Xir deigned to respond to the beacon.

YOU HAVE ACQUIRED THE ATTENTION OF XIR, THE ALL-POWERFUL! PRAY THAT YOU ARE NOT WASTING MY TIME!

The answer to his cry was immediate.

Almighty, Xir. I am but a humble wizard of the mortal plain. I have spent my entire existence in this life trying to follow your life's accomplishments.

WHO ARE YOU?

I am called Abalanor by my peers. I have spent many years attempting to make contact with you, oh mighty one. 

Xir let the words sink in and said nothing.

WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME, MORTAL?

There was a pause. 

My Lord Xir, it began. Would you like to be free?

*

Abalanor was released from the magical contact violently. The backlash of energies flung the tall wizard out from the pentagram he'd inscribed on the floor and well across the room. He landed in a heap and shuddered. Never before had the dark mage encountered a being with more raw anger and malice in all of his worldly searching.

With great effort, Abalanor pushed himself up from the polished marble. Sweat soaked his blood red robes and he had a small laceration across his forehead.

Limping over to the plush throne along the back wall of the antechamber, he allowed his wearied form to flop down on the main seat cushion. Leaning back, Abalanor breathed the first real sigh he'd allowed himself in quite some while. 

Letting his eyes stray over to the gaudy vanity mirror, the wizard took the opportunity to see if he was seriously injured. 

As far as wizard's go, one would hardly classify him as being of the typical mold. He was tall, well over six-and-a-half feet. But he wasn't thin. He was lean, wiry and strong willed. Pushing back the hood of his robe revealed the coal black eyes and the pallid gray tone of his skin. His iron gray hair was cropped short and plastered to his scalp with sweat. 

For too long had Abalanor relied on the magical properties of the universe to do the menial things as well as the important things. For over three hundred years had this dark elf associated with the daemons of the Netherworld to assist him in his studies. Thus explained the unhealthy and death-like quality to his flesh and frame.

With his little finger, Abalanor took a swipe at the laceration on his forehead. He examined the blood laden there with clinical curiosity. It was a red too dark in color to even be called crimson. the red of his robes appeared healthier.

Snaking his tongue out from between tightly compressed lips, he tasted at his blood as if sampling a fine wine. he smacked his lips couple of times and rolled his eyes back in his head. After swallowing he opened his eyes and smiled. 

Summoning one last surge of power, Abalanor established contact with one of his prime underlings. Sensing that this one was asleep at the time brought another smile to the wizard's lips. He snapped his fingers like a thunderclap and laughed humorlessly as his minion was all but kicked awake.

Yes my liege, came the weak, alarmed response.

"Is all in readiness?" Abalanor asked, his voice soft and calculating.

There was a slight pause. Of course, Mighty Abalanor. I merely await your signal.

"You hesitate," hissed the wizard. "Why?"

There have been...  complications.

"Such as?"

Terius returns. And he brings with him knowledge of the lay of the land... 
	
"Is that all?"

That and he brings others. A travelling band of...  warriors I believe.

Abalanor paused. "And this is a complication because...  "

Another hesitation. My liege, I believe one of them to be a mage!

The wizard's face became stony. "Balinvain, you have a job to do. These strangers are just that. Strangers."

But, my liege... 

"Silence!" Abalanor thundered. "I have had enough of your blithering. You know what you have to do, so do it. i will except no excuses! You know the penalty for failure!" He broke the connection before his minion could respond a last time.

Abalanor leaned back in his throne and closed his eyes. Taking a hard-earned rest.


Chapter 13 - The Last Leg

Garnthalisbain leaned back in his seat and sighed contentedly. He took a small sip from the wine flask in his hand and smacked his lips soundly. Swinging his gaze over to Ambori, Garn grinned minutely. "Now this," he said matter-of-factly. "This is how we should have been going about it from the beginning."

Ambori chuckled and raised his own wineskin in salute. "I'd have to agree with you on that one." Then he tilted back his head and allowed a long stream of the cool fluid to roll down his throat, a small dribble of the dark liquid trickling out the side of his mouth.

Garn smiled genuinely and went back to his own drink. 

Together, both Garn and Ambori were lazily steering the wagon's horses from high atop the driver's perch, mainly just keeping them in line with the rest of the caravan. Leading the way, with the colors of Southmoor flapping from the pennon on the tip of his lance, was Sir Terius. His silvery armor gleamed in the bright sunlight and seemed to outshine the white of the snow all around. To his immediate right and left were Sir Raviron and Sir Krehgal, respectively. The remaining two knights remained a respectful distance in the background, holding the caravan's rear guard. Not that there had been much use for it, there hadn't been any sign of the Sunraiders since the surprising arrival of their Southmoorian "honor guard". 

Not that Garn was about to complain. Since their arrival he hadn't needed to do much more than continue his daily study of Lanarra's condition. And it wasn't as if that task was terribly difficult. Every day, no change. Very simple.

Nicalla, the little girl twin, had apparently decided to make Terius her surrogate father, giving Tasha a much needed break from the childs’ attentions. Nicalla rode on the front of Terius' war horse and remained there. Even from the distance, Garn could just imagine the questions that she was continually plaguing the head knight with. 

Thinking of Tasha, Garn swung his gaze off to the left to check on her. She was riding one the knight's spare horses, as was Ceorn. The squires all rode their ponies behind the wagon, leading the packhorses and supplies.

Tasha appeared to be attempting brevity with Ceorn as he flooded her with his unending stream of stories and lame jokes. Even from his spot on the wagon Garn could easily hear the kelt's cocky chuckle. The black-robed mage shook his head in sympathy and buried his face a bit deeper into the cowl, his bangs flopping down across his eyes as he did so. 

Pushing the stray strands of hair out of his eyes, he caught a glimpse of Hal walking on the other side of the wagon. Garn still couldn't believe the big man's rate of recovery. To Garn's surprise, Sir Terius, and Sir Raviron to a lesser degree, had a gift similar to Garn's involving the Power. Their abilities with the Power showed through most prominently in their compassion for the well-being of others. Consequently the only thing that they knew how to do with the Power was ease someone's pain, assess their injury and then heal it. In a way, what they did was similar to what Clerics were capable of only their abilities were more limited.

But even with his limitations, Sir Terius' ability to heal was still remarkable. With a casual touch to Hal's inflamed leg and a faint, almost unnoticeable surge of Power, the wound slowly became disinfected and closed up as if it had never been there. Hal had still been weak from the loss of blood, but two solid days of relatively decent meals and rest had almost brought him back to full strength.

That was why Hal was casually striding along beside the wagon, easily keeping pace with the rest of the caravan. The other twin, Nichos was sitting atop Hal's shoulders, both feet kicking slowly, occasionally thumping against his broad chest. The boy laughed, folding his hands on top of Hal's head. Renora walked next to the big man chatting amiably. Both had decided to walk rather than accept one of the spare steeds. Clinically, Garn approved of this. It gave Hal a chance to test out his freshly healed leg and make sure that there wouldn't be any lingering problems.

Renora's eyes were wide open, her emotions obvious on her face as she spoke with Hal. The open-hearted young man smiled down at her politely, carrying on the conversation as well as he was able despite his vocabulary limitations. Garn couldn't be certain, but he thought that Hal knew of Renora's feelings towards him. It's not like she was being terribly subtle, the way Renora just looked at Hal...  He'd have to be a complete imbecile not to notice.

Garn laughed. I am talking about Hal though. And that changes everything.

"Isn't this nice, Hal?" Renora was saying, her hair was bouncing freely behind her in a steady stream as they walked. "I mean the chance to rest and take our time to Southmoor?"

Hal winced painfully as Nichos pulled on his hair a bit before smiling. "I guess, yeah."

She chuckled. "What, aren't you sure?"

Taking Nichos down from his shoulders and setting him carefully on the ground gave Hal the excuse to look away for a moment. Garn smiled as he saw the expression of abject confusion on Hal's face before the big man straightened up and spoke again. "Uhm .." he began with great eloquence. "I guess so." Nichos smiled happily up at Hal and Renora before hopping into the wagon to find something else to do. 

Renora laughed and leaned against Hal's strong frame, wrapping both of her arms around his right one. "Well which is it?"

Hal looked away again. Garn coughed violently to cover up the laughter that nearly burst forth at the sight of Hal's beet red face.

Ambori leaned over and grabbed the mage's shoulder. "Are you all right?" he asked with a slight grin.

Garn smiled at him winked conspiratorially. "Yeah, I'm fine. Cheers." With that they both tilted back and drank deeply. The mage belched rudely before turning his attention back to the big man and his "problem".

Hal had begun to take a sudden, very serious interest in the hilt of his sword, Stormbringer. All the while, Renora continued to lean very heavily upon his arm and talk. The whole time, Hal's face never turned a shade of red lighter than that of an apple.

"Where are you from, Hal?" Renora asked him at one point, causing Garn to pay a bit closer attention. This was a question that he'd been wanting to ask for a while now himself.

Hal glanced down at her in surprise before quickly flicking his gaze away. "Well, uhm...  The same as the others. The Vineyard Grove, you knew that."

"But were you always there?" she elaborated. "I heard Lady Tasha mention that she didn't know you until a couple of years ago."

Hal nodded once, tossing his tangled hair in front of his eyes. Renora reached up to push it away from his face but he flicked it back before she could do so. "That's true." he said carefully.

After a few seconds of silence, Renora laughed and made an encouraging motion with one hand. "Wonderful. So, where did you come from?"

Hal's face slowly lost its flush as his eyes grew distant. 

"Well," Hal said softly. "That's a good question...  I really wish I could answer it."

Renora's gaze became confused. "Are you saying you don't know where you come from?"

Hal nodded once, regret etched on his face. "Yeah." He paused, his face showing strain as he tried to come to grips with the elusive memories. Garn found his full attention on Hal, his wineskin forgotten and resting unstoppered in his lap. A bit of the liquid dribbling into his cloak. 

"All I can really...  remember," the big man began. "Is images .. kinda. I see my .. my mother and father one minute. But I can't really remember them. Not anymore." Hal paused again, trying to think. The look of sorrow on his face was very moving. 

"We used to live in this .. place? I can't .. y'know? It was big. That's all I know for sure." He blinked. A significant sort of blink. Garn realize the foolishness of that thought, but felt it to be true all the same. "Just .. big. Real fancy too, fancier than the Vineyard Grove's keep." He saw Renora staring into his eyes with wonder. He lowered his blue-grey gaze down to the slushy road. "You probably think I'm just making this up, huh?"

"No." Renora assured him, shaking her head softly. "Not at all. I don't think you're capable of lying."

Hal got a bit red in the face again. His eyes showed a bit of personal regret and he tossed a guarded look across the way at Tasha. "Oh, no," he contradicted. "I can lie. I'm just not very good at it is all."

Renora shrugged her shoulders, smiling slightly. "Either way. Please continue."

Hal took a few seconds to think about what he wanted to say. "I'm not sure how much more there is to tell. My mom and dad, they were taking me on a trip with them somewhere. I don't know where. I remember being on a boat for a bit .. And riding in a carriage, I think it was ours. I'm not sure." He paused painfully, his face displaying great regret. 

"Hey," Renora squeezed his arm reassuringly. "It's all right. You don't have to say anything you don't want to."

Shrugging slowly, Hal forced a weak grin. "Well, you did ask." He said before going on. "I never really saw what happened. My mom, she was so pretty .. She shook me awake one night and told me that we had to run. We ran into the woods .. next to the road. I caught a glimpse of my dad, his big sword in his big hands...  He was so strong. And smart...  Always knew just what to do." He took a slow, deep breath. 

"I just ran. My mom fell and I stopped to help...  But...  She told me to keep running, that she'd catch up...  She didn't." Renora gasped, her eyes beginning to water. Hal swallowed painfully and Garn couldn't really blame him at all. He found himself feeling a bit misty eyed himself. 

"The next morning, I found my way back to the...  spot, I guess. There was .. blood .. and bodies and...  My mom and .. Mom and Dad... " Hal broke off, unable to speak anymore.

"Hey, Garn?" The mage started violently and whipped his gaze to Ambori, the look in his eyes more than easily conveying the irritation that he was feeling. The bard, quite tipsy by this time failed to notice it. "If you're just going to let your wine spill into your cloak, would you mind if I had it?"

Noting for the first time the dampness over his leg, Garn grimaced disgustedly. He handed the wineskin to Ambori without a word and turned back to Hal's story.

"... and I think that's just about the time that Lord Aeros took me in and brought me to the Vineyard Grove," Hal said, neatly wrapping up his moving tale. Garnthalisbain could have screamed in frustration.

Neither of them spoke for several moments. "You've had a rough life, haven't you big guy?" Renora asked then, completely serious.

Hal seemed to think about it for a second, then shook his head. "I don't think so."

Renora stared at him incredulously. "How can you say that? Think of all that you've been through. Think of... "

Raising his free hand to cut her off, Hal grinned slightly. "I apprec...  apprek...  I'm glad for your concern. But it's really all right...  I'm fine despite everything, no serious injuries or...  anything. My only wish is that I could be as...  smart as you or the others. But," he shrugged with his boyish grin. "That's the way it goes, I guess. Aeros has a saying. 'Whatever doesn't kill you just makes you stronger'." Jokingly Hal bent his arm, curling his fist towards his shoulder and flexed. The skin writhed and rippled at the pressure. "And apparently I’m pretty strong."

Garnthalisbain stared open-mouthed at the big man as Renora chuckled happily. The mage was just astounded by the depth and thought of Hal's seemingly simple comment. It opened up a whole new avenue for Garn's opinions towards his friend. He vowed from that day forward to never seriously consider Hal as being stupid again.

"Does anyone else know about that, Hal? Your past I mean," Renora asked.

"I don't think so." Then he paused to actually think about it. "Well, I know I told Aeros, and I think he told Lord Tyren. But beyond that, you're only the...  Second? Yeah, second person I've told."

Renora's eyes got very wide then, almost as wide as her smile. "Really?"

Hal nodded. "Yeah. I don't even think that Tasha knows." The smile froze on Renora's face and the gleam faded from her eyes. She didn't release her grip on Hal's arm but she didn't lean against him as much as before. Noting the change Hal turned his gaze to her. "Is something wrong?" His voice honestly conveyed his concern, just as it always did.

She shook her head softly and forced a smile back on her face. "No, not really."

"You sure?"

"Uh-huh."

Garn shook his head slightly and sighed. The mage could hardly believe how dense the big man could be at times. And he was doing so well too.

They travelled onwards like that for a while longer in relative silence. In the near distance the spires of Southmoor Castle could be seen. And if one strained they might just have been able to make out the sounds of the immense marketplace.

After a while the knight, Sir Krehgal dropped back from the caravan's formation to ride his steed beside Hal and Renora. Garn kept a wary eye on the knight. He knew that it was a strange thought to be having of one your saviors. But all the same, Garn just couldn't bring himself to trust the knight. 

What the mage slotted it up to was his looks and his attitude. He was easily the most handsome of the five knights and he knew it too. A youngish man, mid to late twenties, Garn was guessing. He had the clean-shaven, natural good looks that a lot of women went for, the mature-but-not-too-experienced-look Garn called it. The knight removed his helm and rested it upon the pommel of his saddle, revealing the glossy black hair that flowed part way down his back. Piercing green eyes and a strong, healthy frame completed the effect. That and his status as a knight, most likely.

It was his smirk, Garn decided at last. That cocky, I'm-so-much-better-than-you-and-I-know-it-too smirk. It was enough to drive a person crazy. It was almost unnatural.

"Greetings, milady," Krehgal spoke, his voice a lilting tenor but not quite musical. "How are you feeling on this fine day?"

Renora's expression was quite amusing to look at. In one respect, it was all smiles for the handsome knight. In the other, it was clearly displeased at the thought of speaking with the man. "Fine thank you, yourself?"

The knight smirked. Garn thought that it was supposed to be a smile, but it didn't quite make it to his eyes. "Why very fine, milady. Same as always, of course." He laughed deeply, very practiced and perfected. Garn decided right then and there that this man was even more sure of himself than Ceorn was. But, unlike the kelt, Krehgal didn't have much to back himself up with. That three foot sword looked a bit slower on the draw that Ceorn's fists were.

Krehgal extended a gauntleted hand down to Renora. "It pains me to see you walking all this way, milady. Allow me to save you from your present company and elevate you to my position. Ride along my steed with me and I'll tell you all about my homeland."

Renora smiled regretfully, or at least she tried to, it didn't come out quite right. "I thank you, Sir Knight. But I'm perfectly content walking, and I am more than content with my present company."

The smirk twitched and the peaceful gleam in his eyes shifted. Very faintly Garn felt a small surge that had nothing to do with the conversation. However, he shoved the thought aside as the situation looked like it was about to get ugly.

Krehgal tried to laugh it off. "Very few women deny me even once, I am impressed." His voice sounded something short of 'impressed' as he continued. "But no one ever deny me twice. Now, again I tell you woman, come up on my steed and ride with me."

The smile dropped from Renora's face altogether. "No thank you, Sir Knight." And with that she turned her head away, refusing to even look at the man.

Again, off in the back of his mind Garn felt a surge, but suddenly, Krehgal was beside himself. It was as if someone had snatched the facade of politeness and passivity away and replaced it with a feral snarling demon. Krehgal's face flushed a bright red and his nostrils flared. "How dare you, wench!" He growled, snatching a handful of Renora's hair and yanking on it. She squealed in sudden pain. "I'll teach you to... " 

And that was as far as he got. 

Just as Garn was readying a spell to hurl at the errant knight, Hal clamped his hand down on Krehgal's extended arm, knuckles white as he fiercely gripped the man's greave-plate. The two men locked eyes for a long moment, gathering the attention of everyone else in the caravan. Including that of Tasha, Sir Raviron and Sir Terius. Strangely, Terius did not immediately interfere. He appeared to be content to let the two men settle the dispute themselves.

Garn just hoped that Hal didn't do something that they would all regret. 

"Peasant," Krehgal said at last, putting every ounce venom that he possibly could into his voice. "Are you actually touching me, or am I imagining things?" His smirk was back but it was hardly warm. Not to mention the decidedly frazzled look in the knight eyes. Garn's brow furrowed as he looked at the knight, the gears in his head starting to turn, almost on their own.

Hal shrugged, the expression on his face was non-committal. "At the moment, I'm just touching your armor. I'll let that go the minute you let Renora go."

The knight snorted derisively. "I'll do as I please, peasant. And if you don't release me this instant I will see to it that you don't live through the day."

Hal took a minute to ponder the situation. Renora's eyes showed a great deal of fear but also a large amount of concern for the big man's well-being. Tasha had started to make her way over to assist but Ceorn held her back, the expression on his face similar to that of Terius'. Raviron shook his head in shame, upset with his brother knight.

There is something definitely wrong here, Garn thought as his eyes narrowed, focusing directly on the knight. He began to pull at the Power. 

After having thought it over, Hal looked down at Renora and grinned slightly, reassuringly. Shifting his gaze back up to the knight he met the smirk with one of his own. "Well?" Krehgal asked cruelly. "Are you going to release me or are you just going to stand there like an oaf and think about it all day long?" 

Hal's face flinched once. Garn distinctly heard the big man mutter, "That does it," under his breath before, glaring slightly at the knight, Hal inhaled deeply and squeezed. 

The muscles of Hal's arm strained to the breaking point for what couldn't have been more than a second. There came the sound of metal squealing in protest and then Krehgal's smirk dropped, quickly replaced by a howl of pain. His fingers sprung open, releasing his grip on Renora.

"There," Hal said with a sharp exhale. "Now I'm touching you." Garn gaped, all thoughts of using the Power vanishing from his mind. Krehgal's greave was now decorated with a hand-shaped dent that had completely crushed through the padding and bracing and was pressed to the knight's flesh. Blood had begun to pour from out of the gaps in the metal. 

Renora, now released, flung her arms about Hal's torso and held him close, casting a nervous glance back at the knight. Surprised, Hal carefully put one arm around her, his other hand slowly inching towards the axe hanging from its loop on his right hip.

Krehgal stared at the crumpled armor in astonishment. The humiliation of the moment obvious on his face. With his good hand he reached for his sword. "For that, peasant," he said in a pain-filled voice. "You will die." He withdrew the blade in one fluid sweep and swung the weapon down faster than Hal could blink. Garn lunged forward in his seat desperately trying to form some sort of spell.

Sparks flew brightly into the air as Krehgal's sword was forcibly halted by a second blade. Surprised, Krehgal looked up and saw that it was the sword of Sir Terius that had interfered with his killing stroke.

Krehgal urged his horse back a step or two. Terius glared at him with an expression of extreme anger and disappointment. "You are out of order, Sir Knight," he said in a voice that made ice seem warm. "We have spoken of this abusive behavior of yours before and we will speak of it again." Krehgal began to sputter but the Head Knight of Southmoor would hear none of it, making a slashing gesture with his blade. "I don't want to hear another word from you until we reach the castle. For now you will go back and ride with the squires. And no, you will not be healed until we reach the castle. Is that understood?"

The embarrassed knight sputtered on for a few more moments then finally sheathed his blade and stiffly rode back to the squire's and the supplies, casting a dark, vengeful look back at the big man.

Sir Terius sighed deeply and sheathed his own blade. Nicalla, still perched on the front of the knight's saddle clapped her hands and laughed delightedly. "Again!" she cried. "Do it again!"

Terius smiled down at her and smoothed back her hair. "You liked that, eh?"

Garn caught a glimpse of Tasha looking very relieved, her face ashen and her eyes fixed on Hal's back. She was still breathing heavily from the action of the moment and was stoically ignoring Ceorn's attentions. Then she saw Garn watching her. Turning a bright red, Tasha snapped her gaze away and pretended to be listening to Ceorn again.

The mage chuckled and turned back to the others.

"Thanks you, Sir Terius," Renora was saying. "I thought for sure … Actually I don’t know what I thought.."

Terius tried to smile, his hawk-like gaze seeming to encompass everything while remaining focused on one object. "My pleasure, milady. I just wish that I could apologize for the actions of my errant knight." He swung his sharp gaze to Hal then. Unconsciously Hal straightened his back and raised his chin. The perfect, military posture. "I am very impressed, Hal. That was an incredible display of strength."

Hal shrugged noncommittally. "I've been through a lot," was all that he said. Renora chuckled sourly while Terius' face got a bit confused.

"I...  see." He cleared his throat purposefully. "Well, don't despair. We'll be reaching the castle by suppertime tonight. And I promise you the best meal you've ever had. I give you my knightly guarantee." At that he swung his steed back forward and led the caravan back to the journey.

Renora hugged Hal fiercely. "I can't believe what you did for me Hal." She gushed, her heart in her eyes once again. "No one's ever done anything like that for me before."

Hal shrugged yet again, at the same time that Tasha swung her gaze back to the pair. "I just did what I had to, Renora. I couldn't let you be hurt by that...  guy."

Renora seemed to melt. "Oh Hal." Impulsively she pulled his head down and kissed him passionately. Hal's ears turned bright red while Tasha's face froze in shock. She displayed a great deal of personal confusion as, with a wooden motion, she turned away from the sight. 

When Renora finally let Hal come up for air he took it in great gulps. "Uhm...  Uh...  huh?" He said with the expected amount of eloquence. Renora laughed and hugged him again. Garn smiled and flicked the reins to the horses, taking the two out of his sight and getting the caravan moving again, all thoughts of Krehgal momentarily forgotten.

Ambori came out of his drunken stupor with a start. Garn was certain that he hadn't passed out but was merely dazed. The bard tried to focus his bleary eyes on the mage but was having some trouble.

Garn clapped him on the back and nearly caused the colorfully dressed man to regurgitate right then and there. Painfully swallowing back whatever it was that had shot into his mouth, Ambori tried to speak. "Where are we?" he asked groggily.

"A couple of hours from Southmoor Castle."

"What'd I miss?" he slurred.

Garn shrugged slightly. "Not too much."

"Really?"

"Yep."

"S'strange. I could'a sworn I'd missed something'."
Chapter 14 - Southmoor Castle

Tasha found herself gaping with wonder.

Gods! Nothing I'd envisioned prepared me for this!

Raised up on knoll and gleaming over the surrounding city was a work of pure, architectural art. Whitewashed spires reached for the heavens, appearing to actually grasp at them from the way the designs twisted around themselves at the top. The walls were so white they seemed to be made of pure ivory from the way that the sun glanced off them. 

The front gates looked to have been smelted from unfettered silver as they glistened in the late afternoon light. As they neared ever closer, Tasha noted the elegant curving moat that flowed endlessly about the outskirts of the fortress' perimeter. It's elegance and beauty was but an aside, designed to throw it's attackers off their guard from a distance. Upon closer inspection, the average eye could distinguish the multiple lookout points positioned along the walls. Tasha didn't need to be a warrior to know that each of those points had at least one arrow slot. Never mind the ones positioned atop the walls proper.

And the smoothness of the walls themselves was a calculated advantage against invaders. Any advancing army would have a difficult time gaining purchase climbing that wall without the aid of a ladder or similar war machine. 

The city itself was surrounded by a lesser wall, but a wall all the same. One that an army would have little trouble scaling or breaking through. But it would slow them down enough for the fortress to settle in for an attack, round up the civilian population and set up multiple ambushes throughout the city. 
 
From high up on the wagon, Tasha distinctly heard Ambori slur out. "Holy mother of a...  That’s shiny!" 

And then he belched.

Tasha covered her eyes with the palm of one hand and thought she might die of humiliation.

The smack of flesh on flesh was the next sound to be heard. "Oww! What was that...  excuse me." Then came the faint sound of the bard vomiting.

Correction. Now I will die of humiliation.

Garnthalisbain sighed. "The cuff was for being an idiot, you idiot. Now go sober up before we get to the castle." Tasha risked a look back and saw Ambori slink off of the wagon and stagger over to the side entrance in search of some food.

The little boy Nichos jumped out of the wagon just seconds before Ambori stumbled in. He gave the bard a peculiar look then bounced over to Hal, tugging at the leg of his new pants. "Hal?" he called, looking up at the big man.

Turning away from Renora, Hal looked down at the boy and smiled. "Hello Nichos. What can I do for you?" Nichos stretched out both of his arms, his eyes pleading silently. Hal sighed in mock annoyance. "All right," he said, bending low and scooping the boy up in his free arm. "But if keep carrying you everyplace, you're gonna forget how to walk."

"No I won't!" Nichos said, thinking that he knew better.

Hal eyed him as if uncertain. "Are you sure?"

The boy nodded his violently. "Uh-huh," he assured. 

Hal smiled. "All right."

Renora smiled up at the boy, reaching across Hal to push at his hair in a near futile effort at straightening it. "Have you scared your hair with a brush today, Nichos?"

Both Nichos and Hal looked at each other before turning to regard Renora in confusion. "What for?" they asked in perfect unison. Renora laughed.

Tasha smiled slightly at the scene but felt strangely uneasy as she watched the goings on. She was smiling because watching Hal deal with children was always something to be admired. As to why she was uneasy...  that was a bit more complicated.

For the last couple of days Tasha had noticed Renora slowly gravitating over to Hal emotionally as well as physically. It didn't take a wizard to see that she was at least infatuated with the big man. 
	
And why shouldn't she be? Of the four men who assisted in her rescue from the Sunraiders he was probably the best choice for her. Ceorn was too old and much too overbearing for her at this delicate time. Ambori was out for just about the same reason. While he was a bit closer to her age, the bard was just a little too certain of himself and his ego was nothing to rule out either. 

Garnthalisbain however was right out and probably the other side of the coin. While he was also quite certain of himself and no less egotistical, he was far too harsh. While the mage obviously respected Renora’s intelligence as well as her bedside manner, as seen when she assisted him with medical needs, Garn also showed absolutely no interest in her. And while Garn was attractive if you went for the skinny, perpetually tired and grumpy sort. You'd have to be able to get him to open up and talk to you. Tasha had known him for close to five years and he'd yet to say a word to her about his past or his personal feelings. And he considered her one of his closest friends!

What Renora needed at this time was a man who was gentle and caring. One who didn't think too much of himself but was more than capable of protecting her from the more dangerous sorts in this world. After two horrible experiences with foul, lecherous men, Renora truly needed someone that she could trust and care about.

Enter Hal. He was all of those things and more. Strong, caring, self-conscious and protective. In all categories, he was the perfect candidate for Renora.

So why was does my stomach turn every time I see them talking?

Turning her gaze directly at the castle before her, if for nothing else than to keep from looking at Hal and Renora, Tasha tried to sort the issue out.

Part of it, Tasha was certain, was how Hal had behaved in the past. She didn't need to be telepathic to realize that Hal's feelings for her were more than just friendly. Even before the time that she'd found herself drawn to his dream she'd had a bit of a clue. Just a bit. He only followed her steps doggedly, always asking if there was anything that he could do, or if she needed or wanted someone taken away for her. 

During that whole time Tasha'd had no idea whether she was to feel flattered by his affection or smothered by his concerns. No matter what she did, he happened to be there. No matter what she wanted, he would appear and offer to do it for her. Tasha sighed heavily, frustrated and sick of feeling shadowed by the big goon. 

Well, that's not completely fair to Hal, she thought. It's not as if she couldn't ask him to leave her alone, for he would. And never would he complain if she got fed up and snapped at him for no reason. He was very good at dealing with such outbursts, likely from his military training.

But now Hal barely even looks at me. Since he nearly drowned after the adventure on the Dirgin’s Pride it seemed like Hal was trying to draw away. Like he was now nervous to even have a conversation with her. And to Tasha, that didn't make any sense at all. Sure, in the past our conversations had been rather one-sided, but at least we talked. 

But, no. Since the incidents that had happened on the voyage across the Inner Sea, Hal had all practically avoided her. Every time that she started trying to speak with him about, and there were a great many things that Tasha wanted to keep him in the loop about, he would mumble and look away and skirt the issue until she finally got fed up and left him alone.

So what’s the problem?

Isn’t this what I wanted? For months, Tasha had wanted little else than for Hal to get over his fascination with her and just be her friend without being so overbearing.

But now that Hal’s attentions seemed distracted by Renora, Tasha had begun to feel...  lonely. Was that possible? He hadn't gone anywhere but he had. Hal didn't talk to her as much as he used to or anything. He had stopped...  being Hal. 

And she missed him.

Tasha realized how selfish that sounded and then forcibly shoved the thought from her mind. Who was she to be even remotely upset because Hal had found someone who cared about him enough to forget her? What was she, some sort of child who was whining because no one would pay attention to her?

She shook her head firmly once and ran her fingers through her hair. Then she shuddered and fluttered out her hands, trying to rid the dirty feeling from them. It had been so long that she'd had a proper bath that her scalp was actually beginning to itch irritably. Tasha couldn't understand how easily the others were able to deal with it. She felt filthy all over that no amount of scrubbing with snow or swimming in an ice covered river could cure. Her clothes still were stained from the blood of the people she'd killed and even her sword was beginning to rust in places (Sir Terius claimed that to be the result of a lack of proper cleaning, but Tasha been diligently oiling her blade every night.)

So as the party finally came upon the site of her first vision; as Tasha mentally struggled with the obscure feelings that she was having; as everyone looked forward to getting a hot meal and a long week's rest in; all that Tasha could think of was how badly she wanted a bath.

*

Hal found himself smiling softly while walking alongside the wagon, Nichos cradled in one of his massive arms and Renora leaning heavily upon the other. A chill wind rustled his hair and got in beneath his tunic, causing him to shiver slightly. Nichos stirred uncomfortably, complaining in a sleepy voice. Renora chuckled softly and rubbed the arm she was holding. "You're going to make a great father someday, big guy." 

Yeah, how do I answer that?

Well, he thought to himself. She could just be making a polite observation, I suppose. It would be nice if she was. Then he took another look at how Renora was leaning her head peacefully against his biceps with her eyes closed and a blissful smile on her face. But .. I don't think so. 

Not that Hal had any direct objection to her attentions. It might have taken him a while to realize that she seemed to care about him, but after about the fourth or fifth time that she had tentatively kissed him it sort of crept into his thick skull. 

So why does this bother me? 

Hal knew what it was and always would. And she was riding a horse not twenty strides away from. 

Finally Hal was able to admit to himself that his feelings for Tasha had gone beyond mere duty and infatuation. He wasn't willing to say that he was in love with her, but he was sure that he would like to be.

But it wasn't fair. Every time that Hal turned around, there was another, more suitable candidate for Tasha's affections for him to compete with. And in all cases, they had something more to offer than he could ever hope to. Lifelong devotion was one thing but it was nothing compared things like charm, tact or a future. Hal knew that aside from battle skills he had no discernible talent, and had not been blessed with a face or form worth looking at. 

Hal saw himself the same way he knew that everyone else saw him in: as a big, hairy oaf. 

Well, maybe not Renora, Hal amended. Though the Gods Above only know what she sees in me. Someone to look after?

Naah.

Getting back to Tasha, Hal felt that he had stabbed himself in the foot when it came to her. Once they had begun on their journey and had settled into travelling it had appeared that Tasha was beginning to warm to him. Maybe even take a liking to him. 

Then Ceorn came along and consequently relegated him back to the bottom of the heap with his charm. But after Tasha saw beyond his initial stories and witty remarks, there just wasn't to him. Not that it made the kelt a bad person, but he no longer remained as an issue towards Tasha. 

Then the deal with Captain Dirgen and his sea voyage comes along. And what do I do? He marches right up and tries to coax the man into letting them aboard. While it was true that it worked and they managed to get across the Inner Sea, he also managed to be severely beaten and nearly drowned right in front of her. 

From that point forward, Hal had been very uncomfortable even speaking with her. He would still go about all of her duties as they came up and treated her the same way. But he was very wooden about it and for good reason. He was embarrassed to the point of humiliation and there was nothing that he could do to make it better. At least not that he could see. He had, single-handedly, proved to Tasha that he was every inch the oaf that he thought he was and knew of no way to fix it.

So he walled himself off as best he could. Trying to keep a distance.

Then Ambori came along. The ever witty, ever bubbly, ever impressive bard. Basically everything Hal wasn’t. Funny. Agile. Entertaining. Handsome. From the start he and Tasha had hit it off. Becoming close over the first couple of days. Hal had noticed a bit of tension between the two in recent times, but Hal was too skeptical to even think of being hopeful over that. After not taking proper care of himself and nearly getting the party killed with the second wave of Sunraiders, Hal was quite certain that he wasn't high on Tasha's good list at that point.

So after a great deal of deliberation and posturing, Hal had come to a decision that he was going to try to stick with.

If it happens, great. If it doesn't, well...  I’ll live with it. Whatever doesn't kill you and all that, Hal thought.

Looking at Renora as she peacefully rested her head on his arm, trusting him so much that she even had her eyes closed, Hal smiled faintly. Besides, he reminded himself. It's not like you're settling for second place in a tourna .. tourno .. contest or anything. 

Then he thought of how unfair it would be for him to even think of committing himself in any way to Renora when his feelings were still mixed and up in the air. Hal knew that Renora cared about him, knew it very well at that point. And while he wasn’t exactly an expert when it came to women – Don’t lie, this is the first woman you’ve ever been even kinda comfortable around! – Hal knew it would hurt her deeply if he seemed to be going over to her affections and then, at the drop of a hat he turned right around and ran to Tasha's side. 

And I would. 

Hal knew that if Tasha ever said it out loud – even a hint - that he would drop everything else as he ran directly to her side.
	
So Hal tried to remain distant and aloof from Renora. But he was failing and he knew it. Hal just couldn't think of a polite way to stop her from kissing him. Or a nice way of asking her to walk without using his arm for support. 

Of course the fact that he was enjoying the attention that she lavished on him had nothing to do with the issue at all.

Hal raised his eyes to the slowly darkening sky and wished that he could talk to Aeros right then. He think that he knew what his mentor would have said though. That's a pretty sticky situation there Hal. I guess you'll just have to play it by ear.

Hal just wished that he'd been taught that game as a child.

*

The city of Southmoor was a very busy place. 

As the party rode along the main throughway to the castle people bustled and tumbled all over the place. Many of them were offering to trade or sell their wares while others were describing tales and stories of magnificence. Off to one side of the road, a group of minstrels were singing a harmonized version of The Ballade of the Knights of Southmoor. Sir Terius and Raviron smiled broadly as they rode past, both tossing a gold crown into the proffered hat.

Hal was rubbernecking fiercely, trying to see every way at once and was failing miserably. Nichos was up on his shoulders once again and babbling incessantly. Renora hung onto his arm and gaped about in wonder. 

Garn was mellow about the whole experience, merely peering about the city and nodding with approval, as if the whole system would have stopped if he'd frowned. Knowing the mage's opinion of himself, Tasha had no doubt that he believed that they truly would have.

Ceorn was very blissful about the whole deal. He'd been to Southmoor on several occasions in the past and had spoken highly of the experiences. With his home in the Clanlands, he'd had the opportunity to head to the city on what he called, 'business trips'. He was to admit however that this was his first trip to the castle proper.

After mentally checking on the bard Tasha was relieved to note that the drunkard had passed out blissfully in the wagon and that Shiann was going to great pains to make him comfortable. 

Of course there was no change with Lanarra.

Absently Tasha noticed that the roads were remarkably clean and well kept, all of the snow and slush had been pushed to the sides of the street so as to cause fewer difficulties for travelers. That's not to say that the cobblestones were risk free, there were still patches of ice spaced out periodically but at least they were easier to see.

Patrolling their respective beats were members of the city watch. They were easy to distinguish from the rest of the crowd by their black and white tunics. Also the breastplates and truncheons that they sported were good clues as well.

Ahead loomed the imposing castle. As they neared ever closer Tasha felt increasingly uneasy. It was a difficult sensation to explain. There were no outward, visible signs that there was anything for them to be wary of, just the contrary in fact. The gates were wide open with messengers and a complete greeting crew waiting on hand to process their entrance into the castle with greater ease.

So what’s wrong? 

Tasha couldn't explain it any better than as a feeling. 

It didn't seem to be an attachment to her mental abilities, mainly because she wasn't even using them at the moment. And even if it were, Tasha wasn't able to determine any sort of tangible threat from the feeling at all.

Tasha tried to shove the sensation to the back of her mind, something to be worried about later. Doing so however gave her stomach a queasy feeling. She ignored that as well.

The last couple of minutes until they reached the castle were almost magical in a way. The slowly setting sun gleamed off the alabaster walls and spires of the fortress but seemed not to hurt their eyes in anyway. All that it did was make the castle appear to be some sort of ethereal, mythical palace where anything was possible and whatever was capable of happening could and would at one point or another.

The drawbridge across the moat was built out of the richest highoak wood that Tasha had ever seen. It had been stained to a dark brown and was as sturdy as stone. The sound of the horses hooves clomping across it were thick and stable, giving lie to the fact that there was a twenty foot drop to the moat below.

Past the main gates and directly inside the battlements of the castle were three figures. Two knights garbed in their full ceremonial armor (at least Tasha hoped that it was ceremonial, there were pieces of armor in places where the human body needed to bend!) sat atop their immense horses with lances pointing directly into the air. A third man stood directly in front of the knights. He seemed to be in his middle fifties or so, with a slate grey beard and a weathered wrinkling face. He was dressed in silvery robes that flowed about his slender frame and settled at his feet. In his arms he carried a voluminous book and a quill. Lastly he wore a fluffy cap that rested on the top of his head like a pillow.

Sir Terius broke from the rest of the party and rode his steed ahead until he was within fifteen feet of the silvery robed man. Sir Raviron halted the caravan and waited patiently. Nicalla started to ask the head knight a question but he soothed her to silence with a gentle motion.

The mounted knight on the right spoke up through his visor. "State your name and reason for entering!" he challenged.

Terius straightened up in his saddle. "I am Sir Terius, Knight of the Power and First Knight of Southmoor. I and the party that I lead are entering the illustrious Castle to seek respite and relaxation after our harrowing journey."

The knight on the left spoke up. "I greet you Sir Terius and remind you that your guests are your responsibility during their stay here in the castle."

Terius nodded. "Of course. I accept the responsibility knowingly and with pleasure."

Then the small robed man walked forward and smiled. "Welcome home Terius. How was your trip?"

"Excellent Havar," Terius smiled back. "Have things been all right back here on the homestead?"

Havar shrugged. "Same as always." He looked at the rest of the caravan and smiled. "Welcome to Southmoor Castle. Come inside and allow us to get you settled in."

As they steered the wagon in through the gates a literal flood of servants came to take their steeds to the stables to get them tended to while others still took their belongings, promising not to lose them and insisting that they would be in their rooms waiting for them when they got there. 

Garn saw to the needs of Lanarra as two white robed men came bearing a stretcher for her. He quickly explained her condition and the reason for the situation. The eldest man in white nodded and asked for Garn to follow them as they took the comatose woman away. Shiann followed along at the mage's request. 

Tasha was surprised at the sight of Sir Krehgal as he strode over to where Terius and Havar were having a conversation. She had almost forgotten that he was still around. The pain etched across the arrogant knight's face intense and his forearm piece was still lodged against his flesh.

Without a thought, the man interrupted Terius' conversation. "My liege," he began through gritted teeth. "May I now head over to the Clerical temple to have my...  injury taken care of?"

Sir Terius leveled him with a dangerously blank stare. When he spoke, his voice was like a cold blade. "You may, Krehgal. But once you have been taken care of, you will head directly to my office. At that time we will discuss an appropriate punishment for your behavior. Is that understood?"

Krehgal appeared about to say something but seemed to think better of it. With a tight-lipped expression he spun on his heel and marched away. Hal caught the knight's gaze as he departed. Needless to say, the look that Krehgal shot him was less than friendly. 

Ambori, apparently a bit more sober than he had been a little while ago, hopped out of the wagon before it was taken away and didn't sway too obviously as he did so.

Sir Raviron joined Terius' conversation at the lead knight's request and took Nicalla from his arms. The little girl seemed about to object but Terius smiled down at her. "It's all right little one. I have to speak with Havar right now. But I'll come back and talk with you later. All right?" Nicalla nodded slowly but didn't say anything. Sir Terius smiled and walked away with Havar, talking quietly.

Raviron, obviously uncomfortable with the child in his arms, quickly walked over to where Tasha was standing. "Uhm .. here," he said, holding Nicalla out to Tasha.

Then Hal stepped forward and took the girl. "Don't worry Nicalla," he said soothingly as he shifted Nichos over so that he could make room for the both of them in his arms. "You aren’t all that heavy to me." Then Nicalla smiled up at the big man and leaned against his chest. Nichos giggled softly and did the exact same thing.

Renora smiled at Hal and the two blonde-haired children in his arms. "That is just about the most adorable thing that I've ever seen." she gushed.

Hal blushed slightly and looked at Raviron. "Is there any place that I can put these two? They've had a rough couple of weeks."

Raviron smiled and clapped a hand on one of Hal's broad shoulders. "You all have, friend." He motioned for the one of the still mounted knights. "You there. Take Hal and Lady Renora to their rooms. And try to find one for the children as well, could you?"

The knight nodded his helmeted head. "At once, my Lord." Then the knight dismounted and led Hal, Renora and the kids off into the living quarters, leaving his steed for one of the stable boys to tend to.

Tasha watched them leave with a small smile on her face. Despite herself found herself agreeing with Renora. He does look cute with the children in his arms.

Then Raviron was speaking to her. "Milady. I know that you and the rest of your party are very tired. However, I have been instructed to invite you and the rest to tonight's gala event. It appears that it is the birthing day of Lord Timoth's youngest son today. So there will be a full ball tonight in celebration."

Ceorn smiled broadly. "Ah," he began. "Excellent. I haven't been to a proper ball in many a year. I'll be there an' don't you forget it."

Ambori grinned at Raviron as well, his eyes bloodshot in spots and breath smelling of wine. "Great to hear. This'll be a wonderful chance for me to learn from the greatest bards and minstrels in all the Lands."

Tasha glanced sidelong at the bard, a look of disgust on her face. "Not to mention an excuse for you to get drunk again, hmm?"

Ambori had the grace to look embarrassed.

Raviron smiled at them all. "Am I to assume that all of this means that you will all be present this evening?"

Tasha was reluctant. "I would love to attend, but I need to clean up first and...  Dear Gods, I don't have a proper thing to wear to a ball of this magnitude!"

"It figures," spoke a voice from behind her. "She arrives after weeks of travelling and the first thing that she can think of is not how tired she is but how she forgot her favorite dress."

Ceorn choked back a laugh while Ambori felt no such restrictions. Sir Raviron's face became stony. "Sir Knight, I hope that we all heard incorrectly and that you had meant to say something else instead?"

Tasha turned around, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment as she regarded the other knight that had been waiting at the front gate. "I assure you," the knight went on. "I mean no offense but if some was taken then Lady Tasha has gotten soft in my absence."

Stepping toe to toe with the knight Tasha looked up into the steel visor with confusion. "I hope, for your sake, Sir Knight, that I do indeed know you. For if not I will be seeking retribution."

"Oh ho!" the knight crowed, raising his hands to his helm. "Perhaps you haven't completely lost your edge after all." He removed the helm then with a creak of metal and shook out his curly blond hair. He gazed down at Tasha then with a liquid amber gaze. "How have you and Dad been?"

Tasha was thunderstruck. "Nico?" she asked, not wanting to believe what she seeing.

Her brother Nicodemus laughed and held both of his arms out to his sides. "Who else?"

Tasha laughed with joy and threw herself into her brother's arms.

Chapter 15 - The Ball

"Which gown do you think will suit you this evening, milady?" Lisped the dressmaker through his gleaming white teeth. He gestured rather effetely towards a pink item with lots of lace, frills and other things that Tasha couldn't put a name to. A silent assistant held the dress up for her to see while seemingly ignoring the presence of everyone else in the room. "This lovely rose colored gown, or the plum hued velvet?" Then man turned in a half pirouette and indicated a much more sophisticated dress, a rich purple in color and fashioned out of a thicker, more sturdy material being held by a second assistant.

Tasha sat primly on a stool, wrapped in a voluminous bathrobe that sufficiently kept in the warm and clean feeling that she'd been aching for. Running her fingers through her still slightly damp hair, Tasha tried not to chuckle at the dressmakers’ appearance. He's wearing more makeup than I own! she thought to herself. Big city people are strange.

Realizing that she'd yet to reply to the man's question and that he'd been waiting impatiently for a response, Tasha quickly spoke. "Oh! Uh...  The purple one, I guess. As long as you're sure it'll fit."

The professional dressmaker got all huffy and righteous. "Well!" he sputtered. "Of course it'll fit. I did take your measurements before you bathed and these two gowns do fit those same measurements." He sniffed imperiously. "If there is a problem with them, it will hardly be my fault!"

Tasha found the novelty of the man’s attitude wearing off. If I wanted to be berated by a man with no fashion sense and a flair for the dramatic, I’d invited Ambori into the room. "I'm certain that it'll be fine. Thank you so much for all of your help. I don't know what I would have done without you." A little sugar can do wonders when it's sprinkled over a wounded pride.

The man appeared to be at least partially mollified. "I should say so," he said, smiling liquidly. Without another word he spun on his heel and exited the room, the man carrying the pink dress following after him. The one holding Tasha's new gown remained motionless.

Tasha regarded him curiously. "Just set it down on the dresser please." The man nodded and did as she asked. Then he stood there motionless once again. Confused, Tasha stepped away from him a stride or two. Better safe than dead, she thought, recalling one of Hal's misquoted sayings. "Is there something else?"

The man nodded. "I am here to assist you, milady.”

“Assist me?”

“Indeed, milady.”

“Assist me how?”

“With dressing for this ball, milady."

Tasha felt color rising to her face. "I see," she muttered, feeling suddenly foolish. "Well thank you, but that won't be necessary. I've been dressing myself for a long time now and can handle the challenge without any help. But thank you again."

"But, milady," the man sputtered as Tasha made shooing motions for him to head towards the door. 

"Thank you," she interjected as she closed the door on him. "But go away." Finally getting the door closed and leaving herself alone in the room, Tasha breathed a sigh of relief and laughed to herself. These people are strange, she thought. 

Tasha walked over to the dresser and picked up the gown to get a closer look at it. As the man said, it was made primarily out of velvet but it was lined on the inside with satin and there were enough slits in the garment to keep her from overheating. She also noticed quite a few sequins had been sewn into the fabric. In all, it was a remarkable item of clothing. Something that Tasha was very unused to, but nice all the same. Even at the Vineyard Grove, whenever they had an event or something important there, she hadn't needed to wear anything even half this extravagant. 

Maybe I should have tried being a Lady in Waiting for a little while. It might’ve helped me feel less uncomfortable now. 

Tossing a regretful look over her shoulder towards her cleaned and pressed trousers, tunic and jacket, Tasha sighed and set the gown down atop the four poster bed and set about getting sorted. 

Half an hour later Tasha was fully dressed in the gown, though she was surprised to note that there was no left arm sleeve, just a filmy piece of cloth that attached to the wrist and the shoulder. Fifteen minutes after that saw Tasha completing the fourth attempt at applying makeup to her satisfaction Except for that little bit over my left eye that I just can’t seem to...  oh, forget it! Ten minutes after that found her running out of curses to utter towards her elegant purple shoes with the two and a half inch heels that caused her no small amount of problems.

Finally, a complete hour after beginning the whole process, Tasha found herself being led down a wide, thickly carpeted hallway with a matching cape flowing down from her shoulders. The impeccably dressed standard bearers that led her way to the Great Hall bounced along in their red tunics and black hose.

Tasha just hoped that the ball would be worth all of the effort that she'd put into it.

And that I don’t come across like a dull-witted country bumpkin.

The standard bearers stopped before a huge set of double doors and bowed out of sight. At the doors was a young man of average height garbed in the raiment of the House of Southmoor. He bowed deeply, his beautiful wooden staff flourished in the same respects. "Greetings and good evening, milady," he said with perfect pronunciation and clarity. "How are you after your extensive journey?"

Tasha smiled slightly as she inclined her head politely. "Much better than I was a few hours ago."

The young man smiled. "Wonderful to hear, milady." He slid open a small peephole in the door and gazed through it. Nodding to himself he turned back to Tasha and smiled again, showing a perfect set of teeth. "The way is clear for your entrance now, milady. Are you ready to proceed?"

A sudden flurry of butterflies begin to scuffle around in her stomach. "I suppose so. Is there anything I have to do?"

"Not at all," the Announcer smiled. "All that you need do is stand at the top of the stairs until I have finished your introduction, and then descend. Now I ask you again, milady. Are you ready?"

Pressing both hands to her stomach for a moment to send the pesky fluttering back to where it had come from, Tasha nodded. "Proceed."

The Announcer smiled again and opened the grand double doors with a flourish.

Tasha managed to keep her jaw from dropping, but it was near thing. 

All that she could see were colors. Bright colors, dark colors. But Colors! All over the place. People dancing in swirling patterns wearing bright colored garb. Multicolored tapestries and streamers hanging from every wall. A whole section dedicated to the garishly clothed but musically inclined bards and minstrels that provided the evenings’ entertainment. 

Numbly Tasha strode forward and stood at the top of the staircase. Gods! she thought. I've never seen this many people before in one place in all my life! She couldn't keep herself from staring. Just the same as how she couldn't keep herself from comparing how drably she appeared to the other ladies present. Maybe I should have spent more time getting ready. Then she amended herself. Maybe I shouldn't have come at al!.

The Announcer rapped his staff against the floor three times. The music dulled to a low roar and all conversation seemed to cease. Heads turned to where Tasha stood, quivering with nervousness. Their eyes judging. Weighing. Measuring.

What in the world are you waiting for? she thought tensely. Announce me and get it over with!

As if he'd heard her thoughts (and he might have, Tasha wasn't certain if she'd used her abilities there or not) the Announcer began.

"Ladies and Gentlemen!" His precise and clear voice rose in volume considerably, easily filling the whole room. Tasha wasn't altogether certain that was a good thing at the moment. "I have the honor and the privilege at this time to introduce to you all a guest to fair Southmoor!" Tasha's eyes flicked to the young man nervously, afraid that he was just getting warmed up. "She has travelled from across the Inner Sea with a group of stalwart companions, two of whom have already arrived here this evening, as you well know." Tasha could have died from the tension. He is just getting warmed up! "And so, without any further ado," Yeah, right. "Allow me to introduce to you, the most prized vine in the whole of the Vineyard Grove, the daughter of Lord Tyren, Baron of the same Vineyard Grove and leader of the group of adventurers; the Lady Tasha Pellaren!" The young man took a deep breath and bowed extravagantly.

There was a smattering of half-hearted applause that Tasha assumed was as much for the Announcer having finished his oration as much as it was for her presence. The music swiftly returned to its previous volume as did the chatter and the dancing. Off in the back, Tasha noted the banquet that was being prepared for the guests.

Before descending the staircase, Tasha turned back to the young man one last time. "Do you give everyone such a windy introduction, or am I just special?"

The Announcer quirked an eyebrow at her questioningly. "I beg your pardon, milady? Windy?"

Tasha dismissed the question with a wave of her hand. "Never mind.” she said while beginning to descend to the Great Hall.
	
At the bottom of the staircase were two gentlemen dressed in the red and black military dress uniforms of Southmoor. Both bowed at her presence, the one on the left offering to take her cape while the other offered to escort her to the seat that had been designated for her. Tasha politely declined to part company with her cape but accepted the proffered arm of the soldier at arms and allowed him to escort her across the Hall.

As she was led across the expansive room, effectively skirting the wide and bustling dance floor, Tasha found a great many people staring at her. Now that's odd, she thought. What's so special about me? As they neared the area allocated for the dining tables, she saw, one after another, men of all sorts and ages start to approach her but pull back with a smile once they made eye contact with her. On more than one occasion she caught a gentleman or two actually leering at her. 

Needless to say, Tasha was uncertain how to deal with such a reaction. She'd seen it happen in the past of course, but never to such a degree or with such a collection of nobility.

Finally the soldier at arms led her up on a dais where the head table was placed. There were quite a few elder members of the Southmoor nobility already seated there and resting, watching the younger men and women enjoy themselves before the banquet. Tasha was confused by the direction she was being led in. "Excuse me," she asked of her escort. "But are you sure this is where I'm sitting? I was under the impression that only the King, Queen, their immediate family and retainers were allowed at the head table."

Her escort grinned tightly at her. "That is all true, but you forgot one simple category, milady. And that is of course, the distinguished guests."

Tasha blushed. "Distinguished. That's a new one for me."

The soldier shrugged. "That's hardly my place to say one way or the other, milady. However, going by what Nicodemus has said about you in the past, I hardly think it to be inaccurate."

"You know my brother?" Tasha asked in surprise.

The soldier smiled congenially. "Of a certainty. Many a time have I been felled by your brother's lance. The best horseman I've seen in many a year." He took a casual look up and down Tasha's frame. "And hardly a liar when it comes to the descriptions of his sister."

Now that was a good line! Tasha thought to herself. Where's Ceorn? He should take lessons from this guy.

Blushing a red deeper than any cape or gown in the Great Hall, Tasha tried to meet the man's gaze. "Why Sir Knight, you flatter me! And I don't even know your name."

The man laughed. "No, milady. You flatter me in your assumption that I am a knight. In truth I am but a squire. The squire of your brother, Sir Nicodemus. But a squire all the same."

Tasha nodded. "I see. But you still haven't told me your name."

"Of course. I am Petran. At your service." With a flourish, he raised Tasha's hand to his lips and brushed her knuckles softly with them. 

"You're good," Tasha complimented the squire.

Petran laughed again. "I was taught by the best."

Casting a glance back at the staircase Tasha made a motion with her free hand. "While I am properly charmed by your company, I do think that you are neglecting your duties."

The squire stepped back with a bow. "Alas but I am milady. However, it has been a pleasure to make your acquaintance. Perhaps...  " He left it hanging, waiting for Tasha to pick it up.

She didn't. 

"Perhaps." She concluded, sitting down in her respective seat with a distant smile on her lips. Then seeing the surprised expression on Petran's face she relented and elaborated. "You're very smooth, I'll give you that. But if you're trying to insinuate something, don't. Just come out and ask me without beating around the bush first."

Petran's grin returned. "I see. Milady Tasha, when I am relieved of my post later in the evening will you honor me by taking my arm in a dance?"

Tasha pretended to think about it for a moment or two. "Perhaps," she said after some deliberation. Then she shrugged. "It'll depend on how nicely you ask me."

The squire's face registered his confusion. As he turned away to return to his post Tasha heard him mutter some choice words about women in general and herself in specific. Tasha chuckled to herself. That had been the most fun she'd had in weeks.

Reading the seating cards on the table before her, Tasha noted that she would be sitting next to Sir Terius and his wife for duration of the evening. Across from her was to be Ceorn and Garnthalisbain. At the head of the table of course would be the King and his Queen. Tasha failed to see Hal's name on any of the seating cards.

Tasha frowned at that. I wonder if he decided not to come tonight? It would make sense, this isn't really Hal's sort of thing.

The butterflies in her stomach were quickly replaced an empty gurgle as the banquets’ aroma hit her nose. Heedless of decorum, Tasha reaching over the table and snagged one of the dinner rolls from a cloth covered basket. The still warm piece of bread was soft to the touch and exquisite to taste. As the first bit of fresh food that she'd had in weeks it filled a huge void that she hadn't realize had been there. Suddenly, Tasha was ravenous. It was as if the weeks of poor eating had made her capable of going without food when she needed to. But when she didn't...  It was all Tasha could do to keep herself from wolfing down the dinner roll and every other one in the basket. With great restraint and sense of will, Tasha took graceful, little bites.

To her further embarrassment, Tasha noted that there were still a great many individuals, mostly men, staring at her with more than a little idle curiosity. While flattered to some degree, Tasha found herself mostly feeling uncomfortable by all the attention.

When Ceorn came striding over to her Tasha nearly flew to his side, anything to keep everyone from staring. With restraint, Tasha gracefully stood up from her seat smiled at the kelt and walked towards him.

Ceorn had taken a great deal of time to get himself cleaned up as well. His hair was freshly cropped and limed back to his scalp giving it a perpetual wet look. His face was clean shaven and gleaming with a brief layer of perspiration after his initial stint on the dance floor. He'd found a replacement for his ragged old kilt, but it was in the same color and pattern of his pervious one. This one however extended until it folded over his right shoulder. Also he wore a brilliantly white silk chemise with a short, black coat over top. 

The kelt strode powerfully up to Tasha looked her up and down, softly whistling his approval. "You’ll have to be careful, lass. If'n you don't keep yourself under control, you might have a hard time keepin' the gents off you."

Tasha found herself blushing again. "I know, it's awful!" she whispered to Ceorn. "Everyone won't stop staring at me."

Ceorn had yet to remove his gaze from Tasha's form the whole time. "I can see why not too, lass."

Snapping her fingers right in front of his face Tasha forced him to look her in the face. Her expression was short of amused but not entirely upset either. "Ceorn. I have eyes, remember?"

The kelt nodded. "I realize that, lass. I was just, er .. admirin' yer assets."

Tasha wasn't certain how to respond to that.

Fortunately for his health and well-being, Ceorn successfully managed to change the subject. "Ambori's as happy as a hog in slop right now." He over towards the minstrels with his thumb. "He's over with the royal minstrels. They've allowed him to sit in with them for tonight."

Tasha craned her neck. "I don't see him."

Ceorn smiled. "He blends in real well with that crowd."

Tasha laughed. "What about Garn?"

The kelt laughed. "He's out there, somewhere. He's been chasin' after the' Court Wizard all evenin' long. Seems ole' Garn wants t' trade recipes or something."

"Great," Tasha muttered under her breath. "We've been here for four hours, and already we're annoying the locals."

"Now don't you get upset, Tasha," Ceorn said slipping an arm over her shoulders comradely and smiling down at her. "Garn's not annoyin' anyone. And neither's anyone else. So just let it go. We've worked long and hard to get here. So why don't you just sit back and enjoy it for a while?"

Tasha tried to smile. "I know. And you're right. I just wish that all these people would stop staring at me."

A mischievous smile slipped across the wiry kelt's features. Too subtly he began to speak. "Well," he started with a significant twinkle in his eyes. "I think I might have a way to fix that."

"Oh really," Tasha said, the expression on her face clearly doubting the kelt. "And what, pray tell, might that be?"

Ceorn leaned conspiratorially closer to Tasha. Securing his arm across her shoulders. "Do ye' trust me?" he asked.

Tasha shook her head. "No."

The kelt's face fell. "Oh. Well in that case... " Ceorn pulled away, the epitome of the hurt expression. "If that's the way you want it... "

Tasha punched him playfully in the ribs. "Come on, dummy. Give it up. You're not my type."

Ceorn, grinning once again, looked back at Tasha. "Oh really? Then what would be yer’ type then, m'lady?"

Good question.

Tasha reached up and pet Ceorn on the cheek. "I'm not certain. Though I do know that you're not it."

The kelt laughed uproariously at that. After a few moments Tasha joined in.

"Something funny?" spoke a calm voice. "I wonder if they'll let us in on the joke dear?"

Turning around, Tasha noted that Sir Terius had arrived with a beautiful woman resting on his arm. He was dressed magnificently in a brocade of the deepest red. Around his neck upon a golden chain was his symbol of office, which neatly matched the medals of honor sewn into his lapels. The cape that he wore drifted all the way down to the floor and was pitch black. His hair had been trimmed down to a comfortable length after all of his travelling and he had shaved all but his trademark mustache. And of course, there was no mistaking his hawk-like, blue eyed gaze.

And as Tasha quickly found, there was also no escaping it.

"You can blink any time now, darling. Try not to forget that you're married this evening, hmm?" spoke the woman on his arm with a playful twinkle in her eyes. She extended her hand to Tasha gracefully. "While my husband is at a loss for words, I'll introduce myself. Seranna of Eastwall."

"Tasha Pellaren," said taking her hand. Then she gestured to her friend. "This is Ceorn Lochlaven, my friend and companion."

The kelt took the petite hand in one of his scarred palms and kissed the back of it gracefully. He sniffed audibly. "Ah, there m'lady. That 'tis one enchantin' perfume That you’re wearin'." Tasha noticed to her amusement that Ceorn had crossed his fingers for luck behind his back.

Lady Seranna beamed at the kilted man. "Why thank you! My youngest son gave that to me just last week and I was wondering how it was."

Terius looked down at his wife amusedly. "I already told you that it smelled wonderful."

Seranna pet his arm congenially. "Yes, dear. I know. But you'd have said the exact same thing if I'd used swamp water."

The knight shrugged with a smile. "As you say, my lady."

"And don't you ever forget it."

Terius smiled happily and kissed his wife. "I've missed you too darling."

Tasha nudged an elbow in Ceorn's side. "Lucky guess?" she whispered.

The kelt nodded imperceptibly. "Aye," he whispered back. 

"So where is the rest of your party, Lady Tasha?" Sir Terius asked. "I was hoping that I might be able to speak with Hal this evening."

Tasha shrugged slightly. "I'm not certain, milord... "

"Please, just Terius."

"As you wish, Terius. I'm not certain that Hal will be attending this evening. He's never had much experience with social events and gatherings. I also get the impression that he's not terribly comfortable around people he doesn't know."

The knight appeared disappointed at the news. "A pity. I do hope he shows, though. There were several things that I'd hope to speak with him about."

"Business, Terius? Didn't someone inform you that this evening was being set aside for some rest and relaxation?"

Terius smiled. "Of course they did, my love. I just find Hal to be … intriguing."

That caught Tasha's attention. "Really?”

"Has anybody seen Braxin Balinvain in the last five minutes?" Garnthalisbain interrupted, his voice filled with frustration.

Tasha looked at her friend, about to remand him for being so rude when her jaw dropped. Garn wore a new robe, still black but with silver embroidered trimming. It was open in the front, displaying the form fitting black denim trousers that he wore. They were tucked into a highly polished pair of leather riding boots and belt. There was a silver crescent on his belt for a buckle and his shirt was a billowy charcoal grey in color. With the cowl thrown back his surprisingly long dark hair fell down over his shoulders and part way down his back. He had even trimmed his scraggly beard down so that it was just a simple line of hair along his jawline, over his lip and around his chin. 

"Garn?" Gods, he even smells nice! 
	
"I haven't seen the Court Wizard all evening, friend Garn. Terribly sorry." Terius smiled at the mage reassuringly.

Garn flopped down in his assigned seat and rested his head in one hand. "Thanks," he said. "I'm just stressed out. I've been trying to track that guy down all evening. Every time I think I'm right on top of him and he can't get away...  he does. And everyone that I ask says exactly the same thing. That I just missed him. That he was here five minutes ago. That he should be right back. Arrgh! This is driving me insane."

Seranna extended her hand towards the mage. "Seranna of Eastwall. A pleasure to make your acquaintance young mage. And a handsome one at that."

Tasha was surprised to see her friend actually blush. He rose gracefully to his feet and took her hand though he did not kiss it. "Sorry about that .. Seranna was it?" She nodded. "Of course. Garnthalisbain. But that's kind of a mouthful. Just call me Garn, if you please?"

Seranna smiled again even more warmly. "Of course not. Garn it is."

Terius leaned over and whispered not-so-quietly into her ear. "Now who needs to reminded of their significant other?" Seranna blushed slightly with a smile while Garn surprised Tasha by giggling.

Ceorn finished his survey of the name cards on the table and spoke up. "Don't you worry about the wizard Garn. It appears that you'll be sittin' next to each other all durin' the meal."

Garn's expression grew comical. "What?" he exclaimed snatching the name card away from the kelt. Then after reviewing it at least a dozen times, he replaced the card to the table. Then he placed his face in his hands and shook visibly, muttering loudly into his palms. When he finally looked up and regarded the people around him his expression was resigned. "It figures," was all that he said.

The music dimmed as did the general roar of the crowd as the sound of wood striking stone reverberated throughout the Great Hall. Seranna gasped involuntarily as Tasha turned to see what was going on as the Announcer began to speak.

"Ladies and gentlemen!" Reverberated the young man's voice. "It is my distinct pleasure to announce at this time several more members of the party of adventurers from across the Inner Sea."

"Does this guy ever get to the point?" Garn asked disgustedly.

Terius shook his head bemusedly. "Not that I've noticed."

Tasha shushed them both to silence as she strained to see who was entering the ball at this time.

At the top of the stairs stood Renora. She was dressed elegantly in a long and flowing opulent green gown. Her blue black hair done in curls on the top of her head and smiling beatifically, if a trifle nervously. She wore white satin gloves and was leaning on the arm of some sort of nobleman.

He stuck out in Tasha's mind immediately because he was with Renora. He was very tall, towering over the petite Renora's frame easily. He was dressed impeccably in a blue and grey brocade with a long half cape draped over one shoulder. His long hair was groomed and tied back with a pony tail. His face was clean shaven and very boyish looking. Something about his face caught her eyes though. As Seranna cooed behind her about how marvelous the man looked, Tasha strained to make out the exact features of the man's face. Then she noticed the nervousness about his eyes and recognized the nervous way he held his hands. 

Tasha clapped a hand over her mouth and gasped in surprise.

Oh, damn.

"First I have the honor of introducing Mistress Renora, a veritable jewel hailing originally from Portrian, here in the province of Southmoor." The Announcer then turned to the large man at her arm. "And her escort this evening hails from the ever popular Vineyard Grove where he is the ward of the Captain of the Guard. Ladies and Gentlemen, at this time it is my honor to introduce to you... " Adam stumbled at this one point and lamely finished with, "Hal, the Warrior!"

Seranna glanced at her husband in surprise. "That's Hal? The one you wanted to speak with?"

Sir Terius nodded, looking more than a bit surprised himself. "Indeed. However he didn't look quite so...  sophisticated the last time that I saw him."

His wife looked back and smiled. "Then I like the change."

Ceorn grinned and nodded like a proud parent. "That's more like it, lad," was all that he said.

Garn's jaw was dangling somewhere near or around his knees. His lips moved but no sound came out from them. At least no intelligent sound.

Tasha was simply thunderstruck. "Hal?" she asked incredulously as the big man tried to gracefully lead Renora down the stairs. And in all honesty, he wasn't doing that bad a job of it.

Chapter 16 – Dinner and Dance 

Hal was confused. The guy at the top of the stairs had spent a great deal of time introducing some really important person that must have decided to come in later because then he'd mentioned Hal's name instead. 

Weird.

The high collar on his coat was chafing at his neck. But Renora told him not to fuss with it. 

So he didn't.

Still itches though.

People were looking at him funny. A lot of the younger men stared at him in either fear or awe, and sometimes a combination of the two. The ladies just stared. Some of them were smiling as they stared, others had a sort of calculating look on their faces. But the majority of them just stared. 

Again. 

Weird.

Off next to the wall where the tables were, he thought he saw Ceorn waving at him. Once they reached the bottom of the stairs he led Renora over in that general direction until she pulled back slightly, looking up at him with her eyes wide open. 

She’s beautiful, Hal decided as he gazed down into her hazel green eyes. Once again he wondered what it was that she saw in him, but pushed it aside because the fact of the matter was that she saw something.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

Hal motioned over to where the others were. " Aren’t we going to join them?"

Renora's gaze grew distant. "Well, of course we are." She said. Hal nodded and started to go in that direction again. "Eventually," Renora added on.

Hal turned back, a confused expression on his face. "Huh?" he asked.

"Wouldn't you like to dance first?" Renora asked quietly, her voice hopeful.

Hal shook his head, the pony tail flopping over one shoulder. "I don't think so."

"Why not?"

Hal shrugged, straining the stitching on his coat while his face heated up. "I can't dance."

Renora smiled. "Have you ever tried?"

"No.”

“Then how do you know you can’t dance?”

“That's how I know I can't dance."

"Hal," Renora admonished softly, rubbing at his arm encouragingly. "That's just silly. You can't know if you know how to do anything if you've never tried."

Hal looked from side to side, confused. "Yes, you can."

"Honest. Come on, I'll teach you how. It isn't hard. All you have to do is move with the music and watch your feet."

Realizing the futility of the situation, Hal tried to ignore the flush he felt creeping up his face as he looked down at Renora's petite frame. "You're gonna make me go out there and make a fool of myself for you, aren't you?"

Renora smiled broadly, a laugh bubbling on her lips. "Yeah," she chuckled. 

Hal sighed deeply and hung his head. Then he motioned with his free hand for Renora to lead the way. "After you, Lady Renora." 

After the first few initial minutes where Hal felt as if the whole dance floor was watching him and his partner try to fit in with the motions of the general group, the big man came to a startling discovery. Not only did he find dancing to be surprisingly fun, he was also quite good at it! He swung Renora around in the air at random moments when the music called for it. He jostled good naturedly with other people on the ballroom floor when their shoulders and elbows collided accidentally. His shoulders rolled and his hands waved until Renora finally claimed that she “needed a break.” Hal felt a startling disappointment. He also noticed that a path seemed to form as he exited the dance floor, making it surprisingly easy for him to lead Renora out of the throng of people.

These people have excellent manners.

Ceorn had a broad smile on his lean face as Hal and Renora approached. " ‘Eh there lad. You' were lookin' good out there," he said, the grin quivering just a bit as he did so. "Did you have fun?"

Hal cocked his head to the side for a second, thinking about it. "Yes. I suppose I did."

Renora looked up at the big man with a glowing smile. "I certainly hope so, Hal. Do you think that you'll be up for a second round after dinner?"

He shrugged. "Sure. We’ll see."

The kelt looked the big man up and down with another smile. "I do like what you’ve done with yourself this evenin' Hal. I don’t think I’ve seen your hair in anything other than its usual haystack position."

Hal's face flushed again, trying to keep his hand from removing his hair from the too tight band holding it in place. While he was able to admit that he looked a bit cleaner with his hair pulled back, it was so uncomfortable! He didn't think that he'd ever get used to it. 

Sir Terius came forward and introduced his wife...  Seranna? Hal hoped he didn't manage to forget her name before the evening was over, especially seeing as how she smiled as if he were her best friend.

Garn stepped right in front of Hal and just stared at him. He didn't speak or utter a sound, he just stared. After a few seconds Hal became uncomfortable. "Is something wrong, Garn?"

The mage stood there for a couple seconds more and shook his head, his dark hair swaying as he did so. "Nope," he said. "I was just making sure that you were who I thought you were."

Hal frowned at that comment but shrugged it off, figuring it to be a concept that was way over his head. He did become very envious of the way his friend was dressed. "How come you were allowed to keep your hair loose?"

Garn smirked. "Because your hair looks like a haystack."

"Oh, I see." Just once Hal wished he could have a conversation with the mage that made him feel like less of an idiot.

As Hal looked for a place for himself and Renora at the head table he learned that one hadn't yet been set out for them. Much relieved, Hal began to look around for a less obvious place for the two of them to dine. But with a snap of his fingers and a barked command, Terius set the servants to work at dragging out an extra pair of chairs and a wing for the table. Within minutes, two extra places were set. Renora took one seat and Seranna sat next to her. Within moments they were chatting away like old friends.

Hal joined Terius and Garn in their conversation, Ceorn had gone back onto the dance floor to woo more of the ladies with his charm. 

"So Hal," Sir Terius asked. "What do you think of Southmoor Castle so far?"

Garn peered at his friend from the corner of his eye. "This should be good," he muttered with a grin.

Hal thought about it for a second. "Well," he began. "It's big."

The mage covered his derisive chuckle with a sudden bout of coughing. Terius pat him on the back and offered him a glass of wine from a passing waiter. Garn smiled and accepted the glass eagerly.

Terius offered one to Hal as well which he declined politely. Un-offended, the Head Knight took a glass for himself and sent the servant on his way. Hal allowed his gaze to wander around the Great Hall. It was an immense room and rather garish in his opinion. In all honesty, what does anyone need with a room this large? Sure, It’s good for parties and stuff. But unless one happened every other day, what was the point? You could just as easily have a party like this outside.

Bringing himself back to the conversation, Hal realize that he had just missed a question. "I'm sorry, what was that again?"

Terius smiled. "Not to worry, I was just asking if you had ever thought about becoming a knight."

Astonished, Hal felt his jaw swing free. After a couple of seconds with a rather silly look on his face, the big man tried to formulate an answer. "Uhm, not really." Then seeing the disappointed look Terius gave him, Hal tried to elaborate. "That is...  I never thought about it. Back home at the Grove, we don't have knights. So...  that's about it. And besides, there's probably tests an' stuff that knights have to go through, and I'd never be able to do that."

Sir Terius gave him a curious look. "Why not?"

Hal shrugged. "I've never been taught anything worthy of a knight. I'd fail right at the beginning."

The knights smiled. "No one would expect you to know everything right off the top, Hal. We would train you, and educate you. To the point where you would be able and proud to be a knight yourself."

Hal heard the words but didn't believe them for even a second. He shook his head. "No thanks, Sir Terius. I don't think that'd help me much."

Terius was not to be daunted. "That was a very quick refusal Hal, so let me say this. I won't accept your answer right now. All that I ask is that you think about it and let me know after a couple of days rest here in Southmoor. You have impressed me in the short time I’ve known you and I believe you have the raw potential that many young men dream of but never quite achieve. Give it some thought during your stay here?"

"If that's what you want," Hal said with a shrug.

"It is," the knight said with a smile. Then he cast a look behind Hal and smiled again. He took the mage by the shoulder and began to lead him away. "Now if you'll excuse us, Hal. I think that there's someone who wishes to speak with you. Come good mage, tell me something of import."

Garnthalisbain frowned in thought. "I don't think I could do that without making you confused, Sir Knight."

Terius grinned. "Try me."

Reluctantly Hal turned around. He was more than a little afraid that it was going to be Renora again. And while he appreciated her company and was honored by it, his arm was getting sore. She'd been leaning on it almost all day!

His heart nearly stopped when he recognized the woman before him. She was dressed in an elegant purple gown that covered her from her shoulders to her ankles, leaving her left arm bare save for a gossamer thin piece of material of the same color attached to her wrist. When she stepped forward, Hal blushed as he saw the slit up along the right side of the skirt. Pushing the honey blond hair away from her face she looked up at the big man with her liquid amber eyes. "Hi Hal," she said. 

Hal nodded his head once, his mouth suddenly dry. "Milady," he whispered. Then he realized how inadequate that sounded and tried to expand on it. "It's, ah...  nice to see you this evening. You look... " He flailed desperately in his mind to find a word. And failed miserably. 

Sigh.

Tasha smiled up at him faintly. "I know what you mean," she said. She took a step forward and picked at a fold in his bluish grey brocade. "I've never seen you like this Hal. It's...  an interesting change."

He shrugged again. "I guess. S'kinda uncomfortable though. And I wish I could let my hair down."

She looked up at him critically, then she shook her head slowly. "No, it looks fine like that. In fact, you might want to think about getting it cut down to that length."

"Why?" Hal asked, his eyes wide at the thought. "You mean the bit that the guys who fixed my hair took off wasn’t enough?"

Tasha smiled. "No, it looks fine like that. You just might want to think about making a change and taking the rest of it off."

Hal couldn't think of a single reason why he might want to ever look bald, but he smiled tightly and nodded down at her. "As you wish, milady. Turns out I've been given a lot of things to think about this evening." 

They didn't say anything for several moments. Hal forced his gaze away from her and over the crowd of people dancing. In the middle of the crowd was Ceorn, hopping and gallivanting around. He had both of his hands over his head as he executed several high energy leaps and turns. Hal grinned at the sight and caught Ambori's face among the minstrels. The youthful bard was smiling broadly and was strumming his lute madly, trying to keep up with the more experienced musicians of the king's court. 

"Hal?" Tasha spoke, bringing the big man's attention back to her. 

"Yes, milady?" 

Her mouth opened and closed several times. Hal was surprised. he'd never truly seen her at a loss for words before. When she finally spoke, it was quite softly. "Hal," she tried again. "We never did have that talk I've been speaking about, have we?"

Hal went over the events of the past couple days in his mind. Then he shook his head. "I don't think so, milady."

Whatever she was about to say then was immediately forgotten as she frowned slightly. "Hal, do you realize that you have never, at least in my memory, called me by my name? Always it's 'milady' this, or 'milady' that." Resting a hand on his forearm, Tasha smiled at the big man. "We're friends if nothing else, Hal. You can call me by my name."

Hal shook his head. "I don't think I could do that, milady."

Tasha sighed. "Why not?"

Hal was about to speak, then stopped. He frowned in thought for a moment. "I'm not sure, why. I just feel as if I don't...  It just doesn’t feel proper."

"That's just silly, Hal. We've known each other for years now and we've become close during that time. At least close enough for you to refer to me by my name." She smiled reassuringly.

Hal shrugged. "I guess...  I don't know."

Just then all sound in the Great Hall stopped. The Announcer rapped his staff three times and waited until there was absolute silence. "Ladies and gentlemen. At this time it is my esteemed honor and privilege to announce to you, the King of Southmoor, Lord Timoth and his beautiful wife and Queen, Lady Teixiara!" A loud, brassy fanfare erupted from the minstrels and continued to trill along as the King and Queen of Southmoor made their entrance into the Great Hall.

At the top of the staircase, Lord Timoth raised one hand and silence once again fell over the Great Hall. "Greetings and good evening to you all," he began. "I am happy and honored to see all of you here this evening on the anniversary of my son's birth. Would that he could have graced us all with our presence tonight, but it seems the trials and activities of this day were a bit too strenuous. Consequently, he chose to bed himself down early."

Queen Teixiara smiled benignly. "He was too worn out after crawling around the apartments all day." A general chuckle rose throughout the crowd.

Hal turned to Sir Terius. "What?"

Seranna smiled at the big man's confusion. "Their Highness' son is only one year old today." She explained.

"Oh," Hal said, feeling rather foolish. "Of course."

"Well, I don't want to take up any more of your time this evening," Lord Timoth went on. He gestured grandly to the minstrels. "Please if you would continue with your playing we can continue with the ball and get down to the most important part." He pat softly on his stomach then. "The feast!" Another general laughter and then the music started, sending the throngs back to their dancing.

Sir Terius stepped forward and spoke to the companions. "If you all would be so good as to take your places at the table? Their Highness will be here shortly and I am certain that they will be eager to speak with you right away."

Tasha looked at Hal regretfully for a moment then nodded to the lead knight. "Of course." then she cast a quick look around and frowned. "Where's Ceorn?"

Hal gestured over his shoulder with a thumb. "On the dance floor. Don't worry, I'll go get him." It was a very quick process actually. As soon as Hal began to make his way to the floor, it seemed as if the crowd parted to make the way easier for him. Hal smiled at the people as he passed. The people here are so nice to strangers. 

After almost physically dragging the swarthy kelt away from a circle of ladies Hal managed to return to the High Table just before the Royalty arrived.

Sir Terius rose to his feet and gestured for the others to do the same. Hal who been in the process of sitting down found himself in that awkward position between standing and sitting. After flushing for a brief moment, Hal rose to an almost military stance and waited.

The King, Lord Timoth, had once been an imposing man. With broad shoulders and thick arms that implied a great deal of swordplay and battle, but nothing terribly recent. His hair was steel grey and hung at the back of his neck. He was garbed in the formal red and black mantle of his office with a long and flowing cape flowing behind him. The color of his eyes were hard to make out due to his squinting. Overall, Hal guessed his age at being anywhere from mid-fifties to anywhere in his sixties. Strangely the man seemed familiar to Hal. It wasn't as if Hal had seen the man before, but it was something in the way his jaw was set. It reminded Hal of someone that he had met, and recently too.

The Queen was a shocker though. She was dressed in contrast to her husband in colors of white and blue which swirled all about her slender frame. Her thick blonde hair was done up in curls on the top of her head, held in place by a silver tiara. Her skin was smooth and wrinkle free, her blue eyes twinkling at the sight of so many guests. Hal was stunned. Is that legal? he thought to himself. I don't think she's all that much older than I am.

Sir Terius continued with the introductions. "My Liege and Lady, I have the distinct honor to introduce to you our guests this evening." He gestured to each person in turn. "First off, may I introduce Lady Tasha Pellaren, daughter to Baron Tyren of the Vineyard Grove."

Lord Timoth nodded his head. "A pleasure milady. Please convey to your father my fondness for the wine that he produces. 'Tis some of the best red wine that I have ever tasted."

Tasha blushed prettily and surprised everyone by curtsying slightly. "Of course, Your Highness. You honor my family with your words."

Terius carried on. "Across from her is Ceorn Lochlaven, a former gladiator from the Clanlands. Next to him is the mage, Garnthalisbain, also from the Vineyard Grove."

Lord Timoth broke in. "I have heard, good mage that you have been yearning for a word with Our Court Wizard."

Garn grinned and bowed. "I have, Your Highness. Word of this Braxin Balinvain has reached my ears through the annals of us who feel the powers of the universe. I was merely hoping to...  talk shop with him, if you will."

"Of course," Lord Timoth smiled. "And you, Lochlaven was it?" Ceorn nodded. "I have heard of you, I believe. In recent months I have been sent invitations and requests to witness and or sponsor an event. I have turned down them all, though your name has been offered as an incentive for sponsoring such an event."

"I thank you profoundly for that, yer’ majesty." Ceorn said with a true smile. "I was held in the pits agains't me will and every day in which I didn’t have to fight was a blessin'."

Timoth nodded his head once as Terius went on. "And finally, at the end of the table we have Lady Renora of Portrian and her escort for the evening, Hal of the Vineyard Grove."

Lord Timoth smiled briefly at Renora but locked his gaze on Hal for a long moment. Slowly his eyes opened to their full width, giving Hal his full grey-eyed look. The big man stood through the whole ordeal nervously, wondering if there was something that he should say. Finally, the King's eyes closed again and he stood there for a long moment without moving. At long last he held his arms wide and smiled. "Welcome all of you to Southmoor Castle. Please sit, I'm certain that you're all at least as hungry as I am."

When the selection of food for dinner came out, Hal could feel his mouth begin to water in a way that it hadn't in many years. There were glazed hams and roasted haunches of beef and mutton and stewed vegetables and pies and pheasant and turkeys and .. a lot of other things that Hal couldn't put a name to but he ate anyway because it tasted delicious.

Finally, after the party had gorged themselves on the first real meal that they'd had in weeks, Hal leaned back in his chair, at least as much as he was able to, and sighed. He was content and full. Therefore, he was happy. 

There had been a great deal of conversation of the dinner but Hal hadn't really been listening. He had been too busy trying to find a happy medium between stuffing his face and eating gracefully. He never really found one but he did hear mention of the tale of the journey to Southmoor. Along with the Sunraiders and the boat journey and the freeing of Ceorn. Hal was just glad that no one asked him any direct questions during the meal for he'd have been far too preoccupied to answer them.

There was a slight commotion to his right just then. Hal snapped his gaze in that direction alert and ready for action, his hand unconsciously straying to where his axe should have been. Fortunately there was no need.

The man that stood there could hardly be construed as a threat in Hal's opinion. He was roughly five and a half feet tall, with an average build, leaning towards the skinny side. His hair was dark brown as were his small beady eyes. He sported a thin goatee that looked more like whiskers than actual facial hair. His ears were overlarge and his face long, giving him a mousy sort of expression. He was dressed in robes of an ash grey with a black trimming and he wore a chain of office around his neck. 

Lord Timoth frowned at the little man. "You're late."

The man bowed jerkily. "A thousand apologies, My Liege. I was unavoidably detained by matters immediately more pressing. I hope that this hasn't been an inconvenience." Even his voice added to the overall mousiness of the man, it was high pitched and squeaky. As if he never had it crack on him when he was younger.

Garnthalisbain stood and extended his hand to the man. "Braxin Balinvain, I presume?"

The man rounded on the mage suspiciously. "Yes. And you?"

"Garnthalisbain. I've been looking forward to meeting you." He kept his hand outstretched.

Gingerly the Court Wizard shook it and looked the younger mage in the eye. They held that pose, standing toe to toe for a long moment. Instantly Hal changed his opinion of the man and regarded him as a definite potential threat. Any man who could look Garn in the eye without backing down was worthy of caution, even if he did look like a rodent.

There was a commotion from the music pit and one of the minstrels stood upon a podium. He smiled at the throng of people and accepted their polite applause with grace. "Ladies and gentlemen," he began in a strong, deep voice. "Our next piece will be the Serongara. We here in the orchestra, if you will, would appreciate all of your participation in the upcoming dance. We will give you a five minute break to prepare. Thank you."

Queen Teixiara looked at her husband with a smile. "Feel up to a round of dancing, Your Highness?"

Lord Timoth laughed. "Would that I were, dearest. Unfortunately my old bones aren't up to the strain anymore. Perhaps one of the others .. ?"

Ceorn rose to his feet with a fluid grace. "Yer’ Highness, if'n ye don't mind me sayin' I would consider it a great honor fer you to be me dance partner for the Serongara."

Lady Teixiara smiled at the kelt. "Certainly good sir." She rose to her feet and took Ceorn's arm.

Renora dragged Hal to his feet and began to lead him to the floor. "Come on big guy, you promised."

"I know. But what's the Serongara?"

"You've never seen it before?"

"I've never been to a ball before."

"I see," she paused. "Well, we'll watch the first couple of passes go by and then join in after. It's a long dance so we won't miss much."

It wasn't actually that difficult a dance at all, Hal decided. In fact it was very much like his lessons on the practice field learning how to fight with his weapons. In fact it used many of the same muscles and balancing features. 

The gentleman leads his partner around in wide circle. Along the way they spin in a series of small circles and figure-eights. And at the end, the man dips the woman before handing her off to the next man. And so on. the challenge came when the music increased in pace and one had to get all of the spins and pirouettes exactly right to keep from tripping over one's own feet.

After just a couple of passes Hal and Renora joined the throng. He had a bit of difficulty at first, trying to keep moving along with the rhythm of the music. But after that brief stumble it all worked out fine. They spun and figure-eighted and laughed the whole way. Hal found the balance he had learned on the practice field to be very useful in this case, allowing him to stay up on his toes for a great deal of time as they danced.

After dipping Renora as deeply as he thought was decent without causing her to fall, she quickly kissed him before swinging along and dancing with a completely different partner. Hal was so surprised that he forgot to start moving again when a red-haired woman with wide green eyes took his hands and began to move.

He felt very uncomfortable dancing with this woman that he'd never met before though she didn't seem to mind. She just smiled up at him with a very odd look in her eyes as they twirled along. "You dance magnificently," she complimented him. Hal tried to explain that his was his first time and that he wasn't all that good but she would hear none of it. Just before he dipped her and handed her to the next man she whispered into his ear, "If you have trouble sleeping tonight just wander around the east wing of the castle and I'll help you nod off." As Hal handed her on, he wondered what exactly she had meant by that.

Hal went through just about all of the women as partners and after a while they all seemed to blend together in his recollection. He danced with women of all sorts. Some beauteous, some not. He was embarrassed when he danced with Terius' wife, Seranna. Though she did give him some helpful tips for his balance on the figure-eights. When Queen Teixiara came into his arms for the dance he nearly tripped over himself, narrowly avoiding an embarrassing header into a passing waiter. It took Her Majesty’s fully good humored smile to loosen him up and just treat the dance as that. A dance. No reason to be alarmed. She did compliment him on his form though. 

He went on for another long while, partners entering and leaving his arms at an ever increasing rate. Then the music began to slow as it neared the end of the piece. Consequently the dancing slowed so as to compliment the tempo. 

Feeling that this partner would be his last, Hal turned to her as gracefully as he was able and bowed. When he raised his gaze he was astonished to notice that it was Tasha standing before him with a surprised expression on her slightly sweaty face. 

Hal froze, missing a couple of beats to the dance. At last Tasha rolled her eyes dramatically and stepped into his reach, all but actually leading him in the steps to the dance. At first the big man continued to freeze. He wanted to just seize up and stop, right there on the dance floor. But after a couple moments and spins, he permitted his reflexes to take over and allowed himself to get back into the swing and rhythm of the music. Tasha was just another partner, one of the many that he'd been through that evening. 

But as the music slowed and their motions followed suit, it appeared that Tasha was actually starting to lean into him? That she was actually pressing close to him and enjoying being in his presence? No, he thought to himself. Mustn't let my imag .. imarg...  mind run wild on me. I've just got to assume that she's tired or .. or...  Hal stopped thinking and began holding her close, letting his body respond where his mind failed him.

They held each other close through the last few turns. As they reached the final dip, Hal slid his large, powerful hands down to the small of her back and watched as Tasha leaned as far back as she was able, both of her arms stretched out to the sides. Hal could feel his heart pounding as if he'd just run ten miles and could feel his palms getting sweaty. 

Finally the music stopped and Tasha allowed herself to be brought back up to a standing position. Hal knew that he should have taken his hands away from the small of her back, but he didn't. Just as she didn't take her hands away from his powerful shoulders as they stared into each other’s eyes. 

Tasha reached up and touched Hal's cheek, her fingers were cool against his unusually flushed skin. Hal reached up and held her hand in one of his own. "Hal... " she began. Her voice was soft, questioning.

Hal forced himself to swallow. "Yes, milady?" 

The world was flooded with light. White, blinding light pierced into the eyes of Hal and everyone else in the Lands. The light altered in color from white to crimson. then was gone, only to be followed by the sound of hysterical, maniacal laughter.

Interlude - Thirty Seconds Earlier

The dark elf, Abalanor, remained seated at his throne. He had once again established a mental link with the immortal Xir. Sweat poured down the elf's pallid flesh in rivulets, dampening his scarlet robe at the fringes and under the armpits

This has to work, he thought as an aside. 

He screamed. His body arched and writhed on the throne, crimson rays washing over his slender frame. Energy picked at every particle of his body, examined it and put it back. All in the space of seconds.

The PAIN! Abalanor thought, trying to keep a conscious link open throughout all of the agony. 

I cannot stop! If I stop this, Xir will have no place to...  AARRRGH!!...  to, aim his energies. Only if he...  has a focal point can he...  ErrGH!...  burrow through the barrier.

Tears streamed down the wrenched and contorted features of the archmage. But he could not stop.

He would not stop!

The world exploded in light. 

When he awoke, all that he could hear was the sound of laughter.

Chapter 17- The Rift

When Garn could see again he spun in a fast circle, looking around the Great Hall and tried to assess the damage.

To his astonishment, there didn't appear to be anything too terribly wrong. That is to say that no walls had been blown apart, no people had been killed. Of course a couple of tapestries and streamers had fallen from their rather precarious positions along the wall or ceiling. But as to the structure itself and the people gathered inside, there didn’t seem to be any serious damage.

Checking on the people still sitting at his table he was surprised to see Braxin Balinvain no longer around. He was even more surprised to see the King, Lord Timoth sprawled in his throne-like chair with his head resting down on the table.

Wasting no time, Garnthalisbain rushed to the king’s side and propped the larger man back up in his chair. His eyes were closed and the expression on his face was twisted in fright.

Pressing two fingers against the side of the king's neck, Garn held his breath and waited. Within moments he was rewarded with the feeling of the elder man's pulse, beating strong and true. Much relieved, the mage reached into his robe and fumbled around in one of the inner pouches. He withdrew his small container of sharp smelling salts and spices. With a sharp twist he un-stoppered the bottle and waved it beneath the king’s nose.

"Timoth!" came the sharp feminine cry behind him. Checking over his shoulder Garn saw Queen Teixiara rushing towards her husband. All dignity seemed to have been thrown out the door as the folds of her skirt and gown flapped along behind her as she ran. Behind her ran Sir Terius and his wife, the expression on their faces grim.

Lord Timoth snorted violently, spasming forward in his chair. Garn placed his small hands on the king's chest and tried to hold him steady in the chair. His frail arms quaked with the strain, but he did manage to complete the task. The king's iron grey eyes were wide open but they seemed to have trouble focusing on anything. 

Then the Queen was there. She dropped to her knees beside her husband and gripped at his arm fiercely. Tears had begun to trickle out of her eyes and the make up on her lower lip was smudged from where she had been chewing on it. "Is he all right?" she asked Garn anxiously.

Garn held one hand out to her palm up to try and calm her down. "I'm sure he'll be fine, milady. Just give him a couple of minutes to recover. This must have come as a great shock to him."

Terius and Seranna came trotting up at that moment. "Is he .." the knight began.

"He'll be fine if you people would let me help him!" Garn snapped more viciously than he'd intended to. But it got his desired effect. They all shut up quite nicely.

A few minutes later Timoth came to his complete senses and was busy looking around and asking questions. "Thank you, good mage," he said with a nod towards Garnthalisbain. "But I am all right now." He looked around the table briefly and frowned. "Where has Braxin Balinvain gotten himself? At this time of crisis he decides to run off?"

Garn bowed in acquiescence. "I am uncertain where the wizard has gone, milord. However if you would like to avail yourself of mine and my associates advice and opinions, we would be honored to do so."

Lord Timoth nodded in agreement. He gestured towards the spiral staircase in the back of the Great Hall. "Very well, young Garnthalisbain. Gather those of your associates that you think will be of value for such a conference and bring them up to the balcony." He turned to Terius. "Send for Havar and whichever of your men that you think might be of value for this meeting. If you see Balinvain, inform him of the occasion and of my displeasure at his actions of late. Also, clear everyone out of the Hall and send them home." He rose unsteadily to his feet at first, then closed his eyes and forced himself to be stable. He kissed his wife gently. "You'd better head back to check on Terran dear. I’m certain that all of this...  chaos, has upset the young one."

Teixiara nodded silently and walked off with Lady Seranna close behind her.

Terius spun on his heel and trotted off into the crowd, looking for his men and shouting out orders. Garn gracefully waded into the same crowd and looked for his friends.

Not for the first time, Garn wished that he could have been just a little bit taller. He wasn't short, exactly. Just below the average in height. That however did make it difficult to see over, much less through a crowd of milling, frightened people, many of whom were frantically screaming at the top of their lungs. 

Quickly realizing the futility of his current endeavor, the mage began to look about for something to stand on. Finding nothing in the way of furniture close by, Garn resolved himself to stepping gingerly up on the unconscious body of one hefty individual dressed in green. 

"Sorry about this," he muttered as he got the leg up. With a grim look on his face, he began to scan over the heads of the milling, colorfully dressed crowd of people.

Within moments he had spotted Hal's head over the rest of the crowd. It had taken the mage a moment to recognize him with hair groomed and tied back, but then he'd asked himself how many other people were that much taller than the average person. Getting a mental verification of the big man's position, Garn hopped down off of the gentleman and offered his thanks before moving on. 

As he tried to maneuver his way through the crowd, one woman with short brown hair through herself into the mage's arms screaming. "The world's coming to an end!" her voice warbled right into Garn's face, splattering him with drops of spittle. She writhed about frantically, whipping him with the ends of her hair at times. "What are we going to do?" she screamed, reaching a new octave and consequently making the mage realize that he had a splitting headache.

With the same calm precision and determination with which the mage did everything, he leaned as far back as he was able and slapped the woman across the face. She cried out once more and then was quiet, pressing both hands to her face and staring in disbelief.

Garn noted with distaste the revolting amount of make-up that had come off on his hand. He reached out and wiped off as much of it as he could on the woman's dress. He spoke calmly and precisely, with only a small amount of irritation. "The world is not coming to an end, all right? Now why don't you go run off somewhere and find a gentleman who's as drunk as you are and find some way to spend the rest of the evening without getting on my nerves?" With that, Garn spun on his heel and walked away, wiping at his face with a handkerchief that he withdrew from one sleeve.

Behind him he heard the woman sputter a few times in disbelief before finally saying. "Well, I never...  And me? Of the royal family of Dancivar! Why I... " Garn stopped listening at that point and moved along.

Garn tried to go over the event that had happened in his mind as he waded through the wall of people. What he remembered was ordering yet another glass of that fine red wine when he felt a sudden surge of magical energy flood his external senses. This was at least half a minute before anyone else seemed to have any sort of reaction what so ever. He had rose to his feet and was looking...  which way? Which way was he looking? He was sure the energy was coming from a specific direction, but which direction was it?

Then the blinding light hit, white to crimson. He blacked out for perhaps a second, heard the laughter and came back to his senses, collapsed in his chair. Balinvain was gone and the King was out cold.

Wait. Balinvain! Garn thought. If he's half the wizard that he's supposed to be, he should have known about the disturbance even before I did. I mean, I know I'm good. But I'm not that good, am I?

As Garn mulled over this dilemma, he also tried to remember what Balinvain's reaction had been as Garn felt the surge.

Okay. He looked at me, I'm sure of that. Then I turned in the direction of the magic … behind me! Okay, fine. Now, I know which direction, but that can wait. There was a bizarre expression on his face. Just what in the hell was it? What does it mean? Does it mean anything?

Garn slid between a group of people that were busy holding onto each other for dear life as he thought. One of the men shoved at him, knocking him off his stride and his train of thought. Suddenly irate, Garn spun around and faced the man. 

The individual in question was reasonably tall and considerably more well-built than Garn. He loomed over the long haired mage and sneered dangerously. Garn took a step back and scowled up into the man's face, holding both hands in front of him shaped like claws.

Then a slight shadow loomed over them both. The man looked up , over the mage’s head. The confident expression on his face dissolved and was quickly replaced with one of concern. The man tried to grin and stammer out a joke of some sort but couldn't seem to make any intelligent sound come sputtering out. Abandoning any semblance of decency or decorum, the man turned and left in a considerable hurry.

Garn slowly turned about, preparing himself for the grand chewing out that he was going to give whichever one of his friends was standing behind him. Ceorn stood there with a grim expression on his face. Then seeing the mage looking up at him, he smiled broadly. “No worries, I know you could’ve taken’ him.”

Garn opened his mouth to begin the verbal abuse but stopped as he looked at Ceorn's expression more closely. As if a torch had been suddenly lit right before his eyes, the answer to his question hit him. And along with it came a slew of other questions and possibilities that it raised.

Ceorn clapped a hand to his smaller friend's shoulder. " 'Are you all right, lad? I figured you’d have somethin’ to say by now."

Garn grinned up at the kelt then punched him softly on the arm. "I just like to keep you guessing, Ceorn. You know that." Then he looked beyond him and scanned for the others. "Where's everyone at? I need to talk with them."

Ceorn shrugged and swung his gaze around. "I'm not sure. They're around here somewhere."

"I saw Hal over that way just a few minutes ago," Garn pointed.

The kelt rose up on his toes and scanned. Then he smiled again and waved. "Don't move, lad!" he shouted over the din. "Me and the mage 're comin'!" Then he rocked back on his heels and nudged his friend. "I found 'em."

Garn snorted in disgust. "Clearly." He started to make his way through the crowd again. "Come on."

Ceorn stepped in front of him and began to clear the way with a couple of well-placed elbows, scowls or grins. "If'n you don't mind, Garn. I think I might be a bit better at this." Garn grimaced but was forced to agree.

In just a few moments the kelt led the way until they were in the small clearing of people around Hal. He was standing stock still with a woman collapsed in his arms. Garn was initially surprised to see that it wasn't Renora. He was even more surprised to see that it was Tasha. And just when he didn't think that he could have been surprised any more, he saw that Tasha was sobbing uncontrollably.

Hal's face was twisted with remorse. "Garn!" he cried out when he saw the mage. He gestured to Tasha with his head. "Help her!"

Garn rushed forward and took Tasha's arm. She flashed her gaze towards him in alarm then was visibly relieved when she recognized him. Without a word, she reached out with one arm and pulled him close as well.

"What happened?" Garn spat accusingly up at the big man.

Hal shook his head in dismay. "I don't know! There was this light and then this laughter and... "

"I mean to Tasha! What happened to Tasha?"

"I still don't know. When I was able to see again, she was just there. Holding me and crying." Concern openly displayed itself on Hal's face, warring with a look of frustration at his inability to do anything for her. 

Garn looked around in disgust. "Well this will never do. She needs a place to sit and calm down." He gestured towards the kelt. "Ceorn, lead the way back to our table. Hal you carry her there if you have to.”
	
Ceorn leapt back into the dwindling throng of people and cleared a path. Garn carefully disengaged himself from Tasha's grip and left her to Hal. With infinite tenderness, the big man took her up in his strong arms and carefully carried her along, cradling her as if she were one of the twins. Tasha wrapped her arms around his neck and continued to sob uncontrollably.

Reaching the dais where the table was, Ceorn appropriated the King's chair and swung it around. Hal gently placed her down on the cushioned seat and tried to pull away. Tasha however a grabbed a hold of his hand and refused to let go. Hal nodded in acquiescence and dropped to one knee beside the chair, continuing to hold her hand.

Garn waited a few minutes to allow Tasha the chance to calm down before beginning his questioning. "You want something to drink?" She nodded softly. Ceorn stirred and grabbed at the wine bottle on the table. He quickly filled up half a goblet and handed it to Garn. The mage held it out to Tasha carefully. She gently took it and sipped at the dark red liquid.

Tasha took a few more little sips before smiling slightly. "Thank you," she whispered as she set the goblet down on the arm of the chair.

"Better now?" Garn asked as Ceorn caught the goblet just before it tipped off the chair and spilled to the floor.

Wiping at her eyes with her free hand, Tasha nodded. "A bit."

"You sure?" Hal asked anxiously, concern still obvious on his face. 

She smiled at him warmly. "Yes, Hal."

Garn raised an eyebrow at the two of them but didn't say a word. He did file away in the back of his mind the need to speak with Hal about women and his timing with them. That done, he began his interrogation.

"So Tasha, what happened to you in last few minutes that didn't happen to the rest of us? You're not typically this much of a crier, as far as women go."

Tasha let the obvious jibe go unnoticed this once. "I'm not sure," she began.

Garn hung his head and sighed. "You're not much more help than Hal," he muttered as the big man shot him a hurt look.

"After the light hit," Tasha continued. "I felt my...  My abilities just sort of come alive. I don't remember if I did it on purpose or not, but I suppose I must have. I've never just had them take me over before."

"Did you have another vision?" Garn prompted.

She nodded. "It seemed I was seeing three things at once. At first I saw Xir. He was angling his staff and directing his energies. I don't know how I know this because the energy was still shooting off in every direction. But, I know he was. I could feel it." She took a deep breath and went on. "Then I saw, at the same time, a man dressed in red robes. I think he was a man, but it was hard to see much that was distinguishable. He was sitting in this throne just writhing in pain and screaming. He was sitting in this throne in some castle or possibly a cave or...  I don't know what. He was covered in the same energies as those that came from the staff. He was in such pain. But he kept saying that this was what he wanted, and that he couldn't stop." 

She paused.

Garn pressed her. "And the third thing?"

Tasha looked as if she was about to cry again. "The third was of the woman, the one with the cat?" Garn nodded in recognition. "She was standing next to this mountain, literally standing next to it. Her head was at eye level with its peak. At its peak was what appeared to be a fortress of some sort. Above it roiled dark grey clouds that billowed and writhed with crimson lightning. From the fortress as well came more of that crimson light. And the woman...  she .. she was... "

"What?" Garn prodded frantically. "She was what?"

"Crying. She was crying, Garn!" Tasha had begun to look a little teary eyed again.

Garn somehow seemed to find the ending of the story to be somewhat anticlimactic. He cleared his throat before going on. "Uh, not to sound insensitive to the pain that you're feeling Tasha. But is that it? The woman was crying?"

Tasha shook her head. "No. You don't understand. Outside of the cloud there seemed to be a coalescence of the energies. It grasped and clawed at...  At the sky itself. I know that sounds crazy but it's true all the same. Then … Then the sky seemed to be .. Pulled apart? It was as if the sky was a piece of fabric that just couldn't take the strain anymore and was torn apart at the seams."

"What was on the other side?" Garn asked anxiously.

"I couldn't see. It was all just that same crimson color. The woman kept reaching out to it, wanting to close it shut. And she could have! I know she could have! But something was holding her back. And that caused her so much pain that she cried. And she never cries, I know that just the same as I know what happened. Her face was just filled with sorrow at the restrictions placed upon her." Tasha paused again. "And then she spoke to me. 

"She said 'You must seal the Rift, Tasha. The Book of Korum is the only item in the Lands with knowledge of how to do this. You will need all of your strength and all that of your companions to be able to complete this task.' Then she showed me this image of a mountain. A lone mountain in the middle of wide grassy plains. 'At the peak of this mountain,' she said. 'You will find the book. But beware, for there will be great danger once you reach this place. And even the strength of you, your companions and those companions you have yet to meet, may not be enough for you to survive this part of your quest.' And then she left, leaving me with nothing but the sound of her crying ringing in my ears." 

Garn let the information swell over him and frowned at the implications. He glanced up at the balcony where they were supposed to meet Lord Timoth and the others and grimaced. "I hate to ask it, Tasha," he began before she smiled. 

"But you're going to ask it anyway, right?"

"Unfortunately, yes," Garn chuckled. He gestured towards the balcony with his thumb. "You have to tell that story again to a much less sympathetic audience. The King wants us to go up there and discuss with him what we think just happened. And now that we know, we might have a rather serious problem on our hands."

Ceorn laughed grimly. "You can say that again."

There was a commotion off to the left and a rapid series of footsteps. Hal's eyes widened in shock and he rose to his feet, dropping Tasha’s hand in the process. She started at his sudden motion and stared up at Hal wordlessly.

Renora threw herself into Hal's arms and hugged him fiercely. "Oh thank the Gods you're all right, Hal!" she began. "When I could see again and the laughter stopped I couldn't see you anywhere. And I was so worried that something happened, and... " 

Hal tried to quiet her down. "I'm fine, Renora," he said even though his face said something radically different. "I’m fine." 

Tasha watched the two of them for a brief second before swinging her gaze back to Garn's. "Has there been any sign of Ambori?" she asked, though Garn was certain that she couldn't have cared a lick about the bard's well-being at that point.

Ambori actually stepped up behind the mage then. He looked a bit worse for wear with his hair completely messed up and there was a dark red stain across the front of his yellow and blue striped shirt. But he smiled at the sight of his friends. "I'm right here, milady. And am so glad that you care."

Garn looked at the bard and grinned wryly. "Don't bet on it."

Tasha stiffly rose to her feet. "Well, I suppose we should go on up to the balcony then. No sense in keeping the royalty waiting unnecessarily, don't you think?" No one answered. She stepped away from the chair and stopped in front of Hal and Renora. With a slow, careful glance, she looked at him. "Are you coming, Hal?" she asked quietly. 

Hal opened his mouth to reply but Renora spoke up first, turning to look at Tasha as she did so. "Do you really need him?" she asked, honest fear in her eyes. "I'm just so nervous over what happened that I really don't want to be alone right now. But, if you really... "

Tasha cut her off with a wave of her hand. "No, that's all right," she said with little to no emotion in her voice. She looked into Hal's now blue-grey eyes and regarded him coolly. "Hal, you don't need to come with us right now. You can escort Renora back to her chambers and...  And we'll fill you in tomorrow on what the King says."

Opening his mouth to say something, it died in his throat as Renora cast a glance back up at him fearfully. He flicked his gaze from Tasha's to Renora's for a second before nodding wearily. "As you wish, milady." 

Without another word Hal took Renora's arm and walked off. 

Seeing the look of...  whatever in Hal's eyes, Garn was ready to believe that Tasha would change her mind at the last minute. However, she took a deep breath and waited for them to get completely out of her sight before heading towards the spiral staircase and the balcony above. "Well, what are you waiting for?" she snapped.

As one, the three slightly confused men trotted after her.

The red carpeted staircase wound about itself three times before revealing a set of silver inlaid double doors. Tasha opened them wide and strode out into the chilly night air and onto the balcony. The others followed along behind.

The balcony was very wide, extending at least forty feet out from the wall of the castle itself. It was made out of the same marble as the rest of Southmoor Castle and was carpeted in red. There were twin statues of peregrine falcons on each side of the balcony facing out into the night; silent protectors.

Lord Timoth leaned against the railing, both hands resting on the marble stonework and his gaze sweeping across his domain. Sir Terius stood near him, both arms folded across his chest and one leg resting on a lower portion of the barrier. Havar, the Lord Chancellor sat at the lone table. He was dressed in the same robes as before and held a scroll pad and parchment in his lap. A quill and inkwell rested on the table proper, waiting to be used.

At the sound of their arrival, the King turned around and regarded the group. "Where's the large one?" he asked.

"He couldn't make it," Tasha cut in. "A personal matter."

Lord Timoth frowned at her for a moment. Then he nodded. "A pity. I was looking forward to... " He broke off abruptly, piquing Garn's curiosity. "Well then gentlemen, and lady. Does anyone present have any idea as to what just happened here?"

Tasha raised her hand slightly and stepped forward. " I do, milord."

Timoth eyed her curiously. "Really," he said. He strode over to the table and sat down in another chair. "And that idea would be?"

"Well, your Highness," Tasha began, clearing her throat. "It's like this..." And she then went on to describe the entire purpose behind their journey to Southmoor. Starting with her first vision of Xir and finishing with her most recent. That done, Timoth was curious as to whom Xir was. Garnthalisbain stepped in then and related the tale of Xir and his twin back in the times before the glaciers. The mage was astonished when Havar expanded on his recounting with historical details unknown to him.

After all the talking was done Timoth was very quiet. He didn't say anything for a great long while as he scratched at his chin with the fingers of one gnarled hand. For a frighteningly long moment, Garn was afraid that he didn't believe a word of the story and was about to have them clapped in irons. Then he got himself under control, realizing that Timoth had just witnessed proof to everything they'd said.

At long last Lord Timoth opened his eyes and regarded the party. "Well," he said. "That's quite a tale. One that under most circumstances I would have laughed at and had the storytellers escorted out the front gate." Than he laughed. "In this case however, I find myself forced to believe you." He shook his head briefly and turned to Terius. "Well then my friend, what do you think we can do about this?"

Sir Terius grimaced distastefully as he pondered the situation. "I'm not certain Timoth. On one hand, I see the grave necessity of finding this Book of Korum as soon as possible to end the threat of this Xir from entering the Lands once again. And yet, I have few men to spare for such a quest. As I mentioned in my report earlier today, there are armies of highwaymen and other species gathering on the roads these days. As it is, I will be hard pressed to send out enough bands of knights and foot soldiers to keep those annoyances at bay while still keeping the castle defenses up and running." Then he looked at Tasha, Garn and the others. "And yet, I find it impossible in my own mind to send these good folks out without some measure of support."

Lord Timoth agreed with a sigh. "I understand." He sighed again and thought for a moment longer, looking up into the sky. "I wish Hevanos were here, he would know what to do."

Terius nodded gravely. "Yes, milord. He would be a great help at this time."

Garn stepped forward. "Pardon me, lords. But if this man would be of such assistance, why don't you summon him to give his help?"

Timoth's eyes flashed with hurt and he glared at the mage. "You do not know what you ask." he muttered angrily.

The knight was more conversational about it. "Hevanos was Timoth's brother. He was the hereditary Lord of Eastwall and Protector of Southmoor. Whenever there was a disaster afoot, the Protector would go with a contingent of soldiers and put it to rest. Hevanos and his family died a number of years ago on a leisure trip, murdered by a group of highwaymen."

"Thirteen years ago," the king muttered beneath his breath. "Thirteen."

Havar spoke up for the first time during the meeting. "What I don't understand is why you people? I mean, I'm certain that you're very talented at what you do. But why you? What is so special about you?"

Tasha found herself shrugging helplessly. "I don't know."

The doors to the balcony were thrown open, loud in the open air. Framed in opening was the wayward knight Krehgal and the Court Wizard, Braxin Balinvain.

Terius' eyes flashed angrily. He strode forward and glared at the arrogant young man. "I do believe that I had confined you to quarters for the evening for conduct unbecoming of a Knight, Krehgal. Do you wish me to increase that disciplinary action for direct disobedience?"

Krehgal glared right back at his superior, folding his now perfectly healthy arms across his chest in a pose of defiance. "Since when is the Prince of Southmoor not invited to meetings involving the well-being of our Country? I wouldn't even have known about this if our loyal Court Wizard hadn't informed me of it."

Tasha snapped her gaze to Garn. "Prince?" she muttered worriedly.

Garn shrugged helplessly. He hadn't known either.

Timoth rose form his chair and pointed at Krehgal in a fury. "Since when were children ever invited to a meeting of this importance?"

"I am not a child!"

"Your actions of late, including your embarrassing incident today involving the refugees seeking aid and our guests certainly prove otherwise!"

Krehgal looked about to strangle himself the way his hands clutched at the neck of his tunic. "I had a right! I had saved that woman's life from those highwaymen. It was my right to have my way with her! I would not have hurt her, just merely... "

"That is enough!" Timoth shouted. "Listen to yourself talk. Just listen. What has happened to you my son? You didn't use to be this way. You used to be such a pleasant boy who never said a wrong word to anyone." Tears began to form in the big grey eyes. "Have I neglected you so much, my child? Has my marriage to Teixiara done so much to you?"

Krehgal seemed to calm down slightly, at least enough to regain control of his dignity. Braxin Balinvain touched the frustrated young man lightly on the back of his shoulder. Garn felt a slight surge of the Power and suddenly Krehgal’s face flashed again in rage. 

“Why would I be concerned that you’ve taken up with a whore, father?” Krehgal spat with venom.

Terius and Havar couldn’t restrain their gasps of astonishment. King Timoth seemed to swell with emotion.

Father and son were heavily into an argument once again and the court wizard stepped back with a slight smile on his face.

Well, that answers one question.

Garn quickly stepped in between the quarreling family members and raised his arms out to the sides. He manipulated a small portion of the Power that was his to control and amplified the sound of his own voice until it flowed over the din upon the balcony. "STOP!"

Every person on the balcony froze in place, shocked into silence. 

Garn extended one finger and pointed to the wizard. "Braxin Balinvain. I have some questions for you."

The mousey wizard took a cautious step forward and regarded the young mage curiously. With his keen eye, Garn spotted the droplets of sweat beaded on his forehead. "And those would be, youngling?"

Garn lowered his arms and hooked his thumbs in his belt. "Before the lights began and the world went crimson, you and I were speaking. I got a very good look at your face when I felt the Power begin to surge. In that moment I was so astonished that I reflexively stood from my chair and turned in the direction it was coming from." Garn paused and stared at the wizard coolly. "Do you remember what you were doing at that time, Braxin Balinvain?"

The wizard began to smirk. "During such a momentous event it impossible to remember every small action one might have... "

Garn took a step forward, a wolfish grin spreading across his face. "You were smiling, Braxin Balinvain. Why do you think that was? Were you, perhaps so overcome by the surging of elemental energies threatening to rip our world asunder that it brought you joy?” Garn took another step closer until the two mages were mere feet apart. “Or did you know this was coming?"

	
Lord Timoth took a step forward from the balcony rail. "Balinvain! Is this true?"

"I find myself accused by a hedge mage from some Vineyard across the sea and must defend my actions?" Balinvain sneered, though sweat beaded more noticeably upon his brow. “My liege, I must protest this …”

"Another thing," Garn went on. "You wouldn't happen to have any sort of a hold over the good Prince would you?" Balinvain’s eyes narrowed dangerously as he glared at Garn. "I only ask because I felt another surge of the Power as you touched him just a moment ago, right before he went into a tirade if I recall."

Krehgal stepped forward indignantly, his face red and florid. "Are you suggesting that I... "

"Shut up!" Balinvain muttered. The prince meekly complied. Then realizing what he had done, his face froze in alarm.

Garnthalisbain took another step forward. "You're really lousy at this intrigue stuff Braxin Balinvain. I'd suggest that you should have stuck to your magic, but I'm assuming that you aren't any better at that."

Braxin Balinvain’s face twisted. He took a rapid step back and wrapped one arm around the throat of a now surprisingly tranquil Prince Krehgal. He thrust one hand out at Garnthalisbain who could feel an incredible level of Power that was suddenly being built up. "Damn you!" the wizard growled as a sheet of lightning erupted from his fingertips.

The bolts seemed to strike against and glance off an impenetrable wall inches away from the mage's frail form. Nevertheless, Garn was flung through the air until he slammed heavily into the base of the balcony’s railing. He grunted painfully to himself, and waited for the sheets of electricity to stop crackling about his impromptu shield. 

By the time the energy had dissipated and Garn was able to lower his shield and take a look around the balcony, Balinvain and Krehgal were gone.

Tasha was at his side in a second. "Are you all right?" 

Garn slowly made his way to his feet, with Tasha and Ceorn both helping him. He grimaced at the waves of pain that screamed in his back as he did so but managed to ignore them. "More or less," he muttered.

"Is there anythin' we can get you lad?" the kelt asked.

Running his fingers through his hair, he noted without a great deal of surprise that it was now standing more or less on edge from the static charge. "Yeah, a hair brush and a cold glass of whiskey."

Ceorn snickered as he trotted off to comply. 

Tasha gazed at her friend curiously. "Are you sure you're all right?"

Garn thought about it for a moment than shook his head. "Nope."

She looked at him with concern. "Will you be all right?"

Garn’s lips peeled back in evil grin. "I will be once I get the chance to kick Braxin Balinvain's mousey little ass!"

Chapter 18 - Skarlett Black

"Where exactly are we going again?" Tasha asked Havar, the Lord Chancellor as they rode in the Royal Carriage through the city streets of Southmoor. 

Through the windows Tasha could see the citizens peering at the vehicle as it trundled past. Many people, children especially, waved as they passed. Tasha thought that to be pretty strange. With the windows open, it was easy to tell that she wasn't a member of the Royal Family. And yet they waved. Tasha shrugged and shoved the thought to the side.

Havar smiled patiently at her, as if she were some sort of child that needed coddling. Tasha managed to keep from grinding her teeth too noticeably. "We're going to the Temple, milady," he said in a voice that was just a step shy of condescending. "I am familiar with several of the clerics there, one in particular who has made it a point to investigate the matters of ancient magus and their studies."

"What's his name?" Garn asked from the depths of his dark cowl. He had reverted back to his usual garb and abrupt mannerisms. He seemed even more caustic than was normal for him. Something in the way his eyes glinted at the mere mention of Braxin Balinvain's name suggested to Tasha that he was more than slightly miffed at himself for the way he'd handled the situation two nights previously.

The Lord Chancellor acknowledged the mage congenially. "All in good time, young mage. No need to rush the introductions." He smiled then. "However, I will suggest that once you meet the individual that I have in mind, you won't have a difficult time remembering who he is."

Garn snorted. "Big deal. I never forget a face anyway."

"Garn... " Tasha began warningly before Havar motioned for her to let him handle the situation.

"Is there something disturbing you, young mage?"

He scowled darkly at the Lord Chancellor. "I’ve been right on the verge of confirming the location of this odd mountain from Tasha’s, very close to locking it down. Two days of solid searching. Now I’m suddenly being told that there's a guy that could have just rattled off the location to me has kind of got me a little perturbed."

Havar nodded patiently, going all fatherly again. "I see. And I do apologize for all the potentially unnecessary work that you've put in. However, if my associate had been in the city two days ago, you would have known two days ago. As it is, he only returned from his trip early this morning. I hope that this is..."

"Can it, Havar. I don't want to hear it right now." Garn massaged at his temples, wincing the whole time. "I've got a thunderous headache from all translating work I've done in the last two days. The last thing I need right now is for some Royal flunky like you telling me what to do."

Tasha flushed in embarrassment. She laid a hand reassuringly on the Lord Chancellor's arm. "I'm so sorry for that," she gushed. "I don't know what's come over him today. But I promise you... "

Havar smiled amicably though the look in his eyes was pure steel. "Not to worry dear. I understand how someone of my...  position might be looked down upon by a countryside mage."

Garn glanced up at the elder man. He smirked confidently. "I'm not trying to be disrespectful, Havar. Just don't push me today. That's all I'm saying."

"Garn!"

"Give it a rest Tasha, I've got a splitting headache."

"Fine. Then we'll talk later."

The mage slid a bit deeper into his cloak. "Not if I can help it," he muttered.

They rode the rest of the journey in peaceful, uneventful silence. Tasha for one was grateful. The events of the last two days, while more restful than any she'd had in over a month were hardly stress free. Roughly a dozen individual meetings with everyone from a distraught Lord Timoth –who was understandably taking the abduction of his son Krehgal rather hard - and countless more with Sir Terius, and even some with Havar himself had left Tasha more than a little overwhelmed. Needless to say, the idea of a few however brief moments of quiet were very appealing to her.

Outside of the carriage rode Sir Raviron upon his charger. He wasn't encased in his metallic suit but he seemed even more imposing without it. He was a rather large young man. Hovering nicely at the six feet mark with shoulder length dark hair. His calm blue eyes were very deceiving, seeming to gloss over everything before him while also cataloguing it all. The broadsword sat ready on his hip and there was a small shield resting on the back of his saddle in case of emergency.

On the other side of the carriage rode Tasha's brother Nicodemus. Thankfully his squire Petran was nowhere in sight today. He dressed much the same as his brother knight, also with the broadsword and shield readily available. Tasha thought the necessity of weapons rather...  well, unnecessary. But Sir Terius had decreed that with the events of the last several days, it was better to be safe than sorry. No one could predict what was to happen next with all of the goings on.

A little while later the carriage pulled up in front on the Great Temple of Southmoor. It was an immense, domed building of ancient design and structure. Constructed out of ebony and marble, the Temple stretched high overhead and encompassed an entire city block. The carved steps leading up to the main entrance were carpeted in red and numbered in the dozens. At the absolute top of the steps stood a robed and hooded individual, dressed completely in white.

Nicodemus opened the door to the carriage and assisted Tasha and Havar in their descent. He held out his hand to the mage but cautiously took it back after catching the look on his face. "Sorry about that, Garn," he said cautiously. "Just trying to be polite."

"You and your sister are very much alike," Garn muttered sarcastically. "Both of you have this hang up on 'politeness'. Why, I'll never know." Wordlessly, he folded his arms, tucking his hands into the opposing sleeves and stood impatiently at the base of the stairs. 

Tasha sidled up next to her brother and whispered an apology. "I can't do anything to make him be civil today," she said in a way of elaboration.

Nicodemus grinned wryly. "No big deal. I'm kind of relieved actually."

"How so?"

"Well, with all of the things that have been happening of late, it's nice to see that some things and people are never going to change."

Tasha laughed and hugged her older brother. "I suppose so."

Havar began the ascension of the staircase with Sir Raviron right beside him. Garnthalisbain followed along impatiently while the two siblings straggled along behind them. At the top of the stairs, Havar whispered something to the white robed man. The man nodded and immediately trotted off into the Temple. Garn nodded towards the man questioningly. Havar acknowledged the unasked with a response. "He's just an acolyte, good mage."

Garn made a rude noise. "I knew that," he explained. "I was just curious as to which of the Gods he followed."

The Lord Chancellor got a slightly confused expression on his face. He laughed in personal amusement. "Why, all of them, of course." He laughed again. "Why do you ask?"

Knowing her friend as well as she did, Tasha recognized the look of embarrassed anger settling on the young mage's face. Consequently she burst into the conversation before Garn could drive his foot even farther down his throat. "As you well know, Garn," she began as inoffensively as she possibly could. "There is more than just one God out there controlling the universe." The mage nodded abruptly. "And all of them had an equal part in the Creation. So it would be rude to worship one over the other, right?"

"But there are different factions, aren't there?" Garn asked. "I've heard and read of the sects that worship specific Gods over others."

"They're known as the Priests, Garn." Nicodemus explained. "When a person decided that there is one God that they want to worship over all the others, they give up all of their worldly possessions and desires and devote themselves in mind and body to that God."

Garn was silent for a moment as he went over the new information. "So, that...  'acolyte' you called him. Yeah? Okay, that acolyte simply hasn't yet decided which of the Gods he loves the most?"

Havar nodded. "Exactly. And I must apologize for laughing, young mage. I just found it hard to believe that you were...  unfamiliar with the workings of the church."

Garn shrugged. "I never really cared." Havar gasped in surprise and shock. He shrugged again. "Why should I? They may have created this universe but I have to live in it and control my own destiny while I'm here don't I? And besides, I've got my Power and that's what really important to me anyway."

"How can you even think that for a second Garn?" Tasha interrupted. "The only reason that you're hear in Southmoor is because of the vision, one likely provided by the Gods Above."

The mage shook his head. "That's the reason you're here Tasha. I'm here to keep you out of trouble."

"And you've done an absolutely stellar job of that so far," Nicodemus muttered catching a narrow gaze from Garn.

The acolyte returned just then and motioned for group to follow him. He then turned about and began to purposefully stride throughout the carpeted marble hallways. "This guy doesn't talk much," Raviron mentioned. 

"Vow of silence," Havar explained.

Nicodemus shook his head. "I never understood why someone would voluntarily take one of those."

Havar smiled. "Actually, it was forced upon him."

"Oh?"

The Chancellor nodded. 

Nicodemus shrugged. “Guess it beats cleaning the latrines.”

“Quite.”
 
The path they followed was circular and followed the perimeter of the Temple along its outer wall. On the left was a large set of oaken double doors, they were open. As they passed by, Tasha caught a glimpse of the chapel proper. Plants lined the walls and hung from the ceiling in places giving the whole room and hallway immediately outside a pleasantly perfumed odor. There was no furniture to speak of but that would hardly be a problem for parishioners seeing as how the floor was just sod and grass. There was a skylight above, allowing the sunlight to feed the greenery. In the back was an alter raised above all else in the room. It too was made wholly of oak and was carved elegantly with images that Tasha was unable to make out from the distance. Behind the alter, on the wall was a huge, wooden semblance of a rose bent upon itself, so that the petals touched the stem. It had been expertly painted to resemble the real thing and did just that. With a lighter feeling in her heart, Tasha followed the others vowing to one day get a chance to attend a service in the chapel of the Earth Goddess.

Another set of double doors revealed absolutely nothing, seeing as they were closed. However on the doors themselves were the symbols of each of the Gods Above arranged in a circular fashion. First and at the top of the circle was the bent back rose in its full color. Second was a gleaming bronze disk with golden-red flames surrounding it. The third was a very generic but obviously also animalistic head encircled a nondescript serpent whose tail touched it's nose. Right beside that was the fourth symbol; it consisted of two small iron tridents crossed at the shaft and surrounded by a clear crystal sphere, obviously meant to represent water. And lastly, the fifth symbol consisted of two individual crescents that touched at their tips. the one on the left was golden while the other a pale green.

They stopped before these doors for a brief moment so that the speechless acolyte could sink to his knees and give his silent but heartfelt prayers up to all five deities. Once done, they continued on their way.

At long last, there appeared a doorway on the right side of the hallway. The acolyte proceeded to lead the group down a dizzying series of twisting paths and side passageways that, although all different, managed still to blend in with everything else and end up as a blur in Tasha's mind.

Nicodemus leaned down and whispered in her ear at that point. "Do you have any idea where we are?"

"Hey, this is your city. I'm just the visitor here, remember?" Her brother chuckled and they went on.

Finally they stopped. In front of them was a very large door. There was a symbol of the beast's head and the serpent upon the door, telling all the distinction of the priest inside. the acolyte nodded his shaved head once walked away down the hall without looking back.

Sir Raviron nudged his brother knight in the ribs. "He didn't even say goodbye." Both knights snickered slightly at that rather lame pun as Tasha rolled her eyes in disgust. 

Garn studied the symbol on the door. "A Priest of the God of Beasts?"

Havar nodded once and knocked on the door.

"Come in," beckoned an incredibly deep voice. Havar smiled, opening the door.

The room was large and high-ceilinged. There was very little in the way of furniture save for a couple of ornate chairs and an immense filing cabinet against the back wall. A tapestry hung from the ceiling and draped across yet another wall. It depicted a tale of some sort in which a half-man, half-beast stood atop a great mountain with thousands of creatures all around it. There was a certain calm about the man-beast. Instead of it being deformed or in some way repugnant, rather it was appealing. Even peaceful.

Havar stepped into the room and greeted it's two occupants. The first one was a slender being just below average height. He was dressed from head to toe in dark green clothes with dark brown leather boots, belt and vest with a brown cloak draped over his shoulders. There was yet more leather wrapped around his forearms from the elbow up to and including the palm of his hand, leaving the thumbs free and available. He carried what appeared to be an exceptionally long pole across his back. Tasha could only assume that it was a weapon of some sort, though it seemed far too fragile to be used as a staff. At his waist hung a long sword with an elegantly designed hilt. He stood, holding in one hand a goblet while at his feet rested a large, black wolf.

The man slowly turned his gaze towards the new group of people. Like the rest of his frame, his face was very slender and smooth. Tasha marveled at how clean shaven the man was, much like a young boy's. But his eyes showed great age and experience. The bright blue contrasted sharply with the almost black of his shoulder length hair. Tasha was almost unsettled by the man, for on one hand he had the form and general appearance of a young man. Yet his eyes spoke of someone far older. Then she caught a glimpse of the elongated point of the man's ear when he flicked back a loose strand of hair and suddenly understood.

Beside her, Tasha distinctly heard Garn whisper an oath of surprise. She turned to him, puzzled and saw his gaze fixed on the room's second occupant. At last, Tasha did the same and found herself lose her breath in astonishment.

At first, Tasha believed the second being to be some sort of demon. For it was certainly not human or elven or anything she was familiar with. It stood at roughly seven feet in height on all four of its legs. Unbelievably, the bottom half of the being's body appeared to be that of a rather overlarge lion; complete with tail and all. The fur was very dark in color, almost black. The top half resembled that of a human, with two arms a head and the rest. It wore a modified robe that remained open at the front and trailed down to the knees of his forelegs. Thus giving Tasha a clear view and allowing her to note the exceptional physical health of the being.

His flesh tone was much the same color as the fur, that almost but not quite black shade. The hair on the top of his head was long and flowed down his back like a mane. His face was very strong featured and square-jawed. Just when Tasha thought that she couldn't be surprised any more, she was proven wrong when the being looked directly at her with his deep red eyes. He didn't have any irises, just red and the pupils. 

Needless to say, Tasha found herself rather intimidated.

Havar strode right up to the both of them and shook their hands warmly, having a brief, muffled conversation with them both. Garn leaned over to her at that point and whispered in Tasha's ear. "I owe the Chancellor an apology. I don't think that I'll ever forget meeting this guy."

The Lord Chancellor cleared his throat, regaining the attention of his followers. "Milady Tasha? Garnthalisbain? May I introduce to you at this time to my friends and associates, Tamariel Wolfrunner." He said, motioning to the elf who nodded minutely. "And of course, the person I wanted you to meet, Skarlett Black, Priest of Arixeas and Cleric."

The big creature chuckled deeply. "Just Skarlett will be fine."

The elf finished off the remainder of his goblet and handed it to his friend. "Thank you for the wine, Skarlett. But I really must be off. We've been away for months and that is far too long for me to be leaving my forest unattended. I must return to it."

Skarlett shook his hand, engulfing it in one of his own. "Of course my friend. I understand. Thank you again for journeying with me, your company was much appreciated as always."

He nodded once again. "Of course." Then he snapped his fingers and whistled sharply. "Up, Midnight. Up." The wolf at his feet soundlessly rose to its feet and patiently waited. The elf shook Havar's hand again. "It's good to see you, we'll have to get together. Soon."

Havar smiled. "Certainly, Tamariel. The next time you're in town, look me up. I'll be in the usual place." The Lord Chancellor winked.

"J.J.'s?" Tamariel asked, a very slight smile spreading across his thin lips. Havar nodded. "I'll be there." He turned to Tasha and the others and nodded one last time. "A pleasure," he said and then walked out of the room with an exceptionally athletic grace. His wolf silently padded along behind him.

Skarlett Black turned to regard the people before him with a smile on his lips. "All right, let's get down to business." He turned about and placed the goblet on top of the filing cabinet and opened the bottom shelf with his right forepaw. He reached down then and fiddled with the files before drawing out the pages he was looking for. Smiling at his guests, he gestured towards the empty chairs. "Please, sit."

Tasha and Havar both accepted the invitation while the knights chose to stand guard at the door. Garn just leaned against one wall and studied the cleric curiously.

"The Book of Korum, correct?" Skarlett’s voice rumbled. Tasha nodded. The man-lion smiled again. "Well you are certainly in luck, young lady. I know exactly where you can find said tome."

Tasha sat bolt upright in her chair, unable to believe her good fortune. "Really? Where is it?"

Skarlett Black chuckled softly then beginning to pace about the large room. "That's where the problem begins," he said.

Garn sighed impatiently. "Let me guess," he began sarcastically. "It resides 'where no man may tread without fear of his or her life', or some other mythological garbage. I've been reading passages like that for two days."

"Essentially, yes" the cleric continued, still smiling faintly. "You see, the Book of Korum resides in a chapel at the very peak of the Dragon's Tooth."

Havar groaned and hid his eyes with one hand while Garn stared incredulously at Skarlett. Tasha however was woefully ignorant but wasn't too terribly afraid of letting everyone know that at this point. "Great," she began cautiously. "Just one question...  What's the Dragon's Tooth?"

Skarlett nodded patiently. "That young lady what we in the Pridelands have called our sole mountain for centuries." Seeing that Tasha was still rather lost, he elaborated. "I and the rest of my Wemic brethren have lived and ruled the great expanse of plains to the west of Southmoor for millennia. We have referred to them as the Pridelands."

Tasha nodded her head, cursing inwardly her lack of geographical training outside of her local regions.

"Near the very center of those plains is an immense mountain. There are no foothills or any other such protrusions in the crust, just the mountain. We have called it the Dragon's Tooth ever since the Prides all joined together to crush the cult of the Dragon, which made its residence in a temple at the mountain's summit."

Garn cleared his throat. "I'll tell you about the Dragon Cult another time Tasha. Right now, I want to know what the Book of Korum's doing up there! The last I'd been able to learn was that the archmage Korum had taken it with him out to sea and drowned with it."

The cleric shook a finger at Garn pointedly. "Not quite. While Korum did die out at sea, he made a visit to the Pridelands first. He applied for and received special permission from the Council of Seven to ascend the mountain and leave the book there."

"Why?"

"Korum claimed that he could no longer even trust himself with the knowledge his Book contained. So he hid it in the one place he could think of that few would be able to access. Even so, he placed a warding spell upon it. Whereby, only one that is 'pure of heart' may take hold of the tome and remove it from its warding."

Garn snorted rudely. "Who defines purity of the heart, anyway?"

Skarlett just shrugged. "Verily, it is a mystery."

Tasha paused to think over the whole situation. "So what you're saying," she began, wanting to make sure she had everything all worked out. "Is that we have to do is go to the Pridelands, find this mountain and climb it. Then find a way to remove the Book from its ward?"

The cleric winced slightly. "Not quite."

"What, there's more?" Garn exclaimed incredulously.

Skarlett Black nodded. "First you'll have to get permission from the Council of Seven to even approach the Dragon's Tooth."

"Two questions," Tasha said, chewing on her lower lip. "One: what the hell for? Two: what's the Council of Seven?"

Skarlett chuckled softly, the deep tones reverberating throughout the room. "To answer in reverse order, the Council of Seven consists of the elected leader of each of the Prides. They act as a group coalition and make the decisions that affect the whole of the Wemic population. The reason for this is that we wemics are nomads with no set cities or anything of the like. We travel in our Prides following the herds and raising our young. So whenever there is a matter that concerns us all, the Seven gather at the Trisagonal. That is the only thing we in the Prides have that resembles a city. Trading post would be more accurate in describing it. 

"The Trisagonal is within a half days journey from the Dragon's Tooth and that is where all conventional roads or paths end, leaving nothing but the plains. The reason that you need to speak with the Seven is because since we drove the Dragon Cult away from the mountain, it has been considered a place filled with a powerful evil. Consequently, they are very selective about who gets to approach the monolith."

All were silent for a brief moment. "Couldn't we just pass by this Trisagonal altogether and approach the mountain from another side?" Garn asked.

Skarlett shook his head. "Not a chance. There is a constant patrol of the mountain by members of each Pride working in unison. You would never reach the Tooth before being run down."

Tasha rose from her seat. "Well, I guess that we'll just have to convince the Council of Seven that keeping the most powerful wizard of all time from returning to this world is kind of important."

"That won't help," Havar said suddenly, speaking for the first time since the introductions. 

"How so?"

Skarlett smiled at the mage. "Because not one of the Seven speaks the common tongue." He turned to his friend then. "I know now why you had me personally tell them of this, Havar. You couldn't find it in you to ask me this favor."

Havar flushed slightly with a slightly guilty look on his face. "How could I my friend? You have just returned from your life quest and have had no chance to rest whatsoever. I just didn't have the heart."

The cleric chuckled again. "I understand and appreciate your concerns, Havar. They will be duly noted."

"Hold it!" Garn burst out with a look of death in his flashing green eyes. He slowly pointed an accusing finger at the Lord Chancellor and glared viciously. "Do you mean to say, that you knew the location of the Book of Korum even before Skarlett returned?" Havar nodded with a faint smile. Garn took a deep breath before half shouting, "Then why the hell didn't you say something to me?"

Havar shrugged. "I knew that you were to need Skarlett's assistance in the Prideland and I knew he was returning soon, so I held off."

Garn spluttered in rage once or twice. "But...  still!" he blustered.

"And besides," Havar went on mercilessly. "You looked like you were having so much fun with all of your scowls and your constant refusals for help."

Garn wordlessly shoved both his arms up the opposing sleeves and fumed, scowling terribly at the Lord Chancellor who took it all with a beatific smile.

Tasha was still treading water and trying to catch up with the conversation. "So...  this means you're coming with us?" she asked tentatively.

Skarlett heaved a great sigh and looked wistfully about his room before locking his gaze with hers. "Yes," he began. "Provided that you can give me one night to rest comfortably, eat well and relax."

"Done," Tasha said with a beaming smile. "Does noon tomorrow sound good for a departure time?"

The cleric shrugged his human shoulders comradely. "I suppose. I thought we were in a hurry though."

Tasha nodded. "We are. But as of yet, the rest of our party hasn't had much of a real chance to rest yet either."

Skarlett nodded again. "Very well then. " He extended one massive hand to her. She took it and watched her relatively small digits become completely engulfed. "Once again, a pleasure Lady Tasha."

Tasha, amazed by the gentleness of the wemic's grip finally remembered to respond. "Welcome aboard Skarlett."

Chapter 19 - The Last Night in Southmoor

Ceorn looked at the cards before him with a faintly interested look, yawning widely as he did so. He was lounged comfortable in a plush, heavily cushioned chair with one of his feet resting on the table. He scratched absently at his freshly groomed head and dropped his cards face down on the table, tossing a couple of coppers into the pot. "Ah'm in," he drawled, half-drunkenly.

Belching loudly, the tipsy bard placed his pewter mug back onto the table before making a final decision on his cards. He gave them a rather bizarre look for a second or two, then plopped them recklessly down. "Fold," he slurred.

Hal took a gander at Ambori's discarded cards and was forced to agree with the bards decision. All low numbers of different suits. No hand there.

Sir Terius sipped slowly at his wine staring at his cards as if there were nothing else in the world worth his attention. His face was absolutely expressionless, giving absolutely nothing away. Good or bad. Finally, he smiled faintly and tossed in some coins as well. "I see your eight copper," he began before flipping a glittering chit along after its predecessors. "And raise you a silver."

Ceorn whistled softly, a slight grin of amusement on his face. "Ach. It seems as if we have a big spender in our midst, lads."

Terius smiled genuinely. "I hardly think so, Ceorn. This is just a friendly game after all."

"You don't seem the playin' type though, Sir Knight."

He shrugged. "Perhaps not. But when I play, I play to win. Your turn isn't it, Hal?"

"Uhm, yeah," Hal muttered as he stared in open confusion at the cards in his fingers. "Hang on a sec."

As with just about everything else in this world, card games were something that Hal knew frightfully little about. And while he had played them in the past, he could never seem to recall having actually won a game. Be it Fortress Poker or any of the thousand other games that existed. 

In his hand he was holding the five card maximum. Three twos, a king of diamonds and a dragon of flame. Three of anything’s good, right? And while the other cards were the same color, they weren't in the same suit. 

He took another quick look at the remaining players in the game. Ceorn was all lounged and comfortable, exactly the same as he was thirty seconds ago. Sir Terius had fixed his ice-blue, hawk-eyed gaze directly on him and was giving absolutely nothing away. "Do you need more time?" he asked politely.

Hal shook his head swiftly, flopping his pony tail around. "No. Not at all." Crossing his fingers, Hal removed the king from his hand and placed it face down on the table and nodded to Ambori. 
The bard grinned at the big man and wordlessly flipped a new card at him. It slid across the surface of the table swiftly and without any disturbance. Hal picked it up and added it to his hand with his eyes closed. After a couple of seconds he peeped at it and sighed.

"Are you foldin', lad?" Ceorn asked with a knowing smile.

Hal sighed again. Then he met Terius' bid and lowered his cards to his lap. "Nah. I'll see this through."

Ceorn shrugged. "If you wanna." He took a new card himself after meeting the knight's bid. One eyebrow twitched slightly, as if wanting to raise up in thought. But he held it back. And while Terius didn't move, Hal knew that there was no way that those hawk-eyes missed such an obvious sign.

"So, Hal," the kelt asked as he placed his new bet. "How're you and Renora gettin' along?" Ceorn winked broadly and gave a wide smile. "She seems mightily stuck on you."

Ambori laughed after taking another draught from his mug. "I'll say. After meeting you she even turned me down. Can you believe it?" The bard smiled broadly, picked up his lute from the floor and absently began to strum a few notes.

Hal felt a slight stirring of awkward discomfort deep in his gut. "I didn't … if you’re interested in Renora I can … Uhm …."

I can what? Seriously, what can you do?

Ambori looked at him strangely. "I was just kidding, Hal. I mean, I did try to get friendly with her, but she clearly wasn’t interested. No big deal."

Terius studied his cards absently, regarding Hal out of the corner of one eye. "You almost sound as if you'd like her to find interest in someone else, Hal."

Hal shifted uncomfortably. "Well, not really," he said. He clumsily toyed with the cards in his big fingers. "I mean...  It all happened so fast. I was lonely for so long, afraid I'd always be that way. And then...  There she was."

Terius nodded knowingly. "I see what you mean."

"Yeah...  And then Renora came along."

Terius blinked. "I beg your pardon?"

Ceorn laughed seeing the look of confusion on the knight's face. "You see, Sir Terius. Hal has been with Lady Tasha for many years now. And in that time he's come to think of her in terms rather flatterin'. If'n you know what I mean."

Realization flooded the knight's face as Hal stared at the kelt in amazement. "How did you know?" he exclaimed. 

Ceorn snorted. "Please, Hal. That torch you’re carryin’ for Tasha’s as big as yer axe."

Ambori spoke up from his end of the table. Strangely he was flushed in embarrassment. "Don't feel too bad, Hal," he began slowly, not wanting to meet the big man's gaze. "I hadn't noticed."

Sir Terius clapped a hand on one of Hal's broad shoulders. "So, what are you going to do about your rather...  unusual situation?"

Hal sighed. "There’s something I can do?"

Terius looked at his cards as if remembering that he was still holding them and absently raised the ante again. "Would you like some advice, son?"

He shrugged and looked down at his bizarre arrangement of cards again. Now instead of a king of diamonds, he was stuck with the three of moons. Equally useless. With a flick of his fingers he tossed it away. "I guess so," he said.

"What you should do, Hal," Terius began, leaning one elbow on the table. "Is try to forget about Lady Tasha." Hal started to protest but had to catch the card that was thrown at him. He glanced at it with a look of confusion before placing it in his hand. " Forget about Tasha and look at what you've got. Renora is a very lovely young woman who seems to be very obvious in her attentions towards you. She's everything that you could hope for."

Hal threw his bet into the pot. "And if she isn't?"

Terius laughed. "Gods, Hal! You're young, barely even twenty unless I miss my guess. You don't have to find the perfect woman on your first try. The Gods know I sure didn't!" Then he abruptly lowered his voice and swiftly glanced around the room. "Although, you don't need to go spreading that around or anything."

Ceorn broke in with a deep throated chuckle. "You wouldn't want the missus to know about all his conquests when you were was a young lad, eh?"

Terius knuckled his mustaches almost abashedly and smiled faintly. "Precisely."

Ambori strummed loudly on his lute for a brief second. "Gentlemen, please note that you can no longer draw new cards. This is the last round, make your final bets if you would please."
Ceorn looked at the bard with a wry smile. "Suddenly, ah feel like I’m in in a casino or somethin’."

The bard gave a mock bow. 

All three men took one last look at their hands. Hal found himself having trouble concentrating on the cards, his mind was just too cluttered with his thoughts about the women in his life. He had already come to the decision that Terius had suggested but was having trouble implementing it. It would just be so much easier if it didn't seem like Tasha actually had some feelings for him as well. The night of the ball, Hal knew that...  something was going to happen. 

It just … I didn't get the chance. 

Renora would call it fate, Hal thought. Of course, she says that about everything I seem to do when she's around.

At that moment, a pair of cool, slender hands covered his eyes. Hal nearly dropped his cards in shock. He'd been so preoccupied with his thoughts that he hadn't heard anyone approach. "Guess who?" Renora's voice said right into his ear. 

"Uhm...  Queen Teixiara?" Hal asked, proving once and for all that he did indeed have a sense of humor. 

"No, silly," Renora laughed, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek. "Are you almost done playing? Seranna and I were wondering if you were ever going to get some sleep."

Lady Seranna came into Hal’s view, leaning heavily on the arm of Terius' chair. The knight looked up at his wife and smiled. "Are the children in bed?"

"They're just waiting for you to tuck them in, dear," she said with an odd look in her eyes. 

Suddenly, Terius was all eager to get the game over with. "All right, gentlemen. This will unfortunately have to be my last hand. Shall we get on with it?"

Ceorn smirked slightly, as if holding back a comment as he threw in several coins. "Two silver."

Terius gave the kelt an impressed look. "That must be some hand," he remarked. 

The kelt smirked.

The knight fiddled with cards before him slightly. Then he tossed in his bet. "See your two, raise you three."

Hal goggled at the knight in astonishment. "Seven silver!" he exclaimed, gathering puzzled stares from everyone in the room.

Renora leaned down again and whispered in the big man's ear. "Five, Hal. Five silvers."

Hal flushed a bright red and slowly redid the calculation on his fingers.

Terius grinned softly. " So long as you get it right when you place your bet."

Hal took one last look at his cards and shrugged, throwing the correct number of coins into the pot. Ceorn followed suit and called the pot. Then he turned over his cards for all to see. 

"Two pair," Terius commented with a confident smile as Hal's heart sank a bit. "Not bad. I knew you were bluffing though." With a flourish, he turned over his cards as well. 

Ambori whistled. "Oh, you were just packing the big weapons too, weren't you Sir Terius?"

Seranna laughed softly. "Oh you big tough man you with those three fives."

"They may not be much," Terius said with a smile. "But they get the job done."

"Now where have I heard that before?"

"Seranna... "

"What have you got, Hal?" Renora asked. "Going by the look on your face, it doesn't seem like much.

Hal shook his head softly. "Nah, Terius beat me. It doesn't matter now." then seeing the look that Ceorn gave him, he sighed and flipped over his cards. "I just got these three twos, a dragon and this silly looking card." Ceorn began to smile as Terius looked at Hal's cards in dismay. 

"Hal," Ambori began. "That 'silly looking card' is a Jester."

"Really? What's it worth?" 

"Whatever you want it to be worth, lad. It's a wild card."

Hal looked at his cards with new understanding. "You mean, I could say this card was another two, and it would be?" Ceorn and Ambori nodded. "Oh. Well, then it's another two."

Terius stood up with a rueful shake of his head. "Congratulations, Hal." Hal was so surprised he just took the hand and shook it without saying anything.

Renora looked at the kelt in confusion, seeing that he was still smiling broadly. "Why are you so happy, Ceorn? You just lost a bunch of money, didn't you?"

Ceorn shook his head with a smile and took a sip of his own ale. "Nope. I loaned Hal the money to play. So all that there cash, is mine. Thanks, Hal. Another game?"

Hal shook his head. "No thanks. I'd better get some sleep."

Ambori laughed. "Yeah, right. Sleep. Good night Hal. Terius. Ladies." He switched chairs so that he was facing the kelt. "All right Ceorn, deal me in."

Terius and Seranna led Hal and Renora up the main staircase to the guest rooms. The whole way, Renora leaned on Hal's arm, her favorite resting post, while Seranna did much the same with her husband.

They reached an intersection in the hallways. Terius turned to face Hal. "A good game that." Hal shrugged. Terius extended his hand again. Once again, Hal took it. "If I don't get the chance to speak to you tomorrow son, good luck." Seranna and Renora gave each other a quick, friendly hug and had a brief, whispered conversation.

"Thank you," Hal said, feeling somehow inadequate.

Terius released Hal's hand and made room for his wife. Seranna wrapped her arms around the big man's torso and gave him a gentle hug as well. Not knowing what to do, Hal gently pat her on the back like he would one of the twins. Seranna stepped up on her toes and whispered into his ear then. "Come back safe, for Renora's sake if nothing else." Then she stepped back, smiled and took her husband's arm again.

"Good night," he said then led his wife away down the hall.

Renora took his arm once again and started leading him to their rooms. I really didn't need to hear that just now, Hal thought to himself.

Stopping in front of the doors to Renora's room, she released his arm and looked up at him expectantly. He stared blankly back down at her. She motioned with her head towards the door. Realization kicked in and Hal understood. With all the gentlemanly grace that he could muster, Hal opened the door for Renora and stepped back. Gesturing for her to enter the room.

Renora laughed aloud and shook her head with a smile, covering her eyes with one hand. "Oh, you big dummy come here," she said as she gripped the front of his new blue shirt with both hands. She pulled Hal close and softly, passionately kissed him. 

Hal was reasonably shocked. While he and Renora had become remarkably close in the last few weeks and she had kissed him many times...  This, was remarkably different. It seemed as if a fire inside him began to seethe the second Renora’s touched his. Off in the back of his mind, Hal told himself that he should stop this, that it wasn't fair to either of them.

Maybe you should shut the hell up for just one second.

Letting reflex take over, Hal circled his arms around Renora's comparatively slight frame, cradling her head with one hand and supporting her back with the other. She released his shirt and did the same, wrapping her arms tightly around his upper body as far as she was able. 

The two stumbled into her room, the door swinging shut with a soft click. Hal could feel Renora's hands fiddling with his pony tail, finally removing the leather thong holding it in place. With relief, Hal felt his hair beginning to settle back into its more comfortable position.

Renora tried to lead Hal in a certain direction and he followed as best he was able, considering that his eyes were almost closed and he couldn't really see where he was going. At one point, he got the both of them all turned around and he was suddenly walking backwards. Finally, Hal grunted in pain as something solid hit him in the back of his knees and knocked him off balance. Unable to regain solid footing, Hal tottered and fell over dragging Renora with him. She let out a shrill little screech as they fell. 

Realizing that he was feeling no real pain, Hal opened his eyes and saw that he had simply stumbled onto a plush sitting couch with wooden arm rests. Renora lay on top of him and was giggling softly. After catching his breath and making sure that they were both all right, Hal chuckled a bit as well. 

Renora slowly closed the gap between their lips, whispering "Oh, Hal," as she did so.

At that moment, the little voice in the back of Hal's rather cluttered mind decided to throw in his two copper's worth. 
	
How many times has someone else said those words to you?

Hal froze as Renora pressed her lips to his once more. He could feel her acknowledge his change in attitude. He could feel the hesitation in her suddenly timid touch.

You really are an oaf, aren’t you?

With extreme reluctance, Hal placed his hands on Renora's shoulders and gently pushed her away. She gazed down at him, slightly puzzled and more than a little hurt. "What? What is it? Did I do something wrong?".

Hal swallowed nervously and tried to slide out from under her and sit up. He succeeded, though she never released her hold on him. "I'm sorry," he whispered in a hoarse voice. "But I...  I can't do this."

Renora forced a throaty chuckle and leaned against him. "Don't be so self-conscious. Trust me, you're doing fine."

"No, that’s not what I …." Renora glanced up at him, her eyes very wide. "Please, don't get the wrong idea. I'm very...  I’m honored that you care this much about me. That you think this much of me. I just...  I can't do this." He paused. "At least not right now."

Renora turned her face away to hide the tears forming in her eyes. "Why not?" she asked softly. "Is it me? Do you not...  Is it because of how we met? How I was … How we were … Hurt by …"

I’ve never wanted to kill a man twice before. But for what those animals did to Renora and the others …

The pool of rage that swelled in the pit of Hal’s stomach gave him pause. Prone to violence and quick to action he may well be, but the level of venom that raged just beneath the surface over how poorly those women were treated was a new thing for Hal. One that he could not express.

Hal shook his head firmly and caressed her cheek with one of his big hands, gripping both her hands tightly with the other. Reassuringly. “What happened that day was not your fault. The strength you’ve shown since then has been amazing.” He traced a weapon calloused thumb over the back of her knuckles. “You are one of the strongest people I know.”

“So why … Why won’t you be with me? Am I not good enough?’

“Gods no,” Hal felt the pit in his stomach sink even deeper, swallowing built up rage in a torrent straight down. “Renora, I’m not good enough for you.”

“You are!” Renora repositioned herself on the couch, sitting on her knees and taking his face in both her hands. “You are kind. And strong. And noble. And I …” she paused, holding something back. Her lips pursed as she formulated her thoughts. “And I want you to know, before you leave me – possibly to never return – just how much I care about you.”

Hal tried to avoid her eyes, but her grip on his face made that impossible.

“Renora, I am so confused.”

“About what? About me?”

“Yes. Well, no not you. About me and you. It’s …” Hal wanted to throw his hands up in sheer frustration. “Gods, I care for you very much. It's just...  " He took a deep breath. "I just think that we're moving too...  fast with this. I've never had anyone...  care about me before. And given how we met, and how easy it would be to take advan .. advance … no … “ Hal closed his eyes firmly. 

You idiot. 

“I don't want to hurt anybody, Renora."

She smiled as a single tear broke free from her welled up eyes and rolled down her cheek. He brushed it away with his thumb leaving a big wet smear across her face. "And by doing this, you're not hurting me?" Renora squeezed his face to let him know that she was mostly kidding.

"This is so hard for me. I don't want to hurt you at all.” Hal met her eyes with a very serious expression. “But, I'll hurt you less if I get sorted out before anything...  signi...  singlef... "

"Significant?"

Sigh.

"Thank you...  happens between us. And while I want to continue with all of this...  I don't want to hurt you that much more if I find out that I don't...  "

Renora closed her eyes and nodded her head in understanding. " 'Love me back'. I get it, big guy." She sniffled and tried to make her smile broader. She almost succeeded. "I really get it. In a way, that's one of the reasons I care about you so much." Another tear rolled free. "You're so protective of those you care about, that you'll even protect them from yourself."

Hal had nothing to say in addition to that. 

With great reluctance, he rose to his feet. Renora stood with him and led him to the door. She silently wrapped her arms about him one last time. "I wish I was going with you," she whispered. "But I'd just be in the way, I know that. You guys are the adventurers. I'm just the comic relief."

Hal frowned slightly. "No, that's why we have Ambori."

Renora laughed again and pulled him close one last time. "Please come back alive," she said, so silently that she almost strained to hear it. "I don't know what I would do if you didn't."

Hal's face fell slightly. "You'd move on and find yourself a man worthy of you, Renora."

Wordlessly she looked up at him, about to admonish him. Then she seemed to push it aside as she stretched up to gently kiss him one last time. When they pulled away, she spoke again that softly. "I’ve already found him."

No more words.

Hal quietly opened her door and stepped through, pausing to take a look back over his shoulder at her. Renora stood there just looking at him with tears rolling down her flawless face and her dark hair a bit mussed up.

He nodded once in farewell and closed the door before she could respond, afraid that he wouldn’t have been able to leave had she said anything more.

Hal walked on down the hall to his own room and his own bed.

He reached the door to his room and paused with his hand on the handle, resting his forehead on the cool wooden frame. He took several deep breaths and ran his fingers through his long hair. Off in the distance Ceorn and Ambori were drunkenly making their way up to their rooms and likely waking every member of the castle with the ruckus.

"Hal?" a woman’s voice called. 

Hal winced, afraid that it was Renora again. Afraid that she was about to lure him off his moral precipice and back to her chambers.

He turned slowly, trying to formulate a counter argument with his limited vocabulary.

Not Renora.

Tasha.

She was standing in the open doorway to her room immediately across the hall from him. Her hair was hanging loose over her shoulders and was apparently getting ready for bed. With the light behind her, it appeared as if she was glowing in an ethereal sort of way. 

"Is everything all right?" Tasha asked, honest concern in her voice.

Unconsciously Hal fixed his posture and straightened his shoulders. Hal nodded his head. "Yes, milady. Why? Did you hear something?"

"I just heard a door open and some voices. I was wondering who it was." She peered a bit more closely at the big man and noticed the strain around his eyes. "Are you sure everything's all right? You look...  frazzled."

"I'm fine, milady. Nothing a good night's sleep can't cure."

"Liar."

"Huh?"

"I called you a liar," Tasha said, stepping into the hallway to peer up at him. Hal tried to ignore how good she looked in her night gown as her amber eyes focused on him unwaveringly. "There is something wrong and you just don't want to tell me what it is." Hal glanced from side to side. She prompted him with one hand. "So, what is it? Spill it out."

Hal's mouth was suddenly dry. So many things that he wanted to say rushed through his head, but he had no energy left to say them. 

"I appreciate your concern, milady,” Hal’s voice was hardly more than a whisper. “But I am fine.”

Tasha stared at him concernedly with a very odd look in her eyes. "Are you sure?" she asked. "Don't worry about me. If you want to, we can talk about … About whatever you want."

Hal shook his head very slightly. "No thank you, milady. Another time perhaps."

Tasha looked almost disappointed by his response. "Well, if you change your mind … just let me know. I'll be up for most of the night anyway, Hal." She gave him that odd look again.

Hal nodded once. “Good night, milady.” He opened the door to his room and closed the door behind as she was still offering her evening dismissal to him.

Hal staggered over to his dresser and removed his shirt, placing it atop the shelf. It smelled like Renora’s perfume. 

He caught his reflection in the floor length mirror nearby and studied himself up and down. All hairy and covered with thick, lumpy muscles. Barrel chested with monstrous hands and feet. 

"What could any woman see in me," he muttered, turning away and collapsing in his bed.

Two hours later, exhausted as he was and knowing how long the journey ahead of them would be, Hal was frustrated to realize that for the first time in his life he had too much on his mind to fall asleep.

Chapter 20 - Ceremony and Departure

"Well?" Ambori inquired brightly as he reached the bottom of the staircase. "How do I look?"

Dressed in a brand, spanking new outfit (consisting primarily of bright orange pantaloons, a flamboyant pink shirt with bright red sleeves and boots, a yellow cape and vest) Ambori pranced about in a neat little pirouette and doffed his bright yellow hat with the long white plume. The big smile on his face showed that he was rather proud of his new threads.

The look of shock on the faces of Hal, Ceorn and Garn showed that they were rather put off by the bard's total lack of taste.

Garnthalisbain was the only one not rendered speechless by the painful aural display. "You look like a walking bonfire."

Ambori bowed respectfully to the mage and whipped out his lute from some hidden fold in his cape, playing a quick riff upon it. "Why thank you. I'm so glad that you like it."

Hal glanced from side to side. "I don't think we do," he said, confused by the bard's response.

Ambori shrugged. "That's okay. I wasn't really asking to see if you cared. I just wanted to see the looks on your faces." He smiled and began to quietly play one of the songs he'd learned at the ball.

Ceorn sighed and loaded yet another bundle up onto their new cart. "Well, so much for any chance of a stealthy-like approach."

Hal took the large bundle from the kelt and placed it in with the rest of their new equipment. "You can say that again." He grunted with surprise as he took the next parcel. It was large and irregularly shaped. It rattled slightly when he shook it. "What's in this one? Lead?"

Ceorn laughed. "What? Are you sayin’ you don't think you can carry that one?"

Giving the smaller man a blank look, Hal casually flipped the heavy parcel up onto one shoulder and easily placed it in one of the few remaining empty spots in the cart. "I was just curious. It didn't look that heavy."

Hopping easily up into the flatbed cart, Ceorn chuckled, the breath steaming out of his mouth in the moderately chilly winter air. "Never judge a book by its cover, Hal."

Garn knew his large friend so well that he could visibly see Hal pause, remind himself that Ceorn wasn't really talking about a book and changed his next question from: "What does that have to do with the parcel I just lifted?" to:

"Fine, then what's in it?"

Ceorn shrugged. "Beats me. Probably some extra metal for fixin' armor and the like."

It was as if a light suddenly went off in the back of Hal's head. His eyes opened wide and a twisted grimace spread across his open, youthful face. "Armor?" he asked.

"Yeah, armor," Ceorn repeated. Giving the big man a strange look. "Why do you ask?"

Hal pursed his lips in what Garn found to be a very humorous expression, nearly bursting out in laughter. "Oh, no reason," Hal said.

"You did remember to get fit for your own set of armor, didn't you?" Ceorn asked. Hal refused to meet the kelt's gaze, choosing instead to examine the luminous beauty of the aquamarine colored sky oh so high above. Ceorn covered his eyes with one hand, shaking his head with dismay. "Please tell me 'at ye at least brought along a shield for yourself." At that, Hal adamantly shook his head. Ready to explode, Ceorn grabbed the big man's shoulders and burst out. "Why in the hell not?"

Hal placed one hand on his friend's chest to calm him down. "I wasn't trained on how to use one," he explained. "All the weapons I know need both hands for it to be effect...  affectu...  right."

Ceorn took a deep breath and came back under control. "All right, lad. I’m not tryin' to question your bravery 're anythin'. I just wanna make sure you know what you’re doin'."

Hal shrugged, a distant look in his eyes. "Yeah. Me too."

Hearing the footsteps of more people descending the stairs, Garn turned to see the young twin Nichos led the way down the stairs as fast as his stubby little legs could take him. He called out Hal's name with a smile and waved frantically when the big man looked up at him. Seranna came next with the boy's sister Nicalla in her arms. Both twins had really taken a liking to Sir Terius and his family, so much so that they had no problem staying in their custody until the situation over their mother’s health became resolved - one way or another. 

Last down the stairs was Tasha alongside her brother Nicodemus. He was dressed conservatively in his standard uniform, ready to slip into his armor suit and go on patrol. Tasha had a new outfit consisting of close-fitting gray denim slacks and dark leather riding boots. A thick, bleached white woolen pullover with a neckline that reached the bottom of her chin; a dark leather vest and a long, gray cape. Her shortsword was at her waist and she had tied back part of her hair while choosing to let the rest hang free. Giving it a sort of half ponytail. 

Garn just shook his head out and ran his fingers through his thick, past shoulder length dark hair. I've always preferred the more natural look for myself, he thought with a smug grin e.

Ambori hopped adroitly in front of the new arrivals and drew an elegant, bucket-hilted rapier from its scabbard with a flourish. He bowed deeply before the new arrivals and saluted with his blade, grinning like an idiot. "Good day, ladies. A pleasure to see you today."

Tasha just looked him up and down and gave him a dirty look. "What did you do," she asked. "Dress in the dark?"

Ambori opened his mouth to try and mount a comeback but Garn delivered the scathing line: "What difference would that have made?" before Ambori could say a word. This, consequently, left him standing there in front of the ladies with his mouth wide open and an expression of absolute desolation on his face.

Tasha pat him gently on the cheek and walked past him. "Close your mouth, Ambori," she said over her shoulder. "You wouldn't want to kill anyone with that breath of yours." There was an audible click as the defeated bard snapped his mouth shut. 

Garn smiled happily. It was barely noon and his day had already been made. 

Nichos was up in his usual place high on Hal's shoulders, jabbering away and smiling. Subtly, Garn smiled again at the sight after making sure that no one was looking of course. While he would never admit it to anybody, Garn had a soft spot for little kids, and after all that the twins had been through in the last couple of weeks, it did the mage's heart good to see them happy and able to enjoy being kids again.

Lady Seranna stepped up next to the mage and lowered the girl, Nicalla to the ground. Nicalla looked up at the mage curiously. Not realizing what he was doing, Garn looked down at the little person with the smile still on his face. Then he abruptly dropped the smile and glared down at the child. "What?" he snarled. Nicalla jumped and huddled next to Seranna, hugging his skirt.

"That wasn't a very nice thing to do, Garn," Lady Seranna admonished with an unusual disapproving look on her face. 

Suddenly feeling bad but unwilling to admit to it, Garn stepped forward and looked the Lady right in the eye with a very slight grin on his face. "Yeah, I guess so," he said while at the same time slipping a sweetmeat from one of his many pouches and giving it to little girl. She accepted it with a little squeal and munched on it ferociously as Garn stepped away, ruffling her hair playfully as he did so.

"We're packed up and ready to go, Tasha," Ceorn called out, interrupting her conversation with Nicodemus. "Where's this new friend of yours? We can get underway as soon as he gets here."

Tasha frowned up at the kelt. "When he gets here, you'll know. Trust me."

"Do you really have to go, Hal?" Nichos asked in a disappointed little voice. He was off the big man's shoulders and was simply just sitting on the cart's ledge. Hal stopped what he was doing and squatted down in front of the boy, nodding his head in a sad affirmative. Nichos began to snuffle just a little bit. "Why?"

Hal ruffled the boy's hair with a smile. "Because I have to."

"Why?" he asked again.

"Because if I don't, there are a lot of people, like you and your sister who might get hurt if I don't," Hal explained. "I don't want that to happen, so I gotta go."

Nichos raised his chin and puffed out his chin. He spoke in as deep a voice as he could muster. "I can take care of myself. You don't need to worry about me or my sister."

Hal smiled. "I'm not worried. That's why I want you to do me a favor while I'm gone." Nichos nodded anxiously that he would. With a very serious expression, Hal leaned in close to Nichos’ face and stage-whispered "I want you to keep an eye on everything here until I get back, okay? I know that there're all these big guys in armor that are going to do that too...  but I'll feel better knowing that you'll be on guard as well."

The boy's eyes widened and a big smile spread across his face as he realized the responsibility that Hal was placing on his frail little shoulders. He nodded again solemnly and promised that he'd make sure that everyone would be kept safe.

Garn shook his head and smiled slightly once again. 

There was the sound of someone clearing their throat. Turning his head, Garn saw that the ebony wemic, Skarlett Black had arrived. 

He was wearing a plain white robe and the symbol of Arixeas, the Beast Lord around his neck. The mane of hair had been meticulously groomed and his tail swished from side to side. Over one shoulder was a large travel pack and around what passed for his waist hung an immense, iron battle mace. 

Both of the children screamed in fright at the four legged man-lion. Ceorn uttered a foul oath of surprise while Ambori was so alarmed that he abruptly stopped playing his lute and scrambled up into the relative safety of the cart. Tasha immediately set about calming the children down while Hal dropped out of the cart and calmly walked towards the wemic, his expression unreadable.

Skarlett Black looked the short distance down and nodded his head politely to the big man. "Greetings," he said in that groundshakingly deep voice of his. 
	
He nodded. "You're the cleric?"

Skarlett nodded. "Indeed." He glanced back at the rest of the party and grimaced with remorse. "I must apologize for alarming the children. I realize my appearance must be somewhat...  frightening."

Hal shrugged. "I suppose. They'll get used to it."

"You don't seem to be alarmed though."

Hal smiled. "I met a wemic once when I was younger. He was travelling across the lands and pointed me in the direction of the Vineyard Grove, saying that I might find assistance there." The big man sighed. "I never got the chance to thank him for that."

The cleric grinned. "I see." He extended one arm and Hal took it, clasping the hand in friendship. "Skarlett Black, Priest of Arixeas at your service."

"Hal of the Vineyard Grove, and not my service." He gestured back over his shoulder. "It would be Lady Tasha's service."

Tasha stepped up next to them then with a sheepish look on her face. "Sorry about all the fuss... " she tried to explain, but Skarlett held up one hand to silence her worries. 

"No need," he began with a smile. "Trust me, I get it all the time." With that, he padded over to the cart and handed his parcel up to Ceorn, who after several more seconds of staring, finally took it and placed it in with the rest of the gear. 

Introductions went out all around. The twins were now permanently huddled next to Seranna and refused to say another word or barely even look at the wemic. Hal tended to their horses, checking to make sure that all of the straps had been tightened and that their bridles set comfortably. Tasha continued to speak with her brother while Ambori and Ceorn tried to get better acquainted with Skarlett.
	
Garn however spent his last few minutes before hitting the road resting against one wall in quiet contemplation. Over the past month of intense travel and exercise, the mage had actually become stronger and more fitter. That wasn't to say that he would ever relish the thought of going on a journey or that he was suddenly free of any and all health risks. But it was safe to say that he was now physically more equipped to deal with such things.

At that moment the Lord Chancellor, Havar led his Queen, Teixiara down the steps. She was gently carrying a small wrapped bundle in her arms. Off a safe distance behind them followed the Queen's retainers and ladies in waiting.

Tasha broke off her conversation with her brother and walked up to the Queen, giving a slightly off balance curtsy, but a curtsy all the same. "Your Majesty," she began. "To what do we owe the honor?"

Queen Teixiara frowned slightly. "There's hardly any need for you to be so formal, Tasha," Her Majesty began, her lips quirking up into a grin. "We're just here to see you safely off on your journey."

Tasha grinned. "Using the Royal 'We', Your Majesty? I thought that you didn't want to be so formal?"

Teixiara laughed and shifted the bundle in her arms. "I'm not. Of course I am including Our distinguished Lord Chancellor," Havar bowed slightly, a humorous expression on his face. "And I also wanted you all to meet the youngest Prince of Southmoor." At that point, Teixiara unfolded the top part of the blankets and revealed the sleeping face of a curly blond baby boy.

All were careful not to make too much noise, but it was all for naught when Prince Terran's gray-green eyes blinked open and, upon seeing all of the strangers about him, he began to cry.

Seranna smiled knowingly as Teixiara tried in vain to calm the child down. "The first is always the hardest," she informed her Queen.

Teixiara grimaced, lines of weariness appearing on her face, the only visible sign of her fatigue. "I keep telling myself that," she said.

Hal stepped forward with Nichos and Nicalla in his arms. They soon forgot their fear of Skarlett and became enthralled at the sight of the crying babe. Both 'oohed' and 'awwed' at the Prince, pointing with their stubby fingers.

"Were we ever that small?" Nicalla asked at one point.

Hal pretended to think about it for a moment, then he glanced at her out of the corner of his eye and nodded. "I think so," he whispered conspiratorially.

"Were you ever that small?" Nichos asked Hal with a big grin on his open face.

Again, he pretended to think about it, eyeing the baby up and down, looking way down at his feet. He shook his head as he looked at the boy. "I doubt it." Both of the twins began to giggle.

At the Queen's suggestion, Hal lowered the twins to the ground as she did with the young prince. Very quickly, Nichos and Nicalla began to make faces and funny noises at Terran, trying to make him smile.

"You seem very good with children, Hal," the Queen commented. "When you get done with your journey, would you like to act as one of the members of the Nursery?" she laughed then at her own joke.

Hal thought about it for a moment or two then smiled. "Well, I don't know... " he began. "It would depend, but I'd like to. I really like kids...  we understand each other."

Garn clapped one hand up high on Hal's shoulder and smirked. "I always said he had the mind of a child."

Ambori laughed. "That's for sure," he said, trying to regain some sense of dignity after the intense verbal drubbing it had taken.

However, Garnthalisbain had no intention of letting that happen. "Better the mind than the fashion sense, bard-boy." Ambori once again found his jaw swinging somewhat freely from the rest of his face.

Tasha and Teixiara discussed the details of the journey for a few brief moments. The Queen asking if all of the money, supplies and everything else loaned to them was adequate. Tasha assured her that it all was more than superb.

Seranna looked up to the sky critically. "If you're lucky, this calm weather will hold out for a couple more days. The last thing you want when you make it to the prairies is to be caught there in the middle of a snowstorm."

Tasha nodded. "Garn thinks that it will."

"It better," Hal muttered. Garn cast him a dirty look and Hal spread his hands out in a defensive stance. "Hey, just because I'm the oaf around here doesn't mean I like to freeze!"

Queen Teixiara gazed at the large man with faint disapproval. "Why do you cut yourself down so much, Hal? Do you see some sort of point to it?"

He shrugged. "It's easier to say things about myself than to let someone else do it...  It kinda takes challean...  charng...  the fun out of it for them."

Tasha touched his arm softly. "You don't need to worry about that from us, Hal." Without even saying a word, Hal swung his gaze over to Garn. Tasha amended herself. "Well, at least not from all of us."

"Hey! I've been nice lately! I've even been defending this dumb behemoth for the last few days!" Garn exclaimed, feeling deeply insulted.

Hal sighed at the mage's comment and looked balefully at the Queen. "See?" Teixiara tried not to laugh.

Havar tapped his walking staff on the steps to get everyone's attention. "Forgive my intrusion, but it is now past the noon hour. The sun is at its apex and the warmth it provides will not last for very long."

Tasha nodded her head. "We'd better go," she said before curtsying once again to the Queen. "Thank you again for everything. We will return as soon as we retrieve the Book and then...  " she trailed off, not knowing what they were going to do then.

Teixiara grasped her hand and smiled. "Go with the Gods and Our Grace. Timoth sends his regards but he and Terius are busy in conference, wondering what to do about the advancing armies headed our way." Seranna added her own good wishes on top of that and gave each one of them a brief hug. 

Hal looked down then and grinned slightly. Angling his eyes downwards as well, Garn saw that Baby Terran was slapping repeatedly at Hal's foot, with a big, happy grin on his face. The twins giggled at the sight. Hal squatted down onto the balls of his feet and just stared at the infant. The baby stared right back and elegantly raised his arms, patting at the back of his own head. Hal smiled. 

The twins rushed into Hal's arms for one last hug and he whispered something into both of their ears. Both were once again trying not to cry (and Garn made a note then for future reference, children often experience violent mood swings) as Hal let them go. Then, after receiving the Queen's approval, Hal took up the baby in his arms and stood. It was very amusing to see the tiny baby in the massive arms of the overly large Hal. Terran just stared at him with those bright gray-green eyes of his. Hal smiled. 

"That’s really cute," Tasha commented with a slight smile.

With a small bit of reluctance, Hal handed the prince back to his mother. "Not to seem rude," he said still grinning just a bit. "But His Highness smells a bit ripe. You might want to see if something can be done about that." Both Seranna and Teixiara laughed at that one.

With no further good excuse left for them to stall, they prepared to set out. Ceorn and Ambori mounted the steeds set out for them and got settled in. Ambori still seemed a bit downcast but pulled out his lute and played a song to cheer himself up. Tasha stepped up and swung a leg over the horse set out for her as Skarlett stomped his legs a few times to get the blood flowing, his tail swishing back and forth several times.

Hal gave Garn a polite hand up onto the cart's riding seat before hopping up to sit next to him. Before grabbing the reins he checked to make sure that both his axe and Stormbringer were safely strapped down but easily accessible. Assured that they were, he took up the reins and waited for Tasha's signal to depart. 

Nicodemus watched Hal's check with a concerned look on his face. "I wish that I and some of the others could go with you, Tasha."

Before she could respond, Ceorn, Ambori and Hal all said in unison: "Me too!"

Nicodemus chuckled. "I'm serious though. You take care of yourself out there, sis. I don't want to have to tell Father that I let you die on this journey by not being there to protect you."

Tasha smiled down at her older brother, a tears welling up in her eyes. "I'll be fine, Nico." She leaned down and hugged him close. They shared a brief, whispered conversation before she pulled away, clearing her throat once and swinging her arm forward. "Let's get moving gentlemen. I want to be back here by spring at the latest!"

Ceorn let loose with a keltic war cry while Ambori burst into song. Skarlett shook his head at his new travelling companions and tried not to sigh to audibly. He took position next to Tasha while the kelt and bard took the lead. Hal and Garn brought up the rear with the cart. Behind them they could hear the enthusiastic goodbyes from the twins and the somewhat restrained ones from Seranna and Teixiara. Beyond waving, Havar didn't really seem to notice their passing.

After crossing over the drawbridge, they reached the inner annals of the city. Townspeople gave them some strange looks but respectfully stayed out of their path. There had been many reports of alarm and confusion at the castle from the Southmoorians after the incident with the light and the King had decreed that the people be told as little as possible to keep them from panicking. As it was, they remained muted and calm as the party trotted past.

As they rode Hal glanced over his shoulder on more than one occasion. At first Garn ignored it. But after about the seventh time, the mage became frustrated. "What the hell are you looking at?" he asked.

Hal’s face was subdued. A slow flush spreading across his cheeks. "I just...  I didn't get a chance to say goodbye to Renora this morning.”

“You didn’t get a chance?” Garn’s voice was heavily skeptical.

Hal shook his head, checking over his broad shoulder again.

“All morning.”

He shrugged. “You know. Packing. And stuff.”

Garn sighed and looked back at the castle himself, his keen eyes scanning the walls. He was just about to give up when he noticed the flash of blue-black hair contrasting with the marble-white of the castle's walls. Garn pointed. "Right there, Hal. The second window down from the top on the right tower?" Hal peered at it and nodded. Garn turned his gaze back to the road ahead as the big man tentatively waved. Then he too swiveled back to the front and took to hand the task of steering the cart. 

They rode in silence for long moments. Garn nudged a pointy elbow into Hal’s beefy side. "Hey. Are you going to be okay?"

Hal nodded. "Yeah," he muttered.

"You sure?"

"Not really." 

Garn didn't press him further and settled back into his seat as they began their journey for the Book of the archmage Korum.

Chapter 21 - The Trisagonal

Hal had wintered out in the wilderness a few times in his youth. He had even spent an entire winter inside a cave, using scraps of wood for a meager fire every night and scrounging about for winter stores of nuts and roots for food.

However, that was in no way as bad as a winter on the prairies.

I'd give my right arm for that icy cave about now. Then realizing that his right arm was going numb he began to rub at it furiously to get the blood flowing while chanting softly, "I didn't mean it. I didn't mean it. I didn't mean it."

In the two weeks they had been out on the road, twice they had been forced to stop and dig their way through huge drifts of snow covering their path. One night the temperature dropped so much they had to build a fire inside their tent while cramming every living being inside it, horses and all.

And now, just half a day from the fabled Trisagonal, they could no longer afford to stop.

Garn for one, was nearly unable to take the cold any longer. What had started as a minor chest cold had worsened to disproportionate levels. Skarlett Black did all for him that he could, but he said that there was little for him to do besides pray. That and speed their pace to the Trisagonal, for what the mage really needed was a chance to warm up and relax.

We all could use that, Hal thought wryly. He was huddled together, tightly wrapped up in a huge woolen blanket and leading the cart's horses. Tasha remained on the cart's driver's bench with Garn tucked under a makeshift lean-to. They tried to keep a small fire going in in a brass brazier to keep the mage from freezing. Garn hadn't done much else but sleep for the past few days. Sometimes the only way to know that he was still alive was to have the cleric actually come back and check him out.

Ambori and Ceorn led the way as best they could, blazing a trail through the drifts. It wasn't actually snowing at the moment but there was a strong wind and just enough soft snow to blow across their way and clog the road and wreak havoc with visibility. Hal marveled at the kelt's stamina, not to mention his stubbornness. Even in this veritable wasteland of snow, Ceorn refused to wear anything on his legs but his kilt and his boots. His upper body was completely wrapped in blankets, as was Ambori from head to toe. But he refused when the subject of his legs came up. He kept saying that he was honor-bound not to.

Hal just thought he was being silly.

Ambori on the other hand was remarkably passive. The only side effect of the cold being that he didn't have the energy to talk. 

Small blessing that, Hal thought with a slight smile.

"Something funny?" Skarlett asked in his gravely voice. He was still only dressed in his plain clerics robes and was showing no visible signs of strain from the cold. Not terribly surprising seeing as how he was born and bred to live in this sort of a climate.

Hal shook his head. "Not really." He peered off into the blowing snow and squinted, trying to see anything. Vaguely, he seemed to be able to make out the shapes of, what he fervently hoped, were buildings. He achingly pointed with one frost bitten hand. "Is that it?"

Skarlett squinted briefly and nodded. "Yes. The Trisagonal is not much further. It will not be long before you and your friends will be taken care of."

"I was afraid t'ask before," Hal began tentatively, this was something he'd given a lot of particular thought to and he wanted to make sure that it didn't sound too stupid. "But, I was wondering if we'll have any problem when we reach the Trisa...  this place?"

"Problem?"

A freezing gust of wind tossed ice and snow down Hal's back under the hood. He shivered, feeling the wobbliness in his knees as he responded. "I mean...  Will they treat us with the kind of...  fear and disgust that too many humans do to your kind?"

The wemic chuckled. "Not likely," he said. "There may be a few such bigots , but they will have no say on whether you stay or leave."

" 'Not likely', huh?"

Skarlett shrugged. "Well, I have been wrong before."

Hal sighed ruefully. "I know the feeling."

It's the openness, Hal decided as he weakly shook out his frozen digits. With nothing even resembling a tree or a hill out in the prairies, there's nothing to even slow the wind down. No wonder it's so damn cold!

At that point a figure began lumbering towards the cart with his cloak flapping behind him. "Help!," he cried out with desperation in his voice. "Hal! Skarlett! Help me!"

Skarlett leapt forward and was at Ambori's side in one bound. He reached out and slowed the bard to a stop, trying to calm him down. "Easy there," he soothed. "What's happened?"

"Ceorn!" Ambori panted in a steaming cloud of warm breath. "He's collapsed...  and I...  I didn't have the strength to carry him!"

"Ambori, lead Skarlett back to Ceorn. We'll follow with the cart as fast as we can."

"Climb aboard, Ambori." Skarlett said. Without waiting for a response, the cleric scooped the colorfully dressed man onto his back and took off down the path. 

As much as he hated to do it, Hal flipped the horse's reins and urged them to a greater speed. They were extremely reluctant at first. But with Hal's wheedling, he was finally able to coax them into a slight trot. Hal jogged along with them, glad for the chance to get the blood flowing and to regain some feeling in his lower extremities.

"Hal!" Tasha called out from behind him. "What in the hell are you doing?" She had stuck her head out from the lean-to and was glaring at him angrily.

"Sorry, milady," Hal wheezed. "Ceorn's down, we've got to get to him...  as fast as we can."

Her expression softened a bit. "Fine. Just warn me next time!"

"I'll engrave the invitation myself, milady." Tasha rolled her eyes and went back to Garn.

Ahead of him there seemed to be a small clearing in the snow. As Hal and the cart neared , the clearing was anything but small. Except for the most recent of the blown snow, the road had been meticulously cleaned off. Skarlett Black alone stood at the edge, he waved energetically and urged them on. As they reached the end of the deep snow, Hal sank to his knees and took the brief opportunity to rest. That short jaunt had exhausted him more than he would have thought possible. 

Alarmed, Skarlett padded next to him and sank to his haunches. "Are you all right, Hal?" he asked anxiously, placing his hands beneath the big man's arms and propping him up on his feet.

Hal nodded his head wearily. "Yeah," he panted. "I'll live.”

Tasha dropped out of the cart, taking in the cleared road with an expression of relief. Then seeing Hal hunched over she rushed over to the cleric. "What happened?" she asked. 

Skarlett smiled. "Nothing, he's just catching his breath." 

"Where're the others?"

"There were two of my kind busy clearing the road when I got here," the wemic explained with a vaguely proud look on his face. "Upon seeing the situation, they offered to take both Ceorn and Ambori ahead to the Trisagonal and send back help for the rest of us."

Tasha smiled with relief and very nearly began to cry. "Thank the Gods! This has been hell!"

"I don't think...  Hell would be...  this cold," Hal wheezed.

She gripped his shoulder in support and smiled grimly. "We're not done yet, Hal. We've still got to get the Book."

"Don't...  remind me."

Within minutes a whole troop of wemics came padding out of the blowing snow and assisted the remainder of the party. Four of them relieved the horses of the cart's burden while a fifth led their steeds away. Tasha cautioned their new drivers of Garthalisbain's condition and informed them that they could not travel too quickly. They assured her that they would be cautious. Surprised by his sudden lack of strength, Hal accepted the assistance of two more wemics as they boosted him up into the cart. Within moments the cart was in motion and Hal was fighting the urge to completely collapse. 

"So sleepy," he muttered. "Just a quick nap."

Upon hearing this, Skarlett called to Tasha and had a quick conversation that Hal couldn't make out. Tasha and Skarlett worked together and managed to drag his large frame into the makeshift lean-to. Through his bleary eyes, Hal saw the prone form of Garnthalisbain. His face was waxy in appearance and his breathing was so shallow it was almost imperceptible. Feeling a sudden, almost painful warmth surround him, Hal noted dimly that Tasha had wrapped one of the precious few extra blankets about him. 

She must have been warming it by the fire, he assumed.

Dimly he realized that Tasha had been calling out his name. He tried to answer but it only came out as a weak grunt. Something struck him across the face, he could tell because he was suddenly seeing the tent from a different angle. His flesh was too numb to feel the sting of pain. The scenery changed some more and quite rapidly too, bouncing up and down. Through the warmth of the blanket he could feel the pressure against his shoulders. Suddenly he recognized the dark blur in front of him as Tasha. 

Everything … so fuzzy.

Some time passed. Several pairs of hands pulled him out of the tent and away from the first true warmth he'd felt in days. Someone kept slapping at him though. That and shouting in his ear. He kept trying to tell them that he just wanted to sleep but they ignored him. 

Typical.

He was placed down and the hands went away. It was a lot brighter all of a sudden. And there was something else, a tingling sensation down...  somewhere. Hey, my feet! Hal hadn't felt much from his feet for the last several days, it was like finding them again for the first time.

More hands, poking and prodding at him. Pulling here, pushing there. He weakly tried to roll away, waving his arms minimally and muttering curse words. I want to sleep! he tried to shout, but he couldn't. He shut his eyes only to have them opened forcibly while some bizarre freak of nature peered down into them.

At long last, all the hands went away except for one. It passed across his face gently and ruffled through the two weeks growth of facial hair. Curious, Hal pried open his eyes and blearily saw Tasha looking down at him. He tried to say something but she placed a finger over his lips.

She stayed like that for a little while longer then touched his cheek very softly and leaned down to kiss him on the forehead. "It's all right, Hal. You can sleep now" she whispered.

Hal sighed blissfully and closed his eyes.

*

Tasha could feel the fluttering of her stomach as a definite sense of queasiness. This wasn't supposed to happen, she told herself feeling the urge to cry and having a difficult time getting rid of it. She watched as three wemic clerics surrounded Hal's prone form and began to work on him, trying to get blood flowing through his limbs. 

Realizing that she was in the way, Tasha left the hut and reentered the frozen wasteland. She pressed one hand against her stomach to keep the fluttering down and the other to her lips in a vain attempt to keep her teeth from chattering. No one was supposed to get hurt. We were just supposed to go on a trip and see if this vision was more than some...  bizarre dream. She shook her head, now biting on her lip. 

No one was supposed to get hurt.

A pair of hands grabbed her shoulders from behind. Instinctively she stepped forward and pivoted away, breaking the hold on her and giving herself enough room to fight. To her relief it was only Ambori, although he seemed perturbed by her reaction.

"Sorry," he began nervously, both hands held out before him for her to see. "I was just wondering … Is there was anything I can do to help you out?"

Tasha gazed at him through her watery eyes. "What do you mean?"

The bard looked from side to side cautiously, shrugging his shoulders with a tiny grin. "I mean, you look upset. Is there anything that I can do to help that feeling go away?"

Really?

Tasha shook her head, too weary to be disgusted.

Skarlett came padding over from the medical huts. Eager for news Tasha trotted over and met him halfway. Ambori looked after her in confusion for a moment then followed along.

"How are they?" Tasha asked breathlessly.

Skarlett's face was never a terribly cheerful sight to begin with, so even if he was trying to look reassuring it wasn't exactly working. "They're as stable as they can be for right now."

Ambori frowned. "That's pretty vague.”

The wemic sighed heavily, the first sign of weariness he'd shown over the entire journey. "Hal should be all right." Tasha felt an immense weight lift off her heart.

"That's not too surprising," Skarlett went on. "Especially seeing how much of his life he had spent in the out of doors combined with his superb physical condition." He held up one hand and stalled Tasha's question. "What happened to Hal was the same thing that had happened to Ceorn. Exhaustion. Pneumonia in the kelt's case, but primarily exhaustion."

"I don't understand."

“As near as we can figure, the only thing keeping Hal and Ceorn moving at all was their own man-fool stubbornness. They needed to reach this place at all costs, therefore nothing else mattered. But once they'd arrived and knew they were no longer needed to complete the journey, their bodies shut down.

"Fortunately we were able to keep Hal awake until we could get him into a warm environment. Give him few days rest and good eating and he'll be as healthy as a horse in no time."

"What about the others," Tasha asked.

Skarlett shook his head and ran thick fingers through his mane. "Pneumonia in both cases. With proper care and treatment, which they will receive here I assure you, they should be up and running in at least two weeks."

Tasha was astonished. "Two weeks?" And as much as she hated herself for the cold and calculating way in which she was forced to do this, she asked: "I don't think we can afford to wait that long. If we get permission to ascend the mountain, we'll have to take it with whomever is ready at the time."

"Yeah," Ambori cut in. "But first we gotta get past the Council of Seven."

Skarlett nodded. "Agreed. That will not be as easy as you are hoping. There has not been a mortal since Korum who's been given permission to ascend the mountain. The task ahead of you will not be getting easier any time soon."

"Skarlett?" Tasha began, voicing the question that had been burning in her mind for the last two weeks of travel. "Do you really think that the council will give us permission to ascend the Dragon's Tooth?"

The wemic said nothing for long moments. When he did speak, it was with a fair amount of reluctance. "That really isn't the issue, is it? They have to let us ascend, or the world is in even greater peril than it is right now."

Ambori looked at the cleric wryly. "You have such a cheerful way of looking at things Skarlett. Have you ever thought of leaving your cleric-ness behind and becoming a bard?"

He shook his head. "Not recently, my friend."

"Good."

Leading them into the heart of the Trisagonal, Tasha noted that Skarlett's initial description was very accurate. It resembled a ramshackle trading post, with huts and tents set up to distribute goods and the like. One hut off to the side showed a gray-skinned wemic packing away after a long and unproductive day trying to trade his silks. A tent on the other side obviously was some sort of dried meat shop where one could purchase or trade for travel. With the weather being so bad there had been little in the way of business for these entrepreneurs of late.

After several moments Tasha grew tired of the stares that she was garnering from the locals. In normal practice she was never terribly proud of the fact that she tended to draw stares from people in towns and cities. But this was different. Instead of being lewd or lascivious, the looks that she was being given were downright threatening. Curious mostly, but still threatening. 

They really don't get humans here much.

Now Tasha was not one to be intimidated. Whether the person she was facing was human, elven or a dwarf. But this was a new experience. Every member occupying the Trisagonal at this time was a four legged man-lion. Needless to say, it felt rather odd to be garnering almost frightening looks from creatures that normally belonged in a dream. 

At one point, it seemed as if one particularly large wemic with blue black fur was about to step in their way. But Skarlett leveled his countryman with a cool look and spoke softly in a strange, guttural language. It sounded much like what your typical lion's growl would expect to sound like. The aggressor grudgingly padded back out of the way and let them pass.

Reaching a small hut off near the fringes of the makeshift town, Skarlett motioned them towards it. "This is where you can stay and rest from the trip. There will be food packed in parcels beneath the bed which should still be good. There's some sod beneath the wrappings next to fireplace that you can use for fuel. And now, if you will excuse me... "

"Where are you going?" Tasha asked. "You need rest too."

The cleric nodded. "I know. And I will. But first I must speak to the Council and petition your plea to them as soon as possible. That way they will be prepared for our request as early as tomorrow. So I suggest that you sleep while you can. Tomorrow will be another long day." And with that, he padded off into the snow swirling night. 

Looking at Ambori, Tasha shrugged her shoulders and entered the hut.

The hut was a small on the inside it appeared on the outside. But it was warm and it kept wind out. Two things that made up for all the rest. Without waiting to be told, Ambori dropped next to the makeshift fireplace and began busily unwrapping the sod from it's packaging with his numbed fingers. Within minutes he had a small fire going and the air began to circulate the warmth to the both of them.

Wordlessly, Tasha slid one of the food parcels out from beneath the hut's only bed and pried it open. Her nostrils were assailed with the scent of salted beef and dried fruit. Both she and the bard looked at the food for several seconds before ravenously digging in. All the food they'd taken with on the road had gone practically uneaten, their appetites as relatively non-existent as they slowly froze. 

But now that everything was going to be all right... 

Tasha broke off her eating. Will it? Will everything be all right? She looked at Ambori who was still chewing frantically on a large hunk of jerky. What if we're the only ones able to go on? What then?

Ambori's been slow on occasion, but after a while he was able to see that something was wrong. He looked up from his meal and saw that Tasha was just sitting on the edge of the bed with her food forgotten in her hand and tears forming in her bloodshot eyes.

He swallowed the last morsel in his mouth and spoke. "Is something wrong, Tasha?" She nodded. The bard sighed and rose to his feet. "You're worried about the others, aren't you?" Again she nodded, her teeth biting into her chapped lower lip as a tear rolled painfully down her frostbitten face.

Gingerly, Ambori sat down next to her and laid a casual arm over her shoulders. He sat there quietly for several moments, making sure the words he wanted to say came out right. "You've got every right to be worried, Tasha," he began in a low, comforting tone. "But you've got to be strong. They'll be all right. All three of them are strong enough to pull through, even Garn. All we have to do now is wait and everything will be all right."

Tasha looked at him through her tear filled eyes. "How can you know that? No one can know that."

Ambori shrugged his shoulders. "I just know these things sometimes." Then he circled both of his arms around her and held her. "You can relax now, we're safe for the moment."

Tasha didn't want to do what she did next. In some ways it went against everything she was taught as she grew up by her father and brothers. But after the trials and tribulations of the last several weeks, she could hardly help herself.

Tasha wrapped her arms around Ambori as well and cried herself to a thankfully dreamless sleep.

Chapter 22 - The Council of Seven

Hal woke up alone.

Nothing new there.

He was wrapped heavily in animal skins and furs, providing an extremely comfortable warmth that had been lacking in recent days. The room he was in was quite small but high ceilinged. The small fireplace in one corner still flickered lightly though it had not been stoked in hours. 

There was a second bunk to his right, it too was piled high with furs. Just barely poking out from the coverings was the chapped, frost-bitten face of Ceorn. For one absolutely frightful moment, Hal would have sworn the kelt was dead. But then he saw the subtle rising and falling of the coverings and breathed a small sigh of relief.

"I gotta stop doin' this," the big man croaked out. He tried to sit up in bed, but as the blankets began to slide away some very chilly air touched the bare flesh of his torso. Hal dropped back into the blankets and reveled in their warmth, in no way ready to re-enter the cold.

Something about that last moment's actions stuck out in Hal's mind as being rather odd. For a brief second, he wasn't sure what it was. Then, after a quick but thorough inspection, Hal noticed that he was stark naked beneath the covers. 

Great. Naked.

Unnecessarily, he became embarrassed. Even with no one around to notice - and even if there was they wouldn't be able to tell seeing as how he was under the blankets. He realized how foolish the feeling was in the back of his mind. 

Just … someone had to undress me. 

Swiftly, Hal's eyes scanned the room, searching for his clothes or at the very least his gear pack. But then he gazed thankfully down on the small bureau between his bunk and the kelt's. Laying upon it beside Ceorn's kilt and heavy sweater, were a large pair of heavy woolen slacks and shirt from Hal's pack. He sighed in relief.

Cautiously, Hal snaked one hand out from beneath his blankets and snatched his clothes, bringing them under the covers. They were cool to the touch at first but quickly warmed up. Once they were ready, Hal clumsily managed to slip them on without tearing them to shreds. Once done, Hal braced himself and slid out from beneath the blankets and into the cool air.

It was a bit of a shock at first, his flesh became all tingly with gooseflesh and his hair wanted to stand on end. But after a few moments he got used to it and got over it.

Over near the fireplace was Hal's pack. He took a long look at the distance between himself and the pack and decided to risk it. Taking a deep breath, Hal scampered across the freezing wooden floor in his bare feet and snatched up his pack. He all but dove for the safety of his bunk, anything to get his feet warm again. Sitting cross-legged on his bunk, he frantically rummaged around in his pack. With a slight smile, Hal triumphantly pulled out a thick pair of woolen socks and yanked them on. He sighed with relief at the warmth that trailed up his legs from the fire-warmed socks.

Within moments, Hal had donned a pair of black denim pants, strapped on his surprisingly dry hiking boots and was walking comfortably about the room. Tension in his muscles rang along his nervous system like a hammer on an anvil with every step. But he ignored the pain. He was awake now and there were things that probably needed to be done.

There was a large washbasin filled with water atop a nearby dresser as well as a large, fluffy towel and mirror. Hal broke a thin layer of ice and set about scrubbing at his face with the very chilly water. After a few shocking moments, he scooped up the towel and frantically began to pat himself dry. 

Peering at his reflection in the slightly warped mirror, Hal noted with no surprise that his hair was back in it's familiar haystack position with strands and tufts pointing out in every direction. He sighed and ran his fingers over his slightly stubbly face. He frowned then, knowing that he hadn't shaved since leaving Southmoor and that he had been sporting a rather ugly beard for the last few days. Needless to say, he was surprised that someone would actually take the time to shave him. Then he was rather jealous, for the person who'd done the shaving did a remarkably better job of it than Hal was capable of doing for himself.

He was about to turn away from the mirror when he noted the hairbrush that was laying down on the table. He looked at his regular morning style and, for the first time, saw that it could have something better done with it. And so, clumsily, Hal picked up the brush, dipped it into the water and began to comb out his shoulder length hair.

By the time it was reasonably straight he was almost in tears from all of the knots that he'd pulled through. "Maybe this wasn't such a good idea," he muttered.

Turning away from the mirror Hal was startled to see a monstrous creature step into the room.

Both he and the creature jumped back in surprise with a choked scream.

Ceorn muttered something unintelligible and shifted slightly on his bunk.

His hand clutched at his chest, Hal forced his eyes to come into focus . Upon closer inspection, he recognized it to be a dark-furred wemic dressed in a light colored cloak. And she appeared to be just as shocked to see him as he was of her (at least, Hal assumed it was female going by the longer mane and the more, er...  feminine appearing torso).

"Good day," the wemic said in a lilting tenor. "I am Shonarr, Younger Cleric of the Clawra Pride. You are the one called Hal, are you not?" Hal nodded affirmatively. "I thought as much. How do you feel?"

Hal shrugged and felt the twinge of pain from more muscles. "Not too bad, a bit sore is all." The wemic came over to him then, poking and prodding and doing clerical sorts of things. He silently put up with it, knowing better from experience with Garn and Renora than to argue. He grinned wryly. "So, how long was I out this time?"

Shonarr glanced at him curiously. Hal repeated his question and she smiled. "I see now. Forgive me, I have only recently learned your tongue and am still having trouble with some of the terms."

Hal nodded with a smile. "Great. So how long?"

Shonarr laughed. "Of course. Surprisingly, just over twenty-four hours," Hal breathed a sigh of relief, fearing that it had been longer. "We had expected that you would be out at least for as long as your friend," she gestured over to Ceorn then. "Hypothermia is usually very difficult to fight off. Are you sure that you're all right?" 

Hal took the question more seriously this time, almost slipping into a meditative trance as he inwardly felt at his extremities. Then he consciously flexed each of his muscles in turn to make certain that they all still worked. After doing that he shrugged again. "Aside from bein' a bit weary, I seem to be all right."

She looked at him a bit questioningly for a moment or two longer then let it drop. "Well, I'm going to keep my eye on you just in case." Shonarr turned away and went over to check on the kelt.

Finding a spare strap of leather in his pack, Hal tied back his hair into a loose ponytail to keep it out of his face. After that, he picked up both his axe and the sword Stormbringer, just to make sure that they were still useable and rust free. That done he turned to Shonarr and spoke. "Where are the others?"

She looked up from her work with a grim expression on her face. "Your friend, the mage?" Hal nodded. Shonarr sighed heavily. "He's in critical condition right now. The hypothermia hit him very hard and has left him nearly comatose. He just isn't physically healthy enough to be straining himself the way he has been on your travels." She cut off Hal's next question with a raised hand."I don't know if he'll be all right, but we are doing everything that we can."

Hal was silent for a long moment. The thought of Garn not getting better left him feeling hollow on the inside. He and the mage had their differences, but Garn was his friend! 

"What about the others?" he asked frantically, suddenly needing to know. 

She gestured faintly off in one direction. "They're with the Council of Seven, pleading their case and asking for permission to ascend the mountain."

Hal was immediately relieved. "How is it going? With the Council, I mean?"

Shonarr shrugged. " On one side, The Council understands their need but on the other they are reluctant to trust anyone to get too near the Book. No one has been given permission in an Age."

The big man nodded. Then, he stood up and strapped on his weapons belt. The cleric gave him an odd look. Then she trotted over and stood between him and his cloak which he had been reaching for. "Where do you think you're going?" she asked.

"To help my friends," he said simply. "Which way to the Council Chamber?"

"You're not going... "

Hal cut her off with a frustrated look and a surprisingly sharp tone of voice. "Look! I've been little more than a burden on this trip. Now, I won't be able to partici...  help out with the talk. But I can be there. Let them know that I'm all right if nothing else."

Shonarr had no return comment for that. 

Gently, Hal moved her aside and retrieved his cloak, settling it over his shoulders. "Now, you can tell me where to find the Council of Seven or you can lead me there. It's your choice, just please make it quickly."

*

Tasha was frustrated.

For the last seven and a half hours, she and Ambori almost wished that they were back on the road freezing to death. As the bard had put it, I'd just as prefer to be turning into an icicle as to be grilled over hot coals by a bunch of stodgy man-lions. Immediately thereafter, Tasha had smacked him very hard.

There had been but one break during the whole proceeding, and that was an hour gone by this point. Skarlett had been very thankful for it, getting the chance to water down his sore throat. Tasha suddenly felt bad for thinking how rough the whole ordeal was on her considering how their cleric friend was pulling double-duty, acting as the translator for both sides of the occasion.

The Wemic Council of Seven was an interesting group of people to say the least. Tasha had been considerably uncertain as to what to expect upon meeting them. In some cases, it was what she'd anticipated, in others... 

There are seven distinctly different cultures in the wemic society, each of them known as a Pride. Skarlett told them that before the Council, all of the Prides roamed aimlessly around the plains keeping solidly to themselves. In fact, there was a time in which certain Prides were at territorial war with others. After several generations, the Council was formed by the heads of each Pride to, if not unify the Prides as one, at least make them be civil towards one another. They succeeded. Now the Prides act with respect towards each other, keeping their own cultures separate and sharing the Pridelands with each other without overt hostilities.

At the present, it was hard to tell which, if any, of the Council were on their side in this venture. For any decision to be reached by the Council, it must be reached unanimously. And since the time of Korum, no being had been given permission to ascend the Dragon's Tooth. 

The head of the Wamior Pride refused to even meet Tasha or Ambori's gaze. His objections to their request were twofold. Primarily that no one could be trusted with the Book of Korum, to the point that no one should even be allowed near it. And secondly, it came down to a personal point with him; that the thought of a war fought with magic was wrong. Just wrong. No explanation beyond that. And according to Skarlett, and Tasha was inclined to agree with him after taking a good look at the scars on the aging wemic's battered body, no explanation was needed. The Wamior Pride was strongly anti-magic in any form and if not for some timely intervention, the being would have seen to it that Garn received no medical attention whatsoever from them given his clear prejudice.

The other opposition came from the ancient head of the Chonathor Pride. She was a wizened old wemic with stark white fur and taut, weathered flesh. But the look in her eyes was sharp and precise, without any trace of senility. Her only objection was merely based on tradition; none had gone up since Korum and that it should stay that way. 

"To translate what the head of the Chonathor Pride has just said," Skarlett continued. " 'In all five hundred and fifteen of my years, I've seen many a crisis come and go. Some were of world shattering importance, and others weren't. But we survived! And all worked out all right in the end. As will all this time.' End quote."

Tasha was now very frustrated. 

Apparently, so was Ambori. "But this is different!" he exclaimed, leaping to his feet in outright agitation. "We're talking about the most powerful wizard who has ever lived! In all of history! If we let him back, there's no telling what could happen! He could...  He could... " He trailed of rather embarrassingly at that point as his words began to fail him. "...  I don't know what he could do." He finished lamely.

"Is that everything?" Skarlett asked sourly. And looking at the disapproving faces of the Council, Tasha was inclined to agree with him.

Ambori nodded his head rather shamefacedly and took his seat once again as Skarlett began to translate, altering the phrases so that they would make some sort of sense.

Tasha smacked Ambori once again. He grimaced painfully and glared at her with a hurt expression on his face. "Give me a break," he pleaded.

"Not likely," Tasha whispered back to him. "The next time you feel like getting upset and yelling at the entire council, do us all a favor?"

"All right."

"Don't."

The remaining Prides; Clawra, Manorm, Taille, A'sarnh and the ErAngha seemed to be, if not in favor at least indifferent to their plea. They listened attentively and all, but in no way did they have an opinion on the issue one way or the other. At least that's how it appeared on the surface. 

Tasha knew differently.

For the last several hours of the debate, Tasha had kept her meager mental abilities focused on the members of the Council, scouting out their emotions and trying to glean their views on the whole situation. On the whole, it looked good. But good wasn't going to be good enough this time. Not when you needed a unanimous decision.

The Clawra, Manorm and A'sarnh were all in favor of letting them ascend the Tooth and just be done with it. The young, female head of the Taille, Skarlett's Pride, was willing to go with whatever the cleric said – clearly having more than a bit of a emotional attachment to him. The head of the ErAngha, an older wemic with a long, luxurious beard was willing to go with the majority either way. 

But with the other two, there was nothing that Tasha could discern in the way of an angle to work in their favor with them. The Wamior was too stubborn and stuck in the 'traditional methods of warfare' to even consider the possible necessity involved here. And the ancient Chonathor was just honestly certain that there was no real need for the Book to be involved. 

And Tasha couldn't think of any other way to convince them. She'd already had Skarlett translate the tellings of her visions in full detail. Detailed to the point that Tasha began to get the chills just repeating them. She told them everything that she could remember of what Garn had told her about Xir and what he was capable of. That hadn't really fazed them. Nothing had.

Another thing that Tasha noticed as an aside, this having nothing to do with the topics at hand. It was odd talking to these individuals for the simple reason that they didn't sit. No chairs, obviously. They stood. The whole time. Thus giving them a superior height advantage and an intimidation factor that Tasha was having a hard time dealing with.

Skarlett was right in the middle of fielding a question from the Wamior head when one of the wemics that had been guarding the hut came trotting in unannounced. Very briefly, he got a stern dressing down from each of the Heads for interrupting the meeting. He began to give some sort of explanation for his conduct. Skarlett looked rather surprised and said something very quickly to the Council before trotting after the guard.

Tasha rose and caught his arm as he went past. "What is it?"

The cleric looked down at her in brief confusion. "I'm not certain, I think it's good news." 

Ambori grimaced. "That would be a pleasant change... Oww! Dammit Tasha, would you please stop hitting me? I'm allowed to express my own opinion, you know!"

"Shut up, bard-boy." Tasha looked up at their wemic friend. "Will you be long?"

"Just wait here." And with that, he was out the door.

Tasha resumed her seat and stoically ignored Ambori's sullen gaze. She watched as the Council all congregated around each other and began to speak about the events of the day and what each of them had decided and for which reasons. Tasha tried to 'listen in' on all of them at the same time and wasn't having a lot of luck with it. From what she could gather, no one was changing anyone else's mind. Which was both good, and bad.

At that point she realized that Ambori had been trying to get attention for some time now. She returned her 'sight' back to her body and felt with discomfort the soreness of her shoulder where the bard had been repeatedly poking her. There was an audible smack as Tasha nailed him once again. With a manly effort he kept from crying out in pain. "What is it now?" Tasha asked exasperatedly. 

He glared at her once again, rubbing at his sore arm. "I was going to ask why you kept hitting me, but now I think you'll hit me if I do."

With a deep sigh, Tasha placed her head in her hands. "If you keep speaking out when you either don't know what you're talking about or when you shouldn't be, I'm going to keep hitting you."

"But why?"

Without even thinking about it, Tasha cracked him one again. He yelped slightly and shut up, sliding a bit down the bench and out of her reach.

Skarlett re-entered the tent. At first Tasha was concerned, but then he smiled at her in a reassuring way. What is it? Tasha thought at him. But Skarlett merely motioned for her to remain patient and stood before the Council once again. He spent at least five minutes speaking to them. The whole way through his spiel, it seemed as if he was asking them for something. After he was done, he waited for the Council to congregate with each other, discussing amongst themselves. After a few chat, they returned to their regular spots behind the table and, as one, nodded.

Skarlett smiled in relief and turned towards the entrance to the hut, motioning with one hand. The wemic at the door nodded briefly and stepped out of sight. 

Now curious beyond belief, Tasha rose and stood next to the cleric. "What the hell is going on?" she whispered. 

Placing his free arm around her shoulders, he whispered into her ear: "I had to ask the Council's permission for someone to join today's proceedings. Typically, once a Gathering of the Council has begun no one can join in later."

Tasha's eyes lit right up. "Please tell me it's Garn, we could really use him here."

Skarlett's face fell just a smidgen and he cast a quick glance over towards the entrance. "Well... " he began.

"No of course, Garn's still too sick. He needs his rest," Tasha interrupted, misreading Skarlett's expression. "It's okay, Ceorn shouldn't be able to harm these proceedings."

Skarlett's face fell just a smidgen more as Hal walked into the hut and Tasha stared at him in astonishment.

For a brief moment, she couldn't take her eyes off of him. He stood there, in the doorway with his usual bland expression firmly in place, dressed in a pair of black denims and his shirt and cloak. His weapons were snugly in place and (this one threw Tasha for a brief loop more than the others) his hair was neatly tied back in a pony tail. And aside from the immense dark bags beneath his blue-gray eyes along with the still chapped flesh on his face and hands, he looked all right.

Wordlessly he surveyed the room. Then, after unconsciously checking that his weapons were in their right places, he strode towards Tasha and Skarlett with his gaze firmly locked on the Council members.

Tasha was absolutely flabbergasted. Of the three that were out of commission, Tasha had never expected Hal to be the one coming to the Council meeting. And especially now that he was apparently obligated to say something to prove that he had a right to be there.

Her first, knee jerk reaction was to just send him away. That would solve a lot of problems and would take away the strong possibility that Hal would say something to offend the Council in some way. And while it might not be the politest thing to do to the big man, it was probably the most logical.

But, as he neared Tasha couldn't bring herself to do it. It was something in the set of his eyes, the sheer undeniable determination that rested there. The same determination that was obviously all that was keeping him on his feet and awake after their journey. And while that favored the instinct to send him back to bed, she knew that it would do no good. If he went back, he wouldn't let himself sleep until he heard the news from the Council. 

And besides, Tasha thought with a bit of humor. What could go wrong?

Hal stepped up and looked Tasha in the eyes. He hid it well, but she could see the pain he was dealing with as plainly as if it were her own. He nodded slightly. "Milady," he began, then cleared his throat trying to get rid of the rasp. "Forgive me, I didn't realize that my...  That being here could be a problem. If you'd like, I can leave?"

Tasha thought about it once again, going over all of the possible pros and cons of the situation. Then she shrugged minutely and laid a hand on his upper arm. "No. Don't bother. We've done all we can, maybe you can think of something we haven't."

His eyes widened briefly, amused. "You jest, milady. It would be better if I... "

"Stayed," Tasha interposed firmly. "Trust me," she continued with a smile. "You can't hurt the proceedings at this point. 

Hal took several moments to think about that possibility silently. Then he showed a trace of his boyish grin. "All right, what do I say?"

Skarlett chuckled. "Step aside with me and I'll let you know what's been said." Hal nodded and took a step or two away from Tasha for a hurried, whispered conversation with the cleric.

Tasha sat back down next to Ambori. He looked at her in indignation. "How come Hal can say something and I can't?"

Tasha merely raised her hand and Ambori scooted across the bench away from her. "I wasn't aware that you liked it so rough," he muttered.

"I'll pretend I didn't here that," Tasha whispered. Ambori shut his mouth.

Skarlett spent at least a good five minutes filling Hal in on the situation to this point. Tasha reached out with her mind 'watched' Hal trying to organize what he was being told into 'good' and 'bad' categories and had to smile. Then she witnessed the beginnings of an idea form in the big man's mind and got out of there before potentially influencing his thoughts.

They waited a few minutes more as Hal took several deep breaths and sorted through what he wanted to say one last time. Then, at long last, he looked up at Skarlett and nodded once.

The cleric took a few minutes to introduce Hal to the Council and bring them back to the topic at hand. They all seemed to accept Hal's presence outwardly and some, especially the Wamior head, appeared almost eager to hear him speak.

Skarlett then took a step back and motioned for Hal to the head of the table. "You're translating me, right?" Skarlett nodded reassuringly. "Okay. If you can...  I dunno, make me sound smarter … or something...  "

The cleric smiled and nodded sagely.

He took one last deep breath and stepped up to the table.

For a few moments, he didn't say anything. This trend continued for a few uncomfortable heartbeats. Tasha began to get edgy, suddenly wishing that she'd sent Hal away after all. Ambori appeared to be about to make a comment so she smacked him one on sheer principal and and told him to whimper more quietly. 

Then Hal began to speak.

"I'll tell you all the truth," he said, his voice pitched low and his words soft. "When I came here today, my only plan was to just...  y'know, listen in? I never wanted to be in front of you, talkin'. But, here I am. Talkin'

"I know you've been in here all day and are gettin' tired and all, so I'll try to keep this short. Y'see, we have to go up that mountain. I know that you're...  nervous about us goin' up there and all...  But we have to do it all the same." He paused for a long moment, during which Skarlett had more than enough time in which to catch up. Hal ran his thick fingers through the few loose strands of his hair nervously and was visibly trying to think of some way to say what was on his mind. 

"Look," he said, his face eerily calm. "I'm not a smart guy. It doesn't bother me anymore...  well, not too much. Anyway, the point is...  I don't know very much about...  much. So because of that, I have to trust my friends." He pointed over to Tasha then, his gaze lingering for a brief second. Her breath caught in her throat when confronted with the look of absolute pain in his eyes.

"Milady Tasha over there is my superior...  and my friend." He smiled weakly at her. "Which one comes first is a talk we're still supposed to have, I think. My point is, she knows, beyond a shadow of a doubt that what is happening in the world right now is bad. Really bad."

Hal had begun to fidget restlessly, resting one hand against the table for support. Skarlett continued to translate. Hal continued. "To be brutally honest, I really don't know what's going on. But I've seen some frightening stuff so far on this journey. And if that's only the beginning of the end here...  then we are in some serious trouble. But don't take my word for it, just wait a couple of months and find out for yourself. Or, let us up the mountain. Let us get the Book and maybe stop things from getting worse." After that Hal leaned against the table with both hands wearily and went silent.

After Skarlett finished translating the Pride had a varied range of responses. Going from horror at what might happen, to humor at what the big man had said. Tasha was hardly unsurprised to be frank. Ambori just kept sulking and cringing every time Tasha shifted her arm.

The wizened leader of the Chonathor spoke out in her gravelly, almost grandmotherly voice. Skarlett interpreted. " 'Again I must say, you have yet to give us one solid reason as to why we should allow you and your friends up the mountain. This world has survived through crisis and catastrophe before, and it'll live through this one.' "

Hal didn't respond for a moment, taking the time to sort out his thoughts and keep them in the right order. "Milady," he began respectfully. "I must ask. In all of the other … crisis’s? Is that the right word?" Skarlett Shrugged slightly. "Fine. With all of those other crisis’s, their survivors needed to work up a plan for defense or something. Am I correct?"

" 'You are indeed, youngling.' " Skarlett translated.

"Well, milady. We, my friends, the King of Southmoor...  The people of this world, you, me, your Pridesfolk...  I'm told we need the Book of Korum to plan this time. You see, without the Book, we will fight back. We will do all in our power to stop Xir on our own. But what everyone with smarts are tellin' me is that without the Book we don't even have a fighting chance." He took a well deserved deep breath. "Do you understand, Milady?"

The leader of the Chonathor pondered the translated words for a long moment. When she responded, it was with a slight smile and a faint twinkle in her eye. " 'Methinks that you believe in yourself too little, young one. Moreover, you make an interesting point.' "

Hal shrugged and smiled wearily. "Thank you, milady."

Tasha was speechless. Ambori made some crack that she didn't quite hear and she was so thunderstruck that she forgot to smack him.

The head of the Wamior Pride spoke next. " 'Hal, you speak like one after my own heart.' " Hal nodded politely upon hearing the translation. " 'Like a warrior! One who lives for the battle, for the thrill of the fight! So I'm sure you will agree with me on this point. A war should be fought as a war should be fought. With warriors on either side of a battleground rushing towards each other and then beating each other senseless somewhere in between.' " They both had a good laugh at that one. " 'My point though, is that is how a war is won. On the battlefield. Where no magic enters in and none is wanted!' "

Again, Hal took a few moments to concentrate on his thoughts. "Milord, I do agree with you," Hal began, letting the big wemic smile smugly. "To a point." The smug grin slipped away. "Milord, how do you describe a fair fight?"

" 'Where both side are equal in most respects with few to no advantages for either side in weaponry or manpower.' "

"Agreed, Milord. However if we were to try to take on Xir right now, with no magical support...  it would be like sending a child against your best soldier." Hal gave that a moment to sink in. "Milord, I don't like magic either. Truth to tell, it scares the...  it scares me. But, by being friends with a mage I have picked up some things along the way.

"It's like this. If a seasoned warrior were to attack a...  rookie mage, the warrior will likely win. If that same seasoned warrior attacked an average mage, with nothing truly special about him...  or her, I guess. That mage will win. The mage can destroy you before the battle even starts.

"Now, as it stands today; my friends and I are gonna take on someone who is called the most powerful wizard of all time! Armies won't defeat him. Legions won't defeat him. Nothing can defeat him...  Except, maybe the spells in the Book." Hal took a deep breath. "For the Gods' sake, Xir is still stuck off in his prison and he's already attacking us. Tasha's visions, that big flash of light, the laughter... " Hal suddenly realized that he was shouting and shut his mouth.

Hal looked the Wamior right in the eye and held the gaze locked for a long time. "All I want is a fair fight, Milord. And I need the Book of Korum to have that." He held the wemic's gaze until Skarlett finished translating his words.

There was a long moment of silence in which neither party said anything for a long while. All members of the Council eyed each other cautiously, not sure what needed to be said. Then, as one, they backed away from the table and huddled together. Skarlett laid a comforting hand on Hal's shoulder. 

Tasha was still thunderstruck.

Ambori leaned over to her then. "What do you think?"

"Shut up."

"Right."

There were heated voices drifting out from the huddle. The discussion continued for close to fifteen minutes. Hal refused to sit or move away from the table, claiming that he had to seem strong enough to be worthy of their decision. He said that it was important. To him if no one else. Skarlett made Tasha let it drop.

At roughly the twenty minute mark, the Council of Seven returned to the table. The ErAngha representative spoke for the Seven in a clear and precise voice. The wide smile that broke out onto Skarlett's face gave it away before he could translate. With a cry of relief, Tasha leapt from her seat and jubilantly surged forward, throwing her arms about Hal and holding him close. 

"You did it Hal! I can't believe it but you... " She broke off in dismay when the big man's knees buckled and he collapsed to the floor.

Noticing for the first time the cold sweat on his face and the general clamminess of his skin, Tasha became very nervous. "I gotta stop doin' this," Hal muttered weakly. Skarlett crouched down and propped Hal up to his feet with only a minimum of effort. With a pass of one hand, the cleric made some sort of magic happen and he smiled with relief after he was done.

"Is he all right?" Tasha asked, surprised at how frantic she sounded. "Is he... "

"He's fine." Skarlett replied. "The hypothermia is out of his system. He's just tired. By all rights, he should still be asleep at this point."

"S'what Shonarr said," Hal grumbled.

"I'll take our stubborn negotiator back to his bed so he can get better."

"I'll give you a hand," Tasha said, rubbing at one of Hal's clammy but massive arms. "It's the least I can do after he saved our whole campaign today."

"Well, hey!" Ambori burst in with an indignant expression on his face. "I helped too!"

Tasha didn't even have to aim anymore. 

"Ow!"

Chapter 23 - The Power of Garnthalisbain

His gear and lute all carefully stored away, Ambori slung his pack over one shoulder and exited the hut heading out into the morning's brisk, cool air. He covered his eyes with one hand and focused on the location of his traveling party. Seeing Hal's head above most of the crowd, the bard hitched his belongings higher up onto his back and began to trot forward. The spring was back into his step and the tacky green hat and cape were back in place, bouncing along with him as he whistled softly.

After two solid days of rest and relaxation, Ambori was beginning to feel almost human again. The frostbite had gone down, he could now feel every part of his body without a great deal of pain. His reflexes were almost back to normal although his flexibility still needed a bit of work. But he shrugged that all aside knowing that he'd have more than enough time to get back into shape during the journey up the Dragon's Tooth. 

Skarlett Black and Hal were busily tying the last few straps to the traveling bags that they needed to carry on the journey. Both packs were immense, but Skarlett easily slid one arm through a strap and set it comfortably atop his broad back. Likewise, Hal tossed his pack casually over one shoulder and looked ready to carry it that way during the whole two week journey.

Hal's recovery was nothing short of stellar. After fighting off pneumonia during the first night, a few days of rest and good food had restored his health and vigor. Of course, he was a little bit slimmer than normal, perhaps a whole ten pounds lighter in weight from the rigors of their harrowing winter journey. But other than that, he seemed fine. 

Hal and Skarlett were casually chatting with the wemics that were to guide their party to the base of the mountain and point out the easiest path up. Apparently, there wouldn't be much in the way of actual climbing. Reportedly as they neared the top it was like climbing a steep staircase.

Tasha was sitting cross-legged off to one side with her eyes closed. The expression on her face was completely blank, no emotion showing. Her hands twitched from time to time and her breathing was constant, but slow. Probably doing some of that mind stuff, Ambori thought to himself. I wonder what good she thinks that'll do? It's not as if she could just...  think us up the mountain. He laughed.

His heart stopped though when Tasha's voice answered him from right behind his eyes. Maybe not yet, bard-boy. But give me some time and we'll see.

Ambori refused to look in her general direction for the next few minutes, quietly bemoaning the unfairness of it all.

To distract himself, Ambori once again went over his mental of everything that he might need or want to use on the journey ahead. Food and extra clothing aside, Ambori checked that his lute was properly secured so that it wouldn't be affected too directly by the weather. All of his daggers were in place and properly sheathed, including the two strapped across his back for emergencies. After much debating, Ambori had decided against taking along one of the spare short swords. The odds were against him needing it and with that at his hip the climbing would only get hellishly difficult. 

That done, Ambori placed his pack down on the ground and began to stretch out his still sore and tense muscles. The bard winced at the slight pain he induced upon himself as he tried to force his limbs to their normal level of flexibility. After a slight pause in which he took several deep breaths, Ambori began again.

Hal walked over to him and peered down at his friend. Squatting down on his haunches, Hal visibly winced as Ambori forced his legs wide. Several moments of scrutinization later, Ambori flicked a glance over at the big man. "Something troubling you?" he asked with only a trace of strain in his voice.

He didn't speak for a moment or two, then he ran a hand through his long, wavy hair and winced again. "How can you do that?" 

"Do what?"

"You know... " Hal explained, making clutching and pointing motions with his hands as he continued to watch the bard. "That thing you're doing right now. With your legs?"

Ambori grinned, toying with Hal's amazement. "What? The splits?" Hal nodded. The bard shrugged. "Oh, I don't know. You get used to it after a while. Why don't you try it Hal? You might like it."

"Oh, I don't think so" Hal said, shaking a finger at his colorfully dressed friend. "I'm in pain just watching that." Ambori laughed as Hal went on. "Besides, that ain't my thing, y'know. Too much...  I mean, y'gotta be kinda graceful to do that sorta thing, right?" 

"I suppose that it helps, yes."

Hal smiled ruefully. "Well, if there's one thing that I'm not, it's graceful. Thick as a rock and maybe about as smart as one...  but graceful? Nah."

Ambori shook his head this time, his blond curls bouncing to and fro. "Don't sell yourself short, Hal. There are times when I'd rather have your strength and size then all my speed."

"Yeah? Like when?"

Ambori shrugged. "I don't know off hand. But what I'm trying to say is this. Don't look at what you don't have, and make the best of what you do. And if that happens to be strength, well, more power to you."

Hal thought about it for a second. "Yeah, I guess." Then he levered himself back up to his feet and offered a hand down to the bard. Ambori waved it off with a smile and rolled back onto his shoulders. Then he kicked out with both legs and arched his back, consequently snapping him forward and up to his feet. Hal watched the display enviously, while Ambori reached up and patted him on the shoulder.

"Do you ever stop showing off, Ambori?" came Tasha's tired voice from behind them then. Both men turned to her though Ambori could feel the slow flush creeping up his face. Is she never going to let that go, he thought disgustedly.

Nope, she answered, causing him to literally jump in surprise. 

"Something wrong?" Hal asked concernedly.

Tasha waved it off with one hand and a smile. "Nothing to worry about Hal. Nothing at all."

"If you say so, milady." Hal responded. 

"I do say so." Tasha looked from them to Skarlett then. The wemic was busily speaking away with his Pridefolk and settling some final business before the journey. Skarlett's decision to join them up the Tooth came as a slight surprise but after coming to fully understand the reason for their quest and enjoying their camaraderie, Skarlett Black had volunteered his services until the 'Rift was closed or he died trying'. 

Tasha turned back to the unlikely companions. "Are you two ready to go?" she asked. Both men nodded their heads in an affirmative. She smiled. "Good. Because we're going to be leaving shortly but before that," she paused, shifting her gaze to Hal. Ambori watched as the big man unconsciously straightened his posture and tried to appear more attentive. "Hal, Ceorn wants to speak with you about something. he wouldn't tell me what, but I think that it's important. He said that it wouldn't take long, but that he had to speak before you left. All right?"

Hal casually placed all of his items on the ground before him. "As you wish, milady." He said before turning away and striding over to the still ill kelt's hut.

"I wish Ceorn were healthy enough to come along," Ambori muttered.

"Me too," Tasha affirmed, shaking her head ruefully. "But we can't afford to lose him on this one. Besides, the weeks that it'll take for us to climb the Tooth and come back will give him and Garn enough time to recover."

"If we get the Book," Ambori reminded.

"Do you have to be pessimistic at a time like this?" Tasha asked testily.

Ambori grinned boyishly and shrugged. "What better time?"

Tasha sighed woefully and stared up to the heavens, both hands out to the sides. "Why me?" she asked.

*

Hal waited for the cleric, Shonarr to usher him in into Ceorn's hut. The room that he'd shared with the kelt had changed little except that his bunk was now packed away while Ceorn's was moved closer to the fireplace. The Crimson Bloodied Fist was sitting up in his bed and sipping from an earthenware mug.

Shonarr placed a hand on Hal's arm. "Try not to stay long," she cautioned. "He's in even worse condition than you were." Then she left, leaving Hal and his friend alone.

Not knowing what else to do, Hal walked over to stand beside Ceorn's bed and waited. Eventually Ceorn coughed wetly and expectorated a noisily across the room. Hal watched as it splattered against the base of the fireplace, immediately sizzling from the heat. 

"Nice arc."

"I've had time t'practice, y'know." Ceorn's voice was raspy and weak, the congestion in his lungs very thick. "Naught else t'do but lay here, drink foul potions," Ceorn indicated the steaming medication from his mug. "And kvetch me spit across the room."

"Well, as long as you're keeping busy... "

"Busy! I'm going stir crazy in here lad!" The kelt shook his head wearily before hunching over, coughing like mad. Hal took the cup from his friend's hand to keep it from spilling.

"You okay?" Hal asked when the spasm subsided. 

Ceorn grimaced at the big man wearily. "The cleric says I'll live. At this rate, I ain't sure if it's worth it." The kelt leaned back against his pillow and closed his eyes with a heartfelt sigh. "I almost hate to say it lad," he went on. "But I'm glad I ain't goin' with you on this trip. I'm starting' to like this bed'n breakfast treatment, y'know?"

Hal grinned. "Not really. But get as much of it as you can. Before you know it, we'll have that Book and be back on our way to Southmoor."

"Speaking' o'that. " Ceorn interjected. "Are y'all ready to git gone?"

"Looks that way." 

Ceorn nodded. Then he reached into his shirt and withdrew a small thong from about his neck and handed it to Hal. " 'Ere lad. Take it."

Hal took the object in one hand and scrutinized it closely. It seemed to be a chunk of highoak wood attached to a leather thong. 

"What's this?"

The kelt smiled. "It's my good luck charm, lad. It's a piece o' tree branch that saved me life one time. It's fell from a tree just in time to crack this wild boar over the head and let me run away to safety'. Now, seein' as I won't be needin' it for awhile, I thought maybe I'd see if some of it's luck'll rub off on you."

Wordlessly, Hal ducked his head through the loop and settled it about his neck. It thumped against his chest softly. Hal grinned lopsidedly and shook the kelt's hand. "Thank you, Ceorn."

"My pleasure, lad." Ceorn said with a weary smile. Then his face became deadly serious. "Now you be careful up there. I don't wanna hear that you did somethin' stupid and got yourself killed. I don't wanna be the one to tell Renora that something happened to you."

Hal's face clouded over. "I'll be fine, don't worry."

Ceorn snorted. "Yeah, I've heard that one before, lad."

Suddenly Hal wasn't in the mood for this anymore. Like I really want to worry about Renora worrying about me right now. "I have to go Ceorn. Take care." And with that, Hal spun on one heel and began to stalk away.

"Hal," Ceorn called out. The big man paused and looked back over his shoulder. The kelt stared at him for a second, then he nodded once. "Good luck." 

Hal nodded in return and walked out of the room.

Once back outside in the chill air, Hal took a very refreshing deep breath and let it out as slowly as possible. The last thing that I need right now is a lecture, Hal thought to himself. 

He violently shook his head once to rid the frustration from his mind and managed to smack himself in the face with his own hair. Sighing, Hal removed a leather thong from one of his pouches and tied back his thick brown hair. In the process of doing so, Hal was reminded of the kelt's good luck charm. He picked at it with the fingers of one hand for a minute or two, examining it from all sides. Then he casually tucked it into his woolen sweater and felt it rest against the flesh of his chest.

Feeling light-hearted once again, Hal began to stride back over to where Tasha and the others were getting set to leave when a sudden shrill scream pierced the air. Without even considering the possible danger, Hal planted his right foot firmly and bolted off in the direction of the noise.

He didn't have far to go. The scream had ended but Hal had already gotten a fix on its general location. It was close by in one of the spare huts reserved for guests or ill travelers. Several wemics from all different Prides were already on their way over when Hal reached the hut, accidentally ripping the door off of it's hinges in his haste. 

Hal stepped into the room and made a quick survey. A bed. Four walls. Fireplace. Several chairs. And Garnthalisbain.

The mage's face was absolutely white with sweat running down it in rivulets. Without a doubt, Garn looked sick. Sick and dying. But there he was with a determined look in his eyes, fighting to his feet and angling for the door. 

"Hal... " He croaked.

The big man took a hold of Garn's shoulders and tried to lay him back down on the bed. "Calm down, Garn. It's just a bad dream."

The sweat soaked mage shook his head weakly. "No... No it wasn't." He shuddered a bit then snapped his gaze to Hal's face. "What are you still doing here?" he asked frantically. "You have to go. Now!"

Wemic clerics had begun to enter the hut as Hal nodded soothingly. "We will Garn. Right away. Now why don't you get some sleep?"

The look of disgust upon the gaunt mage's face was more profound than Hal had ever seen it before. "Get out of my face you, oaf," he snarled. "I need to talk to Tasha. Now!"

"Sure. Just calm down and I'll...

"TASHA!" Garn screamed. Hal was astonished by the vocal power still left in Garn's frame and flinched back in alarm.

Within moments, Tasha was in the hut with both Ambori and Skarlett Black right behind her. The look on her face was nothing short of incredulous. "Garn? What's the matter?"

"You must leave. Immediately. There isn't much time!" Clerics had begun to hold him down to cease his sudden thrashing. "They're almost there," he added frantically.

"Who's almost where?" Tasha asked, concerned.

"He's delirious," one of the clerics interjected with a stern glare. "If you'll get out of here we can do our job."

"NO!" Garn hollered right into the wemic's faces, causing them to jump away in fright from the ferocious look he threw at them. "I am not delirious!"

Tasha placed one hand on each of Garn's shoulders and forced a peaceful smile. "All right, Garn. You're not delirious. Just tell me what's wrong."

The mage took several deep breaths before speaking yet again. When he spoke, it was in a very quiet, very conservative voice. "Not five minutes ago... " he began, his long black hair hanging over his face and his green eyes flashing brightly at them from beneath it. "I felt very Powerful magic being used...  close to here but much higher up. Like, at the top of the Tooth."

"Impossible," snorted one of the wemics. "No one can ascend the Dragon's Tooth without express permission from the Council of Seven. Everyone knows that."

Garn lashed out and violently pointed his finger at that very same wemic, causing him to jump and gasp in alarm. "Do not presume to tell ME what is impossible and what isn't!" he bellowed. He took a few deep breaths. "You are correct on one point...  no one may ascend without the...  permission," he sneered. "However, for those of the Magical persuasion, we have other means of...  Transportation that are somewhat quicker and more efficient."

"Than why in the hell did we waste our time in the Council Chamber if we could have just... " Ambori waved one hand mystically with a look of incredulousness upon his features.

Garnthalisbain glared at the mage. "For one thing...  I was indisposed at the time. For another...  It's very difficult to manage a spell of that magnitude. It was not something I cared to try at the time." He took a deep breath. "Now it seems that I have no choice in the matter."

"Garn... ?" Tasha began to ask then jumped back in alarm.

Rolling his eyes back into his skull, Garnthalisbain tilted his head and stretched both arms out to the sides. A wind had begun to blow inside the hut, Hal knew the ridiculousness of that thought, but it was true all the same. The sheets on the bed began to rustle then flap in the wind. Garn's thin and frail body slowly began to rise up off the mattress until his entire body was floating in mid air.

The wemic clerics that had tried to assist him were now huddled against one wall, eyes wide at the sight before them. Sparks of light had begun to blossom at the tips of Garn's fingers. The sparks turned into beams. Beams that danced and swirled in intricate patterns. The beams were joined by waves energy that appeared to course out from the core of Garn's being and flow down his arms, becoming one with the beams. 

So slowly that it became excruciating, Garn began to bring his hands into his chest, folding his arms at the elbows. The wind had increased in it's pace swirling so quickly that it was almost visible as it spiraled vertically right in front of Garn's floating form. 

Tasha watched the whole scene with her jaw hanging around her ankles somewhere. Skarlett Black had begun to shield his eyes with one hand, the light becoming very bright and intense. Ambori's face showed a combination of fear and awe. Hal was just amazed, never having seen anything like this before in his life.

The flickering beams at Garn's hands and the pulsing waves of energy had increased in tempo until they seemed to become one and the same. Then, with the speed of lightning, Garnthalisbain snapped both his hands out before him, the arms touching at the wrists and the palms out-thrust towards the spiraling winds. Garn's eyes were wide open and were glowing a bright green in color, contrasting the yellows and red of the rest of the light.

The energies streaked from Garn's hands and pierced the dead centre of the winds. The energies began to mingle and join the spiral, becoming one with and adding to it. In seconds, it had changed from being a mere coalition of the wind to becoming a swirling maelstrom of the binding forces of the universe. His companions stared at Garn in awe, never having doubted his abilities before and vowing never to even consider it again.

The beam ceased it's assault from Garn's hands but remained one with the maelstrom. Wordlessly, Garn inverted his palms so that the back of his hands were touching. Then, as if he were grabbing a hold of something very heavy, Garn clenched his fingers and began to pry his hands apart. As he did so, the maelstrom seemed to disappear from the middle outward. Then as Hal got a better look, the energies were just being forced away from the centre of the spiral and shoved to the edges. Once Garn's hands spread apart as far as they'd go, all could see what appeared to be a picture of a very rocky plain through the spiral.

Garn swung his glowing green eyed gaze at the companions and spoke in a voice that was simply laden with Power. "What you see before you is a hidden area an hour away from the peak of the Dragon's Tooth. You must go through my portal now and retrieve the Book."

Everyone seemed very nervous. Tasha spoke up. "Garn, why .."

"Dammit, Tasha! I can't hold this forever. Just go through and trust me that this was necessary! Just be careful, I think that someone on the 'other side' is already there and waiting for you!”

There was nothing left to say. "All right Garn. Thank you." And then, assuming the bravest posture that she could manage. Tasha boldly strode towards the portal.

Hal leaped forward and grabbed a hold of her shoulder. She turned back to him, greatly annoyed. But he held up one hand and spoke very quickly and very simply. "Please milady, allow me." And then making sure that his weapons and gear were all in place, Hal casually stepped through the portal.

Once through, it only took moments for the rest to join him on the rocky surface of the Dragon's Tooth.

*

Once everyone was safely through, Garn closed his eyes and let his hands drop. Immediately, the energies from the portal dissipated and were scattered back into the universe. Limply, Garnthalisbain's weak and ill body collapsed and fell from the sky. He flopped back onto his bed and lay there, completely unconscious.
Interlude - Fifteen Minutes Earlier

With a rasping sigh, Abalanor lowered his now empty wine cup and allowed his fire-eyed gaze to actually register the other people in the antechamber.

Braxin Balinvain stood directly before his throne, both hands folded in front of his chest and his head bowed slightly. The perfect posture of obedience. But the dark elf knew better. The former Court Wizard was still garbed in the gray robes of office though the chain that marked his position was gone from about his neck and was instead wrapped around one wrist. He stood there with six rough looking men of varying sizes and types. All six were armed with a different weapon and wore a black arm band high around they're right bicep with a sigil of the sun upon it.

"We are ready to do thy bidding, Master," Balinvain began in his mousy little voice, rubbing his hands together slightly. The six men behind him nodded slightly.

Abalanor wearily looked them over. With a sneer he spoke to his underling. "Where did you find these...  men?" he asked disdainfully.

Balinvain's head jerked slightly and he bowed to cover it up. "I did as you yourself suggested, Milord. I hired them."

"From where?" Abalanor repeated softly. Dangerously.

One of the men stepped forward boldly. The dark elf favored him with his blazing gaze and smiled slightly as the man's confident pose and expression wilted to one of reluctance. When it no longer appeared that he was even to say anything, Abalanor prompted him with a slight motion of one hand. The man almost collapsed as he said: "We are members of the Sunraiders, Milord. Mr. Balinvain came to our headquarters and offered us a great reward if we were to assist him with a minor assassination. We could hardly refuse... " He trailed off from there. 

Abalanor leaned his head back and allowed his charcoal black hair to settle more comfortably about the back of his neck. "I see," he said. "Well let me elaborate upon what you probably do not yet know." 

"This task that you have been...  hired for, is the most important task in the world today. Do you understand this?" The men gave each other a rather skeptical look. Abalanor slammed one hand down on the arm of his throne, the booming crash echoed resoundingly throughout the immense antechamber. "Do you understand?" he bellowed. Abruptly all six Sunraiders nodded their heads spasmodically. The dark mage seemed to relax again. "Good. For you see, failure, is totally unacceptable. If, for whatever reason, you encounter the people you are to do away with and you do not manage to kill each and every one of them... " He smiled thinly, emotionlessly. The men, including Balinvain paled at the sight. "There must be no survivors. Or there will be no survivors."

The sudden chorus of, "Yes Milords" was actually quite humorous to witness, though Abalanor did not laugh. 

He looked at Balinvain sharply. "Do you have all that you need?"

Braxin Balinvain nearly jumped at being addressed directly by his superior. "Yes, Milord" he squeaked. Then he cleared his throat and tried to speak in a more normal tone of voice. "Yes, Milord."

Abalanor nodded minutely. "I hope so. For your sake." Balinvain swallowed audibly.

Reaching out with one hand, the dark elf flicked his fingers once and then clenched. There was a brief flash of crimson light, and then in his fist was an oblong shaped rod about two feet in length. He handed it to Balinvain.

The wizard accepted it with a bow. "Pray tell, what is this device Milord?"

"That stave will give you and your men passage to your destination atop the Dragon's Tooth."

Balinvain nodded. "I see, Milord."

Abalanor stared at his underling for a long moment more. Then: "Are you expecting something else, Balinvain?"

"No, Milord."

"Then what are you waiting for?"

Taking the ever so subtle hint, Braxin Balinvain gathered the collection of Sunraiders about him. Clenching the stave with both hands after taking a moment to examine it thoroughly, the wizard closed his eyes and concentrated. Within moments, all of them began to glow with an eerie red light. There was a slight thunderclap, and they vanished. Leaving the dark elf alone with his thoughts.

*

If Krehgal could have had anything he wished for at that moment, it would have been death.

He sat in the very throne Abalanor had been in when he'd first made contact with Xir, allowing him to tear open the Rift and draw upon the extra power he needed. Upon making that connection, Abalanor realized that Xir needed something else. He needed a host body to inhabit when he returned to the Lands. Something to contain the massive energies of the Ancient Prisoner as he re-emerged upon this world.

And without a doubt in his mind, the dark elf did not want it to be his own.

That was why Krehgal was strapped into the throne. That was why Abalanor and established with a mystical link between Prince of Southmoor and the Dark Twin. 

Every second of every day was living hell and damnation for the disgraced knight. At least that's how it felt. Krehgal could feel Xir exploring every single particle of his being, flooding it with a bare fraction of the Power that was his to draw upon. Every second of the day, it felt like he was being pulled apart by the seams and then thrown back together. And then ripped apart again. The agony was excruciating.

But that was nothing compared to actually seeing Xir in his mind.

All that Krehgal could actually see anymore was the archmage himself. The dark figure with the crimson staff that drew upon the Powers of the Universe and gave them directly to Xir. In contrast, Xir himself directed that Godlike Power at one point and only one point in the gray mists of his prison. 

And that point was directly on the link tied to Krehgal. 

IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF TIME, Xir continued to say. Over and over. It was like a mantra for the archmage. Something he said to keep himself calm as he burrowed a way through his prison. IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF TIME.

And after an unknown number of days of being connected with Xir, Krehgal could only bring himself to really think one thing.

"...  it's only a matter of time...  it's only a matter of time...  "

Chapter 24 - The Dragon's Tooth

Garnthalisbain's disappeared with a snap, the wind dying in a rush. Tasha spun a full circle to get a better idea of her surroundings. 

All four of them were standing on a steep, rocky plateau. And judging by the clouds to the sides and even below them in some cases, all evidence pointed to them being near the peak of the mountain. 

Ambori's face was as white as a sheet, his eyes trying to bulge out of his head. Skarlett laid a supporting hand on the distraught bard's shoulder and spoke soothingly, trying to keep him calm. The wemic seemed to be having no problems with what had happened, simply accepting that everything had worked out the way Garn had said it would. 

Hal was sitting on a large rock outcropping with his large, half-moon bladed axe out and at the ready. His hair was slowly becoming loose from the thong he had tying it back and was fluttering about in the stiff, icy breeze. The expression on his face was one of calm patience.

And me? Tasha had wrapped both of her arms about her slender frame, hugging herself protectively and trying to keep her teeth from chattering. That she was alarmed by the suddenness of arriving at their destination would be an immense understatement. 

Gods, I'm terrified.

"Is everybody all right?" she asked.

Hal nodded once, slowly. Skarlett waved one hand absently. Ambori however looked like a frightened animal. "I think so," he said quietly. "I mean, there's nothing wrong with me...  but I feel as if...  I don't know how I feel."

Tasha stood next to him, quelling the quivering in her belly with a firm, clenched jaw. "Do you need time to settle down before we go?" Ambori started, glancing at her in surprise. She shrugged. "We're here. Let's just go and get it over with."

Put on the spot in front of the others, Ambori took a moment, breathing deeply. Then he shook off Skarlett's hand and straightened his back. Then he closed his eyes and shook his head lightly. Bravely, Ambori opened his eyes and forced himself to look down at the clouds and beyond them to the earth so far below. His face started to look a little green around the gills again as he forced his gaze away. "I just wish we weren't so high up," he mumbled.

Skarlett chuckled softly behind him. "That's why it's called a mountain, Ambori. Because they're mountainous."

The bard frowned. "I think you've got the origin of your term backwards."

"Quite possibly. I'm only an historian after all."

Ambori shook his head again and sighed.

Tasha marveled at the hand-carved path of stairs that stood before them. Each stair was at least three feet long and a foot wide making the half-hour climb up the mountain's peak very easy. Although given the altitude and cold winds, also very dizzying. There were no handholds and nothing to grab onto in the event of a fall.

Hal walked up next to her and added his gaze up the staircase as well. His battleaxe was replaced in his belt loop but it's leather safety sheathe was nowhere to be seen. Tasha frowned up at him. "What do you think?" she asked the big man.

Hal blinked once before slowly looking down at her slim frame. "I beg your pardon, milady?" 

"What do you think?" she repeated.

He blinked again. "That's what I was afraid you said," he mumbled. Scratching at the back of his head, Hal peered back up the staircase and squinted. Then, after a few silent moments of that he turned towards Tasha once again. "About what?" he asked.

"What?"

"Exactly."

Tasha just barely kept herself from continuing that line of the conversation. Running a hand over her eyes and taking a deep breath, she started over. "What do you think about our current situation?" she clarified.

Hal's eyes seemed to light up as he caught on to what she was referring to. "Oh!" he began brightly. "Well, I think it's pretty...  uhm, inter...  uhm...  different from what I thought. I mean, I was figurin' we'd have to at least climb the mountain but... " He was abruptly cut off as Tasha reached up and cupped her hand over his mouth.

She frowned at him almost angrily. "I'm going to make this very simple, Hal. I know that you are not that stupid." He started to say something but she swung up her other hand in an abrupt silencing motion. "I know it. Now, in case you hadn't noticed, this is hardly the time or the place for messing around. So, if you don't mind, I'd like you to answer my questions as seriously as possible. Okay?" Hal nodded. She lowered both hands and took a deep breath. "Good. Now, you heard what Garn said about there being people up here waiting for us, right? Good. So, what do you think we should be expecting?"

Hal shrugged. "Just about anything, milady."

"I don't understand."

The big man frowned at the thought of trying to explain one of his ideas. "We don't know what might or might not be up there, waitin' for us. So we gotta assume the worst."

"How so?"

"For starters, we gotta believe that there's someone around every corner. In every shadow. For all we know there's a legion of guys up there in plate mail with a whole fleet o'wizards with 'em. You see, if we expect something along those lines... "

"We'll be ready for just about anything. I get it. Thanks, Hal." She looked over to Skarlett and Ambori. They were just taking one last accounting of their gear and making sure that everything was still strapped in place. Skarlett unconsciously continued to swish his tail back and forth as they waited while Ambori rubbed at his arms fiercely, trying to keep out the chill wind. Tasha found herself mimicking the bard, wrapping her arms about herself, trying to quell the sick feeling in her stomach. 

Do not throw up, Tasha. Do not!

"Milady?" Hal said, comfortingly laying one of his large hands on her shoulder. She looked back at him and was forced to blink. The rising sun had just reached it's mid-morning level and was directly behind Hal, silhouetting him in an almost ethereal way. Strangely, it gave Tasha the courage to say what she had to say next. 

"Gentlemen?" Skarlett and Ambori looked up expectantly. "It's time."

*

Maybe the others are right, Ambori thought to himself as he reached the top of the chiseled staircase. Perhaps my outfits, though rather colorful and elegantly fashionable at the same time, are not the best of possible choices for approaching a potentially dangerous situation stealthily. Then he sighed. Oh, well...

Leaning back he motioned with his free hand that he'd reached the top without incident. He did not turn back to look however. The last thing that he needed right then was an eagle's eye look from thirty-thousand (give or take a few million, Ambori thought queasily) feet straight up. His stomach was lurching enough at the mere notion of being that far from the ground. Never mind how his heart seemed to burst every time a strong gust of wind blew by or whenever his hand or foot slipped a bit from it's ever so tentative and slippery perch. 

And to think that some people actually do this for fun!

At the the peak of the Dragon's Tooth was exactly what they were told would be there. A rather oddly natural looking plateau that stretched at least a hundred meters in diameter. At the very center was ad immense temple that seemed to have been built out of the mountain itself. There was no seam between it and the peak proper. Atop the broad double doors of the temple jutted out the carved head of some large serpentine beast. It had wide eyes that sat a ways behind the long, pointed snout. The mouth was wide open, displaying an elegant set of very sharp teeth. 

Tasha scooted up beside the bard and took the whole scene in with one quick glance. "Nice decor, eh?" he whispered to her.

She frowned darkly at Ambori, her hand twitching from it's spot on the top stair. "Don't you start with me too, bard-boy. I don't have the patience today." She scanned over the whole peak of the mountain before carefully sliding up off the staircase. After a moment's hesitation, Ambori did as well. Within seconds, all four members of the party were standing side by side in front of the temple.

Ambori winced at the dozen steps leading up to the double doors of the temple. "Not more stairs," he softly whined. Then he gaily dodged out of the way of Tasha's sharp, backhand swipe. He held both hands out in front of him, grinning slightly. "I know, I know...  Neither the time, nor the place. Blah, blah, blah."

Tasha pointed a finger at him sternly. "Just make sure you remember that when it counts." Ambori promised that he would.

After waiting a length of time in front of the temple without anyone doing or saying anything at all, Ambori began to get concerned. "Are we just gonna stand here, or are we going to go in?" he asked.

Tasha shook her head. "It's not that simple... " she began but Skarlett politely cut her off. 

"I beg your pardon," the wemic cleric began. "But why not? There is obviously no one waiting out here to attack us, and this is apparently the only way in."

"Yes, but... "

"And besides," he went on. "We have the very simple advantage that we know there's someone in there waiting for us. However, the longer that we wait out here, the less of an advantage we end up having.”

Tasha closed her mouth and seemed to think about the situation. needless to say, Ambori's nerves were just too high strung to withstand the lack of doing in this case. If we're going to get in a fight, let's just do it and get it over with!

"Milady," Hal said softly, offering his reassurance with a confident gaze. That seemed to bring Tasha out of her stupor and allowed her to think once again. Without a word, she strode towards the temple and up the stairs. Hal was right behind her while Ambori and Skarlett brought up the rear.

The double-doors were made out of the same stone as the rest of the building and were consequently incredibly heavy and difficult to move. After straining with it for a few moments, Tasha got very red in the face as she remembered who the powerhouse on the team was. "Hal, if you wouldn't mind... ?" she asked, gesturing towards the doors casually. 

He nodded once and stepped forward, pressing against the stone door forcibly. When it didn't move, he frowned and pressed both hands (one on each door) and heaved against them. Again, they didn't budge one inch. On the third try, Hal strained to gather up every ounce of strength in his muscular frame and pushed with all of that might behind him. He did this until his face was a solid purple in color before Tasha and the others were forced to pull him away from the doors.

"Hal!" Tasha cried to him. "Calm down, there must be another way in!"

"Damned door," Hal muttered, sweat pouring down his face. Steam rising from his body due to the chill. 

"Let me take a look," Skarlett asked. "Maybe there's something magical about it, some special way in..."

"Bloody, door..."

"That's a good idea Skarlett, you do that. Ambori, give me hand with Hal, here. See if there something we can do to calm him down. I've never seen him like this before."

"Has there ever been anything that he couldn't force open before?" Ambori asked.

Tasha shook her head. "Not to my knowledge."

"Damn, bloody door... "

"Hal will you calm down?" Tasha asked him angrily. "It's just a door!"

Ambori glanced away and watched as Skarlett stood directly in front of the doors and studied them carefully. His eyes began to glow the same color red as his hair while he peered at the structure. In the time that it had taken to do that, Hal had lurched away from Tasha and had jumped down the steps to the temple.

"Hal, what are you doing?" Tasha screeched.

Ambori watched in amazement as Hal took a very deep breath, held it for as long as he could and then slowly let it out. Then the big man took one step back, bouncing slightly on the balls of his feet. He took another deep breath, held it for as long as he could and then let it out as well. Then he stepped back once more. A third time he repeated this before crouching down slightly. On the fourth breath Hal he charged forward.

"Skarlett! Move!" Ambori cried as Hal barreled forward like a stampeding bison. The wemic started out of his daze and frantically padded aside as the enraged Hal flew past him.

The instant before he touched the stone of the doors, the big man bellowed out in some semblance of a battle cry: "OPEN!"

The stone doors snapped wide open in that instant with a loud crash as they struck the inner walls. Hal barreled through and fell solidly on his face as his head of steam reached a sudden lack of impact and threw him completely off balance.

Ambori watched in amazement as Hal's large frame slid across the smooth stone floor to the base of a thirty-foot tower. The tower overlooked what appeared to be a circular pool of water approximately fifteen feet in diameter. On either side of the staircase leading up to the tower were two ten-foot statues of what looked like men with lion's heads and a tail to match. At the top of the tower was a landing. Atop the landing was a remarkably plain but functional stone altar. 

Resting upon the altar was a wooden stand holding a leather-bound tome, all of which was encased within a solid glass container. 

Standing before the altar was Braxin Balinvain.

The former Court Wizard stared in amazement at the sight of Hal and the others as they followed the big man into the the room. "Balinvain!" Tasha cried out in surprise.

Skarlett snarled bestially and pulled out his mace, brandishing it at the mouse-like man. "Stay away from the Book! It was not meant for the likes of you!"

Balinvain sneered. "That is hardly for you to say, cleric. And besides," he raised one hand and held it before him, the fingers shaped like claws. "I'm aware that I cannot take the book. The warding spell upon it prevents me from doing so. However, I can make sure that none of you will ever be able to take it!" 

Hearing the slight scrape of a boot on stone behind him, Ambori moved without conscious thought. He dove away from Tasha and Skarlett, tucking into a shoulder roll. Sliding up to one knee, Ambori deftly plucked a dagger from the left sleeve of his billowy shirt and hurled it directly behind him.

The deadly piece of sharpened steel flickered end over end in the dim torchlight and passed harmlessly over the heads of the six men standing with weapons drawn directly behind him.

There was an embarrassing moment in which all six of them stared at him and his friends with grim looks upon their mostly ugly faces. 

That was when his dagger struck the far wall with a loud clatter. Ambori placed one hand over his eyes and sighed. "That was not a good start," he muttered.

Balinvain laughed harshly. "Sunraiders," he cried out to the men. "Earn your pay!" As one they saluted the wizard with their weapons and charged forward with a yell.

Skarlett shoved Tasha towards Balinvain. "Get the Book," he shouted. "The bard and I will deal with these ruffians!" Wordlessly Tasha nodded and headed for the staircase to the tower. 

Balinvain sneered and shifted his aim directly towards Tasha.

Suddenly enraged, Ambori snatched a second dagger from a hidden sheathe and hurled it at the mage as hard as he could. Unfortunately, one of the Sunraiders struck him from behind as he was doing so. The blade whipped right past the wizard, causing him absolutely no damage.

But Balinvain was startled by the sudden appearance of a sharpened metallic object flying by him at a great velocity. So startled that he apparently forget the spell that he was working on and jumped back in surprise. The wizard stumbled back and bumped into the glass case covering the Book of Korum, knocking it off it's pedestal and shattering it into little bits.

At that moment, the eyes on the two statues at the base of the tower began to glow a bright blue in color.

Ambori spun away from the man attacking him and called out to the cleric. "Hey Skarlett! I can handle these morons. Go help the big guy, it looks like Hal's going to need it before I will!"

*

Off in the back of his mind, Hal dimly heard the sound of people talking. Right up at the forefront of his mind, he was aware of precious little else beyond the pain he was feeling in his head and on his chest. He could feel the blood trickling down his face from the wide cut high on his forehead from where he'd scraped it against the stone floor. His chest was on fire from the explosive exertion and from a similar scraping sensation. As Hal slowly pushed himself up from the floor he moaned at the pain. Shifting onto his side, there was no doubt in Hal's mind that the grinding sensation in his chest came from several broken ribs. 

Faintly he became aware that there was some sort of Battle going on. Hal forced himself up to a sitting position. All that he could see was red and cloudy. Hal clumsily wiped his sore hand across his face, trying to clear away the blood in his eyes. After blinking several times, Hal recognized Ambori and Skarlett amidst a group of men. He saw Ambori throw something at... someone Hal couldn't see and then get a very regretful expression on his face.

Softly, Hal began to curse his own stupidity. He had been ashamed at not being able to do something as mundane as open a door that he'd let the weeks of frustration at his own inadequacies during the trip boil over. Now this had become another one of his inadequacies for the whole group to see. 

Just another of the dozen things I've done wrong on this trip.

Feeling suddenly very warm, Hal blinked and saw Tasha rolling away from the tower as a billowing pillar of fire chased after her, licking at her heels before it dissipated. Enraged once again, Hal surprised himself by managing to rise to his feet. He was then astonished when he actually managed to stagger several steps towards Tasha while drawing his axe at the same time.

Anger is greater than pain. Duty is greater than my body.

Tasha looked up and saw Hal lumbering towards her. She winced at his injuries. I guess I look even worse than normal. 

Then Tasha screamed pointing at something behind him. 

Hal didn't hesitate.

Putting all of his remaining strength in one swipe of his axe, Hal pivoted both feet and whipped his axe behind him. He was rewarded with the feel of the half-moon blade solidly crunching into his adversary.

Feeling safe, Hal tried to pull his axe away from the corpse. It didn't come free. Wiping his free hand across his eyes again, he cleared away the blood and got a better look.

His axe blade was buried to the haft in the stone waist of what appeared to be a giant statue of a man with a lion's head. At first, this didn't alarm Hal too greatly. Then he saw the lion's head peer down at him, it's eyes glowing a bright blue and it's teeth bared in a snarl. 

Alarmed, Hal tried to jerk his axe free when one of the statue's stone hands clamped around the big man's throat and hoisted him up into the air. Hal frantically gripped at the stone forearm with his comparatively puny hands. His legs kicked weakly at the creature, his toes just barely brushing against the statue's chest. 

Within moments, Hal was gasping for breath, begging for it. As the lights began to go out, the memory of his near drowning flooded back to him. It added to his panic and with one last surge of frantic energy, Hal kicked and fought and scratched and wrestled... and was set free.

Tumbling to the ground some feet away, Hal gasped for air and reveled in it's cold, surprisingly sweet taste as it filled his lungs. Awareness slowly returned.

Skarlett Black continued battering at the golem that had been holding Hal suspended in the air. Pulling his mace back, the wemic smashed down one more time, chipping small pieces of it away with his prodigious might. A second statue, one that Hal hadn't seen yet, was approaching from behind on Skarlett. But the cleric apparently knew that it was there when he supported himself on his forepaws and lashed out with both of his hind legs, knocking the statue back several feet.

Tasha was off to the side dodging yet another sheet of flame, tumbling safely out of harm's way. She had dropped her sword, continuing to run from one side of the temple to the next, trying to keep ahead of the flames that were being hurled at her and diving for cover.

The bard seemed to be having just a grand old time, still surrounded by a group of Sunraiders. Two marauders were down in puddles of their own blood while the others were just being completely befuddled by Ambori's tactics. One man nearly sliced his friend in two when Ambori slid between that man's legs to safety. The other two accidentally ran into each other after the bard leaped over one of the men's heads and the second barreled headlong into him. Both of those men fell to the ground trying to reorient themselves.

The man whose legs Ambori slid between charged, his sword held high. The bard sprinted straight for him and then slid on his back right into the man's legs. Effectively tripping him up and sending him to the ground. Ambori knocked the man's sword skittering away. 

Kicking back up to his feet with his incredible agility the bard made ready for the next man. This one came in on Ambori warily, a heavy dagger in each hand. Ambori then made a comment, provoking the man. The bard sidestepped a double-bladed lunge and grabbed a hold of the man's hair. Using the Sunraider's own momentum, Ambori swung him around and tossed him away so that he could deal with the next man. 

The Sunraider came charging in, swinging a morning-star high over his head. Ambori back-flipped away from the overhand swipe and ducked low under the desperate backhand sweep. Taking full advantage of the man now that he was off balance, Ambori leapt high into the air and tightly wrapped his legs about the Sunraider's neck. That done, Ambori threw himself backwards, dragging the now helpless man with him. In a flash Ambori was atop the man, pinning the Sunraider to the floor. A quick swipe with his dagger across the exposed throat and it was all. 

Ambori jumped back up to his feet and staggered. The acrobatics were keeping him alive but the effort expended was rapidly exhausting him.

Tasha appeared in his view, sliding behind cover immediately before the base of the tower. Her amber eyes blazed brightly in the dim chamber and her hair was wild as she stared up at the mage. Flames and sheets of lightning began to rain down at her, but she held her ground. The energies passed her by, tearing furrows into the stone floor to either side of her position.

"Hal!" called out a deep, breathless voice. Turning his gaze, Hal saw Skarlett Black quickly trotting over to him. In the background the wemic had arranged for the golems to crash into each, giving Skarlett the break he desperately needed.

The cleric skidded to a stop before the big man and dropped to his haunches. Without a word of warning he slapped a massive hand onto Hal's blood-sticky head and closed his red eyes. There was a sudden surge of light behind Hal's eyes. It felt as if his whole body was being pricked by a needle-sharp tool at one time. Then it felt as if ice water had replaced his very blood as a deep, soothing chill filled him to the marrow of his bones.

The light was gone. Hal blinked and Skarlett was already back to his feet, hoisting his mace once again. He looked even more tired now then he had before. "That was... the best I could do... Excuse me." He panted before charging headlong at the first of the statues and hammering on it with his mace. The second one gave him a bye and began to advance on the still seated Hal.

Hal vaulted to his feet feeling in a rush, his body responding with the thrill of adrenaline and the surge of sudden fear. His ribs were healthy and as strong as ever, back in their proper place. The cuts and scrapes were gone and the pain he was feeling had become something he could ignore in the face of danger once again. Hal could tell that he was still a bit woozy from the blood he'd lost but he'd been in worse conditions before. 

The golem advancing on him had a wide slash at about the waist level. As Hal took a closer look he saw the haft of his axe still lodged there, never to be used again. 

Hal looked up into the glowing blue eyes of the man-lion statue and was incredibly nervous. Clamping one hand down on the large hilt of the broadsword at his waist, Hal took a deep breath and whispered a silent apology to Aeros for having to actually use the sword and dishonor it with his ineptitude.

He unsheathed the three foot blade with one solid pull and marveled. The normally ebony colored blade was practically aflame in sapphire blue light. It was incredibly cool to the touch and light in weight, much less than that of a normal broadsword. As Hal wielded the weapon, leveling it point first at the statue, he watched the blue light creep down the crosspiece and flow over his hands. As it did an overwhelming feeling of sheer Power rushed into Hal's body that he had never before experienced and that he sincerely hoped would never stop. 

That was when the unfeeling stone statue came fully into his view once again and reached down for him. 

Hal bat the extended hand away with one swipe of his blade and looked up into the glowing blue eyes. He smiled. "Good night," he softly whispered. Then he reared back with the sword known as Stormbringer and swung.

Feeling only a slight resistance, Hal cleaved the bottom half of the statue's leg cleanly off its' body. The statue teetered once before it tumbled to the ground with a loud crash. Even then, it's good leg and both arms still waved about frantically. Desperately it tried to grab a hold of the big man once again.

Knocking away the flailing arms, Hal stepped up on the statue's broad chest and swung Stormbringer around until the point was leveled directly at the wemic-golem's chest. Without another thought, Hal reared back and drove the point home. Stormbringer's impact sent a bright surge of blue flame into the golem which was accompanied by a literal thunderclap. 

The statue's arms continued to flail, but much more slowly. Eventually they stopped, frozen in position. In fact the whole thing was completely frozen as Stormbringer turned the statue's magicked stone into pure, crystalline ice.

Hal stared in wonder at the sight of the now transparent statue for a long moment. Then he realized that there was still a battle to be fought. With that, he got a firmer hold on the sword's hilt and fiercely twisted the blade free. The shock of the motion created another thunderclap and the ice statue shattered into a million shards, spreading out across the floor of the temple in all directions.

Standing in the direct center of the remains, Hal stared about him in wonder, the whole incident completely beyond his comprehension. Then he took a long look at the still glowing sword in his hands and examined it from all sides. "That...  wasn't exactly what I was expecting," he mumbled.

Then Hal turned away to find their next target.

Chapter 25 - Tasha

"Get the Book!" Skarlett shouted, shoving her bodily out of the way of the advancing Sunraiders. Without thought, Tasha turned away from Ambori and the wemic and ran at full speed for the tower. No plan for how she was going to deal with Braxin Balinvain entered her mind. The only thought she could concentrate upon at all was the one driving force that had spurred her from the first moment after she had received her in the bathing chambers in the Vineyard grove vision:

She had to get the Book!

With sword in hand, Tasha skipped over the almost unmoving form of Hal and began to climb up the steps. Worry about him later, she told herself. No time right now.

Then, instinctively, Tasha knew that she needed to dive out of the way. Reflexively, Tasha stopped her forward motion, pivoted on one foot and pitched herself headfirst back down the stairs. Behind her there was a sudden rush of air and an incredible swelling of heat that licked at her heels as she dove.

Reaching the bottom of the stairs Tasha tossed her sword aside and tucked her shoulder, allowing her to roll free from the blast. Fire raged against the stone floor of the temple bare inches away from her tumbling form. 

Rolling to her knees Tasha was amazed. The stone floor between herself and the mage was bubbling and warped from the heat. Braxin Balinvain stood atop the tower laughing at her. 

The wizard raised one hand and pointed but Tasha was already running to one side. She dove again, rolling and sliding away from the veritable wall of fire.

A sudden loud crash reverberated throughout the temple. Tasha tore her gaze away from the wizard for one moment and saw that Skarlett had managed to knock one of the man-lion statues down on top of it's duplicate. She saw Hal trying to rise to his feet with a massive welt around his throat. Skarlett trotted over and placed one hand on the big man's head. There was a slow pulsing light that emanated from them for a second but Tasha had to fling herself backwards and away from the ball of fire that lanced down from the top of the tower.

How does she keep moving so quickly? A frustrated, masculine voice boomed in Tasha's mind. My Power is greater than this mind-bender. 

Tasha was so astonished that she almost didn't dodge the next fireball in time. Without meaning, Tasha had gotten a mental lock on Balinvain's mind and was able to anticipate his attacks. A swelling of effort and concentration from the former Court Wizard was all the warning Tasha needed to throw herself to one side as a torrent of flame erupted past her.

This was the first time that Tasha had established a link with anyone unconsciously. Also she had never considered the idea of using her gifts to read an opponent before. 

How many other things am I capable of? Could I have done more on the way here if I had only... More concentration tweaked in her mind, Tasha threw her body aside in time.

Save it for later, she admonished herself as the ground began to shake and crack open beneath her. Leaping from one crumbling piece of floor to the next, Tasha managed to reach some stable ground and catch her breath.

Now I've got you! Balinvain thought triumphantly as half a dozen little blue and white projectiles rocketed down at Tasha's kneeling form. Tasha tried to jump up and away, but one of the missiles struck her solidly in the shoulder and spun her to the floor.

There was a smoking, charred patch on the shoulder of her tunic and her entire arm had gone completely limp and numb. Nothing seemed be broken and there wasn't any blood so Tasha hoped that she was all right. And as the wizard readied himself to launch another fireball at her Tasha rose painfully to her feet and stared at the man defiantly. 

They continued this game for a while longer, Balinvain casting and Tasha moving aside the instant before. The more she dodged, the more irate and inaccurate the wizard became. But the more that Balinvain slung at her, the more exhausted Tasha became. 

Finally Tasha collapsed to the floor, crying out in pain. She had tried to leap over a crevice that Balinvain and created in the floor while dodging another barrage of missiles at the same time. Tasha's fatigue misjudged her footing, wrenching her ankle out of alignment.

Balinvain paused, staring down at Tasha with an evil grin spreading across his mouse-like face. He raised one hand and leveled it at her, slowly pulling each finger into a fist until only one remained to point down at her. And now you die, the wizard thought confidently as he slowly began to gather the Power.

Tasha forced a smirk onto her pain streaked face. Didn't your mother tell you that it isn't nice to point? she taunted him mentally, sending all of the sarcasm that she could muster along with the thought.

The wizard was rocked. He lost his grip on the power he was gathering and staggered back against the Book's altar. "Who... ?" he asked aloud, swinging his head back and forth in sudden alarm. "What ..?"

Now, now Braxin Balinvain. You mind your manners or I'll whip you worse than your daddy ever did! Tasha projected at him while painfully trying to rise. 

Balinvain refocused his gaze on Tasha. "Are you doing..." he screeched. "Are you inside my head?"

What do you think?

Balinvain screamed.

Tasha began to limp towards the tower, keeping her link with the wizard open. Once he stopped his screaming, Balinvain started smacking both sides of his head as hard he could, trying to physically dislodge Tasha's presence from his mind. Tasha laughed aloud and let it carry across the link. Balinvain got very agitated and started to lurch around, occasionally slamming into the altar. The Book remained firmly upon it's stand, not wavering at all upon it's seemingly precarious perch.

Now be a good boy, Braxin, Tasha thought, pouring as much conviction into her thoughts as possible. Call off your men and come down from that tower so that we can discuss things like civilized people.

The wizard was in tears, sobbing on his knees like a child not getting his own way. "Please get out of my head," he whimpered. "Please."

If you come down from the tower, I will. 

"Do you promise?" he asked hopefully.

I promise.

The wizard seemed to think about it for a moment. Then: "Okay."

Tasha could hardly believe her good fortune.

Balinvain slowly rose to his feet and began to trundle over to the staircase when a third mind slammed violently into the link, startling Tasha so badly that she lost her balance and collapsed back to the ground.

"Master!" Balinvain cried, dropping back to his knees and raising both his arms up over his head.

Tasha received the mental image of a man lounging comfortable in a well-cushioned throne. The man was garbed all in scarlet and had a cowl covering his face completely. But Tasha did notice that the skin on his hands and forearms were almost the color of charcoal.

I am very disappointed in you, Balinvain, spoke the figure in a harsh whisper. The sound of fingernails across the blackboard. I give you a very simple task, and here you are. On your knees before these whelps. 

"I'm sorry, Master! I...  I don't know what came over me!"

How fortunate that I do know then, so that I might educate you. The image of the man snapped his fingers sharply and Balinvain screamed, suddenly writhing around in pain. You were reduced to a quivering puddle of water after this girl-child made some witty remarks to you! The voice was no longer whispering.

"I'm...  I'm surrealistically!!"

I am losing patience with you Balinvain! I want these people dead! They pose a threat to our Lord Xir and therefore must be eliminated, do you understand me?

Balinvain would not halt his screaming.

The figure appeared to relax. His attention shifted away from the sniveling wizard. Tasha became incredibly frightened as the mental gaze of this being passed across her and seemed to judge her worth right there on the spot. Tasha felt herself shaking with fright at the image of the scarlet robed magus. 

You are a strong one, aren't you? the being asked. Tasha could not have thought up a response under the threat of death. That deep went her fear. The being laughed. Yes, a strong one for a woman, aren't you? 

Tasha slowly stopped shaking as the being laughed again, harshly. 

Demeaningly.

What did you say? Tasha softly demanded.

The man stopped his laughter and regarded her more closely, seeming to lean forward in his throne. Oh dear, he said with great sarcasm. Did I offend you? I certainly wouldn't ruffle your feathers madam. He sighed deeply. I always forget how you members of the weaker sex get offended so easily.

All semblance of her fear was gone now. Every ounce of it was immediately replaced with pure, heartfelt anger. Years of being coddled as the Baron's daughter and a lifetime of chauvinistic attitudes had enraged her to the point where her fear became fuel for her convictions. 

Tasha gathered up her mental energies and held them in reserve as she spoke to the figure. You know, you've got a fairly smart mouth for someone as far out of his element as you are.

The figure chuckled and leaned back in his throne. Oh? Do tell. I'm just dying to hear this.

It was Tasha's turn to laugh then. It was forced, but still a laugh. Dying? Unfortunately not today. But I'd be looking over my shoulder if I were you. Because, we're taking the Book and we're going to use it to stop Xir from re-entering the Lands. And when that happens you won't have a leg left to stand on.

You seem fairly sure of yourself, woman. Especially without your bodyguard to protect you.

Tasha's anger flared. I don't need a bodyguard to take care of the likes of you!

The figure chuckled. Oh really?

With relief, Tasha unleashed every ounce of the energies that she'd been holding back and directed them all right at the cowled figure. The man grabbed at his head with both hands and arched back, howling in sudden agony. 

Tasha smiled then as she ceased her mental barrage. Yeah, really. Then she sliced at the man's connection to her link and completely severed it, slamming his awareness back into his physical form. The man's howl echoed in her mind for long minutes afterward. 

Bringing herself back to the matter at hand, Tasha took a brief moment to examine the situation. 

Very little had changed. 

Hal was just getting to his feet as Skarlett charged back into battle with the Book's golem protectors. Ambori was still hopping and skipping his way around the crew of Sunraiders that he was battling. 

Balinvain was back to his feet and the confusion that Tasha had held over him before was gone. 

Her link with the wizard was still established only now Tasha felt like a limp noodle, mentally and physically as she painfully rose to her feet once again. Her arm was no longer numb so it took this time to complain about the discomfort it was feeling while her ankle was fiercely protesting the amount of weight that she was forcing it to hold up. 

These she ignored as she faced the wizard.

The mousey Braxin Balinvain stared down at Tasha in wonder. His expression was more thoughtful than any she had seen on him before. It seemed somehow more confident, more outwardly intelligent. He smiled down at her, still in wonder but with some calculation going on in the back of his mind.

"It seems," he said, speaking strongly without any sense of weakness whatsoever. "That I owe you a favor."

To say that Tasha was surprised by this would be a severe understatement.

"You see," Balinvain went on. "What you have done for me today was something I have been unable to do for years. Abalanor, my master, has had my mind linked to his for the past seven years. And in all that time, I have not had a thought to myself." He paused significantly. "Do you have any idea what that is like?

"Of course not, how could you know? But now... I'm free of him. I can do what I want, I can think my own thoughts...."

Fantastic, Tasha cut in hopefully, too tired to speak out loud. Then you'll assist us in stopping this battle and then in keeping Xir from ever reaching the Lands?

Balinvain stared at her as if she had gone mad. "Don't be silly dear girl. I may be thankful to be my own man again. But I know that rooting for the losing team is hardly a good way to stay alive in this world." He shook his head, laughing softly. "No, I think I'll do one last thing for Abalanor and finish what I started." He lashed out his arm directly at Tasha. Stark white streams of lightning blasted down from his fingertips and streaked towards their target.

Tasha squeezed her eyes shut. Too tired to move. To sore to dodge. She merely huddled in on herself and tried to make herself the smallest target possible.

When several seconds passed without her being killed, Tasha reopened her eyes.

Balinvain was staring down at his hands in moderate surprise, shaking them out diligently. He looked down at her and smiled, slightly less confidently. "Oh, don't worry. I won't miss again." 

Then he snapped both arms out again and let loose another barrage.

Tasha kept her eyes open and tried to repeat what happened the last time. Once again, the individual flames and electrical surges passed right by her, striking the ground immediately in front or to the side. 

Tasha blinked in absolute amazement.

"Stop doing that and let me kill you!" Balinvain snapped as he continued the assault.

Abruptly Tasha realized that the link she held with the wizard was so strong that her desperate thoughts of survival were actually affecting his aim. It wasn't like he was completely missing her, but Tasha was consciously forcing the wizard to fire his magicks off target.

Tasha found herself laughing at the wizard's renewed frustration. Balinvain redoubled his efforts and soon stopped concentrating on specific spells at all, eventually resorting to just delivering blasts of sheer Power at her. All of which missed and slammed into the temple's floor. 

This soon became a stalemate in the truest form. For Balinvain could not afford to loosen his attack on her because it would give her the chance to retaliate where as Tasha could not retaliate because it soon took all of her strength just to keep Balinvain's energies from touching her. And while Tasha just seemed to get more and more tired, Balinvain impossibly appeared to be getting stronger. His offense increasing while her defense began to falter.

Off in the corner of her eye, Tasha saw a pulsating blue light heading in her general direction. 

In the other corner of her eye, Skarlett was on his last legs. Every time that Skarlett hammered his mace into the golem he fought, the wemic himself weakened more than his opponent. In contrast the golem seemed not the worse for wear, a bit dented and chipped in places. But still in perfect working order.

The golem swung an arm at the wemic's head. Skarlett just barely ducked and scooted around to its back. The claws in his feet scrabbled across the slippery stone floor as he tried to find some sort of purchase. As the golem turned, Skarlett reared up on his hind legs and placed his forepaws on the broad stone chest to steady himself. At that point the powerful cleric reared back with his massive mace and let fly.

The iron mace crashed solidly into the left side of the golem's head and sent it rearing back and staggering away as Skarlett dropped back to all fours. Leaning against the tower for support, the golem righted it's equilibrium and came forward at Skarlett once more. It's one remaining eye still glowed a bright blue in color as it advanced implacably on the cleric.

Skarlett Black's shoulders slumped noticeably as there came the sound of a thousand pieces of fine glass shattering.

Balinvain was relentless in his assault, sending wave after wave of energy down at her. Tasha's head soon began to throb even worse than her ankle and shoulder did combined. The match-up wasn't really all that fair seeing as how Balinvain had the powers of the universe to draw on while Tasha merely had her own inner will forcing her on. Very soon, Tasha had dropped to her knees. Tears of frustration rolled down her face. She would not stop. 

She could not stop!

Ambori slid into view, limping slightly from a leg wound. His hat and cape were missing and his flamboyant tunic was torn wide open. Tasha caught a glimpse of a long gash running from shoulder to waist. He had a dagger in each hand with fresh blood dripping off each. Two men advanced on him, one carrying a sword and the other an axe.

The axe-man charged at the bard, swinging in low with his weapon. Ambori used the man's head as a take-off point and flipped over him, landing with a roll in front of the swordsman. A missed swipe created a shower of sparks against the stone floor as Ambori dodged aside and kicked the man's feet out from under him with a wide sweep of his leg. The Sunraider tumbled painfully to the ground where Ambori proceeded to turn him into a pincushion, stabbing him repeatedly with both daggers.

The axe-man came charging in again, his heavy bladed weapon held high. Ambori barely managed to catch a double handgrip on the haft of the axe. Rolling back with the Raider's forward motion, Ambori placed both of his feet in the man's gut and hurled him several feet away. The axe skittered away.

The axe-man painfully tried to make it to his feet as Ambori retrieved one of his daggers from the rapidly cooling corpse. Ambori charged in, stabbing downwards with his weapon. The Sunraider reacted instinctively, grabbing hold of the bard's wrist. They remained locked for a moment or two, twirling around like a pair of obscure dancers until they disappeared from Tasha's line of sight.

Tasha was supporting herself on all fours, her eyes painfully squeezed shut as she continued to just barely make Braxin Balinvain go slightly awry with his magick. The wizard was frantically extending his barrage, not allowing Tasha even a second in which to breathe. Tasha's lip began to bleed from where she was biting on it. 

She prayed for just a second's respite. 

Pleaded for it!

There was another impossibly loud shattering. Loud enough to cause the wizard's assault to falter, but not halt. Tasha snapped open her eyes to see what had happened. 

Skarlett Black was lying unconscious at the base of the pool. All around him were crystalline pieces of what had formerly been the golem he was battling. Amidst the wreckage stood Hal. He was bare to the waist, his tunic and cloak shredded to nothing. His hair was loose and whipping about as some unseen wind slowly settled back down to nothing. 

In the big man's hand was what appeared to be a solid bar of flaming blue light. He held it reverently in both hands , staring at it in awe for a moment before swinging locking eyes with Tasha. His eyes widened as he realized what was going on.

Help me, Tasha pleaded, not knowing if Hal had heard her or not.

Whether he did or not made no difference. The big man's eyes narrowed dangerously and he shouted out wordlessly as he ran towards the base of the Tower. Ambori, having dispatched his foes, beat him there and was already limping up the stairs.

Balinvain got a disturbed look on his face. Tasha could feel the conflict as the wizard stalled on dealing with the charging Hal and Ambori for fear of halting his assault on Tasha. But as Ambori and Hal got near he was forced to act. 

Pulling away from Tasha, Braxin Balinvain redirected his energies and launched a blast of Power directly at the bard.

Ambori, unable to dodge the burst, was caught directly in the chest and flung off like a rag doll. His now limp form sailed loosely back down the staircase, towards the unrelenting stone floor below. 

Hal, who had been some distance behind Ambori, abruptly tossed Stormbringer aside and leapt as high as he could. With a frantic grab, Hal managed to catch the flailing bard's body in mid air. Both men tumbled away and fell back to the bottom of the tower in a heap. Ambori was unmoving while Hal slowly made it back to his feet, new pain etched across his face.

Balinvain frantically turned his attention back to Tasha, once again setting up his assault against her... but it was too late.

Tasha got her break.

With every fabric of strength that Tasha had left in her battered and beaten frame, she lashed out at the wizard's mind. She reached across the link, grabbed a hold of Braxin Balinvain's psyche and struck at it as hard as she possibly could.

Balinvain's head rocked. He clapped a hand to each temple and dropped to his knees, howling in agony. Blood leaked out of his ears as he lowered his forehead to the stone of the tower floor.

For the next few moments Tasha was very woozy and unable to tell what was happening around her. Then Hal was there. He slipped a hand under each of her arms and propped her up into a sitting position before wrapping his arms about her and shouting into her ear to bring her to her senses. 

"I hear you," she mumbled softly much to Hal's relief. "Stop shouting."

They said nothing for a long moment. They just relaxed and waited until they each caught their breath a bit before speaking. 

"Are you okay?" Hal asked.

She nodded jerkily. "Uh-huh. You?"

Hal shrugged. "Better than I was, milady."

A pause. "Is Balinvain dead?"

Another shrug. "I dunno."

Tasha sighed and valiantly struggled to haul herself up to her feet. "I'd better go see... " she muttered. But Hal slowly forced her to lie back down.

"Wait here," he said calmly and walked over to the tower. He retrieved Stormbringer, the sapphire blue flame around the weapon had dissipated and the sword was now once again a simple, elegant blade. Hal stared at it with an empty look for a long moment before sliding it home in his sheathe and leaping up the tower stairs.

Tasha sighed quietly and waited.

*

As Hal reached the top of the Tower, Braxin Balinvain was lying facedown in a small puddle of blood. His mousey frame was huddled up and shaking spasmodically. 

Note. Don't make Tasha angry enough to melt your brain.

On the altar was the plain wooden stand and atop that was an equally plain leather bound tome. Across the brown leather cover was inscribed: The Book of Korum.

"I guess this' what we came for," Hal muttered as he reached for the Book. 

As his hand neared the tome, he felt a slight tingling sensation through his fingers that passed up his arm all the way to his chest. There was then a faint resistance before a flash of blue-white light sparked around the Book. The resistance fell away and was gone. 

Hal blinked, checking to make sure that the Book was still there. It was. So Hal reached out and picked it up. It was rather large, about two handspans in length and one and a half in width. Not too heavy though. Hal smirked. Thicker than any book I've ever read.

Turning from the altar, Hal felt something grab at his leg. Looking down, Hal saw Braxin Balinvain's hand was clutching at his pants and was refusing to let go. The wizard's eyes were wide open in amazement as blood continued to trickle out of his ears.

"The Book..." he whispered in abject amazement. "You've got... the Book." Hal tried to jerk his leg free, but he was disturbed by the horrified look the wizard threw at him. "Give it to me," he pleaded. "Give... it..."

Hal shook his head. "I don't think so."

Balinvain's expression didn't change. "Then die.”

Hal's body was launched up onto the stone altar by a greenish bolt that rocketed from the wizard's hand. Hal wheezed in pain, clutching at his chest with his free hand while making sure that he still had a firm grip on the Book. In the background, Hal heard Tasha scream his name.

Balinvain was on him in an instant. Despite being the obvious inferior in size and strength the ferocity with which he attacked Hal was almost beyond belief. Both little fists slammed into the big man's face repeatedly, drawing blood from his nose and temporarily blinding him. 

Feeling the wizard reach for the Book, Hal tried to shove him off but found that there was no getting rid him. Balinvain hung on with more determination than a piranha as he scrabbled for the Book. Scratching and clawing all along Hal's arm as he did so. 

Both men were laying across the altar. Hal on his back, holding onto the Book with both hands while Balinvain was practically straddled on top, also with both hands on the Book. They struggled back and forth, pulling this way and that like two angry children squabbling over a toy.

"Give me the Book!" Balinvain screamed. "Give it to me!"

Out of the corner of his blurry eye, Hal saw that Skarlett had recovered and was slowly making his way to the staircase. 

"Give me the Book!"

"Skarlett!" Hal shouted. The wemic looked up in surprise. 

Gripping the Book as tightly as possible, Hal pulled back and slammed it into Balinvain's face as hard as he could. The wizard cried out and tumbled back, releasing his hold and flailing. Hal then blindly pitched the Book of Korum off the tower into open air.

"NOOOO!!" Balinvain screeched, starting to leap after the tome. But Hal grabbed a hold of his robe and hauled the smaller man back, flinging him down onto the altar. Balinvain began to punch and kick at the big man once again, laying into him with everything he had. 

Quite irate, Hal climbed to one knee and caught one of Balinvain's erratic punches in his meaty hand. The wizard's expression rapidly changed from insane anger to intense agony as Hal closed his fist.

Running his free hand across his nose to wipe away the blood, Hal sniffed. "That's enough of that," he muttered angrily.

"You broke my hand," Balinvain whimpered.

Hal grunted, trying to get a better footing on the altar.

Balinvain curled in on himself. "You'll pay for this!" he cried out. "You'll all pay dearly!" And with that, he shoved against Hal as hard as he could.
Shocked by the motion, Hal lost his grip on Balinvain's crushed hand and teetered on the edge of the altar for a moment, wobbling back and forth before he finally tumbled back and fell free.

Spinning a full circle in the air, Hal howled in fright the whole way, landing with a resounding, painful splash in the pool at the base of the tower. He spluttered under the water for a few seconds as he tried to regain his senses. But then a hand grabbed forcefully at his hair and hauled him out to dry. 

It was Skarlett. 

"Are you all right, Hal?" the wemic asked carefully.

Gracefully, Hal hacked and wheezed over the pool's edge for at least half a minute. That done, he looked up at the tower and searched for some sight of Balinvain. He was nowhere to be seen. "Balinvain... " he spluttered. "Where ..?"

"Gone. In a big flash of light," Skarlett explained.

"The Book?"

Skarlett produced it from under his arm and pat it once. "Right here."

Hal sighed once, deeply relieved. And then he heaved himself out of the pool.

Skarlett padded over to where Ambori was slowly recovering while Hal looked at the mass carnage that had taken place in the last few minutes. 

Then he saw Tasha trying to get to her feet once again.

Obediently, Hal limped over to her, ignoring the squishing sounds his sodden boots made whenever he took a step, and took both of her hands in one of his. "Please, milady. You've had a rough day."

She chuckled ruefully, accepting his assistance without complaint. "I guess you could say that, yes."

Hal sighed heavily. "I wish I could have done more to assist you all."

"You did more than enough, Hal. More than enough."

"Perhaps, but I ended up the way I started this trip," Hal said softly but with a slight twinkle in his eye. 

"And how's that?"

He shrugged and ran his fingers through his soaked hair. "All wet."

Tasha stared at the big man incredulously for a brief moment. Than she laughed softly and shook her head. "Yeah, I suppose you did at that." She ran her fingers through Hal's hair then, flicking droplets of water away. "You are definitely one of a kind, my friend."

"If you say so, milady."

Tasha laughed out loud then and wrapped both of her arms around his massive torso, leaning her head against his chest. "Oh, Hal." she sighed. 

With an expression of sheer uncertainty on his face, Hal carefully wrapped his arms around Tasha as well and held her close.
Epilogue - Preparations

Xir was irate.

Floating in the grey mists of his prison, he was, for the most part, completely preoccupied with his efforts for escape. He held the staff out in front of his soulless form and continued his relentless assault. 

All was going according to plan. Nothing would stop him now. 

Then...

Someone removed the Book.

In the exact moment it happened, Xir was so astonished that he ceased his battering of the mists and stared out about him in wonder.

The child... 

Xir created before him in the mists an image of the tall, exceptionally powerful warrior and studied it from all sides. 

It was the child!

The simulacrum was obliterated in a blast of crimson and a shower of sparks.

How could this have have happened? he seethed. Precautions were to have been taken...

Knowing where to find answers, Xir levered the staff at the barrier once again. A bolt of crimson power erupted from it's tip with an intensity even greater than before. The mists visibly buckled and writhed under the assault. Off in the distance a man screamed out in agony. 

ABALANOR!

Feeling the magus jump at the thunderous sound of his voice, Xir focused his rage upon his mortal vassal. The ancient arch-mage received the mental image of the dark elf staggering to his feet. Blood seeped from the elongated ears and the normally handsome elf's charcoal colored face was lined and worn, as if he were intensely exhausted.

Yes my Lord? What can I do for...

HOW COULD YOU ALLOW THE BOOK OF KORUM TO HAVE BEEN TAKEN? I ORDERED YOU TO HAVE IT GUARDED FROM THOSE WHELPS DID I NOT?

You did my Lord. But you see...

THERE ARE NO EXCUSES FOR FAILURE OF THIS MAGNITUDE!

But my Lord...

SILENCE! YOU WILL NOT SPEAK TO ME AGAIN UNTIL I GIVE YOU SPECIFIC PERMISSION.

Wisely, Abalanor kept his thoughts to himself.

NOW, SINCE YOU HAVE PROVEN TO ME THAT YOU ARE INCAPABLE OF DEALING WITH THESE CHILDREN, I WILL BE SENDING YOU SOME ASSISTANCE!

Abalanor blinked in surprise and anticipation but said nothing.

WITHIN THE RIFT YOU WILL HAVE ACCESS TO THE NETHER REGIONS. WITH MY AID, YOU WILL WITHDRAW FROM THERE AS MANY DAEMONS THAT YOU FEEL WILL BE NECESSARY TO ERASE THOSE CHILDREN FROM EXISTENCE. AND IF EVEN THAT PROVES TO BE INADEQUATE... WELL, THERE ARE ALWAYS OTHER OPTIONS.

The dark elf meekly bowed his head in silent acquiescence.

*

Twilight.

Somewhere in the depths of the Forest of the Dead, Braxin Balinvain opened his eyes. He was buried under a literal pile of moss and filthy undergrowth. This allowed him to safely hide from the mortal world. With a slight surge of Power, the former Court Wizard soon made himself invisible from the immortal world as well.

He stared at the starry sky above angrily. Wearily. All that he could think of was revenge. Revenge on those whom had caused him to fall from grace. To fall from favor with his Master.

And revenge would be his. 

Just not today.

First and foremost, Braxin Balinvain needed to hide from Abalanor until things settled down one way or the other. That was the reason for the wards and the disguise. But it could be quite some time before the dark elf decided to give up the chase.

With one last surge of Power, Braxin Balinvain cast himself into a deep, deathlike trance and waited. 

Asleep.

Ten years pass... and he awakes...


For the people who knew I was writing this almost 20 years ago who encouraged me to finish it. I'm almost there, guys. I promise.
“The Book of Korum” was originally written by the author when he was 19 years old in honor of a seriously fun tabletop session. After an extensive edit, the author is aware that this book is somewhat incomplete, but he did not wish to completely alter the work of his younger self. However, he intends to continue writing the adventures of Tasha, Hal and Garn into 2014!




Author’s Note and Legal Disclaimer
The preceding work of fiction is intended for entertainment purposes only. Any reference to actual places is only to provide a sense of space and relevance for the reader, and is in no way meant to take advantage of or exploit other people’s properties or brands. In addition, any similarities between characters mentioned in this book and actual people is purely coincidental.
Please leave a Review of this Book HERE ( https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/365757 ) I would love to hear what you thought, positive, negative or otherwise.
If you have enjoyed this book I invite you to follow my other works and join the OVERDRIVE Official Facebook Page HERE ( https://www.facebook.com/OverdriveSeries ) and start a conversation. I will be visiting as often as I can to provide insights and updates for future stories and answer any questions you might have about this or anything else I might have written or done.
You can also follow me on Twitter ( @OutlawAK) . Through this forum I will talk about the progress on my future books, upcoming pro wrestling dates, my workout routines and various other entertainments that make me laugh. Hopefully I'll make you laugh too!
Thank you very much for taking a chance on my work. Writing has been a passion of mine for as long as I can remember and I am grateful that you took the time to read my work. 
Regards,
Adam Knight – October 9, 2013 
OVERDRIVE Book 2 “OUTLAW JUSTICE” Coming Spring 2014 !!
