Don’t Just Speak Love
A YA fiction novel 

Copyright © 2013 by Chalie Teh 
All rights reserved.

Published by Chalie Teh at Smashwords

Summary: Eighteen-year-old Averie’s life is turned upside down when she’s instructed by her long-missing mother to enrol in an international college despite her being a local. Soon after, Averie discovers she is a nephilim (part human part angel) and her young life drastically changes from awfully droning to incomprehensibly hectic as she juggles college, bullying, demanding training sessions with a surprisingly fit seventy-year-old, family issues, and the one thing she’s most skeptical of—love. 

First published in Singapore, 2013






For Z, a pen pal I have never met­, but will always value all the same—Remember the promise I made five years ago? Well, it definitely took me some time, but it’s finally kept now. Thank you for believing in me, my dear friend.




















Chapter 1 
The Out-of-the-Ordinary Transfer

Late. I’d never thought the word would apply to me. 
Sticking my new iPad with retina display into my backpack and slipping my arms into the shoulder straps, I crashed out of my bedroom. 
I couldn’t believe I was already tardy on my first day at Black Gold International College, especially not after I’d been specifically briefed about the importance of punctuality by Mrs. Bernadette, the senior teacher who’d overseen my admission. 
I sighed. I had to hope I’d be let off easier since it was only my first day. 
I was, indisputably, a good student. Teachers always favoured me, because I had zero disciplinary and social issues to my name, alongside a perfect report card. I’d never failed to submit a single assignment on time, and I was never late for school...until today, of course. 
I’d had the most ridiculous yet strangely preoccupying dream last night—something about a weird, horned creature that radiated crimson beams—and hadn’t heard the alarm this morning.
Passing the cheval mirror next to my bedroom door, I gasped in a sharp breath, exasperated when I glimpsed the state of my bed hair. It was outright awful, and I wasn’t even particularly vain. I made a quick attempt to smooth it, combing my fingers through the disobedient strands randomly before leaving it at that. 
My hair was hopeless without a shower. Nevertheless, I stepped out of my bedroom and locked the door. I didn’t have time to contemplate a shower, let alone take one.
I scurried toward the staircase leading down to the ground level of my parents’ house—a lovely, perfect, and totally envy-worthy tri-storey terrace along Holland Road, Street Thirteen. At least that was what it seemed on the outside. Near the start of the stairs, I spotted my father's haggard form on the antique marble floor in the living room below. Lying on his side, he was asleep fully dressed—in black shoes, dark trousers, and a white shirt that clearly hadn’t been pressed. But really, what could I expect when he hadn’t even changed in three days? All around him were cigarette butts and empty alcohol bottles. He appeared very drunk, but I wasn’t surprised.
Ever since my mum left the family seven years ago—leaving behind just a short note telling us not to worry (as if that were possible) and to take care—he’d hardly been sober. I knew my father loved my mum more than anything else in the world, but still, to squander his life like this was beyond irresponsible, and I despised him for being so weak. 
Paying no heed to him, I left the house, slamming the front door on my way out. It didn’t matter how used to it I was, the sight of my drunken father never failed to annoy me.
I arrived at the main entrance of my new college a half hour later, and Black Gold looked the same as the other time I was here to get my enrolment done. It was still every bit modern, classy, and brand new. The school buildings—matching the uniform—were mainly white and grey, with a dash of colour here and there. Like most places in Singapore, green richness were everywhere, in a riot of nature ranging from lush pastures to buoyant flora to sprightly shrubs to grand, vivacious trees. While a large, open quadrangle took up the middle of the compound, there was a running track that looked no different than the one used in the recent Olympics Games sitting to the left, and off to the extreme right were two chic, lofty flats with breathtaking finishes to them. You would never have guessed those were student hostels, they were simply too extravagant for that. 
Despite being late already, I hesitated to set foot on the unfamiliar campus, uncertainties seizing me. This college wasn’t like any other government schools I’d always gone to, but an international one. Would I be able to handle the schoolwork? Would I make new friends? What would my new school life be like? Yes, Black Gold looked amazing, but that didn’t guarantee I would enjoy my time here. 
Inhaling deeply, I carried on. It was only for a school year. Enjoyable or not, I’d make it through.
Black Gold International College was a high-tech educational institute located in the south of the island. It provided students with secondary to tertiary education, serving mainly children, aged thirteen to eighteen, of expatriates in Singapore. I was seventeen going on eighteen and, since I’d passed my level’s proficiency test, I would be joining the senior year. 
At my previous school—a local junior college (JC)—I’d been in my final year, working my butt off in preparation for A Levels in November, and now that I was switching colleges midway through the year, I couldn’t help but freaked out somewhat.
The thing that bothered me most, though: I was a Singaporean. Why would someone born and raised locally end up in an international school in her own country? My mum had better have a good reason for this abrupt and out-of-the-ordinary transfer.
Yes. My mum. 
The mum that I hadn’t been in contact with for seven years. Three nights ago, I was in the midst of revisions for my March Common Tests when the doorbell rang. When I went to get the door, there was no one outside, only a handwritten note weighed down by a stone:
Enrol in Black Gold International College ASAP. You’ll meet a man by the name of Albion Demeter Savant. Follow his guidance, and you’ll eventually understand everything. Mum.
Despite the absurdity of the request, I went on to enrol in Black Gold the next morning. She’d been a wonderful mum—loving and devoted—right up until the day she’d left, so there had got to be a legit reason behind her irresponsible behavior. 
All these years, I’d chosen to believe that. Okay, so maybe I had to believe—it was the only way I could keep going.  
I walked through the gates, only to be stopped by the buffest and oddest security guard. His hairdo was really...unique, and the way he carried himself—how he was constantly speaking in a singsong manner, his numerous hand gestures, and well, pretty much everything about him—was flat-out weird. He was also the youngest security guard I’d ever come across on school grounds or anywhere else. He was, at most, in his thirties. Way too young for this job.
After I’d signed my name on the latecomers’ list, I whipped out the school map Mrs. Bernadette had given me yesterday and started in the direction of the quadrangle. What happened to students who had their names on that list? 
A black mark? A lecture, maybe?
Anxiety crawled down my spine, and I shook my head, dismissing the thoughts. There was no need to speculate. After all, I was going to find out, sooner or later.
By the time I came into the quadrangle, I’d to refer to the map. Thankfully, the classroom block was only next to the quadrangle, so I cut through it and headed up north, peering around nervously the entire time. 
My homeroom class was on the sixth floor, so I scuttled along the hallway of the classroom block in search of a staircase, going past classes that had already begun lessons. Classroom 1A… 1B… It should have been near—Mrs. Bernadette had mentioned yesterday that staircases were next to class C on every level. Coming up to 1C, I tensed as I took in the figure of a tall and thin white woman in her middle age who also happened to be the last person I wanted to run into right now—Mrs. Bernadette. When I realised she was busy with roll call in 1C, I relaxed slightly. Hoping to stay out of her peripheral vision, I tiptoed past the class as noiselessly as I could manage.
I was about to round up the corner leading to the staircases—
“Hold it, Averie.”
Brilliant. 
I turned around to face the music in no hurry, groaning inwardly the whole time. It was only my first morning here, and this seemingly difficult teacher had already noticed me. 
C'mon, do things really have to be like this?
Mrs. Bernadette crossed her arms and, raising an eyebrow, prompted, “Averie?” 
“I can’t find my class,” I said in a tiny voice, hoping—in vain—for the slightest hint of sympathy.
“That’s no excuse to be late,” she chided, then switched her austere gaze back to 1C. “Asa, do you mind guiding Averie here to her class? You should know the way.”
An Asian boy with fine raven hair and soft features in an endearing face stood up from the seat closest to the door. “No problem,” he said politely before making his way out of the classroom. Reaching me, he nodded to my right. “Let’s go.”
“Aren’t you supposed to ask me what class I’m in?” I asked Asa as he took the lead.
“6C,” he said knowingly as we ascended the stairs.
I stopped short. It seemed that I already was a celebrity here because of my nationality. “How do you know that?”
Asa, who looked younger than his age because of his childlike face and pint-sized frame, regarded me with a grim expression—an expression that didn’t sit well on him. “Please do not speak to me unless it’s of absolute necessity. You will get bullied otherwise.”
I laughed. Who spoke like that? “Enlighten me. I don’t see how talking to a kid like you would get me bullied.”
“Just don’t talk to me,” he insisted with a straight face. There was no sign of humor in his tone, so I dropped the topic and walked on in silence.
In the middle of yet another staircase, Asa stopped. “Go up this last flight of stairs, and the first classroom to your left will be 6C.” He turned to leave.
“Hey!” I called out as he started striding down the staircase. When he glanced up in response, I gave him a grateful smile. “Thanks.”
And he pulled his eyebrows together. 
“What’s wrong?” Was he mad I’d spoken to him when he’d told me not to?
He turned away and continued down the stairs. 
Okay, this boy definitely was an odd one. Watching in confusion as he went back the way we’d come, I shrugged. 
Let’s just get to class. Swivelling around, I crossed paths with another tall and thin Caucasian. This one was a student, about my age. 
With both hands coolly tucked in his pockets, he glowered down at me.
“What?” I demanded, the disdain in his emerald green eyes annoying me.
He, too, ignored me and strolled away indifferently. 
I watched him go with a frown. What was the matter with the boys in this school? Remembering the more pressing matter at hand, I snapped out of my daze and hurried to the classroom on my left. Steeling myself with a long, deep breath, I knocked on the door. Here came the part I was feeling most nervous about: meeting my new classmates.
The young female teacher inside the class gestured for me to come in so, tentatively, I entered the classroom. Painfully aware of how every pair of eyes was focusing on me, and me only, I clasped my hands tightly together behind my back. 
The teacher, pretty in a pixie cut and a stylish ivory dress, glared at me for a long moment—no joke, no exaggeration, she really did that. “This is your new classmate, Averie,” she then said in a monotone, her eyes still darting daggers in my way. Well, I was no longer looking at her now, but I just knew that—I could feel the hostility in the air around us. “Like Chastity, she’s local.”
Another Singaporean in my class...that was some news. I needed to find out who Chastity was—I hoped we’d get along—but, more importantly, what was up with this teacher? The way she looked at me…like she wanted to strangle me right then and there.
“Nice to meet you,” chimed a girl sitting by the window.
“There’s no need to be friendly, Acacia,” spat the teacher acidly.
I was starting to get the quivers. Every word coming from this teacher was spoken with malice, and I didn’t even know why she was acting this way. Was I that unlikable? Or was everyone treated the same?
Despite my anxiety, I smiled back at Acacia appreciatively, staring directly into her beautiful hazel eyes. This girl was gorgeous. She had got the kind of exclusive good looks that revealed her mixed parental heritage—most likely a blend of Asian and European blood—and the air of elegance around her suited her sharp, exquisite facial features perfectly. Coupled with her sweet voice and her tall, slender frame, she could’ve easily been the prettiest classmate I’d ever had. 
In the seat next to her was the surly white guy who’d stared at me in the hallway only minutes ago. Who was he? 
To my dread, the teacher turned her attention back to me. “It’s very nice to meet you, Averie. I’m Ms. Evaline, your homeroom and chemistry teacher. Now, would you please take a seat two rows behind Acacia?”
I nodded quickly, and Ms. Evaline grinned, looking all devilish and hair-raising. At this point, I could be perfectly sure of one thing: this teacher must be extremely unstable up there.
With two hands, she held up a thick stack of paper from her desk. “I’m afraid homeroom is over, and we’ve a test to take this morning,” said Ms. Mentally Unstable in a voice so nerve-rackingly sweet, it made my teeth ache. 
And a test? Straight in my first lesson at Black Gold. Which also happened to be taught by a psychotic teacher. 
Great. Absolutely awesome.
“And please take this.” Ms. Psychotic handed me a sheet of A4 paper using just the tips of her long, bony fingers. 
Seriously? 
What was the matter with her? 
With a straight-out grimace, she said, “It’s your class schedule for the year.”
Losing no time, I snatched the schedule from her and hustled to my assigned seat, which turned out to be a window seat in the second row from the back. A bit of good luck, finally.
Usually, I preferred to sit nearer to the front so I could get a clearer view of the whiteboard, but today, I was more than glad to be sitting right at the back. More distance between Ms. Psychotic and me was—without a doubt—a good thing.
The girl in front of me dumped a test set onto my desk as I sat, and I calmed a little. I recognised most of the questions—Quantitative Analysis, easy as pie—so all the studying I’d done at my last school had paid off after all.  
I’d my test filled up in no time, but stayed quietly in my seat, pretending I was still working hard at it. I didn’t want to get a reputation as a snobby show-off right on day one. And besides, the last thing I needed was further attention from Ms. Psychotic.
When first period finally ended, Ms. Psychotic made us pass our tests to the front. Getting ready to head to our next classes, everyone started discussing the answers to the test within their circle of friends. Not having any friends, I took out my class schedule and scanned it as I walked out the classroom.
My next lesson was Mathematics—another tutorial class. Silently, I prayed for it to be as manageable as Chemistry—content-wise, anyway—as I settled down in Mrs. Bernadette’s class. The minute she turned her attention to the class, I sat up straighter to make myself look more attentive. Mrs. Bernadette was obviously a no-nonsense teacher, and besides, I ought to make up for my earlier tardiness. I didn’t want her mistaking me for a sluggish student.
Mathematics lasted for an hour, and God bless I sat through it peacefully. Mrs. Bernadette was exactly the way I thought she’d be—strict and completely serious. I didn’t mind, as long as she was reasonable—which she was. 
When lunch break came two classes later, I was immensely relieved the rest of the morning had passed uneventfully. I’d been able to handle all my classes, and the other teachers were nothing like Ms. Psychotic. 
In the corridors, students were strolling noisily to lunch in cliques, and I was about to follow them when Acacia hooked her arm around mine enthusiastically.
“C’mon,” she said, grinning widely. “Let’s fix that hair before you get lynched.”
“Er—oh, okay.” Her friendliness took me a little by surprise, but still, I smiled back gratefully. “Thanks.”
Acacia led me to the girl’s washroom, and I followed meekly, way too glad to have her around. She’d been so nice to me earlier, and it was starting to look like having some good friends here would be the only way I’d make it through the year.
After my bed hair was sorted out, Acacia gave me a vague introduction to the school layout as we made our way to the cafeteria. “There’s a ladies washroom on every level of every block so finding one shouldn’t be a problem. The computer labs, science labs, and staff offices are in that block.” She pointed to the five-storeys building next to this one. “And the school hall is right above the cafeteria that I’m bringing you to now.”  
“Okay.” I nodded, trying my best to absorb everything. 
After a short walk across the quadrangle, I followed Acacia into the chaos of the cafeteria. Looked like lunch was buffet style. Like the rest of the school, the cafeteria boasted a fantastic, modern design as well. Tastefully decorated walls, shiny laminated flooring, and innovative furniture made up the room. There were plenty of white or dark long benches and tables of different lengths arranged in neat, diagonal lines at the back of the cafeteria, with an S-shaped buffet table in a cool bluish colour occupying the front. Chattering students shuffled in and out of the place constantly, and the tables were full of students in loud, animated conversations. The noise and liveliness here was nothing lesser than the lunch din in my previous college.
“The food’s nothing fancy,” said Acacia as we got in the lunch queue, “but it’s not bad.” 
It looked pretty fancy to me, actually, but I didn’t want to offend my new friend so I kept my mouth shut.
When it was our turn, Acacia passed me a plate, and I loaded it up with food, piling on grilled salmon, fruit, an organic yogurt, and a bottle of water. When I was done, I caught up to Acacia, who was already waiting at the end of the buffet line. 
There were only a tiny sandwich and a yogurt drink on Acacia’s plate. I looked at mine and went red with embarrassment. In truth, there wasn’t that much food on my plate, but compared to Acacia’s...it was a lot. 
Acacia herded me toward the tables in the far left corner where a big group of year six students was sitting. Several people waved Acacia over as we got nearer to the group, and I was thankful when they smiled and said hello to me, too.
“Acacia!” A blond pretty-boy with an average build motioned for Acacia to sit down beside him. “I’ve saved you a seat!”
Acacia beckoned for me to sit opposite her. “Averie, this is Elliot Wagner. He’s from the US,” she introduced jovially. “Elliot and Jace are both my sidekicks.”
Elliot laughed and took a bite of his cheeseburger. “I’m honoured to be, milady.”
From the affectionate way Elliot looked at Acacia, it was obvious he liked her, and I wondered who the other sidekick, Jace, was.
“Of course,” Acacia flirted back, and several guys wolf whistled. 
I’d skipped breakfast this morning, so I dug into my lunch while the rest of the group teased Acacia and Elliot. They were still on the topic when I started scooping up the last of my lunch. I’d swallowed a few mouthfuls of yogurt when I spotted someone familiar at the door across the cafeteria.
“Asa?” I rose from the bench, calling out enthusiastically to the boy who’d helped me find my way to class earlier on. 
The chatter in the cafeteria died off at once, and everyone’s gaze fell upon me. Even Asa was looking at me as though I’d made the worst mistake of my life, and for a long moment, nobody said a word. 
Acacia eventually broke the scary silence. “Averie,” she said, her voice low and dangerous, “you’re new here so I’ll forgive you this time around, but let me make things clear: nobody in this school speaks to him.” She threw an icy glare in Asa’s direction. 
Okay, Asa wasn’t joking when he’d warned me not to speak to him...
“Now, sit down, and I’ll let this slide.” From Acacia’s deadly stare, I knew I should just sit down and shut up to avoid landing myself in a sticky situation, but something within me refused. 
I didn’t get it. How could an entire school ostracise a thirteen-year-old boy? Especially one with a face that lovable; it was incomprehensible. 
“But...why?” I found myself asking and regretting just a second later when the contents of an entire bottle of orange juice sloshed into my face.
Asa leapt in to my rescue while I turned to ice, standing there dumbly. “Don’t do that, Jace!” 
Jace—Acacia’s other sidekick—turned out to be the surly white guy I’d met in the corridor earlier today. Maybe I would’ve still considered being friendly to him despite this morning’s exercise in hostility, but now, it was clear that he was a total jerk.
“That’s what you get for not knowing your place, newbie,” he said to me in a low whisper, and I almost punched him in the face to enlighten him about his.
I was actually glad when Asa tugged me away before I did. I certainly didn’t want to get into trouble for something as stupid as fighting on my first day.
Students stared at us as we exited the cafeteria, but I kept my juice-dripping head held high the entire time, refusing to show any sign of weakness, even though I was completely mortified.
“I told you not to speak to me, haven’t I?” snapped Asa angrily once we’d left the cafeteria.
“Why are they bullying you?” I demanded. “Anyway, you’re the one speaking to me now.”
Asa whipped around and met my eyes, a look of obscurity on his face. “I couldn’t possibly leave you there like that, could I?” 
“Okay, thanks, but you haven’t answered my question.” 
Someone else fell into step with us—an Asian girl with black, straight tresses pulled back into a long ponytail. That rosy, oval face; that dark hair; that slight frame; I’d seen her before, but I was too flustered now to remember where. Maybe back in class just now?
Turning to Asa, she spoke to him in an unexpectedly kind voice. “I’ll take her to the nurse to get a change of clothes then get her cleaned up.” She looked to me, still smiling. “Don’t worry, you can trust me. I’m Chastity Tan, by the way. You can call me Chaste.”
Still in a little bit of a daze, I gave a slight nod. So this was Chastity, the other Singaporean Ms. Psychotic had mentioned. 
“Stay away from me from now on,” Asa cut in. “Give them a few weeks, and they’ll forget about this.” Before I could get a word out, he let go off my arm and scooted off in the direction of the classroom block.
I sighed tiredly. What had I gotten myself into? It was only my first day here, and I already wanted to transfer back to my old school.
After Chaste got me a fresh uniform and a towel from the infirmary, she steered me toward the nearest girls’ bathroom. Inside, she ran one of the taps and gestured me toward it. As I lowered my head under the running water and waited—trying hard to be patient about it—for the juice to wash out of my thick, shoulder-length hair, Chaste leaned back against the sink next to mine.
“I used to go to a JC, but sometime in October last year, I was offered a brilliant scholarship to sign up for classes here. That’s how I ended up in Black Gold.” 
“I see.” I took off the little heart-shaped locket around my neck to run it under the tap, rinsing the juice off the gold. I’d had the locket for as long as I could remember, and I’d never taken it off—until today—because my mum had told me not to. It was a precious gift from someone very special to our family, she said. 
“If you don’t mind sharing right, why did you enrol in an international school?” Chaste asked.
I hesitated. “My mum told me to enrol in this freaking school,” I said eventually, but went no further into the details. I hoped Chaste would pick up that I didn’t want to share anything more than that. 
The sound of water draining echoed loudly in the quietness of the washroom.
“So...what’s up with Ms. Psy—” I corrected myself swiftly, “Evaline. Is she always nasty or did she happen to be in a foul mood this morning?” 
“Ms. Evaline replaced our previous homeroom teacher. She came one month after me, and I’ve never seen her this irritable until this morning. Don’t take it to heart, Averie. Maybe she had a bad morning so she took it out on you leh?” 
Finally, there’s someone who actually speaks Singlish. 
“Maybe lor,” I replied back in Singlish as I put my locket back on, not knowing what else to say.
She turned off the tap and, with an earnest smile, wrapped the towel around my hair before passing me the clean uniform. I found myself liking Chaste already; she felt like the sincere and tactful type—the type that would make a wonderful friend and be a great pleasure to get along with. “You’d better change quickly. We don’t want to be late for our next class, do we?”
Certainly not, so I changed as quickly as I could, all the while steeling myself for Acacia’s wrath, and whatever else the day had in store for me.
When I was done, Chaste pushed the door open, and I stepped out after her with a heavy heart. 
It was going to be a long year.
Chapter 2
Possessed

By the time school was let out, I was all burned out, even though it was only four in the afternoon. Trying to become accustomed to a new school would’ve been hard enough, but with opponents like Acacia and Jace, who also seemed to be the most prominent characters in class—if not the entire school—it was rapidly turning into my private hell.
Tomorrow will be better, I told myself endlessly, but still, I was convinced it wouldn’t be. 
Regardless, I would have to press on. At least until I met the Albion guy in my mum’s note.
I stepped into the safety of my room and locked the door. My bedroom was the only place in the entire house where I would linger, and the door to this one safe place had to be locked at all times. Had I left it open, my father would’ve, most likely, wrecked it in one of his drunken rampages—just as he’d done to all the other rooms in the house. 
There was absolutely no sign of order or organisation in my pink-and-white-and-brown bedroom, but that suited me perfectly. In fact, I kept it messy on purpose; unlike everyone else, I didn’t have anyone nagging at me to tidy up my room, so I made sure to make the best out of it. Really, not having a mother around wasn’t that bad at all.
I dropped my backpack to the ground and, sidestepping the refuse strewn across the carpet—opened books, empty tissue boxes, random school stuff, candy wrappers, dirty sneakers, worn-out cardigans, and just about anything you could name—I got into the bathroom. 
Sitting down at my desk after a shower, I pulled out a school folder out of my backpack to get started on my homework. The math practice paper assigned by Mrs. Bernadette was kind of simple. Perhaps too simple, I dozed off minutes into solving the problems...
I was immobilised in the air as the same horned creature from my dream last night galloped fast in my direction. The huge, four-legged creature, which greatly resembled a goat, was exhausted, blowing air as though it had been running non-stop for a long time. It showed no sign of stopping anytime soon, picking up its pace as it closed the distance between us. 
I willed my body to budge with all my might, but it was no use; it was as though every nerve in my body had been severed. 
And now, the creature was so close, I could feel its breath hot against my face. Anticipating my death, I watched in horror as the huge, horned creature collided into me.
Pain exploded through me.
Screaming, I jerked out of my chair, sending it tumbling down to the ground with me. On the floor, I desperately tried to roll out the pain that was devouring my chest. It was the worst pain I’d ever felt. My heart tightened like a fist. I couldn’t breathe.
This was it—a heart attack. This was how my life was going to end. Tears blurred my vision as I clutched the shirt over my heart. 
Damn.
I didn’t want to die—not now, not yet, and definitely, not like this.
I caught a quick breath, and, as quickly as it had slammed into me, the pain in my chest unexpectedly lessened to a milder throbbing. It was after another couple of deep breaths that I’d managed to sit up slowly, and that was when a bright blue light lit up my room. A soft thud sound followed closely, and I looked up, toward the noise, jumping when the looming figure of a grey-haired, blue-eyed European in a black suit snapped into view, a sombre expression on his wrinkled face. 
Shock caught in my throat, strangling the scream of surprise, while my brain yelled danger. I scrambled to my feet and spun around, making a run for the nearest window. This was only the second level, maybe I could drop down safely enough to run afterward, to escape to the safety of the main road where there were people around to help me. Gathering my guts, I darted ahead. I had no other choice—the stranger was blocking the door. 
There was a louder thud as I neared the window. Another European man—much younger than the first—and an Asian teen showed up in my room. And this time, I saw how they got in: simply by zapping out of thin air.
I must still be dreaming. No human could do that, surely.
Landing unsteadily on my cluttered floor, the Asian teen lost his balance and crashed loudly into my bedside table. 
Scrunching his small, chiselled face up in pain and rubbing his sore elbow, he cursed in Japanese. “What was that?” he exclaimed, looking as blown over as I was. “What in the world happened?”
It seemed I wasn’t the only one unsure of everything—the Japanese boy was as eager as me for answers—and I relaxed slightly.
“How did we get here? We were at Changi Airport, you were dragging me to the gents, and now—” The boy made a vague gesture that encompassed the room then massaged his long neck and broad shoulders. “My body hurts all over.”
The younger, taller, and much more amiable, of the two Europeans smiled at the boy apologetically. “Sorry,” he said, helping the boy up with the hand not clutching a heavy-looking travelling bag. And talking about his limbs, they sure were long. “There’s an emergency here, you see.” While bafflement continued to cloud the boy’s expression, the young European turned in my direction, and, when our gazes met, his lips curled up in the sweetest possible way, making his perfect teeth and cheekbones stand out—not that his other features didn’t stand out. Every single part of his sculpted face was so remarkably fine, he looked like he’d walked right out of a magazine cover. I stared at him in awe. He had to be at least six-foot-two tall. Just looking up at him was making my neck hurt, he was that tall. “How are you feeling?” he asked me in a slick, melodious voice that was as flawless as his looks, still smiling angelically. “The pain should have subsided by now.” 
With my ability of speech momentarily disabled, I merely nodded, unable to take my eyes off his startling ones; the blue of his eyes was the same as the elder European—clear crystal blue—but there was an additional serenity to his that was plain entrancing. 
Today had been one of the most happening days of my life. First, the unpleasant incident in the cafeteria. Second, the bizarre dream followed by the horrific pain in my chest. And now, I was alone with three towering strangers in my bedroom—including the most charming man I’d ever met. 
I really didn’t know whether to be thrilled or terrified.
“Don’t be afraid. We’re no one dangerous,” he said in a gentle tone, and I don’t know how it was possible with a complete stranger, but I found myself placing trust in him at once. He then put a hand on his chest and bowed well manneredly. “Name is Atward Savant and,” he pointed at the elder European, the shortest among the three giants, “this is my grandfather, Sir Albion Savant.”
Albion Savant? I redirected my attention to the old man. Hope was in my chest. The man from Mum’s note?
“And last of all, this is young man here is Takahashi Sa—” 
I cut Atward off. “Albion Demeter Savant?” I asked the old man, forgetting about everything else.
“Yes,” he said coldly. “And it’s Sir Albion to you.”
“Albion Demeter Savant!” I cried out in blatant joy. He must have come to explain everything! I stared into his deep-set eyes eagerly, waiting for him to speak.
“How do we address you?” he merely asked.
My heart fell. Then fury built up rapidly. What was the matter with Mum? The man she’d told me to look out for didn’t even know my name.
I sagged down on my bed. “Averie,” I muttered out of perfunctory obligation. 
“Averie,” said Sir Albion, his expression still uncomfortably serious. “You both should rest now—” True enough; the throbbing in my chest was awful. “—so I’ll explain everything in further details tomorrow. You need to report to Black Gold International College early tomorrow morning and get yourself enrolled—”
“I’m already enrolled there,” I snapped impatiently. I felt a little bad for being rude, but I was so frustrated right now. My head was in an utter whirl, plus the throbbing in my chest was making my mood worse. “Today was my first day, and by the way, the next time you zap into someone’s bedroom without notice, you could at least try to be friendly. In case you don’t realise it, your actions are very disturbing.” 
Atward laughed out loud, and while Sir Albion didn’t find my comment as amusing as Atward did, he didn’t seem the least affected—his expression remained unchanged and all.
Then bam! 
The front door slammed loud. No warning.
He was back—damn it. 
Waiting, my hands clenched into hard fists. This was going to be mortifying, but I couldn’t do anything about it now.
“Averie!” my drunken father hollered from below. “Tell me, Averie! Where’s your mum, Averie?” 
My face heated up, and I squeezed my fists tighter, sinking fingernails into flesh. Just a little, but it did take my focus off the embarrassment. “Mind taking a leave for now?” I managed to say through gritted teeth while my drunkard of a father wondered aloud the whereabouts of my mum—God, couldn’t he be quiet for even a second?
“I’ll see you tomorrow then.” Sir Albion broke the awkward atmosphere in that same aloof voice without asking a single question, and I almost collapsed with gratitude. I needed them out of the house before my father further embarrassed himself…and me. 
“Since we’re done here”—Sir Albion walked to Takahashi—“let’s get you settled down in the hostel. Be prepared.” Glowing in bright blue light, he closed one hand around the teen’s wrist.
“Please don’t tell me we’re doing that ag—” Takahashi zapped off with Sir Albion before he could finish his sentence, a look of fluster last on his face.
I felt my face warm further once they were gone. The pumping of my heart was so thunderous, I was sure anyone nearby could hear it as well. After all, only breathtaking Atward Savant was left.
It wasn’t like I was fawning over him or anything. It was just that he had...a unique type of presence. He just felt—I knew it was weird, but yes—otherworldly. 
Shifting on my heels, I inhaled deeply then Atward switched his gaze from the empty spot, where Sir Albion and Takahashi had been an instant ago, to me, and my breath clutched in my throat. Why wasn’t he leaving?
“Get some rest, Averie. You’ll be back to normal when morning comes,” he said to me in that soothing voice of his before zapping off—in blue light as well.
Once I was finally alone, I took in a long, steadying breath and, for a long moment, remained in a daze, recovering from this crazy encounter. I had completely forgotten the mild pain in my chest until its intensity picked up, spreading rapidly through my body. I fell backwards onto my bed and shut my eyes. Trying to block out the din my father was still making in the living room downstairs, I slowly slipped into slumber.










Chapter 3
Horrific First Training

If looks alone could kill, I would have been long dead by now.
My digital math textbook was open on my desk, but I wasn’t paying it the slightest attention. I knew I had to get my math homework done before Mrs. Bernadette’s class, but I couldn’t focus. 
Trying my best to avoid eye contact with anyone, I fidgeted in my seat. Uneasiness was crawling all over me, and my back was sticky with cold sweat. Jace was nowhere in sight, but Acacia’s resentment toward me was apparent, and everyone else was obviously avoiding me. Nobody wanted to go up against Acacia—she was that much regarded here.
I sank further into my seat, kicking myself mentally the entire time. Seriously, of all people, why did I have to clash with the most influential ones? I sighed tiredly. But oh well, just damn it. I’d have to keep looking forward.
Eyes on my textbook, I prayed hard for Ms. Psychotic to step into class and start homeroom already. Annoying murmurs buzzed on in my ears until Ms. Psychotic entered the classroom, together with the Japanese boy who’d zapped into my bedroom with Albion and Atward Savant last night.
How could a person go from one place to another in a flash? I rolled my eyes every time I thought of it, frustration smothering me. I must be out of my mind if I hadn’t been dreaming.
“As you can see, we have another new classmate this morning,” began Ms. Psychotic unenthusiastically. She threw a nasty glance my way as she spoke, and I immediately regretted praying for her presence. By now, it was very clear that she had something against me, though what in the world I’d done to offend her was beyond me.
“This is Sasuke”—Ms. Psychotic’s enunciation of the Japanese name was way better than Sir Albion’s—“your new classmate from Tokyo.”
Coolly, Sasuke—a tall boy with a radiant face and model-thin frame—gave the class a quick wave before turning to Ms. Psychotic. “Can I have the seat in that corner?” He pointed to the unoccupied seat directly behind me.
When Ms. Psychotic nodded impatiently in consent, not failing to send me another nasty glare, Sasuke sauntered to the last seat by the window. Without Atward Savant standing next to him, he looked so much taller. 
As Sasuke passed me, he gave me a small, cordial smile. His was the first friendly face I’d seen today, since Chaste was off representing the school in some kind of interschool competition. She’d told me she’d only be back in school at around 4.30 PM—an hour after our last lesson.
I returned Sasuke’s smile as the bell rang, signalling the end of homeroom and the start of our first lesson for the day. While everyone else milled and shuffled to their first language classes, I grabbed my things and bolted far, far away from Acacia and Ms. Psychotic.
* * * *
Years, or possibly centuries, later the bell marking the end of school finally went off. Eager to get away as quickly as possible, I’d already had my bag packed during the last five minutes of Theory & Knowledge (TK), the final lesson of today—the 27th of March, which I just remembered was my birthday.
Sir Albion hadn’t show up yet, but I couldn’t wait any longer. I had to get away while I still could and, since TK was, unfortunately, a compulsory subject for all students, I was stuck in the same lecture theatre as Acacia. I certainly didn’t want to give her any opportunity to come up to me and give me a hard time. I’d had more than enough to endure on my eighteenth birthday—not only Acacia’s hostility (tiresome) and Ms. Psychotic’s wrath (vexing), but also Mrs. Bernadette’s chastisement (the feeling you get when you know it isn’t your fault yet there’s nothing you can do about it) for not being able to submit the simple math worksheet she’d assigned yesterday.
I snapped up my bag—the tight atmosphere in here was suffocating me—ready to escape the lecture hall as someone called out to me. My heart thumped faster as I recognised Acacia’s taunting voice. 
How could I ever have thought it was sweet?
“Where were you hiding during lunch?” demanded Acacia, disdain all over her face as she moved across the room with lithe, graceful steps, stopping short right in front of me. “Too afraid to show up?” she suggested venomously when I kept mum. I’d wanted to argue I was at the bookstore, buying a supplementary book needed for my Economics class, but I shoved that urge down my throat. I mustn’t give her the impression that she was in charge—just who was she to make me explain my whereabouts? “And were you the one who ratted to Mrs. Bernadette? Jace got suspended for a day.”
Everyone stopped what they were doing to watch silently as Acacia interrogated me. While I contemplated the best thing to say, Mrs. Bernadette stalked into the lecture hall, saving my life with her arrival. 
“Averie and Sasuke? Gather your things and come with me.” 
I nearly sighed aloud in relief. “I’m ready to go,” I said immediately.
“Why?” asked Sasuke, and I almost elbowed him.
He’d been asking a lot of questions since yesterday. Not that I could blame him. I was just as confused. Still, couldn’t he see that I needed to get out of there? 
“Follow me and you’ll find out.” Mrs. Bernadette left the lecture hall.
I stuck close to Mrs. Bernadette while Sasuke trailed sullenly behind us. What could be upsetting him? Both of us had just started out at Black Gold so, most likely, this trip was to settle some unfinished paperwork. Nothing nerve-racking. 
Mrs. Bernadette led us to the staff office on the ground floor and then into one of the conference rooms within the office. Stepping through the doorway, I stopped so suddenly that Sasuke walked straight into me. Sir Albion stood at the other end of the room, his back to us as he stared out the floor-to-ceiling window.
Leaving us with Sir Albion, Mrs. Bernadette shut the door.
“Sit down.” Sir Albion flipped a switch on the wall that made the window blinds lower into place, blocking out sunshine and any potential prying eyes. “This is going to take some time.”
Sasuke and I each slumped down into one of the many chairs surrounding the long, rectangular conference table while a stony-faced Sir Albion stepped forward. “You might find it hard to believe what I’m about to tell to you. Nevertheless, you’ll have to comply with what I say from this moment on.”
Have to?
I scowled, irritated. He was making it sound as though we didn’t have another choice except to obey. This was Singapore in the twenty-first century, for goodness’ sake. Yes, we were kids, but we still had rights. 
“Listen closely,” Sir Albion said, his expression serious. “There had been four archangels in the world—”
I opened my mouth, something sarcastic on my tongue—
Sasuke stood and beat me to it. “Are you serious?” he spat. “You expect me to sit through a lecture about archangels? I don’t have time for this nonsense! The only reason I came with you was because my mum told me to. I thought you were going to tell us how you teleported—” Sasuke slapped a palm to his forehead. “I can’t believe I just said that. I’ve gotta be dreaming…or crazy.”
I nodded in agreement with Sasuke, but Sir Albion merely chided, “Before the two of you say anything else, at least let me finish what I’ve to say.”
I pursed my lips in annoyance. Sasuke let out an exaggerated sigh. Ridiculous this talk was, I was still curious to learn what Sir Albion had to say ultimately. 
“Okay,” said Sasuke resignedly as he sat back down. “But it better makes sense by the end.”
Turning to me, Sir Albion flashed me a stern look to make sure he’d gotten his point across.
I sighed too, feeling like a primary school kid instead of a college girl. “Okay,” I groaned, “go on.”
“As I was saying before the disruption, there were four archangels in the world.” He strutted to the moveable whiteboard at the front of the room and drew four stick figures with a black marker before labelling them. “Gabriel, Michael, Israfel, and lastly, we’ve Lucifer.” He whirled back around to check if we were listening.
“Okay,” Sasuke and I uttered in apathetic unison then, turning to each other, we grinned. He’d been making fun of Sir Albion as well.
Sir Albion slammed his hands onto the conference table. The next thing we knew, blue light radiated from his body—and zap! He shifted from his spot in front of the whiteboard to the end of the conference table farthest from him then back to his original place—all in a split second.
I lapsed into astonishment. A few seats away, Sasuke seemed equally speechless.
“I am the result when Archangel Michael decided to come together with my mortal mother,” said Sir Albion, matter-of-factly. “Now, I believe both of you are able enough to link this to my unusual ability without further explanation.” He went on to circle the stickman of Gabriel in blue ink, Michael in red, Israfel in green, and last of all, Lucifer in yellow. He then gave each of them a heading: Water for Gabriel, Fire for Michael, Earth for Israfel, and Air for Lucifer. “Mankind is governed by twelve astrological signs.” He looked at us with raised eyebrows.
Sasuke and I nodded stiffly.
“The archangels are in charge of three signs each.” Sir Albion went on to list Cancer, Scorpio, and Pisces under Gabriel, Aries, Leo, and Sagittarius under Michael, Taurus, Virgo, and Capricorn under Israfel, and finally, Gemini, Libra, and Aquarius under Lucifer. He gestured to Sasuke. “I believe you’re a Leo?”
Sasuke leaned forward and rested his arms on the conference table. “Er—yes?” 
“And you’re an Aries, Averie?” Sir Albion asked me next.
“Yes.” I frowned. What did this have to do with anything?
“Archangel Michael rules over both our signs?” Sasuke asked. “Okay, but so what? And look, what you’re saying…it’s completely absurd.” 
I couldn’t have agreed more.
Sir Albion looked annoyed. “Am I mistaken about having your agreement to not interrupt?” 
“Sorry,” Sasuke muttered sullenly.
Sir Albion took no notice. “Both of you are fire signs, whereas I am a Scorpio, a water sign,” he said, his unsmiling face unchanged. He wrote BODY, SOUL and SPIRIT on the whiteboard, next to the stick-angels. “The first thing you’ll need to understand is that every being has a soul. Every mortal being on Earth has a body and a soul. Archangels have a body, a soul, and wield an additional spirit. The other angels don’t have bodies. They only have a soul and a spirit each. Now, the twelve astrological signs are just like the angels, except that they wield very powerful spirits—spirits as powerful as the archangels’. Although all men are governed by these twelve signs, only twelve at one time are chosen by the zodiac themselves—one from each sign—as hosts. Are the two of you catching on so far?”
Sasuke nodded impatiently. I gaped, completely lost. 
What the hell is he talking about? What body? What spirit? What about them?
Sir Albion spent the next minute jotting a list on the whiteboard:

Aries—The Ram
Taurus—The Bull (Chastity Tan, 17)
Gemini—The Twins (Jamila Green, 15)
Cancer—The Crab (Alary Savant, 49)
Leo—The Lion
Virgo—The Maiden (Bernadette Peller, 42)
Libra—The Scales (Lee Kang, 33)
Scorpio—The Scorpion (Albion Demeter Savant, 70)
Sagittarius—The Centaur (Asa Savant, 12)
Capricorn—The Sea Goat (Acacia Savant, 18)
Aquarius—The Cup Bearer (Jace Peller, 18)
Pisces—The Fishes (Atward Baptiste Savant, 23)

Wait.
I goggled at the list. Asa and Acacia were somehow related to Sir Albion? 
 “Are you trying to tell me I’m the host for Leo?” Sasuke asked. 
Comprehension suddenly struck me—I was the host for Aries. The hosts for Taurus, Virgo, and Aquarius hadn’t escaped my attention either.
“Yes. The pain you felt yesterday was due to Leo’s possession. Same goes for Averie, except she’s hosting Aries,” explained Sir Albion. “Anyway, Averie, you’re turning eighteen today, aren’t you? Happy birthday.”
That last sentence surprised me. I hadn’t thought someone as austere as Sir Albion would notice such things.
“Erm, thanks… How do you know it’s my birthday today?” 
Sir Albion filled up the space next to Aries and Leo with (Averie Teh, 18) and (Takahashi Sasuke, 17) respectively. “Your admission form, of course.”
Well, that explained it, but it wasn’t really what I wanted to know. “And how are Acacia and Asa related to you?” I blurted. 
“Alary is my son. Acacia and Asa, like Atward, are my grandchildren.” 
My hands balled up into tight fists. What was Acacia’s problem? I couldn’t believe she was bullying her own brother! 
Hang on. 
Even though Acacia had a face that looked Asian, there were still hints of a European lineage in her brownish eyes and hair. Asa, however, looked completely Asian. I never would’ve guessed that they were siblings if Sir Albion hadn’t told me. Perhaps Asa came from a different mother? That would explain Acacia’s bitterness toward the boy. And then there was Atward—he looked nothing like either of them; he looked totally like a white man. How in the world were those three siblings?
“Do your offspring possess the same abilities as you?” asked Sasuke, making me feel inferior. Come to think of it, nothing he’d pointed out since the beginning of the discussion had even crossed my mind.
“Yes. After becoming hosts, that is,” said Sir Albion. “Which is why you two will be training under me from tomorrow, just like Acacia and Asa did before.”
“Huh?” I cried out in utter bewilderment. Training? Tomorrow? What for?
“W-whose descendant am I?” asked Sasuke edgily, apparently understanding something I had yet to realise.
“Your mother is the child of Archangel Israfel.”
Sasuke narrowed his eyes at Sir Albion. “How come she hasn’t mentioned anything to me before?”
Sir Albion shrugged. “How am I supposed to know?”
“Then how do you know my mum is the child of Archangel Israfel?” demanded Sasuke, folding his arms across his chest. 
Crossing his arms as well, Sir Albion fixed a superior smirk onto his face. “I’m experienced enough to tell nephilims apart from humans.”
“I don’t believe you,” Sasuke snapped. “None of this makes sense.”
“Your mother told you to come with me, didn’t she? It’s for your own good.”
At that, Sasuke fell silent.
“Huh?” I said again, breaking the silence. I seriously had no idea where this talk was heading.
Looking at me, Sir Albion heaved out a breath. “You’re quite the daft one, aren’t you? I mean you and Sasuke are nephilims—part human part angel—just as I am, and that is why I’ll be teaching you to manage your abilities.”
“Whom did Averie descend from?” asked Sasuke suddenly.
“If it’s Michael or Israfel, then I should have known,” said Sir Albion. “And since Lucifer despised humans, Averie is probably the child of Gabriel.”
I shook my head. There had to be some sort of a misunderstanding here. “That’s impossible,” I said. “My dad is—”
“He isn’t your birth father. Archangel Gabriel is,” Sir Albion cut me short. “If you’re doubtful, you can always try summoning your new inhabitants. They will be able to tell that you aren’t completely human.”
“How?” asked Sasuke and I in sync.
“Simply call them,” said Sir Albion.
“That’s it?” I wondered aloud. 
Sasuke had his eyes closed, and red light poured out of him as he summoned his zodiac.
Sir Albion looked impressed with Sasuke’s first attempt. “That’s very fast,” he praised. “Well done. Now, try jumping as far as you can.”
Sasuke opened his eyes, turned to the long stretch of empty space in the room, and jumped. He flew all the way across the room, barely managing to put his arms up before crashing loudly into the wall. The impact was so great, I thought the wall was going to crumble.
Sasuke cried out in pain as he was thrown backward by the collision before plummeting to the ground. “What’s wrong with you, geezer?” he barked as the red light enveloping him dissipated. I could’ve sworn a smile tugged at Sir Albion’s mouth. “You could have warned me!”
“Averie, it’s your turn,” Sir Albion said, conveniently ignoring Sasuke’s protest.
Imitating Sasuke, I shut my eyes and called Aries silently. I had no intention of trying to jump as far as I could, though. 
According to Sir Albion, Aries inhabited my body so it had to be able to hear me, the way Leo had heard Sasuke without him speaking aloud. However, after a few unsuccessful tries, I got impatient. 
Sasuke could summon his zodiac in a flash! Why can’t I?
“Aries!” I yelled, but it was no use. No light burst out of me.
“You don’t have to say it aloud,” said Sir Albion, and I shot him a sharp look. The tone he was using—as though he were talking to an idiot not a girl with straight As. “Your zodiac is able to hear your thoughts.”
“It isn’t responding to me at all!” I told him agitatedly. “Are you sure I’m even hosting Aries?” 
“It seems you need further training,” said Sir Albion, creasing his forehead in a frown and aggravating me further. “You’re the first nephilim unable to do so.”
“Why aren’t you training the human hosts too?” I snapped, snubbing his remark.
“Human hosts are unable to execute the spiritual ability that comes with the signs they’re hosting, so there’s no point training them.”
Well, human hosts sure had it easy.
Aries! 
I tried summoning my sign once more and, when nothing seemed to be happening, I almost erupted with frustration. 
Before I could start another protestation, Sasuke suddenly interrupted, “I need to know what you meant when you said we’ll be training under you.”
“For the month-and-a-half until your graduation, I’ll be teaching the two of you to manage the spirits within you. It’s going to be tough, but I’m confident you’ll do fine under my supervision,” explained Sir Albion in his usual solemn manner. “From tomorrow, you’ll report to me here every day after school and every weekend at nine o’clock in the morning, unless instructed otherwise.”
“This training is going to take one-and-a-half months?” asked Sasuke incredulously, body shaking with agitation.
“It actually depends on the individual’s determination,” said Sir Albion “Asa took less than a week to grasp the basics of using spiritual energy while Acacia took a month. The reason I said one-and-a-half months is because your final year exams are due then. Whether you graduate from Black Gold or not depends highly on those exams, so take them seriously. You two hardly have time to breathe if you want to graduate this year.”
I had a strong feeling this spirit training was going to be a major pain in the neck. And why was I notified about graduation exams only now? Although I was more than glad to never have to see Acacia and Ms. Psychotic again, one-and-a-half months before graduation exams seemed really crazy. Then again, I’d been handling class content fairly well so far. Perhaps I might just be able to handle it?
“Look, I appreciate your offer, but I’ve got to decline. Don’t get me wrong, this whole spirit thing sounds utterly cool, but I need to go back to Tokyo. I’m a busy man. I’ll practise by myself in my leisure time, though.”
So I was stuck here with this authoritative old man all by myself? I groaned, within the privacy of my mind.
“I’m afraid you’re mistaken,” said Sir Albion. “There’s no turning this down—”
Clenching his fists, Sasuke brought them down on the conference table with a loud thump. “I said I’m not staying, and that’s final. If you aren’t going to send me back the way I came, I can jolly well take a plane home. Goodbye.” Sasuke stood up to leave, fuming and red in the face.
He’d taken only one step when Sir Albion spoke again. “Listen, young man,” he said evenly, completely unaffected by Sasuke’s outburst. “You aren’t going anywhere, and you’ll undergo whatever I have in store for you. This isn’t just for your wellbeing, this concerns the world.” Sir Albion lowered his head and closed his eyes, apparently deep in thought. When he opened them, he sighed and said, “I’ll be honest with you. It’s recently been discovered that Lucifer, who was thought to be dead when he was thrown out of Heaven—critically wounded after his final battle with Archangel Michael—is very much alive, and he’s already had Gemini subdued. We can’t afford to let him take another sign, which is why I made all the remaining hosts move to Singapore, the only place on Earth Lucifer cannot set foot on.”
Sasuke frowned. “Why Singapore, of all places?” he asked dubiously. 
“Since Earth’s only entrance to Heaven happens to be in Singapore, it’s safe from Lucifer and his dark angels,” said Sir Albion. “If you want to be precise, land within a radius of roughly sixty miles from here is a plague to them. Angels thrown out of Heaven have their wings turned black and cursed. That makes them unable to enter Heaven without pardon. If they forced their way in, their cursed wings would burn to ashes, and they would grow weak and eventually perish.” 
“The entrance to Heaven is in Singapore?” I asked, and even I could hear the doubt in my voice.
“Actually, the doorway to Heaven is in this school.”
I blinked, trying to wrap my mind around that. “How—”
Sasuke butted in. “Since Archangel Lucifer can’t—”
Sir Albion grimaced. “You don’t have to address Lucifer as Archangel—he isn’t worthy of the title.”
Sasuke was unrelenting. “Since Lucifer is unable to enter Heaven, what’s there to worry about?”
“Do not underestimate him. Even though he isn’t able to enter Heaven, there could be other ways for him to make a comeback. He’s probably assembling the other dark angels as we speak. We need to take care of him before it’s too late.” Sir Albion moved toward us and clutched our shoulders as his blue luminance filled the room. “Enough talk. Come with me.”
There was a painful blur then we were no longer standing in the conference room, but on the rooftop of a building. I had absolutely no idea where in the world we were, and every cell in my body ached in protest. The wind whipped around us as I looked over the edge, gasping when I realised how high up we were. 
Which was when Sir Albion turned to me and stared intently into my eyes. After a highly uncomfortable second, he said to Sasuke, “Catch her or watch her die.”
What?
I frowned at the panicked look on Sasuke’s face. “What—” 
There was a sharp push to my right shoulder, and I screamed as I plunged off the building.





Chapter 4
Becoming Friends

Fear took over as I dropped. Everything else faded into insignificance.
Tears formed in my eyes—there was nothing I could do to save myself—and spilled. My own mother had done this to me. She’d sent me to this man just to get me killed. 
The ground rushed up toward me, and I shut my eyes against it, only to feel someone putting an arm around me tightly the next moment. Before I could open my eyes, the world blurred painfully, and I tumbled clumsily onto the carpeted floor of the conference room with Sasuke. 
For a long moment, neither of us spoke as we stared at each other in shock. 
Sasuke recovered first, swearing in his native language before turning back to me. “Are you all right?” he asked, still sprawled on the ground beside me.
Opening my mouth, I tried to speak, but words failed me. Uncontrollably and without warning, tears brimmed then rolled down my face. I wiped them away with the back of my hands industriously. But they kept flowing.
“Hey! Don’t cry! I get it!” Sasuke babbled anxiously while I willed the embarrassing crying rampage to stop. I hadn’t cried in years, but since entering Black Gold two days ago, it was almost as if my tears were on free flow. “Of course you’re not okay. I’m not either. I swear my heart stopped,” Sasuke said. “And where in the world is that old geezer, anyway?”
There was a clothes-ruffling sound to the left, and Sasuke slanted his eyes to meet Sir Albion’s impassive gaze. “What the hell was that for?” he demanded at once. “You could have gotten us killed! What were you thinking?”
“Some people function better under pressure.” Sir Albion threw a smug glance at Sasuke, who looked away irritably. “That’s all for today. You are dismissed. Report to me here after school tomorrow, and remember that you’re forbidden to speak a word to anyone about our training.” His eyes lingered on Sasuke. “Mr. Takahashi, do not even think about missing it because I’ll find you wherever you go.” With that, Sir Albion opened and walked out the door, leaving us dumbstruck.
Still glaring at the door, Sasuke let out a breath so loud, so livid, I was surprised he didn’t try to hit anything. “I don’t like the way he orders people around!” he complained, huffing heatedly, and then whirled around to face me, making me turn red with embarrassment at once. I desperately swiped tears at my face with the back of my hands, and he got off the floor and strode toward the conference table. Reaching over, he removed a bunch of tissues from the tissue box in the centre of the table and scratched the side of his head awkwardly before holding them out to me.
Gratefully, I accepted his good will and hastily wiped the traces of embarrassment off my face, managing to squeak a thank you as I did.
“I’ve had plenty of girls crying in front of me, but you’re the first one I’ve had no idea what to do about it.” 
Plenty of girls... This boy had to be a Casanova, a heartbreaker.
“What do you do when they cry?” I asked in my creaky voice.
He appeared thoughtful for a moment. “I always smile wider to show my appreciation, and if the time and place allows it, I...do more.”
Show his appreciation? 
I frowned. Were we on the same page? What he’d said didn’t make sense at all—not unless he was a sick, perverted jerk with a completely twisted mind.
When I’d calmed down enough to look presentable, he offered me a hand, but I regarded it with hesitation. Eventually, I took it, and he helped me up. Pain shot through my left arm, and I winced, clasping my wrist. 
Sasuke raised an eyebrow. “You’re hurt,” he said, sounding almost worried. “I’ll bring you to the nurse.”
“I’m all right,” I declared quickly, eager to be left alone, but he wouldn’t hear it.
“I’ll bring you to the nurse.” He slung both our backpacks over one shoulder before walking to the door and holding it open for me.
“Thanks,” I muttered, entirely puzzled. Sasuke didn’t—at all—seem like a sick, perverted jerk with a completely twisted mind. In fact, he seemed like a nice, perfectly normal boy. “And please don’t tell anyone…” About me crying like a baby, I couldn’t bring myself to say.
“We can’t mention the content of our training to anyone else, remember?” He smiled kindly but, just as I was making a mental note to return his kindness someday, he went on to say, “What do I get in return?”
My expression hardened—I felt deceived—but he merely laughed.
“Okay, it’s a regrettable joke. I’m deeply apologetic.” He bowed theatrically, and then laughed again as I stepped out of the doorway, smiling politely. I was hardly amused by his so-called joke, but I was inclined toward forgiveness. He was my savior after all.
After Sasuke delivered me to the infirmary, he took his leave while the nurse applied an anti-inflammatory cream onto my swollen wrist and twirled a long strip of dressing around it.
“Visit a doctor on your way home. This could be serious so don’t take it lightly,” the nurse advised me as she finished up bandaging.
I nodded, even though I had no intention of doing as she said. I didn’t want to spend the time or money. Anyway, my body always rebounded from damage fast. I would be as good as new after a night’s sleep. 
I thanked the nurse and was about to leave when Chaste entered the infirmary. Her hands were scraped and smeared in blood, but she greeted me with a smile. “Hey, Averie.” 
I smiled back, and this time I meant it. A sincere smile in this hellhole was rare. 
“I wasn’t expecting to see you in here.” Her gaze dropped to my bandaged wrist. “Is your wrist okay?”
“Yeah, it’s fine now,” I said then pointed to her injured hands. “You should get your bleeding stopped.”
“Averie’s right. Come sit down here,” interrupted the nurse, patting the stool.
“That looks pretty bad. What happened? You fell?” I asked as she sat.
“I was about to go home when I tripped and fell. It was embarrassing. Thankfully, no one else was watching when it happened,” she said quietly, looking away as her face flushed red. “What happened to your wrist?”
 “Oh, I—erm—I fell and sprained it. Clumsy.”
“That makes the two of us.” I gave Chaste a lopsided smile as she let out a jolly laugh. “I think we’ll make good friends.”
“I think so, too,” I agreed, my mood lifting a little. “How did the competition go? Good?” 
“Yep, not bad. We didn’t win”—she winced as the nurse dabbed yellowish solution onto her hand—“but our school team gave our best and did well.” 
“That’s great. What competition was it, anyway?” 
We were deep in conversation when the happy birthday song echoed throughout the small infirmary. Sasuke, holding a small cake frosted with pink icing, emerged from the doorway.
Completely overwhelmed by the gesture, I burst into tears.
Sasuke opened his mouth then shut it again. His silence only lasted several seconds though. “You’re a cry-baby, aren’t you?” he teased, clearly unable to resist the opportunity to make fun of the situation, though his voice was slightly uneasy.
“I just haven’t had a birthday cake in a while,” I said, still astounded by his kindness. “Thanks...really.”
Sasuke offered me the cake. “You can have it all by yourself then.”
I laughed. “That’s not what I mean.” 
Sasuke put the cake on the table in front of me.
I made a quick wish—to see my mum again ASAP—before blowing the candles out and saying, “Let’s share it.” 


Chapter 5
A Hundred Laps

The moment we entered the conference room for our second training, Sasuke went up to Sir Albion—who, like yesterday, was looking out the window—and stopped right behind him. “Return my passport,” he demanded. “Or I’ll file a lost report and get a permit to return to Japan all the same.” 
 “You’re still thinking about going back to Japan after I went through all that trouble explaining the situation?” said Sir Albion without turning around. “Don’t be stubborn. Think—”
“I’m not going anywhere.” Sasuke let out a soft sigh, and Sir Albion swivelled around, a flicker of surprise in his eyes. “If what you said is true, going back now could be dangerous. It’s just that I was unpacking yesterday and realised my passport was gone.” Sasuke narrowed his eyes at Sir Albion, who stared back stonily. “Now, it can only be you, Sir Albion. It’s ridiculous for us to even be having this conversation. I won’t act recklessly. I’m not a child.” 
Sir Albion patted Sasuke on his shoulder. “That’s reassuring to hear.” He emitted the blue light, vanished into air, and materialised in front of us again within half a minute.
“That is so handy,” I said in awe. Especially if you’re late for school or you’ve forgotten something somewhere, I didn’t add.
I shut my eyes firmly and called upon Aries. A long moment passed, but nothing happened, so I gave up in frustration. Opening my eyes, I found Sir Albion and Sasuke watching me. “How do you guys do it?” I sighed.
“Simply call the hosted zodiac by name. As for teleporting, picture the desired location after summoning the zodiac. It will provide the spiritual energy required for teleportation,” explained Sir Albion, matter-of-factly. “You’ll only be successful if you can visualise the place in detail.”
By now, I was seething with annoyance. He made things sound so simple, but I’d been calling Aries endlessly with no luck. 
“How did you know where we were?” Sasuke asked suddenly. “You just appeared out of nowhere the first time we met. There was no way you could’ve visualised our homes if you’d never seen them.”
Sir Albion gave Sasuke an approving nod. “Whenever a zodiac leaves or enters a body, the other zodiacs have a vision of it. These visions revealed your locations, which is also how we realised that Lucifer had extracted the Gemini from Jamila Green, killed her, and become Gemini’s new host.” Sir Albion handed Sasuke his passport. “All right, let’s get down to business.”
Discomfort rammed us over as Sir Albion gripped our hands (like we were little kids) then we were wobbling on foreign ground (I was glad Sir Albion was holding on my hand now), jumping as a cold breeze whizzed by—the air here was significantly fresher and chillier despite the dazzling beams of sunshine. I was standing in a sports stadium. 
“What are we doing here?” I asked.
“To get things started,” announced Sir Albion with a straight face, “we’ll first do a hundred laps.” 
A hundred—what? 
My eyes went wide with shock. This training was really turning out to be a major pain in the neck. “H-hundred laps?”
Sir Albion regarded me squarely. “You have your sports gear with you?” 
While I muttered a reluctant yes, digging for the school tee shirt I’d worn for PE earlier in the day, Sasuke already had the shirt of his uniform peeled off, revealing a white undershirt beneath. Quickly, I excused myself to head to the girls’ bathroom as the boy started shedding his pants in broad daylight.
Hoping to delay the dreaded run, I took my time changing. I was actually decently good at running, sports, and just about everything physical although I hardly exercised outside school, but a hundred laps around this Olympic-sized track? Even the best sportsperson in the world would be intimidated, I was sure. And as for me, I wouldn’t even make it halfway through.
Fifteen minutes later, I decided it wasn’t advisable to drag this changing session out any longer so I made my way back to the running track. Slowly. Something on the notice board caught my eyes as I strolled outside—an Olympic poster that said London 2012.
Sir Albion brought us all the way to London just to run laps?
“Averie, hurry up!” Sir Albion’s deep, solid voice sounded through the brief hallway leading to the field, and I nearly jumped out of my skin. “Sasuke is running already.” 
I quickly stepped out into the open and moved toward where Sir Albion waited at the third row of the heart of the spectator area. “Why did you bring us to London?” I asked, chucking my uniform in a heap next to the backpacks.
“We won’t be disturbed here,” said Sir Albion without looking at me—he was watching Sasuke intently. 
“Why?” 
“I own this place,” he said. “Anyway, this isn’t London, it’s Inverness, my hometown.” He looked down at me, and I stiffened. “Now, go.” He pointed at the track. 
I took a deep breath and, moments later, I was on the track—jogging. I waited for Sir Albion to tell me off but, to my surprise—and monumental relief—he didn’t.
If I started out running, I would probably be out in ten laps. Period.
Meanwhile, Sasuke was definitely not jogging. By the time I was on my fifth round, he’d already lapped me twice. At the rate he was going, either his stamina was amazing, or he’d been trained enough. Or he was an idiot for sprinting in a long distance run.
It took me close to two hours to reach my fifty-first lap, and I was shocked when I realised I could still go on. I hadn’t tried running—okay, jogging—such a long distance before. The farthest I’d done was the annual 2.4 kilometre run in secondary school and junior college, so I figured I was doing quite well here. However, after another twenty-one laps, my triumph came to an end as I collapsed to the ground, fully understanding the meaning of exhaustion for the first time. 
Sir Albion marched over to me, but when it didn’t look like he was going to rebuke me, even though I had no intention of getting back on my feet, I stayed sprawled on the track. Breathing hard, I watched as Sasuke kept going—lap after lap—overwhelmed with envy as his long, strong legs did their magic. The Japanese boy was incredibly lean in his tight dri-fit shirt, but he actually had well-toned muscles.
After his hundredth lap around the track, Sasuke sank to the ground next to me, panting loudly. He yanked his sweaty t-shirt over his head, rolled it into a ball, and used it to dab away the sweat along his face and neck. Being a boy was definitely convenient at times like this. Doing all those laps had made me sweat like a horse, and I didn’t even have a towel or tissue with me. Sasuke removed his school shirt from his backpack, and as he pulled it on, I got a glimpse of his ripped abdomen—he had to be working out a lot. 
 “Thirty laps…so that’s the difference between Averie and Sasuke.” Sir Albion spoke up suddenly, pissing me off at once.
“Twenty-eight laps!” I snapped. “And of course Sasuke can run better than me, I haven’t done any training. Plus, he’s a boy!”
“Gender doesn’t matter,” Sir Albion countered. “What matters is the state of mind.”
I scowled at the mocking remark. “Why do we have to run laps anyway? I thought you said we were doing spirit training?” 
“Keeping your body in top condition enables you to heighten the potential of your spiritual ability. I have to get you in shape before I teach you to handle the spirit within you. You need to be physically ready first. This exercise was just to gauge your current physical competency. Now, stand up and stretch.”
Sasuke leapt to his feet impatiently.
I stood up and stretched unenthusiastically. However, Sir Albion wasn’t satisfied. “You’re doing it all wrong. Look closely. I’ll show you the right way to stretch.”
I sighed. Sir Albion was a difficult man to please.
After I’d copied all the stretches kindly demonstrated by the old man, stretching my every single muscle in my body—including ones I didn’t know I had—he made us go to another part of the stadium to define our muscles.
“Of course,” he said, “Averie’s body needs a lot more work than yours, Sasuke. How do you train?” Sir Albion glanced over his back at Sasuke as we approached the gym.
“I’ve danced and hit the drums every day since I was eleven,” said Sasuke, and I bit my lip. 
Why is life so unfair? 
 When I was eleven, my mother had disappeared and, since then, I’d been working hard at just keeping my life together. That alone drained all of my energy so I hardly did anything besides the mandatory studying. The thought of joining extra-curricular activities never even crossed my mind since my spare time and attention were all spent trying to get my father back on his feet. I’d tried everything—from coaxing to reasoning to counselling to compelling—but nothing ever worked. Not enough, anyway. Eventually, when he refused to stop drinking no matter what I did, I’d given up and focused my attention on my studies, with the single-minded goal of getting out of Holland Road, Street Thirteen, as quickly as possible.
 “A year ago, I started hitting the gym with a personal trainer. Oh, and I’d also received professional training to raise my stamina for—” Sasuke paused. “Erm...from time to time.”
Sir Albion reached the gym first. “How frequent was your stamina training?” He switched on the electrical utilities, and a room about a quarter the size of a football field, crammed with fitness equipments, came into view.
“Two or three a year for one to two weeks.”
Annoyed at how obvious it was that I was the underdog here, I cleared my throat and changed the topic. “So, what are we going to do here?” I asked Sir Albion.
“For the next two hours, Sasuke, you’ll do stamina training by himself, and Averie, I’ll be keeping you with me,” said Sir Albion in that dull, depressing voice of his. “Are we clear?”
“Crystal,” I muttered insolently. I couldn’t help the sarcasm in my voice, but, as usual, Sir Albion took no notice.
“Good. Let’s get started then.”
* * * *
“Time’s up,” Sasuke declared in a clear, loud voice, leaping off the treadmill he’d been on for the past hours, hardly short of breath.
Sir Albion raised his wristwatch to his face. “You can return to the conference room,” he said. “Do it discreetly.”
We were finally done for today. I heaved a sigh of relief as I stood up, extremely glad to ditch the circuit training—a series of short but intense exercises—Sir Albion was making me do despite my wrist injury.
“Want to go back together?” Sasuke asked me, but before I could reply, Sir Albion answered for me.
“I’ll be keeping Averie for a little longer.” 
I spun around so quickly I nearly lost my footing. Hoping the old man would realise how tired I was and change his mind, I stared hard at him. But he didn’t budge.
“I’ll be going first then.” Sasuke gave me a sympathetic smile. “See you in class tomorrow.” Glowing red, he picked up his bag and zapped off.
A tired grunt slipped out of my mouth. Although I was dreading putting in extra time with Sir Albion, I couldn’t really complain. Sasuke was a damn fast learner. Being able to grasp the trick of using his spiritual powers in a single try was impressive. And in comparison, I was just so lame.
“Don’t just stop like that. Not only is it unbeneficial, you can actually harm yourself,” the old man lectured.
I scoffed, but went back to the part of the circuit where I’d let off.
“No, start over.”
I shot the old man an angry glare before redoing everything from the beginning.
He suddenly asked, “What made you enrol in Black Gold? You’re Singaporean, aren’t you?”
“My mum left me a note, telling me to enrol so I could meet you. I was hoping you’d tell me something about her, but then you didn’t even know my name,” I complained bitterly as I laid myself on the exercise mat, preparing to do sit-ups.
Mum must have sent me here because she knew I was a nephilim. But what did that have to do with her leaving? Why had she married Dad then left him without a proper explanation? 
Exasperated, I frowned; there were a million questions in my head, and I didn’t have an answer to a single one.
“Who’s your mother?” 
“Evonne,” I replied quickly, with all my hopes up. Perhaps Sir Albion knew my mum but not me?
“I’m sorry, I don’t know an Evonne,” he said, and the weak feeling in my gut returned.
There went my last hope… 
Putting one hand over my eyes, I inhaled heavily. It seemed I had no choice but to stick with Sir Albion until I could see the light at the end of this long tunnel. Hopefully, that would happen really soon.
Sir Albion made a low, impatient sound in the back of his throat, tearing me away from my thoughts. When I removed my hand, I jerked away at the sight of Sir Albion’s unsmiling, watchful eyes. The old man was hovering over my face, close enough that I could smell the strong espresso on his breath—a similar scent my father used to have on his before he went from coffee to alcohol—along with his cologne.
“Averie,” he said gravely, “if you aren’t going to stop spacing out, we’ll be here forever.” 
I cleared my mind and straightened up. “All right. All right. I get it. Don’t have to make that scary face. I’ll start over now, okay?” 
Chapter 6
Ms. Psychotic and the Security Guard

It was Thursday—my fourth day at the hellhole called Black Gold International College. Expecting to be scorned, I put on the most composed expression I could muster and walked into homeroom. To my surprise, I found myself to not be in the centre of attention.
“It’s true! They’re a couple! I saw Ms. Evaline and the security guard in the chemistry lab after school yesterday!” swore a small, slightly plump Indian classmate before the class. I didn’t know his name. “I didn’t have time to snap a good picture, but here’s a blurry one.” Holding up his iPad, he showed it to the class. 
“All I’m going to say is that Ms. Evaline has a really bizarre taste in guys,” said Acacia as she absentmindedly pulled her long shiny mane of natural brown hair into a braid. She wasn’t quite herself today and hardly seemed interested in talking to her friends.
“Right? The security guard is a complete weirdo. The way he acts is just odd. Have you seen the way he looks at girls? It’s so disturbing,” sneered Lola Fay, a small-sized girl with medium-length curly red hair and lightly tanned skin. She was in Acacia’s clique.
“The only thing about him that’s actually decent is his body,” added Deborah Garner, another girl in Acacia’s clique. She was an extremely thin African-American with very short kinky hair.
While everyone was distracted by this top new piece of gossip, I quickly slipped into class and sat at my desk, making as little noise as possible. I whipped my iPad out of my backpack and opened one of the applications, pretending to be absorbed in it. 
A sudden tap on my right shoulder made me jump. Holding my breath, I looked around in anticipation of more trouble from Acacia and clique.
“Morning.” The occupant of the desk behind greeted me genially, and I let out my held breath. 
“Gosh. You scared me,” I said to Sasuke then turned to where Acacia was sitting by herself, staring out the window broodingly. It seemed she really wasn’t joining her friends for chitchat this morning.
Still standing beside me, Sasuke laid his backpack on his desk and asked, “Why?” 
When I shook my head, brushing his question off, a playful spark danced in his eyes. “If a gentle tap on the shoulder can make you turn chalk-white, are you feeding solely on tofu or what?” 
I made a face at him, and he chuckled.
“So, have you done all your assignments to be submitted today?” he asked, obviously relating to the unfortunate incident with Mrs. Bernadette yesterday. “If you haven’t, I can lend you mine for reference.”
“Yesterday was the first, and only, time I haven’t been able to hand in my assignment,” I replied defensively, “and that was only because of Aries’s possession. I slept through the evening all the way until the next morning.”
“You’re so lucky,” he said, settling into his seat fluidly. “The Savants towed me to the airport at four o’clock in the morning, but at least I got to sleep on the plane. Being in first class definitely made my life easier.”
 “Wow. The Savants are generous. First class seats for three people…just how rich are they?”
“Sir Albion is a successful entrepreneur and a genius in investments. Savant Enterprises includes an oil refinery, a chain of luxury hotels around the world, stock in technology companies, globally recognised educational institutes like Black Gold, and other major investments worldwide.”
I was astounded. “How do you know so much?” 
“Google search,” he said, matter-of-factly, making me feel idiotic for asking such a brainless question. There was such a thing called the Internet. “As for Atward Savant, I’ve known about him since way back. He’s an internationally known artist. To think he’d show up at my humble residence...it was just unimaginable.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Acacia watching me—a dangerous glint in her eyes—and something struck me. Could she be romantically interested in Sasuke? If that was the case, should I have been keeping my distance to steer clear of trouble? 
The clacking sound of high-heels announced Ms. Psychotic’s arrival.
 “I’ve graded your last test,” she said idly as she moved slowly around the class, returning test papers and bringing smiles to my classmates’ faces. 
She never bothered with standard classroom procedures like greetings or roll calls, because she simply didn’t care whether students turned up for lessons or not—she’d actually told us that herself. Her attitude to teaching was downright horrid, so I really couldn’t understand why she’d chosen to take it up as a career. Or, more importantly, why Black Gold employed her. She definitely had the entire school board fooled, and I seemed to be the only person in Black Gold who disliked her. The other students liked her because she gave particularly lenient grades and, for some reason, the rest of the staff liked her as well.
One by one, the tests were handed down to their owners, and a couple of minutes later, everyone else seemed to have a test. My heartbeat sped as I started to panic then stopped completely when Ms. Psychotic suddenly whipped around to glower at me. She came toward me.
Don’t let this be happening, please.
She didn’t speak another word until she got to me. “Disrespect will not be tolerated in my classroom,” she snarled right in my face as she smacked my test onto my desk.
I couldn’t keep myself from recoiling, ever so slightly. Acacia and her clique’s gloating faces were conspicuous while everyone else looked on silently as my misfortune unfolded. Cold sweat broke out on my back as I leafed through my test as steadily as I could with wobbly hands.
It was blank. Entirely blank.
This definitely wasn’t my test. There was no way it could be mine—it didn’t even have my name on it.
“This isn’t mine,” I protested, doing my best to sound calm.
Looking annoyed, she crossed her arms and sneered at me, “Don’t test—”
“This. Isn’t. Mine.” 
“If this isn’t the test you submitted, where in the world is yours?” she demanded irately. “You’re the only one in class without one.”
I was prepared to make a stand on the matter and debate it out with Ms. Psychotic, but something unexpected happened before I could.
“I don’t have a test either,” said Sasuke offhandedly. 
Ms. Psychotic hit the roof instantly. “Very funny, Sasuke,” she snapped as I whipped around to gape at Sasuke. Arms propped on his desk and chin on his hands, he stared up at Ms. Psychotic with nonchalant eyes, looking pretty relaxed. While he appeared calm and collected, my heart raced for his fate. Doesn’t he have any clue just how much trouble he is getting himself into right now? “Three hours of corrective work after school for both of you.”
“I’m sorry, but we can’t make it,” Sasuke informed her, still as cool as ever. “You’ll have to discuss it with Sir Albion.”
“I will not be challenged. End of discussion,” Ms. Psychotic barked at Sasuke. 
He just shrugged as he leaned back in his chair. “All right,” he said with the same coolness as before. “Whatever you like.”
“Your cockiness will dry up in no time,” threatened Ms. Psychotic before getting back to teaching her lesson for the day.
Once Ms. Psychotic wasn’t looking, I whispered a thank you to Sasuke. 
He merely smiled. 
Flabbergasted, I stared blankly at him for a long time before remembering to turn to face the front. We were friends, of a sort, but I had no idea why Sasuke was pitting himself against a teacher who would grade him academically just to help me out. I mean, he’d known me less than a week. 
I caught a glimpse of Acacia’s scowl and Chaste’s apologetic face. Ignoring Acacia, I kept my eyes on Chaste. 
When she saw me looking, she mouthed, Sorry. 
I shook my head slightly, smiling to reassure her that I wasn’t mad, that we were still friends.
I couldn’t blame her. Chaste was the kind of girl who wouldn’t fight with anyone. She was simply too nice and demure; I would’ve bet she’d never even told anyone off in her life. Up against someone as erratic as Ms. Psychotic, she would’ve been no match at all.
For the rest of the period, Sasuke and I were ignored completely, making me feel really bad about getting my new friend onto Ms. Psychotic’s black list. I paid no attention to class for the first time in my life, desperately trying to figure out how my test had gone missing.
Acacia switching my test was the first thing that came to mind, but there should’ve been no possible way she could do that. So, did Ms. Psychotic hate me so much that she’d “lost” my test just to get the opportunity to reprimand me?
Okay, so that was ridiculous. Why would she do that? I hadn’t done anything to her…had I?
No, that wasn’t possible. She’d detested me the moment she saw me. It couldn’t be that my face alone had the ability to make her hate me that much from first glance, could it?
Or maybe it could.
I didn’t know. All I knew was life was hard in her classroom.
* * * *
Leaving Sasuke after our spirit—or rather, physical—training with Sir Albion that night, I cut through the quadrangle to head out of school. It was already twenty past eight when I dragged my aching feet past the closed general office near the entrance. The sun had set a few hours ago, and the school was quiet and empty, aside from the brightly lit student hostels. 
Comforted by the calm and silence, I paused and wearily gulped down a deep breath of cool air. I’d just gone through a rough day, and it was dreadful to think it wasn’t over yet. Other than the usual homework load, a one thousand words essay on ‘respect’ was also due in Ms. Psychotic’s pigeonhole before first period tomorrow morning.
How was I supposed to come up with one thousand words’ worth of bullshit? I groaned. I was so damn tired, the only thing I could think about was sleep—was that really too much to ask for?
Sighing resignedly, I took one final deep breath then carried on out the school. Complaining wouldn’t get me anywhere; I might as well get things over and done with.
“Averie?” Someone I’d never expected to initiate a conversation with me appeared from behind a pillar as I came to the sheltered walkway leading to the main gates.
“Asa?” I walked up to the boy, completely bemused.
“Can I ask you a favour?” he began uncertainly, his expression almost nervous.
“Okay,” I agreed without hesitation. “I’ll help if I can.” I wasn’t sure why, but I was incapable of refusing Asa. I had enough problems on my hands at home that I usually avoided hassles in school, but I couldn’t stop myself from getting involved in this. Finding out why this boy was being bullied had been added to my to-do list the day I’d entered Black Gold. 
“Would you visit my mum with me?” he mumbled, not meeting my eyes. 
 “Your mum?” 
“Her grave, I mean,” he explained.
My eyes widened. Didn’t he have family he could go to at times like this? His sister was definitely out of the question, but what about his dad, or his brother, or even his grandfather? 
“This time, I—I couldn’t find the courage to go alone.”
 “Okay, sure,” I said, even though I didn’t understand his last sentence. He gave me a fleeting, tight-lipped smile. “When are we going?”
“Now.” An intense crimson light blasted out of Asa as he took my hand, and, before I could brace myself for the teleportation, he zapped us out of Black Gold and into a small graveyard. 
My legs turned to jelly when we landed right in front of one of the few tombstones around us—all of them grand and well maintained. I was starting to get a little freaked out a little; being somewhere dead people lay resting was something I’d never wanted to experience at night. Not to mention the spine-chilling whirring sound in the background. I knew it was just the wind and the insects, but it was still really eerie.
“I’m sorry it’s so dark, but Niigata is only an hour ahead of Singapore,” he said apologetically then fell silent, staring ahead at the grave before us.
Niigata... It sounded like some place in Japan, if I wasn’t mistaken.
I glanced around uneasily and saw the photograph on the headstone. Bending down to get a better look at it—the only illumination here was the faint, yellow light of a single lamppost several steps from us—I realised Asa took after his mother so much that they actually looked like the same person. They had youthful, ethereal faces in small, oval frames; subtle yet beatific smiles on thin, pretty lips; straight, Asian hair in the same shade of black—and it reminded me of my own undeniable resemblance to my mother. 
I scanned the golden carvings on the stone. They were mostly Japanese characters—clearly, I was right about us being in Japan—but I also identified several familiar English letters in the middle. The gravestone read: Shizuka Savant. Her maiden name was also there…she’d been born Morikawa Shizuka, and she’d passed away four years ago—on this date.
That’s why Asa had come to visit. Today was the anniversary of his mother’s death. 
Five minutes had probably passed before Asa spoke again, his eyes still fixed on his mother’s grave. “You know Acacia’s my sister, don’t you? I figure everyone at school knows.”
“Erm, yes,” I said, “but only because Sir Albion told me. In a way.”
 “It’s only natural that she detests me. I don’t hold it against her, so there’s no need for you to stand up for me and get yourself—and your friends—into unnecessary trouble at school.”
“What do you mean by my friends?” I asked urgently. “Other than you, I’ve only spoken to two other people in Black Gold—Chastity and Sasuke. Has Acacia done something to them?” 
“Tuesday after school, I saw my sister and a couple of other girls cornering Chastity near the school garden. Not only did they call her names, they pushed her to the ground, and tossed her books into the pond before leaving. Her hands were bleeding”—so Chaste hadn’t tripped and fallen accidentally that day—“but I didn’t step up to help her. It would only get her into more trouble.”
I felt my face tighten as fury stirred wildly inside me. “How childish can your sister get?” I said heatedly. First thing tomorrow, I would confront Acacia and make her apologise to Chaste. “Bullying is the most childish act ever. I can’t believe she’s eighteen. Even at eight years old, I knew it wasn’t right to bully.”
“When people are hurt, they hardly care what’s right and wrong. Everyone needs to vent their frustration somewhere, and some people are too blinded by their own pain to care where they aim it,” he explained maturely—far too maturely for a twelve-year-old boy.
“Why is she hurt?” I asked tetchily. As far as I was concerned, being in pain didn’t give you the right to do anything—especially if other people were involved. Being in pain didn’t give my father the right to neglect me. Being in pain didn’t give Acacia the right to take things out on her younger brother and make trouble for someone as innocent as Chaste.
“My sister and I shared the same mother. My brother has a different mother—a French lady.”
Okay, the Savant family tree was giving me a serious headache. Who was whose mother and who was whose father again?
“Simply put, Atward has the same father as Acacia, and I had the same mother as her,” Asa said, as though he’d read my mind. “My brother and I have no blood relation at all.”
“Okay…Atward is the son of Alary and a Frenchwoman. Acacia is the daughter of Alary and Shizuka. And you’re the son of Shizuka and another man. That’s basically it, right?” I put together every piece of scattered information and finally got a clearer picture of the situation. “Go on.”
“My mum died when I was eight. Road accident. Happened on our way to the aquarium. Only I survived, because I had angel blood in me.” He paused for a minute then said in a whisper, “I asked her to bring me.” 
“But that wasn’t your fault.” 
“Alary and Acacia have never gotten over my mother’s death. They’ve never liked me. At the beginning of the year, Acacia found out about everything and that was when she really lost it.”
I frowned. “What did she find out?”
“She overheard Alary’s arguments with Sir Albion, and found out that my biological father raped our mother in one of his many efforts to get even with my granddad and fathered me.” Hearing that, I felt a twinge of sympathy for Acacia; what had happened to her mother had to be very hard to come to terms with. “The truth about my parentage has always been kept a secret from Acacia and me. Even now, the adults think we don’t know a thing,” he said evenly.
 “Aren’t you angry?” I asked in absolute bewilderment.
“Not really,” he replied calmly, and I almost burst with frustration.
“The Savants kept everything from you. Don’t you think you deserve the truth? Aren’t you mad that you’re involved in all this bullshit left behind by your parents?” I demanded. How could this boy, so much younger than I was, be so sensible and level-headed about this? If it were me, I would definitely be angry. I would be very angry.
 “Getting angry doesn’t solve anything. And besides, there are enough angry people around without adding to the mess.”
I felt like shouting, Yes, it doesn’t solve anything, but how do you not get angry when you’re faced with such an unjust situation? But I said, “So you’re just going to put up with Acacia’s resentment?”
“Yeah,” he said without thinking, and my limit blew.
“You don’t have to!” I shouted, louder than I’d intended. “You don’t have to take everything on your shoulders. What happened was the stupid rapist’s—” Asa winced, ever so slightly, at the word, and I regretted using it as soon as I let it slip. “—fault. You don’t have to deal with your sister’s nonsense.”
 “She’s nasty to me because she loves our mum. She can’t stand the thought that her mother is dead, and I can’t get myself to blame her for that, can I?” He closed his eyes and inhaled sharply. “Besides, her resentment actually makes me feel better...it’s the least I can do.” 
Eyes round with pure astonishment, I watched Asa intently. This time, I was honestly thrown aback. This boy…he put me to shame. Not only was he a sensible kid, he could forgive so freaking easily.
“My granddad told you about the archangels, didn’t he?” he carried on to say.
“Yeah. He gave an entire lecture about spiritual power. He said Archangel Gabriel fathered me. He also mentioned about Lucifer, and how he was about to make a comeback. Speaking of that, we aren’t supposed to go out of Singapore, are we?”
“No, we aren’t supposed to, but don’t worry. Nothing will go wrong.”
“How are you so sure?”
“If anything happens, I can get us back to Singapore at once.” 
“Okay. So, what about the archangels?” I prompted, hoping our storytelling session would end ASAP. I didn’t know how, but the creepy humming sound seemed to be getting louder. 
“My real dad is Lucifer.”
“What?” I cried out, as shock thrilled through me.
“My real dad is Lucifer,” he repeated, gaze still focused on his mother’s grave.
“Lucifer raped your mum as revenge against Sir Albion?”
“She was unlucky to have run into him when she was visiting her parents here in their hometown, Niigata, thirteen years ago. Everyone thought Lucifer was a goner, but apparently not. He left my mum alive to tell the tale.”
“Okay… Shouldn’t you be siding with Lucifer now that you know he’s your real dad?” I said, warily. Asa was the son of a dark angel after all. Maybe I should start treading around him more carefully just to play safe. 
“No, I have to stay with the Savants. I’m a critical pawn in this game, and my granddad knows that. No matter how decadent Lucifer has become, he would probably still want his own son back, which is my granddad kept me, despite Alary’s demands for my abortion. He’s hoping I’ll be useful when the time for negotiation with Lucifer comes.” He looked to me. “The rest of the nephilims are critical, too. That’s why my granddad is teaching you and Sasuke to manage your spiritual abilities, so you might be of use. Unfortunately, we haven’t got a clue what Lucifer is playing at, so it’s hard to prepare.”
“Gosh. This is so complicated,” I sighed, as Asa swivelled back to the grave. “And now that you’re finally willing to speak to me, I suppose that we are friends now?” I asked hopefully. 
“No,” he refused flatly. “I just wanted you to hear me out so that you’d have a clearer picture of our circumstances. I’m hoping it will help you judge better and make wiser decisions in the future.”
Was he saying that I hadn’t been making wise decisions so far? I fumed inwardly. If he was referring to me going up Acacia then yes, it wasn’t wise, but I was only trying to make friends—with him.
Asa finally turned away from the grave. “Thanks for coming with me, anyway. Let’s go ba—” A blindingly bright blue light erupted in the sky, and something huge slammed into us, knocking us sideways. We crashed to the concrete path on each side of the grave.
“What was that?” I groaned, pushing myself into a sitting position and turning to the source of the collision. 
A large white man with scary-looking muscles was standing where we’d just been. The man, who was in all black—trousers and a shirt with both sleeves sloppily rolled up—wasn’t looking at either of us; his gaze was trained on the tomb.
Shit. 
My stomach lurched with fear.
Could he be Lucifer? 
I jumped to my feet. “Who are you?” I demanded in a bold voice despite the shock and terror pulsing through my veins.
“He’s my dad,” said Asa faintly. 
For a minute, I looked between him and the man. Which dad he was talking about—Alary Savant or Lucifer?—but after a moment of observation, the answer became obvious. The man’s appearance and expression told me he was the less dangerous dad of the two. He looked too much like Sir Albion—the same squarish jawline and deep-set eyes—and the grief written on his face was clear. 
I sighed with relief. He was Alary Savant.
“What are you doing here?” asked Alary without shifting his line of sight, so I had no idea who he was speaking to.
I turned to Asa for a hint, but he was still sprawled on the path, staring down at it fixedly.
“I asked you a question,” Alary repeated as he stepped toward Asa, every word smoking with fury. He looked so livid yet broken at the same time. He must have really loved Shizuka. 
My sympathy went out to him, but Asa was also—very much—a victim here. He was, in fact, the most innocent party in the aftermath of Shizuka’s unfortunate death, which had been the result of Lucifer’s quest for revenge. 
Lucifer... 
To think he didn’t even have any idea how much his son was suffering because of his wrongdoings—it pissed me off so, so much.
“I just thought I should pay Mum a visit...” said Asa in a voice fainter than before. 
A sinking sensation choked me. His plight tore hard at my chest. That barren look on his face—it was an expression someone his age shouldn’t even have known...let alone possessed. It was an expression I was familiar with.
“Haven’t I told you not to come before her ever?” Alary clutched Asa’s shirt, wrenched him to his feet, and punched him in the face without holding back. The sound of the impact was sickening.
“Hey!” I yelled, racing over to them. Next to massive Alary, Asa’s pint-sized body felt even smaller and more insubstantial. “What do you think you’re doing?” I seized his arm before he could take another swing at the poor kid. Apparently, Alary could be quite the dangerous dad as well. 
And God did he smell like my father—all booze and tobacco. Seriously, do all adults solve their problems with alcohol and sticks of paper stuffed with thousands of toxic substances?
Nostrils flaring, he flung me aside effortlessly. “Who the hell are you?” 
I hit the rough concrete again, skinning my elbows this time. Brushing sand off my wounds, I winced. The graze site on my right elbow looked pretty bad. Jeez—did this have to happen right after my wrist had healed?
“Just go away,” said Alary irritably, shoving Asa to the ground next to me, then returned to Shizuka’s resting place. “She’ll never forgive you. Nobody will ever forgive you.”
“Are you all right?” I asked Asa. 
The reply I got was a quick zap back to school. “Are you all right?” Asa asked me back. The edge of his lips was bruised and bleeding from Alary’s punch. “I’m so sorry for getting you hurt, Averie—I didn’t expect my dad to show up this late. I—I’ve always managed to...to avoid…” His voice trailed off; he was fighting back tears.
Blinking hard against the stinging in my own eyes, I stepped forward and pulled him into a hug. 
It was clear to me now. I couldn’t stay out of his problems because I saw myself in him. That look in his eyes—it was the same helplessness I’d been feeling since my mum left.
“It’s okay to cry. I won’t tell.” I held Asa tight, comforting him as tears poured down his face.
* * * *
At quarter to seven the next morning—almost time to get ready for school—I was still lying wide awake on my bed, not having gotten even a wink of sleep.
Since starting school at Black Gold on Monday, my life had become so much harder. In fact, it was getting worse every day. There were countless things I had to worry about: an erratic teacher who seemed hell-bent on picking on me, an endless amount of schoolwork, and exhausting training with a surprisingly fit seventy-year-old man. Three days ago, I was pushed off a building and would’ve died a gruesome death if it hadn’t been for Sasuke. And now, on top of all that, I was doubting myself. My character in particular.
I had condemned Acacia’s treatment of Asa, but now that I’d had time alone to process what Asa had told me, it really got me thinking... 
What would I have done if I’d been in Acacia’s position? Suppose my mother had been raped and impregnated by a being as vile as Lucifer, and I had a younger brother because of that, would I be treating him the same way Acacia did Asa?
I shifted over to my side—the heat accumulating on my back was getting more and more uncomfortable. I had no idea how I would have reacted. The only thing I could be sure of was that I would’ve been very angry. I might have even attempted to track Lucifer down for payback because I definitely would’ve hated him with all my heart. 
Forgiveness was so not my thing. After all, I couldn’t even forgive my own father—okay, according to Sir Albion, he might not be my biological father, but having lived with him my entire life, he’d been more like a father to me than Archangel Gabriel ever had been—for not being able to cope with my mother’s sudden, unexplained departure. 
I gripped the sheets tighter and shifted to my other side. I had my answer. If I’d been in Acacia’s position, I would have turned out, more or less, like she had. I probably wouldn’t have been making the lives of everyone who didn’t act the way I wanted them to miserable, but innocent as Asa may have been, I would’ve still detested him, simply because he was the son of Lucifer.
Eventually, admitting defeat, I peeled the covers off and got into the shower. I might as well get ready for school now. When I was done, I picked up my schoolbag and made my way downstairs. I was too tired for breakfast, but I’d grab a granola bar to chew on the way to school.
Stepping into the living room, I found my father sleeping on the battered couch and couldn’t help scowling. It wasn’t surprising to find him here since most of his daily activities were carried out here—he slept, ate (he hardly did though; after my mother left, meals were strictly solo affairs and solely for survival purposes), drank, and began his drunken rampages here. 
As usual, dozens of empty alcohol bottles cluttered every available space around him, including the only unbroken side table. It was almost impossible to find any intact furniture in this hellhole, since my drunkard father had wrecked most of it by now. At the moment, the only other thing left untouched in the living room was the television. My father would never take things out on the TV, no matter how drunk he was. Together with alcohol, it was his most indispensable possession. It was always left on, and always turned to some soccer channel—the only thing he would watch since he’d given up on the world.
I hadn’t bothered myself with my father in a very long time, and I suddenly realised how much older and frailer he’d become. His athletic frame, though still tall and trim, wasn’t as toned as it used to be. His face was weathered and wrinkled, his hair touched with grey. He reminded me of Alary Savant, both of them despondently in love with their absent wives.
Abruptly, my father stirred and started to wake, sending me into a panic. With no intention of staying and allowing him to catch me here, I whirled on my heel and scurried as fast as I could out of the living room. I was a couple of steps away from the main hallway when he called my name.
“Averie?” He sounded pretty clear-headed, and a battle raged within me.
Reply? Or not reply?
Promptly deciding on the latter, I ran into the hallway then out the front door and into the neighbourhood. Having forgotten how to speak to my father, I needed to get away before the situation got out-of-hand.
I didn’t even know what I was supposed to call him. I couldn’t bring myself to call him Dad. I hadn’t used that term in years—it would be so awkward. 
Gritting my teeth, I breathed hard. Despite everything, my heart ached... 
When had things come to this? Yes, I’d been excluding my father from my life all these years, but it wasn’t like I could help avoiding him—he was forever drunk and crazy. What was I supposed to have done? Got in the way and collided headfirst into more trouble? 
Still, I hadn’t known I couldn’t even manage to call him Dad anymore. How long had it been that way? Was it just that I knew now that he wasn’t my real father? And what about him? Had he known about it? Did Mum ever mention it to him?
No. 
I ran harder, passing my usual bus stop. If he’d known, he wouldn’t have showered me with that much fatherly love back when he was still sane. He’d always treated me as his child, and he hadn’t thrown me out when Mum died, so clearly he didn’t know the truth. It had to stay that way. I couldn’t afford to let him find out—I still needed a roof over my head until I finished school.
I stopped running. Yes, life in his house was hard, but I still didn’t want to have to go to an orphanage or even go under foster care. I crouched down, suddenly unable to remain standing anymore, and, hugging my knees close, found myself sobbing into them. I hadn’t wanted to admit it, but the truth was I’d already lost my mum, and I didn’t want to lose my dad—biological or not, sane or not. 
Why couldn’t things go back to the way they were before? Why did Mum have to leave? Why couldn’t we have stayed the happy family we once were? Why—
“Averie?” 
I jolted out of my train of thought and looked up into Sasuke’s apprehensive eyes. 
“What’s wrong? Why are you crying?” 
I stood up fast, wiping off tears hastily, and realised I was in school already. “W-what are you doing here?”
He pointed meaningfully to Ms. Psychotic’s pigeonhole outside the staff office, and I froze. “To submit the damn ‘respect’ essay before first period, of course. Kept me up all night—” He studied me then asked gravely, “You’re not serious, are you?” It must’ve been obvious I hadn’t done the essay.
Could my day get any worse? How could I have forgotten about that freaking essay? I absolutely couldn’t believe myself. Even after my hectic night at the graveyard, I should never have forgotten the most important piece of work to submit today...I was so screwed. I was done. I didn’t even know what would happen to me later in Ms. Psychotic’s class.
“Go back now,” said Sasuke. “Pretend you’re sick. Bring in a note from your dad tomorrow.”
“There’s no way I can get my dad to write me a note,” I said, matter-of-factly. “I don’t speak to him anymore.”
“Then fake one.” He spun me around and gave my back a light push, trying to get me to hurry.
His suggestion made sense so I ran again, without having a specific destination in mind. All I knew was that I couldn’t go to school, and I couldn’t go home. I made it out onto the sidewalk next to the main car park on campus, where some heated commotion going on at the other end of the quadrangle grabbed my attention—a large group of students was gathering by the school garden. 
I was about to turn away, get moving before I was discovered, when I made out vague outlines of Acacia and Jace. The place was swamped with students since it was almost homeroom time, but I decided to risk lingering a little longer to see what they were up to, causing such a major fuss. If any of my classmates or teachers ran into me, I’d pretend to be so unwell, I’d go to a doctor immediately. After another quick moment of observation, it seemed like there was a fight going on—
And Asa was involved!
Go over—and later face Ms. Psychotic’s wrath for not being able to produce her essay?
Or get out now—and avoid every trouble in my way?
I pulled at my hair in frustration. Go over? Or get out?
A long moment passed, but I couldn’t seem to weigh up my options and make a decision, so I let my instincts take control. I raced over to the knot of people.
I had to help Asa because nobody else would.
“Stop! Stop! Stop!” I pushed past the horde of onlookers and ran straight into Jace. Grabbing him by the arm felt disconcertingly like reliving last night at the graveyard, except with Jace Peller instead of Alary Savant.
He reeled around and, flushing with aggravation, glared down at me so fiercely, I almost cowered.
“What are you doing?” I demanded, still hanging on to his arm for fear that he would hit Asa again. 
Asa. 
I looked around and found him gasping on the ground. He must have taken a few punches already. His face was bruised and slightly swollen—though the spot where Alary had struck him looked the worst. When I glanced up, I caught Acacia’s gaze, and she rolled her eyes.
“Piss off,” hissed Jace as he attempted to shrug my hands off and I struggled to hold on. “You bitch.”
I could’ve kicked myself. He was way stronger than me; I wouldn’t stand a chance in this fight. I should have gone to a teacher for help instead of confronting them so brashly. 
Seeing me overpowered, Acacia let out a triumphant sneer, and I had to stop myself from kicking her in the shin as all the previous sympathy I’d felt for her disappeared. While I wasn’t paying attention to Jace, he pushed against my shoulder and I slammed into the ground. 
Unscathed, I sprang up to my feet, ready to run back to the staff office to get help, but before I could make a move, Jace stalked up to Asa, and I snapped. With the momentum of a good sprint, I shoved Jace hard, away from the battered boy on the ground. I could only watch dumbstruck, as he crashed into Acacia, who’d been standing some distance away, and she tumbled into the pond.
Karma sure was a bitch. Only a few days ago she’d tossed Chaste’s books into that same pond... 
Acacia’s face was scrunched up in alarm and rage when she resurfaced a few seconds later. Splashing at the water gracelessly, she squealed for help and spluttered nasty words at me in an unintelligible jumble. I blinked, taken aback—not by Acacia’s screams, but because I was genuinely surprised at the amount of force I’d used for the shove. I had no idea I was strong enough to send a tall, robust teenage boy skidding a good few meters. Looked like Sir Albion’s physical training was finally paying off. 
Anyway, I would’ve laughed to my heart’s content at Acacia’s weed-wrapped head, but to my horror, Mrs. Bernadette, Ms. Psychotic, and another male teacher I didn’t recognise strode into the crowd. They must’ve seen what I’d done because the looks on their faces were downright hostile.
Dear life, when I said could my day get any worse, I did not mean it as a challenge.
Meanwhile, in Acacia’s witty effort to make my offence look worse than it actually was, she immediately put on a dramatic performance in which she was drowning.
Tsk. Come on, the water was just slightly above knee level.
The male teacher, Jace, Elliot, and a couple of other students waded into the water to help Acacia while Mrs. Bernadette gestured for me to come. All previous thoughts vanished as the blood drained from my face. If only I could drop dead. Right now.
There was no way I could explain myself out of this. Absolutely no way. In the eyes of the adults, I’d still be at fault no matter the reason.
“It’s my fault,” confessed Asa all of a sudden, picking himself up from the ground. “I started it.”
Mrs. Bernadette let out a frustrated sigh, looking tired. “Both of you”—she made a waving motion at me and Asa—“and Jace, come with me. Let’s have a little talk in the office.”
I trailed as far behind Mrs. Bernadette as I thought she would allow and wounded up in the principal’s office with the principal—Mrs. Kathleen—Mrs. Bernadette, Asa, and Jace minutes later. They all had completely different expressions on their faces. Mrs. Kathleen looked impatient and upset; Mrs. Bernadette was all steely and serious; Asa looked surprisingly calm and composed; and Jace insolent and ready to defy. 
As for me, I didn’t know how I looked, but I was truly scared. I just hoped they didn’t expel me—was I thinking too much? They wouldn’t expel a student for fighting, right? Not when it was my first offence—or, in fact, the only offence in the history of my school career. Okay, so they wouldn’t know that, but still—
 “So, what exactly happened?” prompted Mrs. Kathleen—a slightly plump, elderly Irish lady with a deceivingly empathetic face—as her grim eyes strayed from Asa to me to Jace, and back to me again since I was, inopportunely, standing in the middle. “I want nothing but the truth. And don’t waste my time. Start.”
“I—” Eager to get our side of the story out first, all three of us spoke at once.
“Let’s start with Averie,” proposed Mrs. Kathleen, still looking my way fixedly.
Squaring my shoulders, I began to put together my defending speech. “I saw Jace Peller hitting the younger boy across the quadrangle so I went in to stop the fight—”
“By landing an innocent girl in the pond?” interjected Mrs. Kathleen curtly.
I couldn’t help myself. I snickered, fully aware that in doing so, I was aggravating Mrs. Kathleen further. “Yeah, she’s probably the most innocent party out of us all,” I said, as sarcastically as I could. “She must’ve been the one who incited her sidekick Jace to beat up Asa.”
“Who did you just call a sidekick, bitch?” retorted Jace, scowling into my face. I had to fight down the urge to punch him and deal with whatever crap came along after that. This was the second time today he’d called me a ‘bitch’, even though he was the one at fault.
“Watch your language,” snapped Mrs. Bernadette, speaking up for the first time in this office, but Jace merely glowered at her defiantly.
“Next,” said Mrs. Kathleen, ignoring my scathing comment. “Asa.”
“I started it,” declared Asa valiantly. “I hit Jace first, and he merely retaliated. As for Averie, she saw that Jace was ready to strike me back so she pushed him away. She couldn’t have expected that he would collide with my sister, making her fall into the pond. Averie honestly didn’t do it on purpose.”
Mrs. Kathleen nodded in acknowledgement, and I almost thought she was buying Asa’s story. “Good try,” she said. “Then why are you the only one injured?”
“Jace dodged my fist,” countered Asa without missing a beat, keeping up with his lie convincingly. “My injuries aren’t caused by him.”
“Oh…” Mrs. Kathleen, nevertheless, arched one of her eyebrows disbelievingly. She sure was a hard nut to crack. “Why did you hit him?” 
With this question, she knocked Asa off his rhythm. “I hit him because—well, I—”
“Okay, next,” interrupted Mrs. Kathleen.
“I have nothing to say,” said Jace simply.
“Say something,” ordered Mrs. Bernadette irascibly.
“I hit this bastard because he has a detestable face,” barked Jace. “Will that do?”
“Yes, thank you,” said Mrs. Kathleen bluntly. “Anything else to add?”
Thick silence descended as Mrs. Kathleen waited.
“Since the finals are coming in a month, I don’t want to have to suspend any of you,” she said when none of us spoke up. “Any suggestions from your side?”
More silence. Knowing there was no right answer to her question, I remained quiet even though I couldn’t believe she was asking for our opinions. 
When we walked out of the principal’s office ten minutes later, Mrs. Bernadette pulled Jace to a corner for, apparently, more lectures.
“Stop behaving like a child, would you?” I overheard her saying as I passed. “I know your father’s death is hard on you—”
Jace jerked away from her hand. “You don’t know anything, Mum,” he said irritably. “Just leave me alone.”
Mum? They’re mother and son? 
Now that I knew, I couldn’t believe I’d missed it. They had the same white skin tone, same dirty-blond hair, same emerald green eyes, and they were both tall as a tower.
I walked out of earshot and realised Asa way ahead of me—he was already turning into the classroom block, about to go up the stairs. Picking up my pace, I caught up to him.
“Asa?” I said, resting a hand on his shoulder. “Are you all right? Shouldn’t you be going to the nurse to get your face checked out?”
He didn’t say anything but reached into his pocket, fumbling for something. Seconds later, he produced a locket—my locket—from his pocket and held it out to me. “Look, I appreciate your compassion, but I’ll say this one last time—don’t bother yourself with my problems,” he said as I took my locket back. I must have dropped it during the tussle with Jace. His voice turned weak, “I don’t want her to hate me more than she already does.” He turned away and disappeared up the stairs.
He loved his sister, I realised, in spite of every hurtful thing she’d done to him. Yes, he was guilt-ridden for causing his mother’s death, but part of the reason he didn’t retaliate against Acacia and Alary was probably because he hoped to be accepted as their family.
In a terribly gloomy mood, I headed toward the lab block for my first period class—horrible, dreadful Chemistry with Ms. Psychotic—as slowly as I could, literally taking three steps forward then two back again. I was hoping to miss my first lab session with her altogether with the trip to Mrs. Kathleen’s office, but no luck there. Only forty-five minutes had passed, meaning there was still one hour and fifteen minutes of Chemistry left.
Good luck to me.
I sighed. Good luck had never been on my side from the day I started attending Black Gold. Everything was crashing down on me at once, and I couldn’t breathe. I was so sick and tired of life. Couldn’t it give me a break? I was only human—okay, half-human, but still, more or less, human. I needed a rest. I really needed it.
I sighed again. 
Forget it. 
Coming right up was the wrath of Ms. Psychotic. I stopped at the third level of the lab block, contemplating giving Chemistry a miss. The thought of skipping it was extremely tempting. Perhaps I could feign sickness like I’d originally planned—no, wait. Why should I skip? It wasn’t like I was afraid of her. Anyway, I couldn’t ditch Sasuke—I was his lab partner, and if I wasn’t there, not only would he have to do double the work, he would have to endure an extra dose of her disdain, brought about by my absence. 
I couldn’t be that selfish.
Gulping in a couple of deep breath, I pulled myself together. When I was feeling brave enough, I crossed the short distance to Ms. Psychotic’s lab class.
I would survive. I always did.
“Oh, look. Who do we have here?” she acknowledged my presence acerbically and a feeling of pure dread swallowed me whole. “Aren’t you suspended?”
I stiffened, wanting to evaporate into air and be freed from this awful place. This psychopath was bound to get me to reveal what had happened in Mrs. Kathleen’s office to humiliate me in front of all my classmates. “Nope,” I said, acting nonchalant as I took my seat next to Sasuke. Because we were in the same group, we would receive the same grades, and Ms. Psychotic had made it very clear that my group would be getting unfavourable grades simply because my attitude sucked.
I really didn’t get it. How had I provoked her? Why did she hate me so badly?
I sighed, for the umpteenth time this past week. 
Never mind that. I had long given up on my Chemistry grade—I would have to put my stakes on the rest of my subjects—but I felt bad for Sasuke. He’d had the misfortune of getting me as a partner because we were both new in class.
I would have to negotiate his case with Ms. Psychotic sometime.
Scanning the room, I crossed sight with Acacia. She had already changed out of her soiled clothes, and she was giving me the fiercest glare ever. Not in the mood to care, I averted my eyes, but I could still feel her stare boring through me. Refusing to let something like that bother me, I tried my best to ignore it.
“So what happened in the principal’s office?” Ms. Psychotic finally asked, and the class came to a standstill as everyone gave me their full attention.
Before I could think of a reply, Jace entered the lab sullenly. I didn’t know whether to be glad.
“What happened?” repeated Ms. Psychotic impatiently.
What could I say? I didn’t want to tell the entire class I was due to report to Mrs. Bernadette for corrective work half an hour before school every day next week. “You know…the normal lecture,” I said as coolly as I could.
“Since you weren’t suspended, how were you punished?” pressed Ms. Psychotic relentlessly, and I rolled my eyes. What was her problem? I’d never met another teacher half as horrid.
I didn’t lose my cool, though. “I have to clock corrective work hours with Mrs. Bernadette next week,” I explained briefly as I flipped through my lab sheet for the class, not failing to add, “together with Jace.” There was no way I would suffer this mortification by myself.
It was Jace’s turn to roll his eyes.
“What about the other boy, Asa?”
My head shot up, and I stared at Ms. Psychotic in disbelief. Did she really have to get me to tell every single detail?
“He was let off the hook,” I said shortly.
“Why?”
By now, my patience was running dangerously thin. “I don’t know,” I lied, not wanting to tell everyone Asa was let off the hook because he was the only one who admitted to being in the wrong. I’d been too busy trying to get Mrs. Kathleen and Mrs. Bernadette to see Acacia’s involvement in the fight—to no avail, apparently. Why did bad guys always get away with everything?
Okay, maybe that was too severe a statement, but I could hardly take things lying down. I didn’t think I’d done wrong in all sense of the word. Plus, the thought of Acacia gloating while I served corrective work was too much to bear. Especially when she must have been the instigator behind the fight.
“You better get a move on with your experiment today.” Ms. Psychotic finally left the demeaning discussion at that.
I let out a silent sigh of relief, only to be disconcerted once again.
“It would be a miracle if you even managed a pass,” she remarked offhandedly, and I almost snapped back at her. “Oh, and where the hell are my essays?”
Eyebrows furrowing, I repeated after her, stressing the plural, “Essays?”
“Don’t act ignorant…”
“I didn’t submit mine either,” said Sasuke to me in a hushed tone while Ms. Psychotic ranted.
“Why?” I demanded, unable to rein in my frustration.
He just shrugged. What was that supposed to mean?
“Are the two of you even listening?” retorted Ms. Psychotic, tuning me back to her frequency. “Incorrigible idiots.” 
Immediately, I felt the urge to secretly record the way she conducted her class then submit it to the school board. I didn’t want things to end up that way, but I could hardly stand her tyranny any longer.
“If you aren’t interested in my class, you can always leave,” barked Ms. Psychotic, and, without hesitation, Sasuke loaded his iPad, books, and pens into his backpack then proceeded to zip it up.
I stared at him in shock; this was getting completely out of hand. At this rate, he would really be failing Ms. Psychotic’s class.
Slinging his backpack over his shoulder, he said to me, “Let’s go?” 
There was a collective gasp of shock in the lab. Following his lead, I packed up as well, and before long, the two of us were out of the lab, leaving the rest of the class gawking in disbelief.
When we were out of view, Sasuke turned to me. “Let’s chill at my room until the next class. What do you think?”
For a moment, I wondered what room he was talking about, but I quickly realised it could only be his hostel. With no other idea in mind, I agreed. Sasuke led the way, and I found myself outside a boys’ toilet soon after.
“Wait here,” he said before disappearing into the toilet.
Maybe he needed the washroom badly?
Seconds later, Sasuke emerged from the toilet and indicated for me to come in. “No one’s inside. Come on.”
“What? Are you serious? This is the gents!” I told him, as though he didn’t know already.
“I need to zap us there. We can’t just walk into the hostel during school hours. There’s a guard on duty,” he explained.
“Oh. Okay…” With little choice, I stepped into the gents with Sasuke.
“Ready?” he asked, holding out his open hand.
I took it and closed my eyes. “Ready.”
The same old discomfort washed over me.
“We’re here,” he said, and I felt him letting go.
I opened my eyes to a small, neat room with two beds, two desks, two chairs, two wardrobes—all mirroring each other—and some shelves against the wall between the desks. Only one side of the room seemed to be occupied, so I asked, “You don’t have a roommate?”
“Nope. I’m new here, and there’s no other boy to pair up with me.” He suddenly sighed. “I wish finals would come already,” he said glumly as he plopped down onto his bed, only to sit up again a moment later. He got off his bed and pulled out a chair for me. “Sorry—there you go.”
I waved off his courtesy as I sat down. Sasuke was probably the most polite person I’d ever met. “I wish it would arrive earlier too. Can’t wait to get Acacia, Jace, and definitely Ms. Psy—Evaline off my back.”
“What do you call her?” Sasuke looked to me, all curious. “Ms. Psycho?” He broke into uncontrollable laughter as he dropped down onto his bed again. “That’s a pretty accurate description of her!”
Unable to contain my amusement, I grinned widely. “Actually, to be precise, I call her Ms. Psychotic.”
He laughed again as I recalled what had got us slacking off here.
“On a serious note, you shouldn’t have left the lab. I know she was very mean, but now she’s bound to give you a failing grade, too.”
“Don’t worry, I’ve actually got a plan,” said Sasuke brightly.
I sat up straighter. “Let’s hear it.”
He winked at me. “All we have to do is to exchange Chemistry for some other class.”
The world brightened instantly. Why hadn’t I thought of that? It would solve everything. But Chemistry was a pretty useful subject…should we give it up like that? 
I shrugged the thought off. I was going to fail it anyway if I continued with Ms. Psychotic’s class. Might as well drop it.
“That’s a great idea. Let’s go to the general office to do the exchange during lunch.”
He nodded in agreement, still sprawled on his bed, gazing at the ceiling.
“Aren’t you going to ask me why I got myself into a fight when I was supposed to be taking a sick day?” I couldn’t help but ask.
“Because, Averie,” he said tentatively, keeping a tight watch on my reaction. “I already know why. Everyone in Black Gold has heard about it.” 
I’d kind of expected that. In a school of only three hundred students, it wouldn’t be that hard to spread the news. And it had happened during the busiest time of the school day, when everyone was moving from the hostel to the main building for class.
He seemed relieved when I didn’t react. “It was brave of you to look past your own problems to stop the fight. If I’d known what was happening, I would have stepped in to help, and things might not have turned out the way they did. I’m sorry.”
I smiled at him. “Anyone told you that you’re a nice person?”
“Yes, plenty,” he said, matter-of-factly.
Everything Sasuke did resurfaced in my mind all of sudden. He was always so kind to everyone. From the first time we met—which was two weeks ago—I’d never witnessed him being anything lesser than nice to anyone. Classmates, Mr. Weird Security Guard, janitors, lab technicians; it didn’t matter who. “Why are you so kind to people?” I asked in incomprehension.
He looked baffled. “Er—I’ve never given that any thought,” he said. “Do people need a reason to be kind to each other?”
“People are pretty much self-centred. Nobody wants to do things that will hurt their own interests. Don’t you worry you would lose out with such a giving personality?”
“Actually, I believe I would only lose out otherwise. My mum told me once that if I grow up to be a good man, the rest would all make sense. And my dad always tells me, just keep it real. I’ve always listened to them, and I intend to go on that way.”
“Wow—you probably have awesome parents,” I said bitterly.
“I do.” He beamed with pride then dropped his smile when he caught on to my tone. “What about yours?” he asked apprehensively.
“Don’t want to talk about it.”
He watched me with caution out of the corner of his eye. “All right, let’s talk about something lighter then.”
We spent the rest of first period chatting about every topic under the sun. Favourite food, schoolwork, hobbies—I didn’t have even one while Sasuke had plenty—and, basically, life. He also revealed why he could speak English so well, and it was because his mum was an English speaker that had migrated to Japan all the way from the UK.
“I want to go home,” he divulged dejectedly when it was almost time for our next class. “I miss my brothers so much. It feels lonely, sleeping in a room alone. Before I left Tokyo, my younger brothers would always come into my room whenever it was time for bed and we would spread futons on the floor—futons are cotton mattresses. The three of us would curl up to sleep, together with our two dogs.”
“Bear with it for a while.” I smiled to myself as I pictured three boys and two dogs all snuggled up at bedtime. “One more month and home you go.”
“Yeah, I hope nothing’s changed when I get back.”
“It’s only a month. I’m sure nothing much will change,” I reassured him. I was glad to find him cheering up.
“That’s right. I should be more positive,” he said radiantly. “Being miserable doesn’t help anything.”
“Yep,” I agreed. After this random chitchat session, I found myself cheering up as well. I was already feeling more optimistic about my future—something I hadn’t felt in a long time. 
“Let’s get to our next class, shall we?” He extended an open palm to me. 
“Sure.” I reached out and placed my hand in his.







Chapter 7
Tokyo Dome, Japan

“Chaste?” Sasuke and I sat down next to her in the cafeteria. “You all right?”
The three of us had become friends since the day we’d gathered by chance in the infirmary, and it had been close to two weeks since then. Chaste and I had identical subjects, so we were always hanging out, and, while Sasuke’s timetable differed slightly from ours, he’d stick around whenever we had the same class. 
 “Yes,” said Chaste absently, shoving her tiny amount of lunch around the plate, “I am.”
“You’ve been dozing off a lot in Chemistry lately,” Sasuke pointed out, biting into the first of his two sandwiches quickly. “Insomnia?”
Our plan to exchange Chemistry for something else had failed thoroughly when we were told it was a compulsory subject in Black Gold. But really, I should have known better—Chemistry was an important subject. Our fate in Ms. Psychotic’s class afterward had, of course, been beyond painful—I didn’t even want to think about it.
“No, not at all.” She shook her head slightly, looking disoriented. “I haven’t got a clue why I keep nodding off...”
“Our Chemistry lessons are pretty lame, but you probably should do something to stay awake,” said Sasuke. “She hasn’t called on you yet, but we all know there’s a limit to her patience.” 
“You’re so lucky,” I tossed in with a sigh. “I can totally imagine her wrath if I were the one not paying attention in her class.” 
Chaste set her fork down and pushed her plate away. “I’ll do my best,” she said, offering us an unconvincing smile then went back to staring into space.
Sasuke glanced over at me, his eyes nudging me to do something about the heavy atmosphere. 
“We’ll help to keep a closer eye on you,” I suggested. “Right, Sasuke?”
“Yeah, of course.” Sasuke played along readily before getting up—the human vacuum had finished all his sandwiches already. “I’ll see you guys later. I need to get to Music early.” He waved at us briefly as he rushed off.
“See you,” I said, waving back. 
This was the norm every Thursday—always rushing off to his Music class after lunch. For what, I wasn’t sure, but I would remember to ask him next time.
“Averie,” said Chaste suddenly. “Have you ever been in love?”
“Er, no leh,” I said, biting into my lunch—a small ham and cheese sandwich. Although I’d been working out a lot these days, I hadn’t been able to eat as much as I used to. I didn’t feel sick or anything, so it must’ve been stress. 
“Oh,” she sighed.
“Have you?” I asked suspiciously. Chaste sounded like she was in love and hoping to get advice from a more experienced friend.
“Averie?” She swivelled to me and looked into my eyes. 
“Yeah?” Watching her fixedly, I waited for her to speak while she appeared to struggle, seemingly trying to decide whether to tell me whatever that she was thinking.
“Recently right,” she said tentatively, “something very weird has been happening to me in Chemistry. I keep seeing this young couple in my dreams and—”
“Whoa!” I jumped in surprise as a young, ebony skinned girl bumped into me, tipping my food onto the floor.
“Sorry,” the petite girl with long, rebonded hair—a first or second year at most—said to me in a whisper before scurrying off. Coming from behind her were Acacia and friends. 
I knew it.
Ever since that ugly episode with the pond, Acacia had been making trouble for me every day without fail and, as usual, Asa had been avoiding me at school—even though I’d made it very clear that I didn’t care what his sister think and still wanted to be friends.
“What do you want this time?” I said irritably, but they merely dished out quick glares before strutting off.
Sighing tiredly, I bent down to clean up the mess on the floor. 
Chaste came around to help me. “I can’t believe she’s still on your case,” she muttered, her forehead deeply furrowed. “It’s been a week. Can’t we do something?”
I nudged Chaste, and she looked up. “Don’t worry about me, okay?” I flashed her a wide smile. “It’s really no big deal lah. Just kind of annoying, that’s all.”
She smiled back. “Good to hear,” she said then her smile dimmed. “But Asa—”
Mrs. Bernadette spoke behind me. “Is there a problem?” 
Not now, please. 
I groaned under my breath. Tomorrow would be my last corrective work session, and it couldn’t come soon enough. Trailing around the school to do housekeeping with a petulant Jace and an unyielding Mrs. Bernadette first thing every morning had got old fast.
We turned around to look at Mrs. Bernadette, and she didn’t look as accusative as she sounded—she merely appeared curious. It seemed she hadn’t seen what happened, so I decided it was best to lie. Solving the problems between Acacia and me by involving a teacher was definitely a bad idea. 
“I dropped my lunch by accident,” I said, my back as stiff as a board. 
“Be sure to clean up properly,” said Mrs. Bernadette in her usual firm voice. 
“I will,” I said eagerly, and she walked off.
“No wonder Acacia left you alone so quickly,” said Chaste, suddenly enlightened.
“If only I could be that lucky every day,” I moaned. “Oh, what were you saying before ah?”
“Never mind.” Chaste waved my question off, her lips forming an unconvincing tight-lipped smile. “It’s nothing important.”
Judging by her unusual behaviour, what she was saying had to be important, but since she wasn’t ready to share, I didn’t push her. “Oh, okay,” I said, picking the last bit of wasted sandwich off the floor. “Since my lunch is ruined, and you don’t seem interested in yours, why don’t we get back to class?”
She nodded. “That’s what I had in mind.”
* * * *
It was ten minutes past nine that night when Sir Albion finally returned us from Scotland to Singapore. Today’s session had been the longest yet. Eight hours of pushing the limits…the old man was overdoing it. 
More exhausted than usual, I trudged toward the school gates to go home while Sasuke was heading for the hostel. 
“Bye, see you tomorrow,” I muttered.
“Want me to send you home? You look like you’re about to pass out,” said Sasuke teasingly as a hint of a smile played over his face.
I would have given him a mock punch on the arm if I hadn’t been so worn out. 
The old man wasn’t going easy on us at all. Instead of the usual hundred laps at the beginning of each session, he made us do a hundred kilometres—yes, a freaking hundred kilometres—this time around. I regretted passing up lunch the whole time. 
I never would have made it through the killer run around the Inverness suburbs if it weren’t for Sir Albion’s and Sasuke’s constant provocations and encouragements. What made it worse was that Sir Albion ran the same hundred kilometres with us, leading the way.
Nephilim or not, the old man was seventy years old. I couldn’t believe it.
“I’ll be all right. Bye.” I sent a small smirk in his way to reassure him then turned toward the direction of the main gates. Sasuke was right, and I definitely could’ve used the lift, but I didn’t want to trouble him. He had to be tired, too. Plus, I was uncomfortable bringing friends to my house—I didn’t want to risk them running into my father. 
As I exited the school, someone jumped into my path, shaking me so violently that I blacked out for a moment. Even when the faintness wore off, staying upright took way too much effort.
“Averie!” Chaste practically shouted my name. 
“It’s ten o’clock,” I said with a grimace. “Shouldn’t you be home already?”
“Yes, I should, but never mind that. Remember the dream I told you about? I saw the guy! Can I ask you a favour? Would you come with me to meet him? I’ll pay for everything, I promise, so please, Averie?”
“Wait, wait, wait! You’ve got to calm down, Chaste. I’m not getting what you’re telling me at all.”
“Okay, I’m sorry. Do you remember the dream I told you about this afternoon?” She made the effort to speak slower, while her eyes pleaded for my comprehension. “You know, the one about the young couple.”
“Yes, so what about them?” I asked feebly.
“I saw the guy from my dream on TV when I got home just now. Only the guy—he looked kind of different, but it was definitely him. He’s a singer actually, and he’s holding the last stop of his Asia tour in Tokyo Dome the day after tomorrow.”
I groaned, “Don’t tell me—”
“Yes!” she cried, not calming down at all. “I need to go to the concert, Averie. I know this sounds utterly insane, but that recurring dream is driving me crazy! I’ve got a feeling I’ll figure things out if I get to see him in person. Would you please go with me, Averie? I know it’s asking a lot, and I’m really sorry, but you’re the only person I can think of asking.” She looked into my eyes beseechingly. “You wouldn’t get into trouble with your dad, would you?” Chaste didn’t know about my family’s situation. I hadn’t told any of my friends about it because I didn’t see the need to. Besides, I didn’t want anyone to take pity on me. The only friend who knew a thing or two was Sasuke, and that was only because he happened to be there once when my father was acting up.
“No, my dad would barely notice I was gone.” But two eighteen-year-old girls flying to Japan when they couldn’t even speak the language… It sounded like a bad idea. Aside from that, I’d been warned by Sir Albion not to cross the borders of Singapore.
I breathed deeply, ready to talk Chaste out of this crazy trip. However, when I looked into those desperate eyes of hers, I found myself relenting. “Okay,” I sighed, “but only if Sasuke comes with us.” 
Chaste nodded fervently in agreement, seeming overwhelmed with relief. “I’ve been thinking about asking him too. And thanks, Averie.” 
We should be fine; nothing happened the other time I was in Japan with Asa, and that was only a week ago. Besides, Sasuke could zap us all to safety if anything happened.
 “Won’t you get into trouble with your parents?” 
 “I’ll worry about that when we get back.”
“One more thing,” I added, “we’ll be flying right back to Singapore once the concert is over. Even if we don’t figure anything out, we are going home.”
“Okay…” she said hesitantly.
“I’m serious.” 
“Okay,” she said again, more firmly.
“Can you even get concert tickets now?” I asked in one quick breath. My mind was reeling and ready to shut down anytime. “It’s in two days’ time, isn’t it? Won’t it be sold out already?” 
“I managed to buy two tickets from someone on the Internet. Not the best idea, I know, but it’s the only way to get tickets now.”
“Is it reliable?” I asked, feeling hazy.
“I checked the tickets before handing the money over,” she assured me as I slid an arm around her shoulders. I was so light-headed I could barely stand.
“Can you flag me a taxi?” I muttered weakly. “I’m fainting.”
Worry scrambled all over her face. “Are you okay?” 
“Get me a taxi,” I repeated, on the verge of losing consciousness.
After stumbling our way to the edge of the pavement, Chaste managed to hail a yellow taxi in no time. She helped me in and was about to get in with me, but I conjured the most convincing smile I had in me and waved her off. “It’s okay, Chaste. See you tomorrow. Talk to Sasuke then text me the plan.”
She hesitated. “Okay,” she said eventually, nodding as she closed the taxi door. No questions asked, thankfully.
I slumped against the backseat after giving the driver my address and, for the rest of the ride, struggled to stay conscious. 
The taxi pulled into my housing lane several long minutes later, and, with a great deal of effort, I managed to walk the short distance to my bedroom. I was unconscious before I even hit the pillow.
* * * *
Sir Albion made us do another hundred kilometres the next day, and it was more manageable by a minuscule margin—probably because I actually ate my lunch. Still, I was completely spent by the time training ended, and I wanted to bail on the plans for tonight whenever I thought about it.
 “Averie? Sasuke?” Chaste met up with us as we stepped out of the staff office. “I’m glad Sir Albion didn’t drag out your lesson today. Come on, let’s go!” Chaste, like everyone else, didn’t know what we did at our lessons with Sir Albion. She thought we were staying back for extra coaching to catch up on our schoolwork. After all, we’d only joined Black Gold recently, and exams were in a month’s time.
“Let’s go!” repeated Sasuke enthusiastically. “It’s time!”
I let out a lighthearted laugh, knowing he had to be ecstatic about going back to Tokyo. “I’m really glad you’re coming along.”
 Sasuke smiled. A cheeky glint flickered in his eyes. “Sir Albion is going to freak when we don’t turn up tomorrow,” he said gleefully. 
I sighed. “We are going to be in so much trouble we get back. Do you think we’re in danger…?” I didn’t know if Chaste had been told about Lucifer, so it was better not to let anything slip. “I mean... You know—”
Chaste cut in. “Tokyo is Sasuke’s hometown, so we should be in safe hands,” she suggested meekly. It seemed she didn’t know. Why hadn’t Sir Albion warned her about leaving Singapore? What if Chaste had gone to Japan all by herself? The thought gave me the chills. She could’ve been captured by Lucifer. 
 “This whole thing is his fault to begin with.” Sasuke’s expression hardened as his voice became taut. “He’s always acting so nonchalant, when he doesn’t even get the whole picture of my situation. Do you know how much damage one month is going to do me? How far I’m falling behind?”
Chaste and I stared at him, unblinking. 
“What are you talking about?” I asked.
“Well…I’ll tell you another time,” said Sasuke evasively. “As for safety, I’ll bring us back to Singapore immediately if anything goes wrong.”
Chaste and I nodded together in agreement, though we had to be interpreting Sasuke’s statement completely differently. I knew he meant he would zap us to safety if necessary—he’d been getting pretty good at it—and I guessed that should be enough to run from Lucifer. He was critically injured after his last battle after all, and Asa had mentioned the very same tactic before, so it should work just fine.
“We should get going,” urged Sasuke, reading his watch. “The latest check in time for our flight is 11.15, and it’s already 9.30. Go get your stuff then let’s meet at the pedestrian crossing outside Black Gold in an hour’s time.”
Realising how tight time was, Chaste and I sprinted for the school gates. We should’ve prepared for the flight instead of rushing like this, but it was too late for regret now. Luckily, Sir Albion hadn’t kept us longer tonight—this was the only available flight that could make it in time for the concert.
“Don’t forget your passport,” Sasuke called after us in a relaxed manner. Well, of course he could be relaxed. Living at the hostel, he could take his own sweet time. “And bring a jacket!”
I caught the bus home and bolted the short distance from the bus stop to my house. 
Inside, I unloaded my backpack, filled the space with a change of clothes and my passport, hurried through a quick shower and changed into comfortable clothes for the long flight before grabbing a cardigan and finally rushing off to the rendezvous. 
I was the last to arrive, I realised as I came to the pedestrian crossing. A taxi was already waiting by the side of the road and Chaste and Sasuke were yelling at me to hurry, so I raced over as quickly as I could.
“Changi Airport Terminal One, sir,” Sasuke informed the taxi driver as he took the front passenger seat while the girls slid into the back. 
We wasted no time rushing to the check in station when we finally arrived at Terminal One at 11.05 PM, only relaxing after we’d made it in time. The plane was scheduled to depart roughly an hour later. Meanwhile, we would rest in the waiting area.
“This is the agenda: our plane is scheduled to touch down at Narita Airport at six-forty in the morning—Tokyo time. From Narita, we’ll be taking a chartered ride to Tokyo Dome Hotel. That’ll take about two hours, depending on the traffic,” said Sasuke as he led us to a quieter seating area away from the main crowd.
“Hey, guys,” said Chaste softly as we sat down. “Thanks.”
“Don’t mention it,” said Sasuke as he put on shades and a stylish caramel-coloured cap then pulled the hood of his equally stylish dark fleece jacket over his head. He looked really good, but I didn’t see the point of dressing up before a long flight. I guessed that’s why the Japanese were known for being fashionable, and I just hoped I wouldn’t stand out for dressing too carelessly. “I’ve been planning to sneak to Tokyo for a while. You just gave me an excuse.” 
“Since we’ve got some time now, can we take care of the money?” I looked at Sasuke, who’d booked everything. “How much did everything cost?”
It was a pity humans couldn’t be teleported—Sir Albion said their bodies would crack from the strain. Still, we would’ve saved so much money if Sasuke could’ve zapped us all to Japan. Yes, Sasuke would’ve had to do it. Despite trying every night before I went to bed, I still couldn’t even summon Aries, never mind teleporting.
“It’s all right, I can still afford that,” said Sasuke without a second thought.
“I can’t let you do that,” Chaste objected right away while I gaped at him incredulously.
Although I had a relatively successful business to take over when I turned twenty-one, I was still pretty much an average college student with average spending power, receiving no more than a comfortable living allowance from my uncle in his effort to keep me down-to-earth. I didn’t mind though. After all, he’d taken over my parents’ duties when my family fell apart—signing documents like my report cards and indemnity forms, providing me with pocket money, and basically taking care of my general wellbeing. 
“This has to cost thousands of dollars, and you can afford that?” I asked Sasuke in disbelief.
Taking in my expression, he chuckled. “Maybe we can talk about money another time? And please don’t worry about it, okay?” he said, rendering me speechless. 
In that moment, I thought Sasuke had to be the coolest guy in the entire world. From the astounded look on Chaste’s face, I could tell she felt the same way. Still, in reality, he was just a boy spending his parents’ money, like every other kid on the planet, and there was no way I would take him up on the offer. “Look, I really appreciate your offer, but I insist we—”
Before I could finish my sentence, they called first and business class passengers to begin boarding, so we dropped the talk to get ready to board with the economy class passengers.
As we paused at the end of the plane aisle, waiting for other passengers to stow luggage, Sasuke said, “I’ll take the window seat.”
“Eh, why?” I protested. I knew it was childish to argue over a seat, but I couldn’t stop myself. “This is my first time flying.”
He looked at me for a second. “Okay,” he said, barely even thinking about it, though he’d just paid for all our tickets. He moved aside to let me go down the row first then turned to Chaste. “Do you mind if I sit next to Averie?” 
Chaste shook her head. “Not really.” 
Sasuke went on and took the seat beside me, folding himself awkwardly into the tiny seat. Sandwiched between me and Chaste, he tried hard to fit his long legs into the limited space while Chaste and I sat comfortably, giving him offhanded suggestions to make better use of whatever space there was. 
Excited for my first take-off, I looked out the window in anticipation. When the plane finally accelerated down the runway, my heart actually skipped a beat. The excitement, however, was replaced by shock as pain lanced through my skull, numbing both sides of my neck. The pain finally let up when the plane levelled off, and I heaved out a trembling sigh of relief.
“Are you all right, Averie?” Chaste asked me anxiously as I turned my head to meet her and Sasuke’s concerned gazes.
“My ears just hurt during take-off. I’m fine now,” I reassured them.
I forced myself to stay awake, despite my exhaustion, not taking my eyes off the night sky. It was so beautiful, and since I wouldn’t get to sit through a night flight anytime soon, I didn’t want to waste it sleeping. 
Chaste seemed too excited to fall asleep as well. The reasons for our excitement were completely different, but still, I could understand her feelings. She couldn’t wait to get some answers, and I knew how hard it was to have to live with countless unknowns plaguing you. 
Sasuke, on the other hand, fell asleep immediately after he’d found a comfortable position, which seemed to be sitting upright with both legs straight. He slouched forward with his shades still on—I had no idea what he was shielding his eyes from on the dimly lit plane—and his jacket hood over his head. Up close, I could see that the training was taking its toll on him too, as signs of exhaustion clearly marked his thin, pallid face.
Not wanting to disturb the exhausted boy, Chaste and I stayed quiet, barely talking throughout the flight.
At some point, I must have succumbed to fatigue, despite my determination to stay awake, because the next thing I knew Sasuke was shaking my arm gently. 
“Hey. Morning,” he said, a light smile on his face. “I figured you’d want to be awake for touchdown. Look out the window. Like what you see?”
Rubbing my bleary eyes, I gazed down on a city landscape bustling with life. “I can’t see that clearly from up here,” I murmured, stifling a yawn and not forgetting courtesy, even though I was only half awake, “but I’m sure I’ll like it."
He laughed, keeping his volume low. “You’ll love it, I promise.”
I was about to say something when my ears went deaf with pain, probably signalling touchdown. Like before, it cleared after a while.
“Okay?” asked Sasuke as the seatbelt sign went off.
I nodded, unbuckling myself and getting ready to stand.
“Wait.” Sasuke tugged my sleeve, stopping me. “Let everyone else go first.”
I eyed Sasuke questioningly. He was keeping his head down as though he didn’t want to be seen, while the other passengers collected their belongings from the lockers above our heads. We stayed in our seats until the last of the passengers cleared out. 
Since we only had carry-on baggage, we strolled past the collection belt without stopping. Reaching the washrooms, Sasuke handed me a scribbled sequence of letters and numbers. “This is the plate number of our ride. Get on first. I’ll be right back.” He nodded to the gents.
“We should go to the washroom too,” Chaste said to me.
“I’ll be some time, so wait for me in the car. And don’t worry, the ride I chartered is very safe,” Sasuke told us hurriedly before disappearing into the gents.
“Is Sasuke having a stomach-ache?” asked Chaste, concern twisting her expression.
Pursing my lips, I shrugged. “He should be fine. He didn’t look like he was in pain.”
After our visit to the washroom, Chaste and I went outside to look for our ride. As we searched around, a scrawny, middle-aged man standing next to a beige six-seater Honda with tinted glass windows waved us over. Greeting us ceremoniously as we neared, he spoke a string of fluent Japanese—the only word I caught was Sasuke’s name. 
I checked his plate number, and it matched the one on Sasuke’s note, so we got into the car. We waited in the car for about ten minutes, getting a little jumpy whenever we looked at the chauffeur. Despite his seamless politeness, he had a pretty intimidating face. 
Only when Sasuke showed up from a corner around the exit of the arrival hall and slipped into the front passenger seat then did we start breathing normally. With a wide smile, he said a greeting in Japanese to the chauffeur. Mr. Chauffeur said something Japanese back, patting Sasuke on his shoulder, and they both laughed. It was easy to tell they knew each other. 
“Why didn’t you come out the main exit?” I asked Sasuke as he buckled his seatbelt. 
“Oh…” Sasuke took a long time to answer, though I had no idea what was so hard about the question. “The side exit is a shortcut.” He turned to Mr. Chauffeur and said something—again, in Japanese. 
Mr. Chauffeur smiled and nodded while the car engine growled to a start.
“Are you all right?” I asked Sasuke as the Honda started rolling along the side lane, and then into the main road. “Did your stomach hurt just now? You took a while in the washroom.”
“Yep,” he said, “but I’m good now.”
Less than five minutes into the ride, Chaste leaned to the side and said, “Please wake me when we get there. Jetlag.”
The time in Tokyo was 7.05 AM, and the sun had already risen. Sasuke gave me a brief introduction to the city as we drove, while I watched the Japanese people curiously. 
Tokyo was densely landscaped with modern, westernised architectures and city streets packed with people. Despite it being a Saturday morning, men and women in suits were going to work, and students in uniforms and schoolbags were heading to school for extra lessons or club activities. There were also all sorts of people in trendy everyday clothes just going about their lives. 
Overall, there wasn’t much of a difference between Tokyo and Singapore, except that someone with a facemask could easily be spotted every now and then. Sasuke’s explained that in Japan, a sick person would always wear a facemask—even if it was only a minor cold—because not doing so was considered very rude and inconsiderate.
We arrived at the hotel close to two hours later. Just before the automatic doors of our Honda snapped open, Sasuke quickly put on a face mask. I wanted to ask him if he’d fallen sick, but didn’t have the chance to. When we stepped out, several door greeters welcomed and directed us inside systematically but cordially. 
While Sasuke checked in and collected the hotel key cards, Chaste and I waited in the main lobby. It only took a few minutes, then an attendant offered to take us to our rooms, but Sasuke swiftly declined, thanked him, and led us off by himself.
“You seem familiar with the hotel,” I said as we entered an empty lift.
“Kind of. I’ve been here a couple of times already,” he told us, pressing the button to the fourteenth floor.
We came to the floor in a minute or two, and, after walking some distance along the hallway, he stopped before one of the rooms and flashed a keycard in front of a scanner machine under the door handle. When a green light came on, he turned the handle and held the door open for us. We stepped in as he inserted the key card into a cardholder on the wall adjacent to the door, switching on the lights and air-conditioners. It was only when the lights came on that Chaste and I realised the three of us would be sharing a room. I looked at Chaste, and she looked back at me, equally surprised.
“How’s the room?” asked Sasuke as he dumped his bag and switched the television on.
“There are three beds,” I noted as he kicked off his sneakers and sat down cross-legged on the bed in the middle—the one directly facing the television set.
“Yes, there are three beds because there are three of us,” he told us calmly as he took off his cap, shades, and mask. 
When we said nothing and continued to stare at him, he sighed. “One room is about thirty thousand Yen a night—roughly four hundred Singapore dollars—so please bear with it for one night,” he said. “All right?”
I gave in. “We’ll make do with what we have. Spending another four hundred dollars for one night is too wasteful.”
“Precisely,” Sasuke agreed immediately then turned back to the television and changed the channel.
I made Chaste choose her bed, and she chose the one next to the wall so I went over to the remaining bed on the other side of Sasuke, dropping my backpack near the window.
“It’s weird to say this in the morning but goodnight,” said Chaste, pulling the sheets over herself. Jetlag had to be hitting her hard. “I’m going to bed. I always get jetlag.”
Sasuke turned to her. “Am I disturbing you?” 
“It’s all right. I can sleep through a thunderstorm now,” she murmured under the sheets. “Goodnight.”
Even so, Sasuke turned the volume of the television down and dimmed the brightness of the bedside lamps. As he removed his jacket, folding it neatly before placing it on the bedside table, he asked me quietly, “Are you turning in too, Averie?” 
“Nope. I rested enough on the plane.” I opened the floral-embroidered curtain just enough to peer out the window and find a dome-shaped landmark—presumably Tokyo Dome—and a theme park right next to our hotel. “I only sleep three hours a night.”
“You can last through the day with that little sleep?” He sounded curious.
“Yeah,” I said with a casual smile. “I’m a freak. I’ve been living on three hours of sleep for as long as I can remember.” I paused at the memories of the previous nights. “But recently—I have no idea why—I’m barely getting two hours.”
“Guess what?” he said, a bright glint in his eyes. “You’re not alone, because the same goes for me. In my family, only my dad sleeps eight hours a night. And these days, my need for food and sleep has shrunk. That happened right after the possession, so I’m guessing it has something to do with becoming a host.”
Now that he mentioned it, it really seemed like it was the possession that had altered our lifestyle. I’d started eating and sleeping less since my second day at Black Gold.
“How about your family?” he asked suddenly. “You have any siblings?”
“I’m an only child. It’s just my dad and me. My mum left when I was eleven, and you saw how my dad is the first time we met.” 
“Oh.” Blatant regret washed over his features. Clearly, he was uncomfortable about bringing up such a sensitive issue. “I’m sorry to hear that.”
I laughed, hoping to clear the awkwardness in the room. “Don’t worry about it. I’ve gotten used to it.”
He stared at me, pinning me with an unreadable gaze. “Don’t lie to yourself, Averie. I know you haven’t. You’re always smiling, but you’re not actually smiling.” My eyes stretched wide while the rest of me went rigid. “How are you supposed to get used to that? It isn’t possible.”
I gaped at him. No one had ever spoken to me about this issue so frankly—too frankly, in fact. It really hurt. All this time, I’d convinced myself, and everyone else, that I was fine, that I was strong enough to handle all the crap hurled my way. But now that belief crumbled, unleashing the true emotions I’d suppressed for so long.
The truth was that I was hurting. The truth was that I wasn’t fine. The truth was that I missed my mum—I missed her so freaking bad—and the hollow feeling in me was swallowing me up day by day.
“You probably don’t realise it, but you always look so strained. Don’t keep everything to your—”
 “Don’t talk like you know me,” I snapped. Yes, I was hurting, but I didn’t want to have to admit that. Admitting it would only make the pain more real. “You come from a perfectly normal family, so what do you know? I don’t need sympathy from anyone.”
“I’m not sympathising with you,” he said, his voice low and measured. “I just don’t want you burrowing into the mess your parents left behind. That’s their problem. You need to live your life. Find what you love. There’s so much you can do with life. Don’t waste it.”
“It’s not that I don’t want to live my life! It’s more like I can’t! The only thing I can bring myself to be concerned about is finding out why my mum left without an explanation. Why Gabriel’s my father. What’s the role of the father I’ve known all my life?” I caught a sharp breath. “It’s not only their problem, because it affects me. I need to get all that figured out before I can even try to live my life!” Riled up, I’d divulged so much more than I’d intended, it startled even myself. 
Sasuke averted his eyes, studying the floor as I finished with a nervous look on his face.
Damn... 
I pressed my mouth tightly into a thin line. Why the hell had I snapped at him? He’d meant well. The uncomfortable silence stretched between us, and for a long, stressful moment, even the air stayed still. When I could no longer take the silence, I stole a glance at Sasuke. 
He was still staring down at the floor uneasily. 
Well done. I kicked myself inwardly. Now, just what do I do?
“I’m sorry,” said Sasuke suddenly, taking me by surprise. “You’re right. I don’t know anything about you. I shouldn’t have said so much. Sorry.”
I snapped the curtain back into place and went to sit on my bed, careful not to meet Sasuke’s gaze. “I’m sorry, too,” I murmured, embarrassed by my outburst. “I overreacted. I know you meant well. Thanks for being concerned about me.”
“Still friends?” he asked in a small voice, the way kids patch their friendship up after a fight.
I let out a little laugh; Sasuke could be totally adorable at times. “Of course,” I said, and the tension between us disappeared. 
“By the way, you really should tidy up your room. It was a complete mess. Your future boyfriend would be alarmed if he saw the state it was in the other day.”
“It wasn’t just that day. That’s it’s natural state. I keep it that way since I haven’t got a mum around to nag at me.”
Out the corner of my eye, I saw him glancing sideways at me and, I didn’t know why, but I turned rigid again. 
“Do you like it that way?”
My face darkened. He’d hit another weak spot because, to tell the truth, I didn’t like it...not at all. 
“Anyway, I don’t plan to ever get attached,” I said, avoiding the last question.
“Don’t say that too loudly too soon. You might fall in love when you least expect it.”
“Don’t have to worry about that,” I assured him. “My rationality forbids me to fall in love. Being in a relationship is too problematic and capricious. I bet nine out of ten couples fall out with each other at one point, so why bother?”
“Well, there’s still a chance of working a relationship out—”
“It’s too risky,” I interrupted, wondering why we’d been on this topic for so long.
“Just because your parents—”
I whipped around, cutting him a firm look to warn him about broaching that subject again.
He sagged in defeat. “Okay, fine, forget it.”
A commercial for a Japanese television programme featuring live performances of the top five music singles in the country every week—or so I guessed—came on and we watched it wordlessly. I didn’t known any Japanese pop, only Korean—I wasn’t into it, but the Korean craze was all over Singapore so I would’ve had to be really oblivious if I never noticed it.
As the hosts introduced the first artist on the list for the upcoming episode, Sasuke sat up straighter. He was totally engrossed in the commercial, so I looked closer at the boy band on the screen, trying to get a hint of what was interesting him.
There were four members in this Japanese band and, unlike most Korean boy groups I’d seen, none of them looked like a male model—they did all have lovable faces though. A representative from the band spoke while the rest of them put on their best smiles for the camera, and, after a short speech, a music video played.
The video first highlighted the boys individually—clad in only Bermuda shorts and singing, dancing, and enjoying themselves in an awesome-looking water park in Japan. It was an exuberant tune, and, to someone like me who didn’t really notice music, I was surprised to discover I was enjoying the song. Seconds into the clip, the setting changed to a quaint, Hawaiian-styled holiday resort, and the band—still all smiles and laughter—was playing in a heavy downpour. After a moment, I realised there was another boy...two guitarists, a bassist, a drummer and a person on the keyboard. 
When they cut to a close-up of the drummer, my mouth dropped open. He totally resembled someone I knew—someone I’d been spending a lot of time with recently.
I turned to Sasuke and gawked. Were my eyes playing tricks on me?
“Don’t look at me like that,” he said in amusement, keeping his eyes on the television. “I’m the drummer in a band called FINE GUYS.”
“FINE GUYS…” I said, and suddenly, what he’d said before started to make sense. The girls who’d cried for him were his fangirls. Well, of course that was the case; someone as nice as Sasuke wouldn’t make girls cry. He was a pop star, and that made everything click into place. It explained why he’d been obsessed with shielding his face. And the toilet trip...that was an excuse to avoid Narita’s main entrance, which was flooded with Japanese people—people who would recognise him. There was also the chartered car with the privacy windows.
“I was supposed to be promoting our newest single, but the possession ruined everything when I had to take a break just one week before the release.” No wonder he always seemed so eager to return to Tokyo.
The clip was now showing the five FINE GUYS side by side in a line. Sasuke stood out as he was easily the tallest in the band. The boy in the middle sang solo while the rest of them did a dance routine, but then the clip was cut off as the commercial introduced the second band on the list.
“Since you aren’t sleeping, want to go somewhere fun with me?” asked Sasuke suddenly. “It’s quite far away, but that doesn’t really matter anymore, does it? And Chaste should be safe in the hotel since Lucifer can’t have seen this exact room, right?”
I was a little apprehensive about leaving Chaste alone, but something goaded me into agreeing with Sasuke’s suggestion, so I nodded. “Okay, but where are we going?”
“You’ll see,” he said, grinning secretively as he stood up. 
I followed suit. “Wait,” I said, walking over to Chaste’s bed. “We should leave a note in case she wakes up.”
Sasuke agreed. “Tell her not to leave the room before we get back.”
After we’d placed a note on the bedside table next to Chaste, we went to hide ourselves in the bathroom before zapping off. Sasuke’s cellphone beeped as he was sliding the door closed, so he pulled it out of his jeans pocket. His face fell as he read the message on his black iPhone 5.
“Is anything the matter?” I asked.
“It’s just my bandmates.” He smiled, but I could see sadness in his eyes. “They apologised for having to go on a big show without me.”
“Oh...” I said, my voice thick and throaty. “It’s a real pity.” I knew I shouldn’t react like that and possibly make Sasuke feel worse, but there was nothing I could do about it—I kind of sucked at concealing emotions.
“Don’t make that face.” He laughed. “I’m fine. Really.” He offered me a candid grin then returned to type his reply. “Hold on for a minute. I have to tell them there’s nothing to feel bad about—wait, I should just tell them to do the best performance ever in compensation.” The sad smile was still on his face as he typed. “It’s probably more convincing that way.” 
Watching him, I found an awestruck smile taking shape on my face. He was always so kind, so mindful of the feelings of others—even when he was feeling down. Incredibly thoughtful people like him and Asa...I couldn’t help but want to keep them near. Look after them. 
A minute later, we landed under the shade of a large, coniferous tree in a forest near a secluded clearing. 
“Where are we?” I asked Sasuke, panicking a little. Could it be that he’d messed up, zapping us to some unknown location? But that shouldn’t be the case; Sir Albion had told us that we could only go to places we could clearly visualise.
Sasuke smiled then urged me forward. After a short walk across the clearing, a long stone trail in what seemed like a countryside area opened ahead. Spaced roughly two arm-lengths apart, trees with blossoms in a divine shade of pink lined both sides of the trail. I paused and gaped. These had to be the famous cherry blossoms. All around me was the mild, sweet scent of pollen...so pleasant...so healing... 
With the abundance of picturesque pinkness hanging above me, I couldn’t help but bow in awe to Mother Nature. The vast beauty of the land before me was more than just breathtaking. 
In complete serenity, we strolled along the trail for a couple more minutes before a few fenced patches of meadow and a large ranch with long rows of stables came into view. This place looked like a horse-riding clubhouse, which seemed likely as Sasuke had told me once that he really enjoyed sports, especially riding.
As we got closer, my assumption was confirmed when I read the sign—Okamoto Riding Club Japan. I stuck close to Sasuke as we approached the service counter. We didn’t have to queue since there were hardly any people in the reception area.
The elder lady in a blue jacket manning the counter greeted us earnestly in a stream of Japanese then had an animated conversation with Sasuke. Judging by the way they were talking, it seemed she knew him. At one point, Sasuke reached for his wallet, fished out a membership card, and handed it over the counter. 
When the admin job was done and his card returned, Sasuke thanked the counter lady then turned to me. “I’ll show you what I do nearly every fortnight.”
He led the way, and before long, we came to the indoor stables. Inside, he picked up his pace and loped toward one particular stall that housed a chestnut brown mare with white socks, a white spot on its head, and a dark mane.
“Susumi,” he called affectionately, patting the beautiful mare’s head. “Averie, come meet my lady, Susumi. She’s a sweetheart, isn’t she?”
“Yeah, she is,” I said admiringly.
“Want to try riding her?” he asked as he led Susumi out of her stable. “She’s really lovely to ride on.”
I couldn’t believe I was about to ride a horse. I’d seen people riding on television, but I’d never imagined myself on horseback. “Can I?” 
“Of course, but you’ll have to put on some riding gear first.” He flashed a smile at me then moved his gaze to something behind me and smiled again. “Hey,” he said in a genial voice, waving a hand enthusiastically as though greeting a friend. 
I looked over my shoulder as a twenty-plus man in the same blue uniform as the lady at the counter stepped up behind me, surprising me. How had someone come snuck up on me like that? I hadn’t heard a sound. The man passed us each a set of helmet and boots, and Sasuke went on to chat with him until the man took his leave—very politely. They bowed at ninety degrees to each other and exchanged arigatos. Thankyous. 
After I’d put on my helmet and boots, Sasuke lowered the stirrup on the left side and showed me the right way to mount a horse. When I finally managed to swing myself up, Sasuke gripped the lead rope tightly then adjusted the left stirrup back to its original position.
“Ready?” he asked with a gleaming smile.
“Yes,” I said excitedly, and Sasuke led Susumi out of the stable and into an indoor field. 
“To make a horse move, give it a light squeeze with your calves. To make it stop, sit back in the saddle and pull backward on the reins.” He explained more about horse riding as he took me around the field—with Susumi plodding on slowly. “It may sound simple, but it takes lots of practice to control and ride a horse well.”
“Do you ride well?” I asked, though the answer was kind of obvious.
“I’d like to think I do. I’ve been doing it for a couple of years already so if I still suck, I must be really untalented.”
“No,” I found myself saying so sharply, Sasuke glanced up. “You’re so much more talented than me, it’s scary. There are so many things you enjoy and look forward to. You’re living your life to the fullest. It’s impressive.” 
And I was still bothered by nothing but the mess my parents left. I had absolutely no clue what I wanted for myself in life, and it was so pathetic. What was I living for? 
I really didn’t know.
“I’m sure you’ll be doing the same one day,” he said to me kindly. “Should we head back?”
I nodded, feeling a little guilty that I’d let Chaste slip my mind entirely, and Sasuke helped me dismount safely. After walking Susumi back to her stall, we returned our helmets and boots to one of the staff before slipping back into the secluded forest.
“If she asks,” said Sasuke before we moved on, “the story is that we went downstairs to grab a bite.” 
I nodded, and he zapped us behind a large, dense shrub against the wall of an isolated place. I was about to ask where we were when I looked up and saw our hotel. 
When we got to the door of our room, Sasuke used the key card then slowly eased the door open. 
Phew. 
The coast was clear so we hurried inside quietly. Chaste was still asleep, and I sighed with relief. I hated to lie to a friend, but I couldn’t tell the truth either. Chaste knew nothing about spiritual ability or teleportation, or any of the other insane things we’d been told about Heaven, archangels, Lucifer, and nephilims. And, although what we’d been doing was nothing to be ashamed of, I still didn’t want to mention it to anyone. People might get the wrong idea about Sasuke and me…
I frowned. Why was I worrying about all this anyway? Chaste wasn’t even awake to begin with.
* * * *
It was 12.10 on a beautiful Saturday afternoon in the Bunkyo ward of Tokyo city. Chaste and I were standing in line for the show at 1PM, in the midst of an insanely overexcited crowd, who shouted and sang in a babble of languages. Sasuke would be waiting in a cafe outside the dome since there were only two tickets to see— 
Oh, right. 
I didn’t have a clue whose concert we were going to. 
I turned to Chaste. “Who are we watching, anyway?” I had to shout to be heard. “This—” I made a sweeping gesture around the area. “—is crazy!”
“Atward Savant,” she shouted back.
“What?” He was the guy in Chaste’s dreams? I slapped a palm to my forehead. Now I understood what people meant when they said it was a small world. 
“Atward Savant,” she repeated, louder this time. 
I gave a slight nod in acknowledgement, not bothering to tell her in this din that my last word wasn’t really a question but an exclamation. 
This is Atward’s show... 
My interest in the concert piqued.
Though things seemed chaotic, it appeared the concert organizers were actually very efficient. Within fifteen minutes we’d reached the front of the line, had our tickets inspected, and been ushered to our seats—which were neither bad nor good. We had an unobstructed view of the stage, but we were pretty far away from it.
Since I didn’t have roaming, Sasuke had given me his extra iPhone in case of emergencies, and I pulled it out to check the time. Only a few more minutes before the show started. 
Fans inside the dome were even more excited than those outside. People were screaming, laughing, making jokes, and basically high. This was the second time I’d seen such a sight; the first time was when I was still a kid. Together with all my schoolmates in primary five, I’d attended the annual National Day Parade. That happened many years back, but I’d never forget it because the following morning, I’d woken to the sight of my devastated father scrambled on the kitchen floor, crumpling the note my mother had left. From then on, my life had gone on a rollercoaster ride and was eventually toppled upside-down completely. 
With a prelude, the concert started punctually at one o’clock, and it was undeniable that Atward’s band and orchestra—of thirty or so professional performers and one conductor who was the only person in the orchestra who was in a smart, white hooded outfit among the sea of cool, black ones—was fantastic.  
According to Chaste, this was Atward’s first visit to Japan. Even though it didn’t look like it was; the dome was brimmed to its full capacity with over fifty-five thousand eager fans whose fervent support was mind-blowing. I hadn’t known Atward was so popular. In fact, I hadn’t even heard of an artist called Atward Savant; I must have been living at the bottom of a well all this while. 
When the music started intensifying, the anticipation in the dome reflected it, climbing equally as briskly. Everyone was eagerly awaiting Atward’s appearance when Chaste suddenly clasped her stomach.
I put a hand on her back. “Chaste, are you all right?” I asked worriedly.
“That’s him,” she breathed shakily. 
“Huh? Who? Where?” 
“I need to see his face,” she continued dazedly, not answering me. “I need to confirm he isn’t just a dream. I’m not crazy, am I, Averie?”
“Do you like him?’’ I asked cautiously. “That guy in your dreams…you sounded like you do.”
In a voice so soft, I almost missed what she was saying, Chaste murmured, “I think so...” 
“Then you definitely are crazy.” I let out a frustrated sigh. I was beginning to feel we’d been too rash. I should’ve gotten to the bottom of the matter before I risked crossing borders with Chaste. What if we ran into Lucifer and his mob? I quivered. I didn’t even want to imagine the consequences if Sasuke failed to zap us back in time... “How can you like someone who’s only appeared in your dreams? How can you like someone you haven’t even met?”
Chaste fell silent. Seconds later, a countdown began on the giant screen and fans counted along in loud, scratchy voices, “Ten! Nine! Eight!” 
I turned back to Chaste—lips tightly pressed and forehead deeply furrowed, she looked miserable—then looked away in frustration while the girl sitting in front of me screamed, “Oh my God. Oh my God! Oh my God!” 
“Seven! Six! Five!” 
“Oh my God!” The girl clutched her friend’s arms. 
Her equally enthusiastic friend yelled, “Yes! Yes! He’s coming! Oh my God!”  
“Four! Three! Two!” 
My eyes—along with every other pair in the dome—were trained intently on the magnificent stage, not wanting to miss the moment Atward appeared. 
“One!”
But no one showed up on stage. Instead, the elegant conductor dropped the hood of his brilliant white outfit and swivelled around to face the audience in one fluid motion, triggering electrified shrieks from agitated fans as they recognised him. The conductor was no one other than the unbelievably good-looking Atward Savant. 
All six feet of Atward looked every bit as suave, refined, and ethereal as the first time we’d met. The only difference was that his sleek gold hair was now cropped shorter, framing his extraordinarily fine features perfectly. Turning slightly to his left, Atward gazed into the audience and, even from this distance, it felt strangely as though he was looking at us. A member of the backstage staff handed him a microphone, cutting off his scrutiny.
“I knew it,” said Chaste. 
Glancing sideways at her, I sighed wearily. She looked thunderstruck at seeing the guy from her dreams. She’d probably seen this incredibly charming man on TV somewhere and started having infatuations like every other teenage girl. I only hoped she would get over it soon—she deserved so much more than an impossible, make-believe dream.
The orchestra began to play again, this time with a different conductor—probably the genuine one. In his velvet-smooth voice, Atward headed into the first verse of a light-hearted French tune that got all the fans waving along. 
The second song was the explosive one. It had to be one of his most popular tunes because the moment the DJ announced it, the fans started screaming non-stop. In this song—also in French, I thought—not only did he do the vocals, he also accompanied the orchestra on the piano. At the bridge of the song, he suddenly switched to an accordion instead, and I gawped in amazement. Who knew an accordion could sound like that? 
A short break followed as Atward interacted with his audience in all sorts of languages—he primarily spoke English, but he was apparently also fluent in French, and Japanese, and Chinese, and Dutch, amongst others. It was impossible not to be impressed—I hadn’t ever met someone quite that talented.
After the interaction, Atward retreated backstage while his DJ and dancers kept the audience entertained without him. By the time the third song—an exceptionally fast-paced English track—came on, the whole dome was blown away completely as the fervour in the arena hit a new high. 
The fourth song was dedicated to his late mother. Solemnly, he stood in the centre of the stage and sang every note without moving an inch. 
Then there was a fifth song, and a sixth, and a seventh…and I lost count. Just like that, two hours flew by without anybody realising it. Ultimately, Atward belted out an English-French operatic pop song that was his first single. A debut that had sent shockwaves across the music scene, a fan sitting on the other side of me was saying. 
The last song soon finished, a spectacular conclusion to the thrilling show, but there was a call for an encore. After a minute or so of avid shouting, all the lights went out except for a single spotlight in the centre of the dome that lit up…no one. Everyone was staring uncomprehendingly when it suddenly swivelled to the right wing of the audience pew. Atward reappeared, taking everyone by surprise. Passing the microphone deftly from his right hand to his left, he did one last song—a preview of the first single on his upcoming album—shaking as many hands as possible as he strolled along the aisles. 
Giving his thanks one final time when the encore was over, Atward headed backstage. The lights in the dome were switched to full brightness and an instrumental track of one of Atward’s songs started to play. It seemed the show was really over this time and the crowd started to slowly disperse.
“I’ve got to find him!” yelled Chaste to me as she darted off into the crowd. 
“Hey!” I exclaimed, running after her. “Wait—”
“Meet you back at the hotel!” 
“Damn!” I groaned out loud, drawing a few prying glances from concertgoers nearby. 
God, please. I couldn’t lose sight of her. If Chaste ever landed in Lucifer’s hands, I’d never be able to forgive myself. But the mass of people in the way...!
I stopped running. “Excuse me!” I yelled at the top of my voice, effectively getting the attention of everyone. They all turned to stare at me, bewildered looks on their faces, and I wasted no time shoving past them.
Despite my best effort, I quickly lost Chaste. With the huge amount of people jamming the aisles, it was almost impossible to see her, let alone catch up to her. 
Damn it. 
I should never have allowed this trip to happen! In hysteria, I whipped out Sasuke’s iPhone and hit number one on the quick dial he’d set beforehand. 
He picked up on the first ring. “Is everything all right?”
“No!” I shouted, way too loudly. 
“Where do I find you?”
“I’m near Gate—” I paused, short of breath; this was way more strenuous than training with Sir Albion. “—Twenty-One. Can you meet me there ASAP?”
“Got it.”
I covered the remaining distance as fast as I could, bumping into Sasuke when I arrived. Actually, I did see him—with shades, a cap, and a facemask on, he stood out, even in dark clothes—but I was going too fast to stop in time. 
“Where’s Chaste?” he asked worriedly, catching me by the arms to steady me before swivelling me around such that our positions were switched and he was now facing the wall while my back was pressing against it.
I drew in a quick breath then explained as concisely as I could. “I didn’t expect her to go running off by herself!” Still short of air, I looked down at my sneakers and bit my lip in frustration. “She said she’s going to look for Atward, so I think she’s headed for back—” My eyes snapped up to meet Sasuke’s when I remembered that he was a performer. “Hey! Any idea how to sneak backstage?”
He blinked then grabbed my hand, making me jump. “Come with me.” Shuffling through the place in an experienced manner, he hauled me to a stairwell that read Emergency Only. Without anyone noticing, we slipped into the deserted stairwell. “Ready?”
I nodded, and off we went. 
We materialised in an empty room about the size of a classroom in Black Gold. 
“Should we split up to look for Chaste?” I asked hastily.
“No,” objected Sasuke almost as soon as I’d finished. “What if you run into danger? You wouldn’t be able to save yourself.”
That was true. Embarrassingly.
“Let’s go.” Sasuke still had my hand and tugged me out of the room with him.
I shouldn’t have been bothered by something as trivial as holding hands with Sasuke at this critical moment, but I couldn’t help noticing how it felt. I’d hardly even spoken to boys before coming to Black Gold.
“Where are we going?” I asked, breathing hard—and trying hard to pay no attention to our connected hands.
“If we can find Atward’s dressing room, we can tell him about our situation and hope he can get more people to find Chaste. It’s probably our best bet. Definitely better than blindly looking for her in this gigantic dome. Anyway, she’s probably heading for the same place, so we might even bump into her there.”
Good thinking.
“I know this place. There are a couple of dressing rooms for the performers, so we’ll have to look through them one by one.” He towed me along as he manoeuvred through the confusing maze of corridors and rooms, and it was outright blatant everyone we passed had their eyes on us, most likely wondering what we were up to, running in the corridor like there was no tomorrow. 
“Sasuke.” I smiled my hardest at the people staring at us, as a last-minute attempt to look less out-of-place. “You already look suspicious since you apparently dressed for a secret mission.” I paused, panting heavily. “So can we stop running? Look at all the attention we’re getting. What if we’re noticed by Security?”
 “My job doesn’t allow me to have an upfront romance. If I’m photographed with a girl in a suggestive manner, I’ll get into trouble. The paparazzi won’t be able to get a clear shot of my face if it’s covered—”
“But we’re not in a romance!” I said breathily, cutting him short. “They can’t just make up untrue stories, can they? And anyway, we can always stop holding hands.” 
Realisation dawned upon his face, and he dropped my hand swiftly. 
An involuntary surge of disappointment swept through me.
Wait. 
What was that about? It couldn’t be that I liked him. Could it? I was the last person on the planet who would want to fall in love.
“By the way,” he said without looking at me, “I’m going very slowly to match your pace, so I suggest we stop the talking and focus entirely on the running.”
Slowly? 
I scowled, offended. He had much longer legs—of course he didn’t need to work as hard.
“And don’t worry, I won’t allow Security to catch up with us before we find Chaste— There it is!” He pointed at something in front of us and, following his line of sight, I saw Atward’s name just ahead of us—on a sign next to the door of a dressing room.
Sasuke actually remembered basic courtesy despite our dire situation, rapping twice on the door before barging in. 
Inside, several people near the door stared at us questioningly. A thirty-plus man in a casual dark blue suit stepped forward. “Sorry, but who are you kids?” he asked, his loud, clear voice immediately directing everyone’s attention to us.
“Er…” uttered Sasuke as my gaze swept through the room and realised Atward was nowhere to be seen. “May I know where is Atward Savant? We need to speak to him.”
“I don’t know how you kids managed to get in here, but I’m afraid I’ll have to call Security to escort you out,” said the man. “Frankie, go get Security.” 
“No—wait!” I exclaimed.
“Hold on,” said Sasuke calmly while I panicked. “We’re friends with Atward. If you don’t believe me, ask him. We’ll—”
“It’s okay, leave them to me,” snarled a deep voice behind us, and I stiffened. It was a commanding voice we were all too familiar with, and the last voice I wanted to hear right now. 
“Shit,” I muttered while Sasuke cursed in Japanese under his breath. Seriously, what on earth was the old man doing here? And how were we going to explain ourselves?
We exchanged grimaces then Sasuke and I spun around to find Sir Albion striding toward us, his expression stark and scary. Sweat formed on my forehead; we were totally unprepared to run into him here. We had planned to somehow make up a lie to feed the old man when we got back, but we hadn’t really given it any thought yet.
Caught off balance, it took me a while to realise that two more people I knew stood behind the old man—Atward and Chaste. Actually, Chaste wasn’t really standing but lying in Atward’s arms.
“What happened to her?” I asked, rushing over to have a closer look at my friend. “Oh my gosh, is she all right?” 
Thank goodness. She was still breathing.
“Where did you find her?” asked Sasuke.
“She’ll be fine in while, and we’ll talk about everything else later.” Atward gave us a reassuring smile—looking every bit as angelic and mesmerising as ever—before turning to address his crew. “First of all—” He closed his eyes and took a long breath before opening them again. “—I’d like to say a humongous thank you to all hundred and nine of you in this room for the wonderful performance we’d put together for tonight and for all the other forty-nine shows in this Asia tour.” Filling the room was a same, unspoken emotion among the crew. Their unwillingness to let the end of the tour sink in was so clear, even an outsider like me could tell. Proud smiles and teary eyes making up most of their faces, the heartfelt gratitude lining every tone of Atward’s voice had definitely gotten to everyone. Atward then gave a bow. “I’m thankful of every effort put in to make this tour a success, and, as a small token of appreciation, a reservation at the best sushi bar in Tokyo city has been made by the best manager in the—”
“There’s no need to thank me,” interjected the man in the dark blue suit blithely. “The bill is entirely on Atward, so go ahead and enjoy yourselves. Don’t hold back.”
Everyone laughed, including Atward. His voice was like silk, entirely smooth and exquisite. “He’s right,” he said, his eyes shining like diamonds. “Just make sure everyone has a good time.”
“Why does it sound like you aren’t coming? It’s the after-party for the successful finale of your Asia tour we’re talking about here,” a member of Atward’s performing crew pointed out sourly, clearly disappointed.
“You guys go ahead, and I’ll join you shortly. I just need some time to catch up with my younger friends.” Atward nodded in our direction then gave his crew another appreciative bow. “I can’t say this enough so, once again, thank you all so much.” 
Applauses burst through the room as Atward’s crew cheered and saluted him.
Chapter 8
Archangel Israfel

Straight after Atward’s speech, Sir Albion whisked us out of the backstage area then stowed us in a shiny, black limousine parked in an isolated parking space. I was dazzled by the display of wealth, and even Sasuke seemed impressed.
I scowled, recalling what Sasuke had told me about Sir Albion. “So much for living humbly for the rest of his life...” 
As soon as Sasuke and I were inside, Sir Albion and Atward—still carrying an unconscious Chaste—slid into the vehicle and sat opposite us. With this seating arrangement, it was almost funny, except that I wasn’t in the mood to laugh; it was like Sasuke and I were guilty suspects under close watch. 
The ride was very quiet and—thankfully—very short. Before our seats were even warmed, the limo was pulling into Tokyo Dome Hotel’s driveway, which was entirely clogged by Atward’s fans. It actually took the chauffeur a good couple of minutes to move from the start of the driveway to the entrance of the hotel. 
Before we exited, Sir Albion took over the job of carrying Chaste from Atward. Sasuke offered to help, but Atward declined it flatly. “Never allow any room for unfriendly paparazzi to write defamatory stories about you, Sasuke. You’ve been in this industry for a couple of years already, haven’t you? You should have known—one careless move and your career, your dreams, could all be jeopardised,” he chided, a little too ruthlessly. After all, Sasuke was just being the nice person he’d always been.
“Do you have to make him sound like an amateur?” I couldn’t stop myself from defending my friend. Honestly, I hadn’t known being a star would have so many restrictions. Like everyone else, I’d always thought they lived a glamorous lifestyle and got to do whatever they wanted, but apparently I was wrong. Moral of the story: don’t be too quick to judge. “He’s only trying to help, and I’m sure he knows his place in the industry he’s in.”
Atward’s eyes grew wide. He was apparently floored by my outburst, momentarily at a loss for words. When he spoke again, he stammered awkwardly, “Sorry—I don’t know what’s gotten into me—”
“It’s all right,” said Sasuke, offering Atward a genuine, radiant smile as someone pulled the car door open from outside. 
Atward was first to get out, followed by Sir Albion and Chaste, and Sasuke and I clambered out last. Stepping out into the eyes of the public, Atward received a whole lot of attention immediately. Cameras and recorders from more than a dozen newspapers and TV stations were shooting him, while fans tried everything to get his attention. If I were him, I would have been irritated as hell, but Atward was gracious to every single one of them, signing as many autographs as he could along the path to the hotel. 
As we walked into the hotel lobby, I gave Sasuke a light prod on his arm, mouthing a how at him when he looked at me. I was hoping he knew what to say to Sir Albion later, and fortunately enough, he doled out a comforting smile. I took it to mean he’d take care of things. If only I knew what he had in mind...
Atward took us up in the elevator, obviously bringing us to a room. We went all the way to the top floor and walked in complete silence along the vacant corridor until we reached the end of it. Reaching into his breast pocket, Atward produced a key card. He then used it on the last room, and the door swung open to reveal a suite where everything inside was extremely classy and lavish, fit even for a king. They called this living humbly? Seriously?
I didn’t voice my opinion though, because the moment we were inside, Sir Albion set his mouth into a hard line and aimed his accusative gaze at us, clearly waiting for us to explain ourselves. Atward gave Sasuke and me a sympathetic glance as he strolled over to one of the elegant suede couches near the window and laid Chaste on the soft, white cushions.
“Chaste wanted to go to Atward’s concert in Tokyo Dome, so we escorted her here,” Sasuke explained briefly—and a tad too truthfully. 
Had I known Sasuke’s plan was simply telling the truth, I would have stopped him. Sir Albion wouldn’t buy it. Some people don’t listen to anyone else’s side of the story, but decide everything on their own, and Sir Albion was—no doubt—one of those people.
“I can’t believe the both of you, exposing yourselves to danger despite my umpteen warnings,” snapped Sir Albion, staring at us incredulously. “I don’t even know why you’re still alive and standing.”
“I can get everyone back to Singapore if Lucifer showed himself,” Sasuke fired back defensively. “You don’t understand, but I needed to see for myself how things were going in Tokyo.”
Sir Albion opened his mouth, but Atward put a hand on his shoulder.
“Averie, Sasuke, sit down,” said Atward in his gentle voice.
Tired of standing, I accepted the offer at once and plopped down onto the double couch next to the long one Chaste was lying on. A while later, Sasuke did the same. There was then some unspoken interaction between Atward and Sir Albion as they exchanged brief glances then, without another word, Sir Albion walked into one of the bedrooms and shut the door behind him.
Wow. 
It was amazing how Atward worked like magic on the difficult old man.
Resting his hands on his waist, Atward breathed deeply and turned his attention to us, an affable look in his otherworldly eyes. “Shall we begin with a story?”
“Not another story,” I groaned. Atward arched an eyebrow, so I explained. “Archangels, astrological spirits, superhuman ability...everything. There’s too much to know and understand.”
Atward let out a small laugh that had a lovely ring to it as he settled down onto an armchair in front of us with a light grace. “Don’t get too stressed out. I’m sure it isn’t that hard.” He held a hand out to me as though we were meeting for the first time. “Sorry to only introduce myself properly now, I’m the Archangel Israfel—”
My jaw dropped in disbelief. 


Chapter 9
The Story Behind

“—in another life.”
I held a hand up to Atward’s face, stopping him. “Don’t be ridiculous, please.”
Atward cocked his head to the side, seemingly amused instead of annoyed by my interruption. “Why don’t you listen first, Averie?” 
“No,” I said shortly. “I have enough bullshit to handle as it is. I certainly don’t need to add to the load.” 
“It’s my life we’re talking about, so not to worry. That won’t be an issue,” said Atward with a subtle smile. “Besides, don’t you want to know why you’re here?” 
I pursed my lips and eyed Atward closely. “Okay, tell your story then,” I said after a moment of reconsideration. He gave off a feeling that he only meant good.
Knotting his fingers together, Atward leaned forward and rested his arms on his knees. “Sir Albion told you about the archangels’ fall out, didn’t he?”
“Yes,” I said.
“Did he tell you what led to that regrettable mistake?”
“No, he didn’t,” I said, rather tired of this same old topic. 
“I wasn’t involved, for the most part. Gabriel—” I perked up at the mention of my father. “—was pretty much uninvolved as well. Our eldest brother, Michael, was always the one who took care of things. Unlike our Father and the rest of the spiritual beings in Heaven, our other brother, Lucifer, had never taken a liking to humans. He found their existence inferior and overvalued.” He paused and took a deep breath. “For a long time, there were arguments and conflicts between Michael and Lucifer. The tension between them intensified until one day—the day Lucifer finally snapped—he led his troops to cause mayhem in Heaven. Officially declaring his intention to take over Heaven and Earth, Lucifer took Michael on in a tragic battle. What he didn’t expect was that Michael was prepared for upheaval. You see, Michael had a trump card in his hands—his mortal son, who is in fact, Sir Albion Savant. As a nephilim, Sir Albion has a much sturdier physical body than Lucifer—”
“How come I don’t have a sturdy body like Sir Albion?” I asked. I got injured like every other human being, even though my wounds healed fairly quickly. Perhaps Sir Albion was mistaken, and I wasn’t a nephilim after all? 
That would be ideal.
“You do have a sturdy body. What I mean by sturdy is…unless it’s a direct hit to your head or your heart, it’s hard for you to die because you recover fast.” 
“Oh,” I muttered in unconcealed disappointment.
“Shall I continue? Or do you have other questions?” asked Atward politely, his humble attitude completely the opposite of his grandfather’s condescension.
I nodded.	
“Lucifer recovers fast, but Sir Albion recovers faster, and that was the vital key to Michael’s victory. As punishment for the rebellion, Michael intended to banish Lucifer to Earth, reincarnated as a human. He severed one of Lucifer’s wings—to become mortal, an angel has to lose both wings—but Lucifer managed to flee Heaven, despite being critically wounded. He fell to Earth, and all in Heaven thought he was a lost cause. Knowing Lucifer, he would rather perish than be reborn as a human.” There was a tinge of sadness in Atward’s voice. 
It occurred to me that he hadn’t wanted things to turn out the tragic way they did, so why hadn’t he prevented it in the first place? What was his role in that lame dispute? Yes, lame. Why fall out and even shed blood over such a trivial matter?
“Why didn’t you stop things from turning out the way they did?” I asked Atward.
“Well, that’s the regrettable part—I wasn’t around. Four years before the battle, I severed my own wings to be reborn as a human. This is my new life, my new identity as Atward Savant. It’s ironic to be reborn as a Savant, but I guess it’s necessary. I wasn’t able to keep things from falling apart the last time, but now, to make up for that, I’ll do everything I can to prevent bloodshed.”
There was one thing I didn’t understand. “You gave up your identity as an archangel to become mortal? Were you out of your mind? Why did you even want to be human?”
“I fell in love,” said Atward straightforwardly, his gaze transfixed by the carpet at his feet, “with a mortal girl. When I met her, my instincts told me she wasn’t ordinary, and I wanted to find out more about her. Unable to withhold my curiosity, I went up to her, and as time went by, we got close. She showed me so many wonderful things about life on Earth, I started envying humans.” He paused and glanced at Sasuke. All the time Atward was talking, Sasuke seemed to be in a daze, staring down blankly at his crossed fingers. I wondered if anything was wrong. “At that time, I was supposed to be running an errand on Earth. It was only a matter of time before I had to return to Heaven, and I didn’t want that. I didn’t want to be like Michael, having to leave his family for his duties, so I decided to give up my post.” Shutting his eyes, he let out a deep sigh before opening them again. “But in the time I was away to get things done, she passed on. I was devastated when I found out she was gone. I severed my wings and headed straight to Afterworld to look for her.”
 “My mum told me she grew up without knowing her parents,” said Sasuke in an undertone, his voice cold, his expression hard. “She’s never seen her father, and her mother died of disease when she was really young so she ended up in a children home until an old Japanese couple came along and adopted her.” He looked up from his hands to glare at Atward. “Why didn’t you know about my mum?” 
And suddenly, I remembered what Sir Albion has told us before—Sasuke’s mum was the child of Archangel Israfel.
“If I’d realised, she wouldn’t have been adopted, and she wouldn’t have moved to Japan, and she wouldn’t have met your father, and she definitely wouldn’t have had you.”
Anger blazing wild in his eyes, Sasuke opened his mouth to speak, but Atward went on before he did.
“There’s no point dwelling on the past,” began Atward softly, and a frown immediately swept across Sasuke’s features. “Your mum let it go. There’s no need for you to feel bitter for her.”
“What do you know?” spat Sasuke acidly. “You’ve never been around.” 
Still incredibly patient and gentle, Atward said, “I would never have left my child and went on to chase her mother after death had I known her existence. And I’m sure the way you interpret her purpose for telling you her story isn’t what she’s had in mind. She wouldn’t want your pity—”
“I know that!” snapped Sasuke, and I shifted on the couch we shared, startled. I’d never seen Sasuke so livid. “She wanted me to cherish everyone and everything I have in my life. Even if she hadn’t told me that, I would have figured it out by myself. I don’t need you to lecture me.” 
Atward sighed, looking defeated. “Believe it or not, this has me entirely wrenched inside. But what’s done is done. I might as well focus the present and put apologies into action rather than petty words.”
An uncomfortable silence snapped into place. I didn’t even dare to breathe. Atward kept his eyes on Sasuke fondly, but Sasuke refused to acknowledge any of it. He still looked really mad. It would probably take some time for things to sink in—it had to be strange to have a grandfather this young, all of a sudden.
Looking at his watch, Atward rose slowly from his chair. “I have to go. Sir Albion should be done with communicating with our pilot, and he’ll take over from here.” 
I grimaced at the thought of facing Sir Albion after the stunt we’d pulled, sighing heavily. We’d probably never hear the end of it. 
“We’ll all head back to Singapore first thing tomorrow morning.” Looking at Sasuke, Atward said, “For now.” He turned toward Chaste and, looking at her sleeping face as though trying to memorise every minute detail of it, he tenderly brushed wayward strands of black hair from her eyes. “Would you look after her for me?”
Sasuke and I stared at the unconscious girl in utter astonishment as Sir Albion rejoined us at the sitting room.
Beside me, Sasuke sat up straighter and stiffer. “Don’t tell me...” He sputtered to a halt. 
“Yes,” said Atward in a low voice, not taking his eyes off Chaste. “It’s exactly what you’re thinking.”
I leaned backward with a heavy intake of breath. My life was getting more and more far-fetched. My best friend in Black Gold had just turned out to be Archangel Israfel’s lover. “That’s right. You haven’t told us how you found her,” I said after a stunned moment.
“Silver blood runs in the bodies of the archangels. That divine blood is the reason their systems don’t need the basic necessities a human has to have to survive. Before I severed my second wing, I made an oath with the last drop of my divine blood, and somehow, my soul became intertwined with hers.” Atward gestured at Chaste’s sleeping form with his chin. “I could feel her whereabouts, which was how I knew she was in the dome. After the show, I met up with Sir Albion. Before we set out to find her, I made a quick shift back to the hotel to grab a mobile phone, and that was when she tumbled into this room with me, losing consciousness at once. It seems teleporting works for us—even if we aren’t touching—as long as we’re near each other.” 
With that explanation, Atward strode to the door and opened it. “If she wakes,” he said, swivelling around to face us again, “tell her not to fret. I’ll explain things to her when I get back.” He went out the door, leaving us with our beloved Sir Albion.
* * * *
As promised, first thing on Sunday morning, we flew back to Singapore, and I had the luxury of experiencing a flight in a private plane, thanks to the Savants. 
With hours to kill, there was plenty of time to observe Atward Savant close up. I felt a bit like a stalker, but could I really be blamed for that? This was an archangel I was talking about here—okay, a former archangel, but it was more or less the same, right? 
Now that I thought about it, something about him had always entranced me. Yes, he was exceptionally good-looking, but I wasn’t attracted to him—I hardly gave a damn about the opposite sex. It was previously inexplicable, the way he made me feel about him, but now everything was clear—he’d been an archangel.
Sasuke and I were in the back with Sir Albion, while Atward and Chaste sat together at the front of the cabin. I couldn’t hear what they were saying, but they looked perfectly comfortable with each other despite this being their first meeting in this lifetime. Somehow, I found myself envying them. I could actually see some hope of lifelong bliss with this couple. After all, they’d chased each other from another lifetime. Would something that wonderful ever happen to me—
I shook my head, breaking myself out of the fantasy. Not possible. Cold, concrete reality slapped me in the face as the shadow of my parents’ failed marriage crept up on me. Happy endings only happened to one in a thousand—probably a million—and that person couldn’t be me.
As much as I hated to admit it, my parents’ relationship was pretty much one-sided, with my father putting more effort into maintaining it. My mother had always been perfunctory around my father. She’d cleaned the house, whipped up meals, and cared for me with all her heart, but I’d never seen her do the same for my father. They’d never held hands or exchanged emotional embraces like other couples. Yes, she’d fulfilled all her duties as a wife physically but definitely not psychologically.
And suddenly, I was enlightened. Could it be that she wasn’t able to put her past with the Archangel Gabriel behind her? Perhaps Gabriel was as captivating to her as Israfel was to Chaste? That would explain things.
“What are you thinking about?” asked Sasuke, snapping me out of my thoughts. “The look you have on your face is pretty worrying.”
“I—I hate flying,” I lied sloppily.
He didn’t look too convinced, but didn’t press.
“You’d better get some rest,” interrupted Sir Albion frigidly as he flipped a Forbes magazine, stopping at his article. “You’ll need it. Both of you.”
I gulped. That didn’t sound positive with his tone. I really hoped he would forgive us soon and not take it out on our training later.
When our plane touched down at Changi Airport six hours later, Sir Albion demanded our passports the second we checked out, and we sighed in resignation. We didn’t dare show any further displeasure though, so we handed over our passports half-heartedly.
“Don’t misuse your ability,” Sir Albion told a sulky Sasuke. “You’re a celebrity, and people recognise you, so let me warn you—trespassing across country borders is illegal. Don’t get yourself into unnecessary trouble.”
Sasuke nodded unenthusiastically, and as expected, Sir Albion took no notice of it, his expression stony as ever.
Atward and Chaste took a different car from us. Nobody had mentioned where they were going.
Sasuke turned to Sir Albion as they parted from us. “It’s weird, knowing they’re my grandparents—in reincarnated forms, yes, but their souls are the same, right?”
Sir Albion nodded then, eyeing Sasuke closely, he said, “In Heaven, Archangel Israfel had the most amazing voice, and his instinct for sound and music was unparalleled. Don’t be too hard on Atward, Sasuke. After all, he gave you your exceptional talent. Make the best use of that talent and do good with it.”
Crossing his arms and looking away, Sasuke pouted. “I’ll come around it, but not now,” he said shortly.
When we were back at Black Gold, Sir Albion brought us to the conference room we always used, and just like every other day, he zapped us to the Inverness stadium for training. No lectures or anything. Just training. The same old physical work out. The same old running. 
I was pretty tired, after travelling for so long, but of course, I hadn’t been expecting Sir Albion to let us off today’s training. I was already glad he wasn’t mad anymore and so, like always, I slogged through and managed to survive another day.
















Chapter 10
Best and Worst

The next day back at school was completely hectic. Minutes before homeroom, I realised we’d been on the news yesterday. The cameras that had shot Atward as he entered Tokyo Dome Hotel happened to capture us in the background, which was how we rocketed up to the top spot of gossip subjects in school today. Not that I needed the help. I’d been hogging that spot since the day I set foot in this place. The whole school knew who I was—Averie Teh, the Singaporean girl opposing Acacia Savant. Wherever I walked, people talked. I had—more or less—gotten used to it. 
In my previous schools, I’d always kept a low profile, but that was impossible in Black Gold—today more than most. People were even following me around.
“How did you get so close to Atward Savant? I can’t believe you were in the same car!”
I smiled.
“Wow. You must be exceptional for Sir Albion to be tutoring you personally.”
I forced a smile, knowing I wasn’t one bit like the outstanding girl I was thought to be.
“Knowing two celebrities of different nationalities, how did you manage that?” 
Sasuke had been identified—despite his tremendous effort to make himself unrecognisable—and named in the news as well.
“What’s he like in real life?”
“Nice.”
“Did you watch his concert?”
“Yes.”
And on and on. Everyone had been pestering me since morning, and by now, I was so tired of doing these involuntary interviews, my responses—when I had to give one—had deteriorated to words of one syllable.
When school finally let out, Sasuke and I strode into the conference room, more than glad to ditch our herd of followers for the first time that day. 
Sasuke—naturally—had been getting it much worse than me. Now that his secret identity was blown, his popularity went up another notch. With a brilliant personality, a fresh, attractive appearance, and a cute accent, he’d already been pretty popular, but it wasn’t as crazy as today. At one point in the morning, the press and a mass of fans were even camping outside the school compound. Inside the school, his female schoolmates swooned over him, thrilled to have a celebrity studying at the same school. He’d been handling the attention better than me, but that was nothing surprising. He was a pop star—of course he was used to that kind of frenzy. 
After some waiting, I looked up at the clock at the top of the wall in one corner. Sir Albion was late today, which was unusual. Normally, he would be waiting.
“Two hundred dollars.” Sasuke grunted at his iPhone. 
“What’s wrong?” I asked, turning to him. “What two hundred dollars?”
“Elliot and his friends are getting people to pitch in for Acacia’s birthday present,” he said. “They just invited me to the party this Friday.” 
“Turn them down,” I suggested. “Asking you to fork out two hundred dollars for a birthday present is ridiculous.” 
“But I’ll feel bad.”
“Why should you feel bad?” I said with a frown. I didn’t get it. Turning down an absurd invitation, what was there to feel bad about?
“It feels like I’d be letting them down. I mean, they took the effort to invite me.”
I scowled. Letting them down? Come on, their invitation wasn’t purely out of good will.
“Right when I’m running out of allowance...” he muttered, tapping on the screen of his iPhone anxiously.
“You’re short of money?” I asked.
He tilted his head to look at me. “Nope, it’s nothing. Don’t worry about it.”
“I’ll give you the money for the trip tomorrow,” I pressed as he returned his gaze to his iPhone.
“No, no need to.” He waved me off without looking up. 
I opened my mouth to protest, but stopped when I found Sasuke busy replying to Elliot. He seemed really bothered about this whole thing… When had he gotten so close to Acacia’s clique? Judging by what I saw every day, he hadn’t really spoken to them. This might’ve even been the first time they’d talked. If that were the case, why was he so concerned with people he barely knew? He was even willing to spend so much on their party.
“Don’t buy friends with money,” I said without thinking, and Sasuke immediately glanced up at me. 
Okay, maybe that was a little harsh, but I couldn’t seem to contain my displeasure. I didn’t mean that he couldn’t make friends with Acacia’s clique. He was free to become friends with anyone, but should he really be so unsuspecting and generous with people he’d just got to know?
“Is that really how you see me?” he said after a moment of silence.
“You barely know them, and you’re worrying about not having two hundred dollars to give them. Isn’t that too generous? Perhaps they’re just after your money?”
His eyebrows furrowed. “Why do you have to twist their intentions?” 
“Two hundred dollars! That’s way overboard!” I snapped. “Or maybe that’s peanuts to you, in which case I’m sorry for making a fuss.”
He scowled. “Don’t always assume everything.”
“Since when do I always assume everything?” I demanded, my volume rising.
“You assume that Acacia and her friends are horrible people just because they did unpleasant things to you. Yes, some of the things they did were very bad, but they’re not downright awful. There are always two sides to everything. You assume there’s no genuine love in this world because of one unsuccessful relationship. The world isn’t as terrible as you think it is—you’re just making your life difficult by thinking so negatively.” He paused. “And you assume you know the Savants’ characters when you’ve only seen their surface.”
“I’m not assuming they’re horrible people. I just don’t understand why you bother so much about people you’re not even close to. And, why don’t you enlighten me? How is staying in a premium hotel suite, travelling in a top-notch automobile, and flying first class considered living humbly? Not to mention the private jet.” I wasn’t going to discuss my parents. Not like this.
 “They’re making the effort to invite me. It’s only polite that I attend if I can make it, isn’t it? Besides, we’re in the same school. It will be awkward if I turn them down without a valid reason.” He let out a heavy breath. “As for the money, I couldn’t just say no—there could be a dozen reasons for everything. And there are things you don’t know and understand about me...” Ouch. Why did that last sentence sting so much? “...so don’t make thoughtless remarks about me. Regarding the Savants’ lifestyle, all the luxuries are sponsored, of course. Atward Savant is a global phenomenon, and Sir Albion has business dealings with so many companies and corporations in the world, it’s only natural that everyone’s flocking to sponsor them. There’s no better way to advertise. The Savants couldn’t have turned everyone away. They do business, and that’s the way the world works.” 
Okay, some—maybe most—of the things he’d mentioned were my bad, but I refused to bend and admit he was right aloud. All I really wanted to do was convince him not to trust Acacia’s clique too much. It was hard to believe our conversation had turned out this way. “I’m just trying to say you need to have some guard against people. I may be too negative and suspicious, but don’t you think you’re too naive and quick to trust?”
The door swung open as I finished, and Sir Albion entered the room, locking the door before beckoning us forward. Sasuke and I got up and, taking care not to catch each other’s eyes, moved toward Sir Albion. 
A couple of steps away, Sasuke stopped walking and said, “Can I get to the stadium by myself?”
Sir Albion raised an eyebrow, but didn’t ask anything. “Go ahead.”
Sasuke zapped away. 
Sir Albion turned to me and reached out. “Let’s go.”
“Why are you late today?” I sighed. If he hadn’t been late, Sasuke and I wouldn’t have fought.
Watching me with an unreadable expression, Sir Albion said, “I was caught up with work.” 
I sighed again, and we headed off to Inverness. 
Throughout our session, Sasuke and I said nothing to each other, going about training quietly for the first time. The atmosphere was extremely awkward, but I pretended not to notice. Sasuke did the same. Sir Albion noticed that something was off between us right from the beginning, but didn’t probe. 
And just like that, Sasuke and I were completely ignoring each other. The only interaction we had was when I gave him the money for our short Tokyo stay, and he took it without saying a word. 
Actually, excluding direct contact, there were two other occasions where we interacted—he’d answered two Chemistry questions in my place when I dropped behind in Ms. Psychotic’s class yesterday, infuriating Ms. Psychotic and making things worse, but that didn’t matter. What mattered was that he’d cared enough to step in and help me. He’d also given Lola a cold, hard stare when she made fun of me during lunch. Maybe I was reading too much into things, but I liked to think he hadn’t helped me just because he would’ve done the same for anyone else... 
Regardless, the friendship I’d once had with Sasuke had become null, and to add to the hurt, Sasuke had joined another clique since Tuesday. Acacia’s. Initially, Chaste kept bugging us to tell her what had made our friendship turn sour—it took her three days of futile effort to give up on getting us to talk to each other. I didn’t know about Sasuke, but I didn’t want to have to speak to Sasuke first, even though his absence really hurt. 
When the school bell went off, the longest Friday of my life eventually came to an end. Sasuke hurried out of our math tutorial and I stopped what I was doing as sadness throttled me. 
We hadn’t sat together at lunch for a week. We pretended we didn’t know each other whenever we crossed paths. Chemistry lab earlier had been especially unbearable since we were partners—I had no clue how we’d managed to complete the experiment without talking—and there was also the inevitable hostility from Ms. Psychotic. Along with Acacia, she’d been really smug after noticing my fall out with Sasuke, making sarcastic remarks about how friendship didn’t last and how friends turned their backs on each other.
Slinging my backpack over my shoulders, I said goodbye to Chaste before making my way out of the classroom. As I stepped past Deborah and Lola’s desks, I unintentionally overheard their hushed conversation.
“It’s gonna be an interesting night.” Lola let out a grating laugh.
“Yeah, Takahashi Sasuke’s going to be ruined after tonight,” said Deborah with a lopsided grin, stopping me in my tracks.
What did that mean? I knew they were using Sasuke for his money, but ruined? I was so not expecting that. What could they be planning? How were they going to ruin Sasuke? Could they be joking?
An abrupt touch on my right arm made my heart lurch. I turned and saw that Chaste had caught up with me, surprised to see me still hanging around the classroom. I put my index finger to her lips before she said a word.
“Can’t wait for the party later!” Lola gave a stifled squeal of excitement. “Eleven o’clock at Clarke Quay…it’s going to be so much fun—oh, and have you decided what to wear?”
“Pretty much,” said Deborah, and the pair strode away.
I was ready to go after them, but Chaste held me back. “Averie,” she said, looking puzzled. “What’s wrong?”
I had to warn Sasuke and stop him from going to that stupid party. I didn’t know what they were planning, but it was better to be safe than sorry. “Nothing,” I told Chaste. “I’ve got to get going! See you Monday!”
“Sure you’re all right?”
“Yes! Bye!” I hurried off to the conference room to look for Sasuke. When I went in, Sir Albion was already in the room and Sasuke pushed back his chair to stand. I already knew what he was going to say and do next.
“May I?” he asked as a gesture of courtesy.
“Go on,” said Sir Albion as he extended his arm to me.
Sasuke zapped off to Inverness Stadium by himself, and Sir Albion and I followed. By now, it had become the normal routine.
Miserable, I reached out to Sir Albion and to Inverness we went. I’d tell Sasuke about Lola and Deborah’s conversation after training. I decided not to mention anything about Acacia’s party in front of Sir Albion in case I ruined their party and aggravated the tension between us further.
When training ended, at close to 10 PM, Sasuke stepped out of the office promptly, and I rushed to catch up to him.
“Sasuke!” I called as the glass doors to the staffroom slipped close behind me, and he stopped without turning around. “I need to talk to you.” He whirled around to face me as I scuttled up to him, wearing the neutral expression I’d come to hate.
“You can’t go to the party,” I blurted, despite reminding myself numerous times that I had to choose my words carefully to convince Sasuke to give the party a miss.
Frowning, he stared at me for a moment before speaking. “Why?”
““Deborah and Lola have something nasty planned to hurt you. I heard them talking. I—erm—I don’t know what exactly they have in mind, but trust me, they’re up to no good.” I paused, kicking myself internally for doing such a poor job at persuasion. “Just don’t go to the party, all right?”
He shook his head in disbelief, and his harsh attitude toward me hit me hard. It was amazing I could still stand when it felt like I’d just been run over by a bullet train on maximum speed. “I can’t believe you’re still at it, Averie. Making everyone out to be bad. They invited me to a birthday party—what kind of ulterior motives can they have?”
“I don’t know!” I cried desperately. “But I’m not lying! I swear I—”
He didn’t let me finish. “I don’t want to listen to this nonsense, Averie. Do you have anything else to say?”
Ouch. That really hurt. He might’ve as well slapped me in the face. “Just believe me, all right?” I found myself pleading. I hadn’t known his trust meant so much to me.
My heart fell as he spun around and strode toward the hostel, leaving me standing there like an idiot girl who’d just gotten her declaration of love mercilessly rejected.
“Where do you think you’re going?” I snapped furiously when I broke out of my daze, but he didn’t stop.
Watching his back became smaller as he got farther and farther away from me, I could feel tears threatening, but the anger of being ridiculed by a friend I was trying to help quickly replaced whatever other feelings I had.
“Fine! I won’t bother myself with you any longer!” I shouted after him then, still bristling with fury, stomped out of school and all the way home.
With a loud band, I kicked the door leading to my bedroom shut then chucked my backpack across the room, smashing it against the wall before it crashed to the ground.
I’d been concerned enough to warn him about what I’d learned, and he didn’t even appreciate it. 
Fine! Let him be ruined! I don’t even care. 
It wasn’t like his wellbeing had anything to do with me anyway.
Whatever I might’ve said, I couldn’t stop myself from slamming things around as I subjected myself to a cold shower in an effort to cool my temper, which helped. But, it also helped another thing—making me more worried about the damn Japanese boy now that I was calmer and thinking straight.
It was my friend’s future... I shouldn’t have let my anger get to me. I couldn’t just sit here and watch him get into trouble. 
I needed to find Sasuke. Fast.
Without delay, I bustled out of the bathroom without blow-drying my hair. After throwing on some clean clothes and shoving my feet into the first matching pair of sneakers I could find, I snapped up my wallet and my iPhone 5 and sped out of the house. Running to the main road, I hailed a taxi and, when I was on my way to Clarke Quay, pulled out my phone and checked the time: 11.05 PM.
The party had started at eleven. I hoped I’d be able to make it. I had to stop whatever they were planning for Sasuke before it happened.
Ten minutes later, I climbed out of the taxi and stepped onto the streets of Clarke Quay, only then realising I had absolutely zero clue where Acacia’s party was being held. 
I whipped out my iPhone and searched for Chaste in my rather limited contact list. Getting to her number, I quickly dialled it—the only contacts I had in Black Gold were Chaste and Sasuke, and I couldn’t possibly call Sasuke—but she didn’t pick up. 
I dropped the call after at least a dozen rings, looking around frantically and trying hard to think of something else. I’d originally planned to get Chaste to call Sasuke and ask him where the party was, but that wasn’t possible now. Just as I started to majorly panic, I saw familiar faces on the bridge across the street. 
In a scamper, I crossed the distance to get to the bridge and stalked up to Deborah and Lola. 
“Where’s the party?” I demanded when they were within earshot.
They looked over their shoulders, scoffing when they recognised me. “What are you doing here? For your information, you aren’t invited,” said Lola with a scorn as she scanned me from head to toe—judging me from head to toe—but I couldn’t care less now.
“Where is the party at?” I repeated impatiently. “And what in the world are you planning to do to Sasuke? Better confess everything now before I lose it.”
“Oh.” She nodded with mock seriousness. Her tone was downright sarcastic—and downright irritating. Beside her, Deborah let out a particularly mean snicker. “What are you going to do to us?” She scrunched her nose up in disdain and continued her arrogant gait forward.
That did it. There went the last of my patience. I reached forward and grabbed her shoulder so hard, she cried out in pain. “Let go of me, you crazy bitch!” My temper almost exploded. I’d never been called a bitch before I entered Black Gold, and now, it felt like my second name.
People around us stared as Deborah tried to pry me off her friend, but her skinny frame didn’t exactly help. I pushed her aside effortlessly, feeling rather good to be the one in control for once. 
“Talk!” I growled at Lola, squeezing her shoulder. I felt a little sorry for hurting her—she was a petite girl, though not nearly as skinny as Deborah—but I had no time for them now. Sasuke’s fate depended on me. Plus, we’d gathered quite a bit of attention by now. I had to get answers to my questions before some stranger decided to interfere.
“Elliot!” Lola squirmed, trying to shake my hand off, but she wasn’t getting rid of me that easily. “He deceived Sasuke—tricked him into entering the club!”
I didn’t get it. So what? “Elaborate,” I demanded.
“It’s an adult nightclub, and he’s underage! Elliot’s going to snap pictures and post them online! Please let go, it really hurts!”
My face screwed up into a frown. If that happened, he’d definitely be ruined. He might even face legal action.
Lola was almost tearing up, so I quickly asked one last question, “Where’s the club?”
She pointed at the other end of the bridge. “The red sign!”
I let go, sprinting across the bridge. As I came to the stretch of nightclubs along the Singapore river, I was faced with another problem—there was a super long queue out there.
I decided to play cheat and cut the queue. Pulling aside one of the bouncers, I produced a S$50 note from my wallet and offered it to the big muscle guy. “Let me in! It’s only for a moment. I just have to find my friend and I’m done in there.”
“Are you eighteen?” he asked.
“Yes,” I said quickly. “Want to check my IC?”
“Double that amount, and I’ll get you in,” the bouncer said resolutely. 
Impatiently, I took out another S$50 and handed it to him. “Get me in, now.”
“Your boyfriend inside?” he teased, amused by my anxiety. “Trying to find out if he’s cheating on you?”
I shot him an icy glare, hoping he’d get the message that I wasn’t in the mood for jokes.
Shrugging, he quirked his mouth to one side then said, “Come on.” He pushed open the door and led me in.
“Do you happen to know anyone by the name of Acacia Savant? She’s having a birthday party here tonight,” I shouted above the loud, booming music. Everyone I passed gawked at me as I pushed my way through the hazy room packed with high partygoers. I knew what they were looking at—my clothes. 
I picked up my pace, ignoring stares and the people poking fun at me. Dressed in a t-shirt, a cardigan, and slacks while everyone else was smart-casual, I was terribly out of place. They had got to be wondering what on earth I was doing here in pyjamas.
“Oh, you mean her?” He pointed to a table of young people at the second level, and I recognised several people from my class. “She’s really pretty. I’m going to buy her a bottle late—”
“Whatever,” I snapped then moved up to the second level, anxiously searching for Sasuke.
“Hey!” Someone tapped me on the shoulder, so I spun around and found myself staring into Elliot’s face. “What’s up? The last time I checked, you weren’t on the invite list.”
I rolled my eyes at him. Seriously, how many times did I have to be reminded that I wasn’t invited to the party? It wasn’t even like I wanted to be here. I didn’t have a choice.
“Where’s Sasuke?” I demanded.
“The Japanese...he left already.”
“Huh?” I cried out. “He left?”
“Yeah, he chickened out. He’s only a couple of months from turning eighteen, so I don’t see the problem. Plenty of underage kids sneak into nightclubs everyday—no, every night.” Elliot chuckled at his own joke, apparently not finding it as lame as I did. 
“He didn’t chicken out, he’s smart­,” I hissed. “Why hang around a place where he can get into trouble?”
“Elliot!” Acacia shouted over the noise, though I couldn’t see her. “Come over and drink up!”
“Got to go.” Striding away, Elliot waved goodbye and my eyes swept over the bulky DSLR camera he was holding. 
Evidence. Camera. 
Elliot had pictures of Sasuke—pictures that could cause misunderstandings and jeopardise his career. 
Okay, I needed to get that DSLR.
I stepped up behind Elliot and, with one abrupt motion, seized his camera. He hollered, and since I had no plans to hang out, I darted off. I lost him in the crowd easily. 
When a ladies’ washroom came into sight, I burst into it and locked myself in one of the cubicles. A girl in the next cubicle was vomiting away. It was so early in the night, and she was already that wasted. I hoped she’d be okay.
Bearing with the foul smell, I got to business. Switching the camera on speedily, I nearly dropped the gadget in my haste. Spending no more than a second on each photo, I scrolled through the contents, hoping to find and delete Sasuke’s pictures ASAP. Several long minutes of futile browsing later, I gave up. There were too many pictures—hundreds of them. It would take all night to look through everything. 
With Elliot’s camera in hand, I headed out of the washroom and left the club. I would return his camera tomorrow, after I was certain every single picture of Sasuke had been erased.
Not knowing what bus to take to get home from Clarke Quay, I made my way to a taxi stand. There, in the distance, was the object of my mission. Sasuke noticed me—he was looking in my direction—and for a while, we both stayed where we were. 
Just when I was certain neither one of us would take the initiative to say hi, he stepped toward me. “Hey,” he began awkwardly. “You were right. I—I shouldn’t have come...and I’m sorry, Averie, I shouldn’t have doubted you.” He paused, looking away for a moment before turning back to me. “What are you doing here by yourself, anyway?”
Stupefied as I was, I stayed mum, at a complete loss for words as a huge sense of relief gushed over me. Thank goodness, the worst I feared never happened.
“Are you all right?” asked Sasuke, eyeing me with concern. He then took in a sharp breath. “Or are you still angry at me?”
I had to say something. I hoped I wouldn’t mess it up this time.
“You believe me?” I asked dumbly, even though he’d just said he shouldn’t have doubted me, which basically meant the same thing.
“Yes,” he said. “And I’m truly sorry.”
“I’m sorry too,” I said. “About a lot of things.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“Okay.” 
Silence followed. I looked away. Then he looked away. Neither of us knew what to say next.
“Isn’t that Elliot’s camera?” he asked suddenly, staring down at the DSLR.
“Well—” I held up the DSLR. “Yes, it sure is. Let’s find a place to sit down.”
There was a bemused look on his face, but he followed me as I walked to the river and settled down on an unoccupied concrete edge.
I handed him the camera. “Delete your own photos.”
He looked puzzled. “My photos?” 
“Yes,” I said. “I think Elliot took photos of you at the nightclub. Get rid of the evidence before he gets a chance to post them online. Lola and Deborah told me about Elliot’s evil plot just before I went into the club to look for you.”
“You came here to look for me?” 
I pursed my mouth and shrugged. “What else would I be doing here?” I said after a moment.
A smile that could light up the whole street crossed his lips. “Thanks,” he said then continued teasingly, “I didn’t know you were so concerned about me. I could’ve sworn you said you wouldn’t bother yourself with me earlier tonight?”
“Idiot. Do you have any idea how much trouble you put me through tonight?” I grumbled, jabbing a finger at his chest. “I even stole.”
“Thank you, madam.” He saluted me, and I laughed sincerely—for the first time this week. “Averie?” he said, his expression growing serious.
“Hmm?” I said, taken aback, but he merely held my gaze for a long moment. 
“I really miss you,” he said eventually, and I don’t know why, but my heart took an involuntary leap. 
“You know what?” I said. “I miss you a lot, too.” 
He gave me a large, toothy grin. Without hesitation or reservation, I smiled back just as widely. It felt really good to finally have my friend back. “And thanks for speaking up for me yesterday...even though we weren’t exactly on the best of terms...” 
His grin vanished. Shocked, I stared blankly back at him. 
“I’ll never let anyone get on your case for anything,” he told me in a firm, steadfast voice and swept me straight to paradise. 
“Thanks,” I murmured with shy smile, incapable of hiding the delight on my face.
And he smiled again.
Together, we went through the pictures in Elliot’s camera one by one until we finished going through all four hundred and eight, deleting about fifteen of them as we did so. Those shots had girls climbing on him, alcohol bottles next to him, and plenty of clubbers dancing all around him.
“Why did you even go in?” I asked Sasuke. “Didn’t you see how things were inside?”
“When I got there, it was still quiet. But as soon as I saw alcohol, I left. Tried to leave, anyway. People swarmed into the club. I didn’t even know those pictures were taken.” He stood up suddenly and bowed—at ninety degrees—in my direction. “Seriously, Averie, thank you so much. I practically owe you my life.”
“Just promise to trust me from now on, will you?” I found myself saying, surprising myself. Sasuke might get the wrong idea, think I was hinting at something. Maybe I really was hinting at something? Did I like him? Well, I definitely liked him as a friend, but more than that… I wasn’t sure. I hadn’t ever been in love, so how was I supposed to know? For all I knew, it might just be a nice feeling that would eventually pass. 
“I promise,” he said without hesitation, producing his long pinkie finger as he lowered himself back onto the edge.
I hooked my short pinkie with his, enjoying every second of the happy moment. 
“Let’s get you home.” He started to stand.
I stood as well. “Let’s go return Elliot’s camera first.” 
“Oh yeah, that’s right.”
Outside the club where Acacia and her friends were still partying at, I started to approach the same bouncer who’d got me in previously, hoping he’d let me in again, but Sasuke held me back. “I can’t let a girl go in there alone.”
I waved his concerns off. “I already went in once and survived. Nobody will take an interest in me anyway—just look at me.” I gestured at my body with my chin.
“No,” he insisted. “Let’s wait here. I’ll call Elliot and get him to come down and get his camera himself.”
Nodding, I agreed to his brilliant suggestion, and he fished out his iPhone to call Elliot. Our dear friend was out to greet us in an instant, bringing Acacia with him. She looked stunningly beautiful with makeup and a tight electric blue dress on—and she also looked like she was about to claw my eyes out.
Elliot snatched his camera from Sasuke. “Stealing is illegal.”
Sasuke bent down, looking Elliot in the eyes—he was roughly the same height as Acacia—and growled in his face, “So is taking defamatory pictures of me.” Sasuke turned to me. “Let’s go, Averie.”
We started to leave, but Acacia stopped us. “Wait,” she said, and we looked to her expectantly. 
“What’s this supposed to mean?” she blurted, her lethal glare directed squarely at me. “What’s going on here?”
“I’m surprised you’re asking me,” I hissed, returning the hostility. “Ask your friend. I’m not obligated to offer you explanations.” She tsked, but I ignored her. “Let’s go, Sasuke.” I briefly tapped Sasuke on his arm.
Acacia’s eyes were wide with rage, and she looked like she was going to hit me any second as what I recognised as a fit of jealousy seized her. It struck me then—the motivation behind this entire episode. I glanced over at Elliot and knew I’d hit the bull’s eye. He was looking every bit as jealous over Acacia as Acacia was over Sasuke. He liked her, but Acacia didn’t return his feelings because her love subject was Sasuke.
With our business finished, Sasuke and I headed off, sauntering toward the taxi stand, and not long after, we climbed into a taxi and Sasuke insisted we take a detour to my place first.
I nodded and told the driver, “Holland Road, Street Thirteen.” Honestly, I didn’t know what had gotten into me. Usually, I would have protested the impracticality, but tonight, I went along with it, barely caring about the taxi fare.
I was so head-over-heels after my reconciliation with Sasuke, I even forgot that I couldn’t bring friends home until we were halfway there. In Sasuke’s case, he’d—technically—sort of already seen my father at his worst. Still, I didn’t want them to meet again so, when the taxi stopped outside my house, I said goodbye quickly and went inside. 
Stepping into the living room, I didn’t see my father anywhere so I figured he wasn’t home. Two steps at a time, I raced up the stairs to my bedroom, but as soon as it came into view—splat. My heart dropped to my stomach. Why was my door open? Just a crack—but still, it was open. 
For a long moment I wracked my brains, but I couldn’t remember if I’d locked my room when I left. I walked warily to my bedroom and pushed the door open. Shock raced through me.
My father was sitting on my bed, his shoulders slouched and his face flushing red. Jeez—just how much alcohol was in his system? I could smell him all the way from the doorway. 
Lifting his head, he asked, “Where have you been?” There was a sharpness in his voice. “I’ve been waiting seven years!”
“What seven years?” I asked. Something was definitely wrong with the way my father was speaking to me tonight, but I couldn’t pinpoint it.
“Don’t play ignorant with me!” he hollered crankily. “Do you realise how long seven years is?”
Seven years. That’s how long Mum had been away. Was he so drunk he was mistaking me for Mum? I did look very like her—from my face to the shape and size of my body—but still, being drunk didn’t make people forget their own daughter…or did it?
My father got to his feet, and I took a step back out of reflex. This was the first time I’d come face-to-face with him while he was drunk; before this, I’d always managed to stay out of his way.
Trembling uncontrollably with what I figured was rage and hurt, he rattled on, “I gave you everything. I gave your daughter everything.”
My eyes snapped open wide. Does he know the truth? Does he know I’m not his kid?
“I would do anything for you, anything, but what have you done for me? The only thing I asked of you was to stay by my side, and you couldn’t even do that!”
Things aren’t looking good, I decided the moment he took a step toward me. 
Reflex kicked in again, and I swivelled around to run from my father, but he was out in the hallway with me in an instant. I let out a gasp, completely unnerved as he caught my arms in a firm hold. When I struggled, we tripped and stumbled to the floor but I, somehow, managed to thrash free of his iron grip. I stood up to make my escape, only to have him grab my forearm and yank me down again. His hand slipped off, but momentum carried me into a nosedive. I only just managed to avoid smashing my face into the floor by throwing my arms out. 
Without wasting any time, I pushed myself up again, but as I raised my head, a solid slap across my cheek turned the world fuzzy. Before I could fully regain my senses, I realised—very much to my horror—that my father was attempting to tear my clothes off.
“What are you doing?” I cried out, my voice shaky with fear. Though I was pinned to the wall, I kicked and resisted as best as I could.
When my father spoke again, his voice was gravelly and pained. “I’ve never forced you to do anything, but I’m sick of it! I’m sick of it all! Am I not good enough for you?” He succeeded in pulling one sleeve of my cardigan off, and I freaked out, screaming my head off and fighting with every ounce of strength I had. “I should have made you mine a long time ago!”
“Let me go!” I screamed, crying freely now. “Get the hell off me! Get off me! Please! Please!” I didn’t even know what I was saying any more, all I knew was that I felt so meek and vulnerable, I could only beg for him to stop. 
Despite my desperate pleading, he ripped my shirt, and I reached my breaking point when he tugged at my bra strap.
“Daaaaaaaad!” I yelled like I’d never yelled in my life, my voice cracking terribly as I struggled to catch my breath. “Stop it…please…”
Realisation flashed in his eyes, and shock crawled across his features. He let me go with a start and backed away from where I was lying against the wall—feeble, tear-streaked, shirt in shreds.
“Averie?” He seemed to have sobered up a little, but I really couldn’t be bothered. Distress twisted his expression, and he rubbed his face nervously. “Oh God, Averie...” He inhaled sharply. “I thought I was seeing your mum—”
I cut off his unneeded explanation with a growl, “Go. Away.” 
He didn’t move.
“Get away from me!” Behind the brave front I was putting on was a state of extreme trepidation that my father would attack me again. But still, my temper got the better of me. 
“Okay, okay, I’ll go.” He put his hands out in what was apparently a calming gesture. I didn’t show it, but I was taken aback by his reaction. I would never have expected my drunken father to listen so quickly. “I’m so sorry, Averie. Forgive Dad, all right? I honestly thought I was—”
“You’re not my dad!” I sobbed, thinking it would shut him up. Make him go away. How wrong I was.
“Take it back,” he muttered after a moment.
When I said nothing—not breaking our intense eye contact—his forehead furrowed into deep, angry creases, and he said again, this time louder and harsher, “I said take it back.”
I kept my silence as I contemplated my chances of outrunning him. Abruptly, he reached forward, clutched my shoulders, and hauled me to my feet. I cringed.
Tipping my chin up with a hand, he hunched over, and the strong, thick smell of alcohol burned my lungs. He was wild-eyed and overpowering and scary. I didn’t want to, but I gasped. “I never want to hear you say that again, ever,” he breathed in my face. “Do you understand me?” 
Something in me snapped. What did it matter? All this time he’d only cared about drowning himself in alcohol. He had no business telling me what to do—or in this instance, what not to do. “You. Are. Not. My. Dad,” I repeated with added emphasis, and the next thing I knew, he was lugging me across my room. 
I tried jerking his painful grip off my wrist, nearly dislodging my entire arm from its joint in the process. “What do you want?” I shrieked hysterically.
He yanked me forward, hurling me over the edge of my bed. “Teach you respect.” 
I slammed into the mattress stomach-first. Before I could react, he seized my left elbow and wrenched it behind the small of my back, pressing me into the bed. 
“Let me go!” I yelled, thrashing as vehemently as I could with my legs hanging, but it was no use. Looking over my shoulder when I heard metal clanking, I stopped dead in our tug-of-war as I realised—horror-struck—that my father was slipping his belt off. 
“This is going to hurt a lot, and I’ll make sure it hurts even more if you don’t stop fighting,” he warned grimly. Light reflected off the shiny, silver buckle onto my face.
I blanched. “You aren’t going to hit me, are you?” I whimpered, staring at my father in utter disbelief as my body went limp. This couldn’t be happening; he had never hit me before. 
He folded the belt in two, and I realised his words were no empty threat. “Apologise and I won’t.”
I hesitated, and without warning, the heavy leather struck me across the seat of my pants. Clutching the bedspread in my unrestrained hand, I gasped—more in surprise than anything else—as treacherous tears sprang to my eyes.
“Apologise or not?” he snapped impatiently.
Despite the overwhelming fear and pain, I swallowed my tears and shot him an indignant glare. I would not let him beat me into surrender. 
He raised the damn belt threateningly, but I refused to cower. It didn’t matter how hopelessly I was quivering on the inside, I wouldn’t ever give in. “This is your last chance—apologise or not?” he demanded, his voice rising to a crescendo. 
He should’ve been the one apologising, not me. I shut my eyes tightly, steeling myself for the consequences that would follow my next word. “Never.” In a strange way, I was proud of myself. I hadn’t known I could be so stubborn, so...bold. 
And that was it. The lashes came down hard and fast. At some point, my willpower gave way to the pain, and I wept into the sheets tightly caught up in my hand. Forgetting my brave talk about not cowering or surrendering, I just wanted to cry. 
I wasn’t aware my torment had stopped until my father spoke again. His tone was no longer angry—it was soft, gentle even. And I hardly believed it was real. “Averie.” He stroked my back, and I flinched. “Are you okay?” 
He’d just hit the living daylights out of me with a freaking belt, and he was asking if I was okay? “I hate you.” I let out my resentment before I could stop myself then panicked immediately. What if he decided to hit me again? My breathing stopped, and I watched him anxiously. 
He didn’t move, just sitting next to me on the bed. Though he didn’t remain that way for long. “Go to sleep,” he said quietly before getting off the bed and looping his belt back on as he headed out the room without another word. He sounded hurt, but I wasn’t about to forgive him because of that. In fact, I didn’t think I’d ever be able to forgive him for what had happened tonight, and for everything else. 
Not wanting to stay another second outside my safety zone, I let myself slump gingerly to the floor then crawled to the door to push it closed. When I was safely locked away, I shifted to the farthest corner from the door and, curling into a warm ball, cried myself to sleep. 
* * * *
When I woke, I had no idea how long I’d been asleep, but I didn’t care. All feelings had gone, and the only thing left in me was...nothingness. In another corner, my iPhone was beeping, but I ignored it, hoping the world would leave me alone. I lay on the floor, staring vacuously ahead.
I must have fallen asleep again because I was woken abruptly by a noise in my room. Alarmed, I sat bolt upright to investigate the sound, and two people came into focus—Sasuke and Sir Albion. 
Sir Albion had his back to me while Sasuke picked up one of the hoodies on the floor and walked quickly toward me. I backed away as he got closer. After the trauma of last night, I’d clearly developed a subconscious sensitivity to testosterone. He passed me the clothing, and I stared at it for a moment, wondering what it was for.
“Put it on,” he said when I did nothing, and I remembered the current state of my shirt. Quickly, I slipped my arms into the hoodie and pulled it on.
“What happened?” asked Sasuke as he lowered himself onto the floor in front of me, his intent—and anxious?—eyes searching my face.
I didn’t know what to say, so I said nothing.
“Sasuke.” Sir Albion spoke up all of a sudden. “Training is cancelled today. Look after her for now. Update me again.”
Sasuke gave a slight nod, and Sir Albion zapped off. 
“Did somebody hurt you?” Sasuke tried to get me talking again, very gently this time. “You can tell me anything. I promise I won’t tell anyone if you don’t want me to.”
Something in his voice made me crack up and tears formed in my eyes, but I refused to let them roll. I looked up at the ceiling.
“Do you want to talk?” he asked, tentatively.
Still straining to hold back tears, I shook my head, careful to keep my movements slow. I didn’t know how, but Sasuke’s presence was sending all my emotions tumbling back.
“Okay. Do you want me to stay?”
“Okay,” I whispered, and he moved to sit next to me.
For a long time, we sat in comfortable and soothing silence. Sasuke didn’t push me to explain anything, but eventually, when I thought I’d calmed down enough, I opened up.
“My dad,” I croaked, and Sasuke immediately whirled around to look at me. “He was drunk. He mistook me for my mum. He didn’t do anything more than rip my shirt and hit me with his belt, but I still won’t forgive him.” My vision was blurred. I thought I’d regained control over my emotions, but apparently, I hadn’t. 
Sasuke grabbed my hands, his wide, horrified eyes looking me over. “Are you hurt?” 
I was okay now, but when I saw the concern all over his face, a tear nearly escaped me. Hastily, I forced it back and broke our gaze; I was sure I would start crying if I didn’t. “You told me I’m too negative. You told me the world isn’t as horrible as I think, but the truth is—I’m not, because the world is every bit as horrible as I think it—”
Sasuke let go of my hands and, surprising me, threw his arms around me. Frozen to the spot, I even forgot to breathe. “I’ll show you it isn’t all bad.” He wrapped me tighter, so tightly I could feel his heartbeat—the solid, steady thumping in his chest that was...strangely calming. “Trust me. I can’t promise there wouldn’t be bad times at all, but from now on, I’ll make sure your world is as beautiful as it can be.”
Feeling secure in his embrace, I allowed myself a minute to indulge in the perfect fantasy he’d created for me before pulling away from him. To my surprise, I found myself asking in a small voice, “Do you like me?”
“Do you like me?” He dumped my question back in my face.
“I asked first,” I insisted, slightly distracted by the warmth of his body. His arm was touching mine—skin to skin—and I hadn’t known I’d been so cold until now.
“I adore you,” he said without hesitation, and I immediately lost what little control I’d gained over my tear glands. 
I felt like I was on top of the world in spite of everything that had just happened. However, I quickly toned the feeling down because I of all people should have known that good things didn’t last. That was the reality. 
That being said, there were still several things I couldn’t help but want to find out. “What makes you so sure?” I asked as Sasuke delicately wiped my tears away with his soft hands. It was the first time I had someone doing that for me, and more tears fell as I drank in the blatant concern on Sasuke’s face. This feeling...the feeling of his tender touch...it made me vulnerable, it made me want to pour out all the anguish I’d swallowed in these seven years.
“I couldn’t sure at first…” Sasuke considered briefly. “…but gradually, I started to realise that something about you is different, very different...very...special.” My heart missed a beat, and I felt a sudden surge of joy. “And now, I know I do. There are so many reasons for it, listing them all would take a long time.” He paused, his blazing eyes searching mine. I stared back eagerly, and he continued, “One thing is sure, there’s absolutely no way to keep you off my mind. I’ve never felt this way about anyone before. You just...overwhelm me. You have no idea how awful it felt when we weren’t talking. It was like something important was missing.”
“No,” I said, taking Sasuke aback. His eyes were large with surprise. “I know exactly how it felt because I felt the same.” The bemused look on his face transformed into an all-out smile—Sasuke’s signature easy grin...the one whose indescribable effect on me, I realised, was something no one else could do.
“My dad told me once that boys have a tendency to like girls who resemble their mums,” he said, still smiling. “And you certainly do.”
“How do I resemble her?” I asked curiously.
“Your independence, your braveness—you and my mum are such strong women, I truly respect that courage. You’re also one of the most genuine people I’ve met, never bothering to portray yourself in a way you’re not.”
I didn’t know how to react to the compliment so I looked away, elated but slightly embarrassed as well. In fact, I didn’t think I was that strong a person. I was constantly afraid, frightened of a million things—both trivial and grave. “I’m not as strong as you think,” I said quietly. “I’m a bit of a loser, to be honest.” Then, in a weak effort to make my previous comment sound more casual, I tried playing it off as a joke. “If you meant I’m strong in this manner,” I gave my biceps, which were rather toned after all that physical training with Sir Albion, a light flex, “then I guess I am.”
He was unsmiling, regarding me with a sidelong glance that was hard to interpret. “You get hurt, but you always push yourself forward. You never give up. It’s okay to feel terrible, everyone feels terrible when terrible things happen. There’s no need to beat yourself up for being normal.”
I stared at him, feeling seriously good about myself for the first time in my life. He was right. Life wasn’t all bad. Plenty of unpleasant things had happened to me, but there were good things, too. Knowing Sasuke was definitely one of them—probably the best of them.
“And actually, there’s another uncanny resemblance…” he trailed off, like he was reluctant to continue.
I kept my gaze on him expectantly. Now that he’d gotten my interest piqued, there was no way I would go without finding out. “Tell me.”
“Well...if you insist...the ways you and my mum tell people off are exactly the same.”
I laughed. “That’s it?”
He grinned at me lopsidedly. “Yep.”
“The only person I really argue with is you,” I said indignantly.
His grin grew wider. “I suppose I am to feel honoured?”
I laughed again, but his expression suddenly turned serious. 
“It’s your turn,” he said stiffly. “Do you…you know…happen to like me too?”
Feeling my face warm, I turned away quickly, groping for the words to express how I felt about him. I didn’t know he was taking it as a sign of rejection until he spoke again. 
“Don’t worry, it’s okay if you don’t—”
“No!” I exclaimed and immediately turned red for overreacting. I went on softly, “I mean, that’s not it. I do like you—very much—but I can’t be sure... Love is...something that I’ve never known...I’m not sure how it’s supposed to feel…” I sneaked a look at Sasuke to check on his response, meeting his pretty black eyes in the process. It was the most amazing pair of eyes I’d ever looked into—even more amazing than Archangel Israfel’s ethereal one. 
Sasuke closed his eyes and leaned in. I knew what was about to happen, and to my surprise, I didn’t move away in fear or shock, but stayed and anticipated with a racing heartbeat. I closed my eyes, too, as our lips connected, and my heart burst with happiness. I’d never thought I would have a first kiss and I definitely never thought it would feel so blissful.
When our lips finally found themselves apart, I rested my head on his chest. He put an arm around my shoulders fluidly, his other hand—big and gentle, with long fingers calloused from years of drumming—holding mine. Beside him, I felt so warm, so safe, so...protected. There was nothing stressful to worry about, nothing demanding to take on, nothing intimidating to face alone. He was with me. Sasuke was here with me. And I wouldn’t have minded staying this way forever.
“That was my first kiss,” I divulged, feeling marvelled yet surreal at the same time I said those words I hadn’t once thought I would say. “I never thought I would have one.” 
Now, I got it. I was content, and love, probably, felt like this.
“That was my first, too.” His lips curled into a broad, contagious smile as I tipped my head back, gazing up at him. “Averie, can I ask you something?”
“Hmm?” I said, noticing for the first time how nice he smelled—a crisp, natural scent; no cologne, no deodorant, just a hint of cool menthol shower gel and the rest was all him, all Sasuke. The way he smelled...it was comforting and, somehow, made me at ease.
“What do you like most about me?” he asked, his hot breath brushing against my hair.
I didn’t even have to think about it. “Your kindness.”
“You once said I’m too nice for my own good,” he reminded me gently.
“I’ve changed my mind. I want to believe what you believe in,” I told him, meaning every word. The way he looked at the world was so positive, so hopeful. I wanted to see it that way, too. I needed to change. I didn’t want to continue feeling negative and fearful about the world.
He kissed me again, this time lightly on my forehead. 
I smiled then pointed at Sasuke’s watch. “What time is it now?”
He showed me his watch, but answered my question nevertheless. “Almost four o’clock. Are you feeling okay now?”
Was he leaving? I shook the thought off the moment it shot into my mind. I didn’t want to cling to him. He always seemed so busy. Maybe he needed to work on homework or a project or something.
“Yes, I’m fine now,” I told him thickly, trying not to show any reluctance as I started to sit up straight and pull my hand from his, but he snatched it back immediately. 
“Feeling okay enough to go somewhere with me?” he asked.
Heart singing, I agreed. I wondered where we would be going this time.
He zapped us off, taking us into his hostel room. We weren’t going to stay here, I realised when he opened the door then turned back around to say with a radiant smile, “Let’s go.”
We managed to slip away from the boys’ side of the hostel and into the common lobby without bumping into anyone. Going down six storeys, we walked side by side without saying anything as we headed into the main school building. He led the way to an area of the school I hadn’t been to before, stopping in front a room labelled “Music Lab II.” He went into the room and flipped on the lights and air-conditioning. I followed him in. 
The room was filled with musical instruments. He walked to the back of the room, straight to the only set of drums. Sitting down before the drums, he picked up a pair of drumsticks and thumped out an uplifting tune. When he finished, he looked up at me and explained, “I play the drums every night. That’s how I keep sane. That’s how I calm myself down when unpleasant things happen. Riding Susumi is also good, but I can’t get to the stables every day, so this is still the best way to de-stress. Come here and try it.” He got off the stool, passed the stick in his left hand to his right, and motioned me forward with his free hand. “Nobody will hear a thing. This room is soundproof. So just hit the drums as hard as you can. You’ll feel better, I promise.” He held the drumsticks out.
I stepped up to him and took them, eager to try my hands at the drums, though I was still a little hesitant. “I don’t know how to play any instruments.” 
He scratched his chin. “It probably isn’t too healthy,” he mused, “but just pretend you’re hitting the people who are pissing you off.”
I could so do that. There were so many people I wanted to beat up—Dad, and Mum, and Ms. Psychotic, and Acacia, and the list went on.
True to Sasuke’s words, I felt a whole lot better after the drumming session. I sounded atrocious, of course, but Sasuke bore with it, allowing me to take all my anger out at once. As a bonus, I even got to hear Sasuke sing a short demo of his new single. His buttery voice sounded absolutely fantastic. He then took me out to dinner. I had the tastiest meal of my life and shared the most unforgettable cup of ice cream with him. 
Today was the best day of my life. Yesterday had been the worst.
What a contrast. 
When he finally took me home, it was 7.30 PM. I loved his company, but he had to have other things to do so I didn’t want to keep him any longer. “Sasuke, thank you so much…for everything.”
“Don’t worry about it. Go have a hot bath and a good rest. If you need anything, call me.” He held my gaze, lingering and not saying goodbye as I’d thought he would. “And you sure you’ll be fine by yourself?”
I nodded then grabbed a fresh towel from my wardrobe and, smiling unreservedly at my favourite person in the world, prompted, “You should get going. Get some rest too. See you in school tomorrow.”
He smiled so widely, his eyes formed two upward arches. “See you.”
After he’d left, I had a long, hot shower. When I finally came out, I didn’t feel like sleeping after having slept so much already, so I decided to do something I hadn’t done in years—tidy my room.
First, I picked every piece of clothing up off the floor and tossed them in the washing machine in the bathroom. Then, I threw away the rubbish before clearing the floor of objects and putting them back where they were supposed to be—books on shelves, stationary in the stationary holder, bags and shoes in the cupboard. Last of all, I turned to my double bed to make it for the first time in my life. I’d just started pulling at the covers when the doorbell rang.
My mood plummeted to rock bottom at once. My father wasn’t home yet, so it had to be policemen sending my father home in his drunken stupor. At first I just stood there—not wanting to move—but the doorbell kept ringing. Irascibly, I dragged my feet to the first level to get the door. 
When I opened the front door, I saw somebody at the gates, diligently pressing the doorbell, but it wasn’t the police. Even after all this time, I knew her. I would’ve recognised her anywhere. It was my mother.
Chapter 11
Truth

I hadn’t seen her in seven years. Unable to react, I stayed rooted to the spot and stared, my arms rigid at my sides.
All these years, I’d hoped and hoped for her return, so I’d given a lot of thought to what I would say when I saw her again. But now that she’d finally shown up, I seemed to have forgotten everything I’d rehearsed. 
She looked no different—her diamond-shaped face was still thin and sharp with minimal makeup on—she’d never liked caking her face with powder—her long black hair was still curled and dyed brown, and her body still lean and curvy. Nothing had changed but, somehow, she just seemed so different...and strange...
“Averie?” Was her voice the same? “Is your dad home?”
Stiffly, I shook my head. I wasn’t sure if I could speak; something hard seemed to be lodged in my parched throat. 
“Great,” she said with a sigh, clearly relieved. “I need to speak to you, honey. Can we talk in the house?”
It was a few moments before I nodded dumbly. It felt really weird looking at my mother now. It was like I didn’t know her. “Okay.” Turned out I could speak after all.
She tapped the gates. “You need to open these for me, dear,” she said with a small smile.
I pushed a switch on the wall next to the front door, and the gates swung slowly open. She walked in, and my body grew tenser with each step she took. She had no baggage with her, aside from a small tote bag. So she wasn’t planning on staying…
“I miss you so much, baby. I can’t believe how big you’ve grown!” She swept me into a big bear hug, squeezing me so tightly I had difficulty breathing.
“I can’t breathe,” I wheezed. 
She snapped out of the embrace, holding my shoulders instead. “Sorry.”
“It’s okay,” I muttered uneasily, standing very straight. She felt like a stranger to me.
“Let’s go to your room, okay?”
I nodded mechanically and headed upstairs with my mother. As we passed through the house to get to my room, she asked the obvious question, “Why is the house wrecked? Were you robbed? Is everyone all right?”
“It’s a long story,” I told her simply, my mouth feeling very dry.
“Tell me about it later?” she insisted, a worried look etched deeply on her face.
I nodded, even though I had no idea how to break the news of Dad’s complete breakdown.
She followed me into my room. “It’s pretty clean and neat in here,” she remarked, so casually I couldn’t stand it. Didn’t she feel awkward meeting me—as I did meeting her—after being apart for so many years?
Out of habit, I locked my bedroom door, and she asked, completely baffled, “Why do you have to lock the door?”
“To keep myself safe,” I said matter-of-factly. Her eyebrows pulled together tightly, so I said again, “It’s a long story.”
She sat down on my unmade bed. “Tell me. I have time to listen.”
“Before that, let’s talk about what’s brought you here, shall we?” I said in a sharp tone, clearly hurting her feelings, but I ignored the wounded look on her face. I wasn’t about to feel sorry for her just yet. I wasn’t even sure I’d be able to forgive her for leaving me to fend for myself when I needed her most. Everything hung on her explanation. 
After a brief moment of silence, she opened her mouth to speak, her gaze flitting anxiously around the room. “Well...I—” Her eyes suddenly fixed on something behind me.
“What’s that behind your door?” she asked agitatedly, leaping off my bed. She reached my door in a few steps and grabbed my uniform off its hanger. With a heavy frown, she read the school crest. “Black Gold! Why do you have Black Gold uniform in your room?”
“I’m not in the mood for games!” I snapped, folding my arms across my chest. “You were the one who got me to enrol in Black Gold.”
“Me? How did I get you to enrol in Black Gold?” she said in bewilderment. The puzzled expression on her face was driving me crazy.
I stomped to my bedside table and fumbled through its drawer’s content, pulling out the note she’d left on the doorstep just weeks ago. I shoved the note at her. “This isn’t funny at all.”
She took the note from me, looking at it as though she’d never seen it before. “This didn’t come from me, I swear. This is too scary.” She grimaced. “No way would I ask you to go to Albion Savant—he’s the one making our lives difficult!”
I stared at her blankly, too stunned to say anything. Who would’ve pulled such a lousy prank on me? It made no sense at all.
“Quickly pack some clothes, Averie. I need you to come with me. This place isn’t as safe as I thought, and there’s someone you have to meet.”
“Who?” I demanded, wanting to get to the bottom of things before we headed anywhere else.
“Someone important to both of us.”
“Gabriel?” I tried. “My real dad, Archangel Gabriel?”
“Huh?” blurted my mother in response, looking more confused by the minute. “What are you talking about?” 
Well, it certainly seemed that the two of us were on very different pages here.
“Dad isn’t my biological father,” I explained impatiently, not bothering to tone down the annoyance in my voice. “My real father is Archangel Gabriel, or so I was told.”
“Who told you that?” she mused, her eyes trained unnervingly on mine.
“Sir Albion.”
She sighed suddenly, looking relieved. “It’s a blessing that man doesn’t know whose child you really are. So you know all about the archangels already?”
I sighed. “I don’t know if I know everything,” I said jadedly, “but I’ve found out a lot about them in recent weeks.”
“You’ve been completely misled, Averie. Gabriel isn’t your father, Lucifer is. Archangel Lucifer.”
Seized by shock, I collapsed onto my knees. Mum hurried over, bending down to help me up. “You’ve got to be kidding me,” I told her weakly, feeling numb. 
Please don’t let Lucifer be my father.
“I wouldn’t lie about that, sweetheart. Lucifer is your—”
I cut her off hastily, “Maybe there’s some kind of a mistake?”
“Why are you finding it so hard to believe?” she asked, a bemused expression on her face.
“He’s the bad guy!” I retorted, unable to believe I even had to explain this. “Nobody wants a bad guy for a father!”
“Lucifer isn’t the bad guy, Averie,” she said, frowning. “Don’t blindly believe everything people tell you. From what I understand, they might very well be turning you against your father to take him down.”
So he’d raped someone’s daughter-in-law for revenge, fathered a poor boy to take all the blame for his appalling crime, and he wasn’t a bad guy. It was just too convincing.
I stalked to my wardrobe, grabbed some clothes, emptied my backpack, and stuffed the clothes into it. Slinging it over my shoulder, I grabbed the passport Sir Albion had finally given back then turned to my mother and said, “Take me to Lucifer. I want to hear from him in person.”
* * * *
In an SIA aircraft on the way to Seoul, Korea, I sat next to my mother in the first class cabin, but I was in no mood to enjoy the luxury. Our final destination was Vancouver, Canada, and to get there, we still had to go through another three plane transfers after this one. The entire journey was more than thirty hours, and the thought of sitting through the long hours with a mother who felt like a stranger to me was stressing me to breaking point. Not to mention being on my way to meet another stranger, who was allegedly my biological father.
I sighed tiredly. Life was so complicated lately.
Afraid to look directly at her in case it sparked off any awkwardness between us, I stole a peek at my mother and found her fumbling for something in her bag. Seeing her again still felt extremely surreal to me, and I kept wondering if it really was happening. After all, it had been seven years since she’d left. Seven long years... 
“You never answered my question,” I said. “Why did you only come back now?” 
She turned to me, watching my face intently with an incomprehensible expression. I squirmed uneasily under her fixed gaze. “I’ve been by Lucifer’s side all these years. He isn’t feeling that well, and I couldn’t bear to leave his side.”
Anger blazed fiercely within me. “So you could bear to leave my side? Is that what you mean?”
“There’s no need to get angry,” she sighed, her voice strained. “Lucifer’s your father. You don’t want him to be battling nasty health issues alone, do you?”
“What health issues?” I asked, not bothering to keep the harshness out of my voice. I was still pretty unsure of how I felt toward Lucifer.
She rubbed her temples, looking distraught. “He’s...rather frail. He never fully recovered from some old injuries.”
“Oh,” I said, just to acknowledge her explanation. 
My mother took it the wrong way. “He’s your father, Averie,” she snapped incredulously. “How can you be so indifferent toward him?”
“Well, I’m sorry, but he’s a father I’ve never so much as caught a glance of,” I said with more spite than I’d intended. It was easy for her to rebuke me because she had no idea what I was going through. A few weeks ago I had a completely normal human dad. Then someone came along and told me he wasn’t my dad. Archangel One—character unknown—was. I’d accepted that after a while but then my missing-for-seven-years mother came along and bombarded me with the news that Archangel Two—a villain—was my real dad instead. What exactly was I supposed to believe?
I honestly had no clue. At this point I was beginning to think I would rather not have a dad at all.
Her expression softened as she spiralled into apology mode. “Averie, I’m sorry we couldn’t be there with you these couple of years, but trust me, we never meant to leave you. We were moving around so much, there was no way you could have come with us. I had to entrust you to Morgan.” That was so ironic, it was almost funny; Dad couldn’t even handle his own life, let alone mine. “I knew I could trust him with you. He promised me when we got married that he’d treat you as his own. Averie, it was for the best.” She paused, checking my reaction. 
She was probably hoping I would go easier on her with that explanation, but I kept my face carefully blank. She’d selfishly decided everything on her own then claimed it was for the best. Fine. What more could I say? 
“Lucifer and I are living in Richmond at the moment, but we’ll be on the move again soon,” she continued wearily after several moments of harsh silence. “This time, however, we’ll be settling down permanently. That’s why I came back for you.”
“You could have called. Checked on me,” I pointed out. There was a blatant edge to my voice. 
“Things aren’t always as they seem. Averie, I have my reasons—”
“And excuses,” I threw in fierily, but she ignored me.
“Although we travel around the world for trade and business, it still goes back to that horrid Albion Savant. He wouldn’t let your father off, and he’s bent on tracking him.” 
Sir Albion had always thought Lucifer was trying to make a comeback and create more mayhem. That’s why the old man was tracking him. Now, it was my job to find out if Lucifer really was going to start something terrible again before deciding on my next course of action. I needed the whole story behind this drama, not just bits and pieces.
“It’s a good thing your father’s condition has been getting better recently,” she went on. 
“Why is that?” 
“He told me he absorbed some amazing powers.”
“What kind of powers?”
She shrugged. “I’m not sure.”
“Oh.”
“Do you want to know how I met your father?” asked my mother suddenly, surprising me a little.
Well, I certainly did want to know that. How on earth does a human meet an archangel? And a fallen one at that. Definitely something worth hearing. “Okay, why not?”
“I’ll keep things short,” she said, lowering her voice so only I could hear her, even though there was a lot of space between us and the other passengers. “Twenty years ago, I wasn’t married to Morgan yet. I’d been on a nursing attachment in Peninsula, Malaysia and, one night after work—a couple of weeks into the attachment—there was a sudden loud crash in the garret of the house I was renting. When I went to investigate, I found Lucifer gasping in a pool of silvery liquid. I was completely unnerved. He looked like he was in agony, and I wanted to rush him to a hospital, but he stopped me. He told me he would be fine in no time because he had an extraordinary healing ability. I didn’t buy it. Which is why he told me he was an archangel. Of course, I didn’t believe that either, so he showed me his wounds. All the silvery liquid in the garret came from there. He told me it was his blood. No human has silver blood. I had to accept it, even though part of me still doubted. I slowly nursed him back to health, and saw his healing ability for myself. After that, I believed his story entirely.”
“What happened with me?” I asked my mother. “When was I conceived?”
“Nineteen years ago, honey.” 
I was so annoyed, I almost rolled my eyes at my mother. Was she trying to be cute? Of course I knew I was conceived nineteen years ago. 
I can count.
“You know what I mean,” I told her sharply.
“After living together for some time,” she said faintly, looking resigned, “we fell in love and had you.” 
My forehead furrowed. “Why did Lucifer leave you then?” I asked in frustration. “How did you end up marrying Dad? Even in my earliest memories, we’re living with Dad in that same house.”
“Remember the time I went away on a one month assignment in a hospital in the US?”
I nodded after a brief moment. “The year I turned eleven. You went to New York after my birthday.”
“Yes, that’s right. New York. I ran into Lucifer there. I never thought I would see him again. I didn’t even try looking for him, because he’d left no clue about his whereabouts when he left. Well, it turned out Lucifer was afraid we wouldn’t be safe with him. He knew Albion Savant would come for him one day, so to avoid being tracked down by the Savants, he’s been on the move since the day he left us.”
“But how did Dad come into the picture?” I demanded.
“I went back to Singapore after the attachment in Malaysia. Morgan has always been…into me. He looked me up a couple of months after I came back, and when he found out I was pregnant, he offered to marry me. I accepted his offer to give you a better life.”
I swallowed hard, bracing myself. The question I was about to ask was very important to me. “Dad’s really known from the start that I’m not his kid?”
“He knows,” she said, and I suddenly found a new respect for Dad’s magnanimity. So he knew, and yet he still treated me like his own daughter. “Morgan is a great man…” Shutting her eyes, she continued with a hint of regret in her voice, “But I couldn’t love him. I couldn’t forget Lucifer no matter how hard I tried.”
“Maybe you didn’t try hard enough?” I suggested adamantly. “Aren’t you moved by what Dad did for you?”
“Being moved and being in love are two entirely different things. You’ll understand one day, Averie, when you meet the love of your life.”
Sasuke’s handsome face immediately popped into my mind. Right now, I was crazy over everything about him. Before I’d boarded the plane to Seoul, I’d sent him a message through WhatsApp to tell him where I was headed. Relaying everything I’d found out last night, I asked him not to say a word to anyone, and to tell Sir Albion I was sick when I failed to turn up for training.
Following that, my mother did her best to catch up with my life. Asking me every aspect of it, she eventually got dangerously close to the topic of Dad.
“Why do you have to lock your bedroom?” she asked.
“To prevent Dad from wrecking it like he did the rest of the house,” I told her truthfully, watching her reaction closely.
“Why?” she cried, her wide, round eyes transfixed on mine.
“He...erm...” I explained slowly, treading cautiously around the topic, “turned to drinking after you left... Whenever he’s drunk, he takes his rage out on everything in the house...” 
The shock on her face transformed into worry in an instant. “Does ‘everything’ include you?” she asked, concern lacing her voice.
“No. I stay out of his way,” I lied, deciding to leave out the horrid incident that happened just the day before yesterday. I had got a feeling she’d overreact and blow things out of proportion. It might not have mattered if Dad did it by mistake or not.
She exhaled heavily. “What’s up with Morgan? He doesn’t have to do that to himself.”
“He’s never gotten over the fact that you took off by yourself. You’re too important to him.” Frowning, I found myself defending Dad. “You should’ve explained things to him properly instead of leaving without a word.” My frown deepened. I felt like I was the mum here, and it exasperated me no end. “That was really irresponsible.” 
For a long time, my mother didn’t say anything. I waited impatiently until she finally spoke. “I didn’t know how to face him…so I simply left without a word.” She sighed, her eyelids closing for a moment. “You’re right. I shouldn’t have done that.”
I pressed on, feeling the need to set Dad’s life on the right path again. “Promise me you’ll make things clear to Dad and help him get back on his feet,” I said to my mother uncompromisingly. “You’re probably the only one who can.”
She nodded after a short pause. “I promise.”








Chapter 12
Meeting Lucifer

It was early morning. After checking out at Vancouver International Airport, my mother handed me the winter coat she’d bought me at Changi Airport before putting hers on. “Put that on, Averie, it’s really cold outside.”
“How will the journey proceed from here onwards?” I asked as I tugged the bulky red coat on. She’d almost bought me a bright pink one, but I’d stopped her in time. I hadn’t worn pink since I was a kid. I didn’t hate the colour—didn’t hate any colour—it just wasn’t me anymore. When my mother asked about it, I told her that seven years was a long time, that a lot could change in seven years, but she didn’t get it. Maybe to her those seven years weren’t as long as they’d felt to me?
“A car is waiting for us,” she said as I followed her to the terminal’s exit. 
When we were outside, she put her arm around my shoulders then cut through the crowd knowingly, walking to one of the many vehicles parked there—a classy black sedan that screamed money. Lucifer had to be filthy rich. With the first class plane seats, I’d already known a thing or two; this just confirmed he really was well-to-do. For someone constantly on the run, he seemed to be doing so in a very luxurious manner.
A short trip later, we pulled up at a modern loft made up of dashing penthouse units. The concierge recognised my mother, nodding in acknowledge as we passed through the lobby and headed upstairs in an elegant glass elevator. We came to floor 24 within a minute, and my mother led the way down the hallway. Stopping before unit 754, my mother reached into her tote bag, fished out a silver key, and stuck it into the keyhole, unlocking the chic five-panel white wooden door.
“Luce?” she called out as we entered, her voice ringing through the unit, and I grimaced. I found it a little hard to believe that my mother actually had a pet name for Lucifer—in my mind, he was uber-tough, a villain straight out of a movie—but I brushed it off quickly. I wasn’t here to investigate this.
“Come on into the sitting room,” a silvery but masculine voice said.
My heart rate picked up. It was ironic that I was actually eager to meet him now; not too long ago, I would’ve given anything to prevent it.
My mother took my hand and led me into the sitting room, but we jerked to a halt by the television at the front of the room. We weren’t alone. There were a lot of people in the room—people I knew.
“Why are you all here?” I asked, more bewildered than I’d ever been in my life. 
Sasuke, Sir Albion, Alary, Atward—Archangel Israfel—Acacia and Asa were all here, scattered around the contemporary, black-and-white room. With the exception of Atward, they were stiff and alert and unsmiling, and they all had their watchful eyes trained on the only man in the room I didn’t recognise.
Lucifer.
Realisation suddenly struck me—it had to be the only person I’d told this address to. “Sasuke,” I said, in a voice so cold, so accusing, I barely recognised it as my own. 
“I didn’t mean to—” Sasuke said anxiously.
“You don’t trust me.” I’d wanted to sound harsh, but my voice come out sounding pathetically wounded.
“No!” he cried, pointing at the stranger. He was the only one sitting down in the room, an amused look on his face. “I don’t trust him. He’s Lucifer. I was worried you’d be deceived by him. You wouldn’t be safe with him.”
“He’s my father—what can he do to me? Originally, everything is probably going to turn out all right, but your unnecessary concern messes things up!” There was a sharp intake of breath as I finished, and for half a second, I regretted my words; the hurt glint in Sasuke’s eyes was undeniable. It was the truth, though. He’d really messed things up. Now, I could only hope things wouldn’t get out of hand.
Sir Albion decided to step in at this point. “Now that everyone is gathered as you’ve requested…” So they’d all been waiting for me and my mother. “…let’s negotiate. To start, I want to know exactly what you’ve been doing, and why.”
The amused look still on his face, Lucifer laughed. He crossed his long legs with a single smooth movement, his distinctive voice—resembling Atward’s beatific one in some ways—echoing in the room, and I took a moment to look, really look, at my real father. 
His lustrous dark brown locks were slicked back so perfectly, not a strand was out of place. Like Atward, he had a distinguished bearing about him and stunning good looks—heavenly brown eyes that had such bottomless, otherworldly depth, you’d run the risk of losing yourself in them; flawless, manly brows; high, chiselled cheekbones; a completely symmetrical straight-edged nose; and exquisite full lips that were naturally turned up even when he wasn’t smiling—but there was something more to him, something a human body couldn’t possess: a subtle, divine glow that poured out from deep within him. It put people in a daze, and that inexpressible feeling was just hard to believe; I couldn’t help but keep checking if he really was real. 
He dressed like a human as well—in a black cashmere sweater and sand-coloured trousers—and he looked like he was in twenties. My mother looked so much older than him, and I seemed more like his sister than his daugh—
No, wait. 
I didn’t look like his sister either. I didn’t look one bit like him. He was a white man with looks so dazzling, it was out of this world. I was yellow-skinned and looked like my mother. 
There was no way I could be his kid. 
But then again, why did my mother insist I was? There was no reason for her to lie. 
And what about Asa? He was supposed to be Lucifer’s son, and he looked nothing like Lucifer either. He looked so much like his mum... Perhaps nephilims only took after their human mothers, appearance-wise? 
Lucifer cocked his head and drummed his fingers on his thigh. Staring ahead at nothing in particular, he said in a haughty and provoking tone, “That depends on what you’re talking about.” 
Literally smoking in aggravation, Sir Albion rolled his eyes. It was the first time I’d seen him so unnerved, and it weirded me out horribly. “Are you planning to try a comeback? If you are, you’d better reconsider. As you can see, I have the resources to bring you down again anytime.”
Running his beautiful fingers—saying that of my own father sounded so terribly wrong, but every part of him really was impossibly exquisite—through his glistening hair, Lucifer gave Sir Albion a cocky smirk. “Are you sure you’re watching your back carefully enough?”
Sir Albion snickered. “I have six trained nephilims on my side,” he said in a mocking voice. “You have only one—one who is unable to use her ability. Are you sure you should be the one laughing here?”
Personal attack aside, I wanted to protest that I wasn’t on Lucifer’s—or anyone else’s—side until I figured out what was going on, but Atward beat me to speaking. 
“Brother.” He’d been standing in the open balcony with an arm around Asa’s shoulders, but now he came forward and stopped a few meters from Lucifer, who was sitting at the shorter end of a L-shaped, dark leather sofa right in the middle of the room. “We need to communicate.”
“We have no intention of trying a comeback, or anything like that. We just want to be able to lead our lives peacefully,” declared my mother indignantly in Lucifer’s place.
“Peacefully, huh? What’s the meaning of the murder of a fifteen-year-old girl then? Months ago, the host of Gemini, Jamila Green, went missing and hasn’t been seen since,” retorted Sir Albion, his eyes never leaving Lucifer. “Please, shed some light on the matter.”
My mother looked genuinely derailed. It seemed like she didn’t know what Lucifer had been up to, and I was totally relieved to know that. At least she wasn’t involved in a crime that heinous. “What has a missing girl got to do with us? Not every crime in this world has something to do with us, just so you know.”
Nobody spoke after that. Thankfully, the perturbing quietness in the room was short-lived.
“That sacrifice was necessary,” said Lucifer with nonchalance, while I flinched slightly at that confession. He’d taken the life of a young girl, claiming it was necessary… 
Just what kind of a person—or rather, archangel—is he?
“Necessary for you to enhance your powers!” sneered Sir Albion in disgust.
“I have no intention of engaging in further conflicts with you, my beloved nephew. I merely need my health back.” Lucifer rose from his classy sofa with easy grace. “Putting aside the serious talk, I have yet to take a good look at my great-grandniece and nephew.” He started striding toward the fireplace where Acacia was standing with Alary, but Sir Albion and Alary shifted into protective stances at once. 
“Whoa.” Lucifer frowned, stopping in his track. “There’s no need to get hostile. We are family.”
“What did you want Gemini for?” asked Atward evenly.
“To get my body into shape, of course. Who do you think is responsible for this?” snapped Lucifer, directing daggers at Sir Albion as he dropped his high spirited act for the first time.
Even though Lucifer was my father, I felt I had to speak for justice, “If you didn’t start a mutiny twenty years ago, things wouldn’t be the way they are now.”
“Averie!” My mother shushed me. “You should be standing on your father’s side, not—”
“I’m not standing on anyone’s side,” I declared, flashing everyone in the room a meaningful look. I hoped I’d gotten my message across to all of them.
No one said anything following my declaration; everyone was in a daze. The only person who actually gave me a reaction was Atward—he smiled approvingly at me.
“This negotiation is not getting us anywhere,” Sir Albion said brusquely.
“I stay out of your way, and you stay out of mine. It’s as simple as that,” said Lucifer just as curtly. “I’m not trying anything, if that’s what you want to hear. I only want to reunite with my family.” His sharp, dark eyes—the same shade of ash brown as his hair—looked into mine for the first time, and I froze. Just as I’d thought, it really was easy to get lost in those unearthly eyes. “All you Savants have to do is stop interfering in our lives.”
A BlackBerry on the side table next to Lucifer suddenly vibrated, snapping me out of my trance. He picked it up and scrolled through a message. 
“Brother.” Atward walked right up to Lucifer. “Promise me you won’t ever hurt another soul, and we’ll leave.”
“All right, all right. I won’t hurt another soul after today,” promised Lucifer impatiently as he slipped his BlackBerry into his pocket. “Please leave.”
“Why should we trust you?” demanded Sir Albion.
“I want to trust my brother,” said Atward calmly. 
“It doesn’t matter if you do or not,” seethed Lucifer. In the space of a heartbeat, he’d vanished, reappeared next to Acacia, grabbed her by the neck and vanished again then reappeared with Acacia, near me and my mother. Drawing a handgun from behind the television set, he wheeled around then pointed it at the side of Acacia’s head.
I stopped breathing. Everyone else turned still too. Nobody had been expecting this.
Surprising everyone, Asa spoke first. “Let me take her place while you sort things out?” He stepped into the living room.
Unable to believe my ears, I gaped at Asa. His voice...the look in his eyes...they never wavered. Shock slammed into me with the impact of a hurricane. He didn’t hesitate at all to put Acacia’s life before his own. This was his life—his one precious life—and he was willing to give it away so readily for the sister who’d always treated him like dirt. 
Clearly, Acacia had the same realisation. “Asa...” she gasped, a shroud of utter surprise and disbelief draping her ashen face as she stared wide-eyed at him. 
Looking exhilarated, Lucifer glanced from Asa to Sir Albion. “I’ll have to admit this—your boy has guts.”
Atward sighed. “Calm down and let Acacia go. You know we aren’t here to fight,” he said, keeping his tone gentle. 
Lucifer ignored him. “There’s one thing I’ll never be able to take lying down—the humiliation I’ve suffered all of this time,” he hissed at Sir Albion as he locked his arm tighter around Acacia’s neck. “You and that damn Michael... But there’s one thing you’ll never be able to feel smug about. I’ll do you a favour and enlighten you. Whatever you do, death will still catch up to you. It’s only a matter of time.”
Sir Albion looked like he wanted to lash back at Lucifer, but seeing Acacia under threat, he toned it down. “You can shoot me, I won’t even move, but leave the kids out of it.”
Lucifer shifted the gun to point at Sir Albion. “Now you said it—”
Asa zapped between Sir Albion and the gun. He stared into the weapon with his back straight and an unfaltering look on his face.
“Quit it!” snapped Atward, finally losing his patience.
“You like to play the hero, don’t you?” Lucifer grinned at Asa, amusement flashing in his eyes. “I admire your guts, but you have to know I won’t hesitate to shoot you, brat.” Lucifer’s finger on the trigger moved, ever so slightly.
“No! No! No!” I yelled in absolute horror, bolting forward. My mother was shouting behind me, but I couldn’t care at this point. “You can’t shoot him! He’s your—”
Asa and Sir Albion collapsed as gunshots roared in my ears. Someone gripped my forearm, there was the wrench of teleporting, and I found myself in a new room with only Lucifer and my mother.
“That felt good.” Lucifer smiled to himself, looking satisfied. “I never expected to have the grand reunion today, but it was great.”
I found it hard to breathe, still trapped in disbelief. “Why did you shoot Asa?” My voice was barely audible, but it was the best I could do.
Lucifer narrowed his eyes, regarding me with a strange expression. “I could sense it. That Asa boy spelled trouble, so I got rid of him before he became a threat to us.”
“He’s your son!” I hollered then broke down, sinking to the floor in a complete emotional wreck.
Everything Asa had said before came flashing through my mind. He was the bravest and most forgiving person I’d ever met. Someone that brilliant should never have died so young. And Sir Albion… I wouldn’t want him dead either. He might not be the most likable person around, but he didn’t deserve to die like this. No one deserved to die at the hands of another. No one in had the right to take the life of another.
Not even an archangel.
Swallowing hard, I looked up at Lucifer and lost it. “He’s the son conceived by Alary’s wife after you raped her thirteen years ago. You shot your own son, idiot!” 
For a fleeting moment, there was a hint of surprise in Lucifer’s eyes, but it was gone as quickly as it had come. “That’s some news. I didn’t know that.” He made himself comfortable on a couch in our new environment and invited my mother to the spot next to him. She sat as she was beckoned, looking as shaken as I was. “Not that it matters. There was no way I would’ve recognised the kid. The Savants must’ve kept him hoping to get something out of it.” He snickered in a voice so vile, I couldn’t tolerate it. “He’s not my son.”
Completely appalled, I leapt forward and punched Lucifer in the face with all the strength I could muster. I’d never detested someone as much as I detested Lucifer now. 
My mother let out a yelp. “Averie!” she scolded, but I took no notice.
“It’s not up to you to decide that, bastard!” My voice creaked terribly, but I was too shaken to care. 
The corner of his lips bled from the impact of my punch, and his blood was, indeed, silver. “My dear,” said Lucifer, following a short silence. His tone was infuriatingly relaxed. “Today is the first time I’m seeing you, and you’re getting all worked up over our nemesis.” Calmly, he swiped the silver blood on his face away with a finger. “I understand that you’re in shock, but you need to get a grip on yourself.”
He was actually right. I needed to get a grip. I needed to get back to the Savants. I needed to know how they were doing. Maybe they were injured but not dead. Nephilims were sturdy, after all. They didn’t die easily.
“Take me back to that apartment,” I demanded, clenching my hands into fists to keep from shaking.
“Do you have any idea what you’re saying?” said my mother in disbelief. “We can’t go back. They’ll get us.”
“They won’t!” I snapped. “Take me back!”
“They’re gone by now,” said Lucifer. To my exasperation, that actually sounded logical. Of course they would be gone. They needed to get treatment for Asa and Sir Albion. “Perhaps you’re not aware, but they don’t die easily. I pulled the trigger to make them understand I won’t hesitate to silence them if they ever get on my nerves.”
But where would they go? 
Probably back to Singapore. They’d gotten here before me, which meant they’d zapped here and probably didn’t have any papers. They would only be able to go to a hospital in Singapore. Besides, that was the safest place to go to get away from Lucifer.
“Get me home, then,” I tried, even though I knew I wouldn’t be getting my way. Still, I had to try something.
Anything and everything.
As expected, my mother put her foot down. “You won’t be going anywhere.” Her face said ‘no room for negotiation,’ and I wanted to protest that she had no right to be acting like a mother after being MIA for seven years, but rationally, I saw no point in arguing with them. I couldn’t teleport like a normal nephilim, and I had no Canadian currency or credit card to pay for a flight back to Singapore. Simply put, I was stranded here, and I had no choice but to follow my parents around.
I was so pathetic.
And hold on. The Savants couldn’t go to a hospital in Singapore either. No civilian in Singapore owned a gun. The hospital was required by law to report gunshot wounds, and the police would do everything in their power to get to the bottom of the matter. The Savants couldn’t risk that.
God. 
Where in the world would they go?
Maybe Inverness? It was Sir Albion’s hometown.
Okay, that didn’t make sense either. And even if they did go there, there was no way I would be able to find them.
Tears of frustration streamed down my face, and I slapped myself inwardly. I needed to calm down, not waste my time and energy crying.
“So we’ll be staying here?” I asked as I wiped tears off my face, deciding not to act rashly for once and get some time alone to calm down and make a real plan. “Where in the world are we anyway? I do have the right to know that, don’t I?”
“For the time being, yes,” said Lucifer. “We’re still in Vancouver, just a few streets from the previous apartment.”
“Where is my room? I’m tired. I want to get some rest.” 
“You get to pick any room in the house,” he told me.
Not bothering with a reply, I headed off to work out a plan.


Chapter 13
Aries vs. Enepsigos

I needed Wi-Fi, I decided as I stepped into the first bedroom I saw along the corridor on the first floor. After I’d shut the door, I dashed to the bed, dropped my backpack onto it, and rummaged for my iPhone, switching it on as I pulled it out. I desperately hoped there would be Wi-Fi in this house, however—just as I’d expected—there wasn’t. Or my parents were smart enough to turn it off. 
I tossed my iPhone back into my backpack and flopped down onto the bed. I didn’t have roaming, and there was no Wi-Fi. No way to contact Sasuke or anyone else to get me help.
Not giving up, I looked around the room, hoping to find some sort of communication device—a telephone, a computer with broadband, anything—but there was nothing useful in here, only gothic bedroom furniture and a flat-screen TV. 
I stood up and tiptoed outside to try the other rooms even though I had a feeling the chances of finding something useful were extremely slim. I’d managed to scour a couple of rooms in the big double-storey house—with zero success—before stumbling back on the sitting room by accident. My parents were still inside.
Damn! 
Instinct made me dive down behind the long, wood-trim sofa at once. 
It was a close call, but luckily, they hadn’t noticed me. I breathed a silent sigh of relief.
“And I need to hear it again,” said my mother in a troubled voice as I was about to crawl away from the scene. “You killed a fifteen-year-old?”
I stopped crawling and eavesdropped.
“I didn’t mean to take her life, but apparently, the extraction of an astrological spirit from a host results in immediate death,” explained Lucifer, hardly sounding remorseful.
“Is there no other way to get you better?” asked my mother, almost pleading.
“Not that I know of.”
“What are our plans now? You told me to go get Averie since we’ll be settling down soon, but now that we’ve aggravated the Savants, wouldn’t they be coming after us?”
“I’ve got everything under control,” Lucifer said, his voice rich with confidence. “I’ll get us all settled down within the week. Meanwhile, you should pick out your dream home with Averie. Anywhere in the world is fine, save for Singapore, and money isn’t an issue.”
“There’s another thing I have to discuss with you. It’s about Averie.”
I tensed at the mention of my name. I couldn’t see their faces, but the grave tone in my mother’s voice unnerved me a little.
“Go on, speak your mind,” prompted Lucifer.
“Look at this. Averie showed it to me when I picked her up. Can you think of anyone who would want to pass themselves off as me? The person even nailed my handwriting.”
Seconds later, I heard paper being crushed.
“This note is nothing to worry about. I know who’s behind it, and I’ll deal with her.” There was the sound of footsteps muffled by carpet, and I could see Lucifer from where I was crouching. “Evonne, I need you to go somewhere with me. Let’s go tell Averie before we leave.”
Shit. 
If they walked out now, I wouldn’t have time to get out of the sitting room. I needed an excuse to be here or they’d get suspicious. Quickly, I removed my gold locket—the only thing I had with me—and laid it on the floor next to me just before my mother and Lucifer busted me.
“Averie?” My mother frowned. “Why are you still here? I thought you went to rest in the one of bedrooms.”
“I dropped my locket,” I said matter-of-factly, pointing to the locket on the floor with the most innocent face I could conjure. “This was the only place in the house I’d been in other than my bedroom, so I came here looking for it.” I picked it up and slipped it around my neck and under my coat. “I heard you guys talking about going out. Go on. I’ll just shower and go to bed. Goodnight.” I made myself frown a little. “Come back soon, okay? Being alone in an unfamiliar house makes me a bit anxious.”
Whoa. I was quite impressed by my own lying skills; I thought I’d pulled it off pretty well. After all, this was my chance at escape. I couldn’t afford to screw it up now.
“Get some rest, and don’t try anything, all right?” said my mother as she watched my every move closely, not bothering to hide her distrust.
I nodded with a straight face, doing a really neat job at concealing my delight.
All this while, Lucifer had been staring at me with an unfathomable expression on his face, and I panicked a little, wondering if he was suspicious, but all he said was, “When you’re in trouble, Averie, ditch the locket. It’s an amulet meant to protect you.”
Okay, that was random, and the first time I’d been told to ditch an amulet in times of crisis. Weren’t you supposed to keep an amulet close?
“Oh. Erm…sure.” My mother’s sentimental words regarding the origins of the locket surfaced in my mind, and realisation sank in. “By any chance, did my locket come from you?”
“It did,” he said, and turned away.
“Where are we going?” my mother asked Lucifer as they started to stroll out of the sitting room. She kept glancing back at me apprehensively, so I started to walk as well, pretending I was heading back to my bedroom.
“Aquarius and Libra have arrived. We’re going to pick them up.”
“What do you mean, arrived?” I wondered aloud as Lucifer reached for the knob of the front door.
My mother and Lucifer both swivelled around to study me. 
Damn. Had I blown it?
“You can tell me your plans, I’m your kid.” Great, their expressions softened as they registered the ‘I’m your kid’ line. “I’m just curious.”
Briefly, Lucifer hesitated before saying, “My servant Enepsigos has successfully captured the hosts of Aquarius and Libra. When I have control of all three of my air spirits, the Savants won’t be a threat. I let them off easy just now, but if they ever try something again, I’ll crush them.” His forehead creased. “Remember, Averie,” he went on austerely, “you can never trust the Savants.” 
Who were the hosts of Aquarius and Libra again? I couldn’t remember the long list Sir Albion had once written for me, but it didn’t matter. Knowing the hosts’ identities was the least of my concerns right now.
“Are they going to die like Jamila Green did?” I said accusatively, incapable of keeping my contempt in check.
“They have to be sacrificed in order for our family to be well and complete,” said Lucifer as evenly as ever.
I turned to my mother, sending a hard stare her way. “Are you okay with that?”
Looking uncertain, my mother merely avoided eye contact with me and maintained her silence.
Throwing my hands up in disbelief, I pushed. “Are you okay with exchanging the wellness and completeness of another family for our own?”
When my mother didn’t say anything again, I turned back to Lucifer and looked him in the eyes. “If I were to ask you to let the hosts go, would you do it?”
“The house will be locked, but no worries, we’ll be right back.” Lucifer put an arm around my mother’s shoulders, giving her arm a reassuring squeeze. And with that, they exited the house, leaving me behind, dumbstruck.
Feeling more pissed off than ever, I flounced down onto the couch, only to spring out of it the second I sat down. 
I had to do something to stop Lucifer from killing the hosts.
Running to a window in the same direction as the front door, I tried to push it open, but it was locked. I tried all the other windows I could find, but they were all locked. 
Trapped in the house, I could only watch helplessly as my mother and Lucifer got into another pricey-looking black car and left. When the tall, automatic gates clicked shut behind them, I felt more powerless than ever. Even if I managed to get out of the house, I wouldn’t be able to climb over the fence.
It was hopeless. I kicked the cabinet in front of me in exasperation, and the impact made something crash loudly to the ground—an old-fashioned rotary dial telephone. 
That’s right. 
I had to fall back to my original plan and find a way to communicate with Sasuke. 
Hope was now right in front of my eyes, only I didn’t know how to dial Sasuke’s number from Vancouver. I paced around anxiously, when an idea suddenly struck me. Immediately, I raced to my bedroom. Grabbing my iPhone from my backpack, I ran back into the sitting room and plopped down onto the floor next to the precious old-fashioned telephone. My iPhone 5 would show me the country and area code. 
Quickly, I plugged the telephone into a nearby socket then searched for the required codes. When I had the numbers, I dialled them in hastily and added Sasuke’s number. For some maddening reason, the call didn’t get through, so I tried Chaste’s number instead. It rang. 
Thank goodness, she picked up fairly quickly. “Hello?”
“Chaste! I need a favour. Don’t ask questions. Just do as I ask, all right?”
“O-okay can,” she agreed readily, though she sounded pretty unnerved.
“Whatsapp Sasuke and tell him to come for me at this place I’ll be describing—” Shit, I forgot to check how the house looked like before I called. “—to you. Okay so far?”
“Erm, yes.”
“Hold on a minute.” I put down the receiver, walked to the adjacent corner of the sitting room, grabbed a knee-high wooden sculpture of a bird, trudged back to the telephone and, with two hands, threw it at the window I’d been unable to open. 
The glass cracked. When I flung the sculpture at the window a second time, it smashed to pieces as the sculpture flew through it. I picked up the telephone and set it on top of the cabinet before sweeping everything else—glass shards from the broken window and the other decorative objects—off as I clambered onto it. 
I had to swinging myself out the window. There were still fragments of glass left on the window frame, but I would have to do it. Swallowing my apprehension, I leapt through the window promptly and tumbled onto the lawn outside with a few cuts on my jeans-clad legs; the thick winter coat had managed to protect my arms from the sharp edges of the remaining glass. 
Not wanting to waste any time, I got up at once and dashed across the long stretch of lawn to the gates, seeing a sign that said ‘Blundell Road’ as I neared. With a good look at my surroundings taken, I hurried back to the broken window to continue my phone call.
“Chaste?”
“Oh my gosh!” she cried. “Are you all right? I heard loud crashes or something.”
“Calm down, Chaste. I’m fine. Now, listen closely, this is what you have to tell Sasuke. Tell him I’m a couple of streets from the loft, and that I’m in a house on Blundell Road. It’s in a remote area of the neighbourhood. It’s a large red brick house with a white roof and green windows. There is a green lawn at the front of the house and the gates are tall and black. Just whatsapp him everything I’ve said, and he’ll understand. Tell him to come quickly, okay? I’m going to hang up now. Have you got everything?”
“Yes, I got it.”
“Thanks, and please hurry!” 
I put the phone down and went to sit on the porch. Now, all I could do was wait for Sasuke and hope my parents wouldn’t be back before he arrived. 
Only a few seconds of waiting had ticked by, but I couldn’t stand the idleness any longer. I got up, deciding to look for escape routes myself instead of doing nothing. Exploring near the fences, I actively searched for any broken or loose parts, though the odds were really grim; the house was exasperatingly new and well-maintained. 
I combed the whole place in roughly half an hour, but to no avail. Losing hope, I returned to the porch dismally. 
Not too long later—a couple of minutes, probably—the loud rumble of a speeding vehicle snarled fiercely across the street. Inhaling sharply, I leapt to my feet, my heart pounding hard and fast against my ribs.
Anyone but my parents. Anyone but my parents. I prayed diligently. Please. Anyone but them.
A small yellow car screeched to an abrupt halt before the gates, and an enormous wave of relief gushed over me. Good grace. It wasn’t them.
The engine of the car stopped.
Could that be Sasuke? Hope rapidly peaked within me as I ran across the lawn. Please let it be Sasuke! 
The car door flew open and the driver got out, and it definitely wasn’t Sasuke because the driver was female. From here, that was pretty much the only thing I could make out.
Regardless, she could help me. I would just make up some story about being kidnapped and tell her to get the police to break me out. 
“Hey!” I yelled to her, beckoning for her to come closer. “Please help me! I need help!”
She slammed the door so hard, I almost fell over in surprise; it was a wonder the door didn’t come right off. Nevertheless, she came loping in my direction, but as she closed in on me, recognition kicked in. Absolute shock and bewilderment took me as I watched her approaching.
“Ms. Psy—Evaline? W-why are you here?”
Shocking me further, she gripped two adjacent poles of the metal gates and, with only her hands, pulled them apart, bending them wide enough that she slipped through easily. 
I was so shaken that I didn’t realise what was coming next until I felt it—a sharp blow to my stomach. The sudden offensive blow sent me toppling to the ground before sliding backward, all the way across the lawn and into the stone of the porch support. I tasted iron.
With that blow, I could establish two things: One—her arrival was nothing but trouble. Two—she definitely wasn’t human.
Across the lawn, Ms. Psychotic cackled—actually cackled—for a long moment. When she finally snapped out of it, she came hurtling toward me. I wanted to get up and away, but my body refused to cooperate. 
I’d barely managed to spit out a mouthful of blood before Ms. Psychotic threw herself to the ground next to me and breathed into my face, enunciating every syllable in a really sick way, “I—have—come—for—you.”
I didn’t have a chance to react because she seized me by the throat within a split second. Throttling me, she forced me to my feet. I tried prying her hands off, but she was too strong and I soon grew too weak to retaliate. When I was sure I was going to suffocate to death without even knowing why I was being attacked by my psychopath teacher—my inhuman psychopath teacher—she let me go. Elbowing me in the chin, she sent me flying again. 
Crashing through the broken window I’d escaped through not too long ago, I slammed into the gigantic screen of the LED TV then fell forward from the impact. The TV smashed to pieces, and I instinctively shielded my face from the flying fragments with my arms. Despite my fast reaction, some of them still managed to nick my face before I hit the ground—very painfully—and bowled straight into the coffee table. 
Curling up in agony, I groaned loudly while Ms. Psychotic wasted no time leaping ineptly through the window after me. In an instant, she had me by the throat again, slamming my head against the solid marble floor. My vision swam as her monstrous grip tightened. 
When the world came into focus again, Ms. Psychotic’s venomous glare bored through me. Facing the intense hatred in her eyes, I recoiled. I didn’t understand why she hated me so badly. I never had. 
At a sharp pain in my right calf, I gasped and, gazing down my body, found a glass fragment set in a deep cut just below my knee.
“I did so much for him, and what did I get in return? Nothing! Absolutely nothing! He didn’t even bother to make an effort to lie to me!” She ranted on, but I had no idea what or who she was talking about. Taking her distraction as a cue, I attempted to struggle out of her deadly grip. She didn’t even budge, but she did notice what I was trying to do and dealt me a hard, warning slap to the face. I wasn’t surprised when my eyesight blanked into darkness or when my hearing turned haywire. I was surprised my neck didn’t break. 
“Who?” I managed to wheeze out when I’d recovered, frustrated and puzzled by what the ‘him’ she was talking about had to do with me.
“Your heartless father!” she screeched into my face, as though it were a heinous crime that I didn’t know. 
The first person who came to mind was a regularly drunk Singaporean man, but it couldn’t be him. “Lucifer?” I grunted, going blue from the lack of air then made a desperate—and pointless—attempt to squirm out from under her.
“Yes!” she screeched again then started weeping. “Century after century, I’ve followed him, doing as he asks. I love him...” She paused, and I watched her staring into space. It was a long moment before she spoke again. “He told me to lure Chastity Tan out, and I did. It wasn’t my fault that you, you little slut—” My muscles tensed. I would have made a noteworthy response if I could have. “—and the other retarded kid decided to tag along!” 
So that’s why Chastity had been getting bizarre dreams during Chemistry—it was all Ms. Psychotic’s doing! But why did Lucifer want Chaste? She wasn’t an air sign…or maybe... She knew about Atward and Chaste! I got it now—he intended to use Chaste against the Savants! I was surprised I could still think so logically without oxygen supply to my brain. It was a pity I could only be this sharp on the brink of death. 
“Just today, I brought him the remaining two!” she rattled on. “The Aquarius boy was easy...”
How much evil had Lucifer done? How much more was he capable of? My eyelids drooped as I began to feel faint, and she snorted in amusement—clearly enjoying my suffering—then went back to sobbing. Highly unstable, for sure.
“But Libra?” she cried. I squinted. Her volume had suddenly shot up drastically, and twitching was the only movement I could make now. “I spent so much time getting him to fall in love with me! How else could I get him to follow me out of Singapore, despite the old man’s warning?” Her long, manicured nails bit deeper into the skin of my neck, and I felt my eyes rolling back in my head. “Does he have any idea how I had to degrade myself to seduce that gross security guard? And then all he said when I handed the hosts over was, ‘With that, your service is terminated’!” She halted her sobbing suddenly and darted a look of pure venom at me. Sadly, I actually gasped. “That slut! Your mother! It’s all her fault! Before he met that slut, things weren’t this way! He used to be mine! Mine! She took him from me!”
Piece by piece, things started to fall into place. She was Enepsigos—the servant Lucifer had mentioned—and she was positioned in Black Gold to get hold of the remaining air hosts. Judging by her inexplicable hostility toward me the day we met, she’d already known who I was back then.
Enepsigos leaned close, grinning too sweetly for it to bode well. “Now, it’s only fair that I take someone from her, too. How can you disagree with that? When you enrolled, I originally thought the old man would investigate your paternity and take care of you himself—only he didn’t. In hindsight, that’s a good thing, because now I get to enjoy the kill myself!”
She was the one behind that note…but the handwriting definitely belonged to my mother. I opened my mouth to speak, but all that would come out was a gagging sound.
“You have something to say?” She broke into another uncontrollable cackle then stopped abruptly and released her iron grip on my neck. “Go on, say it.”
I lapsed into a coughing fit. “How did you imitate my mother’s handwriting?” I rasped when I’d recovered enough breath.
“I have the amazing ability to perfectly transform into anyone I see. Isn’t that convenient? That’s the ability that awed Lucifer so much,” she revealed in a singsong voice, a smug smile on her face. “He used to value me so dearly…so dearly…until that slut came into the picture! She can have his children and I can’t…but who needs kids! She’s beautiful,” Enepsigos turned into another beautiful young woman then another and another, stopping after becoming a stunning European lady who was unquestionably of beauty queen standard, “but I can easily be a thousand times more attractive than she is!” She yanked me upright effortlessly, dealing me a second hit to the stomach before tossing me aside, and I wound up back on the floor. “I’ll be really generous and allow you a choice.”
On all fours, I gagged and gasped. “What. Choice?”
She flashed me that sick, malicious grin. “How do you want me to kill you? Come on, you get to pick!”
I stared at my attacker in absolute horror. This woman—thing—was twisted to the core.
“I said pick!” she spat in my face. 
A horrifying feeling smothered me, and my stomach reeled, ready to throw up everything. How the hell was I supposed to answer that?
“You’re a monster!” I found myself screaming, cracking under pressure.
“I am a monster!” she fired back, letting me go and standing suddenly. “To be completely accurate, I’m a demon.” She gave me yet another evil grin. “I am the majestic demon Enepsigos, and I just figured out the best way to do myself justice!”
A blast of wind ripped through the room, ramming me headlong into the brick and stone fireplace, where I smashed loudly into the logs. For a while, I lay there, crouched over from the pain. Then shock registered; I was so lucky the fireplace wasn’t lit. 
An unbearable shriek shook the room, and when I looked up between my gasps of agony, Enepsigos had transformed from beauty queen to an enormous two-headed creature. She had cracked reddish-black skin, seven angry auburn eyes of very different sizes, and a tuft of stiff straw-coloured hair on each of her heads. At least three meters tall and almost as wide, she had four long stick-like arms with three fingers on each hand, two stumpy legs, and a huge tail that looked so powerful one whip could easily kill someone. 
The sitting room was blasted into complete ruins, and when I met the demon’s many eyes, they opened wide with hunger—hunger for my blood. 
“I’m going to kill you slowly and painfully,” she notified me in a singsong voice—making me sick to the stomach again—then lunged at me.
Taking no notice of my body’s vehement protests, I commanded my gastric contents to stay, scrambled to my feet hastily, and barely managed to avoid being crushed to death. Leaving no time for me to catch a breath, the demon’s tail sliced through the air and struck me on my back, thrusting me forward. I flew across the room, choking on my own blood and feeling my ribs break. That last blow ripped my coat apart, and as I nosedived to the ground, my locket clattered noisily against the marble floor.
When you’re in trouble, Averie, ditch the locket. 
Remembering Lucifer’s advice, I grabbed my locket—wincing as I moved—wrenched it off my neck, and, with all the strength that was left in me, tossed it into the distance. As the locket left my hand, bam! a sudden tremor rumbled the house, startling me. 
Glancing back over my shoulder, I expected another attack by Enepsigos—which I probably wouldn’t survive—but instead, I saw hope in the form of a very breathless and shaken Sasuke tearing through what remained of the sitting room.
He arrived at my side seconds later, panting heavily. He looked every bit as tired as I would’ve expected him to be after combing the entire neighbourhood in search of this remote house. The stamina training with Sir Albion had finally been put to use. “Let’s get out of here,” he said, reaching forward to touch me, but I held up a hand to stop him. 
Every breath I took hurt so badly now that the earlier numbness was starting to fade away. I had to spit out more blood before I could speak. “Wait. Can’t leave.”
“Why?” he asked agitatedly. “You’re losing so much blood! If we don’t rush you to the hospital—”
“Remember what Atward told us?” I said with much difficulty. I hoped Sasuke wouldn’t pick up the suffering in my breathy voice. “I’ll be fine.”
Sasuke was unrelenting. “But—”
“Well, well, well, look at what we have here—the loving couple.” Enepsigos joined the conversation, sending a cold shudder down my spine. “You’re making me envious, little slut.” 
“Watch out for her,” I whispered to Sasuke as the demon continued her never-ending tirade. 
“What the hell is that thing?” whispered Sasuke back, his eyebrows furrowed deep.
“Ms. Psychotic,” I told Sasuke, and his eyes went broad with shock and, probably, disbelief. “We need…whereabouts of…Aquarius and Libra.” I paused and gritted my teeth; my ribs were hurting too much. “Fill you in later,” I said when I felt slightly better, seeing how confused Sasuke was. “First, we need to...move to a place where there—” I took in a sharp, painful breath. “—isn’t human nearby...or this monster might...”
“I understand,” said Sasuke, looping my arm around his neck and helping me up. It took all my willpower to keep from gasping out in pain. We then zapped off, materialising next to Enepsigos’s tail. Sasuke touched it with his free hand, and we took off again, teleporting to a dark new place with the giant monster in tow. Wherever we were, the sun had set, or hadn’t risen.
“What the fuck did you do?” snarled Enepsigos. Blind fury raging in her eyes, the monster stomped about in circles, thrashing her tail violently. Good thing nothing was close enough to be hit by it. 
We didn’t stay and wait to be struck when her tail came sweeping in our direction. Sasuke quickly zapped us off again, and we hid in the woods nearby, close enough to hear the demon’s rampage.
Sasuke looked at me, his expression increasingly distressed—his eyebrows were pulled tightly together into a deep frown, and his lips had formed a thin, hard line. “Averie, are you all right?” he asked as he rested me on the forest floor, against a tree.
“Yeah,” I assured him weakly. I didn’t have to look at him to know I wasn’t convincing him. Even I didn’t believe myself. 
It took him a few seconds to overlook my feeble reassurance, but he did. “We need a plan,” he said eventually. “We have to get the Savants to help.”
“I’ll keep this monster busy while you get the Savants—that’s right! Asa and Sir Albion! Are they—”
I jerked in surprise as a new voice spoke. “Averie, it’s nice to finally meet you, even though I would’ve preferred to have the meeting in a more peaceful setting.”
“What’s wrong?” asked Sasuke, his forehead crinkling more deeply than before.
“Didn’t you hear that?” I asked him desperately. I hadn’t gone berserk like Ms. Psychotic, had I? “Someone just spoke to me.”
Sasuke looked perplexed. “No—I didn’t hear anything.”
“Don’t panic.” The voice spoke again. “It’s just me. Aries.” 
“Oh, you.” I sighed loudly in relief. “Why are you speaking to me all of a sudden? I used to call you all the time, but you ignored me.”
“Huh?” Sasuke’s expression turned more bewildered by the second.
“I’m talking to Aries.”
“You manage to call on it?” 
I nodded.
“The locket Lucifer gave you was charmed to seal me away the moment I possessed you,” said Aries, “so that you wouldn’t be able to use my powers.”
“But why would he do that? Lucifer told me the locket is meant to protect me!”
“Once you use spirit, Archangel Israfel will be able to tell which of the archangels you descended from. Lucifer probably didn’t want your identity as his child revealed, fearing that might bring you to harm.
“Found you!” squealed Enepsigos all of a sudden, a sick smile playing on her mouth as she hopped into sight, pouncing at us and catching us off guard.
Things were happening too quickly, too suddenly, we couldn’t react in time. Before I could fully comprehend what was happening, Sasuke collapsed, dropping onto the dirt in a limp pile. 
Enepsigos withdrew all four of her hideous outstretched arms. Only then did I realise that her knife-sharp nails had pierced Sasuke’s chest. I stopped feeling. The next thing I knew, I was tumbling across the woods—away from Sasuke—before finally smashing into the trunk of a tree. I was flipped over by the impact as I slid to a rest, flat on the ground, facedown. 
I lifted my face off the dirt and looked up the moment I stopped, and there, under the dim moonlight, Sasuke lay lifelessly in a pool of blood.
I hadn’t felt the tears forming; they just started to spill. 
“Sasuke?” I called his name as dread choked me. There wasn’t any response, so I tried again, louder this time. “Sasuke!” 
Silence. Cold, frightening silence.
No, Sasuke couldn’t be dead. Nephilims don’t die easily.
“Sasuke! Sasuke! Sasuke! Sasuke!” I tried again, and again, and again. But still, there was no response. Nothing.
Nothing at all.
I stared at Sasuke, desperately wanting to hear his voice, to hear him tell me he was all right...
This was all my fault. 
We should have run while we could... 
Not try to play hero.
I picked up laughter—thin, wicked laughter—in the distance, and my body turned rigid. Rage exploding, pain forgotten, I kicked myself up from the ground and lunged forward, swivelling my attention to the source. And it torched up as soon as I made eye contact, erupting into flames. It didn’t go down without a fight; it flared and shrilled as the flames devoured it—until it finally went silent, reduced to ashes.
Void and depleted, I closed my eyes. I was falling...










Chapter 14
Dream

I tried opening my eyes, but my lashes were plastered together in wet, sticky clumps. When I finally managed to wrench them open, I found Sasuke staring down at my face as I rested on his lap.
“Finally, Averie,” he said, and his voice sounded scarily feeble. “I was so worried. You were out for nearly a quarter hour.”
Memories raced through my mind. Pierced in the chest. Unmoving on the ground. Lying in a massive pool of blood. 
I glanced down at Sasuke’s chest. The wounds and blood were still there—his entire shirt was red.
“I watched you die,” I blabbered, sitting up quickly. “Wait—is this a dream? Don’t tell me this is a dream?”
“This isn’t a dream...” He managed a small smile despite looking so faint. “I didn’t die...knocked out... Are you all right?”
Every inch of my body hurt, but I didn’t give a damn. “Never mind me, are you all right?” I asked, relaxing my shoulders a little and even letting out a small smile.
“I’d like to appear cool,” he spoke flippantly, but I could tell he was trying hard not to sound shaky, “but I think I might pass out again anytime.”
The blood drained from my face, and the relief and joy evaporated. “We need to get help. I’ll call Sir Albion—wait, how is he? And Asa. How are they?”
“Injured.” I heaved in relief, and Sasuke paused, gritting his teeth as he waited for a spasm of pain to pass. I watched him worriedly. When he’d recovered enough to talk, he continued weakly, “We should contact Atward.” 
Instinctively, I groped for my iPhone in my jeans pockets, but he stopped me, saying, “I tried...there wasn’t any reception.”
“Where are we?” I asked, frustration mounting.
“The clearing...” he wheezed, his breathing getting more haggard, “next to Okamoto...” 
“Let’s zap out of here then,” I suggested.
“You’ll have to do it.” He paused again, inhaling sharply as another spasm of pain seized him. “I’m definitely out of it.”
I shut my eyes and did as Sir Albion had taught us. First, I would have to summon my zodiac.
“Aries?” I thought to myself.
“You used up most of my power with the incineration of the massive demon just now. I need more time,” said Aries in my head.
“Are you serious?” I cried out loud, exasperation exploding out of me. “What should we do now? Sasuke needs medical attention!”
“So do you,” replied Aries evenly. “Calm down and think.”
“Okay, okay, now, how much have you got left?”
“Not too much. I’ve only got enough to go to somewhere near.”
“Sasuke.” I spoke aloud. “Are there any payphones around here? Do you have Japanese yen with you?”
“There are some at the entrance of the club.” He tugged his wallet out of his pocket and handed it to me. 
I took it and, cupping his scarily pale face in my hands, told him gravely, “Wait for me. I’ll be back fast. You’re not allowed to pass out, okay? Leo, please keep him conscious.”
“Tell him Okamoto Riding Club at the foot of Mount Fuji.” 
I nodded then focused on the memory I had of the entrance of Okamoto Riding Club, and zap! I was there in an instant, nearly toppling over as I landed. 
Ignoring the pain, I looked around and found the payphone booths almost immediately. Rushing over, I slipped into one, snapped up the receiver, and punched in the necessary codes followed by the number Atward had given us in Japan. The call went through. I waited impatiently, praying hard for the phone to be answered soon. Sure enough, it was picked up after the third ring.
“Hello?” said Atward.
“It’s Averie! We’re at Okamoto Riding Club. Well, the clearing next to it! At the foot of Mount Fuji. We need help! Sasuke is badly hurt!” I desperately hoped Atward could understand what I was trying to say. I knew my sentences didn’t flow, but I couldn’t think—let alone speak—coherently now.
“Wait there for me.” Atward hung up—apparently understanding my broken rambling—and I zapped back to Sasuke’s side. Thankfully, he was still conscious.
“I’m holding out pretty well, huh?” he said with a hint of a smile playing on his lips, but I was too worried to return the light-hearted talk.
“Don’t talk,” I scolded, and he let out a laugh, only to end up crouched over in pain just as Atward came into sight. 
He wasted no time asking questions as he kneeled down on the ground next to us, rested a hand on both our shoulders, and zapped us away. 
In a matter of minutes, Sasuke and I were both receiving medical care in a small—but fully equipped—private clinic in Vancouver. There were only two doctors and two nurses, and Sasuke had a doctor and both nurses to himself in another room.
Atward entered my consultation room soon after I’d finished the last part of my treatment—the bandaging of my right calf, though it had already stopped bleeding. Bowing slightly, he thanked the doctor who had treated me as she took her leave, shutting the white wooden door behind her and leaving us alone in the room. “That place was so foggy, I could tell there was a fire all the way from the entrance of the horse club,” he said as he crossed the short distance toward me, manoeuvring his lofty frame through the tightly-packed space. His usually smooth features and movements were abnormally stiff. 
“Is Sasuke okay? Is everything okay?” I asked Atward anxiously. 
He gave a slight nod, and I exhaled in relief. “What happened?”
“Do you know of the demon Enepsigos?”
“Yes,” he said, stopping by my recliner bed. I had to tip my head all the way back to keep eye contact with him. How on earth did a person grow so tall, anyway? “What about her?” 
“Erm...actually...do you mind sitting down first?” I gestured for him to sit at the foot of the bed. “Sorry—but looking up at you is making my neck hurt,” I explained as he lowered himself onto the bed. 
“Better?” he asked, polite as ever—just like Sasuke.
“Yes, thank you,” I said. “Okay, so back to Enepsigos. She transformed into human form—she was actually our Chemistry teacher in Black Gold. She worked for Lucifer, but I don’t think you need to worry about her because I think I took her out.” I knew I was rambling, but I couldn’t control the things spluttering out of my mouth. My mind. “More importantly, Aquarius and Libra have already landed in Lucifer’s hands. What are we going to do?”
All of a sudden, my iPhone started to beep as my WhatsApp was spammed with messages. The clinic, evidently, had Wi-Fi. I pulled my iPhone out of my pocket and got yet another shock. The screen of my white iPhone 5 was badly cracked—damn, Uncle Dave had only just given it to me for my eighteenth birthday; I wondered how I should go about telling him the current state of his expensive gift—and I was surprised it could still work at all. The messages were from my mother.
“Where are you?”
“What happened? The house is in ruins.”
“Are you safe and well?”
“Call back ASAP.”
I didn’t know she had WhatsApp. I thought it was a young people thing—yeah, probably not the time to discuss that. “It’s my mum,” I told Atward. “Do you have a phone I can borrow?”
He reached into the pocket of his pants, drew out a silver BlackBerry and handed it to me. Unenthusiastically, I dialled my mother’s number, and she picked up immediately.
“Who is this?” she demanded.
“Mum,” I said, expecting a massive storm to hit.
It did. “Averie!” she yelled so loudly, I grimaced. I was pretty sure Atward heard her as well. “Where are you? I was so worried!”
“I’m fine.” There was no way I would tell her I had seven broken ribs, a punctured lung, and eleven stitches in one of my legs. “I need to discuss something with you.”
“You demolished the house then disappeared without a word! Is that what you meant by going to bed?” 
“A demon, Lucifer’s servant, Enepsigos, attacked me while you were out, so I had to run,” I explained curtly. “That’s not what I want to discuss with you. Tell me honestly, Aquarius and Libra, are they still alive?”
“Yes—”
“Mum, please, you’ve got to stop Lucifer—”
“Averie,” she said, cutting me short, “they’re already on their way home.”
“What?” I cried. I didn’t get what she was saying at all.
“Aquarius and Libra are both on their way back to Singapore.”
“Back to Singapore?” I asked sharply. Incomprehension would have swept me off my feet if I hadn’t been sitting. “Why?” 
“I persuaded your dad to let them go.”
I sucked in a hard breath. “Are you serious?”
“I saw the young boy. He’s about your age—” My age...could Aquarius be Jace Peller? “—and I just felt we couldn’t take his life, so I talked your dad out of it.”
“Are you sure he really let them off? Maybe he put on an act to get you off his back?”
My mother sighed wearily. “Averie, trust me. Trust your dad. He’s a man of his word. I’m sure he released them.”
I found it really hard to trust Lucifer after he appeared so unfeeling when he found out he’d shot his own son. “But—”
“Are you that distrustful of your own father?” Lucifer’s voice took over.
“Give me a reason not to be,” I fired back, clutching Atward’s BlackBerry so tightly it was a wonder it didn’t break. 
“Averie.” It was back to my mother’s voice, and it was pleading. “Don’t speak to us like that, please.”
“Honestly, search your conscience and ask yourselves…” I felt myself choking up as I spoke. “Have you both ever given me a good reason to trust you?” 
“We love you. We’ll take excellent care of you from now on, I promise—”
“Taking care of me, loving me…it’s not enough!” I retorted, straining to keep my voice from cracking. “Don’t you get it? There’s more to being parents! You need to be role models I can look up to! The way you conduct yourself, your way of life and thinking, your morals…everything counts! How am I supposed to trust a father who shot his own son—legitimate or not, pawn or otherwise—without feeling the slightest bit of remorse? How am I supposed to trust a mum who only thought about her own happiness even though it meant destroying another family? I can’t trust parents who only think about themselves, and I’m not sorry about that,” I finished fierily. In the end, I managed to hold myself together as anger completely overrode anything else I might have been feeling.
My outburst, apparently, stunned my parents into silence because they made no effort to talk. 
“I hope you’ll stay true to your word regarding the release of Aquarius and Libra. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have other matters to tend to—checking out my brother’s condition, for example.” 
I hung up and passed the BlackBerry back to Atward. He took it then stood up and walked to the other end of the room.
“How’s Asa? How’s Sir Albion?” I asked him. “Are they all right now?”
“Sir Albion is doing fine.” When he didn’t mention anything about Asa, I began to get worried. Asa was probably badly hurt. After all, he’d taken the shots at point-blank range. 
“What about Asa?” I asked again impatiently.
Turning to me, Atward breathed hard. “Promise to take the news calmly?”
“Yeah, just tell me already!” I snapped. “How badly is Asa hurt?”
“Asa…” Shutting his eyes, he inhaled deeply then finished his sentence in one breath. “…took a direct bullet to the heart and doctors didn’t think he would make it.” 
Didn’t. Think. He. Would. Make. It.
As soon as the words registered, my world blanked out.
Chapter 15
Goodbyes

Three weeks after my horrifying ordeal abroad, I stepped out of the examination hall after my last paper—Chemistry. It hadn’t sucked as much as I’d thought it would. In fact, it went pretty well. Together with Chaste and Sasuke, I’d spent the past three weeks under Atward Savant’s tutelage. We’d no longer done physical training with Sir Albion; instead, every day after school, we’d done revision with Atward—subject after subject—in every single free minute we had. It was necessary since graduation examinations were just around the corner. Besides, it had kept me from thinking about Asa...the younger brother I’d never really got to know.
I sat down at a table in the cafeteria, waiting for Chaste and Sasuke. We always met up here after being dispatched—group by group—from the school hall. The system was set in place since there were plenty of private candidates taking the exams as well. If everyone was dismissed all together after a paper, chaos would definitely ensue. My name, beginning with an ‘A’ as it does, was near the front of the list, so I was always the first to leave.
As I savoured my first breath of liberation, a mixture of emotions washed over me. I was definitely relieved and glad, but sadness was the most prominent among them all. The stressful exam period had finally come to an end. And now, it was the start of a new chapter in my life. While waiting for my results, I was going to start work at my father’s F&B company. Uncle Dave and my father—Morgan, not Lucifer—would be there to guide and teach me about the proceedings of the business. 
In the last three weeks, a lot had changed…
Shortly after I returned to Singapore, my mother showed up at our house at Holland Road, Street Thirteen, for the second time in recent years. She wasn’t asking to see me this time; she’d come for my father. Keeping her word, she spoke to my father, and they sorted out the mess that had built up over the past seven years. It took some time, but things straightened out at last. My father finally resumed a normal life, and with the aid of Uncle Dave, he even went back to running his company. 
My parents eventually filed for divorce, but they didn’t fall apart completely; they’d remained in contact. As for me, I moved out of Holland Road as I’d wished to countless times before, but the intention was completely different from my original one. I moved out not because I wanted to escape from my broken home, but because Dad and I had decided we needed a change of environment. My mum was back in Singapore, permanently, and she asked if I’d like to have her back in my life. I said yes, but we didn’t stay together. She got her own apartment while I continued to live with Dad in our new house. It had been that way for more than a week now, and I was starting to get used to it. 
Everyone’s life was finally set right again—even Lucifer’s. With my mother’s and Atward’s support, Lucifer had gone out of hiding and returned to Heaven to face what he’d done on his own accord. He made the decision not long after he found out what had happened to Asa. Apparently, he’d been remorseful and done the right thing for once. Honestly, I was proud of him.
“Averie?” Acacia called my name. 
Acacia and Jace strolled up to me hand in hand. Nobody knew why and how it had happened, but they’d become an item recently.
“Hi. What’s up?” I returned her smile as they sat down opposite me. The feud between us had diffused following the horrible incident from three weeks ago. She no longer had issues with her—and my—half-brother after he’d saved her back in the loft in Vancouver. And, despite our previous enmity, I’d decided to pick up Asa’s forgiving nature and let go of the past. Acacia had done the same. I only regretted that it had been at Asa’s expense to teach us to forgive. 
“I’ve come to say goodbye. After all, this is our last day in Black Gold,” she said with a weak smile.
“We’ll still meet at the graduation ceremony next week,” I offered.
“Actually...there’s another thing.” She turned to Jace and nudged him with an elbow. “Jace has something to say to you.”
I looked to Jace. “Yeah?”
“I’ve...erm...heard that you were the one who saved my life,” he stammered awkwardly. “So...thanks...”
“No problem,” I said just as Chaste joined us at the table, taking the seat next to me.
“Finally!” she said, flashing us a full, ecstatic smile. However, she quickly dropped off the joyful tone. “On the other hand, this is the end of our journey here.”
“Everyone has plans for the future?” I asked offhandedly. “Chaste and I are both going for local universities.”
“We’re going for universities in Singapore, too,” Acacia said. “I’m looking at business degrees so I can help with my family business, and Jace is going for law courses. His dream is to become a lawyer to help less fortunate people fight for their rights.”
With his aspiration disclosed, Jace fidgeted in his seat, looking bashful.
“Wow,” I said, honestly awed. “Those courses are really tough to get into.”
“What are you two applying for?” asked Acacia.
“Chaste is going to apply for art courses. As for me,” I sighed, “I have no idea. Maybe business management? If my results are good enough, that is.”
Acacia gave me a light, encouraging pat on the shoulder. “Don’t worry too much. You have plenty of time to consider your path.”
“What path?” Sasuke joined in the conversation as he arrived, stopping by the end of our table.
“We’re discussing plans for our future paths,” explained Chaste. “What about yours? Any plans to further your studies?”
“He doesn’t have to consider that,” said Acacia. “He’s long set out on his path.”
“There’s nothing I want to do except showbiz, but I’ll have to continue to work hard,” said Sasuke with an easy laugh. “There’s so much to get done.” 
Disheartened, I let out a silent sigh. I was the only one without a clear direction in life. I had no idea what I wanted to do as a career, while my friends had already decided on theirs.
“When are you going back to Japan?” Acacia asked Sasuke.
“Tomorrow,” I answered in his place—a little too miserably, apparently, because everyone’s eyes were now on me. I acted like I hadn’t noticed.
“You’re giving the graduation ceremony a miss?” asked Chaste, disappointment in her voice. She probably wanted to see Sasuke graduate.
Sasuke’s smile faded. “Yeah, I guess so,” he said in a low, dejected voice.
“Anyone have plans for today?” asked Acacia suddenly.
Everyone shook their heads. We’d all been too busy studying to have time to make plans for post-exam celebrations.
“Why don’t we do something fun together?”
“Why not?” agreed Sasuke enthusiastically. “Everyone in?”
We all nodded.
“Any suggestions?” asked Chaste. “Where should we go?”
“I’ve been wanting to try Universal Studios Singapore,” suggested Sasuke.
“Yeah, sure, I haven’t been there before,” I said.
“Me too!” said Acacia excitedly.
“Well, me too,” said Chaste with a wide grin. 
Everyone turned to Jace, waiting for him to nod.
“Sure, let’s go,” he said, and Acacia gave his hand an approving squeeze.
“Let’s get the rest of the class to join us,” she said, and we all nodded in agreement.
* * * *
Pushing a luggage cart through Changi Airport, I strolled into Terminal Three with Sasuke quietly. We hadn’t really talked on the way here. I didn’t know what to say. I just wanted to appreciate every moment I had with Sasuke before he boarded. I’d been missing every single minute we’d spent together in Black Gold so, so badly.
“Whatsapp me a picture of your new bedroom, would you?” said Sasuke to me as we walked toward the check-in desk.
“Why?” I asked then I got it. “Oh...” With the picture, he would be able to zap into my room anytime. We’d have to take care that nobody saw him in Singapore.
“It’s our secret.” He winked at me, and I laughed, out of relief. With Sasuke about to fly halfway across the globe—okay, maybe that was a little exaggerating, but he was going to be far, far away from me—my mood had been really low. And now I couldn’t believe I’d never thought of this—the crazy revision for our school leaving exams must’ve killed all my good brain cells.
Within seconds, it was silent again.
“You should go in,” I murmured after a while, but he merely held my gaze for a long moment. I found myself getting lost in those riveting black eyes until he reached forward abruptly and pulled me into him. 
I hugged him back. “Isn’t this risky?” I asked, peering around for potential paparazzi at the same time. “We’re in public.”
“I can’t help but want to risk it,” he told me, still wrapping me tightly.
I pulled away from him after several moments of bliss. “Sasuke,” I said as his eyes found mine once more. “All the best for your music.”
“Averie, all the best for further schooling.” He mimicked me, making me laugh again. But then his jovial tone turned solemn. “And there’s another thing I have to talk to you about…”
“Yeah?” I watched him intently, wondering what needed such a serious atmosphere. “What is it?”
He stared back at me, a fretful expression on his usually cheery face. “Because of my job, it’s impossible for me to go out with you openly—at least not when I’m still so young. I’m not sure if you know, but show business in Asia is a little different from the West. It’ll attract too much controversies, so I’ve to be extra careful. Of course, I’ll strive hard to make things easier for you, but I don’t know how long that would take...” He looked away, studying the floor. “And so, Averie, if you ever change your mind, know that I won’t blame you. There are plenty of opportunities in your future and I...I don’t want to hold you back.”
“What are you talking about?” I inhaled deeply, knowing that I had to make my position perfectly clear or he wouldn’t feel at ease when he got back to Tokyo. “Since that time you told me to trust you, I decided I want to stick with you. I don’t fully understand what I’m in for, but I don’t care—I just know I have to wait for you.” I took in another long, steadying breath; he was still staring at my face with a strange expression. “I want to take on this world with you,” I said, taking his hands in mine and holding them tightly. “Nobody else. It has to be you.”
I was so relieved when a speck of light brightened up his eyes. “That means the world to me,” he said quietly. 
“And you mean the world to me,” I whispered back, my lips forming a wide grin as an equally broad one broke out across his face. 
We remained that way for a while, but when he spoke again, his face had turned all serious once more. “Averie?” 
My relief disappeared. What else could be wrong? “Y-yeah?” 
Eyes not leaving mine, he leaned close to me until there was hardly any space between us. His warm breath grazed my forehead, and, not knowing what to expect, my heartbeat raced. 
His face straight, his eyes unsmiling, he said in a low voice, “I’ll make sure your world is as beautiful as it can be.”
It took my breath away, hearing that promise again. My heart soared high in my chest then went entirely light and fluttery with euphoria. 
I nodded at him with an earnest smile. “I’ll be counting on you for that.” 
Beaming, he gave me a nod as well. “Please wait for me.”
I presented him my biggest grin, to which in response, his beautiful dark eyes shone bright with delight. “And you can count on me for that.” 
His smile grew into a full-fledged one, and I gave him a light push toward the check-in counter. His gaze lingered on me one final time before he strode forward, looking determined to give his all for his—or rather, our—future.
Just before he joined the short queue, he swivelled back to me, looking so deeply into my eyes I wasn’t sure how to react. 
I stared back nervously. 
“Aishiteru.” 
I smiled. The Japanese exchange students had taught me that word just before they’d left Singapore to head home. 
“I love you, too, Sasuke.”

###

























Special thanks...


April, Brina, Clinton, Crystal, Helen, Li Yan, Pei Ru, Pei Xian, Prashanth, Shikin, Syikin, Wei Xian, and Yossi—Thank you for being among the first people who took the time to get to know Averie.

My family, especially my dearest aunt, Chik Fah—Thank you for being my family, for shaping me into who I am today.

My precious one, Baby Blythe—Thank you for being the best thing that has ever happened in my life. I love you, darling.

My fantastic book cover designer, Damon Za—No one could have done the cover better than you. I have absolutely no doubt about that.

My brilliant editor, Danielle Fine—I just want to properly thank you. You are simply incredible! 

Everyone who has played a part in getting this book out—Thank you for all of your help and efforts. I really appreciate it. 

And last of all, dear readers—Thank you so, so much!









