Black Dragon
Andy Nadir
Copyright 2013 by Andy Nadir
Smashwords Edition

Prologue
In a world where magic was just as common as an engineer, or a scientist, there sat a kingdom by the name of Dare. Now, magic was not just something to be used. Many would cherish theirs, and treat it as an art. Others would use it as a tool of war. The wielders of these magics were called wizards.
These communities were called guilds. Together, the wizards in the guild would work together to better the world. They would do simple tasks like scaring away the odd goblin, to extremely hard ones like battling a demon of the abyss for the safety of an entire castle.


Chapter One
Fireballs rained down on Cedar Town from the skies. Cries of the wounded and dying echoed through the flaming city. “Hurry men! The dark mages are taking the City! Think of you wives and…”
The old commanders cry was cut off by a loud explosion. He resumed his encouragement. “We cannot allow the city to be taken by the Black Mages! Hold them men! Just until the Council’s mage team gets here!”
“Well, you don’t have to hold them anymore. We may not be the Council’s team, but we are Blue Phoenix!”
The voice rang throughout the town. The commander’s face creased. “Blue Phoenix? Are they a new guild? I have never heard their name before.” He said to the sergeant near him.
The sergeant just shrugged, and raised his spear once more. Suddenly, there was a loud shaking near the area where the Black mages were fighting the soldiers. The commander dropped his weapons, and sprinted towards it. 
When he reached the source, the old vetran’s mouth hit the floor. Standing against the army of over one hundred black mages, stood a single man. He was nothing special in stature, just a tall man, with, long flowing gray hair.
“I am the Guild master of Blue Phoenix! Leave this city at once, and I will not destroy you!” He roared.
The sea of Black Mages parted. A man in purple robes with a tall black scepter strode forward. The commander staggered backwards. “The Black Dragon’s Headmaster!” He whispered.
A sense of dread filled the old veteran. Where were the troops the capital promised? And why was this new guild so powerful?
“Why don’t you and your guild leave now, and I won’t destroy you?” The Black Headmaster asked quietly.
Blue Phoenix’s Master just glowered, and increased his power. The other did the same. As they fought, the rest of Blue Phoenix ran up behind their headmaster. With a single wave from the headmaster, the all charged forward, each using their own type of magic. 
The commander’s eyes were wide, as he watched explosions of fire, ice and black matter. He even saw several wild animals, and mages that seemed to shift into them. He now understood why the city guards never had a chance. The mages’ power was in a whole different level.
As the two guilds fought, in a house at the outskirts of the city, a Black Mage ran across the grass towards a lonesome house. “This is the last one… He must be in here!” He whispered to himself.
The Black Mage blew the door in with a punch surrounded with black fire. He glanced inside. There were three people in the house. The parents, and a little bundle of cloth. The Black Mage’s eyes flew towards the bundle, and he grinned. His hand rose, and the man and woman knew no more.
The Black Mage shoved through the ranks of his fellow mages until he reached the front of the mass, next to the headmaster. “I have retrieved our objective, master.” He muttered into the headmasters ear. The other nodded slightly, and the Black Mage returned to the mass of mages.
The commander watched as the Black Dragon’s headmaster raised his hand to the air, and launched a flame in the shape of a Dragon, wreathed in black flames, into the sky. The dragon formed into a flag shape, the universal symbol of surrender. Blue Phoenix’s master nodded, and backed away. One of the Black Mages stepped forward, and waved his hand. A black fog flew in from the sky, and surrounded them. When it was gone, so were they.
 
There was a stunned silence.  Blue Phoenix’s Master turned to the citizens that were watching. “My fellow people, The Black Mages have left. We, The Blue Phoenix, request permission to join your town, and set ourselves up to take jobs, as well as help protect the town. Of course, if we are accepted, we will gladly help rebuild Cedar Town.
The commander thought for a moment. “I think that will be fine with us, I would normally ask the mayor, but he was knocked out when the assault started. I believe I speak for the people?” He called out.
There was a general murmur of agreement from most of the people. The Headmaster nodded. He waved to his Guild members, and they all ran off in different directions. “I sent them to help with anyone trapped, or hurt. We have several healers and paladins among us.” He explained.
Many years passed, and nobody ever discovered what happened to the small boy that disappeared, and the Black Dragon was not heard from. They started to fade from memory, and into Myth. Blue Phoenix grew steadily stronger, with many new recruits, and mages. They worked their way up the ladder of guilds, as the world fell into peace. But, nothing good lasts forever.
“Laxus, hurry up! If you don’t finish your fiftieth lap within the hour, you have to do another ten!” Called the instructor.
Laxus sighed. As long as he could remember, he had been a member of Black Dragon. They had saved him from the evil guild Blue Phoenix, who held the guise of a holy guild, and brought him here, to this underground cavern. The entire guild was underground, training for the day when they would send Blue Phoenix crashing to the ground.
Laxus increased his pace. As he ran, his breathing deepened, and he grew tired. He began to slow down. “Laxus, you have twenty two more laps, no stopping!” The instructor yelled.
“My mental barrier is weakening, What if…” Laxus started.
“That is the point of this exercise. Stop fighting them, and become one with them!” He called back.
Laxus shuddered, and the mental barrier dropped. The second it fell, whispers filled his head. The shadows. They spoke to him, whenever he dropped his mental wall. They promised greatness, and much more. But, he always felt there was something wrong about it. He never listened.
The instructor grinned as he watched the ten year olds face crease with concentration. The boy was communing with the shadows. He turned, and strode out of the cavern.
Laxus didn’t notice his instructor leave. He was too busy trying to drone out the shadow’s voices. “Be quiet!” He screamed.
Suddenly, they all fell quiet. Laxus’s eyes widened. They had never listened to him before.
What was different this time? He looked around. Nothing unusual. He was jogging, humming a tune in his head that he had heard the band play earlier. He stopped running. The shadows stayed silent. He resumed running, and stopped imagining the tune. Immediately, the shadows returned. A huge grin split his face. He could control the shadows.
Three sharp whistles pierced the air. Shadows from the cave all collected in one spot. Slowly, they rose from the floor, and formed into a black mass. The mass grew arms and legs, and slowly formed into a humanoid. “What…would you have me do, Master?” It rasped.
Laxus grinned. After three years, he had finally been able to force the shadows to take a three dimensional form. He hummed out a low tune. The monster turned, and its fist launched out, stretching, and blasting through the wall. Laxus hummed a long sad note, and the form melted into the ground. 
He strode to the wall, and glanced at the hole the being had made. A perfect circle. It had hit so hard, the wall didn’t even crack, like a shot from one of the “Guns” that the Black Dragon guild had made.
The “Guns” Were long sticks made from metal, with wood at the back. You would load some black powder into them, and push a button. Then, they would shoot the little ball of concentrated magic you put in it, and it made a perfect hole.
Laxus returned to training, unknowing of the eyes that watched him.
“Guild master Viekus, Laxus has progressed greatly, and has large control of the shadows. I have made sure that he believes that Blue Phoenix killed his parents, and I have nurtured his rage. He will be a perfect weapon for us.”
Viekus nodded slowly. “How much longer, until you have him take the exams against the other students, to root out the weaklings, and send him to eliminate Blue Phoenix once and for all?”
“Two years, master. He hasn’t gained full control of his shadows yet.”
Viekus nodded once more, and sent the Black Mage out of his room.


Chapter Two
Tabitha ran through the Halls of Blue Phoenix. She ran into the Head master’s room. “Master Lairno, I did it! The light will twist to my command with almost no effort! Look!” She cried happily. 
She whistled several soft notes, and the light streaming through the windows bent, and slowly formed into a sword. She raised the sword and swung it at Master Lairno’s desk. Right before it hit, she whistled sharply, and the sword dissipated.
With a soft hum, the light formed into a shining man, with a sword and shield. The headmaster stood, and looked it over. “Absolutely perfect! Why, this golem looks just like the real…” He said.
“Don’t look at me like I am a statue!” The glowing man said.
The headmaster jumped. “Tabitha, you molded a light spirit?” He asked guardedly, his gaze on the glowing man.
Tabitha nodded happily. “His name is “Myron!””
The headmaster nodded. “Good work. I think it is time.”
Tabitha’s face creased. “Time for food?” She asked hopefully
Master Lairno laughed. “No, for your first job. In the neighboring town, Daletum, there have been sightings of some Black mages. Would you go inspect it with a few instructors?” He asked.
Tabitha nodded. “Sure! When do I go?” 
“You leave in three days.”
**********


Laxus stood idly in the battle ring. His gaze drifted of his opponent. It was a boy, who had the speech magic. Essentially, the boy spoke matter into existence. A useful skill, but nowhere strong enough to beat him.
A single whistle summoned the boys own shadow to strangle his feet, and gag him.  When the boy fell to the ground, and didn’t move for ten seconds, The instructor called the match.
The rest of Laxus’s opponents fell just as easily. “I announce Laxus the winner of the competition! As a reward, he will be able to participate in the next mission, in which we are stealing an expensive orb from Daletum’s bank! Laxus, you and the two others who placed in second and third, will meet with me in three days. Good luck.”
Laxus strode out of the room, and sat down on his bed. With a soft hum, he summoned a sheet of shadows from the ground, and it covered him. He fell into a dreamless sleep.
Three days later, Tabitha jumped out of bed. She sprinted to the appointed meeting spot, almost an hour early. When her instructors arrived, she was almost bouncing around. One of the instructors glanced at her. “Tabitha, what in the world are you wearing?” He asked, surprised.
Tabitha looked down at the armor made of light. “It’s my Light magic… It will light up dark places, and provide me armor!” She said.
“Well, don’t you think you should wear more than just leather armor? I mean, if your concentration brakes, you won’t have any defense, left…”
Tabitha shrugged, and sat down. A few minutes later, Blue Phoenix’s carriage pulled into the road. The four got in, and it rumbled off toward Daletum.
“Here it is.” The older wizard said.
Laxus looked at the small building. “You’re kidding. This small? Well, I don’t care. You guys go in; I’ll get rid of anyone who tries stopping us.”
The other two Wizards nodded, and ran into the building. Laxus sat down, and put his head on his hand. “The others shouldn’t need more than a few hours.” He muttered quietly.
Laxus sat on the stone patiently.  After almost an hour, he heard rumbling. “Ah, there they are… The guild that Daletum must have hired to stop us from terminating the true evil guilds…” He said.
He slowly stood up. Then his mouth dropped open as a Blue Phoenix Carriage pulled up next to the bank.
Three instructors got out of it. “Tabitha, You stay in there for now, we can handle these weak mages.” One of them said.
Laxus burst out laughing. One of the Blue Phoenix mages glanced at him, but didn’t say anything. Laxus dropped into a fighting stance, and thought of a fitting tune for their death.
Then it came to him. He had recently discovered a new way to manipulate his magic, by making the shadow of the person widen, and wrap around the person, before melting into the ground, and taking the subject with it. 
Laxus grinned, and began a long, slow tune. The notes rose and fell, and the wizard’s stood frozen, as their shadows were rooting them in place. “How… How can he make so many notes just by whistling? Not eve Tabitha can do…” One of the mages started.
Laxus whistled the final note, and the shadows launched up, and surrounded the mages. Right before the shadows dragged them down, A beam of light launched out of the carriage, and pierced Laxus’s shadows. A girl climbed out of the carriage.
She had rather childish features, with a rather round face, and only standing about four foot five, she looked like a kid. Laxus looked at her, and burst out laughing.
“This is the Best Blue Phoenix can cook up? Three old men and a little girl?”
The girl pouted. “I’m not little! I’m fifteen! And I just defeated your magic, so you should just surrender to me, and I won’t hurt you too bad!”
Laxus burst out laughing. “You? You’re not fifteen, I am! And, I won’t ever surrender to Blue Phoenix! You monsters killed my parents! Feel the wrath of one hundred shadows!”
Laxus whistled a sharp note, and the shadows of all the buildings near him jumped up, and turned into spears. They all launched at the girl.
With a note of her own, they were all enveloped by light. Laxus hissed. The looked at him for a moment. “You look really angry… but behind your mask of anger, I sense your sadness. Don’t even bother denying it, I can read emotions if they are strong enough.”
Laxus growled. “Shut up! He whistled three notes, and a humanoid made of shadows rose form the ground. The girl did the same, and a golden warrior rose from the ground.
“What would you have me do, Tabitha?” It asked.
“Defeat the shadow golem, and capture the Black Mage.” Tabitha said.
“Don’t ignore me!” Laxus roared.
The golem lurched forward, and its arms flew forward.  The golden knight raised its shield. The shadows struck the shield, and suddenly stuck to it. “Myron! What’s going on, why aren’t his shadows burning away from the light?” She cried, worried.
Laxus laughed. “It’s a Secret art, the Shadow corruption!”
Laxus let hissed through his teeth.
The black shadow spread through the shield. The warrior threw the shield onto the ground. He raised the sword, and threw it at Laxus’s shadow golem. It struck the golem, and burnt it to a crisp.
Laxus whistled again, and the corrupted shield launched towards the knight, spinning so fast it looked like a disk. It struck the warrior, and instantly cut through his sword. It then hit his armor, and began to slowly cut away at it. The warrior screamed in anguish.
“Myron, No!” Tabitha screamed.
Laxus looked coldly at the glowing warrior, and then at Tabitha. His eye’s briefly softened. He sighed, and waved his hand. The shield stopped spinning, and collapsed to the ground.
The glowing warrior fell to his knees. “Why… Would a Black Mage show mercy?”
Tabitha ran towards Myron. She knelt by him, and put her hand to his chest. Light began bending around her hand, and entering Myron. Her back was turned to Laxus. A perfect opening. Laxus raised his hand, and quietly hummed a light note. A shadow snaked its way towards Tabitha. Myron saw it, and his eyes widened, but he couldn’t move his mouth because of his immense injuries.
The shadow snake made its way behind Tabitha. It rose to strike, and launched forward. Suddenly, it froze right at the back of her neck. Laxus was trembling with confusion. “How… I know I need to kill her… but I can’t! I can’t bring myself to land the finishing blow…gah!” He thought.
He released the shadow. Myron relaxed, and gave a barely perceptible nod at Laxus. Laxus sighed. Tabitha finished healing Myron, and turned to Laxus. Rage covered her soft features. “You monster, how could you do this to Myron! I’ll kill you!
She charged at Laxus. He raised his hand, and a pole of shadows rose in front of her feet. She tripped over it, and landed face first in the grass in front of Laxus. He sighed. He reached down, and grabbed Tabitha’s hand. He pulled her up.
“Why… Why aren’t you killing me? I thought Black Mages are merciless and evil…” She whispered.
Laxus shook his head. “I should kill you. But…” There was a loud crash from the bank. 
Laxus hissed. “My partners are coming. Look, I won’t do this again, but I will let you live this time. Don’t move, ok? Tabitha nodded hesitantly. With a wave of his hand, and a light whistle, shadows wrapped around Tabitha, and her teammates, and sank into the ground.
Just as Tabitha was sinking, he felt two weights in his pockets. Before he could go to find what they were, the two mages that came with him ran out of the bank.
“We did it. Now quick, grab on, let’s head back to base.”  One of them said.
Laxus grabbed one with his left arm, and one with his right. The older student used his magic to summon his transporting mist. It enveloped them, and when it left, they were gone.
**********
Guild master Viekus nodded happily. “He fought and killed four mages from Blue Phoenix, and you got the treasure?” 
The instructor nodded. Viekus grinned, and waved the instructor out of the room.
**********

The shadows wrapped around Tabitha, and completely surrounded her. She breathed in sharply, just to test if she could. The air that entered her nose was stale, but breathable. 
She stayed in the cocoon of shadows for a long time, but she couldn’t pinpoint the exact time. As she sat, wrapped in shadows, a small beam of light pierced the shadowy veil. Excitedly, she reached to it, and bent the light from outside into a knife with a whistle. She carved a hole through the shadows. 
When the hole was large enough, she reached through it. When her hand passed through the veil, it the shadows sank into the ground. She groaned, and sat up. Myron was nowhere to be seen. Her guild mates were also climbing out of their shadows as well.
One of them, Jack, who was only a year older than her jogged over to her. “My Lord, that man was a monster! Are you OK?” He asked.
A soft smile crept onto Tabitha’s face. “I don’t think he is, at least not completely.”
Jack looked confused, but dropped it. “Well, we failed our mission. Not only did we not stop the dark guild, we don’t even know where their base is.”
“Can you call for help with one of your Whistles?”
Tabitha smiled. “I only brought one with me this time, a strange one that I made while asleep. I gave it away to somebody who needed it more than I did.” She said.
Jack sighed. “Great, Jeremy doesn’t have any transportation magic either; it looks like we have to walk to a stable.
Tabitha shrugged, and began walking in one direction happily. “Tabitha, the stable is this way!” called Jeremy, who was heading in the opposite direction.


Chapter Three
Laxus sat down on his bed, his head in his hands. “How! Why couldn’t I kill her? This could ruin everything we have worked for! That blasted Blue Phoenix knows about me now… But, she didn’t seem evil…” He muttered to himself.
He lay back on his bed, and a fist sized rock rolled out of his jacket. He snorted. “She put this in my jacket? What’s the point of tha…”
He glanced closer at the rock, and saw some words. He wiped some of the murk off the rock, and squinted at it.
Flying Heron, eight o’clock tomorrow. 
Laxus immediately slid the rock under his bed. “She wants to see me…why?” He muttered to himself. Nobody had ever wanted to stay near him.
He felt inside his jacket again, and grabbed the other bundle. He pulled out a small brass flute. Laxus’s eyebrows rose. He hesitantly put the flute to his mouth, and played a similar note to the one he used to summon a shadow golem. The shadows twisted around each other, and formed into a golem.
“How is this different from whistling?” Laxus muttered.
He blew a low note, and the shadows jerked forward. Laxus grinned, finally understanding the flutes usefulness. “It has a wider range of notes…that means more control!”
The next day came, and passed. At seven, Laxus made his excuses and ran out of the cavern. He found the inn, and sat down at a table with two seats. He sat down, and put his head on his hands.
About ten minutes later, Tabitha walked into the Heron. She was wearing a plain white dress. She glanced around, and saw Laxus. She headed over to his table, and sat down. “So, why did you call me here?”
Tabitha shrugged slightly. “Well, you looked sort of lonely.”
Laxus’s mouth fell open. “The whole reason you called me here was just because I looked lonely?!”
Tabitha shrugged once more.  “Well, the other reason was I know what happened to your parents. Why? Because when we were fighting, you mentioned Blue Phoenix killed them in cold blood. So, I went to the library, and did a little research on the attack on Cedar Town 16 years ago.”
“What I found was that the dark guild Black Dragon attacked Cedar Town, but there were very few casualties, But among the casualties, There was a strange case. There was a couple that lived on the edge of the village, with their child. They were murdered by being quite literally burnt to a crisp by black flame. We know it was black flame for two reasons. First, it only burned them, and not the house, so it cant be blue or white flame. And second, the only recognizable feature on them was a black dragon head, the symbol of Black Dragon.”
“The child went missing, and nobody could find him. Black Dragon faded from the reaches of history, and became legend. My thinking is that you were that child that was lost.”
Laxus sat stunned for a moment. “How do I know you aren’t making this all up?” He asked.
Tabitha shrugged. “You know I’m not. You can feel it in your heart, can’t you?”
Laxus pretended not to hear. “So what you are trying to tell me is that I was abducted from my parents by Black Dragon, who then raised me like their prize boar?”
“Why in the world would they do that?” He asked.
Tabitha shrugged again “Well, they were too weak to beat Blue Phoenix the first time, so they probably needed a powerful asset. I am going to guess that you are that powerful asset.”
Laxus’s face creased. “You realize that everything you are trying to tell me is pretty much destroying everything I have worked for and believed in for my entire life?” He said quietly.
Tabitha gave a small nod. “I know this is a lot to take in. But, one last thing. You can always join Blue Phoenix. We won’t hold any grudges against you. And remember, don’t let them cloud your eyes with lies.”
Tabitha stood up, grinned slightly at Laxus, and strode out of the building. Laxus sat at the table for a moment, before standing up, and heading out the door.
Chapter Four
Laxus woke up to the same dark brown walls that greeted him every morning. He sighed. He found that he was almost longing for the laughter and light that Tabitha seemed to bring with her. “Gah, what is wrong with me?” He nearly cried.
He slammed his hands on his head. But, still he considered the possibilities. He washed his face in cold water from a small pool near his bed, and headed to the mesh hall.
He put his plate on the slider, and reached for the box of mashed potatoes. As his hand closed around the spoon, he froze. “We don’t have a farm here, do we?” He wondered to himself. He returned his tray, despite the strange looks his peers gave him, and entered the kitchen.
“Bartholomew, the cook, was sitting on a stool. “Bart, how do we get our food?” Laxus asked.
Bart laughed. “Well, we head to the grocer in Daletum, and politely ask for some food. Then, after that, we take what we need.”
Laxus was relieved. “Then, we take everything we need, and a little more, and leave him alive.” Bart finished.
A rock settled in Laxus’s stomach. He stumbled out of the kitchen. Throughout the day, he continued to notice the little things. A word here, a reference there. It seemed as though the Guild had little to no care for those outside of the guild.
At lunch, he headed to Daletum. Armed with only his flute, the gift from Tabitha, and his clothes. As he walked through Daletum’s streets, a young voice called out. “Would you like to buy a copy of the daily paper?”
“Sure why not?” he said. He turned towards the boy. The second the boy saw Black Dragon’s sign on him, he stumbled back. “Please… don’t hurt me!” 
Laxus frowned. “Why would I do that? I just want the paper.” He said.
The boy hesitantly gave him a paper. He then turned to run. Laxus grabbed his arm. “Whoa, slow down there. I didn’t pay you yet.”
Laxus dropped a gold coin into the boys hand, and let go. The little boy ran as fast as his feet could carry him into the dark alleyways around him.
Laxus sighed, and sat down on a bench. He glanced at the headline. 
The paper fluttered from his hands. The headline read “Black Dragon, the Leader of the Black Guilds Returns, Kills several Blue Phoenix members”
He hesitantly bent down, and picked the paper up again. His eyes scanned across the paper. “The dark guild leader, Black Dragon, had returned. Previously thought to be defeated, Black Dragon had returned with full force. Black Dragon has recently attacked Blue Phoenix’s base, and severely damaged it, along with badly injuring several Blue Phoenix members.  Blue Phoenix was attacked without provocation, and Black Dragon tipped the scales toward their favor with Manti-Rock, a special rock that can reduce magic.
The paper slipped from Laxus’s numb fingers. Laxus stood, and ran as fast as he could. When he reached the library, he headed to the history section. He pulled out a book called “The Battle of Cedar Town” and began to read.
He numbly returned the book. Two difference sources, with the same answer. That was proof. Black Dragon was a true Black Guild, and he was in it.
He sprinted back to Black Dragon’s cave. When he reached his room, he locked the door, and sat down on his bed. He didn’t know what to do. There was no way Tabitha would talk to him.
He laid down on his bed, and fell into a fitful sleep. 
The next morning came, and as usual, Laxus pulled on his clothes, and went to the mesh hall. He went to grab a tray, but stopped, remembering how they got the food. His stomach rumbled in protest, but he ignored it.
He looked around the mesh hall, and his eyes settled on a boy in the back, who looked like a walking skeleton. He headed to his table, and sat down.
The boy looked at Laxus. “What is our prize member doing here?” He asked scornfully.
Laxus shook his head. “Black Dragon… I was tricked! They made me believe that…” The boy grinned, and held a finger to Laxus mouth.
“You figured it out too? Lots of us have been kidnapped, and persuaded to the dark. The problem is, once you figure out, they don’t just let you leave. They put you on maximum watch, and you can’t go anywhere without an instructor.”
Laxus paled. “Wait you mean…”
The boy nodded. “Yep, they know you figured it out. You are now essentially confined to your room, and this cave. My name is Nico. And I already know you, Laxus.”
“I have been working on a way out of here for a month already. So far, all I can think of is somehow beating an instructor, but my magic isn’t strong enough. I bet you could, though.
“What magic do you have?” Laxus asked.
In response, Nico closed his eyes briefly. A massive monster clawed its way out of the ground, and roared. Laxus staggered backwards. The monster grated out a laugh, and blew out a stream of flame. The monster flickered, and disappeared.
Laxus’s mouth fell open. “But, you just summoned that massive monster! How can you not beat an instructor with that?” 
Nico laughed. “If it was real, maybe I could win. But, it’s just an illusion. I can cast any illusion, but I have no magic that can physically harm. “I see. So, if we work together, we can escape!” Laxus said quietly.
Nico nodded. They began to plan quietly. None of them noticed the instructor in the shadows, watching them quietly.
“Guild master Viekus, Laxus caught on.” 
Viekus hissed with displeasure. “That boy is too smart for his own good. It looks like we have to launch the operation early.”
The instructor nodded, and left the room.
Laxus sat on his bed, planning to himself. They were scheduled to try to escape in a month. Nico had found a weak spot in one of the tunnels, and they were going to have him cast an illusion of the wall in front of the tunnel while Laxus had his shadows dig the hole to the surface.
As he though, there was a knock on the door. “Go away.” He said.
There was a knock again. “Go away!” He said, louder.
The door flew open, and Laxus felt a small poke on his right shoulder. He looked at it. There was a small dart sticking out from his shoulder. “Wha…”
Laxus collapsed to the floor, out cold. The man at the door grinned. “Headmaster will be happy.”
Laxus’s eyes opened. He was on a metal plate. He groaned, and tried to sit up. He found that he could barely move. With considerable effort, he turned his head. He saw that his hands and legs were chained to the table. “Where am I?” He said quietly.
“Why, you are in the operation room!” A voice said.
Headmaster Viekus strode into sight. “We couldn’t have you running away, that would ruin years of planning! No, If I can’t take your mind, I will take your body! Angelo, begin the operation!”
Viekus smirked, and strode out of the room.
Another man walked in. He had dark skin, and was covered with scars. Laxus opened his mouth to try to talk to the man. Angelo simply raised a hand, and Laxus found his mouth unable to work.
“I am Angelo, and I have the magic of control. Not even one with one with the greatest will could resist me. I shall imprison your spirit, and your body shall work for the master Viekus. Goodbye, Laxus" He said in a grating voice.
He raised his hands, and Laxus’s head flew back in wordless pain.
Chapter Five
Tabitha sat on her bed, reading a small book. She groaned. “Man, I hope Laxus figures out the truth… If he gets completely tricked by Viekus, Master Lairno will make me fight him, and I don’t wanna…” She said to herself.
She rolled over, and got out of bed. “Man, I’m thirsty” She sighed to herself.
She whistled, and Myron formed out of the light coming through her window. “Hey Myron, do you think you could get me a glass of water? I feel really tired.”
Myron nodded, and headed out of the door. Tabitha laid back on her bed, and her thoughts returned to the meeting with Laxus. Laxus had seemed completely convinced that Blue Phoenix killed his parents. But, maybe he figured out they were tricking him…?”
Tabitha’s thoughts were broken as Myron returned to her room. He set the glass of water on her table, and nodded to her. “I’ll be going now.” He said, and melted away into the light.
Tabitha’s thoughts returned to Laxus as she reached for the glass of water. As her fingers neared it, the glass shattered, and spilled water across the floor. She shuddered. That was a bad omen. As she reached for a rag to clean the mess, there was a frantic pounding on her door. She jumped up, and opened the door.
At the door was a flickering man. Before she could open her mouth, he started speaking. “This is not a drill, Black Dragon is attacking! I repeat, this is not drill, Black Dragon is attacking!” Tabitha grabbed a flute from her table, and ran out. She saw similar holograms at everyone’s doors. 
She sprinted onto the lawn with all of her guild mates. On the lawn, there was already a standoff between the Guild master and Viekus. The rest of the guild filed into line behind Guild master Lairno. On the other side of the lawn stood Black Dragon, and with them, Laxus.
“Viekus, is it not enough that you killed several of my own? You now attempt to directly attack us?” Cried Lairno.
Viekus laughed. “Attack!” He roared.
The two guilds clashed with astounding force.
Tabitha blew into her flute, and light wrapped around her, making armor. She began to play the flute, and light danced around her.
Spears of light slammed into Black Dragon’s members. But, just as fast as they fell, Blue Phoenix’s members fell with them. Tabitha saw a whip of darkness, and ran towards it.
She reached Laxus, who was causing havoc in Blue Phoenix’s ranks. “Laxus, what are you doing?” She cried.
He ignored her, and continued attacking. She blew a note on her flute, and a spear of light flew at him. Without a glance, he whistled, and a shield of shadows blocked it.
She ran towards him, but stopped short when she saw his face. It was expressionless, and distasteful, like the face one would make as they squashed a bug.
“It’s a mind control technique.” Came the voice.
Tabitha jumped backwards. Viekus stood on her left, grinning. Black Dragons troops were slowly pushing Blue Phoenix backwards. Headmaster Lairno was nowhere to be seen.
“Leave him alone!” Tabitha yelled, and whistled. Myron formed from the light surrounding her, and charged Viekus.
Viekus waved his hand, and a wall of force slammed into Myron, sending him flying backwards.
Viekus laughed. “There is nothing you can do, Laxus is in my complete control. I was going to kill you here, but I think I enjoy the agony on your face. Have fun!” He said, and faded away.
Laxus turned towards Tabitha, and whistled. A spear of black light flew forward, and slammed into her armor. It scraped across it, and flew off. Tabitha blew her flute, and gold dust launched out of the ground. It surrounded Laxus.
He ignored the dust, and whistled two low notes. A wave of dark power flew out of him, and slammed into Tabitha.  She flew backwards, and plowed through the ground, and her armor shattered.
Tabitha grinned. “Let’s see if that…works…” Her head fell back, and she fainted.
Laxus raised his hand to finish her, but he found that his powers were exhausted. He simply turned, and walked off. Seeing his retreat, the rest of Black Dragon followed.
Pain. It was all he could feel, and all he had ever known. Laxus writhed in agony on the cold stone floor. Suddenly, his eyes snapped open. He could feel Angelo’s magic surrounding him, like a cloak of death. 
As he laid staring at the roof of the cave, gold dust began to float out of his body. “What on earth?” He muttered
The dust flew out, and slashed into the cloak surrounding him. Slowly, he felt the cloak fade from him. The second it was gone, a few specks of dust lowered onto him. Laxus growled. “That was the first, and last time that happens to me!” He hissed.
He whistled quietly, and a shadowy wraith formed out of the ground. It quivered for a moment, and collapsed into the ground. “What the!?” He whispered.
He tried several different tunes, but they all failed. He reached into his pocket, and found the flute. It was cracked in several areas. His face fell. “I hope Tabitha can fix it…” He sighed to himself.
“It appears that I have lost the ability to use my spells. I will have to train all over now. No matter, I have to find Niko, and we will make our escape tonight! Or today… or whatever the time might be!” 
Laxus sprinted through the caves, and reached Niko’s room. He knocked quietly. The door creaked open. Niko’s eye peered out. When he saw Laxus, he grabbed him and pulled him in.
“Laxus! What on earth happened? You were gone for almost a week! And with attacking Blue Phoenix! They were supposed to be our new guild!” Niko hissed.
Laxus’s mouth dropped open. “What do you mean… I didn’t…” He started.
Suddenly, it all came back to him. He hissed. Niko saw, and nodded. “You must have been under mind control. No matter, we have to leave now!”
Laxus nodded. Niko grabbed a bag from the floor, and they rushed out.
When they reached the tunnel, Niko cast an illusion surrounding them. “Ok, now have your shadows dig the way out of here!” Niko whispered.
Laxus shook his head sadly. “I have no control over my magic! I must have lost it when I was controlled by Angelo! If I was to use it now, it would be disastrous, since I can’t tell the shadows what to do. We will have to dig it ourselves.
Niko sighed, but began digging at the weakened wall. Laxus joined him. Their efforts were in vain though, and the wall barely gave. “This isn’t working…” Niko hissed.
Laxus shrugged but kept digging. Neither of them noticed the steps coming up the corridor, until they were right next to them.
“Boys, whatever could you be doing?” Came the voice.
They turned around, and Angelo was standing right behind them. “How did you see us!?” Niko hissed.
Laxus just stood, frozen. “I could sense your minds, I don’t need my sight to find you. I hope you are both ready to be puppets again…” He said, and cackled.
His hands raised, but froze. Laxus stood shaking with fear. Angelo grinned once more, and raised his hands again. “I’ll start with you, Laxus!” He crowed.
Laxus screamed. Pain launched through every spot in his body. Suddenly, the pain stopped. He hesitantly opened his eyes. His mouth fell open. Above him, the head of massive black dragon with red eyes hovered. 
Laxus’s eyes trailed the shadow downwards, to his own. The rest of the body was humanoid. The dragonoid looked at Angelo, and suddenly flashed forward. In a moment, Angelo’s lifeless body tumbled to the ground. The shadow gave a bloody grin, and bowed. It melted back into Laxus’s shadow. But, the dragon’s head stayed on the shadow where Laxus’s head should have been.
Laxus gawked at it. Niko shook Laxus. “We don’t have time for this! That scream must have woken up the whole guild! C’mon, we have to go!” Niko hissed.
Laxus shook his head. He hesitantly pulled back his hand, and in his head, played the tune the dragon had taught him. The notes bled together like butter. Shadowy claws grew from Laxus’s hands. “Dragon Claw!” 
Laxus slammed his clawed hand into the wall. The hand cut clean through the hole, and it crumbled inwards. Niko gaped at Laxus. “How?” He asked.
Laxus shook his head, and climbed into the gap.
The second they both emerged from the hole, the looked around. “It looks like we are in Cedar Town’s main garden!” Niko said.
“Cedar town? But guild base… I mean Black Dragon’s base is in Daletum!” Laxus said.
Niko shrugged. “Whatever. Let’s go!”
They ran aimlessly through the city. Suddenly, Laxus slid to a stop. “This is Blue Phoenix’s guild house!” He said.
Niko shrugged. “You can’t possibly expect them to let us in now…” He started.
Laxus grabbed Niko by the collar, and dragged him to the front of the tower. He knocked several times. The door opened, and a man peeked out. “Who are…” He began.
He saw the cloaks and screamed. “It’s Black Dragon! Prepare for battle!” He yelled.
“Whoa wait, we aren’t here to fight!” Laxus said.
But the guild ignored him. They were pushed backwards as the whole guild streamed out of the doors, with Lairno at the front.
He glanced at Laxus. “Black dragon has sent their best member here with only an illusion mage as backup? Have they grown so confident in your abilities?” He asked quietly.
“No, wait! Black Dragon didn’t send us here, we ran away! Tabitha said we could come here if we realized that Black Dragon was evil!” Laxus said.
Lairno looked at Laxus guardedly. “A likely story. Why didn’t you join us back when you were attacking us with Black Dragon! Do you know how many of us you killed or injured?” Lairno snapped.
“I was mind controlled! I didn’t want to do that!” Laxus said.
Lairno glowered at Laxus. “I still don’t believe you! If you really mean what you say, come with me, and I shall throw you in Cells for a week, with no food or water. No Black Dragon member would do that.”
Laxus stood frozen for a moment. Then, he nodded. Niko did the same.
“Take them!” Lairno roared.


Chapter Six
“Laxus, are you sure this was a good idea? We have been in here two days, and we haven’t seen a single soul!” Niko muttered.
Laxus shrugged. “It doesn’t matter. When this is over, we can join Blue Phoenix! Then, when I do, I’ll find out what happened to my parents, and I’ll get revenge for them!”
Niko sighed, and leaned back against the wall.
The days passed quickly, and soon, the week had passed. “Laxus, we have waited a week. This is day eight, where are they?” Niko asked.
“I don’t know Niko. They should be here soon.” Laxus said.
“Hey, listen! Don’t those sound like footsteps?” Niko asked.
Laxus cocked his head. “Hey, they do! You think they are coming for us?” 
Niko nodded excitedly. “Finally! We can get out of here!”
Tabitha descended down the steps. “Laxus! You came! So, did my disruption dust work?” She asked.
“Whoa Tabitha, can you slow down? If you mean that gold dust, then yes it worked. And yes, I did most definitely come. But, would it be too hard to get me out of these?” Laxus raised a chained hand.
Tabitha shook her head slowly. “I’m afraid not, Laxus. This is your new room.” She said.
Laxus’s mouth fell open. “What?” He cried in sync with Niko.
Tabitha burst out laughing. “Man, you should see the look on your faces! Nah, I’ll get you out now.
She whistled, and a spear of light pierced through both of their chains. Laxus and Niko stood up on shaky legs. Laxus groaned, and cracked his back. Niko sighed contentedly.
“Hey, could you make a some stairs down here? I sort of wanna get out.” Niko said.
Tabitha frowned. “Ask Laxus! He can do that… Jeez, you lazy bums.” She said.
Laxus shook his head. “Tabitha, I can’t control the shadows any more. I have to relearn everything.” He said sadly.
Tabitha burst out laughing, but she stopped when she saw the look on Laxus’s face. “Seriously? Man, that’s awful! Don’t worry; I’ll help you get them back!” She said cheerfully.
Laxus grinned. “Sure, I won’t turn down a little help, but do you think you could start by getting us out of here?” He called.
Tabitha whistled, and a small staircase descended from some light from one of their windows.
The climbed up the stairs, and Tabitha helped them through the small trapdoor in the ceiling. 
Around them, Blue Phoenix was gathered. “Welcome to the guild!” They all called.
Laxus’s mouth fell open. Niko just grinned. “Hey, I don’t mean to break the mood, but I’m starving!” Niko said.
Everyone burst out laughing. One of the members waved to Laxus and Niko. “I’ll see if the kitchen has any leftover food from the last meal.” He headed out a door.
Tabitha grinned at Niko. “I think we will get along quite well.” She said.
Niko grinned. “That would depend on how much food you have.”
“I hate to interrupt, but Laxus, Niko, come here. We must speak of your contract.” The voice came from behind Laxus.
Laxus and Niko turned around. “Hello Guild master Lairno. But, what contract?” Niko asked.
Lairno just waved them over. They followed him to his office. He sat down in a large chair, and waved them towards some extras. When they had sat down, Lairno began to speak. “A contract is essentially how long you will serve the guild, and how you will be paid. Did you not have one with Black Dragon?” He asked.
They shook their heads. “We didn’t get paid, and we had no contract. We worked, and we got fed and received housing. That was our pay.” Laxus said.
Lairno frowned. “Outrageous! Well, no matter. We must discuss your contract here. Let’s put down some basics. I must assume that you do not have any intention of leaving the guild soon?” He asked.
They shook their heads. Lairno nodded. “Good. Now, will you be staying with someone you know, or will you be using our dorms?”
“Ah…” Laxus sputtered. “What do you mean? Don’t we live in the Guild house?”
Lairno shook his head. “Nah, you eat here, and get your jobs. That’s pretty much it.”
“Oh. Wait… What are jobs?” Laxus asked.
Lairno ignored him. “So, I assume you will be using our dorms for the time being?” Niko nodded.
Lairno scribbled something down on paper. “Very well. And, does sixty percent of your income sound good?” 
Laxus glanced at Niko. Niko shrugged. “Sure, why not.” Laxus said.
Lairno nodded, and wrote something else down. “And, your goal in rank is…?” 
“Rank? What’s that?” Laxus asked.
“There are several ranks in the recognized guilds. There is the basic rank, which is just Wizard. Then, there is Meister. After that comes Spellbinder. For the few people who make it past that there is Thaumaterge. Of course, there is also Guild master.
“You are both Wizards. Now, since I have everything done, why don’t you just sign here…” he passed them two papers.
Laxus quickly looked over the paper, and signed it. As he leaned over the table to give it back to headmaster Lairno, his shadow fell across the table. The headmaster glanced at it, and fell out of his chair.
He shot back up. “Laxus, boy, what has happened to your shadow?” He cried.
Laxus glanced at his shadow. Upon the table his shadow lay, with a massive grin plastered across it’s draconic face.
Laxus staggered backwards. “Blast, I totally forgot about my messed up shadow! Oh man…” Laxus muttered.
As the three warily watched the shadow, it shifted slightly. “What the…” Lairno muttered.
The shadows grin grew wider, if it were possible. “I must thank you for taking such…good care of my host.” It said through its grin.
They all fell backwards. “It speaks?” Lairno cried.
“When we want to. We are a mass collection of shadows. The reason he can no longer use his past spells is because we have taken them all. He must train for his techniques once more. And this time, they must have care, not the will to just kill. Unlike most people think, we are not evil… we just like sticking around to watch the…fun.” The shadow writhed, and shrank back to Laxus’s size, but as before, the dragon’s head stayed on it.
Lairno sat quietly for a moment. “I think I’ll change your income to 70 percent.” He erased some words from the paper. He slid them back across the table.
Niko’s mouth fell open. “Are you kidding? A dragon thing comes back from Laxus’s shadow, and all you can do is say “plus 70 percent?”” He cried.
Lairno shrugged. “Just sign the form. I have seen many of strange occurrences.”
They silently signed the forms. Lairno took the forms back. “Good. Now, go back to the main rooms, and find yourself one or two more teammates. I assume you two will stay together in a team, yes?” He asked.
They nodded, and turned to head out. “Oh, wait. One more thing. Take these keys to your dorms. Boy’s dorms are on the right hand side of the building. Rooms 111 and 112.” He slid a pair of keys across the table. They each took one, and headed out.
Laxus sat down at one of the tables. “Who should we ask to join our group? We need one more- I saw one the rule board back there.” Niko said.
Laxus shrugged. “Think Tabitha has a team yet?”
“Why don’t we ask?” 
Laxus stood up, and headed over to Tabitha. “Hey, do you have a team?
Tabitha turned around. “Well, I guess you could say that.” 
Laxus sighed. “Just great, who else can we ask to join our team then?”
Tabitha grinned. “You are already getting into a team? Well, the reason I have a so called team is I usually do my jobs on my own. When we fought back at that bank, I had reinforcements because it was a dark guild.”
Laxus grinned. “Does that mean you can up with Niko and I?” 
Tabitha shrugged. “Maybe. It depends if you can beat me in a battle. The two of you against me. That’s my rule. I want to someday be in the strongest team, Like team Electrica!”
“Team Electrica? What’s that?” Laxus asked.
“They work for the Government. They are formed from the three most powerful people in this land. They are only sent out for battling powerful dark guilds or when other countries attack us. I wanna be just like them!”
Laxus grinned. “I didn’t really expect you to be the type to be content with weakness.”
His face fell. “But, I lost most of my power. And I can’t seem to replicate those shadow claws I got when…” He trailed off.
“When what again?” Tabitha asked.
Laxus shook his head. “Let’s fight in a week. I hope Master Lairno will let me have some free rent for a little. Oh right, how often do we pay rent?” He asked.
“Once a month. You better train well, or I’ll whoop you next week!” Tabitha said.
She turned, and headed out.
“Oi, wait! Where is the training field?” He called.
She mutely pointed to a door next to the bar.
Laxus turned, and headed back to Niko.
“Well, what did she say?” Niko asked.
“We have to beat her in a fight, or she won’t join.” Laxus said.
Niko grinned. “Hah, that won’t be a problem for the Black Dragon!”
Laxus growled. “I’m not part of that guild anymore, and neither are you.” He hissed.
Niko grinned. “I know, but your shadow looks sort of like a black dragon.”
Laxus glanced at his morphed shadow. “I guess you could say that.”
Niko grinned again. “I am confident you can get a few new moves before you fight Tabitha. And, I’ll train hard too!” He laughed.
A grin split Laxus’s face. “Man, having you around is pretty encouraging.”
Niko nodded sagely. “Hey, have any food?”


Chapter Seven
Laxus strode into the training field. On the left were several targets placed about every hundred meters. The middle was a plain section of field, with several rings drawn out with chalk.
On the right was a field with several logs sticking out. It was probably for training your spells. Laxus headed to the right side of the field.
He sat down before a stone log. He pulled the flute Tabitha gave him out of his pocket. “Now what?” He sighed.
He closed his eyes, and tried to clear his mind. He remembered how his instructor at Black Dragon had told him to use the hate from his parents’ death to fuel his spells. But, that was no longer him; he needed a new way…
The world swam, and everything went black. It was as if someone had pulled a sack over the sun. Laxus tried to stand up, but found he couldn’t move. He opened his mouth to hell for help, but a hand covered his mouth.
He watched as his shadow began to shake. Slowly, it rose from the ground. It took form. “Hello Laxus.” His shadow hissed.
“What happened?” He asked, his mouth now working.
“I pulled you out of the stream of time. You cannot move your body, but you can talk.”
“Why would you do that? I’m taking your advice! I need to learn new ways to fight!”
His shadow nodded. “Exactly. That is why I am here. I represent your power. If you want to be able to learn any new ways to fight, it will be through me.”
“What do I have to do?” Laxus asked.
“A contract. We want a contract with you. The contract will be that you shall never return to Black Dragon, and we will be able to make one request that you will not be able to refuse when the time comes.”
Laxus frowned. “Deal, but only if the request does not force me to hurt innocents, or my friends.”
The shadow thought for a moment, and nodded. “Deal. You will be able to achieve some new spells by meditating. They will come to you. Some will aslo appear in times of need. But, these are not like your old spells. It will be much harder to control the shadows, but once they are made, they will solidify unless specified otherwise. If you mix and match parts of spells, it can make stronger ones, but also could make mass destruction. Be careful, if you wish not to hurt your friends.” The shadows quavered, and dropped something on the ground. Then the flickered and faded back into Laxus’s normal shadow.
He hesitantly reached down and picked up what his shadow dropped. It was a sheaf of papers. He glanced at the title at the top of it. “Within this packet, you will find three bundles of papers. They will be “Stealth, Melee, and Mage. Each of these has different types of spells contained in it. You may choose a ratio of: full, one half of one class, and one half of another, or three quarters one, and a quarter for the next.” He read aloud.
“To choose, simply say which class(s) aloud with their quantity. Choose wisely, you will not have another choice.”
Laxus thought for a moment. “Well, last time I think I was pretty much a mage. My shadow said that It would be harder to manifest the shadows, and they would stay longer. That means I should probably have either stealth, or melee. I don’t really like Melee, and I don’t feel like constantly working out. But, stealth isn’t perfect, and it probably doesn’t have any strong long range attacks. That leaves…”
“I will have three-fourths Stealth, one-fourth Mage.”
Two bundles of paper slid from the sheaf. The rest of the sheaf sparked, and disintegrated. Laxus raised his eyebrows, and picked the two bundles. “That was…strange.” He said.
He looked at the larger of the two packets. He opened it, and began reading. 
After a few hours, he set it down. “Man, those spells are complicated! But, I think I play this tune like this…”
He pulled Tabitha’s flute from his pocket, and began a tune. A second later, a shadow shuriken lay in his hand. 
Laxus grinned. “I wonder how well this flies…” He threw it sideways, and it slashed through a wooden pole to his left.
Laxus winced. “I think I’m going to have to work on my aim.”
He walked over to the pole, and picked the shuriken back up, and began practicing.
Six days later, he met Niko at the training field. “Hey, Laxus! How is your training going? I learned how to make a minor illusion actually affect non-living objects! Is that cool or what?” He cried.
Laxus nodded, and grinned. “Guess what? I found out that I don’t have to play songs to summon my power! Its sound, not song. That means that words do fine, if I know which ones to say!”
Niko bounced up and down happily. “Hey, let’s see how strong we each got!”
Laxus shrugged. “Sure. Let’s see what you got!”
“Cloak” Laxus said, and he faded into one of the shadows cast by the poles surrounding them.
“Hey, no fair!” Niko called.
He raised a hand, and disappeared from sight. 
“Caltrops!” Laxus hissed.
A mass of shadowy spies worked their way out of the ground, and scattered across the field.
“Ow! Gah, shoot! Really, Laxus?” Niko cried.
Laxus chuckled, but leaned against a pole. “Blast, this is tiring. Niko doesn’t even sound tired. I need more stamina.” He muttered.
“My turn!” Niko called.
Niko faded back into existence. With a wave of his hand, there were hundreds of his copies around Laxus.
Laxus laughed. “That won’t work! Only one of you is real, and that means only one of you can attack me.”
The copies all grinned. “We will see about that.”
They each bent down, and picked up a caltrop. They all threw them at Laxus. “Well, one caltrop won’t do any damage, especially from this distance. So if I just see where the pain comes from…” He muttered.
He covered his head. The caltrops hit him, and he yelped in pain. “What the heck? How did you do that? Those are only illusions!”
The Niko clones laughed. “I also learned that if you can make someone’s mind believe the pain is there, it will be. And with the pain, the body will be damaged as well. I don’t really understand it though.”
Laxus shuddered. “It’s good that my cloak shielded me from his sight, and most of the caltrops missed.”
“Vine” 
Shadowy vines rose from the ground, and lashed out at each of the Niko clones. The vines passed through each of them other than one. The vine wrapped around the real Niko, and the thorns dug into him.
“Owch! Laxus, what is it with you and spiky objects?”
Laxus chuckled. “Pentagram!”
A star etched itself from shadows around Niko’s feet. “What’s this?” He asked.
Laxus just grinned. Ropes shot from each end of the star, and wrapped around Niko. Laxus dispelled his vine, and it melted back to shadow.
“Now, Possession!” Laxus said.
Niko tried to move, but found that his body was frozen. “Hey, Laxus! What’s up with this star thing? These thin ropes shouldn’t hold me, and definitely not stop me from moving!”
In answer, Laxus raised his left hand. Niko did the same.
Understanding dawned on Niko’s face. “You took over my shadow, and wrapped me up with it?” He asked.
Laxus nodded.
“Take this! My finishing move, Slap!” He called.
Niko reached up, and began slapping himself in the face.
They both burst out laughing. “All right, I give up.” Niko called.
Laxus released the spell. Niko jogged over to Laxus. “Hah, I think you could probably beat Tabitha tomorrow without my help.” He grinned.
Laxus shook his head. “We can’t get cocky. I am not sure how strong she has gotten since I last fought her.”
Niko shrugged. “Meh, I still think you could beat her.”
Suddenly, Niko fell to his knees, and groaned. “What’s wrong?” Laxus asked.
“Food!” Niko groaned.
Laxus burst out laughing. “All right, lets head to the bar”
They sat down on the stools in front of the bar. “Hey, can we get something to eat?”
The bartender shrugged. “What do you want? Today we have lamb, beef soup, and bread fresh from Cedar Town’s bakery.”
Niko grinned. “One of each!” 
The bartender nodded, and turned to Laxus. “And what would you like?” He asked.
“I’ll take the soup” Laxus answered.
The bartender grinned at them, and headed into the back. Niko groaned. “Man, this food is the best!” 
“What do you mean? Have you been here before, Niko?” Laxus asked.
Niko nodded. “You realize that you have been practicing for days, and tomorrow is your fight with Tabitha, right?”
Laxus reddened. “Oh, man. I totally lost track of how many days I worked.”
Laxus’s stomach rumbled. Niko snickered. “Did you forget to eat as well?” He asked.
Laxus nodded. Niko paled. “Wait, really? You never left the field that whole time?”
Laxus shrugged. “Yea, I told you. I lost track of time.”
Niko sighed, and shook his head. “It appears that my friend is needs to be taught the importance of eating.”
Laxus laughed. “Weren’t you the one who wouldn’t eat anything when we were in Black Dragon?” He asked.
Niko shrugged. “Meh, that was then, this is now.”
The bartender came back to them. He placed their food down. “The name’s John. Nice to meet you, Laxus” He said.
He nodded at Niko. “Hello again, Niko”
Laxus shook his head. “Niko how is it that it takes you six days to make friends with the bartender, yet you still barely know anyone else here?” Laxus asked?
Niko shrugged. “He has food. I like food.”
John roared with laughter. He passed them each spoons.
Laxus dug into his food. “Man, this is really good!” He said between mouthfuls. 
“Mmmmph” Niko said
“So Laxus, Tomorrow you fight Tabitha to see if she can join your team?” He asked.
Laxus swallowed and said, “Yes. Master Lairno said we need at least three people.” 
John nodded. “Yes, the basic rules for the guilds say that all teams must be composed of three to five members.”
“Have you decided on your first job yet?” He asked.
Laxus frowned. “What do you mean? I have been wondering about these “Jobs”. What are they?” He asked.
John grinned, and pointed to a wall on the right of the building. “Over there are the jobs you can take. They all have different rewards and difficulties. I can show you a little more after dinner.
Laxus finished his dinner, and glanced at Niko. Niko saw Laxus glance at him, and tipped the rest of his soup into his mouth. He then crammed half a loaf into it as well. 
Laxus fell over laughing. “You didn’t have to do that, now you won’t be able to chew it…” He started, but stopped as Niko gulped, and swallowed everything.
Laxus shook his head. “Man, you are hopeless. Hey John, can you show me more on the jobs now?” He asked.
John nodded, and stepped out from behind the bar. He followed Laxus to the board. “On this board are essentially three types of missions. The first, is retrieval. It can vary in difficulty because it ranges from finding a lost item to getting it back from a thief. If the thief is a monster, it might be hard for a weaker ranking such as a Wizard. Then, there are the battle quests. These are much like retrieval quests. You have to go and exterminate something or someone that is causing trouble. Most of these quests are suitable for meisters and higher. The final type is the Misc. These quests are only for Spellbinder and higher.
Laxus nodded, and grinned. He pointed at a retrieval quest near the top of the board. “Lost amulet- One thousand Ryu reward” He read.
Laxus grinned. “One thousand Ryu is quite a bit! And this is for any rank, since there shouldn’t be any battles. This looks great for my first quest with Tabitha and Niko!” He crowed.
John chuckled. “Man, you’re pretty confident, aren’t you?” He asked.
Laxus shrugged. “Yep. I trained for almost a week. And I have that secret technique…” He trailed off.
“What are you going on about?” John asked.
Laxus shook his head. “Nothing.”
John shrugged. “Ok, that’s cool.”
Laxus turned to Niko.
“Hey, why don’t you show me our rooms at the dorms?” He asked.
“Whoa, you mean you haven’t seen them yet?” Niko asked.
Laxus grinned sheepishly. “I haven’t left the training field for the last… six days you said?” He asked.
Niko nodded. “You have your key?” 
Laxus felt the key on the rope around his neck. He nodded. “Great. Follow me, but don’t get into the habit. I don’t intend to lead you to your room constantly.” Niko said.
Niko led Laxus out of the Guild hall, and headed to a building to the left of it. It was a large square building, several stories tall. Niko and Laxus went in, and turned left. 
“This is room 111, and that is room 112” He said, pointing to two adjacent rooms.
“I already took room 112, so you can have 111.” He said.
Laxus nodded, and put his key into the keyhole of room 111. The door opened, and he went in.
 Laxus glanced around at the room. It was rather plain, with a bed, desk, and a few more things. There was a lamp with a flame burning in it. Laxus sat down at the desk. On it, there was a black book with a purple engraftment of a dragon’s head on it. Laxus opened the book, and a note fell out.
“This book is for you to record spells you discover. However, remember that you will not be carrying this book around. You have to have the spells you want to use memorized. – BD” Laxus read.
Laxus shrugged, and wrote down a few spells he had gotten from the packet that his shadow gave him. He put the book on the corner of his desk, and got into bed.

Chapter Eight
Light was streaming into his eyes. Laxus groaned, and turned over to get out of the light. “Light? There’s no light in…” He thought.
Suddenly, he snapped awake. “That’s right, I’m in Blue Phoenix now. Better get to the bar before Niko does.” He chuckled to himself, and pulled his clothes on.
When he was dressed, he headed out of his room and out of the dorms. “Hey Laxus!” Niko called as Laxus entered the Guild house.
Laxus’s mouth fell. “How on earth are you here already? It’s got to be early!”
Niko grinned through a mouthful of mashed potatoes.  “I wash heah foh like ahn hour” He said, spraying mashed potatoes everywhere.
Laxus covered his face. “By the… Niko, finish your food before you speak!” He snapped.
Niko swallowed. “Sorry mom” He said.
Laxus growled. He sat down next to Niko and ordered pancakes. “You ready for our fight with Tabitha in two hours?” Niko asked, and inhaled a plate of eggs.
Laxus chuckled. “How do you know what time the fight is?” He asked.
Niko gulped down another sausage. “John was talking ‘bout it.” He said.
Niko patted his stomach contentedly. “Great! I think I’m full now.” 
“It’s about bloody time!” John roared from the other side of the room.
“Laxus, that friend of yours has eaten literally one twentieth of our food!” He said.
Niko grinned. “Yummy.”
John sighed. “But, then again, having him around is a lot of fun. You two better get prepared for your fight with Tabitha. Lots of people have tried to beat her, but this last year or so, she has gotten nearly unstoppable. The only ones who can beat her are Headmaster Lairno, and any Thaumaterge ranked mage.
Laxus grinned. “I got this in the bag. Niko, lets head to the training field.”
Niko nodded. He grabbed a few sausages from his plate, and got up. Laxus snatched himself a sausage, and they headed out.
John grinned as he watched them leave. “That boy, he makes me feel as though I was his age again.” He said to a cloaked man at the table. 
The man nodded and ordered another glass of beer.
Laxus and Niko stood at the battle “rings”. Unlike before, one of the outlines of the rinks was now built up. 
It was about thirty feet tall, and it seemed to have seats as well. Laxus and Niko headed in. The seats were filled with about twenty people. Laxus looked around the seats. It appeared as though all of Blue Phoenix was gathered.
“Why is it that all of the guild is here?” Laxus whispered to Niko.
Niko shrugged. “Dunno. Think they want to watch us beat Tabitha?” He asked.
Laxus shook his head. “Somehow, I doubt it. In fact, it’s probably the other way around.” He said.
Niko nodded. “Ok, sit down. I am going to cast a few illusions on you. Has Tabitha seen you since you began training?” Niko asked.
Laxus shrugged. “I’m not really sure. I was pretty much concentrated on killing the pole in front of me.” He said.
Niko grinned. “Not surprised. Well, I can’t take the chance that she has seen you. I guess I’ll just have to cast it on myself. He waved his hand, and his arms grew buff. He grew a few inches taller, and his hair got slightly shorter.
The large Niko grinned at Laxus. “What do ya think?” He asked, in a deeper voice.
Laxus shook his head. “Don’t do that to me.” He said.
Niko grinned. “Fine. But, you owe me a sausage!” 
“Oh yea, I have a few left!” Niko pulled a sausage from his pocket, and began munching it.
A thought struck Laxus’s mind. “Hey Niko, don’t you think the spectators will tell Tabitha?” He asked.
Niko shook his head. “I cast an illusion on them from the start. In fact, to them, I just walked in now.” He said.
True to his word, a roar went up from the crowd. “The second fighter has appeared! We only need Tabitha before we start!” A man yelled, using a voice enhancing magic.
Niko waved his hand, and the original illusion dispelled. Laxus grinned at Niko. “Man, I’m really hyped up! I can’t wait…” He said.
Laxus jumped up and down. Suddenly, the crowd went quiet. Laxus and Niko glanced at the doors into the arena. Tabitha strode in quietly. Blue Phoenix began yelling again.
“All right everyone, quiet down. Fighters, take your places!” The announcer called.
Laxus and Niko stood at one end of the arena, crouched. Tabitha grinned at Laxus, and her mouth fell when she saw Niko. “Niko, what on earth have you been…” She started, but her eyes stayed glued to him.
Tabitha shook her head. She whistled, and a lance of light formed in her hand. “Are you all ready? Good. Then… Begin!” The announcer roared.
“Cloak!” Laxus said.
Laxus faded into the shadows cast by the arena walls. 
“Armor” He said.
Niko waved his hand, and Tabitha yelped, and jumped. “Made her think you jumped at her.” Niko whispered to Laxus.
Tabitha began whistling a song. Shards of light began peppering a the ground next to her. When Tabitha realized that the “Laxus” she was attacking wasn’t getting hurt, she turned to Niko.
Niko paled. “Whoops. I forgot to have the illusion pretend to be hurt. I don’t think my illusions will be much help like this. “Good luck! Niko said, and raised his hand. 
Niko folded up like a piece of paper, and disappeared. “Just an illusion” Laxus muttered, and raised his hand.
“Shuriken” 
Four shadowy ninja stars formed in his hand.
Laxus put two shuriken in his left hand, and charged Tabitha. Tabitha saw him coming, and whistled. A lance of light flew at him. Laxus rolled out of the way, and continued running.
He threw both of the shuriken in his left hand. Tabitha blocked one, but the second caught her on the edge of her leg. “Ow!” She squealed.
Laxus chuckled to himself, and threw the other two. “She doesn’t seem to be that strong.” He thought to himself.
Tabitha saw the shuriken coming, and whistled. A wall of light formed, and blocked the two ninja stars.
Laxus grinned. “Caltrops”
The spiked pieces of metal formed around Tabitha. She noticed them, and began playing a tune on her flute.
A pair of golden boots formed around her feet. Tabitha grinned at Laxus,  and began running at him. Laxus sighed. “It doesn’t look like my weak spells will work too well on you. Let’s see how you like this one.
“Weapon master” Swords, spears, Shuriken, and almost every other weapon formed from the shadows, and floated up to Laxus. Sweat dripped from Laxus’s eyebrows. 
“Playing possum” He said. 
Laxus went limp. Tabitha paused about fifteen feet away from him. “Laxus…? Are you ok?” She asked.
Someone in the crowd screamed. “Look at his shadow!” the man yelled.
Tabitha glanced at Laxus’s shadow. It was shifting around on the ground, growing wings and becoming reptilian.
Laxus looked up; eyes glowing red with black spots. Laxus looked around. “So, he decided to try the Playing Possum huh. And not even for a real battle, why he wants me just to make you surrender! Oh well, it seems fun enough, Spawn of Light!” 
Tabitha staggered backwards. “What did you do to Laxus?” She asked.
The monster in Laxus grinned. “Nothing, dear. He called me here, the bastard. And, he limited my power by putting taps on his energy. Clever boy. But, I am not here to talk. Let us see the power of this “Light” you have!” he hissed.
“Dance of Blades” He roared. 
The scattered shadow weapons around Laxus’s body began spinning around. Laxus flicked his hand towards Tabitha, and the tornado of weapons launched at her.
Tabitha Whistled, and a shield of light formed around her. The blades slashed at the wall, and both the blades and the wall disappeared.
“Void!”
A black dot the size of Laxus’s hand formed above Tabitha’s head. She yelped as she floated up towards the shadow. 
“A shadow of a black hole. It has the gravitational power, but cannot suck anything in, unfortunately.” Laxus said.
“Spear”
Laxus grabbed the spear, and threw it at Tabitha. Tabitha blew a note on her flute, and Myron formed. He grabbed the spear of shadows from the air, and snapped it in half.
Laxus nodded. “I have had my fun. Laxus, come baaaack!”
The monster slumped again. Laxus’s shadow returned to its normal form.
Laxus looked up. “Like the Playing Possum?” He asked.
Tabitha growled at him.
Laxus shrugged. “Black mist”
The shadows cast by the walls rose up, and began to expand. Soon, the entire was covered by a thick black mist that was almost impossible to see through.
“Shuriken fog” He said.
Laxus flickered, and faded into the mist. Tabitha grinned. “Seriously, Laxus? A cloaking won’t do you much good. All I have to do is use an area attack”
Tabitha played a few notes on her flute, and spears of light flew out of it like a porcupine. The spears were like a sphere, and cut through every part of the mist. But, as the spears passed through the mist, it parted around them.
Tabitha frowned. “How did you…” Tabitha gasped.
“Did you mold your form in with the shadows of the arena wall?” 
There was a chuckle from the shadows. Suddenly, shuriken flew out from several spots in the mist. Tabitha yelped, but dodged them. “Laxus, you already showed me this technique. It won’t work on me twice.
Laxus laughed again. “Who said I was using the same technique?”
Another round of shuriken flew out of the fog. Tabitha dodged these as well.  “Laxus, this has been a good fight, but it is getting tedious. Why don’t we end this now?” she said.
“What do you think I was doing?” Laxus asked.
The mist swirled, and began condensing in one spot. The mist formed into Laxus’s legs, body, then his arms and head.
“Bah, I still look like this.”
Tabitha stared open mouthed at Laxus’s body, which was now pitch black, like a shadow.
“This seems to happen whenever I draw shadows in. No matter. Time to end this fight.”
“Pentagram!”
Tabitha crouched, and prepared to dodge another attack. After a moment, Tabitha frowned. “Was that supposed to do something?” she asked.
Laxus grinned. “Look at your feet”
Tabitha glanced down. At her feet, was a shadowy pentagram. “When did this get here?” She cried.
“Follow the shadows. Those Shuriken had shadow ropes in the middle. I cast a shadow with a shadow. Clever eh?” He grinned.
Tabitha growled. “Whatever. The pentagram doesn’t seem to be doing anything.
Laxus shook his head, and grinned. “Oh, yes it has.”
Tabitha shrugged, and whistled. After a moment, she frowned, and whistled again. “What did you do to me?” She asked guardedly.
“Oh nothing…” Laxus said innocently.
Tabitha growled. She started towards Laxus. Suddenly, black smoke began rising from her feet. She glanced down at them. Her feet were slowly evaporating, and the disease was creeping up her legs. She screamed.
“Let me out! Help!”
Laxus chuckled. “Do you surrender?” He asked.
Tabitha shook her head violently. “No! Never, not until you completely beat me!” She yelled.
The black smoke crept further up her body, and began devouring her torso.”
Laxus sat down. “Tell me when.” He said with a grin.
Tabitha writhed in panic as the smoke slowly swallowed her hands, and made its way up to her neck.
“Allright, fine! I surrender!” She sobbed.
Laxus waved his hand, and everything disappeared.
Tabitha looked around. “What the heck?” She asked.
She glanced at Laxus, and saw him rolling on the ground laughing.
“What’s so funny?” Tabitha asked.
The sound of the crowd laughing reached her ears. “What is it?” She yelled.
Between laughs, Laxus spoke. “It was all fake. After I threw the shuriken from the shadows, I made a pentagram for Niko to focus on. He then cast an illusion on you, making you believe you were dissolving. Did you really think I got so far in my training?” Laxus asked with a grin.
Tabitha’s mouth fell open. “You are kidding… right? You duped me!?”
Laxus nodded through tears of mirth, and pointed at Niko. Niko waved to her, and ate a sausage that he had taken from breakfast.
Tabitha’s mouth fell open. “You two… are probably the most annoying people on the planet.”
Niko shrugged, and grinned. “Wanna sausage?”
Tabitha sighed, and put her head in her hands. “Oh what the heck, give me two”

Chapter Nine
The next day, Laxus got out of bed. He groaned, and attempted to wipe the light from his eyes. He remembered the past day’s events, and grinned. It was finally time do something interesting. Not that fighting Tabitha wasn’t interesting, but he wanted something…real.
Laxus pulled his clothes on, and hurried to the bar. Niko and Tabitha were already there, and were having a contest on who could have more sausages in their mouth at once.
Laxus’s mouth fell open. He shook his head. “Man, you two are like twins.” He said
Niko shrugged, and swallowed his sausages. “Have you decided on a job yet?” He asked.
Laxus nodded. “Yea, I have an idea. He took them to the board, and pointed at the one he had picked out before his fight with Tabitha.
“This one will have a little fighting since it was stolen.” Tabitha warned.
Laxus shrugged. “Should it be a large problem?” He asked.
Tabitha shook her head. “Nah, probably just some stray bandits. The due date is about one week from now, so it shouldn’t be much of a problem.
“All right then, let’s meet back here in ten minutes. Make sure you are completely ready.” Laxus said.
Niko and Tabitha nodded, and they all headed to get their gear.
Laxus entered his dorm room, and glanced around. “What could I possibly need?” He wondered to himself.
“Well, I guess I might need sturdy shoes, and a concealed leather armor.” He said.
Laxus grabbed a pair of baggy clothes, and some strap on leather armor. He headed to his door, and changed his shoes to a sturdier pair.
Laxus shrugged. “This should be enough.” 
He headed out of his room, and returned to the Main Hall. Niko and Tabitha were already there. Tabitha looked Laxus up and down approvingly. “Concealed armor and studded shoes?” She asked.
Laxus nodded, surprised. “How did you know?”
Tabitha moved her shirt slightly, revealing a studded leather hide. “You too?” Laxus asked.
Tabitha asked. “Never know when you are going to get stabbed in the back”
Niko chuckled. Suddenly, he flickered and disappeared. “Wait, what in the world?” Tabitha asked, looking at where Niko used to be.
Suddenly, she yelped. She turned around. Niko stood behind her with a loaf of bread.
“On guard!” He yelled, and proceeded to attack Tabitha with the loaf of bread.
Tabitha laughed, and hummed quietly. A beam of light surrounded the bread at toasted it.
Niko looked at the bread, and took a bite out of it. “Perfect! She’s a keeper!” Niko crowed.
Laxus chuckled. Niko took another bite from his bread. “When do we go?” He asked.
“Now. Let’s go. The problem is in Daletum, so it isn’t too far.” Laxus said.
Together, they headed out of the Guild. “Hey, how far is the walk to Daletum?” Niko asked.
Tabitha sighed. “You should know, since you came here from it.” She pointed out.
Niko shook his head. “That was some sort of spell. We just climbed out of the tunnel, and we were in Cedar Town.” He said.
Tabitha frowned. “Well, the walk should be about a day- as long as we only rest for 4 hours.” She said.
Niko sighed. “How often do we eat?” He asked.
Tabitha shook her head. “You just ate. We haven’t even been on the road for ten minutes, and you are already hungry?” She asked.
Laxus chuckled. “Are there any stops we should make on the way, or do we just go straight there?” He asked.
 “There can be roaming nomads, and they often have some interesting stuff. If we see any, it would pay off to check them out.”
Laxus nodded. They continued walking silently until sunset. Niko sighed. “Can we stop yet?” He asked for the tenth time.
Tabitha groaned. “Oh, what the heck. It is only a few more hours, so I guess we can stop for a few minutes.
 “Finally! I was worried my feet would walk off without me.” He said.
Tabitha shook her head, and pulled a piece of dried beef out of her bag. “We might as well eat now.”
Laxus nodded, and pulled one out of his bag too. Niko looked at Laxus, then at Tabitha. He shrugged, and pulled a handful form his bag. “Chow time!” He crowed, and inhaled every piece.
 “Niko, you have to be kidding me. There must be something wrong with you.” She said, as she ate a handful of beef jerky.
Laxus sighed. “Are both of you nuts? Niko, you eat enough to feed a small army, and Tabitha, you aren’t in any position to criticize Niko!” He cried, exasperated.
Niko and Tabitha ignored him. “Eating contest?” Niko asked.
Tabitha nodded enthusiastically. “You’re on!” She crowed.
Ten minutes and two stomach aches later, the group packed up, and headed towards Daletum once more.
“Are we there yet?” Niko asked.
Tabitha sighed, and pointed to the shadow looming in the distance. “There. That is Daletum. When we get there, we are there! Got it?” She asked.
Niko nodded. “Fine.”
Laxus shook his head, exasperated. “Laxus, you have to soften up!” Niko grumbled.
Laxus thought for a moment. “I think you may be right. But could I really?...” He asked.
Niko nodded enthusiastically. “Your shadow said you had so start over, so why don’t you start by getting a sense of humor?” Niko asked.
Tabitha chuckled. “He has a point Laxus. Your sense of humor is as dry as the desert.”
Niko perked up. “Did someone say dessert?” He asked.
Tabitha sighed, and shook her head. “No you dummy, desert. As in the one that is yellow and covered with cactus” She said.
Niko groaned, and rubbed his stomach. “Cheesecake with juicy spikeless cactus fruits. Delicacy!”
Tabitha shook her head. “Does that even exist? Bah, it doesn’t matter.  We are here.” She said.
Laxus looked up. “Whoa, I didn’t even realize we got here yet! Well, now we have to find the client, right?” He asked.
Tabitha lightly smacked him on the back of his head. “You dimwit, its past nightfall! We can’t go talk to the client in the middle of the night! We will have to use an inn.” She said.
Laxus shrugged, and sighed. “Sorry, old habits die hard. I used to do my best work at night. Know any inns that we can use?” He asked.
Tabitha thought for a moment. “Sure. I think I know one. Follow me.” She headed off down a street.
They stopped at a large building with a rusted sign above the door. “The Rusted Cauldron” Laxus read doubtfully.
“Are you sure this place is good? It looks like it would fall down if I sneezed.” Laxus said.
Tabitha grinned. “So you do have a sense of humor!”
Laxus shook his head. “I must be getting tired. We really need to get some rest.” He said.
Niko nodded. “And some food.”
Tabitha shrugged, and led them into the inn. The man at the bar saw them, and grinned. “Ye be looking for a room?” He asked.
Laxus and Tabitha nodded, while Niko shook his head. The man looked confused “Make up yer minds!” He said.
“We want a room- and some food.” Niko interjected.
The man grinned. “Ye guys be funny. I’ll give ye a room for ten Ryu.” He said.
Tabitha’s mouth fell open. “Preposterous! The average fare is fifty Crowns! Ten Ryu is enough to buy a well-made sword!” She hissed.
The man sighed. “Darn, I though ye be them tourists- easy to rip off. Hand me my Ryu and fifty crowns, and get out of me sight.” He said.
Tabitha handed him the money, and he gave her three keys. “Rooms 33, 34, and 35.” He said.
Tabitha nodded. She looked to Laxus and Niko, and she led them up the stairs. Niko groaned. “I want food!” He moaned.
Laxus punched him on the shoulder. “Just take your key and go to bed.” He said.
Niko sighed with exaggerated disappointment, and entered his room. Laxus took his key from Tabitha, and went into his room as well, before falling asleep promptly when he reached the bed.

Chapter Ten
Laxus woke up in the morning, and slowly rolled out of bed. He saw the poster of the Job request on the stand next to his bed, and quickly dressed. He grabbed the poster, and put it in his bag. He then grabbed the bag, and ran outside. He rapped on Niko and Tabitha’s doors.
Niko immediately opened his door. “Food?” He asked.
“Niko, wake up” Laxus sighed, as Niko groped around in his sleep for some non-existent dish.
Niko snapped awake. “Oh man, sorry. I guess I got hungry. Do you have any food though?” He asked.
Laxus shook his head. “No, now get your stuff.” He said.
Tabitha peeked out of her door. “Time to go already?” She asked.
Laxus nodded. “It’s high time too. It must be nine by now. How is it that you two are already awake by this time at Blue Phoenix, but here, you sleep later than I do? What is going on here?” He asked.
Tabitha shrugged. “Oh, whatever.Let’s go already. The three headed out of the building. Laxus pulled out the sheet of paper with the job request on it. “Ok, it looks like we should be able to find the requestor… here.” He said, and pointed to a small map on the paper.
Tabitha looked at the map, and nodded. “We’re here, right?” She asked, pointing to a small inn on the map labeled “Cauldron”
Laxus nodded. “It looks like we are pretty close. Let’s head over and get some more information on the job.” He said.
They walked to the house marked on the map, and knocked on the door. After a moment, Laxus knocked again. “Come in already!” Snapped an old voice.
Laxus opened the door, and the three stepped in. An old woman was sitting on a couch in front of them. “You here for my job request?” She asked.
Niko nodded. “We saw it on our guild board.” He said.
The old woman nodded. “The necklace is a family treasure, passed down from several generations. It went missing recently, and I have no clue how. I have always kept it on me, so I must conclude that it was stolen at night.” She said.
Laxus raised his eyebrows to Tabitha. She shrugged. “The day before it went missing, I was on the road to the armored city of Eravea, and I was sleeping on the side of the road. When I woke up, as usual I checked my neck for my necklace, but it was gone. All other valuables were gone too. Can you help me?” She asked.
Laxus looked at Tabitha. “Eravea? Is that a large city?” He asked.
Tabitha nodded. “It is one of the few cities with more than one powerful guild in it. There are quite a few bandit teams outside it though, but it shouldn’t be too hard to find someone who stole a precious necklace.” She said.
The old woman grinned. “Thank you so much youngsters. I cannot go with you, but I can offer some assistance in getting there.” She said.
Niko turned to her. “What do you mean?” He asked.
The old woman gave a toothless smile. “I have a little magic. It is nowhere near powerful, but I used to work for the delivery service when I was younger. I cannot send you all the way to Eravea, but I can put you about six hour’s walk from it. That is about where I lost my necklace, so it should be a good start.” She said.
Tabitha nodded, and the three huddled. Her brows furrowed in concentration, And she muttered something about old ladies and stupid youngsters. She waved her hand, and they were gone.
When Laxus came to, Tabitha and Niko were next to him. They stood on a dirt path, surrounded by forest. Tabitha looked up. Since the sun is rising there, Eravea is there.” Tabitha pointed ahead of them. Laxus and Niko nodded, and they quietly headed towards Eravea.
“Do you hear that?” Tabitha whispered to Laxus. He nodded. 
The trio slowed to a stop, and crouched into a fighting position. Niko waved his hand slightly, and screams echoed from the woods. There was a mad rustling as men began running away from several sections in the woods. “What did you do?” Laxus asked Niko.
Niko grinned. “I cast an illusion making these bandits think that our shadows were massive demons, and I had several demon illusions appear in the woods.” 
Tabitha grinned. “Nice thinking. We should keep going now.” She said.
Laxus shook his head. “What if these are the bandits that took the old lady’s necklace?” He asked.
Tabitha sighed. “That’s right. I guess we have to find their leader.” She said.
“Men! Do not cower before these illusions! They cannot harm you!” A voice called.
The three turned towards the voice. A man with a large case slung across his back stood in front of them, and his men were grouping in behind him.
Niko waved his hand, and an illusion lashed out, and left a small slit across his cheek.
The man ignored it. “These shadows can only cut you slightly! Fear them not!” He roared.
Laxus glared at the man. “Who are you?” He asked.
The man returned Laxus’s glare. “I am Roranora, The master of one hundred swords!” He said.
Laxus chuckled. “In that case, we have no threat from you. For what Is a swordsman without his swords?” He asked.
The man ignored him. “Give us all of your valuables, and we will let you live.”
Tabitha shrugged. “We have nothing but the clothes on our backs!” She said.
Which was a complete lie, but Niko had already cast an illusion over their backpacks to hide them.
Roranora shook his head. “Then, come with us. We shall take you to see the 10th regiment commander.” He said.
Tabitha shook her head. “Like hell! If you want us to come, make us! And, on a completely unrelated subject, have you seen a necklace that looks like this?” She asked, holding up a drawing of the necklace that she had gotten from the job flyer.
Niko shook his head. “Tabitha, the enemy isn’t going to help…” He started.
Roranora peered at the drawing. “It is quite possible that is the new necklace that the 5th regiment commander acquired recently.” He said.
Tabitha grinned. “Why thank you, kind sir.”
“You have to be kidding me.” Laxus and Niko said at the same time.
Tabitha grinned at them. “Now, we just have to go get it from him!” She said.
Laxus shrugged. “I guess. How are we going to find him?” He asked.
Roranora cleared his throat. “I am afraid that you shall be coming with me.” He said.
Laxus shook his head. “We already told you. He have to do something. Get out of our way.” He said.
Roranora shook his head regretfully. “I was hoping I wouldn’t have to sully my blades on you. Oh well, the boss shouldn’t mind too much if you are missing a few digits.” He said.
“Excuse me?” Tabitha asked.
Roranora pulled the box off of his back, and opened it. It was filled with swords. The man hurled the box into the air, spilling swords everywhere. “Allow me to properly introduce myself! It am the half demon Roranora, the bounty hunter! I usually hunt rogue mages, but I was defeated in fair combat by a commander in this bandit Legion. Until I defeat him, I will work for them.” He said.
Roranora pulsed. Suddenly, a red aura manifested itself around him. It rose up, and hands shot out of it. The aura formed into a large demon’s body with almost a hundred hands. Each caught a sword.
“One hundred sword style! Ninety-eight handed demon!” He roared.
`Laxus raised his eyebrows. “Impressive. But just because you have so many swords doesn’t mean you are any good with them.”
“Broadsword” Laxus said.
The shadows cast by the forest flowed towards Laxus, and formed a massive sword, almost twice his length, and width. Laxus lifted the sword. “This is great! The book said this was actually a warrior technique, but it was so favored it was included everywhere!” He said.
Niko’s mouth dropped. “Laxus, that thing is huge! How are you holding it up?” He asked.
Laxus grinned. “It weighs nearly nothing! It is really a good technique.” He grinned.
Roranora chuckled. “So, it appears this will not be too easy, eh? Well make this fun for me; I want to play a little.” He said.
Laxus shrugged, and ran at Roranora. He heard Tabitha begin to play her flute, and Myron formed. He immediately began attacking the band of men. Niko was waving his hand, and throwing illusionary fireballs and lightning at the men.
Laxus brought the broadsword up in an arc, but the demon blocked it with five of its swords. It slashed at Laxus with five others. Laxus managed to dodge a few, but two of them cut him.
He hissed. Roranora shook his head sadly. “We just started, and you are losing to five of my swords? Pitiful, really.” He said.
Laxus growled, and wrapped shadowy barbs around his sword. He jumped up and swung again at the beast. It again stopped the sword with a few swords, and slashed at Laxus with others. With a flick of his wrist, Laxus sent the barbs from the sword to tangle up the demon’s swords.
The demon simply flicked the swords, and they cut through the shadows. “My swords are all kept extremely sharp. A thin shadow will not stop them.” He said.
Roranora swept ten swords at Laxus, from both directions. Laxus barely dodged the first round, and the second one swept across his back. Laxus screamed, and his sword fell from his hands.
Roranora shook his head disappointedly. “You didn’t even make me try. I think I will enjoy killing the girl in front of you.” He said.
`“Stay away from her!” Laxus wheezed.
Roranora’s demon reached back, and swung at Tabitha. Its arm extended as it swung, but right as it reached behind Tabitha’s neck, a shadowy sword blocked it.
Roranora looked down in surprise, and saw that Laxus had thrown his sword with a rope attached to it. Laxus pulled the rope back to himself.
“So, you have some fight left in you? Well, I guess I will finish you off first, then get to the other two.” He said.
Laxus bowed his head. “I’m sorry.” He said.
Roranora frowned. “Sorry that you weren’t good enough?” He asked.
Laxus growled. “I was talking to my shadow.” He snapped.
Roranora flapped his mouth. “Shadows don’t speak.” He finally managed.
Laxus shrugged. There was a tug at his feet, and the dragonoid rose from it. “You intend to use one of the Forbidden techniques?” It asked.
Laxus nodded. “I do. For the sake of survival.” He said.
The shadow nodded. “Very well. I grant you the key to the physical plane. The key of Matter!” The shadow cackled, and bulged. It grew to the size of Roranora’s shadow.
Roranora’s mouth fell open. “A demon in your shadow?” He asked.
Laxus said nothing. Roranora began shaking slightly. “Bah, no matter. I will shred you both to pieces! Tornado!” Roranora and his aura began spinning with their swords. They launched towards Laxus.
“Gate of Matter, I open you!” Laxus staggered.
His shadowy counterpart reached forward, and grabbed the aura of Roranora. The shadow and aura grappled. Laxus staggered up. “I said, Gate of Matter, Open!”
Laxus’s body flickered. A crazy grin crept across Laxus’s face. “So, this is immortality?” He asked.
His body flickered again. Suddenly, he was in front of Roranora. “What the…” Roranora started.
A black scythe grew from Laxus’s shoulder, and launched forward. It slid right into Roranora’s stomach. Laxus flickered, and he was back where he was before. 
Roranora screamed. “How dare you! Nobody has injured me in decades!” He roared.
He pulsed, and his aura shrank slightly. The red swirled around his stomach, and healed it.
Roranora charged at Laxus, swords swinging. Laxus laughed.  “You fool! Don’t you understand? I control all matter on this plane of existence for as long as I can hold it! The only way for me to release it  is if there is another one with a key around, or I let go!” He roared.
Shadowy spikes launched from the ground, and impaled Roranora. As before, his aura healed him, and he continued charging.
Laxus flickered behind Roranora, and a blade lodged itself in his back. Laxus flickered back to his original spot.
Roranora screamed in rage. Suddenly, his aura grew bigger. “Don’t YOU get it? I am the physical manifestation of Anger! The madder I am, the stronger I get!” He roared.
“No matter! I shall never tire, as long as I have control over this area!” Laxus returned.
Suddenly, something flew over Laxus. He easily stepped to the side, and the object flew past him, and landed at Roranora’s feet.
Roranora reached down, and picked it up. He put the sword to Tabitha’s neck. “What now, Weakling?” He asked.
Laxus growled with rage. “Release her!” He said.
Roranora shook his head. “Release the magic, and I won’t kill her.” He said.
Laxus growled. Slowly, he dropped his magic. His shadow returned to normal, and Laxus fell to his knees. Immediately, Roranora’s sword hit the back of his head, and he blacked out.
Chapter Eleven
Laxus awoke tied up in ropes. He heard men speaking near him, so he kept quiet. “This one matched Roranora, you say?” One asked.
“Yes, I heard he would have won too, if He hadn’t interfered.” The other said.
“You mean He interfered with Roranora’s fight?” The first asked.
“Don’t worry, he saved Roranora’s life. He should be fine. I wonder why the boss left this bloke alive. He seems too dangerous to live.” The second said.
“Chuck, The bosses orders are the bosses orders. It doesn’t matter why.” The first said.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right Chris. I’m just so darned curious. I half wish this guy would wake up, so we could have him talk to Boss, and get off of this darned guard duty.” Chuck said.
Laxus sat up. “So, who is your boss?” He asked.
Both men started. “What the… I thought you were asleep.” Said the one whose voice identified him as Chris.
Laxus shrugged. “I don’t care what you thought. I’ll see your boss now.” He said.
Chuck nodded. “Right. Chris, let’s take him.” He said.
Chris reached for his hands, but Laxus growled at him. He quickly retracted his hands. Laxus slowly stood up, but immediately fell over. “Gah, The Gate of Matter takes too much energy. You two, help me up.” He said.
They hesitantly pulled him to his feet. With their help, Laxus headed out of the tent. When they got outside, Laxus looked around. It appeared to be a camp of some type, filled with men idly sitting around, training, and chatting.
The two men led him to a large tent, and helped him inside. The tent was large for a reason. Sitting cross-legged on the floor was a giant of a man. The man’s head almost touched the top of the tent, and he was probably twice Laxus’s height.
“Woke up, did you?” He rumbled.
Laxus just growled at him. “What did you do with my friends?” 
The man rumbled out what sounded like a cat being stabbed. After a moment, Laxus realized that he was laughing. “What’s so funny?” He snapped.
“Your friends are fine. But, if you want my necklace, you have to do something for me.” He said.
Laxus shook his head. “Show me my friends. And, that necklace isn’t yours; it belongs to the old lady!” He said.
The giant shrugged. “It’s mine now. Chris, can you go get this boy’s friends?” He asked.
Chris headed out of the tent. The giant turned back to Laxus. “A guild called black dragon has been killing my members. I am not sure why, but I do not have any proof but my words. Since I am only a fifth regiment commander, I don’t have too much authority. Can you help me? Find the one who is killing my men, and remove him.” He said.
As he finished, Chris brought Tabitha and Niko inside the tent. Niko was eating a loaf of bread.
Laxus shook his head. “Niko, where the heck did you get the loaf?” He asked.
Niko shrugged. “It was on a bench near me.” He said.
Laxus shook his head. “You guys all right?” He asked.
Tabitha nodded. “That was embarrassing. Some guy in a jester suit just dodged all my attacks, and threw me to that Roranora guy.”
Laxus staggered, and plopped to the floor. Tabitha looked worried. “Are you ok?” She asked.
Laxus shook his head. “I used the Gate of Matter. By using it, I damaged my body. I have several internal injuries. Nothing permanent, but I won’t be able to do much for a little while.”
Laxus turned back to the giant. “Do you see now? Even if I wanted to help you, I am too weak to do anything right now.” He said.
The giant looked down sadly. “How long will it take you to recover?” He asked.
Laxus shrugged painfully. “A week, give or take a little.” He said.
“But Laxus, we have to get the Necklace to the old lady in a few days!” Niko pointed out.
Laxus nodded sadly. “I’m not sure on what we should do. This giant has the necklace, but I can’t fight him for it.” He said.
“I have an idea.” The giant rumbled.
The three looked at the giant. “What if I give two of you the necklace, and you give it to this old lady. Your injured teammate will stay here, and when he recovers, he will stop the Black Dragon member that is killing all my men. You two can catch up with him later.” He said.
Laxus looked at Tabitha and Niko. “That might actually work.” He said.
Tabitha looked worried. “Will you be safe?” She asked.
Laxus nodded. “They need me to fight this other guy.” He pointed out.
Tabitha nodded hesitantly.  “I guess it might work.” She said reluctantly.
Laxus looked at Niko, who gave him a thumb up. Laxus chuckled, and turned to the giant. “We accept.” He said.
A grin split the Giant’s face. He grinned, and removed a studded ring from one of his fingers. As he brought it closer, they realized it was a necklace wrapped around it. He handed it to Tabitha. “Go give this to your old lady. I will keep your teammate here until he recovers, and completes his promise.” He said.
Tabitha and Niko nodded. “Let’s get this to her as fast as possible.” Niko said.
Tabitha nodded. With one last concerned look at Laxus, they ran out of the tent.
Laxus turned back to the Giant. “It will take me a while to recover. So, why don’t you tell me a little about this problem.” Laxus asked.
The giant nodded. “He is called Jester. He works for the second regiment commander, and though he is supposed to be part of the Legion, his master, the Second Regiment commander joined recently, and worked his way up the ranks extremely fast. I believe that the Second Regiment commander is part of Black Dragon, and since I found out, he is trying to destroy me.” He said.
“During your fight with Roranora, It was Jester that grabbed that girl and threw her to him.” He said.
Laxus nodded. “Very well. This man will be no more. You have made up my mind. In one week, I will leave. Until then, do you have anyone with a healing ability?” He asked.
The giant nodded. “Return to your tent. My healer will be over shortly.” He said.
Laxus headed out of the tent, and back to his own.


One week later, Laxus rolled out of his tent bed for the last time. “I am done with resting. I have enough power to go now. Tell the giant that I am ready to fulfill my promise.” He said to the healer as she entered.
The healer nodded, and rushed out of the tent. As Laxus waited for the giant, he pulled on his clothes. He cracked his knuckles, and grinned. “It’s about time! I must have been in that bed forever!” He said to himself.
His shadow pulled itself from the floor. “Quite right! I should hit you, you could have killed us! You fool, tricking me into giving you the Key. Give it back now.” The shadow said.
Laxus nodded, and handed the shadow a black key. The shadow took the key from Laxus, and grinned. “You understand you must earn all of the keys to be able to use them without hurting yourself, right?” it asked.
Laxus shrugged. “I hope I will never have to use a key again. That power… it was just crippling.” He said.
The shadow laughed suddenly. “Oh man, you are really going to like this.” It said.
Laxus glanced at it warily. “What now?” He asked.
“Did I mention that using a key without its others causes you to forget your spells?” It cackled.
Laxus’s mouth fell open. “That isn’t funny. Shuriken” He said.
The shadows began to form in his hand, but they melted away. Laxus plopped onto his bed. “You have to be kidding me. I have to relearn all my spells?” He asked
The shadow shook its head.
“No, it will be a week before you can use them again.” It said.
Laxus groaned. “How do I beat this Jester without knowing any spells?” He asked
“I may be able to help you there.” The giant said from outside Laxus’s tent.
Laxus opened the tent flap, to the giant squatting next to the tent.  “I heard everything.” He said.
Laxus nodded sadly. “So, you know I can’t fight now?” He asked.
The giant grinned. “Not quite. I have an rare artifact, that will allow you use shadows. Not quite what you used before, but still useful.” He said.
Laxus looked up hopefully. “Can you show me?” He asked.
The Giant reached into a pocket, and gently pulled out a silver ring. He put it in Laxus’s hands. The ring had a thick band, with a large black gem at the top. Laxus hesitantly slid it on.
Suddenly, he felt several spells rush into his head. He mentally scrolled through them. A grin came across his face. “This ring, it has somebody’s shadow in it, doesn’t it?” He asked.
The giant let loose a huge laugh. “Right on, boyo. That ring is Hellstone. If somebody dies, touch their body with that stone within five minutes of their death, and their shadow will go into that stone. All of their power and experience will be yours. Remember, you will still only be able to use shadows.” He said.
Laxus grinned. “In that case, I am ready. I fell empowered.” He said.
The giant nodded. “Roranora will be your guide to the camp. I wish you only the best of luck.” He said.
Laxus grinned, and headed out of the tent. At the edge of the bandit camp, He saw Roranora waiting for him. With a swift nod, the two headed out of the camp.
As the duo ran through the forest, Roranora turned to Laxus. “How does it feel, to control another’s shadow?” He asked.
Laxus just grinned. “This power, it is amazing. I honestly can’t wait to try it out. This is just one thing the owner of this shadow could do…” Laxus trailed off.
He pulled two swords from their holsters on their back. Roranora frowned. “I don’t remember you having that.” He said.
Laxus grinned. “Ah, but I do. In fact, I have any sword I want! This man was called “The Molder.” He said. 
“The molder could change an objects appearance, and texture.” He continued.
“I turned two tree branches into these swords. It is too bad Molder couldn’t change more than a few things without running out of power.” He sighed.
Laxus flicked his swords, and their shadows reached out, and rose. Soon, the shadows formed an aura around the swords, like an extension. “He could also change the reach of an object, so my swords can cut things, but not even be seen. Unless you happen to see the shadows.” Laxus said.
Roranora nodded. “We will stop here. We are nearing the camp, so we will rest to eat, and then charge the camp.”
Laxus nodded, and sat down. Roranora grabbed a few sticks from the ground, and slashed his swords together. They sparked, and the spark lit the sticks. Roranora sat down next to Laxus. He pulled out a bag of jerky, and gave a few pieces to him.
“You have any strategy?” He asked.
Laxus shook his head. “No, not yet. I need to see the camp. Do you know what power the Jester has?” He asked.
Roranora shrugged. “Nobody accept the Second commander does.”
Laxus frowned. “Isn’t that a little strange?” He asked.
Roranora shook his head. “Don’t ask. But, beware of one thing. The Second Regiment commander has a strange skill, trans dimensional movement.” He said.
Laxus frowned. “Never heard of it. What is it?” He asked.
Roranora grimaced. “A foul magic. It allows him to take objects along with himself to a trans dimension. He has a passion of taking his enemies to a warring dimension where he pits them against each other. Because of this, nobody has ever bested him.” He said.
Laxus shuddered. “A powerful magic indeed. Is there any counter to it, and do we have to go through him?” He asked.
“No, and Yes.” Roranora said.
“We have to take him down after we beat Jester, or he will kill us later.” Roranora grimaced.
“Bah, I hope your skills with the sword have increased with that shadow of yours. The second regiment commander is a master of the Katanna.” He said.
Laxus shrugged. “Not sure. We will find out. Isn’t it about time to head out now?” He asked.
Roranora nodded. “Very well. Here is what we will do. I will go in first, and remove the rabble. You will guard my back, and we will make our way to the Jester. After he is defeated, we will go after the Commander. Okay?” He asked.
Laxus nodded. “Lets go.”
The two packed put out the fire, and ran off towards the camp of the Second Regiment commander. As they drew near the camp, Laxus unconsciously ran his fingers over his ring.  
  There were several cries as the two neared the camp. Soon, many of the bandits were watching them near. One shot an arrow at Laxus, but Laxus slashed it with his shadow sword.
There were cries of alarm from the bandits, and they all charged Laxus and Roranora.
The two easily cut through the ranks of bandits, but for every one that died, another took his place. “Go! I’ll keep the rabble busy!” Roranora called to Laxus.
Laxus nodded, and sprinted around the bandits as Roranora kept them busy. He found the largest tent there, and ran into it. Inside, a man sat on a small wooden stool. He had a hat on with a bell on top. “Jester.” Laxus muttered.
The man grinned at Laxus. “Quite so! I must assume you are here to fight me?” He asked merrily.
Luke just swung his swords. The Jester giggled, and vaulted over them. “How cute!” He called mockingly. Laxus growled, and slashed through the tent with his sword.
“Hey, that cost me a few Ryu, you brat!” The Joker snapped.
Laxus growled, and flicked one of his swords in the Jokers direction.
The Joker pulled a small dagger from his shirt and blocked the edge of Laxus’ sword.
Laxus cursed. “Blast, he is too close for me to use my disappearing blade” Luke hissed.
The Joker giggled madly. “How strong you would be, if only you could harness your power!” The Joker cackled madly.
“Hop, skip, jump! I’ll hit you on your rump!” The joker called mockingly.
 Laxus growled. “Don’t screw with…” He started.
A black spear erupted from his side. Laxus staggered, and fell to his knees. “How on earth?” He staggered.
The joker cackled. “You are no match for me!” He giggled.
“For heaven’s sake, stop giggling!” Laxus snapped.
The joker frowned. “Why should I do that?” 
The joker smiled darkly. “Endgame, Laxus.” 
Laxus frowned. “How do you know my name?”
The joker pulled off his facemask. Laxus took a step backwards, his hand on his side.
“Instructor?” He asked, shocked.
The Joker nodded. “Yes, quite so! You left Black Dragon- It’s time to die!” He called mockingly.
“Then is the Second Regiment Commander from Black Dragon as well?” Laxus asked.
The Joker giggled. “Kill me, and I’ll tell you!” He said.
Laxus shook his head. “How do you tell me anything when you are dead?” He asked.
The Joker’s eyes went to Laxus’s ring. Laxus nodded. “Oh, right I forgot about that.” He muttered.
The Joker giggled. “Doesn’t matter anyways! Time to die! The Joker pulled back, and the dagger began its decent.

Chapter Twelve
Suddenly, A spear of light pierced through the Jokers chest, where his heart was.
The dagger stopped its decent, and the Joker staggered backwards. Laxus looked around. “Tabitha? Was that you?” He asked.
Tabitha ran up to him from behind the Joker. “Laxus! Are you ok?” She asked.
Laxus pulled himself into a sitting position. “Not really.” He said.
Tabitha knelt next to him, and looked at the hole in his side. “It Isn’t fatal. What happened?” She asked.
“He got me in the side with a spear of something.” Laxus said.
“Something?” Tabitha asked.
Laxus just shook his head and shrugged. “Where is Niko?” He asked.
Tabitha pointed over to where Roranora was fighting the bandits. “He is helping Roranora.” She said.
Laxus nodded. “We have to finish off the rabble, and get rid of the Second Regiment Commander quick, or he will send us to his arena!” He said.
Tabitha frowned. “What are you talking about?” She asked.
Laxus explained the situation. 
Tabitha shook her head. “That is a really dangerous power. Do you know how close he has to be to use the power?” She asked.
“Oh, just about this close.” Laxus felt a hand fall on his shoulder, and saw one land on Tabitha’s. Suddenly, they were gone.
Laxus woke up in a newly made bed. He groaned, and sat up. “What the… Where am I?” He wondered.
He looked around the room. The walls were covered with different types of weapons and armor. Many had bloodstains on them. He saw Tabitha lying in a bed near him. He hesitantly got out of the bed, and poked her.
She groaned, and sat up. “Where are we?” She asked.
Laxus shrugged. “I don’t know any more than you do. But, my guess is we are in the Second Regiment Commander’s arena.” He said.
Tabitha looked around the room. “You are probably right.” She said.
Laxus rapped on the room’s door. “It is thick. And I don’t have my sword to cut it.” He said
Tabitha chuckled. “What about all of the ones on the walls?” She asked.
Laxus reddened, and looked over the wall. He picked up a weapon that seemed much like a sword, but was slightly pronged on the sides. He concentrated for a moment, and frowned.
“I can’t make the shadows extend this.” He said.
Tabitha frowned, and whistled. They waited a moment, but nothing happened.
Tabitha shook her head helplessly. “Think they coated it in something that resists magic?” She asked.
Laxus nodded. “What else could do it?” He halfheartedly jabbed the door with the trident/sword.
The weapon stuck into the door, and the points snapped off. Laxus groaned. “Are you kidding me?” He asked.
Tabitha sighed, and got out of bed. She began pulling down armor and weapons from the walls.
“What are you doing?” Laxus asked.
“Checking for a secret exit.” She said.
Laxus began pulling down items with her. After they had pulled down all the items, they scoured the walls for secret doors. After a while, Tabitha threw her hands in the air, and plopped down on her bed. “There is no way out. We will just have to wait and see what happens.” She said.
Laxus nodded, and sat down on his bed. Just as Laxus was sitting down, a little goblin scurried into the room. Laxus went for his sword, and remembered it wasn’t there.
“Laxus and Tabitha, I presume?” The goblin asked.
Laxus growled slightly. “Who are you?” He asked.
The goblin bobbed its head happily. “My name is Bensin. I will be your armorer and guide for your brief stay in the arena.” He said.
Laxus frowned at Bensin. “And what makes you think I will stay at the arena?” He asked.
Bensin giggled. “Why, because master brought you here! You really have nowhere to go!” He said.
Laxus growled. “I wish to leave. How am I to do that?” He asked.
Bensin shrugged. “Win the Games, or die.” He said.
Tabitha frowned. “By Games, do you mean arena battles?” She asked.
Bensin nodded. “Quite so, young miss! The armor and weapons around you are the items of failed warriors!” He crowed.
Laxus frowned. “How do I Win the Games?” He asked.
“Kill everyone.” Bensin said.
Laxus shrugged. “No problem. When do I start?” He asked.
Bensin giggled. “Allow me to explain the rules first.” He said.
“No magic whatsoever. You may use any enchanted items you have, and every win you have in these battles will give you an amount of Vcoins.” He said.
“Vcoins stands for Victory Coins. You may purchase enchanted weapons and armor from the shop. You may also use Ryu.” He said.
Laxus shrugged. “Each game is to the death. If you fail to follow these rules, you will die.” Bensin warned.
Laxus nodded. “Ok, whatever. When can we start? I am getting bored.” Laxus and Tabitha said at the same time.
The two looked at each other, and grinned briefly.
Bensin shrugged. “How about now? Your competitors are waiting.” He said.
Bensin led them through the dark halls of wherever the happened to be. They walked out two massive wooden doors, and into a huge circle. The two looked around the massive arena. There were seats lining the walls, and on the other side of the ring stood two heavily armored warriors.
Laxus looked at the two warriors. “How come they get all that armor?” He asked.
Bensin shrugged. “They win a lot.” He said.
Laxus sighed. “Let’s get this over with then.” He said.
Bensin nodded, and walked out of the arena, leaving Laxus and Tabitha alone with the two warriors.
Laxus looked at the stands. “Not too many people here.” He noted.
Tabitha shrugged. “Maybe we aren’t too popular.” She said.
Laxus harrumphed. “Bah. Let’s get this over with already.” He said.
Just as he finished talking, a voice came over the loudspeakers. “Combatants Laxus and Tabitha, are you prepared to face Saber and Claw?” It called.
“It depends! Why don’t I get a cool nickname?” Laxus called back to the announcer.
There was a smattering of covered laughter from the stands. “You will, soon enough.” It called back.
Laxus shrugged. “Whatever. Let’s do this.” He said.
“Then…Begin!” The announcer called.
The two teams rushed each other immediately. Laxus dodged a sword slash from one of the warriors, and tapped the side of the sword. It immediately turned into a large sunflower.
The warrior growled, and tossed the flower onto the floor. A grin split Laxus’s face. The warrior pulled a short sword from his side, and charged Laxus again. Laxus rolled out of the way, and grabbed the flower.
The warrior chuckled. “You think you gonna beat me with a flower?” He asked.
Laxus shook his head, and the flower changed to one of his swords. “And that is two changes.” He said.
Laxus swung the sword at the gladiator, and the he jumped away from the sword to avoid it. Or tried. As the gladiator managed to clear the tip of the sword, he did not clear its shadow. The shadow blade cut the warrior across the chest, and he collapsed.
The warrior staggered upwards, and grinned. “Good armor.” 
Laxus grunted, and swung his sword again. This time, he caught the warrior across his throat, and the warrior fell to the ground, dead.
Laxus turned to Tabitha, but she had already wrestled her opponent to the ground, and was currently playing the drums on his helmet. Laxus snickered. “Oi, Tabitha! Remember, he is being forced to fight!” 
Tabitha reddened. “Oh yea. How fast did we finish the fight?” She asked.
Laxus shrugged, and turned his head upwards. “And the combatants Laxus and Tabitha finish the fight in a resounding ten seconds!” The announcer roared.
Tabitha grinned at Laxus. “That sounds pretty good.” She said.
The headed out of the doors, and Bensin greeted them. “Good work, you two! You earned 23 Vcoins!” Bensin squealed.
He handed them a pouch of gold coins. Laxus jingled the pouch. “Can we see the shop now?” He asked.
Bensin waved to them, and they followed him back through the halls of the building. He led them to a dark shop, and sat down at the counter. “Look around. Bring any item you want to my shelf. I will tell you what its powers are. I can also enchant or improve items that you get.” He said.
Laxus and Tabitha wandered off into the store. After a little, Tabitha let out a squeal of delight. “Look! A Heavenstone!” She said.
Laxus frowned. “Heavenstone? That sounds a little cliché.” He said.
Tabitha frowned. “It allows the user to enhance his or her light abilities. It is very useful.” She said.
Laxus peered closer at the Heavenstone. It was encased in a white band, and the stone itself glowed blue.
“So, this is useful to you?” He asked.
Tabitha nodded. “They are extremely hard to get. And, if you can get one, they cost an arm and a leg.” She said.
Tabitha picked the ring up, and brought it to Bensin. “How much is this?” She asked.
Bensin looked over the ring. “A purely spectacular choice, young lass! I would say this costs a mere 10 Vcoins! Isn’t that wonderful?” He crowed.
Tabitha glanced at Laxus. “Can I get it?” She asked.
Laxus chuckled. “Who am I to get between a girl and jewelry? Go ahead.” He said.
Tabitha grinned, and hugged him. “Thanks!” 
Laxus laughed. “You remember that we both fought in the battle right?” He asked.
Tabitha reddened. “Oh, right.”
Bensin nodded, and opened his hand. Laxus dropped ten of the coins into Bensin’s hand, and continued looking around the shop. He turned to Bensin. “Am I allowed to keep my current sword?” He asked.
Bensin nodded. “If you want to. But, that sword is damaged.” He said.
Laxus looked at the sword, and saw the small crack running across the hand guard. He shook his head. “A skilled opponent could slam an axe on this, and I would be finished.” He said.
Laxus looked around the room for a suitable weapon. His eyes fell on a blade with a hand and a half handle. The blade itself was curved like a crescent moon, and extremely thin. Laxus frowned, and picked up the weapon.
“What on earth is this?” He asked.
Bensin grinned. “You have a good taste for destructive weapons, Laxus.” He said.
Bensin walked to him, and took the weapon from his hands. “This sword is called the Serpent.” 
“It is very dangerous, and hard to master. It was once 1000 Vcoins, which is nearly impossible to get. The sword is a marvel of weapon engineering. There are several blades in this one, and when you flick the sword, the blades come out. It is like controlling a bladed serpent.  The problem is, it will cut nearly anything to ribbons, even its holder. So, nobody wants it now. Its current price is only 10Vcoins. And, probably, the life of its owner. It is said that the blade is cursed.” Bensin said.
Bensin went to put the blade away. Laxus stopped his hand, and grabbed the blade. He pulled it from Bensin’s hand, and waved it through the air experimentally. A dark grin came over Laxus’s face. “Let us see which is more cursed, the blade; or me.”


Chapter Thirteen
Laxus flicked the blade as hard as he could. The moon shaped blades snapped out of the first, and they wrapped around Laxus like a cocoon. He flicked the blade, and they snapped out, and slashed through a sheet of plate armor. He flicked the blade backwards, and the blades snapped back to the hilt.
Bensin’s mouth fell open. “How can you control it?” He asked.
Laxus shrugged. “How can you walk?” 
Bensin shook his head, amazed. “You can have the sword for ten Vcoins. You can have the armor too, since nobody will want armor with a hole in it.” He said.
Laxus nodded. He dropped the money into Bensin’s hands, grabbed the chestguard, and the two walked out into the halls. 
“Hey, how do we get back?” Tabitha asked.
Laxus shrugged. “I don’t know, why don’t we look around this place since nobody can stop us?” He asked.
Tabitha nodded, and they headed down the hall. After their first step, they fell into a trapdoor.
Laxus slammed down onto a bed. He groaned, and began to sit up. “What the…”
As he spoke, Tabitha fell from a hole in the celing, and landed on him.
“Well, at least they put padding.” Tabitha remarked.
“I’m not padding, get offa me!” Laxus snapped.
Tabitha jumped up. “Oh, sorry.” She said.
Laxus shook his head. “What was that?” He asked.
Tabitha shrugged. “Looks like they put some traps up.” She said.
Laxus sighed. He pulled out his sword from under him. “I’m lucky I turned the chest guard into a sheath, or I would be dead right now.” He said.
He held up the sword’s scabbard. It was plain, and looked like a triangle. To put the sword in, you would have to inert the blade, and twist. This way, you couldn’t accidently stab yourself.
Laxus sat down on his bed. “So, we just wait for the next battle?” He asked.
Tabitha shrugged. “You can, but there is no way I am going to. I’m going to go try out the HeavenStone.” She said.
“And how do you intend to get out?” He asked.
In answer, Tabitha thought for a moment. She raised her hand towards the door. A small beam of light shot forward, and burnt through the handle.
Laxus’s mouth fell open. “You can use your magic?” He asked.
Tabitha nodded. “It looks like the Heavenstone was so strong; it gave me enough power to just clear the barrier.” She said.
Laxus perked up. “Hey, you just cast magic without noise!” He said.
Tabitha grinned. “You’re right! I’m like you now!” She said.
Laxus shrugged. “Well, I don’t have any enhancing stones, though I do have this one…” He looked to the ring on his finger.
“But, my Serpent can cut through this door quite easily.” He said.
He pulled the sword from its sheath, and snapped the blades at the door. The Serpent diced the door into bits.
Tabitha nodded appreciatively. “That is a good weapon.” She said.
Laxus nodded. “Let’s go to the arena. Maybe we can move up the ranks again. The faster we finish this, the better.” He said.
They headed down the halls, and entered the arena. “Hey, we found it!” Laxus said.
Tabitha shook her head sadly. “No Laxus, I found it.” She said.
Laxus shrugged dejectedly. “Same thing. Hey, look! There are some guys on the arena!” He said.
They walked up to the two gladiators who were currently fighting each other.  When Laxus and Tabitha drew near, they stopped fighting.
“What are you doing here?” One asked.
Laxus shrugged. “I could say the same to you.” He said.
“We are training.” The second one said.
Laxus nodded. “Can we join you?” He asked.
The two gladiators looked at each other, and spoke for a moment. They turned back to Laxus and Tabitha. “You may.” The first said.
Laxus and Tabitha walked over to the two gladiators. When they were standing next to each other, they saw that one was actually a female.
“I am Staff, and that is Spear.” He said.
Laxus shook his head. “What is it with you people and these cliché names?” He asked.
Spear grinned. “You’re pretty funny. But, are your blades as sharp as your wit?” She asked.
Laxus slid his blade from its scabbard. “Shall we find out?” He asked.
Tabitha moved to face Staff.
Spear slid a long polearm from a holster on her back. She pointed it at Laxus. “Bring it on.” She said.
Laxus swung the sword at her. She jumped back, and barely dodged the blades. “You use the Serpent?” She asked, surprised.
Laxus nodded, and flicked the sword at her while she was in the air. The blades whistled towards her, and she pointed her spear at them. The spear shot a blast of air out, and knocked the blades away. Laxus spun the sword slightly. The blades launched back at her, in a loop. 
She vaulted over the blades, and slammed her spear down in one of the holes in where the blades were linked together. Laxus grinned. “Not bad.” He said.
He began shaking the hilt of the sword from side to side. The blades began rattling. Spear frowned. “What are you doing?” She asked.
Laxus slowly increased the speed. Suddenly, he jerked the hilt upwards. The rattling blades shot upwards,  and it was impossible to find where the flat of the blade was since the blades were now essentially rotating.
He whipped the blades at Spear, and all she could do was hold out her spear. The blades wrapped around the spear. Laxus jerked on the hilt, and the blades slid through the spear.
It fell to the ground. Spear hesitantly picked it up. “It’s not cut?” She asked.
Laxus shook his head. “That dosent make any sense…” He said.
Suddenly, he noted something. On the spears shadow, there was a slit of light going through the middle. He swung the blade, and it cut into the Spear’s shadow. The spear’s shadow flickered, and popped off.
Laxus grinned. Spear looked at his grin, and shrugged. “What?” 
Laxus gestured towards the spear. “No more shadow.” He said.
Spear looked at her weapon. “What did you do?” She asked.
Laxus shrugged. “Honestly, I really don’t know.” He said.
Hesitantly, spear touched the tip of her spear. She yelped, and sucked on her finger. “Still sharp.” She said.
Laxus frowned. “Maybe it only works on humans?” He asked.
Suddenly, The top half of the spear slid off and fell to the floor.
Spear shook her head. “What did you do?” She asked.
“I think I can use this blade do cut through shadows. And, where the shadow is cut, its physical self is also cut.” He said.
“I think I’m done for today.” Spear said.
Laxus nodded. “Me too. Let’s watch Tabitha and Staff.” He said.
They turned towards the other two, and sat down.
Tabitha was currently firing lances of light at staff, while he spun his staff deflecting them. Tabitha threw a small shining star at Staff.
He blocked it, but it exploded. He was launched back a few feet, but managed to stay standing.
“That was sneaky.” He said.
Tabitha just grinned, and threw an axe of light at him. He dodged this one, but not the blade that was trailing behind it; pulled by a rope of light.
It slammed into his armor, but he managed to avoid the brunt of the attack.
By now, they were both  breathing heavily. Staff drew a long weapon out of the earth, and swung it at Tabitha. Tabitha dodged the attack, and the large pole swung past her.
Staff grunted, and swung the pole again. As it neared Tabitha, the pole expanded, and became the size of a large tree. Tabitha raised her hand, and blasted a hole through the trunk with a beam of light. She then vaulted through it, and landed on her feet.
Staff grunted again. “You aren’t to bad, missy.” He said.
Tabitha frowned. “My name isn’t missy.” She said.
She drew a beam of light out of her ring, and threw it at Staff. It expanded and wrapped around him, and the remains of his staff. He strained against the rope to no avail, and soon gave up.
“Bah, you win. Get me out of here.” He said
Tabitha shrugged, and the rope evaporated. Tabitha looked over to where Laxus and Spear were sitting and grinned. “Laxus, you won, right?” 
 “We should get out of the arena before the crowd comes in and sees they missed the battle.” Laxus said.

Chapter Fourteen
Tabitha nodded, and they walked out of the arena. Laxus sat down on his bed. “I really hate to say this, but this is getting really boring.” He said.
 “I know, but what can we do? We are stuck here.” She said.
Laxus sighed. “Is there anything to do in the room?” He asked.
Tabitha looked around the room. “All I see is wrecked armor and two beds.” She said.
Laxus groaned. He pulled his sword out of its sheathe, and flicked it at the bed’s shadow. Instead of cutting through the shadow and severing it, he stabbed it and brought it up, so the shadow was still attached to the bed.
The bed spit cleanly in half, along with its shadow, and the floor beneath it.
Laxus frowned. “How did I cut the floor if the only thing this can cut is shadows?” He said to himself.
“Maybe it depends on what you want to cut?” Tabitha asked.
Laxus shook his head. “No, I wanted to cut the spear the first time, but nothing happened. The only reason I figured out that my Serpent can cut shadows is it accidently cut part of its shadow.” He said.
 “Try cutting the floor again.” She suggested.
Laxus shrugged, and slashed at the floor. This time, the sword slid right through it like butter. Laxus shook his head. “I’m confused. How does this thing work?” He asked.
 “Why would I know?” She asked.
Laxus began raking the floor with his sword in his frustrationg. As his sword scratched along the wood, there was a loud metallic ping.
Laxus paused. He looked down at the floor where his sword was, and poked it again.
The ping sounded again, and Laxus felt around the area. His fingers found a loose piece of wood, and he pried it open. It was a large chest. Laxus slit the lock with his sword, and opened the chest.
His mouth fell open. Tabitha got off her bed, and came over to look. “Its filled with Victory Coins?” She asked.
Laxus nodded hesitantly. “I think someone stashed all their victory coins here.” He said.
Tabitha slowly poked some of the gold coins. “They look real” She noted.
Laxus stuck his arm in the chest. “Whoa, how deep is this thing?” He muttered.
He pushed his arm even further. When he was buried up to a shoulder, his eyes lit up. “It still has coins and my hand is up to my shoulder!” He said.
Tabitha grinned. “We should buy the whole arena with this.” She said.
Laxus chuckled. “I don’t think the arena is worth this much.” He said.
Tabitha shrugged, and glanced at the list on their door.
“This says we have ten more fights we have to execute perfectly before we can fight the Second Regiment Commander.” She said.
“I know. I just wish there was an easier way to get out of here.” He said.
Tabitha shrugged. “And so do I.” She said.
Laxus sat down next to the box of gold. “We won’t have any more fights today. Where should we go?” He asked.
Tabitha sat down next to Laxus. “Let’s see if we can do anything today. Get a few more Vcoins. Not that it really matters.” She snickered.
They headed out of the room, and began wandering the halls. “Where in the world are we?” Laxus asked.
Tabitha looked around. “A hallway.” She noted.
Laxus groaned. “More specific?” He asked
“A dark hallway.”
Laxus sighed, and took out his sword. “What are you doing?” Tabitha asked warily.
Laxus just grinned. He began pulled back, and began whipping the sword. It slashed through the wall in front of him. Slowly, he advanced through the walls; a shining wall of blades, destroying everything in his path.
Tabitha hesitantly followed Laxus. “Hey, Tabitha, I think you’re right! All I have to do is think about cutting through the walls and…” He slashed through another wall.
Tabitha grinned. “And this is how you decide to use it?” She asked.
Laxus shrugged, and continued making an extra hallway through the dark building. Suddenly, he ran out of walls, and the found themselves in Bensin’s shop. He sat at the desk, open mouthed as he watched Laxus slow down the Serpent. He just shook his head mutely.
“What in the seven hells are you doing?” He cried when he recovered.
Laxus grinned crazily. He threw a pile of Vcoins onto Bensin’s desk. “I need Serpent changed so it has round hinges, not these restricted ones.” He said.
Bensin shook his head. “No way in Hell. If I was to restore Serpent to its true form, you would either become nigh immortal in the beginner arena, or you would cut yourself into Laxus-sushi” He said.
Laxus shrugged. “Why do you care?” He asked.
“Well, I am charged with keeping this arena interesting. If I don’t, I will be killed.” Bensin said.
Laxus shrugged. “Do it. It would make it interesting after all.  Could you imagine how it would look to see me kill myself?” He asked.
Bensin chuckled. “I have imagined it quite a few times.” He said.
“But, I will have you know, If by some phenomenon you master the Black Serpent, you would be much too powerful for entertainment. You would be forced into the Hell’s Gate. It is the arena where the Lich and the other beings of hell meet with the corrupted souls in a twisted match of gambling. Master would put you and Tabitha into this for his gain. There would be no escape, unless you could beat the Devil himself. There is no way you can do that.” Bensin said.
“Just fix my Serpent.” Laxus said.
As Bensin began to shake his head again, Tabitha stepped forward. “Could you please do it?” She asked sweetly, and gave him a peck on his cheek.
Bensin looked completely flustered. “Well, maybe I could… Ah, not because of you or anything.” Bensin snatched up the Serpent and the Vcoins, and hurried into a back room.
Laxus looked at Tabitha and raised his eyebrows.
“What’s with that expression? Are you jealous?” Tabitha grinned.
Laxus looked just as flustered as Bensin had. “What? No, of course not! It’s not like you like him.” He said.
“Why does it matter if I like him?” Tabitha teased.
Laxus growled. “Oh, be quiet.” He snapped.
Tabitha shrugged, and they listened as a series of loud bangs echoed through the shop from the back door. After a while, Bensin emerged with the Serpent, now with extremely small looping rings connecting the blades, and the blades were now tinted slightly black.
Laxus frowned as he took it. “This is not what I had before.” He said.
Bensin nodded. “You told me to fix the Serpent and give it to you. You had a knockoff of the Serpent, the shadow cutting part is in the hilt. I replaced the Serpent’s real blades. Do not even bother asking me about its power, for even I do not know. Now get out of my shop, I never want to see you again! Go to the arena master and say you want a Progression challenge.” Bensin grabbed a white dagger from his wall, and hurled it at Tabitha. 
Laxus tackled Tabitha out the door, and the dagger embedded itself in a wall above them. “Grumpy old goblin.” Laxus grumbled.
Tabitha stood on shaky legs, and used the dagger to pull herself up. “Thanks Laxus” She said.
“Anytime. Wait, no not any time. Next time, you try to get yourself out of the way, ok?” He asked.
Tabitha giggled, and hugged him. “What was that for?” Laxus asked when she let go.
“A thank you. We should go do what Bensin said. If we don’t get out of here soon, I’m worried we will be stuck here forever!” She said.
Laxus nodded. “Lets go.” He said.
Tabitha looked at the dagger in the wall again. She turned to leave with Laxus, but paused. She grabbed the dagger, and then ran after him. As they walked through the walls, Tabitha attempted to examine the dagger. “Blast, I wish I could use more of my power in here. I fell like this dagger might have some magic properties.” Tabitha said.
Just as she spoke, a bright light lit up the hallway. “What the heck?” Laxus asked, and turned to Tabitha.
“It’s a rune dagger!” She breathed.
“It has several powerful magical properties.  It seems to be leaned to light, but fire could also use it. This dagger is probably worth more than the chest of gold we have in our room!” She said.
Laxus looked closer at the dagger. “Really?” He asked.
Tabitha nodded. “Bensin probably forgot how powerful it was. We have to get out of here before he remembers. I don’t think a kiss will help us then.” She said.
Laxus nodded, and the two set off at a run. When they reached the arena, They were standing at the bottom row of the stands. This time, the stands were nearly filled. They looked down at the arena, and watched as two warriors fought back to back against a massive mob of monsters. “That’s awful!” Tabitha cried.
One of the warriors faltered, and took a cut across the arm. He dropped his shield. He grimly continued to fight without it. Laxus shook his head. “We can’t let this go on. Shall we test our new weapons?” He asked.
Tabitha nodded. Together, they jumped down into the arena. Laxus drew Black Serpent, and whipped it above his head. He noticed it extended more than before.
As Laxus swung the Serpent around, he felt a presence enter his head. “Hello again, Laxus.” His shadow said.
“How can you talk to me? I thought you got blocked?” Laxus asked.
“I did. But, this sword is such a concentration of shadow power, I had to come.” The shadow said.
Laxus shrugged. “Why are you here?” He asked.
“To help you a little. I will teach you a little of the old techniques of this sword. Its previous successful owner happens to be part of me. Your ring can hold him…” The shadow said.
There was a slick sensation, and Laxus flicked the Serpent expertly. “Thanks” He said.
The sword whipped out, and like began to whip through monsters. It cut cleanly through their shadows and bodies, and Laxus felled hundreds at a time.
The monsters turned, and began to focus on Laxus. “Hey, monsters! The weather forecast came in! It calls for strong tornadoes, so you had best stay indoors!” He called.
The sword began to spin faster increasingly around him. Suddenly, the blades stretched, held together by strands of the shadows from the monsters shadows he had stolen. He began to spin with his sword, and he became a tornado of shadows and blades. The tornado swept through the field of monsters, decimating more than half of them. Slowly, he came to a stop.
He staggered. And planted Serpent into the ground. He fell to his knees beside it. “I’m dizzy…” He groaned.
Tabitha stepped up, and planted her dagger into the ground. Foucusing all of her energy into it, she dragged it upwards. The dagger left a trail of light behind it. When she had reached up to her head, she wedged the dagger into the trail of light, and pried it open. Light flooded from the gap, and washed over the monsters. 
The monsters screamed as one. When the light had finally faded, there was nothing left of the monsters. Tabitha grinned weakly. “I totally knew that would work.” She said.
Laxus dragged himself upright, and sheathed his sword. He walked over to the two cowering warriors, and pulled them up. He then pulled Tabitha to her feet, and draped her arm over his shoulder.
“You all ok?” He asked.
The two warriors hesitantly nodded. “What…are you?” One of them asked.
Laxus grinned. “I’m La…” He started.
“Welcome, contestants!” The announcer roared.
They all craned their necks upwards. “The deadly duo, our two most promising Gladiators, Laxus and Tabitha!” The announcer roared.
The crowd cheered madly. “They have just done what only one other has; defeated the swarm!” 
Again, the crowd cheered. “This team needs a name, don’t you think?” The announcer called.
“Deadly duo!” 
“Yin and Yang!”
“White Shadows!”
Several other people in the crowd called out names for them to use. Suddenly, there was a loud bang, and a firework exploded over the arena.
Everyone turned towards the source. A small old man stood with a cane, and glanced across the crowd. “I believe I have a name for these two. When I watch them fight, it is like watching an orchestra, perfectly executed and in complete synchrony! I think we should call them “Two Symphonies!” The man said in a quiet voice.
There was a quiet lull. 
“Symphonies!” Called a little voice.
Several others took up the chant. “Symphonies! Symphonies!” 
The chant grew so loud; it felt as though the arena shook. “Very well! Thus, before us, stands Two Symphonies!” The announcer roared.
Laxus grinned at Tabitha. “Think that should get us into Hell’s gate, don’t you?” He asked.
Laxus looked up at the Announcer. “Hey, you! I request permission to enter Hell’s gate!” He called.
The crowd grew quiet waiting for the announcers response. “You wish to enter Hell’s Gate?” The announcer asked after a long pause.
Laxus looked to Tabitha. She nodded. “We do.” Laxus called back.
“Then so be it. You will fight for our master until you die; which you will, and your corpse will decorate his halls.” The announcer called.
“Bah, you can go stuff yourself.” Laxus called back.
“With broccoli. Those things are awful.” Tabitha followed.
There was a smattering of covered laughter from the audience. “Shut your trap! We will see who has the last laugh later; it is now my duty to send you to Hell’s Gate. Have a…spectacular trip.” He said.

Chapter Fifteen
Laxus waited for a moment. Suddenly, everything around him changed, and he was standing on a red platform in a darkly lit room. “I sorta expected something a little more…theatrical” He said.
Tabitha nodded. “Whatever. Let’s follow this path and see where it goes.” She said.
Laxus shrugged, and they headed down the path. At the end of the path, a tall man in light grey armor was waiting. “So, you are to be my champions in Hell’s Gate?” The man asked.
Laxus made a dismissing sound. “Depends. Who are you?” He asked.
The man grinned, but the warmth never reached his eyes. “Why, I am Charles Davidson. But, you may refer to me as the Second Regiment Commander.” He said.
“So, you are the bastard that brought us to this hellhole?” Tabitha asked.
Charles looked hurt.
“Why, that was quite mean! I’ll have you know, this is a wonderful world!” He said.
Laxus shook his head. “You made it, so of course you would say that!”
Charles scoffed. “What fool told you that piece of information?” He asked
Laxus flapped his mouth soundlessly. “You mean you didn’t make this?” He asked.
Charles chuckled. “What mortal could ever make a world? No, I simply travel between them.” He said.
“So how come everyone says you made it?” Laxus asked.
“It doesn’t hurt to make people believe you are more than what you are.” He said.
“So you’re just a normal mortal who can travel between planes?” Tabitha asked.
Charles nodded. “Quite so. Now, follow me to your quarters.” He said.
Laxus made to follow him, but Tabitha didn’t move. “So, if you were to be stabbed, what would happen?” She asked.
“Well, the king of this world wouldn’t be too happy. There is no such thing as ‘Hell’s Gate’. This is just a dreary part of Lumia, the world I took you to.”
Tabitha grinned. “Who cares about that?” She asked.
“What are you talking-“ Charles stopped speaking as a dagger buried itself right in between his shoulders, slightly to the left. A direct shot to the heart.
He staggered backwards, his mouth flapping uselessly. He fell to his knees, and rolled off of the pathway. Laxus stared at Tabitha open mouthed. “Remind me to never get on your bad side.” He said.
Tabitha shrugged, and pulled her dagger from Charles’ body. She wiped it clean on his cloak, and got back onto the pathway. “Shall we continue?” She asked nonchalantly. 
Laxus shuddered, and nodded. When they reached the end of the pathway, they found a man waiting for them. “Where is Charles?” He asked.
Tabitha shrugged. “Where is our room?” She asked.
The man looked suspiciously at her, but led them to a room. “This will be your staying for your next battle or two at Hell’s Gate.” He said.
“Battle or two? Aren’t there more?” Laxus asked.
The man chuckled. “You won’t make it past your first battle.” He said.
Laxus shrugged and slammed the door in his face. He turned around and looked around the room. It had a bunk bed and was rather plain. It had hangers for weapons and armor. “I call top bunk” He said.
He pulled off his scabbard and hung it on the wall. Tabitha drew her dagger from its sheathe, but left it under her pillow. 
They both lay down, and quickly fell asleep.
They were woken by someone knocking on their doors. Laxus rolled out of bed and put his scabbard onto his belt. He opened the door slightly. “What do you want?” He asked.
The man outside grinned. “It’s time for your first match.” He said.
Laxus nodded, and turned to Tabitha. “Wake up, you lazy seal. We have our first match now.” He said.
Tabitha rolled out of bed and grabbed the dagger from under her pillow. She sheathed it, and walked over to Laxus. “Ok, lets go.” She said.
They followed the man to a darkly lit arena. Behind a gate, there were two glowing green eyes. Laxus shuddered. “What in the seven hells is behind that gate?” He asked.
The man grinned darkly. “That is a special breed of chimera. It has a special liking for human warriors.” He said.
“Yeah? Well, I have a good taste for fried snake meat.” Laxus replied.
The grin faded from the man’s face. “We will see about that.”
He headed out of the arena. Laxus and Tabitha both drew their weapons and crouched into a fighting stance.
After a moment, the large gate rumbled, and began to rise. Slowly, the chimera entered the arena from behind the gate. It slowly looked over the arena, and its gaze settled on Laxus and Tabitha. It bared its teeth, and inhaled sharply.
“Hey, Laxus. Don’t chimeras breathe fire?” Tabitha asked.
Laxus nodded. “Yes, don’t let it barbeque you.” He said.
“Right.” She said.
They both split up, and ran in opposite directions. Laxus began whipping Serpent in circles over his head. When it was moving fast enough, He flicked the hilt, and the black blades launched forward, and stabbed into the chimera’s shadow. There was a sound much like what you hear when you tear cloth in half.
Laxus flicked the blade back towards himself, and took the monster’s shadow with it. The blades snapped back into place, and the shadow stayed stuck on the hilt. The blade shook quickly, and made a slurping noise. The sword lit up a dull orange. Laxus looked at the sword in surprise. “What did I just do?” He asked himself.
Hesitantly, he flicked the red black sword at the chimera. When it reached its full extent, a blast of flame shot out of it, and the goat’s head on fire. The thing screeched, and fell to one side.
Laxus raised his eyebrows. “That was amusing.” He said.
He glanced at his sword, which was now black again. “Tabitha, you finish this oaf off.” He said.
Tabitha nodded. 
She drew her hand back, and threw her enchanted blade. It slashed through the chimera’s first head, the lion. Missing both heads, the chimera collapsed to the floor, dead.
A stunned silence ran through the audience. After a moment, quiet murmurs sprung up. “All right, silence! Team Two Symphonies has defeated the chimera in an astounding seven seconds! Somehow, I feel that we can’t go through all the tests on them. Shall we bring in the centipede?” an announcer blared.
After a scream of agreement from the audience, the announcer raised a hand to silence them. He said something to a man on his right, and the gates closed. There were several clacks, like somebody dropped a sack of rocks.
The gates raised once more, and a massive centipede came out. Laxus chuckled nervously. “Think this one has any magic fire I can steal from it?” He asked.
Tabitha shook her head. “Doubt it. And, look at it’s armor. It is much too armored for fire or acid to effect it. We will have to chip away at one link in the armor.” She said.
“How about the one slightly behind its head?” Laxus asked.
Tabitha nodded. “Ok. You hit it first so I am sure, then keep chipping away at it.” 
Laxus flicked his sword at the centipede, and the black blades flashed out. There was a sound of metal screeching against metal, and his blades bounced off. He growled.
Serpent slashed into the centipede’s shadow, and it reared back in pain. But, slowly, the shadow knitted itself back together, and became completely whole again.
“Well, that didn’t work.” Laxus muttered.
He began spinning the blade around him. When he had become a whirlwind of blades, he leaned towards the centipede. The blade, spinning like a vortex, lanced from the hilt and slammed into the centipede’s back. There were several sparks and a screech from the Centipede. 
When the blades stopped spinning, Laxus pulled them back to the hilt. There was a miniscule dent on the centipede’s side.
Tabitha saw Laxus’s failed efforts, and began waving her dagger back and forth. “Laxus, hold it off for a little longer!” She called to him.
He muttered something inaudible, and slashed at the centipede’s face. 
The centipede charged him faster than any insect should be able to move, and Laxus barely rolled out of the way.
As he rolled, he flipped the blades around, and slit of one of the centipedes legs. The centipede screeched in agony, and ran at him again.
Laxus dived under it, and dragged his blade across the centipede’s underbelly.
The centipede staggered, and collapsed on Laxus. “Blast it! This stupid thing spells like compost! Tabitha, get this pile of legs off of me!” He roared.
Tabitha stifled a laugh, and finished the long incantation. A small beam of light formed, and launched at the centipede’s face. When it hit, it began to burn into the centipede. After a minute, it cut through its armor, and the whole thing went up in flames.
“Hey what the heck?” Laxus called from under it.
There were to flashes of black blades, and Laxus climbed out of the burning insect. His shirt was nearly singed off, and his hair was smoldering. Laxus wiped a bit of burnt centipede off of him, and snapped of one of its legs. He took a bite out of it, and grinned. 
“Hey, this isn’t too bad!” He called.
He tossed a leg to Tabitha. She hesitantly took a bite from it. “You’re right!” They both began devouring the centipede.
The audience began to laugh. It was an entire ten minutes before the announcer could shut them up. “Two Symphonies, you have just beaten the great Centipede, who has had over one hundred wins in a row.” He called.
“Just send in the next pour soul!” Laxus called to the announcer.
There was a pause, and the gate closed again.  When it opened again, a tall warrior came out. He was clothed in chain mail, and had two sabers. When the crowd saw him, they let out a small gasp. “This is Daedalus, of the Dark elves.” He called.
“He serves under the master of the house Gryphon!” He called.
Laxus shrugged. “And why should I care?” He asked.
The audience grew silent. “Because Gryphon house rules these lands. If you know what is best for you, you had best die well.” The announcer called.
“Begin!” 
Laxus flashed his bladed at Daedalus, and it coiled around him. The dark elf crossed his swords, and slammed the chain of blades to the ground. He cut the air with one of his blades,  and a ripple of air shot towards Laxus. Instinctively, Laxus ducked, and the blade of air slashed into an arena wall.
Laxus looked at it, amused. “Good thing I still listen to my gut.” He said.
Tabitha threw a blade of light out of her dagger. It hit Daedalus on the back, but he just brushed it off.
The dark elf began advancing towards Laxus. Laxus began to spin his weapon in circles. At the same time, they both broke into a run. Laxus turned into a tornado of black blades, and the other dragging his blades behind him. 
When they met, There was a massive explosion. Shrapnel rained everywhere, and there was a massive crater in the arena floor.
Laxus was imbedded in a wall, and Daedalus wasn’t moving. Laxus pulled himself out of the wall, and fell to his knees.
Laxus pulled himself up using his blade as a crutch, and staggered towards Daedalus. The dark elf twitched, and sat up. He looked at Laxus staggering towards him, and smirked.
He easily stood up, and grabbed his swords. He gave Laxus a salute with one, and slammed the hilt of the other into Laxus’s forehead. Laxus fell to his knees, and dropped his sword.
With a respectful nod, Daedalus turned to Tabitha. He slashed at her with both swords, and she barely dodged the blast.
Daedalus sprinted towards her, and brought his sword up to stab her.
Tabitha formed a shield of light, and threw it at him. When he crossed his blades to block it, she threw her dagger at him. It cut into his chainmail, and passed through one of his shoulders.
He staggered, and dropped one of his swords. He growled, and lurched forward. He slammed the flat of his blade onto the side of her head, and she dropped like a rock.
He raised his blade to finish her, and brought it down.
Laxus watched the blade arc down in slow motion. Suddenly, everything stopped.
He dragged himself into a sitting position. His shadow stood next to him, smiling down. “Not a bad fight, Laxus.” It said.
“What are you doing here?” He asked.
“These are your final moments. I am allowed to speak to you.” It responded.
Laxus shook his head sadly. “Can you save Tabitha?” He asked.
The shadow grinned. “No, but you can.” He said.
Laxus frowned. “How? I will do anything!” 
“You have to bond with your weapon, completely.” It said.
Laxus thought for a moment. “The catch?” He asked.
“I can’t help you anymore.” The shadow said.
Laxus nodded slowly. “I’ve been thinking. The weapon’s hilt isn’t like a sword. It is a little long, like a broad sword, but the blades aren’t thick enough. The blades are bound together like a sharp chain. Is the Serpent a mace?” He asked.
The shadow grinned. “Not bad. It is a type of mace, called a flail. It has several parts. The One himself tore it apart and scattered it’s pieces. To bond with the Rainbow Flail, you must accept that you have to eventually find every piece of it.” The shadow said.
“I’ll do it.” Laxus said.
“Very well. Pick up your weapon, and promise it that you will help rebuild it.” It said.
Laxus dragged himself to where the Rainbow Flail was. He wrapped his fingers around the weapon, and spoke the promise. The flail began to shake in his hand. Suddenly, there was a scorching pain in his right hand. 
The pain ebbed, and slowly ebbed to a throbbing annoyance. Laxus looked at his hand. There was a picture of a massive flail, with many different colored chains and attachments for them coming out of it. 
Laxus felt power come into him, and the Rainbow Flail hesitantly trying to get into his mind. “You save Tabitha, and I will fix you.” Laxus said to the flail, and released control of his body.
As the blade fell towards Tabitha, a blade launched from where Laxus had been, and knocked the blade off course. Daedalus looked to where the chain had come from, and took a step back. “What are you?” He cried.
They were the last words that Daedalus the dark elf ever spoke before a chain swept from the darkness, and cut through him.
Laxus dragged himself towards Tabitha. She stirred slightly, and pushed herself upright. “What happened?” She muttered.
She saw Daedalus’s dead body, and shuddered. “Laxus?” She asked.
She saw him dragging himself towards her, and ran to him. She caught him right as he toppled over. She put her head near his heart. She waited a moment, and heard a heartbeat. She breathed a sigh of relief. 
She looked up at the announcer. “I believe we can rest now?” She asked.
She took the silence as confirmation, and carried Laxus back to their room. 
  


Chapter Sixteen
Laxus slowly dragged himself into a sitting position. He glanced around himself. “How did I get back to my room?” He wondered.
“I carried you here after you collapsed.” Tabitha told him.
“Did we win?” He asked.
Tabitha nodded. “Yes, not that I did much to help.” She said.
Laxus grinned. “Next time.” 
“When is our next fight?” He asked.
“We have an hour.” She answered.
He rolled out of bed, and picked up the Rainbow Flail. He felt a flash of warmth, and instantly felt a little better.
“We should head there, so we get first choice of sides.” He said.
Tabitha nodded, and they headed to the arena. When they reached it, there was already a massive man in the center. Laxus craned his neck to see his head, and single eye.
“A Cyclops?” He muttered.
The Cyclops laughed heartily. “You look for this, do you not?” He asked.
Laxus looked to the club he was pointing at. At the bottom, there was a black ball, with hooks coming out of it. “That’s part of the…” Laxus trailed off.
The Cyclops nodded. “Quite so! I hope you have fun getting it from me!” He called.
The announcer said something to the Cyclops, and he charged them.
The two rolled out of the way, and Laxus dragged the Flail across the Cyclops’ feet.
The giant didn’t even respond. He just slammed the head of his staff down where Laxus was standing. Laxus barely managed to jump out of the way.
Laxus whipped his blade around, and it dug into the Cyclops’ staff.
Laxus jumped up, and hugged the staff. “Tabitha, his eye is his weak point! Try to hit it!” He called.
The Cyclops growled, and punched the staff where Laxus was. Laxus swung down using his flail as a rope. He then wrapped it around the massive staff again, and continued to keep the Cyclops from using it.
Tabitha carefully pointed her dagger at the giant’s eye, and launched a beam of light. He moved at the last second, and it only grazed his eye.
He howled in pain, and slammed his staff on the floor, nearly shaking Laxus off.
Laxus unwrapped his flail from the staff, and snapped it around the Cyclops’ legs.
The Cyclops slammed his hand down near Tabitha, but she easily dodged it. She launched another beam of light at the Cyclops’ head, but he just closed his eye, and it sizzled away. “Laxus, this isn’t getting us anywhere!” She screamed.
“Just hold on, I have an idea!” He called back.
Tabitha shot another beam towards the giants eye, and he closed it again. The second he closed it, Laxus slashed the blades of his flail across the bottom part of the staff, and the hooked ball rolled off. Laxus jumped next to it, And attached it to the top blade of the flail. 
Laxus drew the flail back, but stopped when it tried to lift the massive ball. Laxus cursed. “It probably weighs over a ton! I can’t lift it!” He yelled.
The Cyclops laughed. “Only I can wield it, puny human! I has big strength!” He roared.
Suddenly, Laxus had an idea. He let go of the Rainbow Flail, and ran at the Cyclops. When he reached its shadow, he put the Hellstone on it.
There was a wrenching sensation in his arm. It felt as though arcs of electricity were running up his arm. Laxus’s arm began vibrating with power.
Laxus’s arm jolted again, but he kept the ring on the shadow. Suddenly, the shadow was sucked up in to the ring, and Laxus was sent flying backwards.
The Cyclops roared in agony. “What did puny human do? I no feel strong!” He screamed in a surprisingly girly voice.
Laxus grinned darkly. He walked over to the Rainbow Flail, and picked it up without problem. “Tabitha, stop blasting his eye.” He said.
Tabitha let up her barrage thankfully. Laxus pulled his arm back, and swung the massive flail. The spiked ball crashed into the ground, and spikes of black matter shot from it like a shockwave, and it blasted through the Cyclops.
The Cyclops was left hanging from several spikes. The monster slowly melted into an oil like substance, and sank into the ground. Laxus swung the Flail over his back, and noted that the bladed chain didn’t cut into his back.
There was a massive cheer, and the entire arena shook. “Release! Release! Release!” 
Laxus frowned at Tabitha. “What are they talking about?” He whispered.
She just shrugged.
“Surely you don’t want to release our two best…” The announcer started.
“Release! Release!”
“All right, fine! I will release Tabitha and Laxus to the world, and they shall never be brought here again!” He yelled.
Laxus gaped at Tabitha. “Did you just hear that?” He asked.
She nodded excitedly. “I did!” She said.
Suddenly, the ground seemed to melt, and everything went black. 
Laxus woke up to find Tabitha in his arms. He reddened, and gently nudged her.
Her eyes snapped open. She immediately jumped up. “Ahh… that was awkward.” She said.
Laxus grinned. “Where are we?” He asked, looking around.
They stood in a small village, with several wooden huts around them. There was a small crowd around them, and they were all muttering excitedly.
“Ah, can we speak with whoever is in charge?” Tabitha asked loudly.
A small plump man waddled up to them. “Welcome to the town of Hallbrook!” He exclaimed.
Laxus nodded slowly. “Yeah. Think we could have something to eat?” He asked.
The man nodded vigorously. “Of course, of course!” He said.
He yelled something to a man near them, and the man scurried away. He turned back to them. “I am the mayor of this town. I must assume you were sent here from Hell’s Gate?” He asked.
Laxus nodded. “Yes, we killed a Cyclops and the crowd demanded for us to be released.”
“Oh, yes. That happens sometimes. When some champions keep loosing, the crowd feels sorry for them and demands them to be released. Wait, what?! You killed the Cyclops?” The mayor screamed.
Laxus slowly nodded. “Didn’t I just say that?” He asked.
The mayor staggered backwards. “The beast with the strength of a thousand men, and you beat it?” He asked quietly.
Laxus nodded. “And I stole his shadow too!” 
The mayor shook his head. “How can you steal a shadow?” He asked.
Laxus held up his hellstone ring.
The mayor shrugged. “Anyone can have that. You must have immense power to be able to steal a grand champion’s shadow.” He said.
He saw Laxus’s frown. “The Cyclops beat every champion the arena had to offer.” The mayor explained.
Laxus nodded. “Was he a bad man?” He asked.
The mayor nodded sadly. “He worked for Gryphon house. He was the tax collector before he became a champion. He murdered my five year old son when he didn’t hand over the tax on his food.” He said.
Laxus was shocked. “You have a tax on eating?” He asked.
The mayor nodded. “And my son didn’t even have any money!” He sobbed.
Laxus looked outraged. “I want to speak with this Gryphon house guy.” He muttered.
The mayor shook his head quickly. “There is no way you could! He has several grand champions in his service, not to mention he is hundreds of miles away from here!” He said.
Laxus frowned. “I’ll find a way. Maybe later. Do you think we could sleep for a little?” He asked.
The mayor nodded. “Of course! I will have your food brought to your rooms. Please follow me.” 
The mayor led the two into a small cabin near the edge of the village. He opened the door, and waved them in. Laxus didn’t even look at the room. He launched himself onto the bed, and moaned contentedly. The door shut behind him, and Tabitha walked in. She looked around the room. “This is rather strange.” She muttered.
Laxus frowned, and got out of bed. He looked around the cabin. There was a small fireplace, with a desk next to it. Next to him was a large bed, large enough to fit several people into.
Laxus shrugged. “What’s wrong?” He asked.
Tabitha raised her eyebrows. “Look a little closer.” She said.
Laxus eyed the room. “What?” He asked.
Tabitha sighed. “How many of us are there?” She asked.
“Two”
“And how many beds?” 
Laxus reddened. “Oh, I didn’t really think about that.” 
Tabitha snickered. “Didn’t, or didn’t want to?” She teased.
“Oh, shut up.” He said.
Laxus laid back down in bed, and pulled the blankets over himself. “Well, I’m not getting out. You can sleep on the floor if you want.”
“No way! You can sleep on the floor!” She returned.
“I’m not moving.” Laxus said stubbornly.
“Well, if you’re not moving, then I have an idea.” She said.
“What?” Laxus asked.
Tabitha shoved Laxus to the side of the bed near the wall, and sat down on the other side.
“Oi, what do you think you’re doing? I’m not sharing my bed!” He said.
“Just shut up.” She said. She pointed her hand at the bed, and a wall of light sprang up between the two sides. 
Laxus prodded the wall of light. “Seems sturdy. Fine, but if this goes down, you’re sleeping on the floor.” He said.
He turned over, and fell asleep.
Laxus woke to sunlight steaming in through a small window in the back of the cottage. He rolled over, and bumped into Tabitha. “What the heck?” He hissed.
He moved backwards as quietly as he could. “What happened to the wall?” He wondered.
 “Of course! She can’t keep up magic while she’s sleeping! Bah, that idea was half baked.” He muttered.
He gently pushed the bed away from the wall, and slipped to the ground. He sushi rolled under the bed, and stood up on the other side of the bed. He left a note saying he had gone to explore the village, and headed out of the cabin.

Chapter Seventeen
He headed into a large building which just had a sign saying “Inn”.
When he entered, all the sound seemed to freeze. “What’s wrong?” He asked.
Everyone in the Inn shook their heads, and returned to eating. He sat down at a table, and waited for a serving girl to come to him.
“What would you like?” One asked as she passed his table.
“Whatever you have.” He replied.
She nodded, and headed into the back. She returned with a massive plate of steaming duck. Laxus’s mouth dropped. “This is massive! How am I supposed to eat it all?” He asked.
The girl just shrugged and went to another table. Laxus cut a small piece off of the duck, and slowly chewed it. As he chewed, the Inn’s doors opened, and Tabitha walked in. She saw Laxus, and sat at his table.
Tabitha looked at the duck nearly drooling. Laxus chuckled, and waved at it. Tabitha immediately cut nearly half the duck off, and ate the whole piece in no more than a few seconds.
Laxus stared at her open mouthed. “I knew you ate a lot, but how on earth do you manage to stay skinny? And aren’t girls supposed to eat…ah… daintily?” He asked.
Tabitha grinned. “Never ask a girl how she stays skinny.” 
She cut a small piece of duck and chewed it for a long time. “Like this?” She asked when she swallowed.
Laxus just put his head in his hands. “Am I supposed to be teaching you how to eat?” He asked.
Tabitha shrugged, and stuffed the rest of the duck down her throat. There were several chuckles from the men around them. Laxus put a few Ryu on the counter, and they headed out of the Inn.
“Where should we head now?” Tabitha asked.
“Why don’t we get a map from the mayor?” Laxus asked.
Tabitha nodded. They headed to the largest house in town, and knocked on the door.
The mayor answered it quickly. “Hello, champions!” He said cheerfully.
“Can we have a map of the surrounding countryside?” Laxus asked.
The mayor nodded, and went back inside. He emerged with a roll of parchment. 
“This is a map of the region.” He said, and handed it to Laxus. 
“One last thing. Is there anyone who can travel between worlds?” Laxus asked.
The mayor thought for a moment. “There were some rumors of one who can do that in King’s City.” He said.
“Could you show us where that is on the map?” Laxus asked.
The mayor took the map from Laxus and unrolled it. He pointed to a small dot near a forest. “This is where you are. You need to go here.” He traced a line to a star on the map what was past the forest and something that looked like ruins.
“That looks like quite a ways.” Laxus said.
The mayor nodded. “As I said yesterday, it is about one hundred miles.” He said.
Laxus shuddered. “Any faster ways to get there?” He asked.
The mayor pointed to a small dot in the middle of the forest. “This village has a carrier. He could put you in King City rather easily.” He said.
The duo thanked the mayor, and headed out of the town.
As they walked, they passed several patrols all with a symbol of a Gryphon on their chest plates. Each time they were thoroughly questioned about their loyalty to the Gryphon family. Luckily, they had said they were loyal each time, and managed to avoid a fight.
“What is it with all these patrols?” Laxus asked Tabitha as they passed their seventh one that morning.
Tabitha shook her head. “How would I know? It looks like they are looking for someone.” She said.
Laxus nodded. “Yes, but who?” He wondered.
Tabitha just shrugged, and they continued walking.
Their trek to the village in the forest was rather uneventful, and they reached it easily. They entered the village to find it nearly deserted. The duo looked through all the houses, but all looked ransacked. Almost every house was destroyed. There was one house still standing, so they entered it.
There was a loud snap, and part of the floor came off. An old man climbed out of the hidden room. “Have those bastard soldiers left?” He wheezed.
Laxus and Tabitha nodded. “We didn’t see any in the village.” Tabitha said.
The man nodded. “Why are you here?” He asked.
“We need to get to king’s city. We heard that there was a man who could travel between worlds.” Tabitha said.
The man frowned. “You need my services?” He asked.
Laxus nodded. “If you are the one who can travel, then we do.” He said.
The old man smiled. “I am afraid I cannot bring you all the way to King city in the shape I am in. It might be months before I recover enough to. Do you have a map?” The man asked.
Laxus pulled the parchment from his pocket. The old man unrolled it, and pointed to a town near a body of water in a desert. “This is the farthest I can take you. From here, it is only a few miles to the nearest river town, and they have a traveler there too.” He said, pointing to a town near the edge of the desert.
Laxus nodded. “Can you take us now?” He asked.
The old man simply put a on each of their shoulders. “Hug each other.” He said.
“Why?” Tabitha asked.
“Do you want to get to the oasis town or not?” The old man asked.
Tabitha hastily nodded, and wrapped her arms around Laxus. “You need us to be close for us to teleport?” Laxus asked. 
The man ignored Laxus for a moment, and muttered something. The world slowly began to spin. The last words they heard before they passed out were “Nah, I just wanted to see if I could make two people hug for no real reason!” And the man trailing off into laughter, and then a hacking cough.
When Laxus could see again, he was standing near a large wooden house. There seemed to be a few people milling about, but nobody seemed to notice him. Tabitha coughed quietly. “Do you think you could let go of me?” She asked.
Laxus immediately opened his arms. “Oh sorry.” He muttered.
Tabitha shrugged. “So we are at the oasis town now right?” She asked.
Laxus nodded. “Yes, we should pick up some supplies and head to the river one.” He said.
Tabitha looked around. “Where can we buy anything?” She asked.
“Excuse me?” Laxus asked a man as he passed by.
The man stopped walking. “What is it?” He asked.
“Where can we buy supplies?” He asked.
The man wordlessly pointed at a small building near the one they were standing at. 
Laxus thanked him, and they headed to the small store. “He was friendly, wasn’t he?” Laxus muttered.
They entered the shop. There was the head of a man just barely sticking over the desk.
“Why hello! What are you looking for today?” The man asked.
“Supplies for a journey.” Laxus said.
“We will need food that can last in the desert, and enough water for a few days travel.” Tabitha said.
The man nodded, and went into the back of his store. He came back with two backpacks. He placed them on the table, and quickly moved his hands back under the counter.
But not quickly enough. Laxus had just enough time to see a tattoo of a flail with multicolored chains. Laxus slowly took a backpack, and made sure to show the man his tattoo. The man inhaled sharply. “Tabitha, I need to talk with the stores owner. Give me a moment.” Laxus said.
Tabitha frowned, but took her backpack and left the shop. “You know of the Rainbow Flail?” The store owner asked.
Laxus nodded, and decided it would be wise not to show the owner the flail yet. “Can you tell me a little more on the flail?” Laxus asked.
The man nodded. “The Rainbow Flail is a magical weapon that was torn apart by the One himself. The pieces of it are scattered throughout this world, and many others. It is said that when a man receives the Rainbow Flail, and bonds with it, all he has to do is collect at least three of the flail parts before he can overthrow the tyrant of Gryphon house.” The man said.
Laxus frowned. “Do you happen to know where these parts are?” He asked.
The man nodded sadly. “I know of a few. The real reason people stopped believing in this prophecy is because the found it impossible to believe. One piece was taken by Black Charles as we like to call him, because of his love of forcing people to fight to the death. The ball to this piece was taken by a massive Cyclops and is now in Hell’s Gate. The Cyclops is currently the grand Champion.” The man quietly said.
A grin drew across Laxus’s face. “And the others?” Laxus asked.
The man looked at Laxus sharply. “I will not give the location of sacred weapons to a man I barely know.” He said.
Laxus shrugged. “Fine. But, I just want to say one thing. I’m guessing your prophecy still might come true.” He said.
The man looked up. “How?” He asked.
Laxus drew the Flail from its holder. The man gasped, and staggered back. “You hold the flail?” 
Laxus nodded. “I sorta picked it up in the arena. I promised the flail I would fix it if it helped me save my friend. “ Laxus said.
“Did you say you spoke with it? So you bonded with the flail?” The man whispered.
Laxus took a step back. “It’s nothing special, I am sure anyone could have done it.”
The man shook his head. “Only one man can ever bond with this mystical weapon. You have bonded with the Rainbow Flail.” He said.
“There are others like me. Try to find them if you can. Tell them what happened, and that the prophecy will come true. And some of them might have a gif for you, like this one…” The man said.
He reached under his desk, and pulled out a pair of gloves. He put them on, and pried off a floor board. He quickly grabbed something under it, and put it on the desk.
“This is a part of the flail. The rumors say this is the chain of the earth, like you have the chain and ball of the shadow.” The man said.
Laxus automatically reached out, and grabbed the chain. He clicked it onto place on the flails hilt. “What?” Laxus asked when he saw the man’s face.
“Look at this.” The man held up the gloves he had used, and they were completely shredded. He pointed at the table, which had deep gouges in it. Laxus looked down at his completely unscathed hands.
“That proves the flail chose you. It will not hurt its owner.” The man said.
“You must leave this town now. If the patrol sees you, you will be forced to fight them. Have you a map?” The man asked.
Laxus gave him the roll of paper. The man drew a few marks on the map. This is where the only other part of the flail that I know of is. Follow the rout I drew for you.” The man shoved the map to Laxus.
“Now quickly, get out of here!” He whispered. “When I start screaming, grab your girlfriend and follow the path I wrote for you.” He said.
“Wait, she isn’t my girlfriend.” Laxus said.
The man just chuckled at Laxus. “Go now!”
Laxus sprinted out of the shop. He grabbed Tabitha’s arm, and ran towards the edge of the town. “What are you doing?” Tabitha whispered.
“We have to get out of the town.” Laxus said.
“Why?” Tabitha asked.
“The prophecy has been fulfilled! I saw the partially completed Rainbow Flail with my own eyes! And it had the shadow chain and ball!” someone yelled from the town.
Sounds of armor reached their ears. There were several loud bangs, and the guards charged out of the town. They saw Tabitha and Laxus, and began running at them, swords drawn.
“Time to go!” Tabitha grabbed Laxus’s arm, and sprinted off.
“This isn’t getting us anywhere!” Laxus muttered as the continued running from the guards.
“Oh yea? Why don’t you take a look back! I bet we lost them already!” Tabitha crowed.
Laxus turned around and glanced behind him. There was a massive group of soldiers charging at them, and they weren’t too far behind. “Keep running!” Laxus yelled, and they sprinted off again.
“How long will  we have to keep doing this?” Tabitha asked between breaths.
Laxus shrugged. “Until we lose them.” He said.
“But we are already exhausted, and they are catching up! Do you think we could fight them?” Tabitha asked.
Laxus thought for a moment. “Well, I don’t have the ball of earth yet so I cant do too much mass damage, but the shadow ball is rather strong itself. But there is an entire legion of soldiers there!” 
“We beat an entire army of monsters in the arena!” She pointed out.
“Those were mindless drones that had no brains.” Laxus muttered.
“So are these!” Tabitha said.
“We heard that!” One of the soldiers yelled.
Laxus yelped. “How did they catch up? Run faster!”
Tabitha shook her head. “We can’t outrun them! Let’s just fight already!” She said.
Laxus sighed. “Fine, if you insist.” He drew the Flail and prepared to fight. The soldiers stopped a few feet away from them. “Drop your weapons if you want to live.” The lead soldier said.
“I could say the same to you!” Laxus called back.
 Neither side dropped their weapons. “Hey boss, aren’t we supposed to explain about…” One soldier started.
“Silence, cadet! We have to make them see! We can talk after we pound them into the ground.” He said.
“Actually, I would rather talk.” Laxus said meekly.
The commander snorted. “You had your chance. Charge!”
The small army charged Laxus and Tabitha. Laxus swung his flail, and a blast of shadows emitted from its impact point. The shadows threw back all of the soldiers. Laxus swung the flail again, and a blast of spikes shot from the weapon. They slammed into several soldiers in the front ranks and threw them backwards. “You’re lucky I didn’t have these be spear points, or you would be dead.” Laxus yelled.
The commander just got up, and charged Laxus again. He dodged the Flail’s swing, and slashed downwards at Laxus. Instinctively, Laxus brought the hilt of the mace up to block it, and was surprised when a brown sword with spikes jutting out from the sides slammed into the commander’s sword and snapped it into pieces.
The commander staggered backwards. “How did you do that?” He asked.
Laxus shrugged. “No clue.” He said.
The commander drew another sword from his side, and charged Laxus again. Laxus blocked the strikes from it, but barely kept himself from being flayed. He was slowly pushed backwards. “Hey Tabitha, little help here?” He called.
There was a flash, and a dagger made from light knocked the captains sword away. Laxus swung the earthy sword, and it slammed the captains sword into the ground. “Why didn’t this one break?” Laxus wondered.
“That’s because it is enchanted. Men, pull back!” The commander yelled. He twisted his sword, and pulled it out from the Flail. He hopped backwards, and regrouped with his men.
“So, you are the true bearer of the Rainbow Flail?” He asked.
“That depends who is asking.” Laxus said.
“I am the commander of the rebel army.” The commander said.
“Rebel to any what? Innocent travelers?” Laxus asked.
The commander growled. “You are most definitely not innocent, slayer of Cyclops. I know of the darkness within you. Just because it no longer affects you, it doesn’t mean it is no longer there.” He said.
“What are you talking about?” Laxus asked quickly.
“You haven’t told your companion, have you?” The commander grinned.
“Your partner has been chosen by the Rainbow Flail. He sacrificed his connection with his enchanted shadow in return to be able to use the Rainbow Flail. He still has the shadow magic, but he can only cast it if he has the Flail as a focus. This is actually rather useful for him because he can cast several types of magic as he puts more of the Flail back together.” He said.
Laxus’s mouth fell open. “I can’t cast any more magic?” He put the flail down, and pointed his hand at the captain. After a moment of nothing, Laxus collapsed. “I can’t use my power anymore?”
The captain shook his head. “No, you can. The Flail is part of you, and you can control who touches it. It will stay stuck to you unless you let go of it, and it has some other… Hidden properties.” He said.
“That is not the point. You will come with us to the Rebel camp. As the bearer of the Rainbow Flail you are the one to over throw the tyrant of Gryphon house.” He said.
Laxus looked to Tabitha. “Should we?” He asked.
Tabitha nodded. “We are going to get rid of the king, right?” She asked.
Laxus nodded. “If it is the last thing I do.” He said.
The captain smiled grimly. “Follow me. And, we took…care of the soldiers chasing you.” He said.

Chapter Eighteen
The rebels took them through a forest that wasn’t documented on the map, and into a small camp. There were a few thousand people milling about, and doing everyday things. All of them seemed to look extremely exhausted. When they entered the camp, there was a great cheer.
“Did you find the bearer?” A man at the front of the crowd that had gathered around them asked.
The captain nodded. “I did.” He pushed Laxus forward. “Hey, what? I’m just here to kill the king, not to be a celebrity!” He hissed.
The captain shrugged. “It’s a package.” He said.
Laxus looked at the crowd. Each person had just a spark of hope in their eyes. “What am I to do?” He asked.
The captain smiled. “We will begin the war by striking around the Tyrant’s city. We will confuse his guards, and hopefully recruit a few. We will do this all in an hour, for who would expect to be attacked at daylight?” The captain said.
“Oh, there is one thing I need to do first.” Laxus said. 
Everyone looked at him curiously. Laxus held up the flail. “I was told to go to a town where I would get another part of the Flail. I should stop by there before we attack.” Laxus said.
The captain frowned. “Show me the place?” He asked.
Laxus unrolled the map, and pointed to the city. The captains face creased sadly. “You could go, but you would find nothing but ruins. We have picked up all who are left living from that town already. The Tyrant’s army hit it yesterday, and there is nigh nothing left.” He said.
Laxus sat down. “How am I supposed to beat the Tyrant with only two chains and one ball? I need another two balls and a chain.” Laxus muttered.
“Excuse me mister?” A little boy asked from the crowd.
Laxus looked up. “Yes?” He asked.
“Well, when the army attacked my village, I grabbed a bunch of shiny stuff. I thought we could sell it to stay alive. But, we were saved by the captain, so I don’t really have a need for it. But, I remember that on top of my house, my daddy had a spiky ball. Is that what you want?” He asked.
Laxus perked up. Just as quickly as he had gotten exited, he collapsed. “No, that couldn’t be it. The weapon will only let me touch it.” He said.
The boy shuddered. “I figured that out when I touched it and it began shaking. Nearly cut my hands off. But, I put it in a bucket. Then it was fine.” The boy said.
Laxus slowly sat up. “Could I see it?” He asked.
The boy nodded. “Follow me?” 
Laxus followed the boy to one of the tents. The boy led Laxus inside, and pointed to a large bucket. Laxus tipped it over, and a large spiked ball rolled out. It was brown in color, and smelled like dirt.
Laxus hinged it to the brown chain on his Flail. “This is the one!” He grinned.
“So you can save us now?” He asked.
Laxus nodded. “And I will.” He said.
The two exited the tent, and walked back to the platform. “I have two pieces of the Rainbow Flail.” Laxus said.
The captain nodded. “So as I was saying, we will hit the Tyrant’s city in an hour! Prepare to strike!” He roared.
An hour later, the army marched across the land. There were many laughs and jeers as they passed through the outskirts of King’s City. But, nobody challenged them on the way.
They reached the walls of the castle. The soldiers on guard saw them, and all massed above the area they were at. “What are you fools doing here? Go back to prancing in the forest!” One called down.
The captain stepped forward. “Our time of waiting is over. I give you one chance to surrender. We will allow any of you to join us.” He said.
The soldiers roared with laughter. “Why would we join the losing side? You need your precious prophecy to win, and that has already been proven not to work!” He called.
The captain laughed. “Very well then. I invoke the rights of battle. I, Bartholomew, challenge the kingdom on behalf of the noble Julian!”
The soldiers frowned. “Bart, you fool! That cannot be revoked! You will be crushed beneath the kingdom! No matter, you have been a thorn long enough. But, what could have caused you make such a drastic step?” 
Laxus stepped forward with Tabitha. “I could.” He said.
“And who might you be?” The soldier mocked.
“I am the one who the prophecy spoke of.” Laxus said.
The soldier chuckled. “Right. And I am the king of all the lands.” He said.
Laxus shrugged. He drew the Rainbow Mace, and swung it. It hit the wall, and there was a massive explosion. The guards glanced down where the mace was embedded in the wall.
“What a joke! The real Rainbow Mace would have sent this whole wall crumbling down! You couldn’t even get through the first layer!” He mocked.
Laxus chuckled, and pulled the ball back. “Look again.” He said.
The soldier peered over the wall. “A straight shot! He…he just put a clean hole into the wall! The amount of force needed for that…” The soldier staggered backwards.
“Throw down your weapons if you wish to live!” Laxus roared.
He slammed the mace into the ground, and there was a ripple of earth. A tsunami of dirt and stone came forward, and the massive stone wall crashed to the ground. Slowly, swords poked out of it, and the soldiers form the top of the wall climbed out. “The King himself would have heard that! We will have reinforcements soon! Let’s get them men!” He roared.
The soldiers charged towards the rebel army. Laxus hit the ground with the bottom of the hilt. Hearth flowed upwards, and encased the flail, making a massive spiked sword. Laxus swung in experimentally. “It’s so light! I love this thing!” He said in a singsong voice.
Laxus sprinted forward, and slashed the sword across the first line of men. They all toppled backwards, their armor cut into pieces. “And fast.” Laxus grinned.
The men all dropped their weapons. “Don’t kill me!” One cowered.
Laxus chuckled, and began advancing on the other soldiers.
Laxus slashed through ranks of men, toppling each one like dominos. Laxus reached the last, and raised his sword. The man pointed his sword at Laxus, and a beam of fire shot forth. Laxus slammed his sword in front of it, and the fire was absorbed by the sword. 
The earthen sword melted off of the mace, and Laxus knocked the man out with the hilt of his mace.
“That was easy.” He muttered.
There was a roar of victory from the Rebel army. “We did it! We finally pushed the Tyrants army back!” one called.
They took the soldiers who had surrendered back to the camp, and prepared to party the rest of the night.
“Who is Julius?” Laxus asked the commander.
The commander grimaced. “He is a noble who doesn’t like the king because he wants more land. He banded with us in return for being king when we win. Technically, you are to anoint him.” He said.
Laxus nodded. The commander forced a grin. “It’s time to party. No time to talk about dreary things like that. The commander headed to his troops and engaged in a drinking contest.
Laxus simply found the nearest empty tent and fell asleep inside. 
He was awoken early in the morning by a young soldier. “Julius wants to meet you, sir.” He said.
Laxus nodded, and got up. He followed the young cadet to a large tent that had several people entering and leaving it. The man waved him inside. Laxus walked in and looked around. Unlike the other tents, this one had a lot of furniture, and there was a large fat man sitting in a chair drinking from a bottle of wine.
“Welcome, welcome!” The man said.
“I am Julius, soon to be king!” He said.
Laxus frowned slightly. “Why have you called me here?” He asked quietly.
The man seemed taken aback by Laxus’s lack of caring. “I have something for you.” He said.
Laxus raised his eyebrow. “What could you possibly have for me?” He asked.
The man staggered to his feet, and reached for a chest. He extended his little arms too far, and rolled over. “Blast it! Bah, open that chest, would you?” 
While he struggled to right himself, Laxus walked to the chest, and opened it. Inside was a slightly red length of chain. “What is this?” Laxus asked.
“It is part of the Rainbow Flail.” Julius said, having finally righted himself.
Laxus clicked the piece on. “Thank you.” He said.
The man nodded. “I was thinking, do you use her every day?” He asked.
Laxus frowned. “What are you talking about?” He asked.
“The girl. Do you use her every day?” He pressed.
“Tabitha? What do you mean?” Laxus asked.
Julius sighed, exasperated. “Do you need the girl every night?” 
Laxus’s features drew cold. “Am I understanding your intentions correctly?” He asked.
Julius nodded. “I won’t need her every night, just one should be fine…” He said quickly.
Laxus slammed the rainbow flail into Julius’s desk, which crashed into the ground and shattered to pieces. “Tabitha is my partner, not…what you want her for.” He hissed.
“You stay away from her, understand?” 
Laxus whirled around, and strode out of the tent. The young guard who had escorted him to Julius’s tent saw him, and screamed.
“What’s wrong?” Laxus asked.
“Do I really look that scary?” He asked.
The guard crab walked backwards. “What happened to you?” He whispered.
Laxus frowned. “What are you talking about?” He asked.
The man fished around in his armor. He pulled a small locked out, and flipped it open. There was a mirror on the inside. Laxus peered into it, and staggered backwards.
“What the heck? I’m on fire?” He muttered.
The guard slowly nodded. “Try turning it off? I don’t want you to set the grass on fire…sir.” The guard saluted.
Laxus forced himself to cool down. When the young guard nodded, he released his concentration. “What happened in there, if you don’t mind me asking?” The guard asked.
“Julius thought my friend was a plaything.” Laxus said.
“I knew of the nobles’ tastes, I am sorry I didn’t warn you.” The guard bowed.
Laxus peered at the man. “How old are you?” He asked.
“I am twenty, sir.” He said.
Laxus chuckled. “Then don’t call me sir. I am about your age.” He said.
The guard nodded. “Sorry, your greatness.” He said.
Laxus burst out laughing. “Just call me Laxus.” He said.
“Ok…Laxus” The guard stammered.
“What’s your name?” Laxus asked.
“I’m Jack.” He said.
Laxus nodded. “Ok, Jack. You seem a bit more talkative than the other soldiers here. What’s your story?” He asked.
“My village was sacked by bandits, and the king just laughed at us. He refused to help us rebuild, and even taxed us on failing to keep the town safe. The rebel army saved us from dying, and fed us.” He said.
Laxus frowned. “Now I really want to kill this king.” He muttered.
Jack stopped walking. “This is your tent…Laxus.” He said, trying out the name.
Laxus thanked Jack, and headed into the tent. Tabitha was already there, reading a book.
“Hey Tabitha, be careful around Julius, ok?” He asked.
Tabitha frowned. “What are you talking about?” She asked.
“Just be careful around him, and don’t meet him alone, ok?”
Tabitha nodded slowly. “Ok…” 
“Are you decent?” A man asked from outside.
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Laxus called back.
The tent flap opened, and a man ducked in. “Just making sure. Protocol and all.” He said.
Laxus grinned. “What is it?” He asked.
“The higher ups want you to have the plans for tomorrow.” He said.
The man tossed Laxus a paper. “It’s pretty straight forward. You fight everyone off, and we party after.” He said.
Laxus chuckled. He opened the plans, and read through them briefly. He tossed the papers to Tabitha when he finished. She quickly read them, and put them away. “Is that it?”
The man nodded, and headed out of the tent. Tabitha grinned at Laxus. “What?” Laxus asked.
Tabitha patted the ground next to her. “Coming?” She asked.
Laxus frowned. “Tabitha, are you ok?” He asked.
She frowned. “We have a tent all to ourselves! Aren’t you going to…” She said.
Laxus took a step back. “What’s wrong with you?” He asked.
Tabitha pounced on Laxus. “Tabitha, what in the world are you doing?” He hissed.
She just grinned. Laxus glanced into her eyes, and found them pitch black. He frowned. “Black? Your eyes are blue!” He muttered.
Laxus reached out, and grabbed the Rainbow Flail. It morphed into sword mode, and Laxus drove it up into the Tabitha look alike. The thing collapsed, and Tabitha’s skin melted away, leaving a shriveled up black husk.
Laxus charged out of the tent, and threw open Julius’s tent flap.
There was a guard standing there. “Let me through.” Laxus said.
The guard shook his head. “I was instructed not to allow anyone past this place.” He said.
Laxus growled. “Get out of my way.” He said.
The guard shook his head again. “I cannot. But, I can’t do my duties if I am knocked out, can I?” He asked slyly.
The guard lifted his helmet to reveal Jack’s face.
“I was worried he would pull something like this. Quick, knock me out!” He hissed.
“Jack? What are you talking about?” Laxus asked.
Jack sighed, and grabbed Laxus’s hand. He brought it up, and hit himself in the helm with it. He spun around, and collapsed to the floor. He threw his feet up for good measure. “Ouch, I was just punched in the face extremely hard and was knocked out.” He droned.
He closed his eyes, and stuck his tongue out. Laxus held in a laugh, and threw open the back flap of the tent. “Get out of here, you useless guard! I told you to keep people away for a few hours!” Julius snapped from under the covers of his bed.
Laxus growled threateningly. “Get up.” He said.
Julius turned around. “Oh, Laxus! How nice to see you here!” Julius said. Laxus noted the sweat pouring down his brow. 
“Get up.” He said.
Julius frowned. “I am hardly decent, surely you can wait?” He asked.
Laxus snapped the Flail down, and there was a crunch as it blasted through a post of the bed.
“Oh, fine! Toss me a towel, would you?” He asked.
Laxus threw him the doormat from under his feet. Julius barely managed to cover his front, and climbed out of bed. Laxus walked over to his bed, and peered at it. There was nobody there. “Where is she?” Laxus hissed.
Julius grinned. “Why, what are you talking about?” 
Laxus grabbed Julius by his neck, and lifted him into the air. “What did you do with Tabitha?” 
“If you hurt me… you will be in…the wrong.” Julius choked out.
Laxus loosened his hold. “I do not know the whereabouts of your friend.” He said.
Laxus snorted. “And Jake is the king. Tell me where she is.” He said.
Julius shrugged. “I don’t know. Could you kindly excuse yourself from my tent?”
Laxus growled. His eyes swept through Julius’s tent, looking for anything that could fit a human. His eyes fell on a large chest with a lock on it. Julius saw his eyes land on it, and began to sweat even more. “Guards, remove this man from my room immediately!” He called.
When nothing happened, Julius took a step towards the flap of the tent. “On second thought, I may know where your friend is.” He said.
Laxus raised his eyebrows. “Could she be in this chest that is locked?” He asked.
Julius shook his head quickly. “No, of course not! No need to check there.” He said.
Laxus frowned. “Where is Tabitha?” He asked.
“Some of my men found her in the field. I was simply tending to her. She is resting in the next tent over.” He said smugly.
Laxus looked at Julius quietly. “We both know that is a lie.” He said.
Julius shrugged. “You can’t prove it otherwise. Now, get out of my tent.” He said.

Chapter Nineteen
Laxus turned, and strode out of the tent fuming. He threw open the flap of the next tent down, and looked around. Tabitha was resting on a cot while a doctor sat next to her, mixing something.
“Care to tell me what is going on?” Laxus asked coldly.
The doctor turned around. “I assume you are Laxus?” 
Laxus nodded. “Your friend was found out in the fields, rather bruised up. Julius took her in to this tent, and had her treated.” The doctor said.
Laxus shoved the doctor out of the way, and looked at Tabitha. She had several bruises and a painful looking bump on her head. Laxus turned and looked at the doctor was mixing. 
He scanned the ingredients on the table. “What are you making?” He asked.
The doctor shrugged. “Why should I tell you?” He asked.
Laxus drew the Rainbow Flail. “Because I have this.” He said.
The doctor paled. “It is a potion to keep her asleep.” 
“So Julius can have his way with her easily?” Laxus snapped.
The doctor shook his head too quickly. “No, of course not! It is so that she can recover faster!” He said.
Laxus smirked. “Want to tell me why none of you have used magic to heal her? I have seen most of you, and you all have magic, even if some are weak.” He said.
“Well, our healer wasn’t strong enough.” The doctor said.
“I saw him heal a broken bone.” Laxus replied.
The doctor turned, and ran from the tent. Laxus didn’t bother chasing him, and turned to Tabitha. He poked her on one of the bruises. When she didn’t move, he poked her several more times. Suddenly, she sat up. “Wha… where am I?” She asked.
“I told you to be careful around Julius.” Laxus said.
Tabitha paled. “That monster! I was training in the fields, and some soldiers came up to me. They asked what I was doing, and when I went to answer, they stuffed something into my mouth! While I was stunned, they started kicking me all over.” 
She hesitantly poked one of her bruises. She flinched. “Those boots must have been steel tipped.” She muttered.
“Let’s get you to a healer.” Laxus helped Tabitha to her feet, and they hobbled to the healer’s tent.
“What happened?” The healer asked when he saw Tabitha.
“Heal her first.” Laxus replied.
The man nodded, and held his hands over Tabitha, and closed his eyes. The bruises slowly faded away when he touched them. “Are there any more?” He asked.
Tabitha shook her head. “Not where I want you.” She replied.
The man reddened. “Of course not! I was going to offer you a balm.” He said.
Tabitha nodded. “Then, I would need that.” She replied.
The healer headed into a large mess of ingredients, and pulled out a little bottle. “Just rub this on.” He said.
Tabitha took the bottle, and they headed out of the healing tent. “All soldiers, to their position! All soldiers, to their position! We are marching on King’s City once more! We will be hitting the villages just passed the wall we terminated earlier!”
Laxus sprinted off to the commander’s tent. He met the commander just as he was coming out of his tent. “Ready to stab some meat?” The commander asked.
Laxus shuddered. “Please don’t put it that way.” He said.
The two chuckled, and headed to the front lines of the formation. They then marched towards the wall they had destroyed earlier. There was a small region of soldiers guarding the area.
Laxus walked up to the very front of the rebel army. “Move aside now, or be crushed.” He said.
One of the enemy soldiers stepped forward. “Who am I speaking to?” He asked.
“I am Laxus.” 
“Then, die with the scum you associate, Laxus.” The soldier said, and raised his hand. A hail of burning arrows arched towards the Rebel army. Laxus drew the Flail, and began to spin it. The arrows all rattled against the flail, and fell to the ground.
Laxus swung the now flaming Flail into the enemy ranks, and crushed through several ranks of soldiers. The army waded in behind him, some throwing spells, others arrows.
It didn’t take long for the rebel army to easily destroy the kings’.
The rebel army continued to a nearby village, and destroyed any opposition they had. They then settled into it for the night.
“What is the point of all these battles? Why don’t we just take out the king?” Laxus asked the commander as the commanders and leaders of the rebel army sat eating dinner.
“We have to show the king that we are no longer prey to him. We will wade through his city, and destroy anything and anyone loyal to him.” Julius said.
Laxus glowered at Julius. “I wasn’t talking to you.” He said.
“When will we attack next?” Laxus asked.
“We will hit the main gates of the city tomorrow morning.” A sergeant said.
Laxus nodded. “I am going to sleep then.” Laxus left the building, and collapsed into the first open cabin he found.
When Laxus woke up, he could already hear the rebel army preparing. He pulled on some slight leather armor, and headed out to meet the commander. When the rest of the army had pulled together, they headed out to the city.
The army charged at the city’s main gates. Many of the rebels were picked off when they neared the gate, but the majority made it. Laxus began smashing the gate to pieces with his Flail.
When he had broken the gate down, the rebel army charged past him, and engaged the enemy. Laxus focused in on a man with a large mace. Its end was a flaming red ball that looked like a sun. “I think that is the last part for the prophecy.” Laxus said.
He walked up to the man. The man looked Laxus up and down. “I am Tarus. I assume you are the holder of the Rainbow Flail?” He asked.
Laxus nodded. “And your defeat. Lay down your weapon, and I will not kill you.” He said.
Tarus shook his head. “I could not, even if I wanted to. This is a matter of honor. One of us will die here, by sword or spell.” He said.
Laxus nodded, and swung the flail at him. Tarus nimbly rolled out of the way, and slashed at Laxus’s feet. Laxus jumped, and brought the Flail down. Tarus blocked it with his mace, and returned the hit. Laxus changed the flail to a sword, and blocked it.
Tarus nodded at Laxus’s skill, and used the mace to vault over Laxus. Tarus kicked Laxus in the back, and slammed the hilt of the mace into Laxus’s chest plate. The hit was so strong it dented it. 
Laxus staggered backwards, and swung the sword at Tarus. He jumped out of the way, but a spike from the sword snagged his mace, and threw him to the ground.
He rolled up, and threw his mace at Laxus. When Laxus rolled, he shot a beam of fire at him from his mouth.
Laxus raised his sword, and the beam was absorbed into it. “Fire from your mouth? What are you, a dragon?” Laxus quipped.
Tarus said nothing, and blew another burst of fire at Laxus.
Laxus changed the sword back, and slammed his mace into Tarus’s shadow.
Laxus began to pull, but froze when he saw what Tarus’s shadow looked like.
Tarus’s shadow was massive and hulking, with two wings, a tail, and a lizard like head.
“By all that is Holy, you are a dragon!” Laxus whispered.
Laxus was caught off guard by a heavy blow to the chest from the mace, and he slammed into a wall.
Laxus hacked up a little blood. He pulled off his armor, and threw it onto the ground. He felt his ribs. “Dislocated.” He muttered.
He twisted his body sharply, and there was a loud snap. Tarus actually winced. “That looked painful.” He said.
“Don’t even start.” Laxus muttered.
They both laughed. “It is a shame to kill you.” Tarus sighed.
“You won’t kill me that easy.” Laxus said.
Tarus shook his head. “I am afraid I will. You don’t live ten centuries without learning how to fight. Maybe I will leave you alive and put you in the dungeon. Yes, I like that idea. You might even live through it!” 
Tarus bulged, and wings burst from his back. He put his hand on Laxus’s head. Laxus reached up, but found he couldn’t move it. Tarus’s arms rippled, and bulged. His hand turned into a massive claw, and covered Laxus’s face.
Tarus reached down towards Laxus’s face. “I can’t have you seeing though, much too dangerous.” He said.
His claw drew near to Laxus’s eye. Suddenly, The dragon shuddered, and his claw fell. He returned to normal size. Laxus pushed the man’s hand off of him, and saw a sword protruding from the dragon’s chest.
The man toppled sideways to reveal Jack. “Saved you.” Jack said happily.
Laxus shook his head. “You really are something.” He said.
Jack grinned. “I know! I had to take a detour to save you though, I have to get the towns people out of here! I don’t want them hurt in the battle.” He said.
Laxus nodded. “That is a wise choice.” 
Laxus grabbed the man’s staff, and pulled the sun ball off. He connected it to his Flail. “Lets go…” Laxus was cut off by a blow to the head.
Laxus toppled to the ground, knocked out. Jack looked up, but was too late, as he too collapsed to the ground.


Laxus woke up in a dungeon. He pulled himself to his feet. “What the heck happened?” He muttered.
“Not really sure.” Jack said from beside him.
“How did you get here?” Laxus asked.
Jack smacked Laxus. “Same way you did, dimwit! I have no clue.” He said.
Laxus headed for the dungeon door. He stopped when he realized he was chained to the wall. “Darn it. I don’t assume you have my Flail?” Laxus asked.
Jack chuckled. “No, you do. You just have to call it.” He said.
Laxus frowned. “Like this? Here, flaily, flaily!” 
Jack burst out laughing when the Rainbow Flail materialized in Laxus’s face. “That works.” He said.
Laxus shook his head, and grabbed the flail. He brought it down on the chains. “Huh? They didn’t break.” He said.
Jack nodded. “They must be the distribution chains the Tyrant invented. They push of the blast into whatever is next to them, and can take massive amounts of damage.”
Laxus nodded. “Any weaknesses?” He asked.
Jack nodded. “If you have a furnace, then yes. Otherwise, none.” He said.
Laxus grinned. “Great. It so happens we do have a furnace.” He said.
Jack grinned. “That’s right! You can set yourself on fire!” He grinned.
Laxus concentrated on the Flail, and feeling really hot. He felt himself slowly heating up. “Ok, Laxus! I think that’s enough! We don’t need you melting through the floor!” Jack said.
Laxus released his concentration after tapping Jack’s chain.
“You realize you were oozing out magma, right?” Jack asked.
Laxus shrugged. “Not much of a change from my awesomeness.” He said.
Jack chuckled. “Let’s go.” 
Laxus burned through their door, and they headed out of the dungeon. 
As they walked, They heard footsteps coming around the corner. “Quick, hide!” Jack hissed.
They squatted down behind a table as Tabitha walked by. “Where the heck am I?” She muttered.
Laxus jumped up. “Tabitha! What are you doing here?” He whispered.
Tabitha turned, and nearly stabbed him with her dagger. “Laxus! You’re ok!” She grinned and hugged him.
“Hate to break you guys up, but we have to go kill the Tyrant.” Jack said from next to them.
Tabitha reddened. “I didn’t see you there.” She whispered.
Jack shrugged. “Let’s just go.” He said.

Chapter Twenty
The three quietly made their way up through the castle. After accidently burning down several rooms, and collapsing over half the castle, they found the center tower. “Laxus, remind me how you ‘accidently’ burned down the kitchen?” Tabitha whispered to him.
“They had bad food. It made me mad.” Laxus whispered back.
Tabitha shook her head. “You are starting to sound like Niko.” She replied.
“Let’s go already!” Jack said.
The three hurried up the stairs, and burst into the Tyrant’s throne room. It was filled to the brim with guards, who all charged them. “Laxus, you go handle the King! We will keep the guards busy.” She said.
Laxus nodded, and ran past them. A man sat in a large throne watching them all. When Laxus saw him, he staggered back. “Viekus? You’re the king?” 
Viekus, the leader of Black Dragon, grinned down at Laxus. “Hello, my stray puppy. Have you come back to daddy?” He whispered.
Laxus growled. “Never! I’ll die and rise again before I do!” Laxus snapped.
Laxus swung his Flail at Viekus. When it neared him, it suddenly stopped. “Didn’t you ever wonder how I stayed alive? I have a nice little shield.” Viekus grinned.
Laxus growled, and changed his flail to a sword. “I am fed up with you, Viekus. You have murdered countless people, and it is time for someone to end you.” Laxus said.
As he spoke, his sword grew black. Laxus began flickering with fire. Viekus’s eyes lost a little of their confidence. “You can’t hurt me. Nobody can.” He said.
Laxus nodded. “You’re right. Nobody can hurt you. But, your shadow is a different matter.” As Laxus finished, his body burst into bright flames which traveled down his sword. Laxus slammed the sword into Viekus’s shadow.
There was an earsplitting wail, and Viekus’s shadow began to tear. Everyone in the courtyard looked up at the tower. Laxus slashed through the entire front of the tower, giving everyone in the courtyard a clear view.
“I am Laxus, the bearer of the Rainbow Flail!” Laxus roared.
“Your king has been a tyrant to all of you, and it is time for that to end.” 
“I ask you all to watch and see, the truth. This man is pure evil, and will do anything for himself, no matter the collateral damage.” Laxus called.
“Viekus, I give you an option. Your life, or the life of your subjects? If you live, your subjects die. If you die, I let your people live.” Laxus called.
The square grew quiet. “Kill them! Kill them all! Just don’t kill me!” Viekus screamed.
Laxus growled. “Do you see now?” Is there a single person who would say this man is a good king?” Laxus called.
There was silence. “Would any object if I was to replace this man with one more suited to the crown?” 
There was a roar of agreement. Laxus nodded. “Then, I remove your title, Viekus. I understand that Black Dragon will continue without you. But, no matter. I will destroy them too. Goodbye, the head of the Black Dragon.” Laxus slashed through the remains of Viekus’s shadow, and dropped him. 
Viekus’s long wail was cut short as he hit the ground. There was silence for a long few seconds. Then, everyone in the courtyard began to cheer. Laxus held up a hand. “This is not quite over, is it?” He called.
“I need to select a new king! Am I correct?” 
Both armies roared “Yes!”
A voice spoke up from the crowd. “And that would be me, of course!” Julius strutted forward from the rebel army. “As the rebel army promised me, I am now the king! And you are all my subjects!” He called smugly.
“Not quite yet, Julius!” Laxus returned.
“I understand the prophecy says I have to choose the king. But, I want to see something.” Laxus turned to the crowd.
“I don’t assume you want another noble born ruling you, do you? I bet you want someone who shared your suffering, and pain!” Laxus called.
There was a quiet pause. “Don’t put the bad man in charge!” A little boy yelled.
His mother hushed him quickly. Laxus nodded. “I believe that young man has spoken all our thoughts, has he not?” Laxus called.
The crowd slowly began cheering. “New blood! New blood!”
Laxus held up his hand again. “I have an idea on who could fill this spot. True, I have only known him for a little, but he is compassionate, and puts others above himself. Does that sound good to all of you?” Laxus called.
The crowd roared their agreement once again.
“In that case, I nominate Jack the Compassionate for King!” Laxus roared.
The loud cheering was cut off by Jack choking. Tabitha pushed him up next to Laxus.
“Laxus, are you kidding me? I am just a peasant who picked up a sword. And was ‘The compassionate’ the best name you could think up?”
The crowd laughed. “No, I just decided to mess with you a bit. I don’t think it will go away anytime soon.” Laxus grinned.
He grabbed Jack’s hand, and raised in the air. “It seems that our good king Jack has forgotten what to say! I believe it goes something like… ‘I, Jack, accept your request for my kingship and blah blah blah, more political stuff. Lets party!” Laxus roared.
“Hold up, I was supposed to be king!” Julius screamed.
The crowd grew quiet. “Julius, am I correct that the rebel army promised you this?” Laxus asked.
“It is!” 
“In that case, I leave the rebel army, and everything it stands for. I am my own man now. Now, as I was saying, Jack you are the king.” Laxus said.
The crowd burst out laughing again.
Jack held up a hand. “Since it looks like Laxus is going to force me to do this, I will make my first rule as a king. The king now longer has full power, but a council. This council we composed of people of every status, and of every view. It will be equally balanced, and nobody will have a higher standing than another. During votes, the king will simply have a single more vote.” Jack called.
The crowd roared its approval. “And now, its time to party! Let us honor the ones who fought bravely, and relax for the rest of the day!” Jack called.


Epilogue
It had been almost a month since Laxus crowned Jack.
Laxus had moved in with Tabitha in a small cabin, and they were looking for someone who could return them to the land they came from. So far, they had had absolutely no luck.
A knock on the door woke Laxus up from his book. He stretched, and got up. He opened the door, and there was a small package on it. Laxus picked it up. It had a small note attached to it. Laxus read it out loud to Tabitha, who was standing near him. “Dear Laxus, I have decided to break the rules again. Since you killed your only way of getting back to your world, Viekus, I will help you. Learn this incantation, and say it while you have your arms touching anything you wish to bring with you. You may use this as many times as you like, so make sure to keep in touch with your friends.- BD”
Laxus grinned. “Good old Black Dragon, still keeping up with me.”
“Isn’t BD your shadow?” Tabitha asked.
Laxus nodded. “Quite so. Please go get all of our friends, we will leave immediately.” He said.
Tabitha nodded, and ran out of the house. Laxus sat down, and began memorizing the page.
By the time Tabitha had returned, Laxus had memorized the spell. “Hello all. It is time for Tabitha and I to return to where we came from. I promise we will return one day.” He said.
Jack nodded. “I knew this day would come. I have a present for both of you, but I will give it to you at the last second.” He said.
The commander nodded. “Jack’s gift is from both of us.” He said.
“I will say the spell, and there will be a brief five second pause before we teleport.” Laxus said.
Jack nodded, and Laxus began to recite the spell. When he finished, He nodded at Jack. Jack had a huge grin on his face. “Just kiss already!” He yelled, and at the same time, they pushed Laxus and Tabitha’s faces together. Tabitha’s eyes widened briefly, then closed. She wrapped her arms around Laxus tighter. Laxus did the same.
The last thing Laxus saw was Jack winking at him. 
**********
As the rest of the kingdom rebuilt, Julius the noble sat fuming in a small hut King Jack had given to him. “At least the darned brat didn’t open the chest. Who knows what would have happened then. Well, no matter. The Rainbow Flail’s wielder is gone with it, and there is nobody to keep me away from the crown. I will crush the boy, and his kingdom. After all, does not the king pass down the thrown to his son?”
