World of Many Colors: Trick
By Stacey T. Hunt
Copyrighted 2013 by Stacey T. Hunt
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents
Title Page
Copyright Notice
Opening
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Acknowledgments
About the Author
Books by Stacey T. Hunt
Copyright 

To Emily Hunt
Opening

Ashton Blake was lying on a burning pyre, hot coals beneath his back.
Smoke. Flames. Blisters bursting across his skin. A sharp sting in the center of his left eye. He tried to crawl but was as useless as bicycle pedals on a wheelchair. He tried to drag his body from the fire, reaching his hands, but the flames stretched off endlessly.
Bodies surrounded him, writhing and burning against the coals, moaning for water, for freedom. He shrank away from the bodies, noticing each of them starting to glow blue, something stretching out of their backs. A spirit? A demon?
Ashton saw his father. Screaming. Accusing him. He had done this to him, he had brought the flames and destruction.
He began begging for forgiveness, but Ashton’s breath caught in his throat when his sight landed on his hand. It wasn’t a hand at all, but an insect-leg, and it was glowing blue, crackling with energy. Then he screamed, louder than he ever had before. He was becoming one of them. A monster.
A skyrunner.
A terrible creature spawned from the negative emotions of people like Ashton, people called Others. They were a race of subconscious beings come to life with a real-self on Earth. Whenever a real-self felt negative emotion, their Other would create a monster. And, in some cases, they’d become one.
It was terrifying.
When Ashton looked up again, his father was glowing blue and a skyrunner was stretching out of his back. Then another, and another.
The same process was happening to everyone else as they burned, making it all that much more painful not only to watch, but for the person to endure.
A deep voice reverberated around him. “Ready, now? Let’s begin the operation.”
The words echoed in his head like the footsteps of a night sentry. His body jolted, but he couldn’t move. His limbs were trapped, pinned down. The smell of smoke still seemed to linger, the heat dying away, leaving only a sore back as the sharp pain decreased from his left eye. His father faded away, the coals and flames sank into the ground.
Ashton’s eyes snapped open, but there was only darkness. His breaths came out as gasps, relieved that it was only a dream. It was all only a frighteningly vivid dream. One dream of many alike that he had often. He shut his eyes tightly, trying to calm his beating heart.
Sounds of wheels and the hum of energy rumbled around him, and the darkness warmed, a subtle crimson flashing beyond his eyelids. Ashton’s eyes squinted open, focusing in the harsh fluorescent.
“Ah, the patient is awake,” the same voice from before rebounded in the spacious room.
Ashton tried to lift a hand to cover his eyes, let them adjust, but his arm was locked in place, and he began feeling quite panicked. He forced his eyes open and craned his neck to the side, trying to see who had spoken.
The room was bright now, and the wall to his right appeared to be some very foggy glass. There were silhouettes racing around behind, each unidentifiable. Except one, who simply stood, his hands behind his back. Watching him.
“How are you feeling, Ashton?” the same voice asked.
Ashton was still looking around, trying to take in the gizmos all parked around him. There were surgical toys and needles, but there were even more mechanical arms hanging in the ceiling. Some with claws, others with saws and scissors, but only one had a needle with a thick silver liquid sloshing around inside. Ashton didn’t know if it was a trick of the light or his own imagination, but he could’ve sworn he saw sparks and flashes snapping off the liquid.
“Now, if you’ll just cooperate, we can make this quick and simple,” the voice said. “We are trained professionals and have undergone this process many times before. The test should be no different for you.”
Ashton scowled. “That’s hilarious. How many have you murdered already with your cure?”
A silence. Something beeping behind him. Dozens of eyes probably focused on him from behind the glass.
Now that the fog had cleared from his brain, he remembered what he was doing here.
Every Other aged sixteen or older were being randomly chosen to test what was being called a “cure”. The first step in the process was to insert a serum filled with fiendorphins, which were the cells that helped induce negative emotion in an Other. The Other would feel a horrible, unbearable negative feeling, and just before they released a skyrunner, a second serum would be injected; the cure. This cure, after injected into the subject, was supposed to prevent the subject from ever spawning another Skyrunner ever again.
It all sounded so wonderful, utterly unbelievable, except for one thing; not one test had passed. The Other would either become a skyrunner themself, or they’d result in death. So the scientists kept coming out with new serums, new samples, and kept testing them. And Ashton had been the next to be chosen.
Now, he would be the next one to die.
A chill ran up his spine when one of the mechanical arms holding the needle moved closer. Ashton thumped his head back on the padded exam table, tissue paper crinkling beneath him. “Keep your surgical tools away from me.”
“I promise you, Ashton, this wont hurt a bit.”
“Liar.”
The voice chuckled. “Don’t fret now. You are doing your fellow citizens a great service by being here,” he then pushed a button, and the mechanical arm proceeded.
Ashton jerked away, twisting his neck in an effort to avoid the needle, but another arm came up behind him with cold prongs and gripped his scalp, forcing his head into the tissue paper. He thrashed his arms and legs, but it was useless.
Maybe if he put up enough of a fight, that would give them no other choice but to knock him out again. He wasn’t all too sure whether that would be better or worse, but when he remembered the flames, the skyrunners, and the burning bodies, his struggling halted.
Ashton’s heart doubled in speed. He tried to imagine himself anywhere but trapped inside this cold, sterile room. A large, mechanical arm would probably be the last thing he ever saw before death overcame him.
Ashton clenched his jaw and choked on the scream that tried to burst out of him. It was painless. Painless. But these chemicals, this horrible negativity, was being shot inside of him. An invasion. A violation. He tried to jerk away, but the mechanical arm held him firm.
The syringe was finally pulled out of his arm, leaving Ashton trembling against the exam table, his heart crushed against his rib cage.
“Thank you for your cooperation,” the voice said. “It will take just a minute before the fiendorphins take affect. Just before you glow blue, we’ll proceed with the cure. In the meantime, you may attempt to make yourself comfortable.”
Ashton ignored him, turning away from the fogged glass. He could still hear voices coming from beyond it, but their words consisted of muttered scientific-talk that he didn’t understand. The arm that had injected the first serum was bustling around behind him, readying the next syringe. Or, more accurately, the next tool of torture.
“The fiendorphins we’ve previously injected have been tagged, in case you didn’t already know,” came the voice again. “They’re going to show up on my screen, so I can monitor the progress of the fiendorphins in real time. They’ll then combine and you’ll try to release a Skyrunner. It is then that we’ll inject our most recent batch of antibodies, which, if we’ve succeeded, should permanently disable the fiendorphins. And tah-dah, you’re home in time for dinner. Now, how are you feeling?”
Ashton was taking deep, shaky breaths. “How many times has your so-called cure failed?”
“Nurse Carpathia?”
“Twenty-seven,” said a female’s voice.
“Twenty-seven,” repeated the foreign voice. “But the subject lasts a little longer each time.”
Ashton squeezed the tissue paper beneath his fingertips. He could imagine the headless voice on the other side of the glass, watching and probably laughing at his struggles. Ashton took deep breaths, feeling the weight of the negativity pressing down on him. Then he tried his best to hold still, to stay strong, not to think about what they were doing to him.

From behind the glass, before a large set of control panels, levers, and switches, Dr. Ivan traced the holographic image of the patient on the portable screen, turning it and watching the lights representing the dose of fiendorphins they had injected as they ran along his bloodstream, spreading slowly throughout his veins. But that always happened with each individual he tested his cure on. It was what would happen next that held his interest.
“Peculiar, isn’t he?” said Nurse Carpathia, standing beside him. She was a tall, curvy woman with a slight build, and she must have been in her late twenties. Her tanned skin glistened with a thin sheen of perspiration in the mildly stuffy room, and her curly brown hair was worn in a tight ponytail. “He’s still not glowing. It’s been five minutes and he isn’t doing so much as sweating.”
“Stress levels are different in all of us,” Dr. Ivan answered mildly, handing Carpathia the portable screen. “Perhaps he’s just a mellow individual. Give him another minute, the stress will get to him soon.”
They waited in silence, studying Ashton as he lied on the exam table, looking around at everything. The Doctor could see that the boy had two different colored eyes, but the right one was white and stayed completely still in its socket, a glass one, he could tell, while the other one swivelled around, taking in everything around him with a nervousness and humanity that was not reflected in his fake eye.
“One just disappeared,” Carpathia said urgently, pointing to a spot on the screen. “And there’s something going on with his head.”
The Doctor didn’t have a chance to stand and see for himself when the nurse rushed over and pointed to an empty place in the boy’s chest from the portable screen. “A fiendorphin. I was looking right at it, and now it just disappeared.” She moved her finger to point at his head, which was sparking a yellow light. “And look at this! What is that?”
As they watched, five more dots blinked out of sight, like burnt-out light bulbs. Then eight disappeared, then twelve, then sixteen, and faster and faster the fiendorphins vanished. It was as though they had already injected a successful cure, but they hadn’t. Only the fiendorphins.
Something was going on. The Doctor hurried to one of the other assistants in the room. “Draw a blood sample. Now. I need to see what’s going on. Fiendorphins don’t just disappear. Some way or another, a skyrunner is created. And these injected fiendorphins were extremely powerful.”
Carpathia joined him. “But, sir, we haven’t given him the antidote yet.”
The Doctor grabbed the portable screen from her, spinning the holographic image once again. “There’s no need to.”
“Huh?”
“Look,” he handed her the screen. “He’s completely rid himself of the fiendorphins. The peculiar activity in his brain has gone away. And no skyrunner.”
Carpathia looked up again with mixes of confusion and wonder. She turned and peered through the glass, watching him try to struggle away from the arm as it took a blood sample. “But just look at him! It’s not like he’s completely calm in there. It doesn’t make sense!”
The Doctor could hardly contain his giddiness as he came closer to the window. “I need that blood sample.”
Carpathia set the portable screen on a nearby table and stood next to him, watching the patient as he struggled to be set free once again. The mechanical arm was returning to send the blood sample to them. “But, Doctor, what does this mean?”
Dr. Ivan didn’t answer and instead backed away, yet his eyes were still glued to the patient with a greedy look about him, as though Ashton were as valuable as a gold brick. “Have the patient taken to my office. Oh, and have him untied.”
“What?” Carpathia looked at him in disbelief. “Doctor, are you crazy?”
“I’m going to speak with him in private.” The Doctor grinned. “Carpathia, I think you know what this means. That boy could be the cure that we’ve been searching for.”

After a female voice echoed in the room giving orders for Ashton to be escorted into lab room twelve, a droid had taken up the job to wheel Ashton’s exam table out into a long brick hallway filled with corners and doors, and different doctors and nurses bustling about with other patients.
“What’s going on?” Ashton asked, looking around himself once again. He dug his fingernails into the tissue paper beneath him, wondering if lab room twelve was where they sent patients so they could be given the antidote. That, or they’d send him there to watch him die. Likely both.
The droid didn’t answer him, and instead kept wheeling him off to his destination, wherever that was.
It smelled like bleach, and the squeaking wheels were only making Ashton more and more nauseous. Numbered doors whizzed past them, and the only thing repeating itself in Ashton’s head was the knowing fact that he was going to die.
Ashton drummed his fingers on the exam table, the squeaking wheel beginning to give him a headache. The hallway was filled with voices and he was surprised there wasn’t any screaming. Finally one of the doors slid open and the droid wheeled Ashton inside.

A desk sat in the corner surrounded by cabinets and tools. Ashton was parked in the corner opposite the desk, and almost immediately after they stopped, his shackles released with a snap. Without hesitation, Ashton jerked his wrists and ankles out of the open metal rings and hopped off the exam table.
The droid had already disappeared before Ashton was released. He walked slowly to the center of the room, expecting hidden security cameras or perhaps an observation window, but nothing struck him as obvious.
The door opened from behind him.
“Greetings, Mr. Blake.”
Ashton whipped around, recognizing the foreign voice from before. He clenched his fists.
The man in the lab coat couldn’t have been older than thirty. He didn’t seem threatening at all, and instead he made his way to his desk, looking at something on a portable screen with such intensity, deepening the lines on his head of dark messy hair. Glasses sat on the bridge of his beaky nose.
He took a seat and motioned for Ashton to come closer. The greediness in his expression made Ashton nervous. “I am Dr. Ivan, the leading scientist of the Skyrunner Research Team, but you may call me Chris. Please, have a seat. We have much to discuss.”
“Oh, now you wanna talk,” he said, inching toward him. “I was under the impression you didn’t care too much about the opinions of your guinea pigs.”
“You are a bit different than our usual volunteers.”
Ashton eyed him, slowly coming to sit in the chair opposite him at his desk. “What’s going on? Why didn’t you give me the cure? And why are you so calm around me, when I could spawn a skyrunner?”
The doctor ignored his questions and took out his tablet. On it was a holograph of Ashton, and he was pointing to his elbow. “Here is where we injected the fiendorphins. They were tagged so that we could monitor their progress through your body.” He withdrew his finger and looked at Ashton suspiciously. “Do you know what is peculiar about this?”
“The fact that I have no idea what you’re trying to tell me?”
The Doctor sighed, rubbing his temples. “As you can see, the fiendorphins have disappeared. The microbes that are supposed to fuse together to create a skyrunner are gone.”
Ashton scratched his head, looking down at the tablet again. “Huh?”
“It seems as though you are completely cured.”
Ashton’s eyes widened in disbelief. “But… that’s ridiculous. You only inserted the fiendorphins, I never got your cure.”
“Exactly my point.”
Ashton was piecing it together. “So… I’m not gonna spawn a skyrunner?”
“That’s correct. You will not spawn a skyrunner.”
“And I’m not gonna die.”
“Yes, yes, yes. Wonderful feeling, isn’t it?”
Ashton leaned back against his chair. Relief filled him, but was quickly followed by suspicion. They had given him the fiendorphins, but no skyrunner spawned? With no cure? It felt too good to be true, like it was a trick. “Am I the first to have had this happen?”
The Doctor grinned deviously, greed flashing in his stark blue eyes. He left the tablet on the desk and took out two vials of his blood, from before and after the injection. “Indeed, you are the first. I am very excited to see what secrets are being contained within you. This could be the start of a revolution!”
Ashton quickly glanced at the door, wondering if he should just make a run for it. “Are you telling me what I think you’re telling me?”
“Ashton, you are very special and extremely unique. Not one volunteer as had your characteristics. It is possible that you were born with this miraculous ability. Something in your DNA is fighting off the fiendorphins. So, in a few words, Ashton, I believe you are incapable of spawning skyrunners.”
Ashton shrank back, uncomfortable under his eager stare.
“Do you recall anything from your childhood that could be connected to this?” he continued. “Any horrible sicknesses? Near brushes with death? Perhaps you survived a traumatic experience, making you less vulnerable to spawning skyrunners.”
“No. Well…” He hesitated, glancing around the room. “I guess, maybe. I had cancer in my right eye…”
“Cancer. Do you know anyone in your family who could’ve had it before you? Someone related to you who is also unable to spawn skyrunners?”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. My dad—my guardian, Dmitri, always suspected I had a relative who had cancer. From before he adopted me.”
The doctor’s hands trembled, as if his clutched fingers alone were keeping him from combusting. “You don’t live with any blood-related family, then.” Ashton shook his head, uncertainly. “Were there many sick people that you recall? Any notable occurrences in your home?”
“I don’t know. I don’t actually remember anything from before being adopted.”
Dr. Ivan reassembled his composure. “What do you mean when you say you don’t remember anything?”
Ashton blew a wisp of hair from his face. “Just that. Something about when they removed my eye, one of the drugs they used did some damage to my…you know, whatever. The part of the brain that remembers things.”
“The hippocampus.”
“I guess.”
“And how old were you?”
“Eleven.”
“Eleven.” He released his breath in a rush. His gaze darted haphazardly around the floor as if the reason for his immunity was written upon it. “Do you have any trouble retaining memories since then, or forming new ones?”
“Not that I know of.” He glared. “Is this relevant?”
“It’s fascinating,” Dr. Ivan said, dodging the question. He pulled out his tablet, making some notation. “Eleven years old,” he muttered again, then, “And you’ve never spawned a skyrunner before? Not in your lifetime that you can remember?”
Ashton twisted his lips. “Like I said, I don’t remember anything from before being adopted. But no, I’ve never spawned one. Dmitri told me it was because I could control it. I’ve never really considered I could be completely immune.”
The Doctor folded his hands with a pitying smile. “No one is completely immune to negative emotions, Ashton. And no one can entirely control it every second of their life. But being incapable of spawning skyrunners, now, this seems to be a completely new mystery. One that we can solve together.”
Instead of responding, Ashton cast his eyes to the door, then at the blood-filled vials. He was feeling uncomfortable under the Doctor’s eager stare, and he shrank back into his seat. “Uh… am I free to go now, then?”
The Doctor frowned as though Ashton had just insulted him. “Go? Ashton, I don’t think you realize how valuable you’ve become to this discovery.”
Ashton’s muscles tensed. “So I’m still a prisoner.”
The Doctor smiled, packing away the tablet and the blood samples into a small black suitcase. “This is much more important than you may realize. You have no idea of your worth.”
“Well, you weren’t exactly telling me I was that valuable an hour ago.”
“Things are much different than they were an hour ago, Ashton. With your help, we could save thousands of Others. We could put an end to the skyrunner race. If everyone experienced negativity like you did, then life would be paradise compared to the way things are now.”
Ashton crossed his arms, considering. Did he just say his life was a paradise? He knew that statement was arguable. “What would you have to do to me, to get what you need for the cure?”
The Doctor hesitated. “Well…what you have that’s fighting off the fiendorphins, I believe it’s coming from your brain. You would have to undergo a surgery so that we can remove and reverse-engineer a cure. The only problem with that is… well, you’d never awaken after the surgery.”
Ashton felt numb, feeling the weight of a great decision pressing down on his shoulders. Ashton rested his head in his hands. He was immune. He was important. He thought of all the trouble happening in the Otherworld, the constant battle against the skyrunners, how many were dying.
He couldn’t let those beasts make the race of Others extinct. It was either him… or the entire population.
“You really think I can help?”
“I do. In fact, I think every Other in the Otherworld could soon find themselves eternally grateful to you.”
Ashton sighed. “I just… ugh, I’m so confused. I need time to think about this.”
“Well, I encourage you to decide soon,” Chris continued. “If you don’t do this, Ashton, the skyrunners will have already won. Many will die, the rest become slaves. It is a sad fate but unavoidable, I suppose.”
“It just isn’t fair, though.”
“Nothing in this life is fair,” Chris folded his hands together. “When you decide to go through with this, if you decide to, then all I expect for you is to come find me in the Shadow District.”
Ashton stared at him, eyes huge, as his words gradually seeped into his brain.
Go to the Shadow District.
Extract his brain.
Save the world.
It seemed almost simple when he said it like that.
The Doctor must have seen something change in Ashton’s expression when he smiled and tapped the watch on his wrist. “I believe in you, Ashton. And whether or not the world knows it right now, the Others believe in you, too.”

One
The cloudy sky above New Jersey was the color of television, turned to a dead channel.
Mr. Newlyn, Trenton Central Academy’s tenth grade science teacher, opened a page of his science text book and showed it to the class, but no one really paid any attention. Eyes were glued to their phones as their fingers blurred over the buttons, as though they’d been texting all their life. “This planet is the closest one to the sun. Its rotational period is 58.64 days,” Mr. Newlyn said. “Can anyone tell me what it’s called?”
Maybe Mars, or Jupiter, perhaps. There were some murmurs, but no one put up their hands to answer. They didn’t want to be known as a nerd or a dork for knowing anything about this stuff, let alone even caring. Popularity and making yourself look first-class was priority in Trenton Central Academy, abbreviated to TCA.
Jesse Tynan, an unsocial sixteen year old with orange windswept hair and a sharp gaze of pale blue eyes, changed the R&B tune playing on his Samsung Galaxy S2, adjusted the headphones in his ears, and turned up the music. Jesse was an ardent fan of rap music, but far less enthusiastic about forging relationships with other people, so he mostly hung out by himself. He didn’t get people, and definitely didn’t mind that he wasn’t involved in any of this ridiculousness about always being judged by your peers and striving to be at the top.
Mr. Newlyn waved the book around, his hand still covering the name so no one could cheat. The students of Science 10 had studied this sort of thing before, and as ridiculous as it seemed, if you cared about school, you were a dork. Lucky for Jesse, he didn’t care about school either. But no one bothered him, no one expected anything of him. It was like a dream.
“Neptune, do you think?”
Some in the class mumbled answers in the negative. They didn’t want him to think his class was a bunch of idiots, but still no direct answers. This was no surprise for Mr. Newlyn, as his class often behaved this way during review periods, but he still wished things worked in other ways.
To everyone’s surprise, a boy named Braedy put up his hand.
He was the class clown. The guy who cheats on his test. The kid with an attitude. The one who didn’t hesitate to speak his mind or talk back to authority. Braedy had the largest record of lates, absences, and suspensions in the whole school. Not even the guys who normally sat around him in class as his buddies knew what he was up to, but knowing Braedy, it was going to be funny. He loved getting attention.
“Yes, Braedy? Do you know which planet this is?” Mr. Newlyn asked, surprised that the boy who had already failed grade ten science once before had spoken up.
“Is it Uranus, Mr. Newlyn?” Braedy smirked, pronouncing it your anus.
The class broke into hysterics and Braedy looked around with a proud grin on his face, while Mr. Newlyn lowered the text book and shook his head in disappointment. “No, Braedy. And according to scientists, it’s pronounced yur- uh- nuhs.” Mr. Newlyn told him firmly. “Does anyone know which planet this is? It’s going to be on your test and your final exam. You all have to know this stuff.”
Right on cue, Emberlee Whitmore’s dainty porcelain hand shot into the air.
Emberlee was like the girl next door. She had tons of friends and knew her stuff when it came to astronomy. She was respectful, fun-loving and selfless, and when no one wanted to be thought of as a nerd for knowing the answer to the teacher’s question, she saw it as a chance to shine her knowledge to the room and stand out, which was strange to the rest of the students, yet no one picked on her. And she wasn’t slender and skinny like the other girls, yet she wasn’t too chunky either. She was somewhere in the middle; sort of chubby, but cute. Everyone loved her for her bubbly and positive personality. In fact, many boys in the class admired her. Not many knew that she went to the student councillor, who was actually Jesse’s grandmother, many times a week.
“Yes, Emberlee, please tell the class the right answer.” Mr. Newlyn never had to second-guess his star-pupil. She always aced science class. “Now everyone, listen up. Like I said, you all need to know this. Please continue, Emberlee.”
Emberlee tugged her white-blonde bangs to the side of her face, and her navy-blue eyes glittered with the stars. “The planet you’re referring to is called Mercury. I can tell because Neptune, the planet you suggested before, is blue, and this one in the book is red. And besides, Neptune is the farthest from the sun. After the planet Mercury comes Venus, then Earth, then Mars, and so on.”
She had a sweet lulling voice, and because of this she was a very good singer. She came in second place in the school’s last annual TCA idol.
“Very good, Emberlee.” Mr. Newlyn glanced down at his watch, then up at the clock hanging up on the wall. He closed the text book and set it on the counter just below the white board. “All right, class. That’s enough for review. We’ll pick this up in two weeks, after you return from Spring Break.”
Chairs scraped across the floor and books slammed closed as the students prepared to dart out the doors and set off for Break. “Please push in your chairs and take your homework with you! No door parties! Sit in your seats until the bell!” Mr. Newlyn shouted over the chatter and sudden blasts of different songs from devices. “And have a great two-weeks off!”
Before leaving the class without waiting for the bell to ring, Braedy shouted to Mr. Newlyn, “Hey, Mr. Newlyn, I had a homework question!”
Mr. Newlyn sighed and rubbed his temples, knowing very well that Braedy never did his homework, but Mr. Newlyn answered anyways. “Yes, Braedy, what is it?”
“Why is Uranus blue?” Bready called across the class, again mispronouncing it. Many laughed, others shook their heads with a smile on their face. “And how big is it? It’s huge, right? It’s a big, blue—”
“That’s enough, Braedy.” Mr. Newlyn began pacing and mumbling to himself in a stressed tone, “Just five more years until retirement. Hang in there. Five years. That’s 60 more months. About 300 more weeks. And what, 1825 days? Ooh, that’s a lot of days…”
Leaning against his desk, Jesse’s gaze fell on Emberlee as he surveyed the room. The girl was staring at him. Someone had noticed him. To say that it merely annoyed him would be an understatement. She was approaching him—which sucked—and it was hard to miss when her smile dissolved from her face. Oh. Good. Maybe she’d lost interest.
Shutting his eyes, Jesse shoved his hands in his pockets and subtly attempted to turn up his music and pay attention to something else. He didn’t care if he was being rude; people confused him, and he’d rather not have contact with anyone if he could help it.
“Hey!” Emberlee said cheerfully to him, tugging shyly on her bangs. “I’m Emberlee Whitmore. I don’t know if you know me.”
Jesse hesitated and turned down his music before looking at her again. “I’ve known you since the seventh grade. No need for an intro.”
Emberlee smiled and nodded. It was quiet before the conversation continued. “So, you live around here?”
“Yup,” Jesse shrugged, avoiding her gaze.
“Really? I’ve never really noticed you before.” She said with genuine surprise. “Maybe you can give me your name, since I gave you mine.”
Jesse had already known her name, so he didn’t know why she’d say something like that. They’d had the same classes for three years, and here she was making it seem like he was the new kid. He ignored her questions and answered, “Why the sudden interest?”
Emberlee blinked in surprise at this reply. She broke into a smile again and answered, “Oh, I could hear your music all the way from the door. Eminem, right? Good stuff.”
This piqued his interest a bit. Not by much, but a bit. “You like rap?”
Emberlee nodded. “But I pretend to like pop and stuff to fit in, you know? It’s so popular here.”
Oh, no. Not that fitting-in junk again. Jesse shook his head and sighed, looking up at the clock and wondering why the bell was being so slow today.
“But I admire you for handling that sort of stuff so well. You’re just that kind of guy who stands out, you know? And I mean that in a good way.”
Jesse laughed, but more in a downbeat way. “I thought you said you never really noticed me before.”
From the corner of his eye, he saw Emberlee’s face flush, and she looked away from him when he started laughing again, this time more humorously.
Just in time, the bell resounded through the school and students from every classroom piled outside, alive with chatter and plans for Spring Break. Before Jesse could get out of the classroom, Emberlee grabbed his hand and called for him to wait.
The pull on his hand stopped Jesse in his tracks. He grimaced before looking over his shoulder at Emberlee.
“Oh,” Emberlee let go of his hand and blushed again. “It’s just… I still don’t know your name.”
“…Jesse,” There was a brief pause before he continued. “I’m Jesse Tynan.”
“Jesse. Jesse… Got it!” Emberlee smiled widely, doing a bit of a hop as she did. “So, Jesse, do you know Kallinda?”
Of course Jesse knew Kallinda. She was tall, blonde, rich, and snotty with an I’m too good for you attitude; a typical TGFY. She had friends who normally only hung out with her because if you weren’t friends with her, you weren’t cool. She threw weekly parties at her house every Saturday night. People went for dances, swimming, food, and couple stuff, and if you didn’t go, you were nobody. It was always the greatest fun at Kallinda’s house, from what Jesse had heard. He hardly ever went, but it wasn’t very interesting to him whenever he bothered to show up. It was too crowded, too noisy, and just obnoxious. And yet somehow, everyone managed to get drunk before the clock struck midnight.
“Yeah, what about her?” Jesse began, heading out of the school with his black backpack slung over one shoulder. He really hoped Emberlee wasn’t trying to set him up on a date. He shuddered at the thought.
“Her party has been moved to tonight.” Emberlee explained, following him outside. “Apparently her wisdom teeth have grown in pretty tight and are altering the alignment of her entire mouth.”
“Yeah, so what?” Jesse shrugged.
“So, Kallinda has to get braces tomorrow, plus a night retainer and headgear.” Emberlee explained, as though it was a really serious matter. “And to top it all off, you know why Kallinda’s eyes were all pink today? And how she went home at lunch?”
A few students were laughing at her during the lunch hour when it happened. She had just gotten new purple contact lenses for a sweet sixteen birthday gift, and to be honest, the new contacts made her eyes really pop. She adored the compliments and attention and refused to take them out later when they started to irritate her. When she finally took them out, however, her eyes had turned pink and she’d insisted that she left school immediately. Later, the students found out her eyes were irritated because she hadn’t been taking her eye-drops.
“Apparently her contacts were giving her an eye infection, so she’s getting glasses until it heals,” Emberlee went on. “She and her family are heading out to the city in a few days for a pretty expensive pair of specs. But until then, she has to wear her grandmother’s old bulky turquoise glasses.”
“And your point is?” Jesse raised an eyebrow at her. “It’s not a big deal. Why are you stalking me, anyways?”
“Not a big deal?” Emberlee scoffed, ignoring his question. “Popularity is everything in this school! You have to be social and look sexy. And for the most popular girl in school to be at the top of the social ladder and plummet straight to the bottom the next, believe me, Jesse. It’s a big deal. This is going to be Kallinda’s last party before she joins the geek squad and spends the rest of her Saturday nights at chess tournaments.”
“Listen, it’s really none of my business. Like I really care, anyways. Kallinda’s—” Jesse stopped himself before cursing to this petite girl who looked much too innocent to tolerate stuff like that. “She’s not worth the effort.”
“I know what you were gonna say. My parents talk that way all the time. Along with all my other friends,” Emberlee adjusted the strap of her purse over her shoulder and continued. “I was actually going to ask you if you wanted to go with me to Kallinda’s party tonight. It’s the last one, after all.”
Sometimes he couldn’t believe how serious people were about their social status. There was always gossip in TCA, with students thriving to be at the top. There were always groups and cliques who would do anything to crush the other to be the best. Most of the time, the gossip that went around the school was fake. Only on very rare occasions was it true.
Jesse hated getting mixed up in that sort of drama.
He looked over at Emberlee suspiciously. Before he could say anything, she said, “How long have you had a prosthetic leg?”
Jesse slowed, a glare forming on his face. He leaned over to briefly pat his knee, feeling the metal contraption beneath his baggy jeans. Just above his right knee was where his actual leg had been cut off. He hated it when people brought it up. He tried to hide it as often as he could. “How did you know about my… prosthetic?”
Emberlee shrugged uneasily. “You were standing awkwardly in the classroom, and your steps lilt just slightly to the right. I thought I saw a metal ankle as well, so I could only assume…”
Jesse was quiet, hoping the silence would drop the subject. Emberlee sighed and continued anyway, much to Jesse’s disappointment. “Hey, it’s fine if you don’t want to go. To the party, I mean. I completely understand if you’ve got better things to do. But,” she looked at up at him, eyes huge in her lovely heart-shaped face. “It would make me so happy to go with you. Please?”
As Jesse stared, her image wavered, like heat rising off train tracks. He stumbled back. His heartbeat quickened. A tingle filled his brain and raced down his nerves. What was going on?
But she was… beautiful.
No, divine.
No, perfect.
His pulse thumped, thoughts of worship and devotion swimming through his head. Thoughts of surrender. Thoughts of compliance.
“Please,” she said again, lacing her fingers together. Her tone was desperate as she slowed. “I want you to come with me to the party. And you will go with me, wont you?”
“All right.” Confusion reigned—girl-next-door, school-mate, goddess. “Of course. Anything you like.” Vision fogging, he stumbled forward as though he’d tripped, but caught himself just in time. He felt very strange, but thoughts of Emberlee danced in his head, an obsession to protect her.
Emberlee giggled, a sound of silver bells, sounding relieved and overjoyed. “Really?”
“Just don’t invite all your friends to carpool, or something.”
“You have a car?” Emberlee’s eyes brightened.
“I’ll borrow my grandma’s car,” Jesse explained, completely unaware that he had begun to smile. “She won’t mind, and besides, I’ll bet the old lady won’t even notice. She’s eighty-seven, you know, but she moves and talks like she’s fifty years younger. And her car is way cooler than you may think.”
Emberlee nodded and giggled. “But do you have a license?”
“I’ve got a learners’ permit. I’m supposed to drive with an adult, though, but I guess no one has to know.” Jesse shrugged, giving her a careless grin.
“Okay, as long as you’re careful.” Emberlee laughed.
“Hey,” Jesse’s whole face grinned. He felt much more comfortable around her, wanted to be around her, something he hadn’t wanted with someone in years. “I haven’t crashed yet.”

Two
Jesse had just pulled into Emberlee’s driveway, knowing that the start of the party would begin momentarily.
He honked the horn twice and Emberlee came out quickly, dressed in a jean skirt, a purple long-sleeved t-shirt with a black vest over top, and black converse sneakers. She had a black purse that looked bulky and full. Emberlee looked just as happy as ever as she jogged across her lawn to the car and sat in the passenger’s seat.
“Thanks for going with me, Jesse,” Emberlee smiled, clicking her seatbelt in place. “I’m very excited for this.”
“How will it be any different from her other parties, other than the fact that it’s on Friday instead of Saturday?” Jesse replied with an eye roll, backing out of the driveway and taking off down the street. Instead of getting mad, Emberlee seemed to agree by nodding and shrugging.
Jesse’s driving was truly horrific. Everything happened with a horrible jolt, whether starting or stopping. Emberlee’s neck snapped backward each time he hit the gas of the 2013 Genesis Coupe, and she practically flew against the back of the passenger seat every time he braked. She might have been nervous, Jesse assumed, since she was driving with someone she barely knew on their way to a party with who knew what might be going on this time around, but Jesse’s driving was so terrible, she probably couldn’t think of anything else.
They had passed a few blocks and traffic lights in awkward silence before Jesse finally said, “Sorry… about my driving.”
“It’s fine,” Emberlee said sweetly, obviously pretending that it didn’t bother her, even though she was beginning to look a little green.
“I can’t feel pressure in my prosthetic, and can’t really get the hang of driving left-footed. Apparently most amputees can drive just fine, but… not me.”
“I thought they had hand controls for people who can’t use their legs, though,” Emberlee pointed out.
“Right… Someday, maybe,” Jesse sighed obliviously.
He slammed on the brakes when the light ahead of them turned red, throwing Emberlee into her seat belt. Jesse bit his lip and glanced at her. “Sorry. I swear to God I’m trying to be gentle.”
Emberlee giggled, adjusting her seatbelt so it was a bit tighter. “You know, Jesse, you’re so different than I thought you were. I’m surprised you wanted to go with me. But I’m very glad, too.” Emberlee said happily, relaxing back in the car seat. It was short-lived, however, when the light turned green once again.
Kallinda’s house wasn’t too far away, and it was definitely hard to miss, being a larger subdivision with a pool and hot tub in the backyard. Different colored lights were flashing behind all the windows in pattern. A long line had begun to form at the front door, as Kallinda only allowed people she knew from school to enter.
They jerked around the corner and screeched to a halt at the curb shortly, and they could hear the music blaring from the inside of the house, the chatter of kids, and the splashes coming from the pool. Kallinda was definitely trying to keep her place at the top, and was doing a great job. Everyone looked to be having the time of their lives.
Jesse opened Emberlee’s door for her and smiled when he grabbed her hand. He locked the car and they both went through the open gate, and got in line.
Kallinda was at the doors, smiling and nodding at guests to enter. There were about twenty people in line ahead of Jesse and Emberlee when they stopped moving.
“Oh, no way. You can’t come in.” Kallinda adjusted her oversized dark sunglasses with a scowl, looking straight ahead at the boy in front of her in the red hoodie.
The line of teenagers outside leaned forward to eavesdrop. It usually wasn’t a long wait, as it usually took seconds for Kallinda to recognize someone and motion them inside.
“Aw, come on.” The kid was even taller than Kallinda, who was six feet without her high heels. Jesse knew he definitely hadn’t seen the kid before. “My, uh, cousin goes to school with you.”
Kallinda raised a perfectly plucked eyebrow over the rim of her sunglasses. “Which would be who?”
The kid shifted awkwardly. “Patsy…?”
Kallinda glowered. “I don’t know a Patsy. Now I suggest you get outta here before I call my dad. He’s a cop, you know. And you’re keeping my guests waiting!”
The boy actually grinned, as though an idea suddenly struck him. He was normal-enough-looking, Jesse thought, despite his abnormally tall and lanky stature, and his face. His teeth were over-sized and bucked, hanging far over his lower lip. His eyes were huge, too, and not in the bugged-out petrified way. Like they were normally just freakishly big, and it made him look slightly childish. His mahogany hair was tousled and longish, hanging down a little past his ears.
“Hey. I’m just one guy, standing here in an unfamiliar place, looking for a little fun.” He dug his hand into his pocket and pulled out a wad of cash, taking Kallinda’s hand and curling her fingers over the stack, looking deep into her eyes. Kallinda flushed. “You can trust me. I wouldn’t dare misbehave in the home of a beautiful and thoughtful young lady, such as yourself.”
The boy had two different colored eyes, Jesse noticed. His right iris was the color of snow on a bright day, and stayed fixed and lifeless in one spot. His left was gold, too gold to be natural, not that many people actually had gold eyes in the first place. Yet, it had a curious child-like humanity behind it, whereas the white one didn’t. He probably had colored contact lenses.
Kallinda looked away and shrugged, sliding the cash into the pocket of her jacket as she pretended to be abruptly bored. “Whatever. Go on in.”
The boy slid past her, smooth and quick like a snake, tossing his hair as he went. There was something odd about him, something that should have made Jesse uneasy, but instead made him curious.
He glanced over at Emberlee as the line started moving again, and was surprised to see her standing on her tip-toes to see over the heads of the teenagers, probably searching for the boy. There was something in her expression that suggested she knew him, like he was a friend she hadn’t seen in years.
“You thought he was cute,” said Jesse, teasing. “Didn’t you?”
Emberlee dug her elbow into his ribs and lowered herself back down, and said nothing until they finally reached Kallinda and were sent through.
Inside, the room was full of colored lights playing over the walls, furniture already toppled and shoved aside for room on the dance floor. Music blared from the speakers, covering the laughs and the chatter of the guests. There was a splash coming from the back door that led outside into the yard, and cheering and laughter followed faintly.
Emberlee took Jesse’s hand and led him to the center of the dance floor and looked up at him, cerulean eyes glittering, hair entirely white with a bluish tint under black lights. She was at least a head shorter than him, reaching the height of just barely five feet.
“So,” she said with a giggle. “Enjoying yourself?”
Jesse didn’t reply, barely hearing her. They were dancing, or what passed for it, mostly swaying back and forth with the occasional lunges. A group of teenage boys wearing metallic corsets stood by the snack bar, laughing and chugging down shots of alcohol. A young Indian couple were making out passionately in the corner, their multi-colored hair tangling together. A girl with a lip piercing and a frog backpack was handing out free tablets.
Finally Jesse spotted the boy who’d bribed his way into the party. He was prowling through the crowd as though he were looking for something. His eye and teeth glowed when black light hit him, like Emberlee’s hair.
“I’m enjoying myself,” Emberlee went on, hips swaying in beat to the dubstep song blaring. “Aren’t you?”
“Uh-huh,” Jesse mumbled, having half-heard her, eyes glued to the boy. There was something strange about the way he moved that reminded him of something.
Emberlee stopped dancing and looked at Jesse in annoyance as she planted her fists on her hips. “Jesse! Look at me!”
His gaze snapped back in her direction and he stopped moving. Emberlee sighed and shook her head at him. “I can see you staring at that kid.”
“Do you know him?” Jesse asked, sliding his gaze back at the guy, who was making his way off the dance floor. He looked a little lost, as if he hadn’t found what he was looking for.
Emberlee hesitated before slowly shaking her head, turning away from Jesse to look at the boy. “…No. No, I don’t.”
“You looked like you might’ve, the way you looked at him before.” Jesse raised a brow suspiciously.
Emberlee’s face flushed, unless it was the red light that passed over her face. She shook her head vigorously. “I said no, Jesse. But… I would like to talk to him. Maybe if we just introduced ourselves and showed him around? Perhaps he’s shy.”
“No. That’s a bad idea. He’d probably just stare, or something stupid like that.” Jesse said. “Just stay here. I’m sorry I ignored you. Let’s just forget it.”
Only, they watched the boy a little longer, noticing him straighten up suddenly, snapping to attention. He followed his gaze and saw a girl with spiky blue hair in a glittering blue hoodie, with a tiny silk blue skirt. Gold glasses were perched at the end of her small, pointed nose and she grinned, with a mouthful of piranha-like teeth.
Jesse frowned. “Her teeth… that’s not normal. Maybe we should check it out.”
“No, you were right before,” Emberlee lifted her hand to his face and turned his attention onto her. “Let’s ignore them. The boy obviously found who he was looking for, so let’s focus on us.”
From the corner of his eye, he watched the blue girl motion for the boy to come closer as she seductively inched back into a hallway, and the boy grinned all over his face. Jesse saw him take out something silver from behind his back that glinted in the lights. A knife.
“Emberlee!” Jesse shouted, and seized her arm.
“What?” Emberlee looked alarmed and furious all at once. He’d never seen her that way before.
“The kid! Did you see that?” Jesse pointed wildly, almost hitting a curvy Asian girl standing nearby. “He just took out a knife!”
“Are you sure?” Emberlee was staring, trying to see over the heads of the dancing teenagers. “I don’t see anything. I think they left.”
“I’m sure.” Jesse squared his shoulders, all business as he watched them disappear into the hallway and around the corner. “We have to do something.”
“Jesse, it’s getting kind of hot in here,” Emberlee pretended she hadn’t heard him, and began fanning herself with her hand. “I want to go outside, maybe dip my toes in the water so I can cool off. And then you and I can just talk. About anything.”
Jesse frowned at her. “You’re the one who suggested we introduce ourselves in the first place.”
“And you’re the one who suggested we left them alone, and you were right.” Emberlee tugged on his hand, attempting to steer him outside. “Please, Jesse. Let’s leave them alone.”
Emberlee was gazing at him with sparkling eyes again, but Jesse didn’t look at her when he yanked his hand away. “I’m not going to say anything to them, and I promise I won’t get involved. It’ll only be a second. But Emberlee, come on. He had a knife, I saw it.”
Jesse darted away from her in the direction that the kid and the blue girl went, ignoring Emberlee’s furious screams for him to come back.
He looked around; Emberlee was trying to shove her way across the dance floor, but wasn’t making much progress. Even if he yelled now, no one would hear him, and by the time Emberlee caught up, something terrible might have already happened. Biting hard on his lower lip, Jesse started to wriggle through the crowd.

Three
“What’s your name?”
The blue girl turned and smiled. What faint light there was in the bedroom spilled in through the open window. A pink bed sat in the corner, perfectly tidy and made. However, stuffed animals and discarded clothing littered the carpet.
“Skyra.”
“That’s an interesting name.” He walked toward her, stepping carefully among the dolls in case any of them made a sound. In the moonlight she looked half-transparent, a faint blue glow around her, like a sea nymph or maybe an angel.
It would be a pleasure to make her fall.
“I haven’t seen you here before.”
“Are you asking if I come here often?” She giggled, covering her mouth with a pale, bony hand. There was some sort of a glowing blue shirt underneath her hoodie, just under the cuff of her sleeve below her wrist. But as he neared her, he saw that it wasn’t a shirt at all, but part of her arm. And gradually, her hand began to look very fake.
He froze, though he wasn’t surprised. “You—”
He didn’t finish before Skyra moved with lightning rapidity, striking at him with the heel of her knee-high black boots, a blow to the chest that sent him back gasping. He staggered backward, and blinked when he saw her take off her hands, revealing long spindly insect legs, crackling with blue energy. She kicked off her boots to reveal long legs similar to her arms.
Slowly she shrugged off her hoodie to reveal her exoskeleton insect body, and two more arms extended from just above her hips. With a laugh she dove forward, wrapping her extra arms around his ankles and jerked him off his feet. He hit the ground, writhing, her sharp, crackling arms biting into his skin. She laughed again, standing over him now, and he dizzily thought he should have expected this.
Skyra’s smile glittered like toxic water. Her insect arms curled around her own jaw, and with a yank her head slid off, like taking off a helmet, revealing an ant-like head with talons and antennas. Her voice came out as deep and scratchy, like she was gargling rocks. “He’s all yours, you two.”
Two glowing blue lights lit up from the shadows, and now there were more insect arms around him, hauling him upright, throwing him against a nearby shelf and knocking over some glass makeup bottles and expensive perfume. He could smell the rancid stuff, grimacing as he felt it seep into his shirt and pant leg.
One of the beasts grabbed his wrists and held them tight, while the last one walked around the side of his shelf into his view. It looked exactly like the one claiming to be called “Skyra” and was just as ugly. Their beady eyes glittered yellow.
“So,” he said. Blood was welling up under the too-tight grip of the beast behind him, making his wrists slippery. “Are there any more here like you that I ought to know about?”
The beast reserved to examining its glowing blue arm, like a human would casually examine their nails. “Any other… what?”
“Come on now.” He tossed his hair out of his eyes with a confident grin, briefly running his tongue over his ghastly overbite. “I know what you are. And I’m sure you know me. Brave of you to follow, by the way, considering my reputation.”
Far back in its skull, the beast’s second set of teeth began to grind. “The witch sent us, for your information.”
“Ah.” He nodded, as though this were information he hadn’t known, though he did in fact already know this. “The boss still as uptight as I remember her? Skyrunners?”
“Ashton Blake,” the beast hissed. “I will kill you myself. Your death will be a glorious day for our kind.”
Ashton laughed at this, much to their surprise, and slid his knife out from inside his sleeve. “Got you.”

Jesse pushed the door to the bedroom open and stepped inside. The room smelled like old paint and a layer of toys and clothes littered the carpet. It was cold, despite the evening April heat outside.
“So,” a voice said in the dark. “You still haven’t told me if there are any more of your kind with you.”
Your kind? Jesse darted into the corner when he spotted the boy from before, alone in the room, holding his wrists behind his back with the knife held in his fist. His wrists were bleeding, as though there were cuffs of some sort around him.
But there was nothing else here, Jesse knew in bewilderment. Where had the blue girl from before gone? Her clothes were on the floor, along with fake hands, skin-like leggings, her clothes, and her head…
“I mean other skyrunners,” the boy said, as though someone had replied. “I assume you know what I’m talking about, seeing as how you guys are obviously skyrunners.”
He’s crazy, Jesse thought. Actually crazy. Unless he’d walked in on some sort of imaginary insane gang fight.
The boy nodded his head and smiled deviously. There was something fierce about the movement, like a lion sniffing the air for prey. “Yeah, well. My dad says I talk too much, too,” he said confidingly. “Hey, Skyra, was it? Do you think I talk too much? By the way, I know that’s not your name. Skyrunners don’t have names.”
If there was going to be a reply, there wouldn’t have been time for it to be spoken, as the boy tore free of the invisible restraints and plunged his knife into whatever invisible thing was holding him back.
Then, Jesse saw it. Blue lightning sparked around the knife where the boy had stabbed, briefly lighting up the whole room, and a giant insect body wavered into sight. It collapsed to the ground and the kid sliced off its head in one swift movement, and the entire body burst into ashes. Then he saw two more identical beasts, like gigantic blue ants, waver into sight and fling themselves at the boy.
They fell to the floor together, the glowing blue insects tearing at the boy with insect legs that crackled with energy. Jesse backed up, wanting to run, but his foot caught on a pile of shirts and he went down. He would have had the breath knocked out of him, if it weren’t for the stuffed animals to break his fall.
Rolling over, Jesse saw one of the blue glowing insects sitting on the boy’s chest. Blood gleamed at the tips of their razor-like insect legs. The beasts lashed at the boy with their sharp limbs extended. The boy threw an arm up to protect himself, and the arm raked it, splattering blood. The other beast lunged again, but the boy was ready with his knife raised, and the sharp metal slid into its chest, exploding with electricity around the hilt like it had with the last.
The beast shrieked and fell to the side, and burst into ashes. The boy sliced at the final beast and kicked it off before rolling over, the blade sparking in his hand. He sank the knife into the insect’s chest, the energy bursting around the hilt for the last time. The beast gurgled and twisted on the ground, aching to stay alive. With a grimace the boy stood up. He looked down at the twitching form at his feet, reached down, and yanked out the knife. The hilt still briefly crackled with energy. The beast’s eyes flickered open, the beast that used to be Skyra. Her eyes, fixed on the boy, seemed to burn. Between her teeth, she hissed, “So be it. The witch will take you.”
The boy seemed to snarl. The insect’s eyes rolled back, its body twitching and jerking as it slowly crumpled to ashes, and soon it was gone entirely. And with it, the fake body parts and clothing of the blue girl.
Jesse scrambled to his feet, kicking free of the junk. He began to back away. The kid wasn’t paying attention to him. The boy was holding his arm, pulling at the sleeve, probably trying to get a good look at the wound. Before he could run, the boy spoke. “Hey, you mind turning on the light in here?”
“You’re crazy,” Jesse said, turning to face him.
The boy looked up at him and grinned. “That’s right. I’m entirely insane. Bonkers. Lost my head. But if you keep quiet, I swear there’s a straightjacket in it for you.”
“Who do you think you are?” Jesse demanded. “The police—”
“The police usually aren’t interested unless you can produce a body,” said the boy. Cradling his arm, he picked his way across the junk-strewn floor toward the window. Jesse glanced at the spot where the beasts had disappeared from, and said nothing. There weren’t even any ashes or smears of blood. Nothing to show that the creatures ever existed.
“They’re called skyrunners,” the boy said, opening the window. “In case you were wondering or whatever.”
Jesse frowned through the dark bedroom. “What are you doing?”
“Ballet-dancing. What does it look like?” The boy laughed when he glanced over his shoulder at Jesse, his foot already perched on the window sill. “Seriously? I’m getting the heck out of here.”
“Why?” Jesse said. “I want you to tell me exactly what the hell that was I just saw!”
“Oh, the skyrunners?” the boy answered as though he saw them every day. His fingers tapped repeatedly against his knee. “It’s a long story. You already know too much, since you could apparently see them.”
Through the darkness, Jesse spotted the light switch and flicked it on. White light blanketed the room, and it was more uncomfortable than Jesse thought it would be. It was like the light police officers flashed in your face when they interrogated you.
The boy took one look at Jesse and nearly fell out the window. He straightened himself immediately and pointed an accusing finger at him. “You!”
Jesse was taken aback at the outburst. “Excuse me?”
He didn’t get a chance to hear an explanation before something whacked him in the back of his head. The terrible splitting and cracking sound seemed to echo, and the sight of the kid back-flipping out the window was the last thing he saw before his vision turned black.
Four
When Jesse woke up, he was lying stretched out across the back seats of his car. The lights of the city outside blurred by outside the windows, the faint street noise filled with the sound of honking cars and squealing brakes. Despite all the racket outside, the car he was in was moving serenely.
Jesse sat up and rubbed the back of his head, feeling the bruise beginning to swell. Emberlee was in the driver’s seat, and they were stopping smoothly at the traffic light.
“Emberlee… what happened?” Jesse groaned, his whole body feeling sore and stiff.
Emberlee glanced briefly over her shoulder at Jesse with a relieved smile before pressing the gas. “Oh, good. You’re awake. You have no idea how worried I was!”
“What, when I went to check on that kid with the knife?” Jesse said. He completely regretted even bothering to care. He never usually went for that stuff, though the whole thing felt like a dream.
Emberlee looked at him blankly through the rear-view mirror. “… Kid with a knife? What are you talking about?”
Jesse frowned at her. “What am I talking about? I should be asking you that! What, did you forget? How long was I out?”
Emberlee refocused on the road. “Jesse, stop joking around.” She shook her head disappointedly. “I knew that girl shouldn’t have offered you that pill.”
Jesse sat up straighter. “Pill? What pill?”
“I think it was a tablet. Ecstasy, I believe?” There was evident worry in Emberlee’s tone. “Anyway, I didn’t think you’d be so gullible and take it. You started talking gibberish and raced off, and I found you passed out in the bathroom. So I took you straight to the car. Perfect timing, by the way. You waking up, I mean. I don’t know where you live.”
Jesse ignored her. “But it didn’t feel like we were in there for very long.”
“We were at the party for at least two hours, Jesse.”
“But what about this bump on my head? Someone hit me—”
“You fell down some stairs on our way out.” Emberlee interrupted. “Now where should I turn next to your house? Right or left?”
Jesse didn’t reply to her question. Instead he clenched his fists, digging his fingernails into his palms. “I don’t remember any of that. There was a kid with a knife who bribed his way into the party. I saw him kill these giant blue bug things—skyrunners, I think? Besides, if I did take a crazy pill, how did it wear off so quickly? Because I feel completely normal right now. Your story doesn’t add up to me.”
“Jesse, there never was a boy with a knife. I don’t remember anyone bribing their way into the party. You imagined the whole thing.” Emberlee said hastily. “Now tell me, left or right?”
Jesse sighed. “Turn left.”
With more of Jesse’s directions, they made it to his home quickly. The lights were out in the large house, indicating Jesse’s gran was likely fast asleep. Emberlee parked the car in the driveway and helped Jesse get to the door.
“Thanks, but I can take it from here.” Jesse fumbled for his keys, Anxious to end the crazy day, but found Emberlee holding them out to him. He snatched them from her and slid the right one into the lock.
“I’m sorry tonight didn’t exactly go as planned, Jesse,” Emberlee’s hands were behind her back, and she was kicking at the grass with her shoe a couple of paces behind Jesse. “I hope you can forgive me. I’d really like to make it up to you sometime.”
With a sigh, Jesse shook his head before opening the door and escaping once and for all. He couldn’t help but feel guilty at her tone. “No, I’m sorry I snapped at you before in the car.” Even though I still don’t believe a single word of your explanation, he thought.
Emberlee looked up at him with an innocent, apologetic gaze. Her eyes were glowing in the moonlight, her fair skin smooth and faultless. Stray strands of white hair blew around her face, and she couldn’t have looked more perfect.
“Well, maybe we can do something tomorrow,” Jesse attempted a smile and turned to go, but just as he was about to part gazes with her he tripped and stumbled into her. Emberlee put a hand out to steady him, just as he turned to apologize, and then he was somehow in the circle of her arm and she was kissing him.
It felt at first as though she didn’t want to kiss him. Her lips were hard on his, unyielding, until she put both arms around Jesse’s neck and pulled him against her. Her lips softened. He could feel the rapid beat of her heart, taste the sweetness of strawberry lip gloss on her mouth. He wound his fingers through her hair, which felt silky and fine. His heart was hammering against his ribcage.
Emberlee pulled away, the stars reflecting in her eyes. She smiled as her face flushed. “I should go.”
“Do you need a ride?” Jesse took a step after her as she speed-walked away, crossing her arms.
She glanced over her shoulder at him with a giggle. “No, it’s fine. You need your sleep. I’ll see you soon.”
Jesse sighed, unaware that he was smiling like an idiot, watching her walk away down the street, turning to go inside after he couldn’t see Emberlee from around the corner. She’d looked cold, and Jesse found an aching need to chase after her and giver her his jacket. But it was late, and she was out of sight now. Sleepily, he wiped her lip gloss from his mouth and went inside. It felt more cluttered than usual in the darkness, but he was so familiar with the house that it took moments before he found his room and collapsed into his bed.
A tiny slip of paper slid out of his hood and tickled his ear. He raised a hand to snatch it and lowered it to his face, squinting through the darkness to make out what was written on it.
Emberlee’s name was scrawled in pink glittery ink, encircled in a heart, with a set of numbers scrawled underneath—a phone number.

Five
“At the heart of the solar system is our sun. The four planets nearest it are rocky, terrestrial worlds: Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars. After that are four gas giants: Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and—”
Jesse slammed his astrology textbook so loud, his grandmother’s hand-painted landscape pictures hanging on the living room walls rattled.
“And I am entirely bored,” Jesse finished to himself in exasperation. Studying just wasn’t working. With a sigh he tossed the text book to the other end of the couch, and took a bite out of his sandwich that Gran had prepared for lunch.
Jesse pulled his headphones out, cutting off Dr. Dre in midsong, and rubbed his aching temples. It was taking every ounce of his energy not to think about Kallinda’s party from the night before. He was completely certain that he hadn’t taken an ecstasy pill, so why would Emberlee lie to him? He couldn’t help wondering if perhaps she knew something about those glowing bug-things. Skyrunners, he remembered.
And then that boy, and the after-image of him back-flipping out the window on the top floor of Kalinda’s house. He was almost furious at Emberlee for dragging him to that party. For lying to him. For ever coming into his life.
Then he remembered her kiss, and could still feel her fingers wrapped around his neck, her lips on his, until the reminder that they hardly knew each other dawned in on him. Had it really only been a day since they first started talking? It felt so much longer than that. Jesse knew he wanted nothing to do with her, to spend some peaceful quiet time alone.
But he couldn’t erase that need to be around her, to protect her.
Remembering her note, Jesse reached into his pocket and pulled out Emberlee’s number, scrawled all loopy and curvy. He debated whether or not to call her, as he was in the negative to the thought of spending the day with her just as much as he was dying to hear her voice.
With a sigh, Jesse allowed his fingers to move all on their own, pressing the familiar buttons at the same time as he copied in her phone number. Then he held his phone up to his ear and waited.
Emberlee picked up on the second ring. On the other end he could hear Carly Rae Jepsen music blaring, mixing in with the bubbly laughter of young girls having a pillow fight. Emberlee’s voice was giddy, as though she’d just been laughing, herself. “Yeees? You’ve reached the number of the knife-carrying hooligan from Kallinda’s party last night. I can’t come to the phone right now. Too busy hunting a boy named Jesse Tynan for walking in on my bug-killing spree—”
“Emberlee!” Jesse held the phone away from his ear as she cracked up laughing. “That’s not funny!”
“Sure it is. You just don’t see the humor.”
Jesse leaned back against the leather sofa. “You wouldn’t be laughing if you’d been here when I woke up this morning.”
“Why not?”
“My gran. She wasn’t happy that I went to that party, and especially about taking her car and coming home late. She freaked out. It was messy.”
“What? It’s not my fault you wouldn’t give me directions!” Emberlee protested.
“Yeah, well, apparently according to her, I disappointed her, I let her down, I made her worry, yadda yadda yadda,” Jesse said, mimicking his gran’s precise phrasing with only a slight twinge of guilt.
“So, are you grounded?” Emberlee asked, a little too loudly. Jesse could hear the girls behind her talking over each other.
“I don’t know yet,” he said. “Gran went out this morning for some errands, and she’s not back yet. Where are you, anyway?”
“I’m at Natalie’s. We were studying, until everyone got bored.” Something most likely made of glass crashed behind Emberlee. Jesse winced. “Hey, wanna go get some coffee, or something?” Emberlee went on. “It was crazy last night. We didn’t get a chance to talk or really do anything.”
“Yeah, all right.” Jesse paused, tapping his pencil on the side table absent-mindedly. “Wait, no.”
“Shut up, guys, will you?!” Emberlee yelled, the faintness of her voice making Jesse suspect that she was holding the phone away from her mouth. She was back a second later, sounding troubled. “Was that a yes or a no?”
“I don’t know.” Jesse bit his lip. “My gran’s still mad at me about last night. I’m not sure I want to piss her off by asking for any favours. If I’m going to get in trouble, I don’t want it to be on account of coffee.”
“Come on, it doesn’t taste so bad,” Emberlee said. “Besides, it’s not a favour. It’s a cup of coffee with a trusted pal only a few blocks from your house. It’s not like I’m inviting you to another party, but this time at Sarah’s. Because I’m not. But anyways, your gran can come along with us to get coffee if she wants.”
“PARTY TONIGHT AT SARAH’S!” Jesse heard someone, probably Natalie, yell. More laughter. He imagined his Gran tagging along with him and Emberlee on their date, if it was a date, and he shuddered inwardly. “I don’t know. If you and your friends show up here, I think she’ll freak.”
“I was gonna come alone, anyway. How about I pick you up and we walk over there together, just the two of us. Your gran won’t mind. She’ll love me.”
Jesse had to laugh. “Fine. I’ll wait here.”
“‘Kay, see you soon.” Emberlee clicked off, amid shouts from her friends.
Jesse hung up the phone and glanced around the living room. Evidence of his gran’s old-fashioned taste was everywhere, from the floral throw pillows piled on the pastel-colored sofa to the doily’s sitting on the tables. The walls were covered in carefully framed hand-painted landscapes, mostly: a winding dirt pathway through a forest filled with tiny houses hanging in the trees, brick streets of a smoky neighbourhood with flaming skies, scenes of a city that looked very much like Tokyo in daylight, the sky a deep blue, the ocean in the horizon, while the bustling city life remained frozen in time in the picture. It was like looking into a window to find a sci-fi dimension waiting on the other side.
The sound of the key turning in the front door roused Jesse out of his daydream. Hastily he snatched up his astrology book and tried to look as if he were immersed in space and school and studying. Maloree, his gran’s name, never usually interrupted Jesse in the middle of one of his study sessions, even to yell at him.
The door opened with a thump. It was Maloree, her arms full of what looked like big cardboard boxes, folded flat. She straightened up and turned to him with a smile. She had a neat gray blouse and a flower-patterned skirt. She was tall and round, and her red-tinged hair was tightly permed. Overlarge glasses covered much of her face, making her blue eyes seem huge.
Maloree always told Jesse that the carrot-orange hair and freckled face was a family trait that even his great-great-grandfather had when he was Jesse’s age. According to Maloree, Jesse hadn’t hit his growth spurt yet, as apparently the Tynans were willowy and tall, whereas Jesse was barely five-and-a-half feet. He decided that he’d believe it when he saw it.
“Gran, what are the boxes for?” Jesse asked, skipping the greetings.
His grandmother’s smile vanished.
She bit her lip and with a nervous twitch of her wrist, Maloree brushed a dangling white curl out of her eyes and went to join her grandson on the couch. Up close Jesse could see how tired she looked. There were dark circles under her eyes, and her lids were pearly with sleeplessness. The lines carved on her forehead and cheeks seemed to have gotten deeper.
“Is this about last night?” Jesse asked.
“No,” his grandmother said quickly, and then hesitated. “Maybe a little. You shouldn’t have done what you did last night. You know better.”
“And I already apologized. What is this about? If you’re grounding me, get it over with.”
“I’m not,” said Maloree, “grounding you.”
“Then what’s going on? Why the big production?” Jesse shook his head.
Maloree expelled a sigh. “We’re moving in a few days.”
“We’re what?” Jesse sat upright with indignation. “I can’t do that, gran. Not when I’ve finally found someone who likes me.”
“Well, I’m sure she’s a wonderful girl, but this move isn’t optional.”
“I don’t get it.” Jesse crossed his arms. “You didn’t mention any of this ahead of time. I didn’t even know the house was for sale! Why? Why are we moving?”
“I have to get away, Jesse,” Maloree said, the corners of her mouth trembling. “Things aren’t right. Something bad is going to happen. I can’t tell you what. You… you don’t understand.”
“No,” Jesse muttered through clenched teeth. “No, I don’t. Listen, I have school. A test coming up—”
“Don’t give me that, Jesse,” Maloree sounded tired, and dead-serious. “I know you don’t care about any of that stuff. You’re always complaining about how you hate school and teachers and how irritating your schoolmates are, and I’m glad you’re starting to open up, but something’s going on. Is this all because of one girl? Answer me that, Jesse.”
Jesse glared. “Look, go if you want to. I don’t care, I’m staying here. At least until the end of June. I’ll find someone to stay with, and I can work. I’m old enough to take care of myself, and I’ll catch a flight to where you are when I—”
“No!” The fierceness in Maloree’s tone made Jesse jump. “I’m sorry, Jesse. I really am. But you just turned sixteen barely a week ago. You’re too young to stay here in New Jersey on your own. Something could happen.”
“Like what?” Jesse demanded. “Tell me why this is such a big deal.”
Maloree looked as though she were about to shout something back, but instead she shut her eyes and began taking long, deep breaths. “Jesse,” her voice was as taut as a wire. “Now is not the time for one of your little rebellions. We’ll be gone by the end of the week. I mean it.”
In one swift movement, Jesse picked up his text book and threw it across the room, knocking over a picture hanging over the mantle. He didn’t cringe when he heard the glass crack.
But the doorbell startled both of them.
“Who—” Maloree began, but Jesse was already on his feet.
“I’m leaving,” he said, snatching his coat from the hook by the closet. When he swung the door open, Emberlee was waiting on the other side, looking startled.
“Hey,” Emberlee gave a small wave. “You ready?”
Maloree had stood and was slowly making her way to the door, her gaze fixed on Emberlee’s with a look of horror, like she’d seen a ghost. He knew they’d met before, with Maloree being his school’s student councillor and Emberlee’s constant visits, but he didn’t know what the look was for.
Emberlee gulped and looked from Maloree’s pale face to Jesse’s grim one. “Is something wrong? Should I go?”
“Don’t bother,” Jesse said, throwing his jacket on. “We’re done here.”
Emberlee hovered in the doorway, looking uncertain. “Are you sure? I can come back later, if you want,” she said. “Really, I don’t mind.”
“That’s actually—” Maloree didn’t finish before Jesse stepped outside with Emberlee.
“Screw that. We’re leaving,” Jesse said, casting a final glare at his grandmother. “Bye, gran.”
Maloree bit her lip. “But Jesse, we have to talk about this.”
“We’ll have plenty of time to talk in the moving truck.” Jesse could taste the venom in his words, and had the satisfaction of seeing his grandmother flinch. He slammed the door in her face before grabbing Emberlee’s arm and half-dragging her away from the house.
“Jesse, calm down! Don’t tear my arm off,” Emberlee protested as Jesse hauled her down the street and around the corner. He glanced back at the house, expecting his grandmother watching, glaring from the window, but the place looked quiet and peaceful. He spotted the ‘For Sale’ sign leaning on its side in the garage, ready to be set up in the front lawn, and he huffed before tearing his gaze away.
“Sorry,” Jesse muttered when he let go of Emberlee. “It’s just… I’ve got a lot on my mind.”
Emberlee jogged to catch up with his long strides. “Like, that whole we’ll have plenty of time to talk in the moving truck thing? What was that about?”
Jesse glanced at her uneasily. “Emberlee… I have to tell you something.”
She blinked at him. “What?”

Six
“I still can’t believe she’s doing this,” Jesse said for the third time, pushing open the glass door to the Morning Joy coffee shop for Emberlee. “At least you’re not the one being dragged off into the middle of God knows where—”
“Jesse, calm down.” Emberlee interrupted his tirade when she gently placed a hand on his shoulder.
The coffee shop was crowded. Most of the tables and stools were taken up by teenagers enjoying their Spring Break. The smell of coffee and donuts was overwhelming.
“Go find somewhere to sit,” Emberlee said gently. “I’ll order the coffee. Anything in particular you want?”
Jesse shook his head. “No, you find the seats. I’ll order the coffee. Now what do you want?”
Emberlee’s eyes widened at the reply, but her expression smoothed over with a smile. “Just plain coffee is fine. Black.”
Jesse nodded and headed off to the coffee bar, checking his back pockets for spare cash. He spotted Emberlee from the corner of his eye as she sat down at a booth in the corner by the window, across from the flat-screen television hanging on the wall.
He went up to a free cashier and pulled out a few bills. “Two black coffees.”
The boy behind the cash register jabbed a few buttons. “Small?”
“Yeah—” Jesse stopped when the boy’s voice registered familiar in his mind. He looked up from the bills into two different colored eyes and a bad overbite.
The kid from the party, the one who Emberlee had said didn’t exist.
The boy didn’t look nearly as surprised to see him as Jesse did. Instead he placed both hands on the counter and leaned down so they were the same height.
“What’s the matter, kid?” he laughed. “Not happy to see me?”
Jesse threw on a scowl. “You work at Morning Joy?”
The boy shrugged. “Hey, a guy’s gotta make a living.”
“Where have you been?” Jesse demanded.
“Where have I been?” The boy questioned with a teasing grin. “What, do you come here every day?”
Jesse shifted in his place, crumpling the cash in his angered fist. “Who do you think you are, anyway?”
The boy tiled his head to the side with a playful smirk. “Who do you think I am?”
Jesse’s jaw worked as a thousand rude answers flooded his head. “I have to talk to you,” he said instead. “Like, as soon as possible. You need to tell me what I saw last night.”
The boy had a teasing smile on his face as he rapped his fingers on the counter. Jesse could hear his foot tapping from behind. “Ah. I see.” The boy said. “Suffering from short-term blindness. Or were you on drugs? Come to think of it, I’m not so sure I know what you’re talking about.”
Jesse’s jaw ached from clenching it so hard, his fists quivering and further wrinkling the cash. “Don’t be stupid. I wasn’t on drugs and most definitely am not blind. You know exactly what I’m talking about, jerk.”
“Listen, I’ve got a line starting,” the boy said, looking over Jesse’s shoulder. “I don’t suppose this little feud could wait?”
Jesse glanced over his shoulder to check the line-up just as he heard Emberlee calling him. “Jesse!” she called, waving him over with a smile. “Do you need any help?”
The boy chuckled softly to himself when Jesse shook his head, and he turned away to start preparing the coffees. “Was that a small or a medium?”
Jesse exhaled. “Yeah, fine. Two small black coffees.”
In under a minute, the cups were filled and topped with a lid, and the boy slid them across the counter to Jesse. He held a hand out to him with a chortle. “Five-ninety-nine, please.”
Jesse handed him a five dollar bill and a loonie before snatching up the drinks. “We’re not finished here yet.”
The boy snorted as he dropped the money into the cash register. “Yes, I see that. I just handed you your drinks like, under twenty seconds ago. Of course you’re not finished,” he raised a teasing brow at Jesse.
“No,” Jesse muttered through his teeth, “I mean you and me. I have to talk to you.”
“Well,” the boy glanced down at his watch, “my shift ends in about ten minutes. Can it wait?”
Jesse sighed and started to turn away. “I guess it’ll have to.”
“Oh, and by the way?” the boy pointed to his name tag, which read Ashton. “I’ve got a name, just in case your short-term blindness is kicking in again.”
Jesse gave him a bored look and turned to go back to Emberlee before the line behind him could get any more impatient.
When he reached Emberlee, she was texting on her cell phone with a giddy smile. Jesse set the cups on the table and threw himself in the seat across from her.
“Thanks,” Emberlee said before taking a sip. She licked her lips with a calmed sigh. “I hope this’ll distract you from your gran for a while. Besides, it’s not like we’re never going to see each other again.”
“How do you know that?”
“Well…” Emberlee hesitated before shrugging. “I dunno. Where did you say you were moving to, again?”
Jesse was about to reply when he realized he didn’t know. “Oh. I guess I forgot to ask.”
Emberlee stared at him, and seemed about to say something when Jesse’s cell phone, buried in his pocket, began an insistent ringing. Jesse fished it out, and scowled at the name flashing on the screen. With a huff, he shoved it back into his pocket and ignored it. “Ugh, it’s my gran.”
Emberlee looked nervous, fiddling with the label on her cup. “Are you… going to talk to her?”
“No, not now. I have nothing to say to her.” Jesse said, feeling guilt when the ringing stopped and his voice mail picked up.
Emberlee looked almost relieved. “You know, you can stay with me at my house, as long as you want. My parents are out of town on business. It’ll be just the two of us!”
“I don’t know. I’ll give you an answer when I calm down.” Jesse took a gulp of the bitter liquid before grabbing his phone again and punching the voice mail button. His gran’s voice came out, shaky as though she’d been crying. Jesse cringed at the guilt eating away at him. His gran was evidently trying to sound calm: “Jesse, I’m sorry. I know the move must have been a surprise for you. If you come home, I promise we can talk about everything—” Jesse hung up before the message could finish, feeling still angry and even guiltier all at the same time. He shoved the phone in his pocket and rubbed his temples. “She wants to talk about it now.”
Emberlee took a gulp of coffee before replying. “Well, what do you want to do?”
Jesse sighed, scratching the back of his head now. “I don’t know. I guess I’ll call her after you and I are finished here.” He was about to add how he felt bad for brushing his grandmother off and being angry, until he heard someone laughing.
He spun around in his seat and spotted Ashton taking off his employee shirt and revealing a black tank top underneath. He was more lean and built than Jesse had expected, and he appeared to be flirting with a short and curvy brunette, who was tying her long tresses back behind her, giggling at him. They were standing by a coat rack in the corner next to the back door.
“You have an amazing sense of humour, Ash.” She fluttered her eyelashes at him as she adjusted her name tag, unreadable from Jesse’s distance.
Ashton laughed again. “And you just noticed?”
The girl giggled into her palm. “I’ll see you again tomorrow?”
Ashton shrugged, brushing his fingers over her cheek before grabbing a red hoodie from a hook. “I think the real question is, will I see you tomorrow?”
The girl giggled and sauntered away, before glancing over her shoulder at him and giving a wave. Ashton replied with a simple nod.
“What is it?” Emberlee followed Jesse’s gaze, but it was obvious from the blank expression on her face that she couldn’t pinpoint what Jesse was looking at.
Ashton was looking directly at Jesse now, the corner of his mouth quirked in amusement, and he raised his right hand to wave at him. Then he began walking, unhurriedly, toward the back door. Jesse’s lips parted in surprise. He was leaving, just like that. He couldn’t trust him to stick around, and knew he had to act fast.
He felt Emberlee’s hand reaching over the table and brushing his arm. She was saying his name, asking if there was something wrong, but Jesse barely heard her. “I’ll be right back,” he heard himself say as he sprang up off the chair, nearly forgetting to put down his coffee cup. He raced toward the door, leaving Emberlee staring after him.
When Jesse burst through the doors he was terrified that Ashton would have vanished into the back alley like a phantom. But he was there, slouched against the opposite wall. He’d been examining his nails when he looked up in surprise at the back door to Morning Joy falling shut behind Jesse.
In the daylight, Ashton’s dark hair had the slightest tinge of red. “Aw, I’m so flattered,” he said, grinning all over his face. “You were practically flying after me.”
“Shut up.” Jesse came closer. “Now, there’s nobody else here. We’ve both got plenty of time. No one is holding you back. So tell me. Why do you keep showing up everywhere I am? I’ve seen you twice now.”
“No one said I was following you, kid.”
“That’s funny. Real funny. And my name’s not kid, by the way,” he said through his teeth. “My name is Jesse.”
“Jesse,” Ashton said slowly, enunciating it very clearly. “From the Hebrew name Yishay, which means “gift”. Like the famous athlete Jesse Owens, whose real name was James Cleveland, or J.C., Owens. Did you know that?”
“Do you think I care?”
“You don’t care about much, do you?” There was lazy contempt in his one gold eye, while the left white one held fixed on him. It was freaking him out. “I can tell just by looking at your face that a huge load of negativity is welling up inside you. Like those skyrunners from last night.”
“What exactly are skyrunners?”
“They’re beings created of pure negativity, born whenever humans feel anger, hate, grief, sadness, and all that,” he explained. “Well, they’re born from Others, actually. Others are a real-self’s ‘subconsciousness’ residing in an alternate version of Earth called the Otherworld. Real-selves are people like you.”
“So you’re not a real-self,” Jesse said.
“I am at the moment,” he nodded. “But I’m not like you.” There was no defensiveness in his tone. He sounded like he didn’t care if Jesse believed him or not.
“I’m not quite sure I know what you mean by that.” Jesse leaned against the window behind him and nodded at Ashton to continue.
“It’s a long story,” Ashton went on. “Anyways, when real-selves face something traumatic, their subconsciousness grows a skyrunner, which represents the negativity that the real-person is feeling, and their Other is trying to fight it off.”
“And Others are a dude’s subconsciousness or whatever?”
“Yes,” Ashton gave a subtle nod. “Others are also the source of real-people’s emotions. If an Other succeeds in defeating the skyrunner, then their real-self succeeds in demolishing the negative thought and feels relief. But if an Other is defeated, then in real life their real-self gets ‘reset’ in a way that they lose sense of their emotions and hurting that they had been feeling beforehand.”
Jesse lifted a brow. “So they become zombies?”
Ashton shrugged after a moment’s pause. “Well… not zombies, exactly.”
“Then what do you mean when you say real-selves lose their emotions?”
“It’s different for everybody,” Ashton continued, his gaze still fixed seriously on Jesse’s. “I hear most resort to drugs and the like, in an attempt to feel relaxed or whatever. Other people I hear of break entirely and lose their mind. Or, they fall into a coma, you know? They’re basically not themselves. That’s what I’m getting at.”
“Yeah,” Jesse said slowly, trying to process it all. “But… how do skyrunners come to our world? Earth, I mean? You said that the Other creates them. So how did I see one last night?”
Ashton smiled, as though Jesse had just told him a lame joke. “You’re completely right. Usually skyrunners never go to Earth. What you saw was me getting in trouble, and having the boss get pissed and send those guys to keep me out of trouble.”
“Wait, wait, wait. Slow down,” Jesse gave Ashton a curious look. “Boss? The skyrunners have a boss?”
“I guess she’s not a boss exactly,” Ashton looked up at the sky, searching for the right words. “You see, there’s this particular witch here. On Earth, I mean. Her Other rounds up the stray skyrunners who haven’t been defeated by their Other. Sort of like how an eight year old would gather ants for his ant farm. You know? And then the witch tries to control them and enforce them, and she’s doing a crazy good job at that. You wouldn’t believe how many of those things are crowding the streets of the Otherworld.”
Jesse smirked at him. “So what did you do to get those things after you?”
Ashton laughed at this, much to Jesse’s surprise, considering the situation. “Okay, so you know I’m really an Other, right?” he said. Jesse nodded, and Ashton went on. “All right. So, it looks like I’m the only one of the Others who are incapable of spawning skyrunners.” Ashton paused, waiting for Jesse to shout back an astonished remark, but sighed and continued when all he got was a blank stare. “Anyways, the guys who tested me wanted me to help them get a cure. A cure that once injected will prevent the Other from ever creating a skyrunner from their emotions ever again, no matter how much negativity they feel. Do you see how much better things will be once you don’t have that negativity constantly eating away at you?”
Jesse nodded slowly, piecing it together. “Oh, I get it. So this witch lady found out about your plans and banished you from the Otherworld to prevent you from making that cure, right?”
Ashton looked relieved at Jesse, whom finally got the point. “When I was sent to Earth, I occupied the body of my real self. Now I’m trying to get back. And the only way to do that is to find the one who sent me here in the first place. Or someone more powerful than her. And I know the witch resides here in Trenton, New Jersey.”
Jesse frowned. “That must’ve taken a long time to track her down.”
“It wasn’t hard. I guess you could say the witch and I sort of know each other.” Ashton said. “And now I’m wasting my time telling a stubborn kid all the secrets of my people.” His gaze drifted past Jesse’s shoulder through the window, where a mocking grin overcame his face. “Speaking of people…”
Jesse frowned and spun around, squinting his eyes against the sunlight reflecting off the glass to see what Ashton was talking about. “What?”
Ashton snickered. “Don’t look now, but I think your girlfriend took off on you.”
Jesse’s stomach plummeted. A horrible combination of rage and confusion gripped his insides, and he felt like destroying something.
He couldn’t begin to imagine what his Other was going through.
Ashton looked down at his watch and clucked his tongue. “Time is ticking. We should go.”
Jesse whipped around, his face hurting from glaring so hard, trying to keep the curse words from surfacing. “We?”
“Yes, we.” Ashton said. His voice was edged with amusement. “You know the truth now. And you wanna know something else?”
Jesse’s scowl fell, replaced with uncertainty. He stayed silent.
Ashton was grinning at him, like Jesse was a solid gold plaque sitting on his doorstep. “Your Other is stronger than the witch. You’re gonna get me out of here.”
“I’m gonna what?” Jesse echoed in alarm. “What if I don’t want to help you? If keeping this stuff a secret is what’s bothering you, then I won’t—”
“That’s your problem. You can come willingly or unwillingly.”
Jesse couldn’t believe anything he’d just heard. “So you’re threatening to take me hostage?”
“Well, if you look at it that way,” Ashton said, “yes.”
Jesse opened his mouth to protest angrily until he was interrupted by an insistent ringing. It was his phone again.
Jesse glanced up seriously. “Hold on a second.”
Ashton sighed and turned away, resorting to examining his nails. “Go ahead. I’ll make sure you won’t ditch me like your girlfriend did to you. I’ve been fighting negative guys like you all my life.” This won a scowl from Jesse.
He half-turned away from Ashton and began digging in his pocket. By the time he unearthed the phone it was on its third set of rings. It was his grandmother again, though he’d expected it.
He raised it to his ear. “Gran?”
“Jesse! Oh, I’m so glad you’re all right. You have to listen to me—”
“Calm down, gran,” Jesse said. A sharp stab of alarm scurried up his spine at the sound of his grandmother’s panicked tone. “You were right the whole time. Emberlee’s no different from the rest of them. She just ditched me. I’m on my way home now—”
Jesse was interrupted by a horrible ripping sound, like splintering wood. Something crashed in the background.
Jesse’s heart began to thump against his ribs. “Gran! What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
A shatter of glass, a terrible crunch, and a thump, followed by a blood-curdling scream. Chomping, chewing jaws. A disgusting, high-pitched and scratchy cackle. Another shatter and a ripping sound.
“Gran!” Jesse screamed into the phone. “Gran, answer me! What’s going on?!”
The silence coming from the other end felt worse than the feeling of being laughed at.
Someone on the other end drew in a sharp breath, and he heard crunching footsteps. A pause. Then, an eerie giggle. It wasn’t Maloree.
The line went dead.
“Gran!” Jesse was screaming into the phone again. The screen said the call was ended, but the entire “conversation” made no sense. The only thing that Jesse got out of it was that his grandmother was in danger, and there was someone, maybe even something, in their house.
“Jesse,” Ashton said. It was the first time he’d ever heard him say his name. “What’s going on?”
Jesse ignored him. Feverishly he hit the button that dialled his home number.
No one picked up.
Jesse’s hands had begun to shake uncontrollably. When he tried to redial, the phone slipped out of his shaking grasp and hit the pavement hard. He dropped to his knees to retrieve it, but a long crack had grown visible across the front. “Dammit!” Almost in tears, he shoved the phone angrily into his pocket.
“Stop it.” Ashton hauled him to his feet, his hand gripping his wrist. “What happened?”
“I need to call the police!”
“Tell me what happened first.”
Jesse furiously yanked his wrist back, swiping at his nose before frantically looking around, trying to decide on the quickest route home.
“Jesse,” Ashton grabbed Jesse’s shoulder and turned him so he had no choice but to look at him. He looked so sincere, so blithe, but in a non-hurtful or teasing way. Jesse didn’t know whether to look at the white eye or the gold one. “I can help you.”
Rage flooded through Jesse, a hot tide through his veins. Tearing himself free, Jesse darted out of the alley and ran. When he reached the street, he glanced over his shoulder with a half-expectation to see Ashton at his heels. But there was no one there. He’d disappeared. For a moment he stared uncertainly into the shadows. Nothing moved inside them.
He spun back around and ran for home.

Seven
The day had gotten hotter, and running home felt like racing against a boiling current.
Traffic whizzed by Jesse in a blur of headlights. Jogging up the street toward his house, he found that everything on the outside looked exactly the way he’d left it. He told himself everything was fine, but that thought quickly combusted when he reached the front door. It was unlocked, hanging slightly open.
His grandmother’s keys and orange purse were hanging on the coat hook, like always. “Gran?” Jesse called. “I’m back. Where are you?”
He heard no reply. When he turned into the living room he found the windows wide open, lacy white curtains billowing in the breeze like restless ghosts. Only when the wind dropped and the curtains settled did Jesse see that the cushions had been ripped from the sofa and scattered around the room. Some were torn lengthwise, cotton innards slopping onto the floor. The bookshelves had been tipped over, their contents scattered. The piano bench lay on its side, Maloree’s music books spewing out its hidden compartment in the seat.
Most terrifying were the paintings. Every single one had been cut from its frame and ripped into strips, which were scattered across the floor. The empty frames looked empty without the otherworldly landscapes within. Jesse felt a scream rising up in his chest. “Gran! Where are you?”
Heart pumping, he raced into the kitchen. It was empty, the cabinet doors open, smashed bottles and packages of tea, spices, and sauces spilling multi-colored liquids onto the linoleum. Jesse’s knees felt as though they would cave in on him.
He knew he should dart out of the house, call the police. But those things seemed very unimportant compared to his need to find Maloree first. He had to know that she was all right. What if robbers had come, what if his grandmother had put up a fight? What kind of robbers didn’t take a wallet with them, or the TV, the Blu Ray player, or the laptops?
He was at the door to his grandmother’s bedroom now. For a moment it looked as if this room, at least, had been left untouched. Maloree’s handmade flowered quilt was folded carefully on the duvet. Jesse’s own face smiled back at him from the top of the bedside table, ten years old, gap-toothed smile framed by carroty hair.
He was about to call for her again when a noise sounded through the house, raising the short hairs along the nape of his neck. Like something being knocked over.
A heavy object struck the floor with a dull thud. The thud was followed by a dragging, thumping noise. It was coming toward the bedroom.
Stomach contracting in terror, Jesse gulped and turned around slowly. He looked up.
It filled up the entire doorway. Judging from its glowing blue body, it was a skyrunner, and though Jesse hadn’t seen many, this was a kind he’d never seen before, or the way he expected one to look like. It looked like a tyrannosaurus rex skeleton, mixed with stegosaurus and ankylosaurus parts. The tyrannosaurus bones formed the base of the creature, while the stegosaurus’s plates formed ridges along its head, neck, tail, and shoulders. The ankylosaurus’s club was used as its tail.
What mainly caught Jesse’s attention was the clear bluish glass encasing its ribcage, crackling with electricity. Inside it was Maloree, curled up and appearing to be fast asleep.
It began to slither slowly down the wall. Some part of Jesse had passed beyond terror into a sort of icy stillness. The thing’s gaze caught on Jesse, and its steps grew quicker and longer. Backing away, he seized a heavy framed photo off the bureau beside him—himself and his grandmother sitting together on the back porch—and flung it at the monster.
The photograph hit its midsection and bounced off, striking the floor with the sound of shattering glass. The creature didn’t seem to notice. It continued on toward him, broken glass splintering under its feet.
Jesse’s back hit the wall. He could back up no farther.
The skyrunner growled before it sprang and hurtled into Jesse, knocking him to the ground. His head and shoulders slammed against the floor.
The hot breath in his face stank of smoke and copper. He couldn’t breathe. His arm was pinned between his body and the monster’s huge clawed foot, shattered glass digging into him. He twisted, trying to work his hand free.
Its lipless mouth twitched as its jaws opened, slowly, a wave of stinking breath hot in his face. Jesse’s hand came free. With a scream he hit out at the thing, wanting to smash it, to blind it, but its teeth were as long as his whole arm. The creature lunged for his face, jaws wide, but stopped with a jerk when the whistling sound of flames echoed in Jesse’s head, and he thought he’d imagined it until he witnessed the beast’s head light on fire.
As if from a distance, he could hear himself screaming. Looking almost surprised, the creature jerked back. It growled again, this time a sound like a thick angry buzz, and threw its head back. The thing began to twitch and spasm uncontrollably. Its foot released Jesse and it stumbled to the side, and Jesse spotted Ashton, looking proud and cocky in the doorway, a gun in his hand.
He saw Jesse’s stunned look and snickered, before tucking the gun back into his back pocket. “Miss me, Jesse?”
Gasping for air, Jesse rolled over and started to scramble away from the fallen, jolting skyrunner. “No,” he said. “I had it under control.”
Ashton raised a hand to barely obscure his amused grin. “Ah,” he said. The sarcasm was thick in his tone. “I see. Forgive me for stepping in and saving your rear.”
Adrenaline was still racing through Jesse’s veins as he watched the crackling skyrunner, lying on its side on the floor by the bed. “My grandmother,” he raised a shaky hand to point. “I think it ate her!”
Ashton smirked. “I see. It’s a “skelter” skyrunner. One made specifically by the witch who controls them, used to swallow up their prey and hold them prisoner unless you slice its head off.”
Jesse couldn’t tear his gaze from his grandmother, looking so peaceful inside the deadly beast. It was horrible. “Come on,” he said hastily. “We have to get her out of there—”
“Don’t bother, dear.”
Jesse’s breath caught at the familiar voice. He saw the look on Ashton’s face, pure horror, and slowly they both turned around.
“Emberlee!”
“Witch!”
Jesse looked up at Ashton after having heard himself speak the same time as he did. He raised a brow in question. “What?” Jesse shook his head. “No, that’s—”
“The witch I told you about,” Ashton finished grimly, his gaze fixed on the girl standing at the end of the hall. “She runs the skyrunners. I didn’t get a good look at her before, but I’m guessing this is also your girlfriend?”
Jesse snapped his head back around to look at her. She looked exactly the way he’d just previously seen her at the coffee shop. Her hands were behind her back and her eyes were wide and glassy, pleading, and she looked as sweet and innocent as ever. Ashton couldn’t be serious. How could a young girl like this possibly enforce such ravenous beasts? It made no sense. Emberlee was just a normal girl, after all. One he knew he had to protect.
Frustration boiled up within Jesse. His clenched fists began to shake as questions and accusations raced through his head. He opened his mouth to say something when Ashton interrupted him.
“Jesse, she’s tricked you.”
He looked up at him again, knitting his brows. “What? No—”
“She’s a witch, Jesse,” Ashton crossed his arms and briefly glanced down at Jesse before continuing. “She’s been using her powers to tell you what to think, what to say, what to do. What you’re seeing right now isn’t even the real Emberlee.”
“Shut up, beanpole,” Emberlee’s voice shook. She took a step closer, her wide eyes fixed timidly on Jesse. “Jesse, please. You’ve just met this guy. You can’t trust him. Trust me. I really, really like you. This dude has no clue what he’s even talking about, believe me. He has no right to call me such a wicked thing.”
Jesse felt like he was being ripped in half at their words. His head was commanding him to believe Emberlee, to run to her and protect her, to hold her. But on the other hand, something in his heart was saying something wasn’t right.
Ashton scoffed at Jesse’s dithering expression. “Jesse. Sorry for being so blunt, but you’re an idiot if you’re letting her walk all over you like that.”
Jesse ignored him. He held his gaze on her, his jaw set. “Emberlee, why’d you leave me there like that?”
Emberlee looked about to cry. Guilt suddenly ripped through his insides, regretting the question, but he held firm. “I’m sorry, okay?” she said, her voice trembling. “Please don’t be mad. But you left me first.”
Jesse frowned. “Then how’d you know to come here?”
“I felt bad for leaving you, so I went to your house. I was lucky to find you here.” Emberlee smiled, her whole face glowing. When she held out her hand, it took every ounce of Jesse’s willpower to resist racing forward to take it. “Come here. I can help you protect your grandmother from those skyrunners.”
Jesse had been about to give in until he heard her say “skyrunners”. The events of the party replayed themselves like a television in his head: Ashton as he bribed his way into the party, looking to get back home to his world. The skyrunner disguised as the girl in blue. Emberlee, trying to prevent him from following them, and then claiming none of it had ever happened and that Jesse had imagined the whole thing. And now she had just proved that she knew what a skyrunner was.
Could it be possible that, perhaps, Ashton had been telling the truth?
When Jesse focused on Emberlee again, her image was wavering, like it had when she’d first asked him to the party. For a split second he saw thinned and frizzy pure white hair with a bluish tint, a large hooked nose, huge and quite insane-looking eyes with dilated pupils, a jutting chin, long yellowed fingernails on thin wrinkled hands, a hunched back—
There was a high wailing noise before Jesse could focus on the rest of her, the sound rising in pitch like the scream of a terrified child. He held his head and stumbled back as he tried to refocus on her.
Emberlee looked young again, but not quite as beautiful. Her whole face was scrunched up like a prune as she shrieked, her hands raised to touch the sides of her face, her knees lowering to the carpet. The crooked frames hanging on the wall lifted off their hooks and began spinning clockwise around the hallway, creating a sort of tunnel. The beige paint on the walls peeled, bulbs shattered, and mirrors cracked. The debris she created lifted up, only to join and begin spinning around them like they were inside a tornado. Even furniture like couch cushions, pillows, and bed sheets lifted from their places to fly through the house.
The wailing threatened to split Jesse’s ears in half. Emberlee’s hair flew free from her pins, blowing wildly around her scrunched-up face. A large blue vein throbbed in her neck. Jesse shuddered at the sight of her.
Finally the screaming stopped, but the indoor tornado progressed. When Emberlee opened her eyes they were entirely black, as though her pupils had swallowed up most of her eyeballs. Greenish-blue veins and lines were visible on her greyish skin. “Shut up,” her voice was a low gurgle. “SHUT UP AND DIE!”
Ashton pushed Jesse over when they heard something whistle through the air by their heads. Each ducked just in time before hardcover books the size of dictionaries and glass shards shot toward them.
Jesse screwed his eyes shut and grasped both sides of his head, crouching in an attempt to shield his body from the flying objects, wondering how and why things had taken a turn for the worst. Just yesterday he’d been sitting in class and counting the minutes until the bell rang, while teachers drawled and students continued texting and turning up their music.
Had it really been only yesterday?
He was interrupted from his daze when Ashton violently shook his shoulder. He opened one eye to look at him.
The boy looked calm and serious, like a leader marching his team of soldiers off to battle. He was crouched down so they were the same size. “Jesse, get a hold of yourself,” he commanded. “You have to get outside. The skyrunner is getting up again. Don’t look, and listen to my instructions.”
Jesse turned his head to the side, disobediently, and was rewarded with the sight of the dinosaur-like beast raising itself up on both feet, tilting its head up to release a spine-tingling, energy-crackling roar, which seemed to shake the house more than it already was. His gran was still inside of it.
“I told you not to look,” Ashton hissed. “Listen to me. That thing is made of pure energy, literally, as well as negative energy. Now, what’s bad for electricity?”
Jesse had to think for a second before feeling stupid for not to have known earlier. “Water. We’ve got a pool in the back yard.”
Ashton nodded. “I know. I saw it when I followed you here.”
“So what’s the plan?”
“Simple,” Ashton said. “You lead the thing to your backyard and get it to fall in. I’ll stay here and distract the witch.”
Jesse’s eye twitched. “Me? Face that thing?”
Ashton was looking impatient, a muscle throbbing in his jaw. “Oh, I see. You’d rather fight the witch. By all means, have at it. Fight her while I lead the thing to a freaking pool.”
Jesse stood straighter and nodded in determination. “Right. Fine, I got it. But how do I get out there?”
“You’re not going anywhere without a slit throat!” Emberlee answered instead, her voice a shrill scream.
Ashton smiled in a way that moved only his lips, and even the corners lifted just slightly. Jesse could tell by his composure that he wasn’t convinced, let alone threatened. “Stay still,” he whispered.
“What?” Jesse said, caught momentarily off-guard.
There was a sudden roar, and then the skyrunner holding his grandmother was charging at them, jaws wide. Before Jesse could do anything, Ashton grabbed him by his hood and tossed him onto the skyrunner’s back.
Jesse jolted as soon as he landed, not only from the shocks the beast’s body gave him, but from the impact as well. Jesse was sitting directly on the skyrunner’s head. It felt like sitting on a metal contraption that was constantly releasing static-electric shocks—nothing too unbearable, if not a tad painful and very annoying. But Jesse held on tight as the beast charged onward.
He looked down just in time to see Emberlee look up at him in surprise, then her whole body flinching as she braced for the impact, and in a second she was trampled by the beast.
Jesse’s heart pounded against his ribcage, rapid jolts of static electricity and adrenaline combining to give him the energy of a cheetah after consuming an energy drink. He cringed after every crash into surrounding walls and toppled furniture, taking out chunks of the house bit by bit as Jesse used all his willpower to guide the skyrunner outside. He barely saw any of it, as his hands were raised to block flying debris and trinkets from stabbing into his face.
The fresh air felt like welcome on his skin, despite the beast underneath him growling and thrashing in attempts to buck Jesse off of it. He felt a wave of accomplishment at getting the skyrunner out of the house, at least, until he remembered his grandmother, still inside of it. If he sent the beast into the pool, the electricity mixed with water could potentially kill her—
Jesse had no time to finish his thought, let alone react, until the skyrunner twisted its head in an awkward rotation, jaws snapping, and Jesse slipped off.
He grabbed onto a bone in its neck before tumbling to the ground. He immediately regretted it when the thing spun its whole body around in a sort of ungraceful pirouette. The backyard was a blur of carefully tended rosebushes and an old fence.
With a final flick of its head, Jesse was sent airborne.
His head smacked the metal railing that guided the pool steps with a painful twang before he struck agonizingly into the chlorinated pool.
The collision from both the railing and the sudden plunge under water had momentarily stunned him and, combined with the static shocks, he felt disoriented and tender.
He spun and kicked in the water. Terror gripped him, terror of the blind darkness and the millions of tons of water all around him, pressing in on him, choking out the air in his lungs. He couldn’t tell which way was up or which direction to swim. He couldn’t hold his breath. He sucked in a lungful of chlorinated water, his chest exploding with the pain, stars bursting behind his eyes.
I’m dying, he thought.
The last thing he heard before fading into darkness was explosions. Ravaging bursts, coming from the house, like a wall being blown out, followed by the skyrunner’s roar and a raspy scream. He caught a glimpse of colors; brilliant flashes striking the surface of the water, and the yellows and reds of flames from beyond the pool.
A dark shape had raced to the edge of the pool, lingering at the edge for a split second before breaking the surface and diving, swimming powerfully toward him.
He felt soft, slightly bony hands grip his, and he was rising.
Let your mind relax.
Ashton’s voice, hazy as it echoed in his head. He felt like he was being pulled against a strong current. And yet, the feeling was like flying.
Wait for it to come to you…
Ashton’s voice again, clearer now. He saw an eye, a golden eye. Like a ring of crackling flames, or a golden light at the end of an extensive, black tunnel.
…Like waiting for something to rise to the surface.
By the time Jesse’s flesh hit the cold, fresh wind, it was too late.

Eight
“Do you think he’s ever gonna wake up? It’s been at least three hours.”
“Well, I figure it’s better if the guy doesn’t wake up at all.”
“Edana, come on…”
“Zander! Do you realize who this is?!”
Three hours, Jesse thought slowly. All his thoughts ran as thickly and slowly as blood. I have to wake up.
But he couldn’t.
The dreams held him, one after the other, a river of images that bore him along like a branch tossed in a current. He saw his grandmother holding him, and it was as though he was having an out of body experience. Her eyes were like bruises in her red and blotchy face. She was crying, hugging Jesse’s limp and soaking comatose body in her arms, begging him to wake up. Pleading. Praying.
“Yes, I know very well who this is. You do realize we’re gonna be in serious trouble when the witch finds out we’ve got him in your home, right?”
“Who says the witch is gonna find out?”
“Whatever. Speaking of which, where’s Ashton? This kid is the one who brought him back home in the first place. I thought he would have been at least a little interested in his awakening.”
“I haven’t seen him since he materialized out of thin air in the middle of the road, carrying this guy. I remember he helped bring him in, but… I dunno. I guess he doesn’t care.”
“I don’t know why anyone would—Look! He moved!”
“Dammit.” A sigh. “I guess he isn’t dead after all, Zander. I’ll go see if I can find Ashton.”
Jesse’s eyelids felt as if they’d been glued shut. He imagined he could feel tearing skin as he peeled them slowly open and blinked for the first time in three hours.
The light pouring in from the open window drenched everything in red light, like an extreme sunset. The ceiling had intricate paintings and designs of planets and stars, and if it weren’t for the red light blanketing the area, Jesse would have assumed he was looking up at the real thing.
Painfully he hauled himself into a sitting position. Every part of him ached, especially the back of his head where he’d wacked it by the pool. He glanced around. He was tucked into a linen-sheeted bed, one of a long row of similar beds with metal headboards. His bed had a small nightstand beside it with a flaming candle resting on it. The heavy-looking brown curtains were pulled back from the open windows, and he could hear the faint, ever-present sounds of traffic coming from outside.
“So, you’re finally awake,” said a dry voice. “We all thought you’d probably die in your sleep.”
Jesse turned. A guy with bright red hair in spikes styled upward with a slight widow’s peak was straddling the back of a chair, leaning his elbows lazily off the back. Though his expression clearly showed he wasn’t happy to see Jesse, his neon-green eyes reflected the flames from the candles.
“Sorry to disappoint you.” Jesse’s voice rasped like sandpaper. “Is this the… the Otherworld?”
The guy rolled his eyes. “Is there anything Ashton didn’t tell you?”
Jesse coughed. “This is the Otherworld, right?”
“Yes. You’re in the infirmary, not that you haven’t figured that out already.”
Jesse’s jaw clenched as he bundled up the sheets in his fists. He remembered Ashton telling him in the alley that he was going to be his ticket back into the Otherworld, but Jesse hadn’t thought he’d actually achieve it. He felt like he was dreaming, like none of this could be real. He wanted to believe this actually was a dream, but the pain and sensation gave him the horrible realization that this was all too real.
“Who are you?” Jesse looked up at him with an expression of cynicism.
“Zander,” he answered. “Zander Fintan.”
Jesse barely nodded. He hardly cared who the guy was. All he was focussed on now was the many questions flooding his head. Why did this place feel so oddly familiar to him? How was he going to get back home? What happened to his grandmother after he’d blacked out? Where had Ashton gone? There was so much he didn’t understand.
“Uh,” Jesse started, for the sake of convenience. “My name’s—”
“I know your name.”
Jesse looked up at him. Confusion reigned. “How do you know my name?”
“Well,” Zander said, “everyone knows your name, Reaper.”
Jesse blinked several times in a row, his nose wrinkled. “Excuse me?”
“Reaper Devolution. That’s the name that your Other goes by, anyways.” Something in Jesse’s expression obviously changed, because Zander had released a sigh in frustration. “Of course, not many people know your real name. Me, included.”
“Then what—” Jesse stopped himself before an undignified sentence could escape. He sighed and restarted. “Just call me Jesse, okay?”
“So, then you really are his real self?”
Jesse drilled his fingernails into his palms, taking a deep breath. He was seriously getting tired of this topic. “Yeah, I guess I am. How do you know me? Reaper, I mean.”
Now it was Zander’s turn to look confused. “What? You mean, you don’t even know?”
Jesse stared blankly.
The guy rapped his fingers on the edge of the chair, silently searching for words. “Well… I guess Ashton didn’t tell you everything after all.”
“Just answer the question.”
“It’s why he chose you to take him back,” Zander spoke as though he were surprised Jesse didn’t know. “You’re powerful, dude. More powerful than the witch.”
“So you’re telling me I’m a wizard, then.”
“No, not a wizard,” Zander shook his head. “I didn’t mean with magic, and stuff. Here in the Otherworld, your extent of power are your emotions.”
“That makes no sense.”
Zander stood up quietly from his chair and pushed it against the far wall. “It will,” he said. “Come on, we should go find the others. Edana went to go find Ashton, and she isn’t back yet.”
“But—”
“Whatever questions you still have will be answered when we find Edana and Ashton,” Zander walked to the door after gesturing with his hand to the foot of Jesse’s bed. “Your shoes are right there. Now come on,” and he left.
Jesse looked over the edge and found his shoes placed neatly at the foot of his infirmary bed. Sliding his feet into them, he took a deep breath and left after Zander.
Jesse glanced down the corridor outside the infirmary, and spotted Zander already halfway down it. Jesse hurried after him, mystified. The hallway looked like the sort from horror movies and nightmares, shadowy and infinite. Glass lamps hung at intervals on the walls, and the air smelled like dust and candle wax.
Jesse slowed when he caught up to him. “So, who’s Edana?”
Zander’s hands were in his pockets, and he looked tired. “My girlfriend,” he answered. “We’ve dated for two years now. She can usually be found in the gym. Kicking some ass, as always.”
“What is this place? A pimped up hotel?” Through half-open doors Jesse glimpsed countless identical small rooms, each with a stripped bed, a nightstand, and a large wooden wardrobe standing open. Pale arches of stone held up the high ceilings, many of the arches intricately carved with small figures. He noticed certain repeating motifs: trees and clouds, suns and water drops.
“Well, kind of,” Zander said. “Edana and her aunt run a residential building. They can hold up to a hundred people here.”
“But most of these rooms are empty,” Jesse observed.
Zander shrugged in a way that suggested he didn’t really seem to notice or care. “People come and go.”
Turning the corner, they came to a doorway, the door propped fully open. Zander walked in ahead. Jesse hesitated and peered in. His eyes widened at the sight of the elegant and classy-looking area, which was evidently the lobby. Two rounded staircases on either sides of the spacious room led up to another floor, each lined with red carpets and gold railings. A solid-gold chandelier hung from the ceiling, burning bright with orange flames. Pictures of relatives in gold frames lined the beige walls. The light pouring in from the windows reflected off the polished surfaces, creating a bright, warm feel of the place. Several other doorways lined the walls, along with several in the corridor at the top of the staircases. A set of sofas surrounded a coffee table in the center of the lobby.
“Zander,” a voice said very softly. Jesse and Zander turned to find a woman appeared from behind a hidden doorway under the stairs. She was a tiny and frail figure, slight and bony, with knobby knees and swollen arthritic fingers. Her face was all angles and planes, with a sharp chin and straight cheekbones that left her eyes deeply sunk. Steel-gray hair was combed straight back off her face and held in a tight bun at the back of her head. It pulled the skin on her face taut.
Zander sighed, smiling warmly as he walked toward the woman. “Mrs. Michaela,” he said. “How are you doing today?”
“Uh, dude,” Jesse interrupted impatiently. He didn’t care if he was being rude; he didn’t have time for this. “Who is this and why aren’t we going anywhere?”
“What was that?” the woman came closer and leaned forward, squinting short-sightedly. “I can’t hear a blasted thing! I need my hearing aids fixed. What’re you doing here, Zander?”
“Do you know where your niece is?” Zander looked into her copper brown eyes with his vibrant green ones, and attempted to speak audibly and clearly for her. “I’m looking for Edana.”
Mrs. Michaela squinted up at him. “Your cooking door feeds Donna?” She made a face of utter confusion, obviously hearing him incorrectly. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, kiddo, but I suggest you leave me out of it. Try some Buckley’s, you sound sick,” and with that, Edana’s aunt waddled out of the room.
Jesse and Zander exchanged perplexed looks, before Zander nodded his head to the stairs, and went on ahead.
The corridor at the top of the stairs led off in two directions; one to another staircase, and the other to a dead end with a table propped against the wall. An empty flower vase sat on its surface. The corridor was filled with the distinct sounds of metal repeatedly clanging against each other.
Zander grinned and turned toward the sound. “Of course Edana would be in the training room,” he said. Zander headed off in the direction of the staircase. “She’s such a tomboy sometimes. Tough, too. Come on.”
Jesse mainly followed the sound of what he’d determined to be swords, as well as hurrying after Zander’s long strides. The clanging swords grew louder, and soon Jesse could distinguish grunts and laughing. After going up a second staircase and ending up on what must have been the top floor, Zander took a sharp turn into the first doorway.
Two knights, one at least six feet tall in copper armour, the other shorter and dressed in bright red armour, jabbed and dodged one another in a large and empty training room. The entire opposite wall was glass, with an open door that led to a porch. The wall by the doorway Zander and Jesse stood in was lined with displayed swords, knives, and guns. A chair sat in the corner. Jesse didn’t get a chance to see very much of the action before the knight in red turned to them, sensing the two pairs of eyes watching.
Holding the sword in a tight two-handed grip, the knight swung it around his head, the edge of the blade keening and humming through the air.
A feminine laugh echoed from within the armour, and the red knight advanced on them. “You!”
The copper knight and Zander both stepped away, and the red knight came closer, seeming to be aiming for Jesse. He gulped and pointed to himself. “Me?”
“Duh! Who do you think I’m aiming for?” the knight laughed again, then raised her sword. “Fight me!”
Before Jesse could react, Zander dashed around behind the red warrior and his hands locked onto her shoulders. A fire blazed and crackled in his eyes. The girl struggled to swing her swords around, but Zander tightened his grip and pushed, driving the red knight to her knees, fingers biting metal into the flesh, pinching nerves. The sword dropped from the girl’s hand.
The copper knight was nearly killing himself laughing, and walked back. A boot caught on the latch of a hatch in the floor that Jesse hadn’t noticed before. The knight tripped and fell backward, sliding the hatch wide open.
Five rabid dogs swarmed out. The animals barked and their claws scratched along the floor, lips bared to reveal savage yellow teeth and lolling black tongues.
Jesse pressed his body against the far wall, eyes wide and face ashen. The dogs were close enough for him to see that their eyes were completely orange without a hint of white or pupil. The beasts stopped in front of him, growling deeply, pressing Jesse against the opposite wall. Jesse shut his eyes and looked away, until he felt a rough tongue brush against his fingers.
Slowly, Jesse opened one eye and looked back, and found the dogs didn’t look all that terrifying at all. Instead they looked cheerful, barking at him to come and play. Although the dogs weren’t large, they were incredibly muscled. The one in the middle stood up on its hind legs and pushed its front paws against Jesse, repeatedly licking his face.
“Stop!” The red knight shouted, rising to her feet. The dogs stopped what they were doing and raced to her, yapping and scampering. She whipped off her helmet to reveal a pretty fine-boned face with vibrant strawberry-red hair cropped about an inch from her skull, except for her bangs, which were long enough to cover her left eye. She grinned at them, and Jesse saw that she had a gap in between her two front teeth, which were otherwise pearly and straight. Jesse knew this must have been Edana.
“What the hell was that, dude?” Edana was down on one knee and rubbing one of her dogs, while keeping her gaze locked on Jesse. “Why didn’t you fight?”
Jesse wrinkled his nose. “Why did you wanna fight in the first place?”
“I wanted to see if the famous “Reaper Devolution” was as powerful as they say, but I guess not.” Edana shrugged, thinly masking her disappointment.
Jesse clenched his fists. “I’m not this Reaper guy! I’m just Jesse, and all I want to know is what I’m doing here, how I got here, and how I can get back home!”
Jesse was interrupted by the clanging of the copper knight’s armour as he stood up and dusted himself. The knight froze in his place and leaned backward, as if surprised at something, until his head snapped forward in a really loud sneeze.
The knight removed his helmet to reveal a familiar face. Jesse recognized him with a furious change of his expression, as if the look he had on before wasn’t deadly enough.
It was Ashton, with the same giant eyes, one iris white and still, the other the color of polished gold, along with the awfully bucked teeth and the round-shaped face. His nose was still perfectly sloped and small, like an anime character’s. It was the stripe of snow-white hair that streaked down the center of his natural mahogany color like a skunk that was different from how he’d seen him last. His true look, of course, now that he wasn’t in his real-self’s body.
“Ugh,” Ashton rubbed his nose, making his way to the door. When he shook his head, his longish choppy hair moved to reveal an earring that Jesse hadn’t noticed before. “I love dogs, don’t get me wrong. I’m just ferociously allergic to them.”
Cursing under his breath, Jesse wasted no time in closing the space between himself and Ashton, and giving him a hard shove. Ashton moved backward in more of a surprise than actually getting pushed.
Jesse was fuming, glaring up at the tall guy. “What did you do?”
Ashton snickered at him. “Oh, me? I think it’s more like what you did. I was just complaining about allergies, when you randomly came up and pushed me. Though, I understand no one likes a complainer, but still…”
“Quit acting like an idiot.” The ferocity oozed off Jesse’s tone. Only, Ashton still didn’t look convinced. “I want an explanation. Now. What happened back there at my house? What’s the deal with this Reaper guy? And what’s with the crazy skunk hair?”
Ashton looked as though he were trying to hold in a laugh, which infuriated Jesse. It was like his torment and confusion was enjoyment for him, or a game.
Instead, Ashton’s reply surprised him; “I could say the same about your hair, Frosty.”
Jesse froze, immediately grabbing for his bangs and going cross-eyed to see them. “What?”
No one replied. Instead, Edana had snatched an iPad from the chair in the corner of the room and handed it to him with a poorly hidden smile.
Jesse flashed an angered and confused look, but took the Ipad anyway. It was set to the camera function, giving Jesse a perfect look at his altered appearance.
He screamed.

Nine
Jesse’s hair was snow-white, yet still the same length and style. His clothes had changed, too: a high-collared black leather vest with metal spikes on the shoulders, and a greyish-green t-shirt underneath. He had grey jeans with three buckles on his left thigh, along with a zipper going down the side of each leg. The pants were tucked into calf-high zipper-lined black boots. He wore two brown belts and two black ones around his hips, all of which were quite loose except for one, a black one worn properly around his waist. An odd barcode tattoo was printed on his arm just below his elbow, of which he hadn’t noticed was there before.
He hadn’t screamed in much fear or surprise, but at the irony of it all.
Ashton was hardly trying to mask his look of sheer amusement. “Seriously, man? In light of our situation and everything we’ve been through to even have gotten this far, I’m surprised you haven’t taken the time to notice.”
Jesse ignored him, dropping the iPad into Edana’s outstretched hands. “What happened at my house before you took me here?”
Ashton moved to the wall and leaned against it, eyeing the dogs as he rubbed his nose. “For your information, you brought yourself here.”
Jesse was fuming. “Can’t you just be serious for one minute?! I don’t want to be here! You and your stupid mind tricks are to blame!”
“No actually. My stupid mind tricks were like the car to your gasoline. I couldn’t go anywhere without your help, if that makes any sense. I hear that when an Other gets a real self to get him from Earth to the Otherworld, only I’m supposed to go. Not you too, but only if your Other wishes it. And your Other obviously wanted you here, so… yeah. Here you are.”
Ashton paused to sneeze when the dogs started yapping and jumping again, so Edana led them back to the hatch. Zander followed, muttering disappointedly about some sort of Aqua Festival. Whatever that was.
“Don’t get me wrong,” Ashton went on. “I don’t want to be in the Fire District any more than you do, but when being transported to the Otherworld, we’re automatically taken directly to where your Other currently is, whether I’m going alone, or not.”

“Am I in my Other’s body, then?” Jesse crossed his arms.
“Well, wherever you go, there’s always going to be only one of you,” Ashton answered. “So basically… yes. This is your Other’s body.”
Jesse shook his head, suddenly feeling very dizzy. He moved to the chair in the corner and sat down while Ashton began taking off his armour. “This is absolutely insane,” he said. “How am I supposed to get back home?”
“Well,” Ashton started, tossing a gauntlet to the side, “One way is to hop into a car, make sure you’re in Skyrunner territory, drive it’s absolute fullest speed in a straight line, and wait until you get shot to the real world.” When Jesse looked up at him incredulously, Ashton grinned and went on. “Those things have one base in every district. And there’s six of them, by the way. Only in a skyrunner base can you ever hope to get to the real world. Skyrunner bases are built strictly off power and emotion, so they’re extremely mystic that way.”
“And how does that whole process work?”
Ashton paused, his gold eye lifting to the ceiling in thought while his white eye stayed fixed in one spot. The look made him appear insane, and slightly creepy to stare at. “I actually don’t really know the science of it, to be honest. But I suppose it’s all in your perception. They say that while everything blurs past you, it’ll start to morph and change into acquainted surroundings, until you suddenly wake up on familiar grounds. You won’t even remember falling asleep, and your experiences and the Others you met here will be nothing but the blur of a far-off memory, or a scattered dream.”
“Like waking up one morning and knowing you dreamed something,” Jesse said, “and forgetting what it was?”
Ashton nodded excitedly. “Yeah, there you go!”
Jesse looked around himself at the spacious room, then through the glass wall at the crimson city outside. The streets were made of brick, and what few clouds there were in the sky resembled smoky drifts. Then he realized with a jolt why this place looked so familiar.
His Gran’s paintings. She’d painted this place. And she’d met with Emberlee in student council, and Emberlee obviously already knew about this place…had his grandmother already been to the otherworld at some point? Could she have possibly known about the skyrunners and Emberlee being a witch?
“So,” Jesse said slowly. He refused to forget his irritation toward Ashton, but he had to find answers to the flood of questions consuming his mind, and he needed Ashton on his side in order to get the truth. He refused, however, to tell him about his discovery of his gran knowing about the Otherworld. “What’s the deal with these districts? Do they represent a real place, or something?”
Ashton laughed as though Jesse had just told him a funny joke. “That’s cute. But seriously? Do you even know your social studies?” Jesse shrugged, and Ashton continued with a disappointed look of his own. “The design of each district represents a certain emotion that a certain person, or real-self, is trapped in. Others look the way they see themselves, in a way that corresponds with the emotion or personality that describes them. Make sense?”
Jesse wrinkled his nose and stood up off the chair. “Sorta. Actually, not really.”
Ashton rolled his eye. “It will, though. Just wait, you’ll figure it out. The point is that every color, every important object, represents an emotion.”
Jesse sighed as he ran a hand through his hair. “Okay. So, tell me what the Fire District represents.”
Ashton smirked and shook his head. “What do you thing the Fire District represents? It’s the emotion that every Other in this district feels.”
“But I don’t know this district or the people here,” Jesse groaned.
“It’s usually obvious on their faces.” Ashton observed. “But on those occasions where someone puts on a mask to hide what they’re feeling inside, well… that’s when you’ve gotta look a little deeper, longer, and closer.”
Jesse wrinkled his nose. “That sounds creepy. I’d rather not.”
Ashton laughed again. He was about to say something else when Edana and Zander hurried over, eyes wild.
Ashton’s brows knit together and he took a step closer. “What is it?”
“Skyrunners,” Edana panted. She didn’t look scared, but instead fuelled with excitement. “We saw one in the front yard.”
“So, what are we supposed to do about it?” Jesse drawled, examining his nails.
Zander shot him a look, irritated. “Kill them, of course. Come on!”
“My aunt could be in trouble!” Edana’s eyes were flaming.
Before Jesse could say anything else, Ashton and the others raced past him and darted down the stairs. Groaning, Jesse begrudgingly followed.
The sound of grunts and growls echoed throughout the building, complete with the sound effects of battle. Jesse hated having to run, with his prosthetic leg and all. Finally he made it back down to the lobby.
Jesse stopped at the corner and examined the room. It wasn’t as bad as he’d expected, as there were only about four skyrunners, and all they’d managed to do before Ashton, Edana, and Zander showed up was knock over the sofa and scratch the table.
Jesse debated whether or not he should go down and attack. But then again, what difference would he make? The most threatening thing he could do was throw a pillow at one of them, and maybe use the fallen sofa as a makeshift barrier.
“Well, now isn’t this surprising.”
Jesse whipped around at the cold, sly voice behind him. A boy the same height as him was leaning against the back wall, his thumbs hooked into his indigo jeans. Heavy-looking black boots with silver buckles went up to about mid-calf, and his leather jacket was open to reveal a black shirt with the image of a skull on it. Silver spikes lined his broad shoulders and Jesse could tell he was muscularly built and lean. His whole head was obscured by a motorcycle helmet, the opaque black visor pulled over his face.
Jesse stumbled back, catching himself before nearly falling backward down the stairs. “Who the hell are you?”
The boy snickered darkly. “Heh. You’re off to a dodgy start there, asshole.”
Jesse glared, correcting his stance as he clenched his fists. “I asked you a question. Or are you incapable of understanding?”
“I understood it,” the boy answered coolly, abandoning the wall and coming closer. He took out a gun from his back pocket and gripped it in his left hand. “It doesn’t mean I have to answer, boss.”
Jesse’s breath caught at his last word. “Boss?”
He knew the boy was grinning by the following sound of his laughter. “You know, at first glance I could’ve sworn you were the guy. Now I’m not so sure. You look more to me like a petrified child.”
“Hey, shut up!” Jesse lashed out. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, but I’m no one’s boss!”
“Jeez, the witch was right,” the boy shook his head in disappointment. “That last mission really did a number on you.”
“I am not my Other!” Jesse exclaimed. “I’m just a regular guy, and I have to get back home. I’m in my Other’s body.”
“Then how—” the boy stopped midsentence, as though distracted by something. He leaned forward, examining Jesse from behind his helmet. “You’re right. This isn’t the real deal.”
“How can you tell?” Jesse raised a brow suspiciously, readying himself if the boy tried anything.
“Your eyes,” he started, “are that of a real self. Yours are mostly pale blue with flecks of brown and green. The eyes of an Other are neon and just one color. They look fake. But yours… yours look real.”
Jesse opened his mouth to say something, until he heard footsteps on the stairs behind him. “Ragnar?”
The boy looked over Jesse’s shoulder at Ashton, who had stopped halfway up. He had a look of surprise and happiness, all mixed in with sadness, like the expression one had when remembering a good friend that passed away.
Jesse looked back and forth between the two in question. “Ashton, you know this guy?”
“Yeah,” Ashton had begun walking the rest of the way up the stairs so he stood well over a head taller than Jesse and Ragnar. “He’s my…my younger brother.”
Jesse looked up at him in surprise. “Your brother?”
Ashton nodded. He was clenching and unclenching his fists, his foot tapping to an imaginary rhythm. Ragnar replaced his gun and crossed his arms. “How convenient,” Ragnar said darkly. “It appears I have the two most important people to the witch right here in front of me. The witch has been looking for you, Ashton, for a few months now, ever since—”
“Ignore him, Jesse,” Ashton interrupted. “He’s obviously not as strong as he looks if he’s depending on that witch.”
Jesse frowned, contemplating the situation. “You work for the witch? Emberlee has a team here?”
“She may be called Emberlee where you come from, kid,” Ragnar said, “but here, she’s called Ember. Ember White. And she’s created a group of Others who depend on her for power.”
“Ember’s team is just a group of inconsistent people with dark hearts depending on unholy power in return for happiness.” Ashton explained, sneering at Ragnar in pure disgust. “They’re called Skychasers, mostly because they can control the skyrunners, like Ember can. They can learn to use magic sometimes, too. They’re also forced to do her bidding whenever she wishes it, and by doing so they enhance their rank in her group. Ragnar is one of the lowest ranking members. Don’t worry, his bark is bigger than his bite.”
“I don’t have time for your games, Ashton.” Ragnar held out his hand. “I’m sure Ember would love to see you both. You can either come willingly, or unwillingly. And I’m sure she’d be pleased if I returned with two dead bodies.”
Ragnar’s words hadn’t affected Ashton as much as Jesse thought they would have. Instead, Ashton laughed. “You wouldn’t kill me.”
“You don’t know that,” Ragnar muttered, lowering his hand and clenching his fist. “Things have changed, Ashton.”
“Come at me, then,” Ashton grinned and held out his arms.
Jesse frowned, taking a step back against the rail. “Ashton, what the hell are you—”
Without hesitation, Ragnar whipped out his gun and raced at Ashton with lightning speed, but he saw it coming and leapt backward off the edge of the stairs, flipping backward and pulling out a gun he’d hidden in his gun holster in the process. He landed squarely on his feet at the foot of the stairs and laughed. “So this is how it’s gonna be? Well then, let’s have it your way!”
Ragnar jumped onto the railing and shot at him as he slid down, but Ashton jumped back and pivoted around to shoot back. Ragnar dodged out of the way and suddenly teleported behind Ashton, but hovered in the air for a moment and locked his brother’s head in the crook of his elbow. Immediately, Ashton pushed back and fell on top of him, surprising Ragnar into loosening his grip.
Jesse looked around himself, at how more skyrunners had appeared, Edana and Zander giving it their all, while Ashton and Ragnar screamed and shot at each other in a flurry of attacks. Jesse cringed when he thought about how everything here represented what was going on in the real world.
Ragnar yelled when Ashton grabbed his jacket, jerking him backward, almost pulling him off his feet. Suddenly Ragnar really looked like the little brother being beat up by his older brother, literally.
“Hey!” Ragnar shouted. He swung his body around over Ashton’s head and gave him a hard kick, causing Ashton to release him.
Ashton didn’t waste any time. He grabbed Ragnar’s hand, gripped it tighter, locking it in place, then shifted his weight, spun his body ninety degrees and snapped out his right leg in a thrusting side kick. The heel of Ashton’s boot caught Ragnar on his kneecap with devastating force.
Jesse was sure that Ragnar’s eyes would have bulged. The dark boy released a screeching sound, but before he could draw breath, Ashton caught him in the center of the chest and, as he folded forward, brought a hammer fist down on the back of his neck, driving him to the ground.
Jesse’s eyes were wild at what he was seeing. “Ashton, stop! You’ll kill him!”
Ashton looked up at Jesse when he shouted his name, giving Ragnar enough time to summon three black crystals to appear out of the sky, and they focusing together to create a huge black beam. Ashton was shot backward, and Jesse stumbled back when he landed at his feet.
“Ashton!” Jesse shouted at him. “Don’t fight him anymore! Just walk away!”
Ashton clenched his jaw and squeezed his eyes shut. Ragnar walked calmly closer and planted his foot on Ashton’s chest, pointing the barrel of his gun at his brother’s throat. “You were always weak,” Ragnar said. For a moment, Jesse thought Ragnar was going to blast Ashton’s head off, but instead Ragnar dropped his weapon on the ground next to him and stepped back, opening a portal as he did. “But you’re right—I wont kill you. For now. But next time will be different. You can count on that.”
Before disappearing through the portal, Ragnar motioned his hand to the side, signalling the skyrunners. They stopped what they were doing and looked up at him. “Move! We’re going now!”
The skyrunners made a few grumbling, indecipherable gurgles, and in a second each grew a large spark in the centers of their chests and disappeared in huge flashes of energy.

Ten
Ashton must have been experiencing a vivid dream.
Jesse watched him turn and toss in the once perfectly-made bed. Ashton was in a cold sweat, white bangs wet and matted to his forehead, and whatever he was dreaming about must have been awful. Jesse never saw him upset like this, despite the fact that he’d only just met him hardly twenty-four hours ago.
After the big fight in the lobby, Ashton had left in a silent fury, refusing to reply when Jesse asked him about Ragnar and the Skychasers. Then when Zander and Edana left to privately talk with Mrs. Michaela, Jesse was left alone. Knowing he’d most likely regret it later, he left to find Ashton. Only, when he did, he was fast asleep in one of the rooms.
He was muttering something about fire and his father, which had led to Jesse wondering if his nightmares were the reason he didn’t much like the Fire District. Did he always sleep like this? Jesse sighed and returned to fiddling with his prosthetic.
He’d only been sleeping for about twenty minutes when his eyes snapped open and he shot up like a bolt, startling Jesse. Ashton’s breaths came out as sputtering gasps as he looked around himself, and he sank back into the huge pillow behind him in relief.

His gaze fell on Jesse, who’d been was sitting up in the chair across from him with one pant leg rolled up, only to reveal his scarred stump, cut just above his knee. He’d been fiddling with his prosthetic leg with the kind of thoughtful intensity one would express while playing a game of chess.
Jesse saw Ashton gulped and sit up straighter, leaning back against the pillows. “Erm,” Ashton started awkwardly, “how long have you had a prosthetic?”
Jesse sighed and looked back down at the prosthetic, the metal glinting off the lights from the chandelier hanging above them. “Uh… a while, I guess. It’s nothing new.”
“And just when were you planning on telling me?” Ashton said, furrowing in brow.
A muscle throbbed in Jesse’s jaw as he refused to meet Ashton’s gaze. “When were you planning on telling me about your brother?” He answered simply.
Ashton looked away with a small smile. “I didn’t know you cared about my messed up family life. But don’t worry, he’s not so scary. I guess there’s nothing to talk about.”
Jesse huffed, ignoring Ashton’s sarcasm. “Maybe I wanted the same thing. For no one to make a big deal about it.”
It was quiet again as Jesse continued to fiddle with his leg, pulling out small pieces of rock jammed in and cleaning off ashes until Ashton asked, “How’d you lose your leg?”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Jesse glanced up at him for a second before returning his focus to his leg. “Especially to you.”
So many questions were flowing through both their minds, Jesse knew, despite Ashton’s careless expression, staring out the window with both hands behind his head. He didn’t much mind the silence; it allowed him to think and focus clearer, and he didn’t have to deal or bother with people. He especially, for some reason, found pleasure when people got bored of him and left. But Ashton was still there, and something about his presence put Jesse on edge, like he was expecting a snide remark to slip out from behind that ghastly overbite of his, or for him to suddenly go all ninja and take him out like he watched him do with Ragnar and the skyrunners. Then again, he was probably just overreacting, with all the insane stuff that had happened.
“Take me back home,” Jesse said suddenly.
Ashton frowned at the suggestion, yet still refused to meet his gaze. “What—”
“Now.” Jesse demanded, re-attaching his prosthetic to his stump as though he’d practiced all his life, which it felt like he had. “And you know what? I’ll bet Emberlee didn’t even care about me to begin with. Nope, it was all a stupid trick! You know what? I am so done with people. Forever. You can’t trust anybody. They’ll only drag you down and make you feel worthless in the end.”
Ashton finally looked over at him, confusion flickering across his gold eye. The corners of his mouth lifted, just slightly. “You know that’s not always true…”
“Well, maybe not for you. We can’t all have perfect lives where you laugh everything off and crack a joke instead of getting mad, right?” Jesse fired. “Just take me home, and then we can both go our separate ways and never have to deal with each other again. I don’t like you. I don’t care about you. And I don’t give a rat’s ass of what you think of me.”
“You can’t.”
“Excuse me?”
“You can’t go home. Not now, anyways,” Ashton sighed, as though he were speaking to a child. “First of all? We don’t have a car. Second of all, if you go out there, you’ll get torn to shreds. Not only because there are skyrunners everywhere, but also because your Other isn’t exactly a very likeable guy. Third of all, I’ll bet that Ember, Emberlee, whatever-her-name-is chick is insanely angry with you. Especially your Other. Need I go on…?”
Jesse was pretending to ignore him, breaking eye contact and pretending to tie his shoes. He heard Ashton huff and throw off his blankets, then saw him stand from the corner of his eye. “And for the record,” Ashton said, “you have no right to say anyone has a perfect life.”
Ashton started walking to the doors when Jesse stopped him in a softer tone. “Why do you have two different colored eyes?”
Ashton froze, his hand on the doorknob. “Well,” he began hesitantly, “I had my right eye gouged out when I was a kid. It’s glass now. My white eye, I mean. A prosthetic.”
Jesse looked up at him in horror. He blinked in shock. “Gouged out?”
Ashton nodded, the look on his face suggesting he was enjoying the attention Jesse was giving him. “I wanted it to be white because in most cases, the blind have white or grey eyes. When the dudes at the hospital took my eye, I requested my fake eye to be white, so everyone sorta’ knew I couldn’t see through that eye. I didn’t wanna be fake, didn’t wanna lie. You see, I believe that by accepting yourself and feeling comfortable with your flaws, no one can ever use them against you.”
“But why?” Jesse asked. “Why did they take your eye?”
“It’s every kid’s dream to get their eyes gouged out at young ages. Makes for a life-scarring memory when they’re older.”
“Again with the jokes.”
Ashton shrugged, the teasing smile livid on his face. “You know, the same sort of thing happened with my teeth.”
“Those aren’t your real teeth?” Jesse smirked. “Because I can believe that.”
Ashton gave him a look. “I meant the feeling comfortable with my flaws thing. My upper lip is slightly thinner than it should be. And along with that, the tops of my front teeth are lower in my top gums than in other people’s, which makes my front teeth look that much bigger. My dentist suggested extracting a few teeth and filing the rest down so that they were a normal size, and then get braces and head gear, and that the results would be something truly worth it. But you know what? I’d be practically a stranger in the end. So I chose to stay the way I am,” he laughed. “Besides, with graduation in a few months, who would want to show up at the ceremony with head gear?”
Jesse knew he’d changed the subject on purpose, and though he didn’t know why, he decided to just ignore it for now. He looked at him incredulously. “Graduate?”
“Yeah, sure,” Ashton shrugged carelessly, leaning against the wall next to the door. “Life is the most exciting opportunity we have, but you only have one shot. You graduate from high school once, and that’s it. You’re going out of that nest. And you have to find that courage that’s deep in there. Every step of the way.”
Jesse shook his head in disbelief. “No, I mean, you’re seventeen?”
“Eighteen,” Ashton corrected him, “as of last month.”
“You’re screwing with me.”
“I give my word,” Ashton laughed. “Scout’s honor.”
Jesse actually cracked a grin. “Man. You know, just looking at you I assumed you were at least my age. Despite how freakishly tall you are, of course.”
“Well, how old are you?” Ashton raised a brow.
“I just turned sixteen, like, a week ago.”
Ashton laughed really hard, smacking himself on the head. “Dude, that’s insane. You’re so young, and here you are with so much anger bottled up inside you with a set opinion of the world, when you’ve hardly been given a chance to live it fully yourself.”
“I’m not a kid,” Jesse told him, seriousness overcoming him again. “I lost my childhood when I lost my leg.”
Ashton quickly shut his mouth and nodded, looking away. He was still smiling, like he was trying to hold back a laugh. Jesse wondered if he was doing it on purpose just to screw with him. “I’m… gonna go now.” Ashton said. “And by the way, I don’t care if you hate my guts. It’s not your job to like me—it’s mine.”

Eleven
“I really can’t trust you to do anything, can I, Ragnar?”
Ember White had had the building built for herself out of a unique sort of glass, so that she could watch the skyrunners from above the Shadow District—watch them train, watch them fight, watch them attack the Others—all without being observed herself. She was intrigued now by a new bunch that had just been spawned from a young girl surrounded by a swarm of other girls, down in the darkened streets in the pouring rain. She was so young. A mere child—probably not much older than twelve years old.
She grinned ruthlessly when the group of girls spawned their own skyrunners, and the beasts swarmed in on the young girl. Attacking, feasting off her fear and anger.
The children were almost precious, the way most of them stood off from the group, saying and doing nothing as the negativity and bullying drowned over the girl, while others were already taunting her.
Choosing their place in this cruel world.
“Ember, listen.”
She shook her head but didn’t take her eyes off the young girl, trying to fight them off. Fighting, struggling… failing.
Each skyrunner on the streets beckoned to each other after the girl collapsed to the ground, her sobs shaking her whole body.
“I knew that I couldn’t trust you to break those boys. If I could have had another operative to kill them off, I would have,” Ember sighed. “It’s too bad that all the other Skychasers have already been assigned to their missions.”
“Just let me get in on it,” Ragnar asked her, practically pleading. “The rest have been assigned missions. And I know there’s more you need done. I can help.”
She shook her head again in response. “I’ve given you your assignment—kill the boys. Jesse shouldn’t be difficult for you. But Ashton… I can understand your hesitation. But the moment you joined me, you said goodbye to your family, your past. Finish your mission, and you can join the others in luxury. Is that so hard?”
Ragnar was quiet, obviously thinking about what she’d said, and about Ashton. Ember knew what Ashton was planning to do. And if she let him follow through with it, then her plans would fail. And failure was not an option.
“Mrs. Michaela is with them.”
Ember looked up at the mention of the name. For a moment she expected to catch Ragnar’s reflection in the glass, but there was none, not in this window. Not in any of the building’s windows. She’d made sure of that. And yet, after all these years, she still wasn’t entirely used to it.
“And her niece, Edana Michaela.”
She raised an eyebrow with a small giggle. “Lucy Michaela; an old schoolmate. Now that brings back memories. Oh, the things she did to me.” Ember almost shuddered at the memories from all those years ago. “So, she’s finally been found. And in the Fire District, of all places.”
Ember’s nostrils flared and she turned back toward the window, just as a skyrunner lunged for the boy who had just spawned him. The boy screamed and fell onto his back, before his entire body seized up in concentration. Even from her overlook, Ember could see beads of sweat forming on the boy’s brow, sliding across his temple.
The skyrunner opened its mouth, teeth glinting, then hesitated when the boy grabbed a weapon. A small dagger.
“I can kill them,” Ragnar said with determination and finality. “I can kill both Lucy and Edana. And it will take nothing.”
The skyrunner fell off the boy, curling into a ball on its side. Unsteady himself, the boy climbed to his feet and brushed the black dust from his jacket. The dirt and grime was everywhere in these places. Emberlee hated the dust, the way it clung to her hair and nails, filled up her lungs. She much preferred to stay in the bright, glistening dome that housed the Shadow District’s capital and her headquarters.
“Ember?” said Ragnar.
“No, don’t kill Edana,” she said, her attention glued to the skyrunner as it writhed in pain, the boy sitting on it and stabbing the beast repeatedly with such ferocity. Rebellion and hatred glowed behind his eyes. Still fighting the negative control. Still struggling to keep his sanity.
“Let Edana live. For now.”
Finally, the skyrunner burst into ashes. The boy’s gaze was fierce, as angry and proud as he could be.
“I actually have a plan,” Ember said, grinning. “Tell her about Ashton after I find her aunt. The next time we strike against them all, these beasts will be leading the attack, and there will be no disguising them.”
“Yes, Ember,” Ragnar nodded—this time Ember felt the respect rolling off him as much as she heard it.
“Thank you, Ragnar. That will be all.”
Another bow, then the retreating footsteps.
Below, the factions were beginning to disband as the day came to an end. Remaining skyrunners were either following the Others who spawned them, or following through separate entrances, into Ember’s building.
It was peculiar to watch these people, and these creatures spawned from them. An army faster and stronger than any other army. The intelligence of men, the instincts of beasts, the pliability of children.
These beasts—these negative emotions—would never love her.
Not like the Skychasers loved her.
Not like the people of the Otherworld would soon come to.

After they had been fed and had time to relax and talk, Edana took Jesse to the gym, the room where he and Ashton had first met her, so she could teach him some silent defence.
“Okay, buddy,” she started, warming up by touching her toes. “You need to learn how to stand up for yourself. And by stand up for yourself, I mean fight back! With your prosthetic it may be more difficult, but then again I know absolutely nothing about prosthetics. Anyways, this should be interesting.”
“Yeah,” Jesse answered, only half-listening as he took out the phone he’d found in his pants pocket. It seemed to have everything his phone from Earth had.
“You’re gonna have to put that away,” Edana told him, placing her hands on her hips and giving him a look. Jesse gave her a yeah-right look. “Come on, Jesse, I can’t have you slacking and not paying attention! What are you even doing on that thing, anyways?”
“None of your business,” Jesse muttered, shutting it off and placing it on the windowsill. “Okay, so what are you going to teach me? And could we maybe make it quick? I’m beat.”
“Aw, poor fella’,” Edana fake-pouted. She cracked up into laughter and clapped her hands, then took out her iPad. “Let’s get started, now. Come see.”
Jesse shuffled closer to get a better look at what was on the screen. He hadn’t realized until now how much he wanted this, how much leverage he could have if he didn’t need so many people helping him out.
He watched carefully as she clicked through image after image of the basic diagrams. “Uh, no offence,” Jesse said, “but are we only going to look at pictures?”
Edana shrugged, carelessly tossing the iPad on the nearby chair. “When I first started out, my instructor thought the diagrams would help. I wasn’t sure if that would end up being the same case with you. Anyways, I ended up preferring a more hands-on method in my training. You wanna try that?”
Jesse nodded, taking a step back. “Yeah. Show me what I have to do.”
Edana clapped her hands in enthusiasm, bouncing on the heels of her feet. “Honestly, I’m surprised you haven’t learned at least the basics of self defense. I guess today was a wake-up call.”
Jesse ran a hand nervously through his hair. “Definitely a wake-up call. We’d probably be screwed if you guys hadn’t gotten rid of those things earlier.”
“Wimp,” she muttered, a playful smirk growing on her lips. “And what the hell were you planning on doing when Ragnar approached you?”
“I have no clue. Exactly why we should start now.”
Edana nodded her agreement and returned to explaining every diagram in-depth, and Jesse listened as though it were life-or-death information. It was life-or-death.
“What you have to keep in mind is that it isn’t always about strength. Most times it’s good to be light on your feet so you can sneak by the enemy unheard. It’s a huge advantage, believe me,” Edana explained.
“And it helps to never miss a point of attack,” Zander added, walking in behind them. “If you get that right, down to the centimeter, then strength won’t matter.”
Edana looked absolutely elated to see Zander join them. “Hey, maybe we should show the guy a few moves before he tries them himself, just to demonstrate.”
Zander nodded and Edana walked up behind him, placing her hands on his shoulders. “You be the victim this time.”
With a groan, Zander rolled his eyes. “But I’m always the victim.”
“Shh,” Edana grinned. “Do it for the joy of teaching!”
Jesse studied Edana as she went through the attack, going slow and explaining everything she was doing. She kicked the back of Zander’s knee, while holding his throat at the same time. Edana explained that this way the victim’s weight falls on her foot, creating less noise, and by squeezing his throat, she prevents him from yelling or talking.
“Okay, now you try it on Zander,” Edana told him.
Jesse agreed. After Edana stood back and let them try out the defensive move, Jesse did it perfectly on his second try. In only a few seconds Zander was sinking into the mat, gasping for air. “Wow. You’ve got skills. You sure you’ve never done this before?”
Jesse shook his head. “No, I have no experience.”
“Well, now you will. You’re talented, Jesse,” Edana grinned. “Now why don’t you try the same move with me instead?”
Jesse hesitated long enough to get a laugh out of Zander, which made him determined to succeed in attacking Edana. She was obviously way more experienced at this, but he couldn’t remain a newbie for too long, especially when the skyrunners could appear at any given moment. “All right.”
When Jesse tried it against Edana, she had him on the floor in some crazy counter attack before he could react. She smiled and leaned down with a hand outstretched. “Not bad. Just a little too slow. Let’s do it again?”
Jesse nodded, and they ended up spending another hour, back and forth, and Jesse caught onto a few counterattacks to try out himself. Edana and Jesse each won back and forth until they had gone through every move in Edana’s diagrams, several times each.
“What else do I get to learn?” Jesse asked her.
Edana grinned, looking through her iPad again. “Well, I could show you how to wield a Xiphos.”
“A what?” Jesse furrowed his brow as his hands settled into his pockets.
Edana was already turning the iPad off, looking up to grin at him. “Well, it’s a double-edged, single-hand sword used by the ancient Greeks,” Edana explained. “It was a secondary battlefield weapon for the Greek armies, after the spear or javelin. The blade is generally about fifty or sixty centimetres long, sometimes around thirty. I’ve got a few extras, if you’d like to see.”
“Okay,” Jesse said with a shrug, trying not to look so giddy as he followed Edana to the hatch in the floor, where she’d kept her dogs from earlier.
Edana leaned over and started pulling up the hatch door, groaning as it creaked open. By the looks of it, the thing must have weighed a ton. Jesse awkwardly stood behind her, debating whether or not he should ask if Edana needed any help. “Hey, are you—”
Jesse didn’t have time to finish before Ashton stormed in and hurriedly announced, “The skyrunners are here!”
Edana released the hatch so fast that the slam it created seemed to vibrate the entire room, also causing the boys to jump in surprise. She spun around on her heel and marched across the floor, her fists so tight her knuckles were becoming white. She felt her blood pressure elevate when she turned and punched the nearby wall.
Edana fumed. “Where are they?!”
She was glowing bright blue, and they all knew what was coming. Immediately, Zander rushed over and placed his hands on her shoulders, looking into her face. “Edana, babe, calm down. Listen, we can’t get all stressed out over this. Let’s go find your aunt, okay? She needs you.”
Something clicked together inside Edana when she looked up in realization, eyes widening. She grabbed Zander’s hand. “You’re right, we’ve gotta hurry!”
Something crashed and shattered from outside the training room. Three new skyrunners had entered before they had a chance to turn around.
Zander cursed under his breath, whipping out a gun he had hidden in his back pocket and tossed it to Jesse, who staggered back in surprise when the cool metal of the pistol fell into his hands.
“Jesse, I hope you’ve used a gun before, because we’re gonna need you to help us out.” Zander was eyeing the skyrunners as they stalked closer, with a seriousness flaring in his eyes.
Jesse was still thinking about how Zander had been keeping a gun in his back pocket the whole time, and he’d never known. He really couldn’t trust people. “Yeah, a few times when my gran took me hunting.”
“Well, then it’s basically the same concept,” Zander started the battle with a leap into the hair, coming down hard on the skyrunner on the left and drilling the heel of his boot into its head.
Edana ran past without so much as a shove as she raced past the skyrunners, seeming to know exactly where she was going.
“Edana!” Zander shouted, watching her disappear around the corner. He didn’t bother saying anything to Jesse and Ashton before taking off after her.
“Come on, Jesse. We can take ‘em, no problem!” Ashton gave Jesse a thumbs up.
With a startling shatter, a skyrunner practically flew through the doorway with its spear ready. Ashton dodge-rolled out of the way of the skyrunner, and leapt back up with lightning speed, grabbed one of the swords displayed on the wall, and came back with a powerful splice. The beast’s head lost its glow well before it hit the ground in an explosion of ashes.
Its body, on the other hand, still had some fight left in it. Now it was whacking its spear in every direction like a kid trying to eagerly hit a pinata at a birthday party. In his mix of stress and surprise, Jesse shot his gun several times in the beast’s heart, and it fell to the ground to re-join the ashes of its head.
“You know,” Ashton speculated with a grunt after rolling underneath another skyrunner and chopping its legs off, causing it to tumble to the ground, “you might wanna saved those bullets, ‘cause I think there’s gonna be a lot more where these ones came from.”

Twelve
Edana’s heart was swelling, bursting, her sprinting already burning her lungs as she raced up the stairs, taking them two at a time.
Skyrunners invaded her once peaceful home, causing havoc in more places than just the lobby, tearing up the walls and smashed valuables to the ground. They were intruders, fiends, and just knowing that they were here made her anger flare. And with that, she added four more skyrunners into the pile.
In a way she hated herself for spawning these creatures. It made her feel weak, and so she trained herself and killed off every beast in her sight in a reckless cycle of pain and anger.
With a savage scream, Edana released a blaze of bullets from her gun, surprising the rest of the dozens of skyrunners blocking her way to her aunt’s room.
Edana raced up the remaining steps and froze when she arrived in the open doorway.
A hurricane had destroyed everything in her aunt’s once spick and span bedroom. Makeup and clothes had been dumped on the floor, every drawer pulled from its dresser, and the quilts and sheets were piled and torn haphazardly at its foot, the mattress at an odd angle. Even the picture frames had been pulled from their brackets.
Then she spotted her aunt, lying helplessly beside the bed in a fit of coughing. A bright blue glow emanated from Edana’s aunt, and suddenly two more skyrunners sprang out from her back. Then it clicked; something had happened to her aunt to make her sprout all these skyrunners.
“Auntie!” Edana shouted, taking no hesitation in blasting her way through the exoskeletons of the beastly skyrunners, feeling pride when they lost their glow.
Her instincts kicked in the second Edana felt the second skyrunners grab her neck. In a moment, Edana had grabbed the skyrunners arms and flipped herself upward so she was crouching on its back, and though it was already falling, Edana drove her sword into its back, and she landed softly on the ground.
Then she raced to her aunt. “Auntie, what happened?” Edana surveyed the room again, heart still pounding as she lifted her aunt off the floor.
“She’s here,” Edana’s aunt said, her voice scratchy and weak. “She’s attacked. So much anger. I need to stop her.”
“Who’s here? What are you talking about?”
“She’s disappeared again,” Mrs. Michaela coughed. “She’s not coming back. I… I have to find her.”
Face burning, Edana grabbed her aunt’s arm and tried yanking her to her feet. “Auntie, you have to slow down. Something’s wrong with you, you’re making these skyrunners. They’re destroying the house. Listen, if you’d just get to sleep, then the skyrunners would—”
Lucy Michaela winced and fell back onto the cold wooden floorboards. She grabbed her heart, tears springing to her eyes as she tried pushing herself up again, but it was no use. She fell back with a soft thump.
Edana drew back, surprised, before planting clenched fists on her hips. “Auntie, stop this. You’re okay, you just need rest…”
Tears sprang to her own eyes when Lucy didn’t answer, and Edana fell onto her knees next to her. Her aunt was having a heart attack. Whoever had burst in here had been so evil as to give her last living family member a heart attack. But who?
The smell of smoke swirled through the air and Edana’s heart hardened. Edana’s father had abandoned her and her mother when she was very young. He had gone so many years without a single message, only to show up drunk one day and start destroying the house, tearing through their things. She remembered fearfully watching from behind the stairs as her mother tried calming him down, only to get what Edana had to assume was ‘accidentally’ shoot her in the skull. After that, one of their neighbours had phoned the police and he was taken to jail, leaving Edana to live with the last living family member she knew of. And now she was alone.
Someone entered the bedroom from behind her, pausing to examine the destruction in the bedroom, then slowly came toward her and placed strong, calm hands on her shoulders.
“Guys!” Edana heard Ashton’s voice from the doorway, sounding out of breath and excited. “We smoked those things! They were coming left and right, and one of them even broke down a—”
He stopped talking when he laid his eye on Edana’s aunt, who was laying completely still now.
Edana tried to hold back her tears, hold back the skyrunners threatening to burst out. She ran her fingers through her hair until she was sure it was sticking up in a thousand odd directions, but she didn’t care.
Someone had invaded her home, given her aunt a heart attack, and was now loose somewhere in the district.
Setting her jaw, Edana scooped up her aunt and pushed past Zander, sliding by Ashton and Jesse in the doorway.
Zander stood up in an attempt to follow her. “Edana…” he said.
“I’m taking her to the hospital. I can call an ambulance.” Edana paused to turn and face them with fire blazing in her eyes. “Then, I’m going to find whoever did this to her. Don’t follow me.”
“But Edana, it’s insane out there!” Zander objected. “The skyrunners are roaming every corner of the streets. And then whatever person you’re searching for, what if they find you?”
Clenching her jaw, Edana spun around, her aunt still limp in her arms. “I intend to find them first.”

Even by noon the next day, Edana still hadn’t returned.
The egg hissed as it slid into the melted butter, its vivid yolk drizzling into the white. Zander rubbed a speck of dirt off the next egg before cracking it open with one hand, simultaneously pushing the big wooden spoon across the bottom of the pan. The oozing whites grew opaque, fluffed up, developing a crackling film near the pan’s edges.
Otherwise, the house was silent.
When Edana took off, Zander had respected her wishes to be alone, though it was killing him inside knowing that she was hunting down the person that had broken into the house to do that to her aunt. He’d already spawned several skyrunners since she disappeared, and so he decided to get to bed early in hopes of forgetting about the previous day’s events, only to relive the nightmare of walking in on Edana amidst her silent sobs, her aunt dying on the ground before her.
He’d slept for half the day as well, and felt like a mess in the outfit he’d worn for two days already, his hair sticking up even more oddly than it usually did.
Ashton’s expression was blank and unreadable, but Jesse didn’t seem to look any different from how he usually appeared. Or maybe that depressing expression of his was already permanently glued to his face.
Letting the wooden spoon balance on the edge of the pan, Zander pulled three plates from the cabinet. The horizon was glowing in a vivid mix of orange and red, as the Fire District always seemed to. The hot sun looked like it was promising a good day, though that was completely opposite to the feelings of everyone else in the Inn.
Sighing, he spooned the eggs onto the plates before sitting down to join Ashton and Jesse at the table. He shovelled the lunch into his mouth while his hunger was stronger than his nerves.
Jesse only stared at his helping, leaning on one of his hands while using his fork to stab at the food with the other. Ashton was taking slow chews, surveying everyone’s expressions gravely as he did.
Zander looked down at his own plate when he realized it was empty. He dropped his fork on the table with a clatter while at the same time standing up so fast that his chair nearly toppled over, and startled everyone at the table around him.
“Guys, this is depressing. This whole thing is killing my vibe, here.”
Ashton slowly shook his head, setting down his fork with one of those smiles he had when someone was being amusingly childish. “Excuse me while I cry for you,” he said, his sarcasm like acid.
“You should!” Zander exited the kitchen and hurried up to the training room where he remembered Edana had left her iPad. The house was still in ruins; the picture frames knocked down from their places on the wall, furniture torn and knocked over, as well as the hole in the wall.
When he returned with the iPad, neither of the guys had moved from their places. He turned it on and began typing, Fire District recent murder.
Ashton got up from the table and came to see as a stream of links came up: Crime Library. Criminals and Crooks. Unsolved Murders in the Fire District. Even an article about how two skyrunners have been reportedly destroyed for murdering a man in the Air District and playing “football” with his head. The list went on.
He tried: murder at the Fire District Local Inn.
No matches found.
He knew that it was most likely the witch’s doing. He typed Ember White, but no matches were found.
He tried Skychasers next; nothing relating to the Fire District Inn.
Jaw beginning to ache, Zander handed the iPad to Ashton and rubbed his palms into his eyes. Street fighters? Kidnappers? The Mafia?
What was he supposed to do to find information on his girlfriend’s aunt’s death?
Zander started a pot of coffee while Ashton started typing.
An uneasiness was still lingering in the pit of Zander’s stomach. He couldn’t get the memory of Edana’s tear-streaked face as she carried her aunt out of the inn, watching her leave more skyrunners as soon as she left the building. Skyrunners breaking into houses and causing destruction certainly wasn’t uncommon nowadays, but why would the witch be directing them to attack the Michaela Inn?
Zander put his plate and the empty fry pan into the sink, running warm water over them while he scanned the streets and the people through the window. Soon, if not already, the Fire District would be buzzing with life, both good and bad as Others felt something negative all the time, which would create even more skyrunners to add to the pile.
He poured his coffee, topping his mug with a splash of milk, and sat back at the table where Jesse had pushed his untouched plate away from him, and was now resting in his folded arms on the table. He hadn’t said a single word all morning, and now that Zander was paying attention, he could see dark circles around Jesse’s eyes as though he hadn’t slept at all the past night.
Judging by Jesse and his rude, reckless attitude, Zander hadn’t expected him to be dragged down over the death of an old woman he hardly knew.
After Zander took a few swigs of his coffee, Jesse spoke up for the first time all morning.
“If everything that happens here mirrors whatever is happening in the real world, then what’s going on over there?”
Zander raised a brow, surprised at this question, and set his mug back down on the table. “Oh, so you do care about the well-being of others?”
Jesse scowled at him and sat up straighter. “Would you just answer the question?”
Zander glanced at Ashton, who didn’t seem to be listening as he typed away at the iPad with lightning speed, seeming to know what he was doing, before turning back to Jesse, who was still watching expectantly.
Zander leaned his elbows on the table. “Well, pretty much exact to what happened here. Edana’s aunt had a heart-attack. I don’t think we’ll get any clues from that.”
Jesse shook his head. “No, it’s not that. I was just wondering. Hey, do you and your real-self have the same name?”
Zander grinned and shook his head. “Nah. His name is Alec. Real selves and Others always have similar sounding names. Well, most of the time. Ashton’s real self has his exact name, though. Not sure why.”
Jesse wrinkled his nose. “But your names sound nothing alike.”
“Sure they do,” Zander said, as though Jesse wasn’t making any sense. “My name is short for Alexander. Alexander Ignatius Fintan. Why are you so interested all of a sudden—”
“Guys!” Ashton shouted happily, waving the iPad around. “I found this old news article of a fire on Baltimore Road in the 1930’s.”
Jesse shot up from his chair, all business, and leaned over Ashton’s shoulder to read. “That’s on Emberlee’s street.”
“Well, check it out!” Ashton insisted.
Jesse was quickly scanning the words, but wasn’t really paying attention to what he was reading until his gaze landed on the attached black and white photos of the victims killed in the fire. One person struck him as familiar, wide eyes dancing with the stars looking back at him.
“Hey, that’s Emberlee!” Jesse exclaimed.
Ashton glanced at Jesse quizzically. “You sure? Because this says her name is Ember White, the name of her Other.”
“What?” Jesse said. He was certain that the girl in the picture had the same face as Emberlee, but then why was she still alive if she died in the 1930’s? Then he remembered with a frightening pang, the last time he’d seen Emberlee—how her image flickered and for a second he’d seen a freaky old lady. He shuddered, letting it all sink in for the first time since he’d seen it that Emberlee was really old, and was playing mind tricks on him so that he’d see her younger self.
But that still didn’t answer the question on why the girl in the picture had Emberlee’s Other’s name.
Zander crossed his arms and shook his head. “Uh, dude,” he said, “I’m afraid I’m failing to see how this is relevant to Edana’s disappearance and her aunt’s death.”
Ashton gave him a look. “Hey, I wasn’t finished yet,” he changed to another article about a woman by the name of Tamika Bennett who was recently sent to a Psychiatric Hospital. “This lady claimed to have been attacked by Ember’s ghost. She had a heart attack, but they managed to save her. Apparently after that she went insane and became obsessed with this witch that had come to kill her. She said she saw her every night, and even when she had friends over, only she could see her. So she was sent to a psychiatric hospital.”
There was a picture of a dark-skinned elderly woman attached to the article, her long silver-streaked hair tied in a messy braid down her back. She didn’t appear insane at all, judging by her photo.
“Hey, I know her. Mrs. Bennett,” Zander realized out loud. “I think she was friends with Edana’s aunt. I saw her when she came to visit last year.”
“And what she claimed to have happened to her could relate to what happened to Edana’s aunt,” Jesse looked up at them with a furrowed brow. “But what does this have to do with Ember?”
“Well, they say Tamika keeps mentioning Ember White, so I decided to look her up, and after some digging I found that article about her death.” Ashton explained with a shrug, handing the iPad to Zander.
“I think we need to pay Mrs. Bennett a visit.” Jesse ducked away, like he was surprised he’d made the offer.
Ashton nodded his agreement. “Just what I was thinking—” Ashton stopped himself when he realized. “Jesse, you wanna help Edana?”
Jesse rolled his eyes. “Well, it’s not like I have anything better to do now.”
“But Jesse, I was supposed to go to the Shadow District tomorrow. There’s something I really have to do,” Ashton insisted.
Giving him a look, Jesse crossed his arms and wrinkled his nose. “Seriously? That doesn’t mean I have to go with you. If anything, I’d rather we went our separate ways. And I do want to get home, but this calls for more attention to me. My gran is safe for now, right? You killed that skyrunner holding her captive, and sent Emberlee running home scared. That’s what you told me. But Zander and I, and Edana when she gets back, can head out ourselves, while you do whatever it is you’ve gotta do. Sound good?”
“Ashton, what are you doing in the Shadow District?” Zander asked, leaning his palms back on the counter. “I hope you realize that’s basically skyrunner territory. There are more beasts than Others there.”
Ashton ruffled his hair with a fist, making it even messier than usual. “Does it matter? The point is, you guys have to figure out what your doing.”
“Well, if I know Edana, which I do,” Zander began, “she’ll want revenge for her aunt’s death.”

Edana cried for hours, curled up on a bench in the empty park outside the hospital, where her aunt had been taken in hopes of the doctors somehow finding a way for the lady to survive. There was still a shred of hope, but it was shrinking.
Each sob pulsed through her aching muscles, but the pain only made her cry harder with the memory of it all. She’d lost count of all the skyrunners she’d spawned, each coming back to attack her.
The adrenaline and anger and denial had fallen away when she’d been digging through the lost and found items in the hospital and had found a leather pilot jacket folded neatly at the bottom of the box. Though the jacket looked European, it still looked remarkably like the one her aunt had worn in her days as a pilot.
She’d clutched the jacket to her and cried into it for so long it was almost as soiled as the clothes she was supposed to be changing out of.
Her entire body was throbbing as the tears finally began to dry up. Gasping for breath, she rolled onto her back and wiped the last streaks away with the cotton. Every time her crying had started to subside before, the words would echo in her head, Auntie is gone, and send her into another torrent. She’d never spawned so many skyrunners in her life.
But the words were becoming hollow, the sting fading into numbness.
Her stomach growled.
Groaning, Edana settled a hand on top of it, wondering if she just shut her eyes and went to sleep, would her body forget that it hadn’t eaten in more than a day? But as she lay there, willing the numbness to take over, her stomach rumbled again. Louder.
Edana sniffed, annoyed. Grabbing hold of the back of the bench, she pulled herself to sitting. Her head swam with dizziness and dehydration, but she managed to stumble away from hospital grounds.
Edana knew the only thing she could do now was go back home. It had been nearly twenty-four hours since the skyrunners attacked the inn. The place was probably a wreck.
A faint blue glow flashed from the corner of Edana’s vision inside the dark alley, and in a blink it was gone. Curious, Edana froze, mid-stride. Her eyes adjusted slowly to the darkness. Footsteps were echoing from within the shadows.
She held her breath, listening, but the footsteps had stopped. Still, someone was there. Someone was coming, and Edana had a funny sensation.
She was dizzy from the fluttering of her pulse, and she felt slightly nauseous when an insane laugh echoed, followed by footsteps once again, growing closer.
Clenching her jaw, Edana tried to calm her shaking legs and faced the alley head-on. Her heart was galloping, waiting as the steps grew louder.
Maybe it was Zander, or maybe Ashton. Perhaps Jesse. Coming to help her.
She saw the shadow cross the floor before the boy stepped into the light.
It was Ragnar, and she knew he was smiling.
Edana gulped and solidified her knees, determined not to show her fear.
“Ah, little fox. And just how are you coping with your loss?”
A shudder ripped through her. “How the hell did you know about my aunt?”
His eyes flashed gold from behind the visor for a moment, practically glowing. There was nothing but hatred inside them—fiery and unrestrained. Edana shifted her body nervously.
A rough laugh burst out of him. “That’s some tough talk for someone so weak,” he crossed his arms and tilted his head. “Your aunt was weak, too. So much fear, so much pain. She was too easy.”
“Shut up! You are nothing!” Edana shouted, terror clutching at her heart. She knew she looked horrible, but she wasn’t about to let Ragnar tell her that. And she especially wasn’t going to let him get away with insulting her aunt. “You’re nothing but a puppet for the skyrunners! They’ve taken away everything that belonged to you and turned you into a monster, but even with all the strength, all the bloodlust—you remain the lowest of your peers, and you always will be.”
“Listen, I don’t want to fight,” There was a hint of amusement in Ragnar’s tone. “I simply need something of you.”
“Shut up! Just shut up!” Edana screamed before leaping forward at him, but Ragnar danced out of her reach and retaliated with a fist aimed at Edana’s jaw. Edana blocked, grasping Ragnar’s fist and using the momentum to spin Ragnar around and lock his elbow around Edana’s neck. Ragnar reached back, grasped Edana’s shoulder, and flipped her over his head.
Edana landed with a solid grunt, smacking the pavement.
She was up again in a blink.
Ragnar snorted and Edana sensed he didn’t believe she was a genuine opponent. Ragnar launched at Edana, knocking her onto her back. Edana’s head landed on the ground and she heard a sickening crunch as it collided with the hard cement.
Ragnar laughed and pressed a boot against her stomach, pinning her to the ground. He leaned forward, as though he were about to tell her a secret. “Dear, you are in no position to fight me. Now listen, okay? I have a job for you. Or should I summon my master so that you may share the same fate as your aunt?”
“Screw that,” Edana spat. “If you’re going to try to blackmail me into joining you or something, it’s not going to happen. I’ve already lost someone very important to me.”
Ragnar slapped her—hard—in the face. He snarled, “What you think you’re going though is nothing compared to what I have been through,” he lunged at her and gripped her throat tightly with both hands. “Now listen up, or I’ll have to disobey the master’s orders.”
Edana clawed at his forearms, but she was already too weak, and started gasping. “Then tell me before you kill me!”
Ragnar snickered and his hold was gentler, but still firm. “What if I told you that there was a way to save your aunt?”

Thirteen
Jesse threw the first punch. Ashton gasped, the movement almost too quick to follow, but he ducked easily and skirted out from Jesse’s shadow.
Jesse was impressively fast, but Ashton was faster. A series of blows were deflected, until Jesse’s fist finally connected with Ashton’s nose.
“Good one!” Zander shouted, a fist flying into the air. “Don’t get distracted! Keep it going, Jesse!”
Moving as if it were all choreographed, Ashton aimed a solid kick to Jesse’s chest. A loud thud shook the patio out front above Edana’s front yard as Jesse was knocked onto his back. He was only down for a moment before jumping back to his feet. Ashton inched away, waiting. Blood was dribbling from his nose, but he didn’t seem bothered by it. His white eye reflected the sun, a blinding flash.
Jesse attacked with renewed vigor. Ashton took a punch in the stomach and crumpled over with a grunt. It was followed by a blow that sent him careening to the edge of the patio. He stumbled to one knee, but was up on his feet before Jesse could come closer. He shook his head, flicking his wild white bangs off his face, and then crouched with his hands poised at his sides, staring at Jesse with a peculiar grin.
When Jesse came barrelling across the patio again, Ashton lunged to his side and aimed a kick square in Jesse’s back. Jesse collapsed to both knees. Zander booed. A roundhouse kick, this one at Jesse’s shoulder, sent him sprawling on his side.
Jesse made to get up, but Ashton aimed for his ribs, sending him back onto the patio. Ashton stepped back, allowing Jesse time to pull himself up by the fence and settle back into his fighting stance. There was a new glint in Ashton’s eye, like he was enjoying this.
A raging bull, Jesse charged again. Ashton blocked one punch with his forearm but took another in his side. Then his elbow shot out, catching Jesse in the jaw, and he stumbled backward. A heel in the chest nearly knocked him off his feet again.
Ashton was behind him in a breath, his face violently contorted, his hands on each side of Jesse’s head.
“And with a simple twist, I could have broken your neck,” Ashton patted Jesse on the back and stood. “But I’m not gonna kill you. Especially while you’re only training.”
Jesse huffed, getting into a sitting position and rolling up his pant leg to check his prosthetic. Everything looked fine. He blinked when Ashton held a hand out in front of him.
“Need a hand?”
With a scowl and a shake of his head, Jesse slapped Ashton’s hand out of the way and awkwardly got in position to stand up. “I don’t need your help.”
“Well,” Zander said, running a hand through his hair. “I’d say you did pretty good.”
“Yeah, with more practice, you’ll be fighting like it’s your second nature!” Ashton grinned brightly, oblivious to Jesse’s coldness.
“I looked like an idiot,” Jesse crossed his arms with a scowl.
“I can’t just let you win, dude,” Ashton made a yeah-right face, shoving his hands into his pockets. “No one out there is going to take it easy on you, prosthetic or not. You have to fight to win. Those skyrunners out there are spawned to destroy. They have no emotions but negativity itself.”
Jesse angrily looked away, frustrated with all this training. Jesse knew very well that he’d only started learning to fight just the day before. Maybe it was the fact that he’d lost to Ashton, of all people.
“Hey!” Zander suddenly shouted, making both Jesse and Ashton jump. Zander hurried to the edge of the patio and leaned over the rail. “Edana, you’re back!”
Ashton raced up to look over and see for himself, Jesse slowly making his way to join them.
Edana looked like a wreck, covered in grass and dirt stains with even a few bruises and scratches on her arms and legs, her hair a matted and tangled mess. Her running mascara made her look like a depressed raccoon. Edana only gave one cold glance up at them, then proceeded to the front doors.
Zander bit his lip, casting a quick glance at Ashton. “Something’s definitely wrong. It’s never good when she says nothing.”
He ran off ahead of the gang before Jesse could even feel his heart drop. With Edana’s aunt’s condition, it made Jesse feel terrible, and reminded him of his own grandmother, the fears of losing her, or even watching her get a heart attack like Lucy had only the night before. This whole thing was bothering him more than it should have, and Jesse hated it. Caring over some old lady he barely knew. But still, having to go through what Edana was going through, losing your last remaining family member… it was simply unfathomable. Jesse hadn’t realized before how blessed he was to still have his gran, though she was waiting for him back on Earth. And he knew she was still alive; he’d seen her holding his comatose body by the pool in his vision before waking up in the Otherworld. Ashton certainly must have killed that Skelter Skyrunner, and he assumed that he’d at least knocked Emberlee out long enough for his gran to escape.
After they figured out this mystery, what was happening to these old ladies, he was going to race home. He’d do it for his gran.
She was all he had left.
“Jesse!” Ashton shouted, interrupting his thoughts. “Come on already!”
Jesse nodded and followed Ashton with his awkward gait, but not soon after he made it to the doorway, Edana stomped past him and continued down the hall toward her aunt’s room.
Jesse was still frozen in the doorframe, watching Zander walk by and stop at the foot of the stairs. “Edana, come on,” he sounded out of breath. Jesse could imagine his heart was beating faster and faster with each passing moment. “Just tell me what happened.”
Edana stopped and spun around in front of Lucy’s closed door, hand resting on the handle. Her gaze was nothing but flame and burning negativity, though she wasn’t spawning any skyrunners. Jesse had to assume she was skyrunnered-out.
She was watching Ashton with a ferocious intensity. She thrust her finger in his direction. “You, come here. Just you. I need…a word.”
Ashton was looking at her in confusion, quickly glancing over at Zander as though silently questioning her motives just between him, but Zander nodded his head toward his girlfriend, as though telling him not to keep her waiting.
Edana twisted the knob and meant to swing the door open, but the knob ripped out of the door in her hand, and a long crack grew up in branches along the door. She growled something undecipherable to herself and opened the door with the hole that the missing knob had created, and slammed it behind her before Ashton had even arrived.
Before following her inside, Ashton quickly gave Jesse and Zander a panicked look, as though silently saying, wish me luck!
The bedroom was untouched, exactly as messy and torn up as it had been when Ashton had walked in the other day. Edana was on her knees beside the bed, tearing through a box of her aunt’s old pilot uniforms, still tightly clutching the leather jacket. She didn’t seem to notice Ashton come in.
“Well,” Ashton shoved his hands into his pockets, pacing the room casually after closing the bedroom door behind him. “It’s safe to say we officially need your expertise when it comes to battle training,” Ashton crept closer when she didn’t respond, tilting his head curiously. “What’re you doing?”
Edana was quiet and Ashton wondered if she’d heard him, until she muttered, “Nothing,” and closed the lid on the box. She stood and quickly collapsed onto her aunt’s bed, face nestled into her pillow, breathing in the scent of her aunt’s perfume.
Ashton came toward the bed, but stopped a foot away from the end of it. “I’d say we all did pretty good, fighting those skyrunners and helping your aunt the other day. You especially did a good job,” Ashton smiled at her, but she wasn’t looking. “Well…is everything all right?”
He heard Edana take a shaky breath and turn her head to the side so that her cheek was resting on the pillow, but still refused to look at him. “Everything’s… fine. Just peachy.”
Ashton nodded, wondering why she’d asked him in there if she wasn’t going to say anything. He was hoping she’d at least tell him about what had happened at the hospital with her aunt. When she still said nothing, Ashton nodded and turned to go. “Well, have a good night.”
“How is it that you never spawn skyrunners?” she asked quickly and suddenly.
Ashton froze, and immediately knew something much more had happened than just taking her aunt to the hospital. He turned around again, surprised to see that she was already sitting up in the bed, looking at him expectantly, anger burning in her eyes. Ashton ran a hand through his hair, calming his racing heart. Could she possibly know? “Who…who says that I don’t?”
Edana was silent, narrowing her eyes at him suspiciously. She kept her gaze steady on him. “I’ve never seen you. What makes you upset?”
“Well,” Ashton grinned, “spiders are pretty creepy. Big, hairy tarantula’s the size of your head. I found one in my bed once when my dad took me vacationing last summer. I almost crapped my pants when I saw it crawling around.”
Edana sighed pitifully, as though he were just embarrassing as she shook her head and looked away.
“Um…being by myself,” Ashton started slowly. Edana looked up at him again questioningly. “I’m afraid of ending up alone… What about you?”
Edana looked down sadly. “Those things out there, the things they’ll do. I just want my aunt back. She’d know what to do, what to say. If there was a way to help her, I’d give anything to make it a reality,” she glanced up at him again briefly, a knowing glint in her eye. “To make those skyrunners disappear for good…man. It’d be paradise.”
“I’ll help you.”
Edana crossed her arms, protecting her anger against the gentleness of Ashton’s voice. She scanned the chaos all around her, the mess that would take weeks to put right. She looked up in genuine surprise. After all Ragnar had told her about him, the things he wanted her to do to help him, Ashton had caught her off-guard by his reply. “What?”
“I meant, I’ll help you find the person who hurt your aunt.”
It took a pathetically long time for her thinking to change directions, from the internal rant against Ragnar, to the hefty meaning behind Ashton’s words. She blinked up at him and held her breath, imagining his words captured in a bubble that might blow away. “You will?”
His head jerked in what could have been a nod. “You know Tamika Bennett, right? Your aunt’s friend?”
Edana nodded stiffly.
“What happened to your aunt has also happened to her, but she’s survived the heart attack. We found out she’s located in the Water District. If we go over there and talk with her, we’ll get answers to who killed your aunt,” Ashton took a deep breath before giving her a determined smile. “And then, I can guarantee a cure to stop the skyrunners.”
The Water District. The word filled her up. A clue. A promise.
She glanced at the bedroom and its shattered door. Renewed hatred flared for the skyrunners, but it deflated quickly—there wasn’t time. Not now. Not when she had her first taste of hope in many endless hours.
“The Water District,” she murmured. “We can take the train from here tomorrow. The Skyrunners run the whole system, so we’ll have to be careful—the ride is, what, eight hours?” She hated the thought of being outside of her own home, to leave this place so suddenly, but even the obnoxiously slow train would be quicker than getting the house fixed. “But someone will have to look after the house while I’m gone…”
Ashton grinned at her. “All right, I’m beat. See you tomorrow. I’ll tell the guys that you’re all for it.”
Ashton was gone before Edana could say anything else, to protest. Ragnar had given her a job. He’d told her that Ashton was immune to spawning skyrunners, that he could be the cure and could save her aunt. She’d jumped at the offer. He wanted her to take them to the train and lead them away to the Shadow District, where he would kidnap Ashton. And her aunt would be saved. The whole Otherworld would be saved. That’s what he had promised her, but even now, as great as it sounded, she couldn’t trust him.
But Ashton was already willing to create the cure, and as a bonus, help her find the person who hurt her aunt. But she was still hesitant to agree to this train ride to the Water District, as Ragnar would be waiting.
Edana knew she had no choice, however. If they were careful, this could be a much better alternative to Ragnar’s original plan. Hopefully, they would even be able to miss Ragnar completely.
But maybe Edana was leading them to their death.
Maybe she was marching toward hers.

Fourteen
Despite the area’s tarnish, it was clear that the streets so close to the skyrunners’ Fire District base weren’t entirely abandoned. Why anyone would even want to come so close to Skyrunner territory was unimaginable, other than being able to travel to a different district. There was even a small hotel at the corner, and a thrift store displaying headless mannequins garbed in a rush of vibrant fabrics.
At an intersection, Edana paused and looked up at a large silver-plated building, busy with all kinds of people. She knew that her nervousness was probably showing all over her face. Her knuckles had even become white from squeezing her back pack so tightly. She kept glancing around, watching for a boy in a bikers helmet.
With a forced smile, she asked the boys following behind her, “Are you guys ready?”
They nodded, each carrying something, but Zander was carrying more bags and cases than any of them. Edana knew he was a paranoid guy, always packing much more than was necessary. He was holding at least three bags in each hand, along with an oversized back pack and a belt with several pouches, stuffed with supplies that they probably wouldn’t even use. And though he was sweating, Edana knew there would be plenty of time to relax on the train once they finally got going.
None of them had gotten much sleep, and had instead stayed up late planning for the trip, packing. Now was the only time they could go, otherwise they would surely be found by Ragnar. Found and killed.
Edana felt even more tired and sore than she had yesterday, but she pushed on ahead of the group. The train station was in her sight. And still no Ragnar.
They entered the spacious lobby, crowded and packed with people under bright lights, though it seemed there were more skyrunners than Others.
“I’ll go get the tickets,” Ashton offered, pulling out his wallet and adjusting his bag over his shoulder. “You guys just go find the train. I’ll meet you there.”
“Actually,” Zander paused to adjust his bags. “Why don’t we split up? That way, none of us have to be alone.”
Ashton shrugged carelessly. “Okay, if you want.”
“Cool. Edana and I will stick together and find the train. You and Jesse get the tickets, then come find us.” Zander gave a nod and turned back to Edana, still looking nervously around them. Zander guessed she was just nervous about the skyrunners.
Jesse rolled his eyes before following Ashton through the crowds to the ticket booth, while Zander turned back to Edana and gently placed his hand on her lower back, startling her, after placing the bags briefly on the ground.
“Relax, okay?” Zander laughed. “Everything is gonna be fine. We’ll get our information and find out what’s going on, and then we’ll go home and fix the house. You and I will be okay.”
Edana released a shuddering breath, trying hard to mask her fear. She hated looking weak. When Zander picked up his bags and started walking, Edana followed shortly behind him.
“Zander,” she began quietly, leaning in so only he could hear, “Ashton and Jesse are in danger. I think we should go back.”
“Danger?” Zander laughed, not bothering to look behind at her. “What sort of danger?”
“There’s a masked boy, Ragnar, who’s going to kill them,” Edana sounded incredibly fearful, and Zander knew that she was serious when she used that tone. She never used that tone.
“Edana, what are you talking about?” Zander muttered, walking slower, but still trying to look casual.
“He asked me to help him bring them here so that he could take them to the Shadow District and kill them, and make some sort of a cure out of Ashton that could save my aunt, and guarantee her life.”
“You met with Ragnar? That’s Ashton’s brother, right? When was this?” Zander asked angrily. “Edana, listen to me. No matter what that guy says, he can’t be trusted. We’re gonna have to go back and make sure he hasn’t already found them. Okay? Sheesh, why didn’t you mention this earlier?”
Edana didn’t reply, and Zander spun around to look at her. Only, when he did, Edana had disappeared.
Zander blinked in confusion, scanning the crowds bustling around him. It was entirely impossible to find anyone.
“Edana?!” He shouted. No response. If there was, it was drowned out in the surrounding noises of squeaking wheels and the chatter of the passengers racing around him, shoving and pushing him out of their way.
Zander’s breath caught in his throat. Edana wouldn’t have just disappeared so abruptly like that.
He had no choice but to drop his bags on a nearby bench, as he knew they were only going to drag him down, and pushed and shoved his way through the masses of people, shouting Edana’s name. Still no sign of her.
Zander’s heart was racing, panic rising higher and higher to drown him. It took every ounce of his strength to focus on being calm to keep from releasing a skyrunner right then and there.
“Hey, Zander.”
He whipped around to look for who had said his name, but it was impossible to tell in the masses of Others.
“I can take you to your girlfriend.”
When Zander felt a leather gloved-hand grasp his elbow and yank him back, he spun around and aimed a fist for whoever was behind him, but the masked boy blocked his attack by grabbing his fist in mid-air.
It was Ragnar, just like Edana had told him.
A cold, cruel laugh erupted out of Ragnar, shaking his whole body. “I’m afraid you know too much, Zander. We’re trying to keep this operation as low profile as we can. Sorry for the inconvenience.”
Zander clenched his teeth, raising his leg to kick Ragnar in his stomach, but he seemed to have seen it coming before spinning out of the way and kicking the back of Zander’s knee, and pushed him to his hands and knees.
“Good news, though,” Ragnar purred, his face right by Zander’s ear. “Now you get to join her.”
Ragnar jumped up and gave Zander a hard kick in the face, and everything around Zander turned black.

The sublevel of the Fire District Train Station was obnoxiously bright. Having purchased the tickets, Ashton and Jesse descended on the escalator to the station. Two skyrunners and a metal detector were waiting at the bottom, and one beeped the second Jesse’s feet touched the platform.
“Handgun detected, as well as something metal in your leg. Please stand by for clearance.”
“I have a permit for the gun,” Jesse said, holding out the papers that Zander had given him the night before while they had been packing their weapons. Zander always brought more than he should, but perhaps in this case, that was a good thing. “And,” he lifted his pant leg, “I’ve got a prosthetic leg.”
One skyrunner snatched the papers and scanned them over, while the other muttered something into its wrist where a communication device must have been embedded.
“Cleared,” the skyrunner handed the papers back to Jesse, and slowly slinked back to its post. “Thank you for riding the Fire District Train,”
Jesse brushed past the skyrunners, and found an empty bench just off the rails. Despite half a dozen cameras perched in corners near the ceiling, the walls were scribbled with years of elaborate graffiti and the ghost images of torn concert posters.
Ashton claimed the seat beside him, and within moments his frenetic energy had started up again. Though he’d left space in between them, Jesse found himself attuned to the fidgeting fingers and tapping feet. He was exhausted just from watching him.
Trying to ignore him, he dug out his phone from his pocket and checked his emails, but only junk had come in. Nothing from his gran. He scoffed, knowing there was no point in checking.
Three trains came and went. Light District. Air District. Forest District.
Jesse grew anxious, and didn’t realize that his own foot had started tapping to the same beat until Ashton placed his hand against his knee.
He froze, and Ashton instantly pulled away. “Sorry. It was just kinda’ getting annoying,” he whispered, gripping his hands together in his lap.
Jesse had no response and saw him let out a measured breath before Ashton stiffened and whipped his head toward the escalators.
Curiously, Jesse craned his neck to see what had startled him. A girl with auburn hair and deer antlers was passing through the detectors at the base of the escalator. Someone from the Forest District, perhaps? She was followed by a man in torn jeans and a sweater, with dark glasses and a scarf wrapped around his mouth. Then a woman re-applying her lipstick with one hand and checking her phone with the other.
“What is it?” he asked, but the words were drowned out by the blaring speakers, announcing the train to the Water District.
Ashton bounded to his feet. The track’s magnets started to hum and he went to join the other passengers rustling toward the platform’s edge. The unease had already vanished from his face, his tense shoulders relaxed.
Jesse hefted his backpack onto his shoulder and glanced back once more before joining him.
“Where’s Edana and Zander? They were supposed to meet us here,” Ashton frowned, looking over the heads of the crowds. “Are they in the wrong place?”
Jesse shrugged. “They’re probably just lost in the masses of civilians waiting to take a ride. Don’t worry, we’ll catch up with them on the train. I’m just anxious to get out of here. The Water District has got to have air-conditioning. I don’t think I’ve ever sweat this much in my whole life.”
“But I’ve got their tickets,” Ashton glanced at Jesse. “Aren’t you the least bit worried? They wont be able to get on the train now.”
“Well, it was Zander’s genius plan to stick me with you. We can’t wait around, or we’ll miss our ride. And then we’ll be stuck waiting around for another few lousy days until the train can come by again. Besides, I’ll bet the two of them are making out under a staircase somewhere, or something.”
The train’s bullet-nose glided past, a blur at first before coming to an easy stop. In one fluid movement, the cars lowered themselves onto the track with a clang and the doors to the train hissed open. Skyrunners climbed out from each car, their gravelly voices speaking in unison. “Welcome aboard the Fire District Train. Please extend your ticket for scanning. Welcome aboard the Fire District…”
A weight released from Jesse’s chest as the scanner passed over his ticket and he stepped onto the train. Finally, he was on his way. No more standing still. No more doing nothing.
He found an empty privacy room with seats and a TV screen on the wall. The whole place had the unpleasant smell of too much air freshener. “It’s going to be a long trip,” he said, depositing his bag on the seat.
Ashton was slower, double checking the faces of the other passengers before entering the privacy room with Jesse. He sighed in defeat. “Well, maybe they bought their own tickets or something.” There was something in his tone that led Jesse to believe that Ashton didn’t believe himself.
He set his bag down on the seat and crossed the room to the flat-screen TV. “We can watch this for a while,” Ashton said. “Do you have a favourite channel?”
Jesse crossed to the window, eyes glued to his phone again. “Not really,” he said flatly.
Ashton perched on the edge of the seat, able to make out a collection of fingerprint smudges. Awkwardly he answered, “Uh, yeah. Same. Who has time to watch it, right?”
Ashton tried to laugh, but when Jesse didn’t respond, he leaned back on his palms and pretended not to notice the sudden awkwardness.
An automated voice warned that the train doors were closing and he heard them whistle shut seconds later. The train rose off the tracks and slithered out of the station, plunging them into a darkness only broken by the corridor lights. It picked up speed, a bullet coasting down the tracks, and broke ground all at once, sunlight spilling through the windows.
If Zander and Edana hadn’t made it onto the train, it was too late now. Jesse couldn’t help but feel guilty, like something was wrong. But he also knew that there was nothing he could do about it. He had to trust that they had it under control, wherever they were.
Jesse tucked his phone back into his pocket, then rubbed his clammy palms on his pants. “I could use some lunch.”
He hesitated, not sure what he wanted his response to be when he asked, “Do you want to come to the dining car with me?”
Ashton’s gaze slipped past his shoulder, to the door, looking torn.
Jesse raised a brow. “We did miss breakfast, after all. You must be famished.”
Something flickered across Ashton’s face, something bordering on panic. “No, thank you,” he said quickly. “I’ll stay here.”
“No witty remark?” Jesse shrugged carelessly. “All right. I’ll be back soon.”
As he was shutting the door behind him, he saw Ashton push his hand roughly through his hair with a relieved sigh—like he’d narrowly avoided a trap.

Screams filled the dark hallway. From the corner of his bed, in the cell’s near blackness, Zander’s eyes snapped open at his new surroundings and he held his breath, listening. How long had he been asleep? Where was he? Where was Edana?
The lonesome cries were muffled and distant, somewhere out on the other floors of this place. But they must have been loud indeed to reach all the way to his dungeon.
Peeling himself off the bed, Zander crept toward the bars. A light filtered down the hallway from the stairs that led up to a closed door, but it was so faint he could barely make out the iron bars over his own door. He peered down the corridor. No movement. No sound.
He peered down the other direction. Only blackness.
He had the sinking sensation of being trapped all alone. Of being left to die in this underground prison.
Another scream echoed up, louder this time, though still stifled. Perhaps on the floor just above him.
Zander slicked his tongue over his lips. “Hello?” he started, tentatively. When there was no response—not even a distant scream—he tried again, louder. “Is anyone out there?”
He shut his eyes to listen. No footsteps.
“I need to use the bathroom.”
No voices.
“I’m hungry.”
No shuffling.
“I’m going to escape now.”
But there was absolutely nothing. He was alone.
He squeezed the bar, wondering if it was a trap. Perhaps Ragnar was luring him into a false security, testing him to see what he would do. Perhaps he wanted him to try to escape so he could use it against him.
He snarled. If it wasn’t for Ashton and Jesse, he wouldn’t be in this mess to begin with. If Edana had told him the truth and explained to him what was going on, he would have come up with another plan to get them out of the train station and on their way, rather than be led like a lamb to the feast.
The joints in his fingers started to burn from clenching the bars too tight.
Then, from the hollowness of the basement, he heard his name.
Weak and uncertain, posed as a delirious question. Zander?
Stomach clenching, Zander pushed his face into the bars, their coldness squeezing his cheekbones.
“Hello?”
He started to shake as he waited.
Zan … Zander?
“Edana?”
The voice went silent, as if speaking had drained it.
In his flooding happiness, Zander almost didn’t see the small gold key on the ground.
That was strange. Why would anyone leave him a key so he could escape, assuming it would allow him to escape?
He snatched it up and returned to the door desperate, pleading, hoping. If Ragnar had tricked him about this—
He reached through the bar and inserted the key into its hole with a twist.
The bars swung open without resistance, the rusted squeak of its hinges shattering the silence.
Zander lingered in the open doorway, his pulse racing. Again he found himself straining to hear any sound of Ragnar or the skyrunners, but the entire floor seemed completely abandoned.
He stumbled away from the stairwell, into the blackness of the hallway. His hands on the walls to either side were his only guides. When he came to another iron-barred door, he paused and leaned against the opening. “Edana?”
The cell was empty.
Three, four, five cells, all empty.
“Edana?” he whispered.
At the sixth door, a whimper. “Zander?”
“Edana!” He dropped the key in his excitement and immediately fell to the floor in search of it. “Edana, it’s all right, I’m here. I’m going to get you—” His fingers found the key and he whipped it up into the slot. A wash of relief covered him when it squeaked open, although a pained, terrified sound came from Edana upon hearing it.
Zander yanked the bars open and pushed into the cell, not bothering to stand in case he accidentally tripped over Edana in the darkness. The cell was rank with the stench of sweat, blood, and old, stale air. “Edana?”
He found her huddled on the gritty stone ground against the back wall. “Edana?”
“Zander? How—?”
“It’s me. I’m here. I’m going to get us out of here.” He grasped Edana’s arms, pulling her into an embrace.
Edana cried out, an awful, pitiable sound that cut through Zander’s ears. He gasped and laid her back down.
“Don’t,” Edana whimpered, her body sliding limply down to the ground. “Zander—you shouldn’t be here. You shouldn’t be here. I can’t stand you being here. Zander…” She started crying, choking, wet sobs burbling up from her.
Zander hovered over Edana’s body, fear gripping every muscle. He couldn’t remember hearing her cry before. “What did Ragnar do to you?” he whispered, drawing his hands over Edana’s shoulders. Beneath her torn shirt, there were the lumps of bruises and fresh wounds, damp and sticky to Zander’s touch.
Biting back his own tears, he traced Edana’s chest and ribs. The wounds were everywhere. He stroked the girl’s arms and hands.
“No, don’t touch me.” Edana tried to pull away, but her limbs only twitched uncontrollably.
As tenderly as he could, Zander ran his thumb over Edana’s hands. Anger boiled within him. “What did he do to you?”
“Zander, you have to get out of here.” Each word was a struggle until she could barely talk, barely breathe.
Zander knelt over her. “It’s going to be all right. I’m going to get you out of here and we’re going to go to the hospital and you’re going to be fine. You’re going to be fine.” He forced himself to sit up. “Can you walk? Has he done anything to your legs?”
“I can’t walk. My legs and arms hurt so bad. He broke me. You have to leave me here, Zander. You have to get out.”
Zander shook his head. “I’m not leaving you. No one is here, Edana. We have time. We just need to figure out a way—I can carry you.”
“Come here, honey. Come closer.” Zander swiped at his nose and sat next to her. Her arms weakly moved to encircle him. “I need you to do something for me. Something important.”
He shook his head. “Stop it. You’re going to be all right.”
“Listen to me, Zander.” Even Edana’s faint voice seemed to drop. “Ashton is the cure.”
Zander squeezed his eyes shut. “Stop talking, please. Save your strength.”
“Ashton had something inside him all along that can be used to create a cure. A cure to stop the skyrunners for good. And Jesse… she’s going to come for him and his family, just like she did to me and mine. You have to make sure that doesn’t happen.”
A sad, frustrated sigh. “I know that, but it doesn’t matter right now. It’s not our problem anymore. I’m going to get you out of here, and I’ll keep you safe.”
“No, darling, you must find them. You must help them.”
Zander blinked, wishing he could see his girlfriend in the blackness. “Edana, please stop talking. I don’t care about those guys. I care about you. I’m going to protect you.”
“I can’t go with you.” Her hands rubbed against Zander’s arms. “Please, Zander. Jesse and Ashton could make all the difference.”
Zander shrank down and murmured, “It doesn’t matter. It’s not our problem. I’m going to get you out of here. We’re going to get away.”
His mind desperately searched for a way they could escape together. Something to use as a stretcher or a wheelchair or—
But there was nothing.
Nothing that could make it up the stairs. Nothing he could carry. Nothing Edana could endure in her current state.
His heart broke, the pain of it pushing a wail out of his throat.
He couldn’t leave her like this. He couldn’t let anything hurt her anymore.
“Zander.”
He clamped his eyes shut, pushing out two hot tears. “Edana —”
Edana brushed a light kiss against Zander’s forehead. “You’re a good man, Zander. I love you. I hope we’ll meet again someday. Tell everyone good-bye for me.”
A sob cut through Zander’s heart. “I love you, Edana. You’re everything to me.”
Edana stroked his knees. “You’re amazing, Zander.”
She sniffed, and Zander vowed to himself that he would stay until morning. He would stay forever. He wouldn’t abandon her. If their captor came back, he would find them together—kill them together if he must.
He would never leave her again.
The vow was made, the promise determined, when he heard footsteps echoing down the corridor.

Fifteen
The train’s corridor was buzzing with activity. Making his way to the dining car, Jesse passed waiters delivering boxed lunches, a woman in a stiff business suit talking sternly on her phone, a waddling toddler curiously opening every door he passed.
Jesse dodged them all, through half a dozen identical cars, past the myriad passengers who were on their way to normal jobs, normal vacations, normal shopping trips, perhaps even going back to normal homes. His emotions gradually started to fall away from him—the fluctuating terror over his grandmother and what could be happening to her now, where Zander and Edana could be, while the train careened too slowly through the district, tempered only by the knowledge that at least he was on his way. At least he was getting closer to solving this mystery. Then, he’d be on his way back home to her.
His mind still spinning like a kaleidoscope, he was glad to find the dining car relatively empty. A bored-looking bartender stood inside a circular bar, watching a television talk show that Jesse had never heard of. A man and a woman were drinking champagne at a small table. A young girl was sitting with her legs up in a booth, tapping furiously on her phone. Four skyrunners loitered beside the wall, watching the scene.
Jesse sat down at the bar, taking out his phone again.
“What will you have?” asked the bartender, still focused on the interview between the host and a washed-up celebrity.
“Caesar Salad. Oh, and a Coke.”
He settled his chin on his palm as the bartender punched his order into the dispenser. Raising his phone to his face, he typed;
GHOST WITCH
A listing of thriller films and heavy metal songs spilled down the page, but nothing matched what he was searching for.
MURDEROUS WITCHES PARADING SOCIETY
Zero hits.
GHOSTS
He knew as soon as he’d entered it that the term was far too broad. He quickly amended it to KILLER GHOST WITCHES.
Nothing useful.
GHOST-WITCH GANG. GHOST-WITCH VIGILANTES. SADISTIC OLD BAG MURDERING WITCHES.
Nothing. Nothing. Nothing.
Frustrated, he set his phone on the countertop and ran his hand through his hair. His lunch had appeared in front of him without his notice and he brought the Coke can to his mouth to take a gulp.
Surely if this witch had been around long enough to kill a bunch of people, there must be some record of them. Murders, general mayhem against society, sightings. He strained to think of another search term, wishing they could have been able to question Edana’s aunt.
“That’s quite the specific search.”
He swiveled his head toward the girl seated two stools away, who he hadn’t heard sit down. She was giving him a teasing, round-eyed smile that hinted at a dimple in one cheek. Deer antlers poked out of her head, strands of her straight auburn hair tangling around them, hair tied in a ponytail. Her body was tight and fit. She struck him as vaguely familiar, which startled him until he realized he’d only seen her an hour ago on the station’s platform, descending the escalators. Yet, something about her face seemed recognizable.
“I’m looking for something very specific,” he said, giving her a suspicious look.
“I should say. ‘Sadistic Old-Bag-Murdering Witches’—I can’t even begin to imagine what that involves.”
The bartender frowned at them. “What’ll you have?”
The stranger swiveled her gaze. “Cheese burger. Oh, and chocolate milk. Please.”
Jesse tried to prevent his grin from showing on his face as the bartender, unimpressed, took down an empty glass. “That wouldn’t have been my first guess.”
“Oh, really? You’re hilarious. What would you have guessed?”
He scrutinized her. She looked younger than he was and, though not classically pretty, with that much confidence she undoubtedly never had much trouble with boys, despite the deer antlers. He assumed they were part of another weird Other type of characteristic. Her voice was deeper than he’d expected. She was short and almost bony-looking, leanly muscle-toned, her face round and rosy-cheeked, dusted with freckles. There was a keenness in the way she carried herself, a certainty that bordered on arrogance. “Juice box,” he said with a smirk. “It was always my favourite when I was nine.”
“Cute. And I’m sixteen as of yesterday, by the way.” The dimple deepened as a tall glass of frothing chocolate milk was set in front of her.
Jesse clicked off his phone and picked up his coke to take a sip. He usually loved coke, but the taste seemed suddenly too bitter, kind of warm, and pretty flat, like they had forgotten to put it in the fridge. “That actually looks pretty good.”
“Surprisingly high in protein,” she said, taking a drink.
Jesse took another sip from his can and found that his taste buds disapproved. The girl smirked at the sour face he made. “You want one?” she said.
“Sure, if you wouldn’t mind,” Jesse pushed the pepsi away and ate his salad while the girl beckoned the bartender for another glass.
“You know, if you were a gentleman, you would offer to pay.”
Jesse smirked. Seriously? “If you were a lady, you would’ve waited for me to make the offer.”
The girl giggled. “I’m Elain, by the way.”
“Jesse.”
“Like, the cowgirl?” She laughed in amusement.
“Oh, wow, I’ve never heard that one before.” Jesse rolled his eyes, his sarcasm amusing her.
The bartender set Elain’s burger and a second glass of chocolate milk on the tabletop, then turned away and increased the volume on the screen.
“And where are you traveling to, Jesse?”
“The Water District.” He took a long drink. The thick sweetness was a treat, as he hardly ever had it. “I’m visiting someone.”
“That so? I’m heading to the Water District, too.”
Jesse nodded vaguely, suddenly wanting the conversation to be over. Sipping at the thick beverage, it occurred to him that he was probably sending her the wrong message. He wasn’t interested in this girl, had no curiosity about why she was going to the Water District or if he would ever see her again after this moment. He had only needed to prove that he could garner her interest, and now he was annoyed that he’d captured it so easily. The realization turned his stomach and made him want to shove the chocolate milk away.
“Are you traveling alone?”
He tilted his head toward her. “No. In fact, I should be getting back to them.” He emphasized them more than was necessary, but she didn’t flinch.
“Of course,” she said.
They finished their meals at the same time and Jesse took out his wallet to search for some cash before Elain could object, attempting to pay for his own, until he found that he was completely empty.
Elain giggled and Jesse looked up at her. She was smiling flirtatiously at him. “Something wrong?”
Lowering his eyes at the sight of green poking out from the back pocket of her jeans, Jesse realized that she had managed to steal all his cash without him even noticing. He glowered and snatched it back, ignoring her laughter at him practically touching her butt.
“How did you do that?” Jesse asked, more angry than amused.
She only shrugged casually, even though her dimple deepened with her smile.
“Well,” Jesse glowered and he forced out a “Nice meeting you, Elain.”
She propped her elbow on the counter, and he noticed a barcode tattoo imprinted on her forearm, with the code ‘RPDV419’. It was fairly similar to his Other’s tattoo, as well as the tattoo he’d seen on Ashton in the coffee shop a couple days ago. He ignored it for now.
Twisting her stool toward him, she said, “Perhaps our paths will cross again. In the WD.”
Hair prickled on his neck as he settled his chin onto his palm. “Perhaps,” he said, his tone suffused with politeness, disgusting him.
The instinctual alarm hung with him for two whole cars as he made his way back through the train, a warning buzzing in the air. He tried to shake it off. This was his own nerves playing tricks on him, paranoia finally catching up to him after what had happened. It was amazing he could carry on a conversation at all with the panic that was residing just beneath the surface of his skin.
She’d been polite. She’d been a thief. Maybe deer-antlers were a growing trend in the Otherworld.
Just as he’d determined that nothing about Elain had been deserving of the sudden, ardent distrust, he remembered.
He had seen her on the platform in the train station, stepping off the escalator when Ashton had become so on edge. When it seemed like Ashton had heard something, or recognized someone.
A coincidence?
The speaker overhead crackled. Jesse barely heard it over the noise of the corridor, until the repeated words gradually silenced the chatter around him. “—experiencing a temporary delay. All passengers are to return to their private quarters immediately and stay clear of the corridors until further notice is given. This is not a test. We are experiencing a temporary delay…”

Hunkering down over Edana, Zander turned toward the hallway. Old wires hummed overhead and pale light flooded the cell. The door still stood open, the bars casting skeletal shadows along the floor.
His eyes adjusted slowly. He held his breath, listening, but the footsteps had stopped. Still, someone was there. Someone was coming.
His girlfriend’s hand slipped into his and she turned back. His gut clamped. Streaks of dried blood were on her tired face, her hair was tangled and matted. She looked like she had been used for a human punching bag. Bruises and fresh scabs covered her body, and her legs were bent all wrong. Her green eyes were still strong, still vibrant. Still filled with more love than was kept in all the rest of the world.
“Run,” she whispered.
Zander shook his head. “I’m not leaving you.”
“This is not your fight. Run, Zander. Now.”
Footsteps again, growing closer.
Clenching his jaw, Zander pulled himself onto shaking legs and faced the door. His heart was galloping, waiting as the steps grew louder.
He saw the shadow cross the floor before the young man stepped into the cell.
It was Ragnar.
Zander gulped and solidified his knees, determined not to show his fear. But Ragnar’s stance showed he was ready to fight, to torture, and do so ruthlessly. Zander could see glowing yellow eyes through his dark visor, peering at Edana like she was a treat, one he’d been looking forward to for a long time.
A shudder tore through him.
“Leave Zander alone.” Edana’s raspy voice had gained an ounce of strength. She stirred, trying to sit up.
Zander dropped beside her, squeezed his girlfriend’s hand. “Edana, no. Don’t.”
“You jerk,” Edana glared at Ragnar. “You’re with the ones working for the witch, who came for me and my aunt.”
“Edana—”
Ragnar chuckled.
“Don’t worry about him, Zander,” said Edana. “He’s only still training. Still trying to prove himself to the witch. He’s too weak to join the other higher ranking Skychasers and get real missions.”
Ragnar snarled, clenching his fists, and Zander shifted so that his body better covered Edana.
“I’m here with you losers,” he growled, “because the witch hates your group most of all. Besides, I have unfinished business here.” There was nothing but hatred inside him—fiery and unrestrained.
“You are nothing,” Edana spat, her lashes dipping from exhaustion. Terror clutched at Zander’s heart. “Nothing but a puppet, like I said before. You’ll never change, you’ll never be better. If you continue on this road you’re on, then you’ll only get lower and lower. You’ll remain the lowest of your peers.”
Zander’s mind whirred. Wanting the conversation to end, wanting Edana to stop provoking him—knowing it made no difference. Murder remained on Ragnar’s whole look.
An insane laugh burst out of him. His hands gripped the doorjamb to either side, entirely blocking the exit. “I’m afraid you’re wrong, ginger. You must not realize what I get after I’ve killed you both.” He didn’t wait for a response. “I get to join the higher ranks, and I’ll get respect. It’s cliche, but true—it’s better to be feared than loved.”
“You’re so stupid.” Edana coughed. “You’re weak. You’ll never be more than what you are—an idiot.”
Zander hissed. He could see the fury building inside Ragnar, feel the anger rolling off him. “Edana!”
Then it became obvious, what Edana was trying to do.
“No! She doesn’t mean it.” He despised himself for pleading, but couldn’t care. “She’s delirious! Just leave her—”
Fuming into the cell, Ragnar snatched Zander up by his hair and pried him away from Edana.
He shouted, grabbing for his forearm, but Ragnar tossed him effortlessly back into the corner. “No!”
Edana screamed in pain as Ragnar lifted her by the throat. In a blink she was pinned against the wall, too weak to flail, to fight, to put up any resistance.
“LEAVE HER ALONE!” Zander scrambled up and jumped onto Ragnar’s back, locking his elbows around Ragnar’s neck, squeezing with all his might. When Ragnar didn’t even flinch, he grabbed his gun and aimed for his temple.
Ragnar dropped Edana into a heap, then flung Zander off his back. He collapsed against the wall, but he barely felt the impact, his attention falling on his girlfriend’s limp form.
“Edana!”
Their gazes met and he could see, in an instant, that Edana would not be moving again.
Her dry lips managed to stammer, “Ru…” But nothing followed. Her eyes lingered open, eerily empty.
Zander shoved himself off the wall, but Ragnar was there first, his built form crouching over Edana’s limp body, scooping one hand beneath her back so that her head fell heavily onto the hard floor. Like a starved animal having brought down his first kill, Ragnar leaned over and snapped Edana’s neck.
Zander screamed and fell backward. The world spun.
Still in shock, he forced his face away and rolled onto his side. He tasted iron and acid and blood and realized he’d bitten his tongue when Ragnar had thrown him at the wall, but there was no pain. Only hollowness, horror, and a dark cloud creeping over him.
He was not here. This was not happening.
Zander crawled toward the far wall, putting as much distance between him and Ragnar as he could. Ragnar and his girlfriend.
His hand fell into the streak of light from the hallway. He was trembling.
Run.
Lifting his head, he could see the start of a stairwell at the end of the hallway. Beside it, a painted sign long since faded SUPPLY ROOM.
Run.
His brain struggled to find the meaning of the words. SUPPLY ROOM. Supply room. Supply room.
Edana’s very last word.
Run!
Reaching forward, he wrapped his fingers around the bars of the cell and used them as leverage. Straining to pull himself up. To stand. To push forward, into the hallway, into the light.
His legs felt nonexistent at first as he hobbled to the bottom of the stairs, but as he climbed, he found strength in them. He pushed forward. He ran.
A closed door loomed at the top of the stairs. It creaked when he shoved it open.
Then footsteps below, coming for him.
Zander emerged into the dark room. Old pillars stood clustered together to his right and a maze of pipes filled the shadows on the wall to his left. The door slammed behind him and he ran to the left, grabbing a loose steel pipe from the wall.
He lifted it in both hands and waited, feet braced.
Ragnar burst through the door, covered in blood.
Zander swung as hard as he could. A roar was wrenched out of him as the iron bar collided with Ragnar’s helmet. He cried out and stumbled back into the door.
Zander thrust the pipe at him, not sure he had the strength to heft it again. He heard fabric ripping, but he was already gone, dodging between supplies and boxes, scanning the creaking wooden floorboards as he lunged over coiled dusty power cords. He stumbled through the mess, and half jumped, half fell into a large desk. Ignoring a jolt of pain that burned across his side, he shoved the desk aside and bolted through another door.
Footsteps thumped across the space behind him. Inhumanly fast.
The walls flashed by and all he could see was the door leading to the exit looming ahead.
Zander darted through the rusted metal arches, past the old supplies and broken tile floors. He flew down the marble stairs, focusing on the door that would lead to the outdoors. If only he could get out of there. Into public. Into the real world.
But the last thing Zander ever heard was Ragnar’s savage scream and the sickening crack as the pipe smashed into Zander’s skull.

Sixteen
Jesse shut the door behind him, relieved that Ashton was still there. Pacing. He spun toward him.
“I just heard the announcement,” Jesse said. “Do you know what’s going on?”
“No. I wondered if you might.”
Jesse reached into his pocket. “Some sort of delay. It seems odd to clear the corridors, though.”
He didn’t respond. His scowl became annoyed, almost angry. “Who did you talk to out there?”
Frowning, Jesse clenched his fists. “Why?” he snapped, annoyed as much with his accusation as with the unexpected sting of guilt it caused. “Is it any of your business?”
His jaw tensed. “No, that’s not what I—” He paused, eyes flickering past him.
A knock startled Jesse away from the door. He turned and yanked it open.
A skyrunner slinked into the room, tools and gadgets attached to its glowing blue limbs. “We are performing an identity check for the safety of all passengers. Please show your ticket for scanning.”
Jesse took out his ticket and held it out. He didn’t think to question the order until a red light passed over it, beeped, and the skyrunner turned to Ashton.
“What’s going on?” Jesse asked. “We scanned our tickets when we boarded.”
Another beep. “You are not to leave this room until further instructions are given.”
“That wasn’t an answer,” said Jesse stubbornly.
A panel opened in the skyrunner’s other gadget, this one fitted with a slender syringe. “I must now conduct a mandatory blood check. Please extend your right arm.”
Jesse gawked down at the gleaming needle. “You’re running blood tests? That’s ridiculous. We’re just going to the Water District.”
“We are testing for levels of fiendorphins. Please extend your right arm,” the skyrunner repeated, “or I will be forced to report you for failure to comply with safety regulations. Your tickets will be considered invalid and you will be escorted off the train at the next station.”
Jesse bristled and glanced at Ashton, but he had eyes only for the syringe. For a moment Jesse thought he was going to throw up at the sight of it, or at least faint.
A fear of needles? Jesse squinted at him, knowing it couldn’t have hurt any more than getting his ear pierced.
But Jesse wasn’t a real Other. He was a real-self, in his other’s body. He couldn’t spawn skyrunners, so obviously his fiendorphin levels or whatever would be very low, to nonexistent.
“What exactly are you looking for?” Jesse asked the beast curiously.
The skyrunner showed no signs of having heard him. It came toward Ashton, who looked completely white with fear. Ashton avoided Jesse’s gaze as he reluctantly stretched out his arm. Before the needle could puncture his skin, a powerful blast of white energy erupted from Ashton’s palms, splitting and crunching through the skyrunner’s core.
Jesse’s eyes were huge in his head when the skyrunner staggered back. Ashton leapt onto it and started stomping the lights out of the creature’s head. Frequently and repeatedly, Ashton’s foot landed on the insect skull with a spine-tingling crunch.
In no time it was dust, but Ashton was still fearfully stomping at it. Jesse had no choice but to push him off of the ashes.
“Ashton, what are you doing?” Jesse demanded, his hands grasping Ashton’s shoulders. “You…you can do magic?”
Ashton was breathing heavily, his white eye eerily empty as it focused on Jesse, his gold eye bouncing from the skyrunner ashes to the open door and back again. He shook out of Jesse’s grasp and kicked the door closed with his foot, still breathing heavily as though his heart was pounding too quickly for him to calm down.
“Sorry,” Ashton took a deep breath after a long moment. “I just couldn’t. Not again.”
Jesse sighed, sitting down on the seat and resting his chin in his palms, closing his eyes to think. “What was that all about? The skyrunner barging in was weird enough, but why did you go all savage on it? I know we don’t like those things, I understand, but are you really that scared of needles? And would you please explain the whole magic thing you just did?”
Turning, he found Ashton already at the window, looking outside—his steps had been soundless. “We’re slowing down.”
It was a silent, agonizing moment before Jesse felt it too.
Through the window, he could see a long stretch of golden sand, too bright in the midday sun. There were no roads, no buildings. Mountains and pillars loomed in the distance. They weren’t stopping at a station.
He opened his mouth, but Ashton’s expression stopped his question before it could form. “Do you hear that?”
Jesse closed his eyes to concentrate on listening. The hum of the tracks. The whistle of air passing through an open window in the next cabin. The rattle of luggage.
Wailing. So distant it sounded like a fading nightmare.
Cold goose bumps grazed his arms. “What’s going on out there?”
The wall speaker clattered. “Passengers, this is your conductor speaking. There has been an emergency aboard the train. We will be experiencing a delay while we wait for authorities. We ask that all passengers remain in their private quarters and comply with any requests from the staff skyrunners. Thank you for your patience.”
The speaker fell silent, leaving Jesse and Ashton staring at each other.
Jesse’s throat constricted.
A blood test. Crying. A delay.
“An Other became a skyrunner.”
Jesse said nothing in reply.
“Oh, you know about that,” Ashton rolled his eyes at Jesse’s blank expression. “It’s rarer than spawning a skyrunner, but sometimes when the negativity gets too great, the Other will become a skyrunner.”
“And how does this affect us?”
“Negativity affects everyone in some form or another, Jesse,” Ashton explained. “Just being around a negative person could drag you down. Now they’re gonna put the whole train on lockdown,” he said, beginning to pace. “We’ll all be confined.”
Out in the hall, doors were slamming, neighbours yelling questions and speculations at each other, ignoring the conductor’s request to stay in their own rooms.
Jesse heard the rushed words: skyrunner, posed as a question, a fear.
“No.” He spat the word like a bullet. “They can’t keep us here!”
Someone down the hall pounded erratically on a door. The distant wailing grew louder.
“Get your things,” said Ashton.
He and Ashton moved at the same time. He swung his pack around his shoulder while Ashton crossed to the window and flung it open. The ground raced beneath them. Beyond the tracks, the endless desert stretched out, dissolving into the sun.
Jesse took a deep breath, heart pounding. “Are we jumping?”
“Yes. But they might be expecting it, so we have to do it before the train slows too much. They’re probably prepping enforcement skyrunners right now to round up runaways.”
Jesse nodded. Ashton thrust his head out the window, looking both ways down the length of the train. “Now’s our best chance.”
Jesse peered down at the ground fleeing beneath them, dizzied by a moment of vertigo. It was impossible to focus on any one spot as the speckled sun flashed against the sand. “Well. This seems dangerous.”
“We’ll be fine.”
Jesse peered over at him, for a moment expecting to meet that crazy child again, but his expression was clinical and stone-cold. Ashton was focused hard on the landscape that whizzed by them. “They’re braking,” he said. “We’ll start slowing down faster now.” Again, it was a few seconds before Jesse sensed it too, the subtle shift of speed, the way they were decelerating fast, no longer just coasting to a steady stop.
Ashton inclined his head. “Climb onto my back.”
“No way. I can jump myself.”
“Jesse.”
He met his eyes. His youthful curiosity from before was gone, replaced with a sternness he hadn’t expected.
“What? It’ll be just like jumping off the porch and into a pile of leaves. I’ve done that a hundred times.”
“Leaves? Honestly, Jesse, it’ll be nothing like that.”
Before he could argue, before he could cement his defiance, Ashton grabbed him and swung him onto his back, overtop his pack. He gasped and had just enough time to open his mouth, ready to demand he put him down, before Ashton was on the windowsill, the wind whipping Jesse’s hair against his face.
He jumped. Jesse yelped and grabbed on to him, his stomach somersaulting, and he shut his eyes, waiting for the impact, the shock of landing.
Only, he didn’t feel it.
Jesse was as light as air, as though he were lying on a cloud, just hovering. He dug his fingers into Ashton’s shoulders, his trembling limbs relaxing.
“Jesse!” Ashton was laughing, and Jesse could tell he was smiling, even though he couldn’t see his face. “Oh, come on. Don’t tell me you’re afraid of heights!”
Slowly, Jesse cracked open an eye to look around. He almost screamed again when he saw how high they were, almost ten feet above the top of the train.
“Dude, since when can you fly?!” Jesse shouted, grabbing on tighter.
Ashton’s arms were held out, his hair flying into Jesse’s face. “Man, you really don’t know anything, do you? And I can’t fly, I can only glide. I jump up into the air and can manipulate the momentum to allow me to glide, but I only go lower. Sometimes when it’s really windy I can go upwards.”
“Can we please just land?” Jesse demanded. “Now.”
“Aw, but it’s so much fun!”
“Now!”
Ashton laughed and aimed his body downward, and they sank toward the ground faster. Soon he hovered in a clearing not too far from the tracks.
“All right?” he asked.
“Just like”—he caught his breath—“a pile of leaves.”
A laugh rang through Ashton’s chest, into him, and before he was ready Ashton settled his feet onto the sand. Jesse scrambled off his back, caught his balance, then punched him squarely in the arm. “Never do that again.”
Ashton looked almost pleased with himself, before he tilted his head toward the tracks. “We should get going, in case someone saw us.”
“How did you do that?” Jesse demanded. “You’ve never mentioned anything about doing magic before. Where did you learn it?”
“Oh, you know,” Ashton shrugged. “There’s this wizard-guru who lives in the back alley of LA. Teaching dudes to glide and shoot lasers out of their hands for centuries. I’m pretty sure it’s not legal.”
In other words, Ashton wasn’t going to give him a real answer.
Jesse listened to the train zipping by, his pulse heavy and erratic, and followed Ashton on their long walk through the sandy desert.
They hadn’t gone a dozen steps when the thrumming of the train disappeared, fading away down the tracks.
Jesse dug his hands into his pockets to get his phone, but froze in his steps with dread when he found his pockets were empty.
Ashton stopped walking as well when he could no longer hear Jesse’s footsteps following behind him. He turned half way to look at him with a raised brow. “What is it?”
“My phone,” Jesse could feel panic rising within him as he double-checked all his pockets. “It’s gone.”
All his pockets were empty, save for his wallet, which he noticed was now missing a twenty dollar bill.
Elain.
She’d taken his phone. And a pack of gum that he hadn’t finished, along with twenty bucks, meaning she hadn’t returned all of his money.
Fury boiled inside him as he desperately got to his knees while at the same time swinging off his bag to desperately search inside, pleading and hoping he was wrong and had simply misplaced them.
“Oh, calm down.” Ashton rolled his eyes. “If you’ve lost your phone, then maybe that’s a good thing. You need a break from technology, buddy. Being on it twenty-four-seven could melt your eyes.” Jokingly, he added, “I have experience.”
“Shut up. You don’t get it.” Jesse said angrily, rising to his feet. Even the pack was pretty much empty.
“No, I guess I don’t,” Ashton crossed his arms. “I’ve never had a cell phone. What do you do on it, anyway? It always looks like you’re just staring at it. Favourite soap-opera, perhaps? Of course, you don’t watch TV, apparently. Maybe you prefer reading.”
“Hey, what I do on my phone is none of your business!” Jesse snapped. “It cost me a lot of money to buy, and I have important stuff on there. And now some girl with deer antlers took it right under my nose. So excuse me if I’m a little pissed off.”
Ashton raised his hands defensively. “I’m just saying it wouldn’t hurt to let each other in. We’re kinda’ stuck in the desert, in case you forgot. We have to trust each other.”
“It’s bad enough I’m stuck with you. I don’t need you asking me to tell you my life story. You wanna hear it? My life sucks. End of story.”
Ashton clenched his jaw and released a breath through his nose. Without another word he spun around and started walking away from him. “Fine. Good luck getting around without my help. If you don’t like me as much as you say, then just leave already. Really, I never asked you to tag along. If it wasn’t for you and your constant bitching, I probably would have been at the Shadow Realm by now.”
“Then where are you going, if you’re such a great navigator?” Jesse crossed his arms, glaring at the back of Ashton’s head as he continued to walk away.
“I’m staying on the tracks. Another train will be by eventually.”
“And they’ll give us a lift?”
“Sure.”
When Jesse reluctantly started walking again toward Ashton, he was sure he caught a glint of mischief in Ashton’s eye as he glanced back over his shoulder at him.

Seventeen
The sound of the train careening away had gone silent, replaced with the sounds of their own footsteps in the sand and the whistle of the wind.
Time seemed to stretch on for eternities, although Jesse’s watch indicated that thirty minutes had barley passed. They were approaching a grove of palm trees, the shade looking very much desirable in the heat.
When they came across the stopped train, Jesse first noticed sounds that didn’t belong to the desert—the crunching of giant insect legs on sand and rocks as heaps of skyrunners encircled the train.
Ashton abandoned the tracks, pushing through palm bushes and into the security of the palm trees, all packed together, covering a decently large area. Jesse climbed over the fallen logs and rocks after Ashton.
Jesse occasionally checked over his shoulder at the train, the occasional passenger casting a shadow against the windows. Jesse couldn’t imagine being among them.
Surely everyone knew what the “emergency” was by now. How long would it take to test every passenger for high levels of fiendorphins and determine who could be let go? How long could they keep people quarantined?
Or would they let them go at all?
To prevent escapees, a small army of skyrunners patrolled around the train, their yellow sensors shuffling over the windows and doors, occasionally darting toward the forest. Jesse hoped they couldn’t see them, so deep within the palm trees.
“They’ll have noticed we’re missing,” Ashton whispered.
The nearest Skyrunner spun toward them and Jesse ducked behind a boulder, worried that even his hair could draw attention.
When the skyrunner stalked away again, Ashton moved forward, holding back a tree branch for Jesse to pass beneath.
They moved at a tractor’s pace, crouched low to keep out of sight. They stopped only once, when a streak of blue light danced on the trunks over their heads. Jesse followed Ashton’s lead and pressed himself nearly to the ground, listening to the pounding of his heart, the rush of adrenaline in his ears.
They watched the skyrunner’s light scan back and forth, darting into the forest canopy. He risked the slightest tilt of his head until he could see Ashton beside him, immobile, every muscle taut—except the fingers of his other hand, which were tapping, tapping, tapping against a rock, expelling the nervous energy that had nowhere else to go.
He watched the fingers, half mesmerized, and didn’t realize that the light had flickered away until Ashton got up.
They prowled on.
Soon the train was behind them, the noise of lost civilization fading in the chatter of crickets and birds. When Ashton seemed satisfied they weren’t being followed, he led the way out of the palm tree forest and back down to the tracks.
Despite the growing distance between them and the train, neither spoke.
Just as the sun was kissing the horizon, almost blindingly bright, Ashton stopped and turned back. Jesse halted a few steps ahead of him and followed his gaze, but he saw nothing but the palm tree forest behind them and the sand that stretched onward to no end.
It wasn’t until he started walking again that Jesse released a captured breath. They’d been walking for hours without sign of another train, a cross-section of tracks, or civilization. His feet and back were sore, his tongue as dry as sandpaper, despite the sheen of sweat on his face, and his stomach was growling for dinner. He couldn’t imagine how Ashton was feeling.
“Whatever trains were scheduled to come through on these tracks won’t be making it through any time soon,” Ashton said suddenly.
“But when a train does eventually come,” Jesse said, “how do you plan on getting us onto it?”
“Same way we got off the last one.” He sent a sly grin toward him. “Like jumping off a porch, was it?”
He glared. “The comparison doesn’t work as well for jumping back onto a train.”
His response was a teasing grin, and Jesse turned away, thinking that maybe he didn’t want to know what his plan was, as long as he had one.
Ashton cocked his head toward the right. “There’s a lake that way, maybe a hundred yards. We should refill the water.”
Jesse squinted in the direction he’d gestured, seeing nothing but more sand and the same old rocks. “Of course there is,” he said, following as he pushed through toward it.
And he was right, though it was more a pond than a lake—kept fresh by a creek that flowed in on the far side. The shore changed from sand to rocks before disappearing beneath the surface, and a cluster of beech trees hung their branches toward the water.
Rolling up his sleeves, Jesse splashed some water on his face and slurped up big handfuls. He hadn’t realized how thirsty he was until he found that he couldn’t stop drinking it, and suddenly regretted not bringing any water. Zander probably would have.
Ashton was dunking his hands and pulling his wet fingers through his hair, making it stand in each direction again as if it had gotten too tame during their journey across the Fire District desert.
Refreshed, Jesse sat back and leaned on his palms, glancing across at Ashton. “I don’t believe it.”
Ashton met his gaze in confusion.
“Your hands aren’t twitching,” he said, gesturing at the palm set loosely on a rock. It instantly flexed into a fist, his fingers uncomfortable beneath his scrutiny.
Ashton ignored him, his brow drawn as he topped off the water bottle and nestled it into the bag. “Is there any more food?”
“Well, not really. I’ve got a couple granola bars if you want one. I thought for sure we’d be fine with the food they had on the train.” Jesse sighed, taking out a granola bar and tossing it to Ashton, who caught it with ease.
“We should light a fire,” Ashton suggested. “It’s pretty cold at night in the desert, and just as dark.”
“And how do we do that?” Jesse asked.
“Here, give me your gun.” Ashton held out his hand.
Hesitantly, Jesse took out his gun and gave it to him. With clever use of the gunpowder, Jesse was soon mesmerized by the gray plumes of a small fire winding their way toward the sky.
Ashton’s attention was off in the horizon as he stretched his legs in front of him. “How long have you lived in New Jersey?” he asked, digging his heel into the sand.
Jesse settled his elbows over his knees and stared at his reflection in the water. “Since I was twelve.”
“Where did you live before?”
Jesse peered up at him, but Ashton’s attention was caught on the sky above now. “My family lived on a boat,” he said. “We travelled all over the place and basically lived everywhere. I got to see everything.”
“Wow,” Ashton said with a smile. “That sounds amazing. I’ve never lived on a boat, let alone been on one. Were you happier there?”
He shrugged. “Living with my gran took some getting used to, I guess. I had my share of rebellions. But it wasn’t the same. When I lived with my parents, I used to throw fits and tantrums, break things and make up stories and anything I could, just to get their attention. To get anything I wanted. But I never did any of that with Gran. We would sit in the garden on warm nights and just talk, and she would listen to what I said. She treated my opinions like they were valid, like I had something worthwhile to say.” He took a breath as he stared into the ashes beneath the flames. “We both have set opinions on things and are too stubborn to ever admit we’re wrong about something, so half the time we’d end up fighting with each other. And then it would reach this point when one of us would be yelling or just about ready to stomp away and slam the door, and then my grandma would just start laughing. And she’d say that I was just like her.” He gulped, tightening his arms around his knees. “She’d say that I was bound to have a tough life, because I was just like her.”
Ashton waited a moment before asking, “Was it always just the two of you?”
He hesitated. Soon he shook his head. “My sister… she lived with us, too. But just for a year. My grandpa died before my dad was born. Gran never really talks about him, and I haven’t seen any pictures.”
“A sister?” Ashton asked. “I didn’t know you had a sister. No mention of that. Whatever happened to her? And you left your parents. How did that come about?”
“Our boat flooded one night during a storm while we were out in the middle of the ocean. Everything fell apart, and my parents drowned. My sister and I were trapped on the boat, alone, and then this shark showed up,” Jesse added a branch to the fire. “It was aiming for my sister. I tried to save her, and meant to kick it away, but then it chomped my leg right off.”
Ashton watched his face, his own twisted in concern. Jesse continued. “And the whole boat was still falling apart. The roof caved in and… my sister became paralysed from the waist down. Luckily a patrol boat was around and we got help. We were handed to our gran after what felt like an eternity at the hospital, and that was that. But… my sister suffered from severe depression after that, with everything that had happened and with our parents gone, so suddenly. She got really sick, and as days passed she got sicker, until finally… she died.”
For a while, neither spoke. The stars had come out, blinking down on them. Soon, Jesse broke the silence. “How about you? Do you have any more siblings, or just Ragnar?”
Ashton curled his fingers into the rocks. “…Ragnar isn’t my real brother.”
Jesse barely heard him over the crackle of the flames. Ashton’s expression showed neither affection nor coldness. He struck Jesse as someone who would be protective and extremely caring of a younger sibling, but his face seemed hardened.
“What?” Jesse furrowed a brow. “But you said he was.”
Ashton hesitated. “I was adopted into his family. I don’t remember anything from before getting adopted, but all I do remember was meeting Ragnar and becoming friends. It’s all so blurry, like a distant dream, but I remember somehow after we met and became friends I was adopted.” Leaning forward, Ashton tossed another branch into the fire after turning the wood already in the pit. “But he ran away a few years after. He was always so secretive. He went to stay with Ember, but didn’t say why. I tried to find him, but by the time I did he was a completely different person. I haven’t spoken to or seen him in a very long time. Not since what happened at the inn.”
“Oh,” Jesse said quietly. “I didn’t know that… that you don’t remember your past. Did anything happen that you recall to make you forget?”
Ashton seemed more resigned at the question as he picked through the rocks beside him. “I dunno.”
Jesse shook his head, baffled. “When did all that happen?”
“I remember I was eleven when I was adopted. My dad’s an emotional wreck since Ragnar left, and I feel bad leaving him alone… like I’m doing right now.” Ashton glanced at Jesse before tossing a stone into the water. “He’d be about your age now. Ragnar, I mean. But… the whole thing is complicated. And it doesn’t matter anymore.”
Jesse nodded and laid down in the sand, closing his eyes. Sleep crept up quickly, the waning moon casting a dim spotlight from above.
But sleep didn’t last very long until Jesse was shaken awake, startled to find Ashton crouching above him.
“Come on, you have to wake up,” he insisted, standing and snatching up the two packs.
“What, did the skyrunners find us?” Jesse muttered, running a hand through his hair as he sat himself up. He paused to stretch and yawn, then stood.
“No,” Ashton answered. He tossed a pack at Jesse, stomping out the remaining lit coals in their fire pit. “I can hear a train coming. It’s probably the last one for today. If we don’t get on, we’re screwed.”
“What time is it?”
Ashton didn’t reply right away, slinging his pack over his shoulder and starting the walk. “Almost eleven at night. Come on, we can’t miss it.”
Even though it was dark, Jesse could make out dark circles around Ashton’s eyes and a greater paleness about him, making him wonder if Ashton had stayed up listening for a train.
They headed away from the pond and continued wordlessly toward a set of pillars in the distance, following the tracks, which remained silent. Even at night it was mildly warm, but evidently cooler than it had been during the day, which made the walking slightly more bearable.
Ashton stopped suddenly and Jesse’s heart doubled in speed, for a moment sure he’d heard skyrunners again.
“Here. This will work.” Ashton peered upward at one of the pillars, almost ten feet off the ground and decently close to the tracks. The cracked and hacked off spots along it made for a convenient way to climb it. “What do you think?”
Jesse followed him through the stacks of rocks. “I thought maybe you were kidding before. You really think you can jump onto a moving train from there?”
He nodded.
“Without breaking a leg?”
“Or anything else.”
Ashton met his speculative look with that of reassurance.
Jesse shrugged. “Anything to be out of this desert.”
The ledge towered over his head, but he clambered up with little trouble, grasping onto jutting rocks and open cracks.
Ashton moved around him, climbing to stand on the very top of the pillar. He looked around himself and stomped on it. “It appears trustworthy.”
Jesse discovered a strange irony in his choice of words. Their conversation from only a few hours ago returned to him, and now he felt he couldn’t stop thinking about it. About how, really, they weren’t too different. Both had lost a sibling, in a way. They lived alone with one other relative. Both were missing a part of their bodies.
And still, something inside Jesse still didn’t trust him, even though he knew he had reason to.
Ashton’s attention darted to the south, one ear cocked to the sky. Jesse listened, still dangling off the edge of the pillar, but he only heard a breeze in the desert, and an eerie chorus of crickets.
Though he heard nothing, Ashton muttered, “A train is coming.”
Ashton held out his hand and Jesse took it instinctively. He pulled him up easily, then his hold dropped to his sides as he stepped out further onto the edge of the top of the pillar. The circular surface was no more than the size of a large truck tire, and Jesse found himself standing awkwardly close to Ashton. A shudder ripped through his spine.
Jesse tried not to look down at their treacherous footings and struggled to find his train of thought over the pounding in his ears.
Then he mistakenly glanced down—his stomach flipped at seeing how high up they were. With the encroaching darkness, it felt like he was standing at the edge of an endless abyss.
“We have maybe thirty seconds,” said Ashton. “Once it’s here, we’ll need to act fast. No hesitation. Can you do that?”
Jesse tried to wet his parched tongue, but it was as dry as the cracked and dusty stone beneath him. He tried to calm his heartbeat. Seconds were counting off in his head. Going by too fast. The train were growing louder. He heard the whistle of air down the tracks.
“You’re going to let me jump on my own this time?” he asked, spotting a bright glow around the nearest bend. Lights blared through the darkness, growing larger as it approached them. Faster and faster. The tracks directly beneath them hummed.
“Do you want to jump on your own?” Ashton set his bag between them.
Jesse studied the tracks, imagining a racing train beneath them. Subtle vibrations tickled his real foot, his one real knee seizing up.
Taking a deep breath, he tossed his bag over his shoulder and begrudgingly stepped closer to Ashton, as if he wasn’t close enough. “Turn around.”
Ashton let Jesse climb onto his back, hitching his legs higher until he had a firm grip around him.
Tying his arms around Ashton’s shoulders, it occurred to Jesse that perhaps all his years of hiding at home from the outside world had created a paranoia in him, an issue of trust toward those he didn’t know. Even when he first came to live with his Gran he hesitated to trust her. It wasn’t until he had gotten to know the person underneath, the struggles in her life, did he finally warm up to her. Maybe the same was with Ashton. Maybe the same was with everybody else in the world. He’d always judged people on how they looked and what they said, how they acted and who they hung out with, and decided to himself that he hated that person and didn’t go near them. Most of the time doing that was smart. But then on these rare occasions, he was wrong. Maybe he’d been wrong with much more people than just these few.
Plus there was the fact that Ashton was still here. Still risking his life and facing his own tormenters to help him. Still taking him to stop Emberlee.
Biting his lip, Jesse tensed his body. He hated apologizing, hated being wrong, but it had to be done. “Listen, I’m sorry about what I said to you. About how unlucky it was that I’m stuck with you and how much of an annoying little sap you are.”
His body seemed to deflate beneath him. “You don’t have to do that.”
“Yes, I do.” Jesse said firmly. “I had no idea you lost your family like that.”
Ashton said nothing, instead shifting uncomfortably. “Are you really being genuine about that?”
Jesse frowned. “What are you talking about?”
“Something tells me you’d bad-mouth me all over again if I did or said anything to tick you off.” Ashton gave a quick, suspenseful glance over his shoulder at Jesse, then focused back on the approaching train.
Jesse had no response to his remark, and was soon distracted as the train darted closer, smooth as a snake. Its glossy bronze body rushed toward them, lifting clouds of sand into the night air in its wake.
Then Ashton was crouching and his heart jumped, tearing his attention back to the train. Ashton braced his hands on the bag. His pulse was galloping, and he couldn’t help but contrast it with the uncanny calm he’d had when they’d jumped out of the train window before.
Then the train was beneath them, shaking the pillar and rattling Jesse’s teeth.
Ashton shoved the bag off the pillar and leaped. Digging his fingers into Ashton’s shirt, Jesse clenched his jaw against a scream.
They landed heavily on the glass-smooth roof, the levitating train barely dipping from the impact, and Jesse felt it instantly. Ashton slipped, his shoulders tilting too heavy to the left, his balance rocking beneath his weight.
Jesse shouted, the momentum of the jump sending him spinning away toward the ledge and then he was falling, the world tumbling around him.
A hand gripped his wrist, his fall stopped with a painful yank on his shoulder. Jesse shouted again, thrashing his feet as the ground whipped by beneath him.
Jesse felt himself being hauled up in no time. He beat his feet against the train’s side, struggling for any traction, before he was heaved onto the roof. Ashton rolled Jesse away from the edge. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I lost focus, I slipped. Are you all right?”
Jesse’s breaths shuddered. The world slowly stopped spinning, but every nerve hummed with the rush of adrenaline, every bit of him trembling down to his core. “I’m all right,” he panted, attempting a weary smile. Ashton didn’t return the look. “I may have pulled something in my shoulder, though.”
His mind emptied of everything but the gusting wind and how fragile Ashton looked in that heartbeat, like one movement could break him open.
“I’m all right,” he assured him again with a nod.
The train angled toward the west, the desert blurring on either side of them. It seemed ages before the adrenaline drained out of Jesse’s limbs.
“We need to get down. We’re not safe up here.” Ashton said, his voice shaky and rough as he stood.
Jesse sat up, and could still feel his pulse racing. Ashton wasn’t looking at him, and he knew he was right.
They weren’t safe up here.
Not trusting himself to stand, he half slid, half crawled toward the front of the car, adjusting to the subtle movements of the train. Ashton hovered a little ways ahead, not touching him, but never too far to grab him should he get too close to the edge.
When they reached the end, Ashton swung himself down onto the platform between the cars. Jesse peered down after him and spotted the bag at his feet. He’d all but forgotten it, but now a surprised look flooded over him. Ashton’s aim had been perfect.
And perhaps if they hadn’t had that discussion right before the jump, his balance would have been, too.
Ashton’s expression had become confused and haunted, his brow furrowed. Without meeting Jesse’s gaze, he grabbed the bag and disappeared into the car.
Jesse gaped at the doorway, waiting for the gusting wind to take down his temperature.
He jumped down and slumped against the rail, adjusting the strap of his pack. He dimly tried to tell himself this was just one more example of his emotions carrying him away, all over some kid he’d known for only … he strained to count back and realized with some shock they’d barely known each other for three days.
Only three days. Could that be right? Had Ashton only bribed his way into that party a few days ago? Had Edana’s aunt been attacked only two days ago?
And then everything with Emberlee. He’d only gotten to know her for a day, and rushed off to let her drag him to that awful party that very night after talking to her for what must have been the first time.
A trick. She had tricked him. Emberlee was a witch, and she knew how to kill. There was something that she wanted from him. His Other was the leader of the skyrunners, and Emberlee wanted that power.
But more than that, despite being reclusive and anti-social, Jesse always found a way to get too close to someone. Just one word, one minute of attention, and his protectiveness would take over, and for the most part he’d regret it later. Thinking about it, Jesse hated himself for being so weak. He hated that he put so much effort into avoiding people, isolate himself from the world, yet crumble so easily whenever someone gave him attention, even pretended to like him.
He let out a frustrated sigh and, when his legs were solid again, ducked into the car.
It was a storage car, wide-open and stacked with plastic shipping crates. A square of moonlight fell in through the open doorway. Ashton had climbed onto a stack of crates and was busy shuffling them around to make more room.
Jesse started moving crates against the opposite wall away from him. Though the silence was painful, anything he could think to say sounded trite and artificial.
Finally Ashton stopped shifting crates and sat down, legs folded and hands clenched in his lap. Shoulders hunched. Not looking at him.
Jesse scrutinized him from the corner of his eye, tempted to say something to make him smile at least, but making people smile wasn’t exactly his specialty. His hands instinctively dug into his pockets to grab his phone, but his heart dropped when he remembered that it was stolen. If his path really did cross with Elain again in the Water District, he’d make sure to get his phone back.
“So,” Jesse began awkwardly, lying back against the crates, “how long do you think it’ll be until we arrive at the Water District?”
Ashton looked to his left, away from Jesse, focusing on the scenery whizzing past them through the window. “We should be there early in the morning. You just get some sleep. You’ll need it.”
Jesse sighed and placed his hands behind his head, trying to get comfortable. “And you?”
Ashton looked at him. “What about me?”
“You’re going to finally get some sleep too, right?” Jesse glanced to his left at Ashton. “I can see the lack of sleep all over your face. Two nights in a row without sleep, along with only a granola bar for something to eat all day, is not good.”
Ashton attempted to stifle his yawn. “You don’t need to worry about me. Just go to sleep, okay? We’ve got a long day tomorrow.”
“Just tell me what’s bugging you,” Jesse grabbed his pack and placed it behind his head, attempting to make a pillow out of it. “Like I said, I can see it all over your face. Then you can get some shut-eye and I’ll set my watch to wake me up every hour in case we’ve stopped, though I highly doubt we’ll miss it.”
Ashton smiled, but it looked fake and forced. “You know, despite how you claim to dislike people, you’re not bad at reading them.”
“Huh? You think?”
“Yeah,” Ashton nodded. “I notice it in the way you’re constantly scrutinizing everyone we talk to.”
Jesse shrugged carelessly, but still waited expectantly.
Ashton took a breath before speaking. “It’s just… I really don’t want to go to the Water District. And now that we’re almost there, I’m getting stressed out.”
Jesse raised a brow, finding he didn’t believe him. “And that’s all?”
Ashton was tapping his fingers again, bouncing his knee on the crate below him. “I feel like I’m wasting my time by being here, you know? I wanted to go to the Shadow District. But all at once I don’t want to even go there. But I have to.”
“Then maybe going to the Water District wont be so bad. It’ll distract you, get you busy before you have to do whatever you’ve got to do to make that cure and get rid of the skyrunners.” Jesse grinned when he remembered something. “And, since we’ll be in the Water District, you can teach me how to swim, assuming you know how.”
Ashton frowned at him. “Huh? You never learned? And you used to live on a boat?”
“I’ve always been kind of afraid of water, to tell the truth. I don’t know why, I just am,” Jesse said. “And we’re gonna be stuck there for a bit, right? We’ve gotta make the most of our time while we’re there to keep from getting bored after we talk to that old lady. Oh, and we’ve got to find Edana and Zander, too. They couldn’t have stayed behind at the Fire District, right? Knowing Edana, she’ll find a way to get what she wants. Hey, maybe they’re already there, waiting for us.”
Ashton smiled and nodded. “Yeah. I feel guilty for leaving them behind like that.”
“Let’s get some sleep,” Jesse murmured, turning over. “And then we’ll stop in someplace and get something for you to eat, and you’ll be back to your old self again. Everything will be fine.”
Taking a deep breath and trying to get comfortable on the crates below him, Ashton repeated Jesse’s last four words, finding the irony in them. Everything will be fine.
But he knew very well that it wouldn’t.
Jesse’s words made no difference to Ashton’s problems, which weren’t entirely true, but weren’t lies all the same. If anything, he had made everything much worse.
Ashton turned away and knew regretfully that the journey to his destination was going to be a lot harder than he thought it would be.

Eighteen
Waves were crashing in the distance, and when the train whistled, Jesse’s eyes snapped open.
He lay still, listening to the whistle of wind outside the train cars. His side was stiff from lying on the hard crate and his neck hurt from sleeping at an awkward angle against his pack.
Slowly he sat himself up with a groan, curling his knees against his chest. He stared blankly at the stacks of crates surrounding him, the hum of the tracks deepening as the train crawled into a station. Voices yelled. Machinery clanked and hissed.
The train came to a steady stop and sank down onto the tracks, and realization set in.
Jesse bolted to his feet and hurried to Ashton, ignoring the spots that flashed in his eyes and the dizziness from getting up so fast. He was sound asleep until Jesse shook him awake.
“Dude, we’re here!” Jesse whisper-yelled. “You’ve gotta hurry up!”
It took half a minute before Ashton slowly sat himself up. His eyes widened when he took in the surroundings, listened in on the outside sounds, the distant waves leaking in from the outside.
“Crap, hurry!” Ashton scrambled to snatch his pack and hopped off the crates before Jesse. “You have everything you need?” Jesse nodded, and Ashton gave a quick stretch. “Good. Because this is the last time we’re ever going to be here on this train.”
The underground platform was well lit and filled with skyrunners and carts ready to unload the train’s cargo. Jesse followed Ashton into the shadows of another freight train. They waited until a skyrunner turned away before crawling up onto the platform.
Ashton grabbed Jesse’s elbow and pulled him across the platform, ducking behind a cart loaded with crates.
A moment later Jesse saw a skyrunner slink into the car he and Ashton had just abandoned, its blue light seeping back out the door.
“Be ready to run when the train leaves,” Ashton said, adjusting the bag on his shoulder. Not seconds later, the train lifted up off the tracks and began gliding back into the tunnel.
Jesse sprang toward the tracks, only to find himself being pulled back by the back of his jacket. He let out a strangled cry and slammed back into Ashton.
“Wha—”
He clamped a hand over Jesse’s mouth.
Jesse glared and ripped his jacket from Ashton’s grasp, but then he heard it too. The hum of an approaching train.
It was on the third track out and blew past them in the direction they’d just came from without any indication of slowing, vanishing into the darkness again as quickly as it had come.
Ashton grinned. “Now we can go.”
They reached the other platform without any further run-ins, spotted only by a middle-aged man with blue scales on his forehead and gills on his neck who watched them curiously over his newspaper. Jesse couldn’t help but stare back until they turned a corner, darting through an underground parking lot.
Jesse checked his watch when they reached street level. It was nearly nine, and the city was quiet in the still of morning.
The sky was scattered with white clouds swimming slowly across. The buildings, shops, and offices were all either silver, grey, or white, and each had water instead of a grassy lawn. Now that Jesse noticed it, there was no grass, except for the trees on each corner of the streets with their roots growing inside a water bubble, balancing on the concrete. Imposing structures lined the street with flower boxes hanging from stone-wrapped windows in their own water-bubble. An ornate clock tower stood in the distance, its face lit up and showing two broad pointed hands and roman numerals. Below it stood a digital screen that also read the time. There were electronic screens, flashing to different advertisements on almost every building, showing new phone models and other products. The whole place reminded Jesse of a water-themed version of Tokyo, and he knew it from another one of his Gran’s paintings.
Ashton headed straight down the street and Jesse followed, making sure not to lose him in the crowds of people that were starting to gather and wake up, preparing for a new day.
They turned left at a traffic circle, Ashton half a step ahead of him, hunched over like he was barricading himself. Jesse’s gaze traveled down his arm to his fidgeting fingers. He knew something was bothering him about this place in general, but had no idea what it was. He tucked both of his hands into his jacket’s pockets with a sigh and tried to distract himself.
There was an abyss opening up between them, cutting through whatever they’d shared at the fire pit.
“How far are we?” Jesse asked him.
“Not far. We can walk.”
“How do you know?”
“Zander went over the map with me before we left. More like forced me to remember it like I was gonna have an exam on the stuff, actually.” Ashton said. “Speaking of those guys, how are we supposed to find Edana and Zander now? I don’t know if they even got on the train.”
Jesse’s attention landed on an electronics store selling TVs in the window before he could reply to Ashton’s question. All three were broadcasting some news footage in a dark, dirty, and sinister-looking land, probably from the Shadow District. A crowd had begun to gather, watching and talking about the scene taking place. The freeze-frame on the screens showed a close-up of a boy with red spiky hair with his shirt ripped off, laying face-first in a sort of awkward position. Only, the back of his broken head was bleeding badly, the blood camouflaging perfectly into the red hair.
When a rustle of rumours passed through the nearest civilians, Jesse clamped a hand over his mouth and raced to Ashton, who had progressed further down the street without him.
“Ashton!” Jesse shouted, grabbing his arm and spinning him around. Ashton looked at him with eyes bigger than usual, and yanked his arm away. “Ash, I think I found Zander. Hurry, come see this before it turns to commercial.”
“Hey, wait—” but Ashton couldn’t finish before he was yanked away again, being pulled down the street to the TVs.
Luckily, everything was still there. Ashton had become pale, appearing to be on the verge of throwing up.
“That’s definitely Zander,” Jesse pointed out quietly so no one else heard, his voice slightly shaky. “I’m guessing Edana was with him.”
Ashton hadn’t said a word, looking horrified as he slowly nodded his head yes. A hand flew to his white eye and he took several shaky breaths, slowing his heart rate.
“This is bad,” Ashton shook his head, closing his eyes. “This is very bad.
“I’ll say,” Jesse agreed, his eyes glued to the screen. He wanted so badly to look away, but he couldn’t. Zander had just been murdered. And by the looks of it, Edana was murdered, too. “Who would do this?”
“Who do you think?” Ashton raised his voice unintentionally, causing heads to turn. Biting his lip, he grabbed Jesse and pulled him away from the screens.
On their way down the street again, Jesse said, “Those skyrunners are getting out of control. It’s insane.”
“Getting out of control?” Ashton shot him a look. “Those things passed getting out of control years ago. Now, they’re just unruly fiends. And your crazy girlfriend is controlling them!”
“She’s not my girlfriend!” Jesse shot back. “I regret ever daring to trust her.”
They crossed a street and started through a park, taking a shortcut in silence.
Finally, Ashton took a breath. “I think I might be in denial. You know? I still can’t believe they’re gone. Like I sort of dreamed it up.” Ashton shook his head, shoving his hands into his pockets. “I really want to talk to Mrs. Bennett. It’s what Edana wanted.”
Jesse nodded, not knowing what to say. Before he knew it he was following Ashton through a parking lot to their destination.

The elevator ride up to the top floor of the psychiatric hospital went by in a heartbeat. It was hot and stuffy in the cramped area, but despite all that, there was something warm and calming about the entire building. The feeling was soon left behind when Ashton and Jesse stepped out and onto Mrs. Bennett’s floor.
“The receptionist said she was in room number 17, top floor,” Ashton reminded him, even though it only felt like seconds ago when they first entered.
“Yeah, I know. Come on.” Jesse loosened his grip on his pack and started off down the hall, listening to Ashton’s footsteps behind him.
Mrs. Bennett’s room was right around the corner. He was about to open the door when Ashton grabbed his elbow and yanked him back.
“Hey, what—” Jesse started when he spun around to face him.
“Wait, wait, wait, wait. Before you just barge in like that, we have to remember that she’s supposed to be a little”—sticking out his tongue, he swirled both fingers around his ears—“So we’ve gotta think about what we’re going to say before we say it, come off as friendly and trustworthy, and knock before entering. Okay?” He considered his own advice for a second after he said it. “Actually, maybe you’d better just keep your mouth closed and let me do the talking. No offense.”
Jesse rolled his eyes with a sigh and let Ashton come in front of him, but didn’t complain. Ashton knocked on the door, a hollow wooden sound echoing in the empty, obnoxiously bright hall. “Hello? Mrs. Bennett? We’re friends of Lucy and Edana Michaela. We just want to talk.”
There was no reply. Not even footsteps or the scrape of a chair across a carpet.
Ashton and Jesse exchanged confused glances before Ashton gently pressed his ear to the door, as though listening to something.
“Maybe she’s not around. Should we come back later?” Jesse suggested after a moment.
Ashton lifted a finger, indicating for him to stop talking. Jesse furrowed his brow. “What are you doing, anyways?” he asked.
Ashton waited a few seconds before answering. Finally he stood up and twisted the knob. “She’s out on the deck. Probably can’t hear us. Come on, let’s go.”
“How would you know that just by listening through a door? Besides, I thought you said we shouldn’t barge in,” Jesse gave him a look as he crossed his arms.
Ashton shrugged, ignoring his questions. Judging by his expression, he couldn’t care less whether or not they barged in or not anymore. “She can’t hear us. I’m not about to just leave when she’s right there. I heard a rocking chair squeaking, and the wind. Edana wouldn’t have let this stop her.”
Ashton entered without another word, and Jesse followed.
If he didn’t know any better, this would have been the apartment room of any average middle-aged woman, with the floral wallpaper and matching curtains, the doilies, and the neatly-made flower-print bed. Everything was spotless and clean. How could an insane person live here?
Ashton, his gold eye swivelling around to look at everything, made his way calmly through the room toward the back, where sunlight was spilling in through open glass doors. Sitting on a chair by a table looking out over the Water District was Mrs. Bennett, a tall and thin elderly woman with curly, frizzy gray hair tied in a single braid trailing down her spine, which was hunched over. Her woollen shawl was wrapped snugly over her shoulders, and in her bony and swollen arthritic hands she held a mug of steaming tea.
“…Mrs. Bennett?” Ashton said slowly.
The woman turned around, and Jesse didn’t expect to see an array of scars and fading bruises on the woman’s dark skin. A pair of spectacles rested on the bridge of her nose.
“Why, greetings, boys.” Mrs. Bennett returned her attention to the bustling activity of the district below. She sounded warm and happy, and completely… normal. “Come have a seat. You are here to chat, aren’t you?”
“That’s right, Mrs. Bennett,” Ashton nodded, coming to stand by the rail instead of taking a seat. “We’re friends of Lucy Michaela. You know her, right?”
“Now, just call me Tamika, young man. I don’t mind,” she began, pausing to bring her drink to her lips and taking a sip. “Ah, yes. Lucy Michaela. Such a nice girl. She went deaf recently though, I heard. Poor thing. Musta’ been from all those rock concerts she went to when she was your ages.”
Ashton took a deep breath. “Tamika, she’s dead.”
Jesse looked at him in disbelief at how blunt he’d just been. Ashton hadn’t missed a beat and had gotten straight to the point.
Tamika looked at him in surprise as well, but Ashton continued before she could say anything. “She and her niece Edana were murdered, and we thought you might have some information on her killer. You were recently almost killed, right?”
Tamika was silent, and they let the pressure of Ashton’s words sink in for a moment. Jesse was beginning to feel restless, aching for information. What Emberlee wanted. What her goal really was.
“So it’s come to this,” Tamika began slowly. “That poor girl is blinded.”
“Who is?” Jesse asked. “It’s Ember White, right? Is she the one that hurt you?”
Tamika waited before finally nodding, her gaze fixed on the city below them. “Yes, that’s right. My, does that name ring a mighty big bell. Indeed, Ember was the one who killed Lucy and her descendants, and many more dear friends of mine. And… my daughter. She killed my poor dear daughter. And she would have killed me, too, if not for my lucky escape. I don’t even know how I did it. But I shouldn’t have been the one to escape. So many others… left behind, brought to their end by the witch.”
“What did she do to you, besides give you those scars and bruises?” Ashton asked her, crossing his arms.
Tamika didn’t seem bothered to roll up her sleeves and show the boys the damage that had been done on her.
The skin was covered in burn marks, each one a perfect circle and placed in a sloppy row. Row upon row upon row, circling her forearms from wrist to elbow, some shining with wrinkled scar tissue, others blackened and blistering.
Jesse’s breath caught in his throat and he could barely form any words.
“They made me,” Tamika whispered, as though something was listening in the dark shadows.
Jesse pressed on. “Who made you do what? Ember, right?”
“I couldn’t get away when they tortured me,” she continued as if she hadn’t heard him. “They asked so many questions and I didn’t know. I didn’t know what they wanted. I tried to answer them, but I didn’t know…”
Jesse felt sick. He couldn’t imagine why Ember would want to do such a sick and twisted thing. What possibly could have caused this?
“They gave me the poker,” she continued, her bright eyes wide and distant.
“They gave you—? Why—?”
“And they brought me to her, my daughter. You see, she’d been missing for two weeks before they took me, too. They wanted something from us. But they made me watch … I couldn’t let them hurt her, but they forced me to watch, and I cried… she didn’t last very long. And they asked me the same questions, and I couldn’t answer them. I don’t know what they want,” Tamika’s voice hiccupped, face flushing with grief. “Ember made them do this to me.”
Struggling to gulp, Jesse leaned against the table, his legs beginning to tremble. “They?”
“The Skychasers. Her team.” Tamika’s attention flashed back to him, a sudden crazed look in her eye. “The witch is hiding something,” she mumbled. “I want to know what it is. What is she hiding, boy? What is it?”
She was sweating now, her hair damp around her ears.
Jesse lowered himself into a chair. “Tamika, please.” He tried to sound soothing, though his heart was thumping so hard it hurt. “Where is she now?”
“Don’t know.” She squeezed her mug so tight it could have broken. “I was at a teahouse here in the Water District. They must have drugged my drink, because next I woke up in a dark room. It smelled damp, musty.” She sniffed.
With a shudder, Jesse pulled his hand through his hair until it knotted up around his fingers. They’d let her escape their torture, back to the same place they’d kidnapped her. Why? It didn’t make any sense. Clearly they weren’t worried about Tamika’s well-being. So what else? Was leaving her here a message to those around her? A threat?
“You must remember something,” Jesse said, his voice taking on a tinge of desperation. “Something about the room, or something someone said? Did you get a good look at them? Could you describe one of them to a profiler? Anything?”
“Was drugged,” she said, quickly, but then her brow drew together as she struggled to think. She made to touch her burn marks, but then let her hand fall into her lap. “Wouldn’t let me see them.”
Jesse barely resisted the urge to shake her and scream that she had to think harder. “Did they blindfold you?”
“No. I was afraid to look.” She squinted. “But… they asked me where my friends were. The people I used to go to school with. I tried telling them, but dear Molly Tynane… they wanted her the most. But I didn’t know her location.”
Jesse choked on a breath. That name was much too close to that of his grandmother’s. “Molly Tynane? Do you know what her real self is called?”
Tamika shut her eyes tight, trying to think, to focus. “Mal… Maloree. Maloree Tynan.”
Jesse let the name sink in for a moment before he began to feel numb, agitated. His worst fears, those sneaking, horrible suspicions, were true. His grandmother was in danger. Not just to be kidnapped, but kidnapped by cruel, brutal people. That was why Emberlee had been in his house, when he’d seen his grandmother captured by the skyrunner. She’d told him they were moving to get away, that something would happen…had she known the whole time? Did she know about the skyrunners and the Otherworld? But why did they want to hurt her?
Would they harm her as they’d harmed Tamika? What would they do to her? What did they want? Ransom?
Terror clouded his thoughts as all the possible horrors streamed through his imagination. Torture and burning and dark rooms …
“What did you mean, when you said they made you? What did they make you do?”
“Burn myself,” she whispered. “Handed me the poker.”
“But how—”
“So many questions. I don’t know where Molly is now. What she does in her house. And they don’t know, either. I don’t know how we all tie into their plans, their goals, their anger. What happened between Ember and Molly. They were the best of friends in school. They did everything together. Molly even kept Ember from getting bullied. They kept secrets, isolated themselves. Don’t know what she’s hiding—she’s hiding something.” She pulled shakily at her shawl, glancing frantically around her.
“You’re talking nonsense,” Jesse said, his voice breaking. “You have to think harder. You have to remember something.”
A long, long silence. In the distance, waves were crashing on the shore somewhere. The noise of the city—vehicles, distant undecipherable chatter.
“Tattoo.”
He frowned. “What?”
She placed a finger over one of the burns, on the inside flesh of her arm, just below her elbow. “The one who handed me the poker had a tattoo. Here. Letters and numbers.”
His vision prickled with bright lights and Jesse gripped the rumpled tablecloth, for a moment feeling like he could faint.
Letters and numbers.
“Are you sure?”
“R… P…” She shook her head. “I can’t remember. There was more.”
“You have to try. Please, Tamika.” Jesse was practically begging.
“I think there were all these lines above the letters and numbers,” she said slowly, “Kind of like a…”
“A barcode.” Jesse’s mouth ran dry, hatred overtaking the dizziness. He knew that tattoo.
Elain.
She was a murderer. A thief. She was working for Ember. And she had tortured Tamika.
Jesse looked up at Ashton, who had been silent for a long while. He half expected him to be listening, trying to figure things out, but instead he looked… remorseful.
He was looking down at his forearm where his long sleeves covered it with that look on his face, deep in thought, as though he were only half paying attention. He was pressing his thumb against the same area where Tamika had pointed to on her arm.
“What are you doing?” Jesse asked him.
Ashton looked up at him in alarm, but relaxed and pulled his arm behind his back. “Nothing. Just… imagining.”
“Imagining? Dude, are you insane? Have you even been listening?” Jesse clenched his fists. “Those bastards are looking for my grandmother! And I have no idea how close they are to finding her, or why they want to in the first place!”
Ashton ignored him, looking down at his nails and pretending he hadn’t said anything.
Ears ringing, Jesse peered down at Tamika, whose eyes were wide and almost insane-looking. She was rocking back and forth in her seat.
He stood. The blood rushed to his head, but he ignored it. “Thanks, Tamika. It was nice meeting you. We have to go now.” Marching to the door, he grabbed his pack and prepared to leave, and knew that Ashton was coming up to follow him.
Dazed, Tamika turned and looked at him. She succumbed to a frightened, child-like expression. “Don’t go out there, boys. Don’t you understand? They used my daughter as bait for me and your family will be next. They’ll come for you, too.”
Clenching his jaw, Jesse squeezed the straps so tight on his pack that his knuckles turned white. “I’m gonna find them first.”
They rode down the elevator in silence, crossed the lobby and exited the building. It wasn’t until they had walked half a block when Ashton started talking.
“I think that was worth it. We learned stuff we didn’t know before.”
“Do all the Skychasers have that tattoo?” Jesse asked without looking at him.
“Well…” Ashton said slowly. “The ones who are the most important do. Or so I’ve heard,” he added quickly.
“Yeah,” Jesse replied simply, glancing over at Ashton’s arm. He wanted to take extra precautions now, and he was so close to ripping off the guy’s sleeve and checking for himself. He saw a barcode tattoo there before. Jesse had one himself. But he didn’t know much about the use of them.
After what had happened with Emberlee, Jesse couldn’t trust anyone. Besides, there was something strange about Ashton—the heightened senses, how much he seemed to know. And the powers, his magic…he’d never given him a straight answer on how he knew or could do all that stuff. Ashton was keeping secrets.
“Roll up your sleeve.” Jesse told him, surprised at how oddly casual his tone sounded.
Ashton looked over at Jesse. He was clenching and unclenching his fists, yet he appeared as though he might laugh. “Why?”
Jesse shrugged. “I’m just…being careful. And if there really is nothing there, then it’ll only take a second. Okay?”
“That’s ridiculous. You think I torture old people on my free time?”
“I’ll answer you when you roll up your sleeve.”
Ashton stopped walking, bringing Jesse to a halt on the sidewalk as well. With a sigh, Ashton’s grin faded from his face and he glanced down at his arm almost jadedly. He lifted his eye and fixed it on Jesse with seriousness as he slowly rolled up his sleeve.
Jesse expected his arm to be blank, hoped his arm would be blank, normal. Only, what was there on his forearm by his elbow, was exactly what Jesse did not want to see at that moment.
‘RPDV149’ with a barcode above it.
Just like Elain, but the numbers were different. It was just like how Tamika had described.
Anger and resentment infuriated him, mixed in with fear and nausea, filling him up. Slowly, Jesse backed away.
He’d pretended to be kind. Pretended he only wanted to help him.
When—weeks? Days?—before, he’d tortured innocent people. Commanded skyrunners. Kept prisoners.
And he’d trusted him. The things they’d talked about, how far they’d come… he’d thought Ashton was helping him. Jesse recalled those moments of peculiar amusement, the glint in his eyes, and his stomach twisted. He’d been laughing at him.
Hurt flashed over Ashton’s face, and he attempted to come closer to Jesse, but he only stepped back farther.
“Wait, now before you go judging me, you have to listen. You have to hear the full story! I’m not with them. I swear it. I swear it!” Ashton insisted.
Jesse ignored him. In the shadows beneath the awning of a nearby shop he could just make out the edge of the tattoo on his arm, which was now burned into his memory.
The one who handed me the poker had a tattoo…
Heat rushed to his face, the rage he’d buried in return for calm practicality rising to the surface. He closed the distance between them and thumped his locked fist into his sternum, ignoring how he towered almost well over a head above him. His hatred made him feel like he could crush Ashton’s skull with his bare hands.
“What are you hiding?”
Ashton’s expression became blank, his hands limp at his sides. “What?”
“Ember! You’ve been working for Ember the whole time!” Suddenly, the realization hit Jesse harder than he’d expected. “And you saw my gran. I’ve just put her in danger. You guys know where she is now.”
He blinked, his expression at once confused and speculative, like he was speaking in another language that he was slow to translate. “Your grandmother?”
Gritting his teeth, he slammed his fist harder into his chest. He flinched, but it seemed to be more from surprise than pain. “I know it was you. I know you’ve been lying to me this whole time and I know it was you who tortured those people! I don’t know what you’re trying to prove, but I want my gran safe and I want her safe now.”
“Listen to me! You have it all wrong!” Ashton shouted in aggravation.
Pulse pounding against his temples, Jesse simultaneously grabbed Ashton’s left wrist and yanked out his gun. He pressed the barrel against his tattoo.
“Tamika saw your tattoo, despite your attempts to keep her drugged up. I find it peculiar that you happen to show up in my life the same day Emberlee did.”
His eyes momentarily cleared, but the look was followed by a deep frown. “I know someone kidnapped Tamika… and is searching for your grandmother,” he said, slowly. “Someone with a tattoo like mine. But I’m telling you—it wasn’t me.”
“Do you think I’m an idiot?” he yelled. “Are you really going to try and convince me you had nothing to do with it?”
Ashton peered over at the street as vehicles raced by, and Jesse tightened his grip on Ashton’s wrist, but he made no move to walk away. “I’ve been at the Light District every day for months. Any of the Others living there can vouch for that. Even my dad could tell you that. I was trying to get to the Shadow District to help create a cure to stop the skyrunners, but I was caught trespassing and was banished from the Otherworld, and that’s when I ended up on Earth. Then I’ve been with you every day for a while now. And you know that.”
Jesse scowled. “Sorry if the people at the Light District aren’t exactly here at the moment.”
“I know,” he said. “But they do know me.”
He tried to slip around Jesse but he only turned with him. Jesse dug his nails into his skin. “Hey! Just—just take me home. Please.”
Ashton stopped and peered down at him, calm despite the growing rowdiness Jesse was feeling. The sounds of the city around them were muffled by the blood flowing through Jesse’s ears. He thought for a second Ashton was crumbling. He was going to tell him what he knew, and Jesse would keep his word not to kill him long enough to find his grandma and protect her from these murderous monsters.
Then he would have his head. Once he knew his grandma was safe at home, Jesse would track down Ashton’s real self on Earth, and whoever else had helped him, and make them pay for what they’d done.
Perhaps Ashton noticed the darkening bitterness on Jesse’s face, because he reached for him and gently patted his shoulder. On gut instinct Jesse dug the gun into his ribs, though he knew he wasn’t going to shoot. Not without answers or a ticket home.
Ashton didn’t seem worried. Maybe he knew it too.
“I believe Tamika did see a tattoo like mine.” His head dipped toward him. “But it wasn’t me.”
Ashton pulled away. Jesse dropped his arm, letting the gun hang limp at his side. He squeezed the gun until the textured metal of the handle left an imprint on his palm.
A tattoo like mine…
He’d only been trying to confuse him, Jesse determined as Ashton stepped away from him. The coincidence was too much.
No matter. He would get his answers, one way or the other.
“Hey, I’m hungry.” Ashton told him, holding his gaze and speaking slowly. “I’m going now. If you stick around, I promise to take you home as soon as the sun rises tomorrow. Unless you’d rather have nothing more to do with me, which I understand. Either way, I promise you’ll never see me again.”
Shaking with frustration, he tucked the gun back into his back pocket. The grin on Ashton’s face when Jesse came closer was almost infuriating. “I’m not letting you out of my sights. You might go back to the witch. Or maybe you’ll transport yourself straight to my gran and murder her right under my nose. I have no choice but to keep my eye on you. I can never trust you. I will never trust anyone.”
The thrumming in his temples was beginning to mellow and he could make out the crowd’s chatter now.
And Ashton, with his tattoo and his almost convincing tone: It wasn’t me.

Nineteen
Ragnar’s hard-soled boots clipped harsh against the marble floor as he marched through the lobby, ignoring a handful of the Skychasers that nodded to him in respect, or perhaps fear. Perhaps even curiosity at the boy who had spent weeks out in the midst of people from the outside, hiding among them. The boy who had murdered three people in hardly two days. And now, because of it, he was at a high rank with the rest of Ember’s most prized members.
He tried not to think of it. Being at the headquarters, being allowed to get in on making plans and getting the respect that a leader would felt like he’d entered a dream. A dream that had once sounded like a nightmare, but not quite so anymore. He was away from a much darker reality now. He’d remembered who he really was. What he really was.
He reached the Sapphire Rotunda—a name that had pleased Ember greatly.
He smelled the sickening stench of cherry air freshener as soon as he stepped into the library and the hairs on his neck prickled. His pace faltered briefly as he made his way through the wood-paneled gallery and in Emberlee’s private office. It had once been suited for royalty—a room for important, high-society people to muse over the philosophical works of their ancestors. Display cases had once held priceless art and bookshelves climbed two stories over his head. But the books were all gone now, rescued when their headquarters had been taken over by them, and a musty, mildew scent had settled into the pores of the surrounding wood.
Ember was seated at a wide desk. Made of plastic and metal, it stood stark and dull against the extravagant decor. Elain was there too, leaning against the wall of empty shelves.
His new partner.
Ember stood. “Ragnar, thank you for coming at such short notice. I wanted you to meet your new partner in person. I figured since you’re new to the more difficult assignments and not just a beginner anymore, Elain could help you until you got used to your new position. She was new here not too long ago, and she’s surprised me greatly by getting along on her own. She’d be perfect to teach you a few tricks.”
“I’m glad to see it,” he said.
Elain took a step closer to him. “Nice helmet, Ragnar,” she said.
He answered simply, hoping to end the conversation. “Thanks.”
Elain sighed and pulled out a familiar looking Samsung Galaxy phone and started typing on it with a mischievous look. Ragnar remained expressionless behind the dark visor of his helmet, then turned away from her and nodded at the witch. “If there’s nothing else—”
“Actually, there is something else. A few things, actually, that I wish to discuss with you both.” Ember sank back into her seat. “I have an assignment for you both. I need it accomplished within one day before the skyrunners reopen the routes for transportation.”
His jaw tightened. “One day?”
Ember laced her fingers together, grinning up at them with her youthful smile, her glittering eyes catching the light of the self-sustained bulbs overhead. “I’m glad you’ve returned in time to do this for me. I want Jesse brought here and Ashton to be killed. Bring back his corpse. Will you accept this task?”
Ragnar clasped his hands behind his back, gripping his wrists until they ached. “I do not wish to question your motives, but I cannot understand why you’re changing our initial objective of simply finding them and bringing them here alive, back to us. I don’t know why you don’t want us to kill them both instead. Why the sudden change of priorities?”
Ember leaned back, studying him. “It is not for you to question my priorities. However, I would hate for having to kill instead of kidnap the boys be a problem for you.” She shrugged. “Though Jesse is initially supposed to be killed, he’s much too valuable to our group. His Other is known for spawning the most skyrunners.”
Ragnar couldn’t keep the confusion from his face, even though she couldn’t see him. Though, she was a witch. Perhaps she was looking right through his helmet.
Ember sighed. Behind his back, Ragnar’s fists clenched. Still, he couldn’t shake Ashton’s scent from the room, the many times he’d been in here making plans with the witch.
“Ragnar?”
“Yes,” he said, quickly. “I apologize. I was distracted.”
Elain started to laugh. A clear, amused laugh. It was Elain’s peculiar warmth that was making Ragnar distrust her more—at least the other Skychasers made no pretence of their haughtiness.
“Your senses are remarkable, Ragnar. Without doubt, one of our best.” Ember tapped at her chair, before pushing herself up. “And your strength of character is unequalled. Your loyalty. Your willingness to make sacrifices. I’m sure none of my other men would have gone to the lengths you did to obtain information, gone so above the call of duty. The truth is, you’re so much like Ashton. Nearly identical in abilities. With me, I can make you much stronger than him. And now that we know what he’s planning to do, to kill the skyrunners, that’s exactly why we need to get rid of him first. And I’ve chosen you to take on this task with Elain.”
Ember paced to the row of shelves and ran a finger along them, dust collecting pale and gray against her pasty skin. Ragnar kept his expression blank, trying not to think about the sacrifices Ember thought he had made, so far above the call of duty.
He swallowed hard. Every muscle drew tight against his bones in an effort to remain cool and collected.
“Now it is only a question of what to do with Jesse once he’s in our clutches. He has something we need. He’ll never give it to us alive, and if we kill him then we kill what we need. How frustrating it is. But no matter, I’ll figure it out.”
Ragnar’s fingernails bit into his palms. Frustrating seemed laughable. If Ember hadn’t changed her focus, he never would have known the difference.
A clamp squeezed in on his chest.
“But I am optimistic,” Ember continued, speaking absently. “We may still find a use for those still alive in the imprisonment chambers, if I can persuade our prisoners to talk. Someone has to know something useful about Molly Tynane.” She fidgeted with the cuff of her sleeve. “Which do you suppose will be more important to the old folks? Their descendant’s lives, or their own secrets?”
Ragnar had no response.
“I guess we will see,” said Ember, returning to her desk. “At least now I’ll have some power over them.” Her lips parted, showing perfect white teeth in a pleasant smile. “You still have not answered my question, Ragnar. Will you accept this task?”
Ragnar’s lungs burned. He wanted to ask more, to know more—about Ashton, Jesse and his importance, what Ember would do to him.
But the questions would not be acceptable. He’d already done so much just to get this far. It was too late now.
He clasped a fist to his chest. “Of course, Ember. It would be an honour.”
Elain grinned and crossed her arms. “An honour? More like a privilege, if you ask me.”
“Good.” Ember tilted back in her chair. “Now, like I said—you have one day. It is imperative that the boys be too terrified to even consider fighting back.”

Jesse settled the gun in his arms and released the safety when Ashton returned from inside the restaurant with their lunch—chicken for Jesse, and a burger for Ashton.
If Ashton was surprised by the gun pointing at him, he didn’t show it.
“It wouldn’t hurt to spill anything, you know. Hey, Ash?” he muttered, keeping the gun pointed at Ashton as he sat down. The sunlight spilled from over the roof of the restaurant, his shadow shifting across the tablecloth, almost brushing Ashton’s feet.
He seemed calm and unconcerned with the gun, though he didn’t move to sit down.
After a long silence, he raised both hands to either side of his head, open palmed. “You’re being pretty stupid right know, you know. But I’m sorry I’ve frightened you, yet again.” As if to make amends, he backed away from the table. Two, three steps.
“You have a gift,” he deadpanned. “Keep your hands up.”
His fingers twitched in acknowledgment.
Jesse waiting for Ashton to make any sudden movement, but he was as still as the brick restaurant behind him.
His eyes caught the light, the wind making messy patterns in his hair. “Am I allowed to sit down, now?” he laughed, large teeth catching a glint of light. “The food’s gonna get cold. Besides, I haven’t eaten in hours.”
Jesse’s eyes narrowed. “If you think I’m gonna actually admit I’m afraid of you—”
“I’m not trying to scare you.”
With a glare, he peered down the barrel to make sure he still had him in line.
“It wasn’t me,” Ashton said, his tone unwavering. “There are other tattoos like mine. It was someone else.”
“Oh, really? Are you finally admitting that you’re part of their cult or something?”
“Or something,” Ashton said with a flinching shrug and a smile. He took a single step toward him.
“Don’t come any closer!” Jesse yelled. “I will shoot, you know.”
“I know.” A flicker of kindness passed over him and he pointed at his temple. “You’ll want to aim for the head. That usually makes for a fatal shot. Or, if you’re feeling shaky, the torso. It’s a larger target.”
“Your head looks pretty big from here.”
Ashton laughed—the expression changing everything about him. His stance relaxed, his face warmed.
A disgusted growl vibrated in Jesse’s throat. This guy had no right to be laughing, not when Ember was still out there.
Ashton dropped his arms and folded them over his chest. Before Jesse could order them up again, he was shouting. “I didn’t torture anybody!” For the first time, his words were sharp, stealing the tirade out of Jesse’s mouth. Ashton’s attention fell down to the gaggle of pigeons as they tramped around on the sidewalk toward a pond that glittered to the side of the restaurant’s outdoor sitting area. Ashton sighed. “I’m telling you, it was someone with a tattoo like mine, and I can help. I’ve been trying to help this whole time.”
“Why should I believe you?”
He took the question seriously, contemplating for a long while. “I have no proof other than what I told you. I’ve been in the Light District for months—they know me there. Tamika even looked at me and didn’t recognize me. Nor would anyone else.” He shifted his weight, like he was growing anxious from too long standing still. “I want to help get rid of the skyrunners and stop Ember.”
Frowning, Jesse squinted down the double barrels. If he was lying, then this was one of the guys who were trying to hunt down his grandmother. He was cruel. He was evil. He deserved a bullet between his eyes.
But Ashton was his only lead.
“You’ll tell me everything. Everything.” Pulling his finger off the trigger, he lowered the gun so that it pointed instead at the ground. A nonfatal target. “And you’ll keep your hands where I can see them at all times. Just because I’m letting you sit at the same table as me doesn’t mean I trust you.”
“Of course.” He nodded, all compliance. “I wouldn’t trust me either.”
“Then have a seat,” he said, gesturing at a chair with the knife from his plate of chicken.
Ashton hesitated only for a moment before pulling out the chair. He didn’t scoot it back in as he sat, as if he wanted to give himself enough space to jump up and run if he had to.
“Hands where I can see them.”
He looked a breath away from amusement as he leaned forward and splayed his fingers on the edge of the table. “I can’t imagine what you must think of me, after all that.”
Jesse scoffed. “Really, you can’t imagine?” He clenched the handle of the knife and stabbed it into the chicken breast. “Would you like me to clue you in?”
Ashton lowered his gaze, rubbing a finger into an ancient tear in the cloth. “It’s been a long time since I was with the witch and the Skychasers.”
“I hope you don’t expect any sympathy.” Jesse refused to let go of the gun or turn his gaze off of him.
“No—I told you how I got here. I’m trying to settle on which moment when everything went wrong with them, what made me want to leave the most.”
“Perhaps you should go back to the moment you decided that working for a witch was a valid career choice.”
A long silence went unbroken as Jesse, still gripping his gun, sliced a piece off his food and jabbed it with a fork, making sure Ashton wasn’t about to try anything on him.
“You’re right,” Ashton said, picking at the sesame seeds on the bun of his burger. “That’s probably where it started.” He picked it up and sank his teeth into the bun, barely chewing before he swallowed.
Baffled that he had no argument, no excuse, Jesse finally tucked the gun into his pocket and grabbed the half empty bottle of water Ashton had given to him from his pack and twisted the cap, feeling the need to keep his hands busy.
The knife still lingered on the plate, just beyond Jesse’s fingers. He waited until Ashton was licking the last of the oozed ketchup from his fingers.
“So. What’s the story with the tattoo?”
Ashton glanced down at his forearm, his sleeve still rolled up. The sunlight was making his different colored eyes sparkle like gems, but this time they weren’t making Jesse uncomfortable. All he cared about now were the answers those eyes were hiding.
Ashton extended his arm across the table so that the tattoo was fully in the light and pulled the skin taut, like he was seeing it for the first time. RPDV149.
“My member code to the witch’s team.” He released the skin and curled his shoulders, hunkering down in the chair.
“Do the letters and numbers mean anything?”
Ashton looked at the barcode, as though lost in thought. Finally he shook his head. “RPDV stands for Reaper Devolution—your Other. You used to lead us and the skyrunners.”
Jesse’s skin tingled as a gust of wind rattled the leaves of a nearby tree outside on the street just before the restaurant. A flurry of leaves swished in the breeze. “So you’re not a part of it anymore?”
Ashton shook his head.
Jesse glared across the table, unable to read him. Unable to decipher if he was telling the truth.
“The Skychasers,” Jesse murmured, letting the name sink into his brain. “And do they do this often? Kill innocent old people and their descendants for absolutely no reason?”
“They have a reason.”
Jesse squeezed his bottle, the plastic crunching in his fist. “Why? And what would they want with my grandmother?”
“I don’t know.”
“Don’t tell me that. Is it for money, wealth, status? What?”
His fingers flexed in and out on the table. “She knows something. Or, they think she does.”
“About what?”
“Government secrets? Weaponry?”
Jesse scooted forward until his stomach pressed against the table’s edge. “My gran has nothing to do with any weapons. She tells me everything, so if she knew any government secrets or whatever, I’d know. And she doesn’t. Besides, I thought you said they were common criminals. What do they care about that?”
Ashton sighed. “Criminals who think of themselves as…”
“Harbingers of change or whatever.” Jesse gnawed on his lip. “Right. So, what? Are they trying to take down the government or something? Start a war? Have themselves look crueller than the skyrunners?”
Ashton glanced out at the road behind them as vehicles zoomed past, a distant look in his eye. “I don’t know.”
“No, you do know. You’re one of them!”
Ashton smiled, humourlessly. “I was nothing to them, hardly more than an errand boy. I wasn’t let in on any executive plans.”
Jesse folded his arms with a scowl, leaning back in his chair. He didn’t believe him. Ashton had even said himself that only the most important members got tattoos. “Then take an educated guess.”
“Well, I know at one point they stole a lot of weapons. And they want people to be afraid of them.” He shook his head. “Maybe they want to get their hands on military weaponry.”
“My grandma wouldn’t know anything about that. And even if she did before, she wouldn’t know now. She never does anything to do with that.”
Ashton opened his palms wide to Jesse. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what else it could be. Unless you can think of something she may have been involved with.”
“No, I’ve been racking my brain since Tamika told us, but there’s nothing. She was just—she’s my grandma. She lives in New Jersey. She speaks her mind and she doesn’t like being told what to think, but she doesn’t have any enemies, not that I know of. Sure, people in town think she’s a little eccentric, but there’s no one who doesn’t like her. And she’s just an old lady.” He clasped both hands around the water bottle and sighed. “You must know how to find them, at least?”
“Find them? No—it would be suicide.”
He tensed. “It’s not for you to decide.”
Ashton scratched nervously behind his neck. “It’s just… it’s too dangerous. I’m sorry.”
The chair slammed against the ground as Jesse bolted up. “I asked for information, not a lecture. I don’t care how dangerous they are—that’s just one more reason I need to find them! Do you know what they would be doing to her right now if they found her while you’re wasting my time?!”
Ashton’s attention suddenly swivelled back toward the street again and he leaped to his feet.
Jesse turned, his heart landing in his throat when he saw who Ashton had spotted.
The girl with deer antlers from the dining car crept out of the shadows, quiet as a cat. Or rather, a deer. She was still smiling, but it was nothing like that teasing, flirtatious grin he’d seen on her before.
It took Jesse a slow, blank moment to recall her name. Elain.
Twenty
“I’m so sorry if I’ve interrupted you,” Elain said, lingering beneath the awning of the next store beside the restaurant. “The scent was simply too enticing to pass up.” Her eyes were on Ashton as she said this and the twinkle behind them made Jesse’s toes curl in his shoes. Grasping the handle of his gun from his back pocket, he discreetly dragged it out.
“Of course,” Ashton said after a long silence, his voice dark with warning. “We have plenty.”
“Thanks, pal.”
The girl walked around the empty tables, the rest of the restaurant and the street fairly quiet except for them, and she passed by so close to Jesse that he had to shrink away to keep his elbow from brushing her leg. The hairs stood up on his forearms.
Elain took the chair at their table in between the two, lounging as if the whole property were her own private summer home.
After a moment, Ashton settled down across Jesse. Not lounging.
“Ashton, this is Elain,” said Jesse, flushing not only from the awkwardness, but from his anger at her, as well. “I met her on the train.” Wishing he could restructure his emotions into nonchalance, he busied his hands with stabbing his meal with a fork again.
Ashton inched closer to him, as though wanting to keep himself a block between Jesse and Elain.
“We had a lovely conversation in the dining car,” said Elain with a humorous grin. “About… what was it? ‘Sadistic Old-Bag-Murdering Witches?’”
Jesse glared at her. “A topic that never ceases to fascinate me,” he said, tone even as he stabbed a wing with his knife and held it out to her. “Hungry?”
Elain didn’t complain about the bony wing, and Jesse grimaced when she pulled it apart, cartilage popping loudly at the joints.
“Bon appetit,” said Elain, picking at the meat with her nails, juices dripping down her fingers.
Jesse nibbled at his chicken, while his two companions attacked their shares like animals as though neither had eaten for days, yet each keeping a wary eye on the other. Jesse leaned forward. “So, Elain. How did you get away from the train?”
Elain tossed the clean bones of the wing into the trash can behind her, not even looking. It landed with a metallic thump at the bottom. “I might ask you the same.”
He pretended that his heart wasn’t pulsating erratically. “We jumped.”
“Risky,” said Elain with a smirk.
Ashton stiffened. The relaxation that had distinguished his features before was gone, replaced by the simmering temper Jesse had only seen whenever Ashton fought. The tapping fingers, the jostling foot.
“How unfortunate this turn of events has been,” said Elain, ignoring Jesse’s question. “For the skyrunner victim on the train, of course. The beasts are like a plague.”
Jesse adjusted the remains of the breast meat on his plate. “It’s awful. I’m… appreciative that Ashton was with me or I’d probably still be stuck there.”
“Ashton,” said Elain, enunciating it very carefully. “What an unusual name. Did your parents give it to you?”
“Does it matter?” said Ashton, tossing away his wrapper.
“I’m only making conversation.”
“I’d prefer silence,” Ashton said, a growl in his tone.
After a moment in which the distrust was palpable between them, Jesse leaned forward. “Is it my imagination, or do you two know each other?”
Neither denied it. Ashton’s focus was pinned to Elain, a twitch away from attacking her.
Suspicion sliced through Jesse’s thoughts, but not for long before he remembered that both had the same barcode tattoo, and that Elain was obviously still loyal to Ember.
Jesse gripped the gun and raised it at her. “Roll up your sleeve.”
“I beg your pardon,” said Elain, looking at him innocently with big round eyes as she licked the juices dripping down her wrist.
Clambering to his feet, Jesse levelled the barrel at her, and looked at her threateningly. “Now.”
Elain hesitated only a moment. Expression unreadable, she reached for her left wrist and rolled the sleeve past her elbow. A barcode was tattooed across the muscle of her forearm, along with the code ‘RPDV419’ underneath, exactly like Jesse knew it would be.
Anger boiled up inside Jesse, every bit as hot as the sun radiating up above. “Why didn’t you tell me about her, Ashton?” he hissed without taking his focus or the gun off the tattoo on her arm.
For the first time, Elain’s composure stiffened.
“I was hoping to determine why she’s here and why she’d approached you on the train without alarming you,” said Ashton calmly. “Jesse, this is Elain Delmon, and… we used to work together for the witch.”
Jesse swapped his attention between the two. “When I came back to the car in the train, you knew—and you knew she was following us, all this time! How—?” He gaped at Ashton. “Who are you people?”
Hurt flinched across Ashton’s face, but it was Elain who spoke. “What exactly have you told him, partner?”
Ashton stood, forcing Elain to tilt back her head to hold his stare. “He knows I’m no longer a partner to you,” he said. “And he knows that no one with that mark can be trusted.”
Elain smiled at the irony. “Is that all?”
“I know you stole my phone! And my money!” Jesse yelled, startling a flock of birds out of the nearest tree.
Once their flapping had gone quiet, the area settled into a thick hush, no Others around to pay any attention to them, Jesse’s words still ringing. His hand started to shake and he forced it to be still, though Elain continued to sit sprawled and at ease on the chair.
“You’re looking for my Grandmother, and you have my phone,” he said, more slowly this time. “You’re working with Ragnar, for Ember. Aren’t you?” White sparks flashed across Jesse’s vision, and it took all his willpower not to pull the trigger and erase her smugness. “Why are you following us?” he said when the throbbing rage had become a manageable simmer.
He could see Elain calculating her response. Planting her palm on the glass table, Elain pushed herself to standing and brushed off her jeans. “I’ve been sent to retrieve Ashton,” she said, as casually as if she’d been sent to the store for groceries. “Perhaps he didn’t tell you that he and I are part of a team given a special assignment. Ember wants you to return. Now.”
Jesse’s stomach tightened at Elain’s meaningful look, but Ashton’s expression was filled with more distrust and shadows than it had ever been.
“I’m not coming back,” he said firmly. “That witch no longer controls me.”
Elain sniffed. “I doubt that. And you know as well as anyone that we don’t allow our members to leave us.” She rolled her sleeve down over the tattoo. “Though I confess, I haven’t missed not having you around.”
The wind shifted, sending fallen leaves floating down to the pond that replaced the lawn of the restaurant. Jesse was shaking. “You lied to me again, Ashton. You were ranking pretty high when you left, didn’t you?”
Ashton ignored him. “Did you really think it wise to come here, without Ember to protect you?”
“I don’t need the witch’s protection.”
“That would be a first.”
With a raspy scream, Elain suddenly leaped forward, but Ashton ducked out of her reach and reacted with a fist aimed at Elain’s face. Elain blocked, grasping Ashton’s fist and using the drive to spin Ashton around and jump up on his back, locking her elbow around Ashton’s throat. Ashton reached back, grasped Elain’s shoulder, and flipped her over his head.
Elain landed with a solid grunt, her feet smacking the water-lawn. She was up again in a breath.
Jesse’s hand trembled, the gun dancing between the two, his pulse galloping. Elain was shaking with smothered rage, while Ashton was carved from rock, calculating and astute.
“I really do think it’s time for you to return, Ash,” Elain said through clenched teeth.
Ashton shook his head, damp spikes of hair flopping onto his forehead. “You’re never gonna be a match for me.”
“I think you’ll find me somewhat improved.”
Ashton snorted and Jesse sensed he didn’t believe Elain could ever be an undisputable opponent. “Is this why you followed us? You saw your chance to improve your rank—to defeat me away from the group?”
“I told you why I’m here. Ember sent for you. When she finds out about this rebellion of yours—”
Ashton launched at Elain, knocking over a nearby table and pushing her onto her back against the concrete. Elain’s head landed in the water and Jesse heard a sickening crunch as it collided with the hard stones beneath the surface. Jesse shouted and ran toward them, digging his nails into Ashton’s arm.
“No, stop! She might be able to tell us something!”
Ashton’s jaw was clenched as he pulled a fist back and landed a punch to Elain’s face.
“ASHTON! Stop it! Ember! She knows about—Ashton, let her go!”
When he didn’t relent, Jesse fired a warning shot into the air. The echo filled the clearing—but Ashton was unfazed. Elain’s arms stopped flailing, slipped weakly down Ashton’s forearms, and dropped into the water.
“You’re going to kill her!” he screamed. “Ashton! ASHTON!”
As a last burst of bubbles rose up from Elain’s mouth, Jesse stepped back, let out a breath, and pulled the trigger again.
Ashton hissed and fell onto his side. He clasped his hand over his left arm, where blood was already seeping into the cloth of his sleeve. But it wasn’t a deep wound. The bullet had barely grazed him.
He blinked up at Jesse, eyes bigger than they already were. “Did you just shoot me?”
“You didn’t leave me much choice.” With ringing ears, Jesse fell to his knees and heaved Elain up by her shoulders, laying her back down at an awkward angle by the water’s edge. She rolled onto her side, left eye already swelling shut and watered-down blood dripping down her nose and jaw. With a rattling cough, more blood and water spilled out of her mouth, puddling onto the pavement.
Releasing a strangled breath, Jesse glanced back up at Ashton. He hadn’t moved, but his expression had shed the maniacal anger for something akin to high regard.
“When you pointed that gun at me before,” he said, “it’s nice to know you meant it.”
Jesse scowled at him. “Honestly, Ashton. What are you thinking? She could tell us something. She could help get rid of the skyrunners and Ember. And she still has my phone!”
His half smile softened, and for a moment he looked sorry. For him. “She won’t talk.”
“How do you know?”
“I know.”
“That’s not a good enough answer!”
“Watch your gun.”
“Wha—” He dropped his gaze to the shore beside him, just in time to see Elain wrap her dainty fingers around the gun’s handle. Jesse grasped the barrel and snatched it away from her.
An exhausted chuckle brought more bloodied spittle to Elain’s lips. “I will kill you one day, Ashton. If Ember doesn’t first.”
“Stop provoking him!” Jesse yelled. Climbing to his feet, out of Elain’s reach, he reset the safety and shoved the gun back into the back pocket of his jeans. “You’re not exactly in any position to be making threats right now, anyway.”
Elain said nothing. Her eyes had closed, her lips left hanging open with a smear of blood on her cheek, taking in slow, rattling breaths.
Disgusted, he turned back to Ashton, watching as he peeled his hand away from his wound and stared with surprise at the blood coating his palm. He leaned over on his elbow and swished his hand around in the water to get the stain off.
With a sigh, Jesse scrambled to his forgotten bag by their toppled table and pulled out a small first-aid kit that Zander had packed him. Ashton didn’t argue as he ripped open the tear in his sleeve caused by the bullet and took over the job of washing and bandaging the wound. The bullet had just grazed his bicep.
“I’m sorry I shot you,” he said, “but you were going to kill her.”
“I still might,” Ashton said, watching his hands.
He shook his head, taping off the bandage. Jesse peered up at the wild contempt filling Ashton’s face. His yellow eye was burning, staring at Elain’s prone body behind him.
“Good.”
The ferocity in his voice startled away some of his hatred and Ashton turned his attention back to him.
“You must know her weaknesses. You’ll know how best to question her.”
That sympathetic look again. “We’re trained to withstand questioning. She won’t help us.”
“But she already gave us some information.” Packing up the remains of the kit, he tossed it toward his bag. It missed the opening and slid down to the ground. “She obviously knows something.”
Ashton shook his head, but Jesse detected a clouding in his eyes. “She told us what she wanted us—me—to know. Or to believe. I wouldn’t put stock in any of it.”
“How can you be sure?”
His fingers started up again—clench, release, clench. “I know Elain. She would do anything to improve her rank. By tracking me down and forcing me to return—or even showing proof that she’d fought me and won—she hoped to do just that.”
“What about Ember?”
He shook off a troubled frown. “Right. We should keep moving.” He tested the strength in his injured arm before using it to push himself to his feet.
“That’s not what I meant,” said Jesse, staying put by Elain. “Shouldn’t we at least try to question her about Ember?”
“Jesse, listen to me. Does she know something that would help? Yes, probably. But she won’t give it to us. Unless you plan on torturing it out of her, and even then there’s nothing you could do that would frighten her more than what Ember will do if she talks. We already know where Ember is. Dealing with her is a waste of time.”
“What if we brought her with us and offered her as a trade?” he suggested, watching as Ashton reloaded the bag. “Elain for the safety of Others everywhere. Right?”
Ashton laughed. “A trade? For her?” He gestured at Elain. “She’s worth nothing in comparison to what Ember truly wants.” Though his temper could be heard just beneath the surface, Jesse was glad that the temporary insanity was gone from his eyes.
“And my phone?” Jesse asked, standing up. “She probably has it on her.”
Ashton sighed and hesitated before moving toward Elain again. “Fine. Can’t leave without your precious phone. How silly of me to forget, huh?” he crouched next to her with sarcasm in his tone.
Jesse watched Ashton study Elain for a mere five seconds without having to even touch her, before making a face. “Found it.”
“Where? Grab it!” Jesse demanded.
Ashton glanced at him as though silently asking why he was doing this to him, before sighing and reaching underneath the top of her shirt, and pulling it out.
Jesse stared at it for a moment before slowly taking it from him. “How did… how did you know it was there?”
Ashton silently stood, staring down at his shoes. “…One was slightly… disfigured… than the other.”
Jesse chuckled and turned on his phone, grateful that it still worked. He immediately began typing away at it, Ashton standing awkwardly next to him, one hand in his pocket.
He looked up at Ashton, a sympathetic smile and a sigh coming from him as he came closer and shoved his phone into Ashton’s hand.
Ashton’s head first snapped down at the phone in his hand, then up at Jesse in surprise and confusion. “What are you doing?”
“Go ahead. Have a look.” Jesse shoved his hands into his own pockets. “I owe you one for getting it for me, after all.”
The phone was still lying on its face in Ashton’s hand, and he held his gaze with Jesse’s questionably. “You’re sure? You know you don’t have to, right? I mean, if the stuff on this thing is so important to you, then—”
“Hey, I want you to.” Jesse interrupted him, turning the phone over so that the screen looked up at him. “Now don’t make me regret it, okay?”
Ashton hesitated, then half-smiled when his curiosity got the better of him, and finally looked at what was on the phone that Jesse had spent so much time simply staring at.
It was a photo. But not just any photo; it was one of Jesse, probably aged thirteen crouched next to a girl in a wheelchair with his shiny new prosthetic. He looked so much happier, youthful, his face glowing.
Ashton recognized the girl sitting in the wheelchair almost immediately. She had the exact same face as Jesse, down to the freckle. Only, she had a pair of red-framed glasses, and her long orange hair was tied back in a ponytail. She was leaning to her side and resting her head on the top of Jesse’s, smiling widely and showing off her neon-green braces.
But then Ashton saw it—her pale, papery skin, the dark circles around her eyes, and how sickeningly skinny she was, almost like a barely alive skeleton. And suddenly her smile began to look practiced and fake.
“That was the last picture we ever took together.” Hysteria worked its way up Jesse’s throat. “Me and my twin sister, Jimmee, about a month before she died.”
Ashton swallowed the lump that had formed in his throat. He handed the phone back to Jesse, who shut it off and tucked it back into his pocket.
“Jesse… listen, I’m sorry.” Ashton released a breath, not knowing what else to say.
“Don’t worry about it,” Jesse sighed. “You know, when we were born, the doctors accidentally got our birth certificates mixed up, and so our names that our parents had planned for us were switched around.”
Ashton looked at him with a smile. “Really? That’s ridiculous.”
Jesse nodded with a grin. “Yup. Our parents were hippies, so they decided to leave it be. Her full name was Jameson Arthur Tynan.”
Ashton bit his lip, trying not to laugh at him. “… And yours?”
Jesse’s face flushed. “If I tell you, you’ve gotta promise me that you wont repeat it to anyone. Got it?”
Ashton nodded, his grin stretching.
Jesse took a deep breath. “Jessica Amelia Tynan.”
This time, Ashton couldn’t help but let a small snicker escape. Jesse shot him a look before glancing over at Elain. She still hadn’t moved a single muscle. “You don’t think she’s listening, do you?”
“To what?” Ashton grinned with a shrug, sarcasm glinting in his eye. “I know I didn’t hear anything. What were we talking about, anyway? I seem to have forgotten.”
“Okay, okay, don’t overdo it,” Jesse punched his good arm with a laugh.
He looked back at Elain before they began walking. “She’ll go back to them,” Jesse said, “and tell them what happened.”
“Doesn’t matter.” Slinging the pack over his shoulder, Ashton spared a final scornful look at his old teammate. “We’ll be gone before they can find us.”

Twenty-One
“I thought I told you that the direct approach wasn’t gonna work, Elain.”
“I thought I was pretty lucky. I mean, it was only a minor black eye,” Elain answered Ragnar softly from on top of the examination bed, stitching herself up quickly and precisely as though she did this sort of thing all the time.
Their only source of light from within the medical unit of the headquarters was a silver moon lingering in the clear sky of the Shadow Realm. It was a rare and precious sight, as most often the purple and blue streaked atmosphere was masked in black clouds. It was always raining.
“Yeah, sure,” Ragnar crossed his eyes and turned away from her to peer out the window, the moonlight casting his shadow across the wooden floorboards. “I’ve seen him kill an undefeated skyrunner with his bare hands, and that one looked like a ten foot tall spider. If it weren’t for that kid shooting him, you would have died.”
“Just goes to show,” Elain said, “that we’ve gotta play our cards right, Raggy.”
“Don’t call me that.”
Elain set the needle and thread down and hopped off the examination table, turning her head to examine the deep cut on her shoulder. “Damn. He seriously drilled me hard into those rocks under the pond back there.”
“Okay, honestly, what makes you think I care?” Ragnar spun around to face her, his anger concealed behind his visor. “If Ember finds out, we’re fucked. She’ll never trust me with these sorts of missions again. And it’ll be your entire fault. So let’s quit screwing around and figure something out.”
Elain sighed, leaning against one of the countertops against the far wall with her arms crossed. Ragnar ignored her look and tuned to pace, to get the juices flowing. There had to be something they could try. A way to lure them into a trap without it being expected or done before. It would be utterly impossible to track them down again in the Water District, though. He didn’t know how Elain managed the first time. And with the Aqua Festival happening in one day, the Water District would be even busier than usual.
Every time there was a holiday or a special event, a district would host an event of festivity for everyone who celebrated it. Sometimes the Forest District would host it, and sometimes the Fire District. It was different for every event. This time around the Water District was hosting it, and it was called the Aqua Festival.
Then, an idea hit him hard. “I’ve got it!” Ragnar exclaimed.
Elain raised a brow and grinned at him. “Wow. I’m surprised you actually came up with something yourself.”
Ragnar hunched his shoulders, glaring at her, to which Elain replied with a giggle.
“Okay, just spill it already,” Elain set her palm on the counter and began tapping her fingers in an impatient rhythm.
Ragnar sighed in annoyance before answering. “You know about the Aqua Festival, correct?”
Elain grinned, silently asking if he really had to ask. “Yeah. Sounds like it’s gonna be my kind of party.”
Ragnar sighed. “Anyways, my plan will involve a phone, a specific doctor, disguises—”
“Dude, what the heck?”
Ragnar clenched his fists at the interruption. “Would you just listen?!” Elain clamped her mouth shut and watched him attentively. “We’re also going to need assistance from Ember. We’re going to need her powers.”
“But will she even want to?” Elain said. “I thought this was our assignment!” Then she smiled and shook her head. Ragnar knew she should feel ridiculous. Of course Ember would help them get Jesse and Ashton. She’d spent weeks searching and preparing just to get this far. She’d jump at the chance.
“Okay, we’ll ask her. She’ll be all for it, I’m sure,” Elain looked out the window again, at the huge moon. “Just tell me one thing; what’re we gonna do?”
Ragnar grinned, though he knew she couldn’t see him. “You’ve got Jesse’s phone number, right?”
She took out an iPhone with a smile and began pressing buttons. “Of course. I also did some tampering with it. You know, the basics: a tracking system, made a copy of everything he had saved on it, all the good stuff.”
“Perfect. We should get started if we’re ever going to finish this. I’ll explain on the way. Where we’re going isn’t too far from here.”

Night crept up fast. The forest leaned in toward them, a solid wall of shadows beneath the dim spotlight of a waning moon.
Ashton settled down on the park bench and his ticking legs switched to a new rhythm, alternating in time with each other. Unable to take it, Jesse reached over from his place next to him and firmly pressed his palm onto one knee, forcing his bouncing leg to still. Ashton skittered at the touch.
“You’re driving me crazy,” Jesse said, pulling back. Ashton’s legs stayed still—for the time, at least—but his surprise lingered on him. “So why did you leave the witch and the Skychasers?”
His attention swept back to the waves, their distant crashing and rocking somehow soothing. “At first I just wanted to get away. It was after I watched one of those skyrunners feast off the remains of an innocent kid when it hit me—why was I even there? I was helping them get skyrunners to kill people. So during one of my last assignments I intentionally strayed from my partner and took a train straight to the Light District. I went months without hearing a thing from the witch. And then it was just the two of us, me and my dad, and we were relatively happy, until I met this doctor. Dr. Ivan, he was called.”
Jesse nodded. “Yeah?”
“Well, we…we chatted,” Ashton started, his fingers beginning to unintentionally clench and unclench, “and he offered me a job to come to the Shadow District to help him find a cure to stop the skyrunners from spawning. I was a little nervous on taking him up on his offer at first because by going to the Shadow District I’d be way too close to the witch’s headquarters, but… if it meant reduced negativity and not a single skyrunner ever again, then… well, you saw those things. I felt it was my obligation.”
“I see.” Jesse leaned back against the table. “When did you first learn how to fight so well?”
Ashton closed his eyes with a sigh, thinking back. “I’ve been fighting all my life, but I decided to take it more seriously when I was twelve.”
Jesse slid his attention back to him. Ashton opened his eyes again and was staring straight ahead at the ocean almost thirty feet away from them, at nothing.
“To kill off more negative emotions, right?”
“I wanted to feel happiness. To feel good about myself. I’d only been starting to feel weighted down by the pressures and changes of becoming a teenager for a few months, but it became clear very fast that if you don’t fight, if you can’t defend yourself against the negativity, then you’re nothing. Otherwise you get tormented and ridiculed … you practically become a servant to the negativity, and there’s nothing you can do about it. The only way to prevent the negativity is to fight. And to win. That’s why I do it. That’s why I’m good at it. And even though I myself can’t spawn those things… I don’t know. But they’re always around, so I’ve always got some sort of negativity to fight, though it isn’t mine.”
Jesse’s brow had knit together so tight it was beginning to ache, but he couldn’t relax as he listened. “But…you’re so careless all the time, telling jokes and laughing everything off. And I’ve never even seen you spawn a skyrunner before. Why would you feel that need to fight so well like that? Isn’t experiencing no negativity a too sheltered life?”
Ashton ruffled his hair with a fist, making it even messier than usual. “That isn’t why I’m telling you this,” he said, his tone calmer now, but still discouraged. “It won’t even matter once I get to the Shadow District, but it seemed important for you to know why I do it.”
Jesse gulped. He bit his lip, feeling something akin to guilt. It was easy to forget the risk Ashton was taking when all he could think of was protecting his grandma from the witch and the Skychasers. Sure, Ashton may have gotten out of the gang, but now he was going right back to them.
“Thank you for agreeing to help me in the first place,” he said after a long silence. “No one else was exactly lining up to help.”
Ashton shrugged stiffly. “There are rules that come with being a member of the witch’s team, you know. One is that you’ll cut all ties with people from your past, including your family. Especially your family.”
Jesse shook his head, baffled. “But if you had a good home life, why did you even join them in the first place?”
“I wasn’t given a choice.” He scratched behind his ear. “My brother wasn’t given one either when they came for him. All I know is that I spent half my life with the Skychasers. I don’t remember what we did, or how everything went down, or even if I was born there. One day I was escaping and making friends with Ragnar, the next she was back and she took us both. I spent another few years there, with Ragnar. But then… I don’t know, we got adopted one way or another and we lived with this guy, but leaving the witch never seemed to bother me like it bothered Ragnar…” He trailed off, thoughts running through his head. “It’s complicated. And it doesn’t matter anymore.”
Jesse frowned. It was unfathomable to him that you wouldn’t have a choice to live that lifestyle, to leave your home and family, to join a violent gang after something so traumatic happening like that.
He sighed and decided to change the subject. “So I guess this is the closest to a bed we’re gonna get, huh?” he said as he leaned his elbows back on the table behind him.
“Well at least it’s quiet,” Ashton answered with a careless shrug. “And it’s fairly warm, so I think we’ll be fine. The sooner we can get to sleep, the better. Tomorrow we’ll go to the nearest transport station. We’ll get you on your way back to Earth so you can protect your Gran. Make sure she doesn’t get any sudden heart attacks or anything. And I’ll go to the Shadow Realm, create the cure, save the world. Easy, right?” His laugh was hollow.
“Right,” Jesse said before yawning and getting up to sit on the bench on the other side of the table across from Ashton. “G’night.”
Ashton switched to a laying-down position on the bench. He rolled his shoulders and shut his eyes, hoping the uncomfortable wood beneath him wouldn’t give him a sore back in the morning. The gravel didn’t look much better. “Night.”
Jesse fell asleep in no time, though Ashton lay awake for nearly an hour before finally dozing off.
He dreamt of fire again. The screaming, burning bodies dragging themselves along the hot coals, his adoptive father shouting at him again, accusing him. People actually becoming those horrible skyrunners.
And then, a terrible burning piercing the center of his one good eye, like a hot needle stabbing through his retina.
Ashton screamed and shot up on the bench, his hand flying to his eye, heart pounding so loudly and almost painfully that it felt like his chest might explode.
He closed his eyes and rested his elbows on his knees, running his fingers through his hair and doing his best to take deep, controlled breaths to soothe his beating heart.
He glanced over at Jesse, who only grunted in his sleep and rolled over. Ashton sighed in relief at dodging another explanation, let alone how unpleasant Jesse would be if he had been woken up like that.
If Ashton could spawn skyrunners, he probably would have just created thirty right then and there. But the mendorphins were at work, killing off the fiendorphins before they could come together to create such a beast. They always did, and he would have felt grateful, if only he knew why he was like this. And it wasn’t like he never experienced any negativity. He did, but it never lasted. Then again, he didn’t like it lasting anyways, and would always set off to feel good again. He was dying to know why he was like this.
Almost on cue, the vibration of a phone rattled his eardrums to a start, and Ashton looked around the table in surprise.
A small light was blinking in the pack by Jesse’s feet on the other side of the table, and Ashton realized that it must have only been Jesse’s phone.
“Jesse,” Ashton turned around and leaned over the table, trying to wake Jesse. “Hey, Jess! Your phone!”
Jesse groaned. “Just go to sleep. I’ll check it in the morning, okay?” he replied groggily. And in a blink, he was snoring again.
The phone began vibrating again, and Ashton knew that he’d never be able to get back to sleep with that annoying buzzing. He tried his best to ignore it and lay back down again, until the phone piped up a third time with its riling buzzing.
Ashton huffed and abandoned the hard bench to stoop down to the bag and snatch up the phone.
He was about to turn it off until he read that it was a video-chat request from an unknown caller. With a yawn he hit ignore and shut the phone off, then tucked it back into the pack.
Before he could lie back down on the bench, the phone began vibrating once again, much to his dismay. With a frustrated grumble, Ashton got up again and checked the phone. The same video-chat caller was there again.
The caller seemed to be expecting Ashton would try turning the phone off again, and so it automatically accepted the call itself.
A brief wave of panic washed over Ashton before relief set in when he saw who was on the screen.
“Chris!” Ashton shouted. He could hear Jesse rolling over in his sleep and clamped a hand over his mouth. Dr. Ivan was in a dark room littered with computer screens and control panels in the background. Ashton didn’t know he’d be this glad to see him, and proceeded in a whisper. “Dude, what the heck? How’d you find me? You’ve got no idea how freaked out you got me—”
“Yes, yes, yes,” Dr. Ivan interrupted him with a hasty wave of his hand. “Listen, I apologize for the inconvenience, along with the start I gave you, but I’ve uncovered some information that I must share with you. I hacked into your phone and accepted the call. It’s an emergency. Is now a bad time?”
“Well, if you count the fact that it’s the middle of the night, then yes.” Ashton said. “How did you find me, anyway?”
“We’ll have to save that for another time. And for the record, it’s only about six-thirty in the morning.”
Ashton rolled his eyes and stood up. Six-thirty was early for him, though he knew that he wasn’t going to get any more sleep anyways. “Can we chat somewhere else?” he asked. “Hold on. Let me just get away from the table.”
Ashton began to make his way as quietly as possible toward the shore, where hopefully the sound of the waves would mask their conversation from travelling to Jesse’s ears, should he be awake and silently listening in.
“Do you mind explaining why you aren’t here yet?” Chris was tapping his fingers on his desk impatiently, giving Ashton a not-impressed look. “It’s been nearly a week. When you called and told me that you’d agreed to do the surgery and make the cure, you forgot to mention that you had to pick up a friend.”
“He’s not really a friend, okay?” Ashton paused briefly to look out at the waves. The sun was beginning to rise, casting an orange glow over the place. It was almost peaceful. “It’s a long story. I got a little side-tracked, okay? I promise I’ll be on my way to the Shadow District tomorrow.”
“That’s good to hear, Ashton. I’m growing impatient.” Chris glared. “The whole Otherworld is.”
Ashton took a deep breath. He hated all this stress, all this pressure. But he’d feel guilty if he just simply abandoned Jesse like that. “I promise I’ll be there,” he said. “Now, you mentioned you found out a bunch of stuff?”
Chris nodded and began shuffling papers around his desk and took out his portable screen, the same one he’d shown Ashton when he’d discovered his immunity. “Yes. You see, I’ve been looking over your scans recently, and I believe we may have encountered an issue.”
Ashton’s stomach dropped. “A problem? What kind of problem?”
Chris glanced at him before continuing, reading off the tablet. “Well, you’ve got cancerous cells that could create a tumour in your eye,” he pointed to the digital copy of the inside of Ashton’s head in the tabet. “And if we wait too long or are not careful, then the tumours could spread to your brain. And you understand why we can’t have that, don’t you?”
Ashton nodded, and suddenly felt sick to his stomach. “Right. Because when you extract my brain to get that cure, it can’t be a brain with cancer.”
“Exactly my point.” Chris set the device down beside him on his desk. “You haven’t been feeling anything unusual? Any symptoms?”
“Well, maybe brief flashes of light and occasional distortion, but nothing I’d call serious,” Ashton explained. And a pain in the center of my eye while I’m dreaming. In his nightmare, the fire always seemed to be hottest in his head, the flames licking at his eye. The unrelenting pain, like a hot coal had gotten inside his retina. He shuddered, remembering his father in last night’s dream, crying and screaming, blaming Ashton for what had become of him.
Dr. Ivan was watching him, tapping his tablet against his lips.
Ashton squirmed. “I’ve had eye cancer before, but it was only major in my left eye. I had it removed when I was really little before it could spread to my brain. You don’t think… you don’t think I could have gotten it again in my other eye, do you?”
Chris puckered his lips. “Well. Surviving cancer cells have become evident again on evaluation. Usually after surgery, in your case it would be removing your eye, cancer cell levels in the blood decrease and eventually become almost undetectable. But yes, I do believe it is quite possible that your cancer could start acting up again. Of course, right now it isn’t much of a problem. According to my device, of this x-ray we took of you a few weeks ago, a tumour hasn’t surfaced yet.”
But that had been weeks ago. What if a tumour was growing in his eye right now? His very last eye. Though Chris tried to make it sound like it was no big deal, Ashton was having difficulties believing it was as simple as he made it out to be. “If it does become a problem, you’ll have to take it out before it can spread to my brain, right? That’ll make me blind.”
Chris tapped his fingers on his desk, creating a hollow echo sound. He suddenly looked back up at Ashton as though he’d just remembered something. “Radiation therapy.”
Ashton blinked at him. “Huh?”
“Radiation therapy is the use of high-energy x-rays or other particles to kill cancer cells. Surely you knew about it?”
He nodded. “Yeah. I wanted that done before when I was first diagnosed, but my tumour had gotten too bad before we could. But… can you really perform radiation therapy?”
“I am a trained radiation oncologist after all, among many other things. We could get that done for your eye before the tumour starts to grow and spread, though it probably wouldn’t matter, as I will have to kill you anyway when I extract your brain,” Chris shook his head. “Then again, it would be pointless to have to remove your eye when nothing has happened yet. Just make sure you get to the Shadow District by tomorrow. Or rather… yes, this could work.”
“Or what could work?” Ashton leaned forward.
“I could have a company vehicle pick you up tonight.” Chris rested his elbows on the desk, the glare of the screen reflecting in his glasses. Ashton could see his reflection. “They’re usually reserved for emergency use only, and so it never occurred to me. I didn’t expect there to be much of an issue in getting to the Shadow District. The Light District is so close by. And now you’ve gotten yourself all the way into the Water District. Really, Ashton, what were you thinking?”
Ashton sighed. “It’s a long story. But, I did know I wanted to leave everyone while they were happy. As if it would make my decision easier. But even still, I just left my dad without even saying goodbye. He’d never have let me go through with this anyway, but still. I’ve got my regrets.”
Chris was watching with a pained look in his eyes. He sighed and sat back in his chair. “Ashton, think for a second. Think about the whole world. Think about the skyrunners. If we could get rid of those things out there, you’d still be making everyone immensely happy. And so many more people would be immensely grateful to you. You don’t have much time, Ashton. You know that.”
“But I can’t just forget about my friends like that,” Ashton looked up at the sky, trying to settle on a way of fixing this. A good conclusion for everyone.
Bright ribbons of red and gold streaked across the morning sky, the sun glowing in the distance reflecting off the waves, and Ashton smiled. It almost felt like the universe was encouraging him. Filling him up with hope. He closed his eyes and drank it all in.
“Ashton? Are you still there?” Chris asked from the phone.
Ashton lifted the phone again, briefly forgetting that he had lowered it while lost in his thoughts. “I’ve got a plan. Today I’ll set Jesse up with a ride so he can travel back himself, and I’ll be free to follow whatever plan you’ve got to get me to the Shadow District.”
Chris nodded, smiling for what was probably the first time since they started the conversation. Though Ashton picked up a hint of greed and insanity in the doctor’s look, he hardly paid any attention to it.
“I’ll send my assistant to come retrieve you at midnight. The Aqua Festival begins that time, and I want you to go meet her there undetected. We’ll say you were at the festival and ate something poisonous and must be taken away immediately if anyone asks. Otherwise, within all the excitement, you may be able to leave without any notice. It’s simple and all quite straight forward if you stick to the plan and don’t get caught up in another mess. Agreed?” Chris’s eyes widened, extra magnified behind his glasses, and Ashton nodded.

Twenty-Two
“Wake up, sleepy head!” Ashton slugged Jesse in the shoulder, nearly pushing him off the bench into the gravel below him.
He managed to catch himself just before colliding into the ground and gripped the bench with one hand, then lowered himself down with control. He was seeing spots and he felt dizzy from the rude awakening.
“Dude, what the hell!” said Jesse, rubbing his shoulder. “Do you have any idea—”
“We’re getting you a car!” Ashton spread his arms out as if to emphasize his excitement.
Jesse blinked up at him, shielding his eyes from the blinding sun behind him. A sunrise was fading, a blue sky washing over the faint gold and red colors. “Huh?”
“A car, stupid!” Ashton grabbed Jesse’s elbow and yanked him to his feet with a jerk. “One you can take straight back to Earth!”
“Wait, I just woke up,” Jesse glared at him, rubbing his eyes. “Why am I leaving so soon?” his eyes fell to Ashton’s fist, which was holding his phone. “And why do you have my phone?”
Ashton examined the phone in his hand as though he’d forgotten he’d had it, then tossed it back to him. “Right. Just got off the phone with the doctor I’m supposed to work with to make the cure. There’s been a change of plans. He’s gonna send me an emergency vehicle tonight to pick me up and take me straight to the Shadow District. He’s getting impatient, and I guess I’m taking too long. So we’re gonna snag you a car today, you’re gonna break into the Skyrunner’s Water District Headquarters, drive at full speed in a straight line until your surroundings blur and become Earth, and you’re golden. Sound good? It’ll take no time. The hardest part will be finding you a car that drives.”
Jesse scooped up the pack and pocketed his phone, then slung it over his shoulder. “But… I’m an awful driver.”
Ashton laughed at him, and to Jesse’s surprise, grabbed his arm and started pulling him along behind him, away from the beach. “Don’t be ridiculous. It’s just a matter of hitting the gas and keeping in a straight line. Sound easy enough?”
Jesse yanked his arm back in exasperation, but continued following behind him. “Well, I guess.”
Ashton glanced over his shoulder at him with a humorous smile as they passed the gate and continued down the sidewalk. “You’ll be fine, trust me. It’s super easy. Just do what I say, and you’ll be back home to your grandmother before supper time. It’ll be a blast!”
Jesse sighed, irritated at how easy and simple everything seemed to be to Ashton. He was thrilled to finally be leaving the Otherworld. He couldn’t deny that, but he was also feeling butterflies in his stomach. Nervous butterflies, that is, flittering dizzily and frantically. Jesse supposed that, in a way, he was disappointed to leave the Otherworld so soon, which confused even him. Despite all the fighting, killing, the constant loss, and all the trouble he’d gotten into from the moment he’d first set foot in this place, the whole journey had been an astonishing and memorable experience.
He hated himself for feeling so mushy and actually hesitant to leave, but he had a very important person waiting for him. Someone he couldn’t just forget about. Suddenly the thought to stay here a second longer disgusted him, but at the same time sounded just fine. To just simply stay and fight the skyrunners while an alternate version of himself remained on Earth dealing with life and people and school. It sounded like a dream.
Or, was it more complex than that?
Jesse dismissed the thought for now and instead focussed on his questions, like how Ashton expected them to find a car so quickly.
“So, uh, where do you plan on finding a car?” Jesse shoved his hands in his pockets, avoiding eye-contact with the other civilians roaming past him, like he always did.
“The junkyard, of course. Where else?” Ashton smirked. “What, did you think I was just made of money, or something? I’ve almost maxed out my credit card.”
“The junkyard?” Jesse scrunched his nose, as though he’d gotten a whiff of something tainted. “You can’t be serious.”
“What’s wrong with the junkyard?” Ashton shrugged in the same way he would as if he did this sort of thing all the time.
“Ashton, nothing we find there is gonna drive. Why don’t we just wait until the public transport is open? We might get in trouble for doing this. Does it seriously matter?”
Ashton smiled and shook his head. “Do you even hear yourself? Come on, you have to start thinking positive. If we’re careful, we’ll be fine. Also? A lot can happen in one day. Need I give references? You’re in the freaking Otherworld, for crying out loud! Besides, I thought you and the “public” weren’t exactly on good terms right now. I’m surprised you’ve lasted this long, actually.” Ashton raised a brow with a smirk. Jesse had no response to that, and instead walked on in silence. “This is what you want, isn’t it?”
Jesse looked at him. “Huh?”
“To go home and pretend like none of this ever happened, right?” Ashton wasn’t exactly glaring, but he wasn’t humorous. “Hey, you said it. Screamed it, really. To my face. That all of this was just a waste of time. Didn’t you? Well, now I’m giving you what you were just previously demanding from me. Just go home and hide from the world, am I right?”
Jesse nearly choked on a breath. He was enraged Ashton said that to him, a thousand snappy comebacks suddenly popping into his head, but in a second his anger was quickly replaced by a striking realization. Did he really want that?
Jesse swallowed down any doubt he’d just had. There was simply no way that meeting a bunch of people he hardly even knew and watch their negativity come alive and pick away at them would change him so quickly and easily like that. People only dragged him down. They always would. And that would never change. Not again.
He gave a stiff nod, deciding to end the conversation. “Of course.”
They said nothing more, and for the next block they walked in silence. He didn’t know how, but Ashton seemed to know exactly where he was going, already about five paces ahead of him.
Except, he didn’t know where the junkyard was. They argued about stopping for directions, but eventually stopped anyway, and were soon off in the correct direction.
The junkyard was nestled just on the outskirts, which wasn’t too far from the beach. The old place smelled of garbage and rust, which made Jesse’s eyes water. But at least it smelled better than it looked.
“Found one!” Ashton called. He darted off toward the body of a rusted truck, surrounded by piles of debris.
Jesse kicked a broken headlight out of his path on his way over, far less enthusiastic than Ashton was. He was sure that even up close the truck wasn’t going to be more than a pile of rusted junk.
Ashton caressed the hood. The truck’s dome-shaped body was a sickly brownish-orange shade, a color that Jesse never would have chosen himself, but with the antique style of the vehicle it bordered on charming. One of the back windows were missing, but the seats were intact, although mildew-covered, torn in places, and probably home to more than just a few rodents. The steering wheel and dash seemed to have suffered only mild damage over the years.
“This could probably be your escape vehicle!” Ashton rounded to the driver’s side and scrubbed the dirt from the window with his sleeve.
Jesse snorted. “This hunk of metal wouldn’t drive to the nearest exit and back. Plus, we couldn’t afford the fuel. I’m not getting in that thing. There’s probably decades’ worth of rodent droppings under those seats.”
He watched Ashton unlatch the truck’s hood and lift it up on the prop rod as though he hadn’t heard him. “Ah, good. It hasn’t been scavenged.”
“Well, why would anyone even think to rummage through this thing?” Jesse rolled his eyes and stepped away, distracting himself with the surrounding piles of junk. An old toaster, a broken fridge, a pile of screen doors, broken toys, and even a stack of flooring tiles. Nothing that piqued his interest.
“Man,” Ashton muttered when he was able to examine the engine. “This thing is ancient.”
“It is in a junkyard,” said Jesse.
“I’m serious. It’s like the present-version of the truck my dad would have owned when he was your age.” Ashton ran a hand over a rubber cable, ignoring Jesse’s sneer.
Jesse shoved his hands into his pockets and kicked at a rusted aerosol can. “But how are you so sure that this’ll work?”
“Well, it seems fairly intact,” he murmured, running his fingertips along a cluster of wires. He followed them with his eye, tilting his head to trace the path from hoses to pulleys to axels, trying to figure out how it all worked. How it fit together. “It’ll take no time to fix. And I’m sure we’ll figure out the fuel thing.”
“How did you learn how to repair vehicles like this?” Jesse said.
Ashton straightened and wiped his hands on his pants, peering down into the engine’s lower compartment. “Oh, you know. School courses, for one. I kinda’ enjoyed it, but it’s not like repairing vehicles would be a hobby or anything. Plus, my dad is obsessed with traveling and road trips. We’ve had a few accidents on the road, but nothing serious. He always got me to help.”
“Your dad must love vehicles, then.”
“He actually works as a real estate agent,” Ashton stretched before giving the body of the car a good look-over. “This is so cool.”
“I’m bored,” said Jesse. “Can we go now, please? Besides, I’m tired of skipping meals like this. I’m ravenous.”
Ashton sighed. “Fine,” he shut the hood with a bang, sending an impressive dust cloud up into the air. “I thought all the surviving vehicles of thirty years ago would be in a museum by now.”
“I’m not sure I would label this as a ‘survivor’,” said Jesse, his expression darkening with disgust. “It looks more like a rotting pumpkin.”
“Oh, come on,” Ashton said. “With some attention and a good cleaning, it could be restored to its former glory.”
“Let’s just go, already. We’ll come back for the truck later,” Jesse didn’t wait for Ashton before starting off toward the exit. “This stench is probably sticking to our clothes. As if we didn’t stink enough.”

Ragnar had to snag a spare map of the fairgrounds to find his way to the exit. His nerves were on edge; with the witch, with Elain, with everything. He felt like an imposter roaming the dirt paths with his head bent, face hidden behind his visor from the surrounding fish-like workers and volunteers of the Water District. Even if he was pretending to be a volunteer now. One on a secret mission, that is.
He passed a small wooden booth—complete with water-balloons and a bin of darts to pop them with, and stuffed dolls on the overhead shelf as prizes—and froze, his gaze catching on what seemed to glow beyond the cliff behind the booth.
The view of the city.
From ground level, the Water District was a mess, at least in his opinion—too many buildings crammed into too little space, the streets barely tended, random trees with their roots trapped in spherical bubbles that he just found weird.
But from here, atop the cliff, the city was striking. The sun was high, and its light resonated off glass skyscrapers and silver-tinted roofs. Ragnar could see the constant movement of huge screens and flashing blimps advertising the Aqua Festival as they darted between the buildings. From here, the city hummed with life.
His awe slipped away.
Soon he would have to go back, after he and Elain completed their assignments. Back to the witch’s headquarters. Back to what had once been his sanctuary, but what now felt like his prison.
After being cooped up in the dark and disheartening Shadow District under Ember’s constant watch to going out into the light again, even if it was for the witch, had filled him with the nostalgia of having lived in a simpler, brighter time. But everyone who worked for the witch most likely came from pasts like those. It was Others like them who became slaves to their negativity, and ended up helping a witch get revenge. But then no matter how much they dreamed of a brighter future, they remained chained to their negativity and couldn’t let go. Though they had some control of enforcing the skyrunners, Ragnar knew that it was really Ember and the skyrunners who controlled them. It sickened him to think about it, how weak he felt to be trapped under the witch’s hold.
But he had nowhere else to go.
He balled his fists.
He had to go back. Though, to say that he wouldn’t stay long felt like he’d be perjuring himself. Ember had made it quite clear during the time she gave them their assignment that she saw Ragnar and the rest of the members as worthless, a pack of burdens. She’d had no worries dismissing him when she found a worthwhile means to do it, a way that could keep her free of guilt because, after all, they needed to find Molly. They had to capture Jesse and kill Ashton.
And maybe she’d been right to do it. Maybe it did make sense to want to force her hatred and revenge on those who had hurt her. But Ragnar knew he would never forgive Ember for it. The girl was supposed to be the one to protect him, to help him. If Ember and her team were his only family left, he would be better off alone.
He had to get away. But he had no idea how he was going to do it.
A flying fist landed in his shoulder. Before Ragnar could grab whoever it was behind him by the throat and throw them over his head, the jingle of the familiar teasing laughter he’d been paired with quickly followed, and Ragnar gritted his teeth before turning around.
Elain had her fists planted on her hips. “As if a biker-looking dude showing up to ‘volunteer’ wasn’t suspicious enough, and now you’re not doing anything productive?” Elain clapped in front of his face, as though trying to get his attention. “Come on, come on! We have less than ten hours to get this place up and running! Let’s move it!”
Ragnar crossed his arms. “I think you may be taking this pretend volunteering thing a little too seriously. And where’s Ember? Wasn’t she supposed to meet us, or something?”
“Yeah, she just got back from snagging us some disguises,” said Elain. “None for you, though, like you asked. I still don’t understand why you don’t want to dress up. And maybe take off that helmet of yours?”
Ragnar released an annoyed breath. “I don’t do formal wear. And besides, I happen to like my helmet. You are so childish sometimes.”
They sensed Ember approaching and spun around immediately. Only, they spotted her chatting with a fish-like man in a uniform, twirling a strand of short choppy brunette hair around her index finger. Several bags hung in the crook of her elbow as she smiled and chatted eagerly, while the guard’s gaze remained glued to her, lost in her trance and obeying everything she commanded him to do.
Raising a brow, Ragnar faced Elain. “She is brainwashing him for the event tonight, right?”
Elain nodded. “Yup. That was the plan.”
Ragnar huffed. “She doesn’t have to look so happy about it.”
Elain cleared her throat. “Well, people will listen to innocent children. Most of the time, I suppose.”
Ragnar turned away, thumping his head against a nearby booth. “She thinks we’re weak, you know. She’ll always have something planned so that we’ll always remain loyal to her, whenever everything is in chaos.”
Elain sighed, a breeze lifting the stray auburn strands of hair off her face. “People with weaknesses get killed by the people who lack them,” Elain grinned at him. “Notice I’m not dead.”
“She’s the one who’s been killing and keeping prisoners for over eighty years!”
Elain pursed her lips, and the haunting anxiety in her gaze incited Ragnar’s anger. “Calm down, Ragnar. You’re only a prisoner when you surrender.”
Ragnar’s shoulders drooped. He turned around, squeezing his eyes shut and wishing he could massage his forehead through his helmet. What was it about witches? And not just any witch.
Ember White. Filled with greed and the uncanny need for revenge. Full of power, but using it as her own torture weapon, to lie to everyone. He shivered. “You know,” he said, “we’re bound to draw a crowd with everything that’s going to go down tonight. The Others aren’t going to like this.”
“No.” Elain sighed. “Tomorrow will be a dark day for the Otherworld. And just so we’re clear? This was your plan.”

All of Jesse’s muscles ached from their last trip to the junkyard. After getting something to eat, the two headed straight back to retrieve the truck. Now his back hurt so bad it felt as though that old truck had run him over, rather than sat in neutral while he and Ashton pushed and pulled it through the back roads. But they had succeeded. Now the truck was his, moved to a dark corner of an underground parking garage of one of the local, quieter apartment buildings, where they’d be able to work on it every spare moment.
As long as no one complained about the smell or the sound, it would remain his and Ashton’s little secret.
“Hey what time is it?” said Jesse.
Ashton straightened from leaning over the engine and swiped at the sweat from his brow. “I dunno, you’re the one with the watch. Go check.”
Jesse stood and wiped the grease from his hands on his jeans and walked around to the back of the truck where the pack sat slumped against one of the back wheels. He’d taken his watch off to sleep the previous night and had forgotten he’d left it in the pack.
His phone read that it was an hour past noon, which was strange, as time seemed to feel like it was passing very quickly. He didn’t feel that hungry, but perhaps that was because he felt so focused on finishing the truck in time.
“About one in the afternoon,” Jesse said, returning to Ashton. “So, you think we can fix it before that festival thing starts?”
With a final grunt and a twist of his wrench, Ashton’s head popped up from the other side of the truck. “You bet!” his whole face grinned. “You know, besides being a bit dirty and rusty, this thing isn’t in that bad condition. I’m glad we found that old toolbox. And that solar-powered engine, too. No gas, no worries, and not too hard to repair. Now all we’ve gotta do is wait for the sun to charge this thing, and you’re ready to go!”
Jesse nodded silently. “How long?”
“Well,” said Ashton, “it’s gotta be at its fullest, or else you’ll never fly at light-speed. I’m thinking… maybe a few hours? Like, when the sun goes down, you can be sure that its battery power will be full. And you’ve gotta remember, you’ll only get one shot. If you for some reason don’t manage to succeed, which is unlikely, then you’re screwed.” He walked around to the back of the truck. “Now help me get this thing into the sunlight. We’re getting nowhere in this shade!”
They pushed and pulled the truck so that it rested in the sunlight at the top of the ramp that led to traffic, charging its battery. Ashton climbed up into the back of the pickup and laid down, closing his eyes and as though he were charging himself as well. He looked sore and tired, and Jesse had to admit, he felt as though he were about to drop down and sleep.
He climbed up into the back beside him, resting, and for a while the two of them simply watched the clouds as they rolled by.
Jesse sighed. “I figured it out, by the way.”
Ashton’s eyes were still closed, his hands up behind his head. “Oh?”
“What the Fire District represents,” Jesse started. Ashton opened one eye, his gold eye, and looked at him expectantly, as though ready to be amused. “I believe the Fire District represents dynamism, strength, persistence, and restlessness. That’s what I got from Edana and Zander, and then the snippets of conversation from all those Others in the train station. I got it right…didn’t I?”
Ashton released a calmed breath and closed his eyes again. “However, an excess of it can bring aggression, impatience, and impulsive behaviour. But basically, yeah. Good job.”
Jesse nodded. He felt so calm, so peaceful. Just sitting in the back of an orange truck waiting for the sun to charge it. He’d never felt so at peace since…since he’d first spoken to Emberlee.
“Have you gotten the Water District yet?” Ashton drawled sleepily.
“Well, sort of,” Jesse started. “I’ve only met one person here, and that’s Tamika. So, judging by what I could get from her, the Water District implies intelligence and wisdom, softness, and pliancy.” He glanced at Ashton when he didn’t say anything, and luckily he wasn’t sleeping. He looked thoughtful, considering. Jesse said, “Right?”
Ashton nodded. “In the same way, water can be fluid and weak, but can also wield great power when it floods and overwhelms the land. Water people can appear a bit reserved, yet often appear cool and stoic, and have the capacities to be still and deeply reflect.”
Jesse nodded, trying not to stir. “I feel like we should be doing something instead of just laying here.”
Ashton smiled, eyes closed. “What’s the rush? We’re here in an orange truck, a road ahead of us, and nothing but opportunities.”
Jesse said nothing and decided he was being too uptight, and had just relaxed when a slight breeze picked up. The clouds were drifting across the sky faster now, and his body felt the odd sensation that they were in motion. At first he thought he was getting dizzy, but then he realized with a jolt and sat up like a bolt.
“Are we…are we moving?” Jesse asked, looking around frantically over the edges.
Ashton said nothing, smiling and looking up at him as though he were watching a cartoon.
Jesse’s heart was beginning to thump louder, adrenaline making its way in a pulse through his ears. “We are moving.”
Ashton’s voice was slow, calm. “It’s like we’re moving through space on a mission.”
“Ashton, we have a problem.” Jesse said, a little more sternly now as he jumped out of the truck.
Ashton furrowed a brow, his eye darting around suspiciously. “I think we have an intruder on our spacecraft…”
The truck’s wheels were turning, slowly but surely taking the truck down the ramp. Below, traffic blurred by. Jesse’s body tensed and he grabbed at the back of the truck. “Ashton, get up! It’s going to go into traffic! Get up!”
Ashton laughed, looking over at him. “And it’s taken over the body of our trusted co-pilot, Jesse Tynan.”
“Ashton get up! This is no time of games!” Jesse was fierce, his shouting startling even him.
“Ashton, get up,” Ashton repeated lazily, his gaze returning to the sky.
“Ashton!”
“Ashton.”
“Get up! Ashton!”
“Ashton. Get up, Ashton.”
Jesse furiously growled deep in his throat at Ashton’s carelessness, half-wishing he could jump in there and pull him out, but at the same time he was afraid that if he abandoned his post by the truck it would move faster. He probably couldn’t even lift him.
The truck was about five feet to traffic, whizzing by obliviously, probably partly because the truck was moving too slowly for them to believe that it would go into traffic.
Jesse didn’t know what to think, what to do. “Ashton! Come on!”
At four feet to destruction, Ashton was up in a blink. He moved swiftly and calmly, almost as though it were all practiced and choreographed, and smoothly slid into the front seat. He hit the brakes and the truck stopped with a jolt.
The whole thing felt as though it had happened in slow motion, but it couldn’t have lasted for more than two seconds.
Shaking, fuming, and drilling his fingernails into his palms so fiercely that it hurt, Jesse stomped around to the driver’s window.
“What the hell was that?” Jesse screamed, ignoring Ashton’s disturbingly calm exterior. “You don’t do shit like that! You could’ve gotten yourself killed!”
Ashton bit down on his lip, but didn’t look the least bit apologetic or worried. He wasn’t even shaking. He was composed and serene, as though relief had washed over him. “Not to mention what would have happened to the truck.”

They’d pushed the truck back up the ramp, but had made sure it was in ‘park’. Ashton was behaving as though nothing had happened. Jesse was furious, and didn’t want him to think for a minute that he’d let it pass.
Ashton was checking the pack when Jesse approached. “Did you wanna go over?”
Ashton looked up at him with one of his half-smiles, closing the pack and standing tall above him. “Come on. It wasn’t even close.”
“Yes it was.” Jesse was firm, crossing his arms.
Ashton’s grin fell away as quickly as it had come. “You don’t know what close is.”
“Don’t give me all your stupid lines!” Jesse shouted. “I know what close is. Why can’t you just act your age for once?”
Ashton looked away, pretending to be mesmerized by a patch of chipped paint on the door. He lifted his fingers to pick at it.
Jesse said nothing, despite the thoughts racing through his head like a waterfall of emotion. He hated that Ashton had to act like this. He began to wonder if Ashton had put some sort of a wacko spell on him to make him care, like Emberlee had. Because that’s what it felt like. But there was something different about it this time around. He felt like he had some sort of control over it. Maybe it was finally genuine this time around. It sickened him to think about, yet somewhat relaxing to believe that he was in control of his emotions.
Soon things could just go back to the way they were, and nothing bad would happen. He’d go with his Gran to wherever she planned to move them to, and he would be happy. Just start fresh. Leave everything behind. It sounded pretty good.
A shadow passed across Ashton’s face. “Jesse…”
“What? What is it?” Jesse looked over at him as he abandoned his position against the truck and took a couple of steps away. His body was turned sideways, like he was debating whether or not he should stay or make a run for it.
Jesse frowned. “You look like you’re about to deliver some bad news.”
Ashton looked away from him. “I don’t know if it’s bad news or not.”
“It’s gotta be one or the other, Ash,” Jesse said. “Just tell me everything’s fine.”
Ashton hesitated, figuring out what to say. “It’s just… I don’t want to be friends with you.”
Jesse almost slipped off the truck. For a long moment he simply stared, not in hurt for the moment, but instead with surprise. “You don’t want to be friends?”
“Jesse—”
“Is it because I’ve been a complete dickhead since the very first time we met? It’s totally because of me. You’re trying to tell me that I’m a bastard, right?” Jesse hated the desperation in his tone, but at the same time didn’t care. He didn’t understand why Ashton said that, and wanted to know why he’d done so in the first place. He wanted to know what was going through his head with the truck incident. “I’ll apologize if you want me to. And when I get back to Earth I’ll find you, and then we can be pals for real—”
Ashton winced. “You sound like a desperate school girl, do you know that? Please stop talking.”
Jesse stopped.
Ashton sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “Listen, I don’t want to leave on bad terms or anything. But…that’s not the whole story.”
Jesse frowned. “What are you talking about?”
Ashton hesitated. “This is the last time you’ll probably ever see me. After that cure is made—” he paused, took a breath. “Listen, I just don’t know what to believe. And it is partly because of you. It feels like you go back and forth. One minute you’re itching to go off and defeat Ember, bring the Otherworld to justice. And the next, you’re the same anti-social kid I rescued from drowning in a backyard pool. When I’m with you, I want to be around the real you. The real Jesse,” he tried to laugh. “Then again, it’s not like we’ll ever see each other again, anyways.”
Jesse blinked, dumbfounded. He didn’t know what to say, let alone what to think. “Maybe I don’t know who that is.”
“No, maybe not yet,” Ashton took another step backward. “But Jimmee did.”
Jesse looked at him.
“Your gran knows, too.” He grinned for the last time, and took another step back.
Then he turned and ran, and Jesse was left with the truck, staring after his back as he disappeared into the light of day and the surrounding crowds.

Twenty-Three
Jesse waited five more hours before the engine of the truck hummed to life, startling the daylights out of him.
The night sky was clear, and though the lights from the city blocked out any stars, the sharp crescent moon lurked near the horizon, a sleepy eye squinting through the haze. All life in the streets had calmed down significantly, and Jesse knew that everyone was probably at the Aqua Festival, despite the few late-comers dancing by him in their fine clothes. A few pitying glances turned on Jesse as he kept out of their way, but mostly everyone ignored him.
Jesse grabbed his pack and threw it into the passenger’s seat, then climbed into the truck and shut the door behind him. The smell of old garbage and mildew embraced him. At least he’d replaced the seat’s stuffing and covered it in a scavenged blanket so he didn’t have to worry about sitting on rat droppings. Still, he could only imagine what stains the car’s frame and floorboards were leaving on his clothing.
He listened for a moment to the blissful emptiness of the area around him, as well as the silence from outside. He ran a mental checklist of everything he wanted to grab, anything he might’ve left behind.
He shut his eyes, suddenly tired. How was it that with home so close on the horizon, he suddenly had the overwhelming desire to lie down and take a nap? All those long days and nights travelling and fighting off skyrunners were catching up with him.
Shaking off the feeling, he grabbed the pack and searched through it, making sure everything was in there, that nothing was missing. He tried to keep his hands moving to distract himself. Tried not to think of Ashton, who should have been at his side. Or Zander and Edana, who should have made him want to stay.
Or Ember.
He would never see her again.
He knotted the straps of the pack with an angry tug. He was thinking too much. He just had to leave. One step at a time and soon he would be driving the truck, and all this would be behind him.
He surveyed the world where he’d spent most of the past week. It was still so strange to look at, to think he was actually in a subconscious world, even with the savage beasts lurking behind every corner. He didn’t expect to miss it much.
A beep startled him. Jesse jumped, his hand hovering over the seat belt, and spun around to the pack, where a faint light was visible from behind the cloth. His heart pummelled against his ribs as he eyed the pack.
It beeped again. Jesse realized that it was his phone that was still tucked into the pack. He knew he shouldn’t expect any calls from anyone he knew, and yet a bright blue square was flashing in the corner. Another beep.
Jesse unzipped the front pocket of the pack slowly, as though expecting it to explode in his face. He retrieved the phone, and was surprised to find a video-chat call.
On the blue square was scrawled:
CHAT REQUEST RECEIVED FROM UNKNOWN USER. ACCEPT?
Curious, Jesse jabbed a button to accept the chat. The beeping stopped. The blue box disappeared. A spiral turned over on the screen.
“Hello?”
Jesse jumped.
“Hello hello hello—is anybody there?”
Whoever was on the other side of the chat, he sounded on the verge of a breakdown. “Please, oh, please, someone answer. Where is that kid? HELLO?”
“Hell-o?…” Jesse leaned in toward the screen.
The man gasped, followed by a short silence. “Hello? Can you hear me? Is somebody—”
“Yes, I can hear you. Hold on, something’s wrong with the vid-cable.”
“Oh, thank heavens,” the voice said as Jesse set the screen face down on his lap and opened the door to its control panel. “I thought maybe the connection was weak or I’d called the wrong number or something. Are you at the festival now?”
Jesse found a wire disconnected from its plug. He didn’t know much about fixing phones or video-chat links, but he assumed it must have come loose with all its bouncing around inside the pack. Jesse tied it in and a flood of blue light splattered across his pant leg. “There we are,” he said, righting the screen.
He jolted back when he saw the man on the other side of the connection. He was adjusting the pair of glasses perched on his beaky nose with one hand and running the other shakily through his tangle of dark brown hair. Computer equipment was behind him, and he looked as though he’d been living off caffeine for the last few days. Other than that, Jesse guessed he must have been a doctor, judging by his lab coat. That, or a wannabe in his mother’s basement.
He was somehow not at all what Jesse had been expecting.
The man looked equally surprised at seeing Jesse there.
“Who are you?” the man asked. His eyes darted behind Jesse, taking in the dim lighting and the truck’s interior. “Why aren’t you at the festival?”
“I can’t. I’m supposed to be on my way back to Earth,” Jesse answered. He squinted at the room behind the man. He was surrounded by metal walls and machines, screens and computers, and then more controls and buttons and lights than a cargo truck’s cockpit. “Listen, I’m not an Other. I’m a real self or whatever inside my Other’s body. It’s a long story, but I shouldn’t be here right now. I’m supposed to be leaving.”
The man’s eyes fluttered, as if caught off guard by the statement. Instead of answering, he leaned forward. “I need to speak with a boy named Ashton Blake right away.”
Ashton. Was this the scientist he was working with to create the cure?
Jesse shook his head. “Then why don’t you bother someone at the Aqua Festival? He’s there right now, with one of your assistants or whatever.”
“I can’t!” The man’s scream was so unexpected, so desperate that Jesse nearly fell over. “I’ve been knocked out! Someone’s taken over my computers and called this number! It’s a good thing I keep automated records of what goes on with my systems, or else I wouldn’t have found you! Someone was pretending to be me and gave Ashton false instructions! Please, I must speak with him!”
“So you are working with him.”
The man’s eyes widened to near perfect circles. “That’s not—”
“Who are you?” said Jesse, his voice raising. “You’re working with Ashton, right? Are you the one who’s supposed to make that cure and stop the skyrunners? You are, aren’t you?”
The man’s eyebrows drew together, but rather than looking irritated at Jesse’s questions, he appeared frightened. Even ashamed.
Jesse clenched his jaw against the onslaught of questions and took in a slow breath before asking, steadily, “What do you want?”
“Please, listen to me!” The man clenched his hands together. “Yes, I am a scientist, and I am working with Ashton to wipe out the skyrunners. But right now I have to speak with him. Quickly, before it’s too late!”
Blowing some hair out of his face, Jesse leaned forward and yelled, “Why? What’s going on? What false instructions were you talking about?”
The man shrank back and clenched his jaw, but the anger seemed to have been startled out of him. “I need to get a message to Ashton Blake. I need to warn him. He’s in danger, all of the Otherworld… Ember… and it’s all my fault. If I’d only resisted, the witch wouldn’t have taken over my head. If I’d only tried to fight, this wouldn’t have happened. It’s all my fault.”
“Oh my God, would you get a hold of yourself?” said Jesse before the man could dissolve into hysterics and sprout a skyrunner. “What do you mean Ashton’s in danger? What have you done?”
The man’s eyes seemed to be pleading with Jesse as if he alone could offer forgiveness. “I’m a scientist, like I said. I’m also a doctor and a surgeon. I’m good at it—hacking into computers and security systems and the like.” He said this without a hint of arrogance. “I’ve been working with the Skyrunner Research team for five years now. We’ve been calling volunteers for two years to assist us with vaccine testing. When Ashton was our next volunteer, he proved to be more unique than the rest—”
“Is there a point to any of this?” Jesse asked impatiently. “Frankly, I don’t have the time for boring backstories. You have to tell me what’s going on.”
The man had grabbed a pen and was fiddling with it, as though trying to distract himself from his stress. He raised his eyes to Jesse. Guilt was scrawled across his face. “I fell asleep during one of my work nights approximately thirteen hours ago. The last thing I remember are skyrunners breaking into my lab, and then nothing. I woke up six hours later and discovered that I’d been hacked, and a video-chat had occurred while I was asleep. I spent an hour trying to recover the data and find out what was said, and when I found out that Ashton had been given false data, I spent the remaining hours up till now to track down the user of the phone Ashton had been using. And now Ashton is in grave danger, and it’s all my fault!”
“Wait,” Jesse held up his hand, trying to slow the man’s rapid words. “Just tell me what “false instructions” were given to Ashton!”
The man took a deep breath and closed his eyes. “I’ve come to the conclusion that Ember somehow broke into my lab and used mind control to make me say the things I said. About the cure and his cancer—”
“Wait, what?” Jesse interrupted him. “Ashton’s…cancer?”
The man gave him a curious look. “You…didn’t know?”
Jesse shook his head, his expression grim. “What are you talking about?”
The doctor hesitated a moment, a thoughtful expression on his face. No doubt debating whether or not he should explain to Jesse. “Ashton’s had eye cancer in his right eye,” he said slowly. “He had it removed when he was very young to prevent the tumours from spreading. It’s a miracle he only had it in one of his eyes, and that they were able to stop it in time. It’s why one of his eyes are white—it’s a fake. A prosthetic eye. I’m…I’m quite surprised he never told you.”
Jesse’s head was spinning. Cancer—Ashton had cancer?
“Right now,” the man pressed on without waiting for Jesse, “Ashton believes that one of my assistants is coming to take him away. But all of my assistants are here, with me in the building. No one’s coming for Ashton. Ember was trying to get him to go to the festival. She’s got something deadly planned, I just know it.”
Dread squirmed in Jesse’s stomach. “But what will she do to Ashton?” Jesse interrupted.
“She’ll kill him, of course! You don’t know the witch, her grudges. She’ll never stop until she’s found salvation. I have to get a message to him, to somebody at the festival. He has to know it’s a setup.”
“A setup? What kind of setup?”
“To prevent the cure from being created! Once Ashton’s no longer in the picture, we can’t make the cure. After that I’ll bet she’ll intend to use her army to wage war on the rest of the Otherworld. And she can do it too—her army…this army…” He shuddered, ducking his head as if someone had swiped at him.
“I don’t get it. Why can’t you just make the cure without him?”
“Of course you wouldn’t get it. Without Ashton, we can’t make the cure. He has the ingredient inside him.”
Blood rushed in Jesse’s ears. So that was why only Ashton could be there to create the cure. A vital ingredient inside of him. Jesse assumed it was a blood sample, or something of the like. “You think—but she would be an idiot to try to kill him at a festival, where the whole Otherworld is. Everyone would know it was her.”
“That witch has killed thousands, with and without her skyrunners doing it alongside her, but what can everyone else do about it? They might think of rebellion, but as soon as they’re in her presence, she has the ability to brainwash them into compliance again.”
Jesse rubbed his fingers over his brow. “He said you guys were going to pick him up tonight at the Aqua Festival,” he murmured to himself. “But she’s going to kill him. Prevent the cure from being made so that her army can flourish.” His heart was racing, thoughts spilling over in his brain.
Ember knew he had been trying to get to the Shadow District. She would kill him. Then she would wage war on…on the whole world. Earth would be a bigger mess of destruction and negativity than it already was.
He grasped his head as the world spun around him.
He had to warn him. He couldn’t let the witch kill him. That is, if she hadn’t done so already.
His gaze landed on the steering wheel of the truck. The fuel, still full in the engine.
His head bobbed before he knew what he was agreeing to. “I’ll go,” he muttered. “I’ll find him.”
“Take your phone and save this number into your contacts,” said the man on the screen. “In case we need to contact each other. And please, don’t tell them about me. If Ember ever found out—”
Without waiting for him to finish, Jesse ended the conversation and shoved the phone into his pocket before the screen could turn black.

Twenty-Four
He was a walking disaster and he knew it, seeing as how he hadn’t bathed in nearly a week, as well as the old sweaty clothing his Other had been wearing when he took over his body. He’d be lucky if they let him into the festival at all.
But he would deal with that when he got there.
Shoving his thoughts to the back of his mind, Jesse reached under the steering wheel and grasped the power supply and circuit wires Ashton had already stripped and wrapped. He fumbled for the brown ignition wire. This was how they’d managed to start the truck without any keys.
Holding his breath, he tapped the wires together.
Nothing happened.
A drop of sweat rolled down the back of his knee. He flicked them together again. Again. “Please, please, please.” A spark lashed out from the wires, followed by unhappy clattering from the engine.
“Yes!” He pressed his foot down on the accelerator, revving the engine, feeling the truck thrum and rumble beneath him.
Jesse allowed one overwhelming cry of relief, then pulled the transmission out of neutral.
Once on the road, his way was guided by streetlamps and the pale yellow glow from the surrounding building windows—the city’s constant light was a blessing, as the truck’s headlights had been busted out. The ride was jerky and harsh, and yet Jesse felt a surge of power with every turn of the wheel, press of the accelerator, rattle of the stick shift, screech of rubber.
A warm breeze blew through the missing back window, tousling Jesse’s white hair. The clouds had reached the city and hung threateningly above the tallest silver building of the city, which Jesse knew was the skyrunner base, his original destination. The clouds had casted the evening in a gray shroud. Toward the other horizon, the sky was still wide open and proudly displaying the stars and the moon. Ignoring it, Jesse floored the accelerator, pushing the truck to go faster—to fly.
And it flew. Not smoothly or gracefully like a truck from this decade, but with all the roar and power of a proud beast. He couldn’t help a grin, knowing that he and Ashton had done this. They’d brought this monstrosity back to life. It owed Jesse now and it seemed to know it.
He would have made it, he thought, as the tents and lights from atop the approaching hill came into view, towering over the city atop its jagged cliff. He would have been nearing the skyrunner base by now. Picking up speed. Watching the lights blur past. Racing for light speed, to be returned to Earth, and never looking back.
A splatter of rain hit the cracked windshield.
Jesse gripped the steering wheel tighter as he started up the twisting, winding drive to the festival entrance. There were no surrounding vehicles to compete with—he would be the last guest to arrive.
He crested the hill, revelling in the rush of escape, of freedom, of power—and then the torrent began. Rain drenched the truck, blurring the festival’s lights. The sound pounded against the metal and glass. Without headlights, the world disappeared beyond the windshield.
Jesse jammed his foot into the brake pedal.
Nothing happened.
Panic surged through him and he desperately pumped the stiff brake. A shadow loomed against the storm. Jesse screamed and covered his face.
The truck collided with a tree, rocking Jesse with a jolt. Metal crunched around him. The engine sputtered and died. The seat belt burned across his chest.
Shaking, Jesse gaped at the storm that surged against the windshield. Wet maroon-colored leaves fell from the overhead branches, sticking to the glass. He reminded himself to breathe as adrenaline coursed through his veins. His breaths choked him as much as the seat belt did, until he reached a trembling hand toward the latch and peeled it off him.
A leak revealed itself along the weather stripping of his door’s window, dripping down onto his shoulder.
Jesse fell back against the headrest, wondering if he had the strength to walk. Maybe if he just waited out the monsoon. Spring storms like this never lasted long; it would be a drizzle in a blink.
He held up his hands and wondered what, exactly, he was waiting for. Not pride. Not respectability. Being soaked could almost be an improvement at this point.
Gasping for a full breath, he pulled at the door handle and kicked with his foot to force it open. He stepped out into a downpour, the rain cool and refreshing on his skin. Slamming the door shut, he turned to survey the damage, pushing his hair back off his forehead.
The front end of the car was crumpled around the tree’s trunk, which tipped slightly in its bubble, the hood folded like an accordion to the passenger-side fender. All that hard work, destroyed so quickly.
And there was his chance for escape. Gone.
Shivering in the rain, he shoved the thoughts aside. There would be other vehicles. Right now, he had to find Ashton.
Suddenly, the rain stopped pounding down on him. He glanced up at the umbrella overhead, then turned around. A guard was staring at the car wreck with round eyes, his hands gripping the umbrella handle.
“Oh, hi,” he stammered.
The man’s disbelieving stare found its way to him. His hair, his clothes, the spots of dirt on his face. He looked more repulsed by the second.
Jesse snatched the umbrella from him and flashed a smile. “Thanks,” he said and dashed across the yard into the wide double doors of the gate surrounding the festival and into a parking lot.
Fish-like guards dressed in cerulean uniforms scattered the perimeter, directing guests away from the exits along the walls and toward the festival, as if the chatter and blaring music weren’t clear enough. The walk across the parking lot to the festival entrance was long and tedious. Jesse didn’t know if the guards let their stoic gazes land on him as he passed by, wet boots squishing, and he dared not meet their eyes if they did.
The music grew louder. The parking lot was ornamented with dozens of ornate stone statues of something that represented one of the elements like leaves or trees, or even a raindrop or a flame. Hidden cameras lined the walls.
Jesse emerged from the parking lot. A chain of guards and servants flanked the rows of booths and tents, their faces as unreadable as those in the parking lot. The roofs had been hung with red, blue, silver, green, black, and gold flags, each representing its element, glimmering with rich light. Rain pummelled the whole place, almost louder than the music. There was a dance floor in the center of it all, evidently the source of the music.
Jesse began walking to seek out Ashton, but he wasn’t hard to find. He froze in his spot. Ashton was on the dance floor—dancing. The crowd parted for him and his partner, the most beautiful, most graceful, most divine girl in the room; Ember. Jesse couldn’t stifle a gasp of bewilderment at the sight of her.
His stomach flipped, the momentary awe turning to revulsion. The witch held a poised smile, but Ashton’s expression was as unfeeling as stone as they bounced and spun across the gravel floor.
Jesse stepped back before the witch noticed him. He scanned the crowd, convinced that nothing had happened yet, or the atmosphere in the room wouldn’t be so jolly. Ashton was fine. He was safe. That is, he would be, if he weren’t currently dancing with the enemy. Jesse had to assume Ember was using more of her mind tricks. All Jesse had to do was find a way to take Ashton somewhere private, and tell him the witch’s plans. Then take him away from the festival. Then they would be able to put off her plans until—
Well, Jesse knew nothing could put Ember off forever without convincing her to start the war she’d been threatening for so long.
But maybe, just maybe, the cure could be created before that happened.
Letting out a slow breath, Jesse stepped out of the massive doorway and ducked behind the nearest pillar.
Gritting his teeth, he glanced around, but the nearby guards and servants remained as disinterested as a concrete wall.
Jesse plastered himself against the column, trying to smooth back his hair so he could at least pretend to be fitting in.
The music ceased and the crowd began to applaud.
He dared to peer over at the dance floor and saw Ashton and Ember parting ways. As the music started again, the entire ball room joined in the dancing.
Jesse followed the witch’s choppy brunette hair and her silver dress heading toward a tent on the other side of the dance floor, the crowd parting eagerly before her. He scanned for Ashton again, and found him heading in the opposite direction—toward him.

Holding his breath, he inched away from the protective column. This was his chance. If only he would look up and see him. If only he would come to him. He could tell him everything and then they could slip away into the night and no one would ever have to know they’d been there at all.
Ashton froze with a look of mild perplexity. Then he noticed a spot of bright red beside Ashton, a flower-pinned shoulder strap brushing his arm. Jesse’s breath caught.
It was Elain, brushing her fingertips against Ashton’s elbow. She was full of dazzling smiles and fluttering lashes as she wrapped her arms around his.
Stomach clenching, Jesse sank back against the pillar.
Elain started to talk, and Jesse monitored Ashton’s expressions as his pulse pounded in his ears. At first, he only attempted a weary smile, but soon there was confusion. Surprise. An uncertain frown.
Jesse shuddered, his eyes glued to the two of them. Elain was doing something, about to tell Ashton something, and Jesse had no idea why, or what about for the matter.
Someone cleared his throat, and Jesse jumped out of his growing anxiety, nearly twisting his prosthetic ankle. One of the servants had evidently gotten tired of standing motionless and impartial and was now looking him over with barely veiled revulsion.
“I beg your pardon,” he said with tightness to his voice. “Have you paid at the entrance?”
Jesse instinctively inched away from him and pressed his back into the pillar, nerves humming. “Why? I thought everyone in the Otherworld was invited.”
“Indeed, they are.” The man grinned, looking almost gleeful at the prospect of disinviting the kid before him. “But everyone must purchase tickets in order to play the games.”
Gulping, Jesse glanced out toward the dance floor. Ashton was still being hounded by Elain, and now Jesse could see Ragnar hovering not far off, looking primed to jump into the conversation should Elain say anything wrong. Elain had not dropped her shy, flirtatious charm. She stood with her head bowed and one hand gingerly pressed against her collarbone.
Ashton still looked perplexed.
Goose bumps racing up his arms, Jesse turned back to the courtier and attempted to imitate Ashton’s cheerful innocence. “Of course,” he said. He was devising a number of excuses, justifications—he must have gotten this festival mixed up with another and had to leave, or perhaps there was a dying relative at home and he had to suddenly run off, or—
“Ah!” The man jolted.
Jesse tensed, wondering what his chances were of knocking him out with a quick blow to the head without any of those guards noticing.
“Why, Reaper Devolution, what a pleasure. We are so glad you could join us tonight.”
His eyebrows shot up. “You are?”
The man gave him a stiff nod. “Please forgive my ignorance. VIPs are to be proclaimed their arrival. I’m sure everyone will be glad you’ve arrived. Please, step this way, and I will have you announced.”
He blinked, dumbly following the man as he stepped further and further into the festival. “Have me what?”
He tapped something into a cell phone, before glancing back at Jesse. His gaze swooped over him again as if he couldn’t believe what he was about to do, but his polite smile didn’t fade. “All VIPs are accordingly announced, as recognition of their import. Of course, they don’t usually arrive so… late.”
“Wait. VIPs… oh! No, no, you don’t have to—”
He was silenced by the blare of recorded trumpets through overhead speakers. He ducked at the sound, eyes widening, as the short melody faded. At the last trill of the horns, a majestic voice boomed through the ball room.
“Please welcome to the Annual Aqua Festival: Reaper Devolution of The Shadow District.”

Twenty-Five
The festival temperature spiked as thousands of faces turned toward Jesse.
Perhaps the crowd would have turned away a moment later, indifferent, if they hadn’t found the VIP guest to be a boy with damp hair and mud splatters on his face and clothes. As it was, the gazes halted, pinning Jesse to the festival entrance.
He looked at Ashton, eyes bigger than usual as he took him in.
Jesse reminded himself to breathe. It was already over for them.
Soon, Ember would see him too and proceed to kill Ashton and take Jesse prisoner. He would be taken by her, maybe killed. There was nothing he could do about it now.
But he had taken the risk. He had made the decision to come.
It would not go to waste.
He squared his shoulders. Lifted his chin.
Clenching his fists, Jesse fixed his gaze on Ashton and made his way slowly down through the crowd.
Ashton’s eyes softened into something almost like amusement, as if such an unkempt appearance and an awkward gait was all one could expect from an anti-social teen with a prosthetic leg.
A murmur rippled through the crowd and as the prosthetic heel within Jesse’s boot hit the gravel floor with forced precision, the sea of people began to shuffle aside. Women whispered behind their hands. Men craned their necks to catch the hushed gossip.
Even the servants and guards had stopped to watch him. The scent of perfume and sweat clouded around them, twisting Jesse’s stomach into knots. He realized suddenly how famished he was. All the preparations for running away had left little time for eating.
Coupled with his anxiety, it almost made him feel faint. He did his best to ignore it, to be strong, but nervousness was expanding through his taut muscles with every step. His pulse was a drumbeat inside his head.
Every eye swept over him, mocking him. Every head turned to whisper, rumours already taking flight. Jesse’s ears rang, picking snatches of conversation—Reaper Devolution! Oh, what is he doing here?
Ashton’s lips twitched around his gigantic teeth, and though he still looked baffled, he did not look angry or disgusted. Jesse gulped. As he got nearer, his legs burned to turn and run, to avoid all the stares, all the gossip, hide his dripping-wet and mud stained clothes as best he could, but he didn’t allow them. It would have been futile, and Ashton didn’t even care.
If anything, Ashton looked just as disgusting, if not worse.
He kept his head high. It was not his fault that the witch was trying to declare war. It was not his fault people spawned skyrunners.
He would not apologize.
He focused only on walking, one thudding step after another, as the crowd parted before him, then closed again in his wake.
But before he reached Ashton, a figure pushed out of the crowd and into his path. Jesse froze, halted by the seething glare of the witch.
He blinked, dumbfounded, as reality stumbled in on the still, silent moment.
Ember’s chest was heaving beneath the glittery neckline of her dress. The confused tittering hushed, pushing the questions toward those in the back of the crowd who couldn’t see what was happening but could no doubt feel the tension expanding around them.

Ember’s hand reached forward, touching Jesse’s face. She smiled. “Where were you, Reaper? You’re awfully late,” her voice was low as if she were afraid of causing more of a scene than Jesse already had.
Setting his jaw, Jesse stepped back. “What’s going on? Why were you dancing with him? I know what you’re planning to do, and it’s not gonna work. So quit the act already.”
Ember seemed surprised at his statement. She tilted her head and looked at him with glassy eyes. “But Reaper, what are you talking about? This is a joyous occasion. I’ve nothing planned. I just want you to be happy!”
“No,” Jesse fumed, “you don’t. I know what you are. So quit tricking me. Just leave me and my friends alone!”
Ember merely grinned. “Oh, Reaper.”
Jesse glared viciously. “Let him go. Now.”
Ember raised a hand to a barely obscured smirk. “Why? We were having so much fun! And he’s a much better dancer than you were. Though, also much more of a challenge to control.”
“I hate you, Ember,” Jesse growled through his teeth. “I hate you so much, you bitch. Meeting you was the biggest mistake of my whole life. Everyone would be so much better off if you would just drop dead.”
Hurt flashed across Ember’s face, and was replaced with anger. However, instead of saying anything back, she raised her hand over her shoulder, palm flat.
The crowd gasped and Jesse flinched, but the strike did not come.
Ashton stood beside the witch, one hand firmly wrapped around Ember’s wrist. Ember turned to him, her face burning with anger, but the look quickly fell away.
She shrivelled back, stammering. “You! But—”
“Stop it,” he said, his voice gentle but stern, and released her. Ember shrank away, pathetically nodding at him, her head tilted way back in order to look up at him.
“But you… you were under my control! I had you powerless! All night you did everything I said and you—you tricked me!”
“Of course I did, Ember.” There was lightness to his words, as if he believed his presence alone could dissolve Ember’s aggression. He fixed his gaze on Jesse. “Didn’t I say before that the witch no longer controls me?”
Ember glanced frantically over the heads of the shocked audience, toward the dance floor where the music had fallen silent. She straightened. “This is a night for amusement,” she shouted. “Let the festivities continue!”
She had cast another spell on everyone, no doubt. Jesse could already tell that the shocked stares had been getting to her as much as they were to him. Music once again filled the air, though slightly dulled to the swarming noise around them.
Without another word, Ember darted away, disappearing into the crowds again.
Ashton was looking at him again. Jesse gulped and found that he was shaking—with anger and terror and nerves and the sensation of being tricked by him as well. His mind was blank, not sure if he wanted to thank him or turn away and keep yelling at the witch, but he didn’t give him a chance to do either.
“Come on,” Ashton leaned in close toward him. “We have to talk, Jesse.”
Ashton reached forward and took his elbow, and before he realized what was happening, he had plucked him away from the entrance and the lingering eyes and taken him to the dance floor.
They were dancing. Or, what passed for it through the hard techno beats.
Heart hammering, Jesse pried his gaze away from Ashton and looked over behind him.
Elain and Ragnar were both standing still amid the shuffling crowd, watching as Ashton expertly guided Jesse farther and farther away from them.
Clearing his throat, Ashton murmured, “You have no idea how to dance, do you?”
Jesse fixed his gaze on him, mind still reeling. “I’ve got a prosthetic. Besides, I don’t dance.”
His eyebrows raised mockingly. “Believe me, I noticed. It shouldn’t stop you from doing something anyone else can do. And why are you still hiding it?”
Before he could reply, Jesse stumbled on his prosthetic foot and fell into Ashton’s hold.
Ashton grinned, wheedling him back to arm’s length, but he didn’t tease him. “So. What are you doing here?”
“Me first. Why did you trick her like that? And how come she can’t control you?”
“Seriously? She’s like five times my age. There was no way the old bag was gonna have that kind of control over me,” Ashton said. “Though, I confess, she could if she really wanted to. Most of her attention was on you, giving me more freedom of mind.”
Jesse scoffed and his body started to ease. Without sensation in his leg, it felt like trying to dance with a block of iron fused to his knee.
His leg was beginning to ache from carrying it, but he resisted the urge to limp, and wished his body into conformity.
“My turn. What are you doing here?” Ashton said, his voice lowering even though the noise of laughter and tapping heels had filled the air around them. “You should be at the skyrunner base, maybe even back on Earth by now. As for me, it seems the dude that was supposed to pick me up is a no-show. So I figured I’d just enjoy myself here and get a train tomorrow, but then Ember showed up and…yeah. Oh, and the announcing thing when you first arrive? Super embarrassing. The guard did it to me, too.”
Jesse opened his mouth, unsure what he was going to say until the faint words came to him. “I came here to tell you something. It’s important.” He glanced around, ensuring that no one could hear them. Though he caught a few confused stares targeting them, no one was close enough to hear over the music, and the witch was nowhere to be seen. “Listen. You can’t stay here.”
Ashton furrowed a brow. “What do you mean?”
“Ember’s been waiting for the chance to kill you. She wants the creation of the cure to never happen, and then she’s gonna start a war on the Otherworld with her skyrunners and the rest of her team. She wants me, too. It’s just that with us out of the picture, it’ll pave the way for her.”
It was Ashton’s turn to look around, simultaneously shaping his look of panic into cool indifference, though up close, Jesse could see the worry in his eyes.
“And there’s more. She broke into that scientist guy’s lab, the one you were working with, and used her tricks to control him, so really, you had a conversation with the witch.” Eyes widening, Ashton looked back at him.
“And you know,” he continued, not allowing him to interrupt, “you know that she won’t forgive you for tricking her like that.” He gulped. “Ashton, as soon as she kills you, and she has what she wants… Earth and the Otherworld will be destroyed.”
The color drained from his face. “How do you know all this?”
Jesse took in a deep breath, somehow exhausted from getting all the information out, as if he’d only reserved enough energy to bring him to this moment. “My phone. That scientist guy popped up and explained everything. He wanted me to pass it on to you.” He hesitated, shoving aside the rising distress. Was saving his own pride more important to him?
Jesse sighed, and decided to confront him then and there. “Ashton.”
He looked down at him. “Yeah?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Jesse asked. “About your cancer. Your eye cancer, I mean.”
Ashton looked surprised at the question, then almost guilty. He finally smiled calmly. “Ah. The big confession scene. Dr. Ivan must’ve told you on the phone, then,” he said. “Well, everybody bites it sooner or later. I’m just trying to leave my mark on this world, ahead of the game.”
Jesse rolled his eyes. “Always the joke,” he grumbled.
“Ivan says it’s a phase,” Ashton replied, a little too giddy. “It’ll stop soon, but hey, at least it wasn’t about sympathy for the sick kid.”
Jesse frowned at him, his jaw working. “That’s not fair.”
Ashton’s ease slipped away. “Is college fair?” His voice rose. “Is traveling to Europe fair? At this rate, my real self won’t even make it to Alberta. Dancing, that’s what I get. Dancing.”
He looked at him in confusion. “What are you talking about? The scientist on the phone said you didn’t have it any more.”
Ashton looked away, a stone-cold expression on his face as he attempted to end the conversation. There was something more that he wasn’t saying.
“Is there somewhere we can go?” Jesse asked. “Away from the crowd? We can talk about everything.” He glanced around. In their dancing, they had traveled almost the entire length of the dance floor, and now they stood on the edge of the floor before a row of booths and tents. Beyond the row, a path led through several others to a tiny door in the distance, labelled EXIT.
The pummelling of the storm above them came in waves, almost drowning out the noise of the music.
“We should leave,” Jesse said, but before he could move, a shadow fell across them. Glancing up, he saw the unhappy expression of Elain, looking at Ashton with lips so tight they’d started to go white, despite them being coated in red lipstick. She did not acknowledge Jesse.
“Ashton,” she said, her face drawn. “It’s time.”
Jesse looked across at the girl in confusion. “Time?” he said, turning back to Ashton. “Time for what?”
Ashton stared at him, part apologetic, part afraid. His gut twisted.
“Listen,” Ashton said lowly. “You can’t be here. Elain told me about her plan. Well, her and Ragnar’s, to create a diversion for Ember, while we escape the festival.”
“Ashton,” Jesse hissed. “That doesn’t make any sense. I thought they were the enemy. You can’t just trust people like that. Did you forget what she did the last time we saw her? You can’t trust them—”
“Ashton,” said Elain, still without deigning to meet Jesse’s eye. “We don’t have that much time. Everything is in place.”
Ashton let his gaze fall, before shutting his eyes altogether. He rubbed at his brow. “Just a moment. I need a moment to think.”
“We do not have a moment. We’ve been over this—”
“There’s new information,” Ashton said, his tone harsh. Elain’s expression darkened considerably, and she cast a suspicious glare at Jesse. He glared right back.
Elain huffed. “Ashton,” she muttered through her teeth, leaning in closer, “This was all part of Ragnar’s plan. To fool Ember and get you to the Shadow District. Come on, you know what’s right. You know what you have to do. The Otherworld is depending on you. You have to do what’s right.”
Fists unclenching, Ashton met Elain’s gaze, his gold eye just as hollow as his fake one. “I know,” he said finally. “Okay. I’ll do exactly that.”
Hope stirred inside of Jesse. He understood his warnings. He understood the mistake he would be making if he agreed to trust these people. Jesse had succeeded.
But then Ashton turned toward him, and the hope shattered at seeing the helplessness etched in deep lines across his brow. “Thank you for warning me, Jesse. At least I won’t be going into this blindly.”
Jesse shook his head. “Ashton. You can’t.”
“I don’t have a choice. She has an army that could destroy us. I can make the cure that we need… I have to take my chances.” Jesse stumbled back as if his words had landed the blow that he had protected him from before. He was actually going to trust the Skychasers.
“Jesse, you have to go. I need to be at the Shadow District. I’ve wasted enough time as it is already.”
Jesse could see through the smile he gave him that he was as unsure as Jesse felt, and yet while his body became heavy and immoveable, Ashton somehow found the strength to turn away with his head lifted and start following Elain toward the back exit at the far end of the gigantic fairgrounds.
He searched his brain for anything he could do to change his mind. But what else was there?
He knew Ember would still start a war with whatever she had. He knew Ember would probably try to kill him if he trusted Elain. He probably knew about more cruel and evil deeds she’d committed than Jesse did, and none of it made a difference. Somehow, Ashton was still naive enough to think that more good than bad could come from going with Elain to “escape” and he would not stop it from happening.
A fist clenched over Jesse’s heart.
Before he knew what he was doing, he was storming after Ashton. He grabbed his elbow and spun him back around to face him. He was prepared to do whatever it took to get his message through Ashton’s head, until an explosion sounded from behind them.
Jesse slowly turned. The crowd followed the noise as well, swivelling in unison like puppets on strings.
And there was Ember.

Twenty-Six
She was standing on top of one of the booths that flanked the doorway to the gardens, holding a cup of red liquid in one hand and pressing the fingers of the other against her smiling red lips. The tents on either side of her were up in flames, illuminating her features. Her figure was perfection. Her posture could not have been more poised had she been carved from the same wood as the booth. She wore a silver dress that shimmered with what were probably diamonds, yet gave the very distinct impression of stars in an endless spring sky.
Jesse blinked several times, shaking himself from her trance. The witch’s beauty was just an endless lie.
In addition to the witch, a festival guard stood just below her in the doorway of the booth, blunt golden hair swept up from his brow like a candle flame. A man and woman dressed in the distinctive uniforms of police officers also lingered nearby, awaiting the witch’s order, each evidently under her spell.
“How charmingly naive,” said the witch, followed by a spill of laughter. “You must have misunderstood me. You see, when you work for me, you don’t simply stop and attempt to rebel. It’s not that simple. And now I see you trying to run off? Oh, Elain. How you thought you could get away from me is truly quite amusing.”
Terror wrapped around Jesse’s throat as the witch’s eyes seemed to pierce right through him. The queen knew what Ashton and Elain were planning. She could tell.
“What concerns me,” continued Ember, her voice a sweet lullaby that sharpened with her next words, “is that it appears you’ve somehow managed to trick your partner, as well. Am I mistaken, Ragnar?”
The guard and officers nodded in agreement, their eyes fixed on Elain, Ashton, and Jesse. Ragnar then appeared from behind the guard in the doorway of the booth. They could practically feel his deceptive eyes burning into them from behind his visor.
Elain wrinkled her nose in confusion at it all, and then her expression quickly changed to that of rage. She clenched her fists, drilling her fingernails into her palms. “Ragnar, you liar!” she screamed. “This was all your plan! You tricked me! You came up with the instructions to fool the witch into thinking we were doing her work, and then—”
Ragnar’s high, cold laughter interrupted Elain’s outburst. “It’s pathetic,” he said, “what some people will do to protect their lies.”
Jesse tried to relax, adrenaline coursing through his veins. What he wouldn’t have given for a weapon, even a measly tree branch to protect himself with. But his gun had been forgotten in the truck…along with his phone.
Ashton abandoned Jesse, marching toward the witch. “Ember, I apologize for this disruption,” he said. “It’s not what you think.”
The witch’s charcoal eyes flashed with the crimson firelight on either side of her. “It seems you’re perfectly capable of making a scene without my help.” Her smile turned to a playful pout as she hopped off the roof and approached Jesse. “Oh, dear, it seems that I’m more hurt than I thought I was by all this nonsense. I believed you and I had something special, when you offered to take me to that party all those days ago.” Again, her eyes caressed Jesse’s face. “You can’t think Elain prettier than me.” She reached out a fingernail and traced it along Jesse’s jaw.
“What?” Jesse was taken aback at the accusation. Elain? Where did she get that idea? Then it dawned on him— Ragnar must have told her a lot more lies than just the plan to break Ashton out. “That’s not—”
“My dear, are you blushing?”
Jesse slapped Ember’s hand away, but before he could respond, she turned toward Elain and her expression filled with disgust. “Why? After all I’ve given you, why would you dare to betray me?”
Elain downed a painful gulp, but managed to remain silent.
“Oh, Elain.” A condescending laugh. “You know, your antlers suit you and your animalistic nature. How fitting. Wild. Untamed. Undisciplined.”
“That’s enough—” started Ashton, but Ember breezed past him, the sparkling dress swaying over her hips. She held her wine glass aloft, as if prepared to commend him on such a pleasant festival.
“Tell me, Ashton,” she said, “what poor sapling Other helped you escape me in the first place?”
A weight settled in the pit of his stomach. “I left on my own.” Ashton said.
The queen sniffed. “You people,” she said, her voice rising for the crowd. “You think you’re so clever. So you decided you didn’t want to work for me anymore. So you managed to slip out of my system unnoticed. So you think you pass as normal, that you can exist in the world without any repercussions. You are fools.”
Jesse clenched his jaw. He wanted to explain that Ashton had no desire to enforce skyrunners, to spread torture, to be anything but miserable —anything but cruel. But who would he be pleading his case to? Certainly not the witch. And Elain…Elain, who was tossing glances between Jesse, Ashton, and the witch, trying to fit the puzzle pieces of Ember’s words together in her head.
The witch turned back to Elain. “Not only trying to protect your old partner, but also attempting to leave me. I am disappointed in you, Elain.” She clucked her tongue. “The fact that this boy even still lives proves that you have failed your assignment, and are in violation of the agreement we made when you decided to join me in the first place. I take the blatant disregard of such a statute quite seriously, Elain. You know what Ashton has inside him. You know that by helping him, you’ll be helping him proceed to wipe out the skyrunners. In fact, it could warrant a call to war. I insist that this traitor be killed off immediately. Aidan?”
A second guard stepped out of the crowd, with black hair and serious ice-blue eyes, and a huge brute-like build. Without warning, he grasped Ashton’s wrists, pinning them behind him. He gasped, his gaze flying wildly toward the gathered audience as alarmed cries rippled through it.
“Stop!” Jesse rushed toward Ashton and grabbed his elbow. He tugged Ashton toward him and he stumbled, but the guard did not loosen his grip.
The guard pulled Ashton back again—roughly¬— and his arm was torn from Jesse’s grip. Ashton was plastered against the guard, his chest solid behind him.
“Let him go!” Jesse said, appealing to the witch. “This is absurd. He isn’t a fugitive—and he sure as hell doesn’t have the cure inside him. You must be insane to assume that it’s so important. It’s a blood sample, right? Come on, he’s just a normal guy!” Ember quirked one slender eyebrow. Her glittering eyes surpassed Ashton, staring into Jesse with a gaze both beautiful and cruel.
“Well, Ashton?” said Ember, swirling the bright wine. “It seems you’ve been keeping secrets from your friends. Do you wish to refute my claim?”
Jesse turned to him, and he could sense Ashton’s desperation, even if he couldn’t look at him. Ashton focused only on the witch, his jaw aching with hatred.
“If I had not escaped you,” he said, “I would be a slave under your rule. I will not apologize for leaving.” Ember watched him, smirking, silently prompting him to get onto the part about the cure, tell not only Jesse but the entire Otherworld of his importance to the creation of the cure.
Gulping, Ashton squared his shoulders. “A scientist by the name of Chris Ivan was taking people in my age group to test his newest cure on. None of the cures he’d made worked, and countless lives were scarred,” he said, refusing to meet Jesse’s gaze. “They came to get me not long after I returned to my father, and I was certain that I’d never return to him the same. For as long as I can remember, I’ve never been able to spawn skyrunners. No matter how much negativity I experienced, not one appeared. I’ve always questioned it, but no one knew why I’m like this. I didn’t think this would make any difference when Dr. Ivan took me in to test his cure. Only, when the process endured… he figured it out. We also figured out that whatever it is that’s preventing me from spawning skyrunners is inside me. And I want to do anything I can to make sure that cure is created.”
A cry rang out from the trembling crowd. A round of gasps, a soft thud. Someone had fainted.
“Anyways, I want no apologies for leaving my side,” said Ember, flashing a wicked smile. “I only want to see the wrongs of your life righted, swiftly and surely.”
“You want to see me dead.”
“How bright he is. Yes, I do. And not just you, but all those like you. If there are any like you, that is. You’re a threat to society, a danger to our ideal culture.”
“Because you can’t have skyrunners worship you and hurt anyone and everyone you want?”
The witch’s lips tightened, hardening like plaster on her face. Her voice fell, chilling the room. A sudden burst of rain behind her shook the walls.
“It is not only for me, but for all on Earth as well. You and that cure inside of you are a plague.” She paused, a lightness returning to her eyes, as if she might laugh. “And you may be quite literally, it seems.”
“My Mistress,” said Ragnar, “refers to what a terrible thing that cure can become. The skyrunners really aren’t as horrible as you believe. Yes, the skyrunners wreak such havoc on these citizens, and your own families… but they’re only making us stronger. That is, if you defeat them. May our elders rest in—”
“You’re insane! How can skyrunners be good?” said Jesse.
Ragnar crossed his arms. “Hadn’t your brilliant scientists drawn that conclusion yet? Everyone carries skyrunners. Well, except for Ashton. They bring them wherever they go. They continue to spread them, without concern, it seems, for the lives they are taking. But if you defeat them, you’ll learn from the situation that brought this negativity in the first place. And perhaps skyrunners will lessen on their own.”
Ashton shook his head. “No,” he said. “Many times they don’t know they’re doing it. How could they? And what can we do, other than try to find a cure? Then there won’t be any tormenting!”
The witch laughed sharply. “Ignorance is your defense? How trite. You must see the truth, the fact that you should be dead. It would be so much better for everyone if you were.”
“And for the record,” said Ashton, his voice rising, “I’m not a plague. Those beasts are.” The queen smirked, unconvinced.
“That’s enough,” said Elain. “I don’t care what he is. Ashton is a person, and he’s got a right to live. You can’t just kill him!”
Ember did not tear her gaze from Ashton. “Harbouring this runaway is grounds for war, Elain. You know this,” said Ember. “But perhaps we can reach some sort of a compromise.”
Jesse glared, focusing on the witch in time to see a cruel tilt of her lips.
“Now, the way I see it, all you seem to care for is this boy. Well, here is your chance to prove it.” She coquettishly dipped her lashes. “So tell me, Jesse, are you prepared to bargain for him?”
“Bargain,” said Jesse, “for his life?”
Twenty-Seven
“Welcome to the world of true politics.” Ember took a sip of her wine. Despite her blood-red lips, no mark was left on the glass.
“This is not the time or the place to be having this discussion,” Jesse said with a barely restrained growl.
“Isn’t it? It seems to me that this discussion involves every being in this place. After all, you want the skyrunners gone. You want to keep these people safe. You want to keep your friends safe. These are all admirable goals.” Her gaze slid to Ashton. “You also want to save this hapless creature. So be it.”
“And you?” said Jesse.
“I want the skyrunners to flourish.” Ember grinned deviously. “This way your friend will live, but he’ll spend the rest of his days in prison, so I have peace of mind that he won’t attempt to race off and create the cure under my nose. And I want my skyrunners to thrive and increase in return. The alternative is to kill Ashton, and I’ll make sure to keep the skyrunners at this number. No more, no less. You have my word.”
Ashton squirmed against the guard. “Jesse, no!”
Jesse turned back to him. His eyes were turbulent.
“It won’t make a difference,” Ashton said. “Either way, it won’t matter. You know it won’t.”
“Silence him,” ordered Ember.
The guard clamped a hand over his mouth, pulling him hard against his chest, but he couldn’t keep Ashton’s eye from pleading.
Jesse released a strangled breath. He gazed up at the raging storm for a moment, shoulders quaking, before he turned and swept his gaze over the booths and tents. The world of many colors. The frightened, confused faces around him.
He rolled his shoulders back and looked toward the witch. “I know how powerful you are, Ember. I know you’ve got more power than both Earth and the Otherworld combined, and I don’t want our forces tested against each other. I don’t know the ways of you and your people, and I can’t criticise you for the way you’ve taught them. But I want to believe that you’ve always had their best interests at heart.” He met Ashton’s gaze. His shoulders became rigid. “But your way isn’t the way things are supposed to be.”
The air sucked out of the room, low rushed whispers scattering in the crowd. Relief swelled in Jesse, but it was squashed when Ashton met his gaze, and he could not have looked more miserable. Jesse wished he could tell him it was all right. He understood. This was not worth starting a war over.
Ember’s lips were pinched, her face static except for the slow drawing back of her ears, the almost undetectable clenching of her jaw. “You’ve made your decision?”
“Yes,” said Jesse. “I want Ashton to live, but not in prison. I’ll make sure he doesn’t go off to make the cure, but in return, you have to leave the skyrunners. As in, don’t control them yourself anymore.” He lifted his chin as if settling himself to the decision. “I’ve meant no disrespect, Ember.”
“You already have,” said Ember. The glass in her hand shattered, sending bits of crystal cascading to the hard floor. Jesse jumped, a chorus of screams burst from the crowd as they drew back, but the guard holding Ashton back seemed immune to the outburst. “My requirements were made quite clear to the Otherworld, as they have been made quite clear to you, and you are a fool to deny them.” She tossed the glass’s thin stem at a booth. Blood-red wine trickled from her fingertips. “Do you insist on denying my requests?”
“Ember—”
“Answer the question.”
Elain suddenly gasped. Her knees collapsed, and she slumped against a nearby guard, who pushed her back upright. She shut her eyes as she massaged her temples, then opened them again. A look of pure disgust overcame her expression.
Elain was still gawking at the witch when she realized that the arguing had ceased. Her reaction had been so abrupt that everyone’s attention had returned to her.
“God,” she whispered. She blinked several times and squinted, as though trying to make sense of a two-headed Martian. “It really is an illusion. You’re not beautiful.”
“What?” Jesse eyes were wild in the amazement and confusion. “Elain, you… her powers don’t… you can see through her illusion?”
Elain looked from Ember to Jesse with a fearful nod, clutching her head.
Jesse shook his head and approached her. “Elain, I never knew that.”
“There’s a lot you don’t know about me,” Elain said. “When I was really little I could see ghosts. Dead people. After I met Ember and she took me in to her team, it stopped, but now… now it’s coming back.”
The witch paled. The world seemed to have frozen around them, the witch’s greatest secret revealed to Elain. The longer she stared, the more that gradually filled in Ember’s true features.
She was so entranced with the slow revealing that she didn’t notice Ember curling her long fingers at her side. It was not until an electric current seemed to shimmer in the air that Elain snapped her focus away from the revealing.
The witch flexed her fingers. The guard pulled away, releasing Ashton’s wrists.
Jesse watched Ashton planting his feet, watched him barely catching himself from falling forward—at the same time that his hand reached back, and snatched the gun from the guard’s holster.
Jesse stiffened as Ashton clenched the heavy gun so abruptly, unexpectedly in his hand. His finger slipped over the trigger as if it were an extension of him. It appeared to be comfortable in his palm. But it shouldn’t have.
Jesse’s heart thudded.
Ashton lifted the gun, pressing the barrel against his own temple. A shuddering cry escaped him. Sweaty hair clinging to his forehead.
His one real golden eye darted to the left, unable to see the gun or his own traitorous hand holding it. He looked at the witch, the crowd, Jesse.
Ashton’s whole body was shaking, but for his confident arm holding the gun poised to kill him.
“No! Leave him alone!” Jesse rushed for him, grasping his elbow. He tried to yank it away, but he was immobilized, solid as a statue. “Let him go!”
“J-Jesse,” Ashton stammered, terror seizing his tone. He urged his hand to drop the gun, urged his finger to pull away from the trigger, but it was useless. He squeezed his eyes shut. His head throbbed. His finger twitched, briefly, then solidified again.

Jesse imagined what the gun would sound like. He imagined the blood. He imagined Ashton’s brain shutting down, feeling nothing.
Ashton’s finger slowly, slowly pulled down on the trigger.
Until a fire exploded in the booth behind Ember, the flames licking the sky, connecting with the other fire-y booths on either side, and then gradually began to spread to the rest of the booths in its row. Through it all, Ember was sent toppling to the ground, losing her control on Ashton.
Ashton screamed and forced the gun away from his head. Arm straight, barrel pointed at the sky. He stopped fighting it. Pulled the trigger.
The crowd screamed and surged for the exits.
Ashton crumpled to his knees and doubled over, cradling the gun against his stomach.
Jesse caught the witch’s eye. Ember was pushing herself up off the ground, and her rage seemed to hiccup when their gazes met. The witch gasped and drew back a step. For a moment, she looked almost afraid.
“Impossible,” she whispered.
Jesse grabbed the gun from Ashton and pulled at his elbow to stand, then pointed the gun at the witch. He pulled the trigger.
The golden-haired guard was standing nearby. Ember’s fists clenched, eyes sparking, and the guard dove to cover her, moving as awkwardly as a puppet on her strings. The bullet hit him in the shoulder.
Ember didn’t even flinch.
Jesse’s brain caught up with his body as blood dripped over the guard’s uniform.
Jesse dropped the gun on the ground, grabbed Ashton by his sleeve, and ran. He knew the frantic crowd was nearly impassable, and he and Ashton barrelled toward the closest exit, the massive doors that led to the parking lot.
Almost miraculously, it seemed as though the storm was lifting. The rain had become a light sprinkle, though it was barely noticeable with the surrounding ruckus of the Others racing to their vehicles to dart home.
They stopped underneath a lamppost in the center of the lot, hidden from sight within the swarming crowds. They leaned against the post, chests rising and falling, hearts pounding. Jesse could feel the adrenaline pulsating through his veins. His mind was bouncing back and forth from Ember, Elain and her ability to see ghosts and overpass the witch’s tricks, how they’d left her behind, where Ragnar had disappeared, and how that booth exploded just in time before Ember could make Ashton shoot himself. He couldn’t focus on just one thing, muscles aching, head throbbing.
“Jesse,” Ashton breathed, stepping away from the post. The soft light from the lamppost gently illuminated his features, glinting off his giant teeth. “I’m sorry about everything back there, everything you heard, what you saw. I just want you to know—”
“Sorry?” Jesse furrowed a brow. “Ash, what are you sorry about? It’s that witch who should be sorry! All of this is because of her. I can’t believe all the stuff that went down in there.”
“Yeah,” said Ashton. “I almost can’t believe it, myself.” He crossed his arms and looked toward the exit, packed with line-ups of vehicles itching to get out of the fairgrounds. He glanced over his shoulder and spotted another exit, leading down a lengthy flight of stairs.
Ashton crossed his arms with an exhale, and looked at Jesse through his sweaty, matted white bangs. “Hey, let’s get out of here. I don’t know where we’ll go, but we just can’t stay here. If we linger, Ember or Ragnar could find us. And Elain, well, I’m not exactly up to going back in there to search for her. It’s risky.”
Jesse eyed him as he turned to leave. “Ashton, about that whole thing back there with the cure…”
Ashton spun around and looked at him, raising a hand to awkwardly scratch the back of his head. “Oh… yeah,” said Ashton. “Right. That. Don’t get mad, I just thought—”
“Hey, it’s okay. It’s just,” said Jesse, his voice lowering even though the noise of chatter and engines as they prepared to take off had filled the air around them, “why didn’t you tell me?”
Ashton opened his mouth, but his words snagged in his throat. He wanted to refute Ember’s claim, to call her a liar. But what would that get him? More lies.
He wanted to feel relief now that they had no more secrets, but there was something inside that made him feel uneasy about the whole thing.
Ashton opened his mouth again, unsure what he was going to say until the faint words came to him. “I didn’t want you to worry. About me.”
Jesse’s eyes softened and the corners of his mouth curled in a slight smile. “It’s not a big deal,” he said.
Ashton blinked at his reply. He knew, but didn’t shudder or tense? And why did he look so calm about it? Unless Jesse really didn’t care about what happened to him.
“It’s just,” Ashton started, running his tongue across his teeth, “it isn’t something I like to talk about. I haven’t told anyone who… er…”
Jesse half-smiled at him. “Who would be jealous?”
Ashton’s words evaporated. He was about to say anyone who he was afraid might miss him too much and attempt to stop him, but… jealous?
“Huh?” Ashton said. “Jealous?”
“Sure,” Jesse shrugged. “I get what you were thinking. I mean, who wouldn’t be jealous of someone with the cure to skyrunner erasure running in their blood? To get to meet scientists and return home a hero?”
Ashton scratched the back of his head, furrowing his brow. Where had Jesse gotten that idea? Ashton wouldn’t be going home, or even be around to hear people call him a “hero.”
He replayed Ember’s accusation from the festival over again in his head, and realized that she hadn’t said anything about his death, or a surgery. Ashton himself hadn’t even covered it. So Jesse had assumed that the source of the cure wasn’t in fact in his brain and he wouldn’t have to die.
He felt sudden relief that Jesse still didn’t know, yet the knowing realization was unsettling all the same.
Ashton’s gaze shifted over Jesse’s shoulder, focusing on nothing. “I know,” he muttered. “I should have said something about it.”
Jesse laughed. “And don’t worry about it. I won’t prevent you from making that cure.”
“Whew, you had me worried,” said Ashton. He smiled, as he hadn’t actually been worried, and brushed his bangs out of his eyes.
Jesse’s eye caught on something—a clear spot in his pupil, his good eye, almost like a marble. “Hold still,” he said, reaching forward.
Ashton did the opposite, panicking and patting his face. “What? What is it? A bug? A spider?”
“I said, hold still!” Jesse grabbed Ashton’s shoulder, examined his eye—and froze.
Letting go of Ashton’s shoulder, he stumbled back.
“What? What is it?” Ashton turned to look at his face through the rear-view mirror of a parked car, but then spotted the clear spot on his eye.
He looked up at Jesse, blood draining from his face. “A… a speck?” he said, beginning to rub it. “From the festival?”
Jesse gulped and neared him with hesitant footsteps, holding his breath. He looked directly into Ashton’s eye, tilting his face away from the moonlight, hoping it was just a reflection. But it was still there. The eye even appeared to be slightly swelling.
His fingers trembled. He pulled away, meeting Ashton’s gaze.
Aston’s cancer had returned to his other eye.
He obviously knew it, too, and Ashton screamed.

Twenty-Eight
His shrieks filled the parking lot, seeping into the cracks and corners of the entire area. Jesse knew the sound must have reached the rest of the fairgrounds, as people were starting to stare, even as Ashton’s voice cracked and he dissolved into hysteria.
Jesse stood trembling, unable to move. Wanting to comfort Ashton. Wanting to run away.
How was this possible?
Ashton was young, healthy. He couldn’t have gotten eye cancer. Not again. Not after already losing one eye.
Ashton cried, rubbing repeatedly at his eye, the spot.
“Ashton—”
He tentatively reached forward, but Ashton stumbled back, swiping at his wet cheeks and nose. “Don’t come near me!”
Jesse retracted his hand. He heard people running up, their chatter an irritating buzzing in his ear. He hated to admit it, but he was scared.
“I said, get back!” Ashton collapsed to his knees, hunching over his stomach.
Jesse took two steps away, then lingered, watching Ashton rock himself back and forth in the moonlight.
“I… need to call an ambulance. To—”
To come and take you away.
Ashton didn’t respond. His whole body was rattling. Jesse could hear his teeth clattering in between the wails.
Jesse shivered as he rubbed at his arms. He thought of the hospital. Of Ashton lying in there as the doctor proceeded to gouge his eye out. His last eye, which, afterward, would make him blind.
His stomach plummeted.
Was this somehow his fault? Had something triggered the cancer?
He shivered again. Stumbled back. Ashton’s sobs filled his head, suffocating him.
Adrenaline coursed through his veins, wishing he could pulled out his cell phone to dial 911, until he realized that the people surrounding them already had phones out, chatting and typing frantically.
He clenched his jaw, feeling the painful dryness of his throat. A throbbing headache and tears that prickled the back of his eyes was enough for him to collapse to his knees, and wrap his arms around Ashton in a hug.
“Why?” Ashton said, his voice stammering. “What did I do?”
“You didn’t do anything,” said Jesse. “This isn’t your fault. An ambulance is on its way.”
“W-what?” Ashton glanced at him, his whole face red. “No. No, they can’t. They’ll see. They’ll run tests and they’ll see the mendorphins. They’ll know that I can’t spawn skyrunners, and they’ll try something. Don’t let them. Please, Jesse. You can’t let them take me!”
“Ashton, you’ll only get worse. But I won’t leave you alone, okay? Please, just stop crying.”
Feeling dizzy, Jesse realized he’d been breathing too shallowly. He pulled away before filling his lungs with the fresh, cool night air. “Ashton… I’m so sorry.”
Ashton squeezed his eyes and buried his face again. His white-striped brown hair was a mess of tangles sticking up in every direction, stark against his pale skin. A hiccup, followed by another sob. “I don’t want to go.”
“I know.”
It was all Jesse could think to say. Don’t be scared? It will be all right? He couldn’t lie, not when it would be so obvious.
“I wish there was something…” He stopped himself. He heard the sirens before Ashton did. “I’m so sorry.”
Ashton swiped at his nose with his sleeve, leaving a trail of mucus. Then kept crying. He didn’t respond until the wails of the sirens reached his ears and his head snapped up. He stared into the distance, the entrance of the fairgrounds somewhere beyond the vehicles. Eyes rounded. Lips trembling. Face blotchy red.
Jesse’s heart shrivelled in on itself.
Mud was seeping in through the holes in his boots, but he ignored it as Ashton grasped at his jacket, sobs renewed.
“I’m so sorry.”
“What will you tell everyone?”
Jesse bit his lips. “I don’t know.” Then, “The truth, I suppose.”
Bile rose in his mouth. Maybe it was a sign. Maybe stomach sickness was a symptom. Then he shook his head, telling himself to get a grip.
Ashton suddenly shoved him away, scooting back in the gravel. “Jesse, you don’t have cancer. But they will take you. They’ll find out that you don’t belong in this world. They’ll know you’re with me. You have to get out of here.”
Jesse hesitated. He heard the crunch of wheels over the gravel and the scattered pop cans from the festival. He didn’t want to leave Ashton, but what would happen to him if he stayed?
He sat back on his heels, and then clambered to his feet. Red flashing lights were nearing them from the shadows. The fire department would be with them, to take care of the flames.
Jesse was sweating in his jacket. His breathing had shallowed again.
“Ashton…”
“Go! Go away!”
Jesse stepped back. He moved toward the opposite exit, his body feeling as numb as his prosthetic leg. Ashton’s sobs chased after him.
Their eyes met. Jesse opened his mouth to say something but nothing came out. He tried to plead forgiveness with his eyes.
The faintest of smiles touched Ashton’s face. He raised a hand and waved with only his fingers.
Jesse returned it, the painful feeling that it should be him.
He had already outlived fate once. He should be the one about to be carted away. He should be the one about to die. It should be him.
But it wasn’t.
He wasn’t going with Ashton.
Red lights flashed in his eyes, briefly blinding him, the sirens deafening him. For the shortest of moments, Jesse was in a timeless, soundless void of light.
Then he ran.
Faces and vehicles peeled away from his vision. Knowing the frenzied crowd was impenetrable, he barrelled toward the nearest exit, the massive doors that led into the back gardens. Past the guards, past the Others, gravel crunching beneath his boots.
He found the exit in a heartbeat, but before he could race out of the property, he paused to look over his shoulder at the scene. At the friend he had been forced to leave behind.
People were climbing out of the ambulance with a gurney between them. The giant fire truck was parked by the front doors to the festival, dousing the whole place in water. Some firemen had already gone inside to check for stragglers.
It was difficult to see past the many heads of the crowd, but Jesse managed to catch sight of Ashton being helped atop the gurney. He was sitting up with his hands wrapped around his knees. Even from meters away Jesse could spot the swollen eye darting around the parking lot, searching for an escape. The tapping fingers. The jostling foot.
But he didn’t try to run.
Jesse wrapped his arms around himself before turning away from the scene, and watched Ashton lay down as he was carted away, curling up like a child.
The stairway stretched before him. Fifteen steps behind the towering wall, the gate, and then the city lights in the distance—escape.
On the fifth step he heard a bolt crack in his prosthetic leg. Wires tore loose, like tendons stretched to the max. He felt a loss of strength at the base of his calf and he fell, shouting, and tried to block his fall with his hands. A shock of pain jolted into his shoulder and into his spine. Metal clattered against stone as he crashed down to the gravel pathway.
He lay sprawled on his side. Holes frayed his jeans and scratches burned his hands where he’d tried to shield himself. He could feel blood streaming out of his elbow.
Jesse struggled to breathe. His head felt suddenly heavy, and he let it slump against the ground, the tiny pebbles digging into his scalp. His roaming eyes squinted up at the sky, where the full moon sought to break free of the clouds half-covering it. It seemed to burn a hole above as though it planned to swallow up the entire sky.
Movement drew his eye back to the steps. The guard that had been lingering at the top had reached the bottom of the stairs and froze. Ragnar was beside him in a second, followed by Elain, who screeched to a halt, grasping the railing to stop herself.
Her eyes drunk him in—a torn and bloody mess, hair tangled, dirt streaking his face and clothes, wires and parts protruding from his metal leg. Her jaw hung open, and she looked as though she might become sick at the sight of him.
More pounding at the top of the stairs. Ember appeared, but her pretty and defined features could not hide the fury burning and writhing within her. Gathering her blackened, torn and dirty skirt in both hands, she moved to stomp down the steps toward Jesse, but Elain stopped her once she reached the bottom with a gentle hand and gestured to the wall of the fairgrounds.
Jesse followed the movement.
A security camera. Pointing at him. Recording everything.
The last remnants of strength fled from Jesse, leaving him exhausted and weak.
Ember crept toward him as if sneaking up on an injured animal. Stooping, she scooped up the prosthetic foot that had slid out of his boot. Her jaw flexed as she studied it, perhaps remembering it from that sunny afternoon when her real-self had confronted him about his prosthetic on their way home from school. She looked at him. Smiled.
Then Jesse got it. She’d used more mind tricks to mentally break his leg. He glared.
Ragnar shook his head, arms crossed. “Disgusting,” he said from the foot of the steps, safely hidden from the camera’s view. His words were loud and unnaturally forced, compared to his usual sarcastic, raspy tone. “Death would be merciful.”
The guard took a single step toward him. He was pointing a gun.
Elain was watching him, progressing slowly toward Jesse until she was at least four paces away. It seemed she had to force herself to meet his gaze, and she flinched at first. Jesse couldn’t read her, the ever-changing mix of guilt and pride and regret. Her chest was heaving. She couldn’t speak.
Finally she peeled her gaze away, finding some pace of resignation off in the twinkling lights of the city.
Setting her jaw, Elain turned back to Ember. Jesse stared up at the back of her crimson dress, the rose pinned to her shoulder, beads still hanging off her deer antlers. She was sweating, bits of ash from the fire clinging to her reddish-brown hair.
Ember shoved the leg into Elain’s arms and pointed her head to the guard, a proud look in her eyes. “He will be taken into custody,” Ember said, lips dangerously close to his ears. Another spell, no doubt. More tricks. “He will be imprisoned until I can decide what to do with him. Understood?”
The guard nodded, the look in his face absent and dreaming. Ember’s grin darkened, her gaze still pinned to Jesse’s.
“He will be my prisoner,” Ember finally conceded. “He will be taken to the Forest District and tried under our judicial system.”
In other words, Jesse was going to die.
Ember tilted her head up, casting one last proud smile at him, before stepping aside as police officers and more guards trudged down the steps. They lifted Jesse’s broken body off the gravel path. He tried his very best to stand, peering at Elain.
She didn’t look at him as he was dragged past her. Her eyes were locked onto the dirty prosthetic leg, her fingertips white from gripping it too hard.

He lay on his back, listening to the steady tapping of his fingernails against the white resin floor of his white resin prison cell. Of all the thoughts that should have been taking up his mind, a single moment seemed captured in his thoughts, stuck on endless repeat.
Friday afternoon before spring break, the humid air in the classroom, the endless drawl of Mr. Newlyn by the front board. Before any of this had happened—before Emberlee had asked him to the party, before he’d met Ashton, before he’d even first set foot in the Otherworld. He was just one teenager against the world, and then Emberlee waltzed in like she was the princess with all the charms he pretended to be immune to. And she was there, before him, while he tottered on a single real foot and tried to calm his rapidly beating heart. How he could barely meet her gaze. How she leaned forward, forced him to see her, smiled.
There.
That moment. That smile.
Again and again and again.
Jesse sighed and changed the tempo of his tapping fingers.
The media was rife with footage from the festival. He had watched about five seconds of the footage when he was being taken into prison—him in his dirty clothes tumbling down the steps, his foot breaking off—before refusing to watch any more. The footage made him look like a madman. Surely, every Other on the Otherworld would bid him good riddance when Ember claimed him and took him to the Shadow District. For his “trial.”
He heard the skyrunner-guard’s footsteps, muffled, on the other side of the cell door. Everything around him was white, including the brilliantly bleached cotton jumpsuit they’d put him in when he’d been forced to discard his Other’s destroyed outfit and the bits of metal and plastic from his prosthetic that hadn’t already been ripped away. They hadn’t yet bothered to turn out the eye-straining lights either, leaving him restless and exhausted. He was beginning to wonder if it would be a relief when the witch came for him, if maybe he would at least be allowed a moment’s sleep.
The door clunked, startling him. He squinted at the tiny window that had opened up in the door, seeing the shadow of a skyrunner’s head on the iron gate. The back of its head. None of the guards would look at him.
“You have a visitor.”
He propped himself up on his elbows. “The witch?”
The guard snorted. “Yeah, right.” The skyrunner’s shadow disappeared from view.
“Kindly open the door if you would,” said a familiar voice in a familiar tone. “I must speak with him in private.” Jesse climbed to his one foot, leaning against the glass-smooth wall.
“He’s under top security,” gurgled the guard. “I can’t let you go in. You must speak with him through the grate.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. Do I look like a threat to security?”
Jesse hopped to the window and bounced on his toes. It was a woman in a black cloak, the hood pulled up, and she was holding a pale linen bag. Jesse could only see her nose and mouth, and even then there was something hauntingly familiar about her. Though she had to crane her head back to meet the guard’s eye, her stance was undaunted.
“I am the second-leading assistant of the Skychasers,” said the woman, “and this boy is our leader. I require him to sign a contract before he’s taken away.”
“I have my orders, ma’am. You’ll have to obtain an official release from the witch herself to be allowed entrance.” The woman let her shoulders slump and loosened her hold on the bag. “All right. If that’s protocol, I understand.” But instead of turning away, she fiddled with the button holding her cloak together around her neck, her expression momentarily darkening, before she flashed another grin at the guard. “There, you see?” she said, her voice sending an odd ripple down Jesse’s spine. The woman continued, the cadence of her words as soothing as a song. “I have obtained the necessary release from the witch.” She swooped her hands toward the cell door. “You may open the door.” Jesse blinked as if to clear cobwebs from his mind. It seemed this woman meant to get herself arrested as well, but then the guard turned toward him with a dazed expression and opened the door.
Jesse stumbled back, catching himself on the wall.
“Thank you kindly,” said the woman, entering the cell without turning her back on the guard. “I’ll ask that you give us a bit of privacy. I won’t be but a minute.”
The guard shut the door without argument. Footsteps echoed off down the corridor.
The woman turned around and lowered her hood. A long mess of white curly hair spilled out, and she tossed her long mane over her shoulder. She snatched a breath when her bright green eyes fell on Jesse. Her lips parted momentarily before she turned her head away and squeezed her eyes shut. When she opened them again, the look of amazement had softened over her features. “Quite the predicament you’ve gotten yourself into, isn’t it?”
Jesse lifted his finger toward the door. “What did you do? A trick?”
The woman waved away the look. “Don’t worry about that. We haven’t time for explanations. I must be quick before anyone’s suspicions are raised.”
“My suspicions are raised.”
She ignored him, her gaze sweeping down Jesse’s form—the white jumper, bulky and loose over his slender frame, a couple bruises and scratches from his fall, his right foot missing from his cuffed pant leg.
“You’ve lost your foot.”
“Yeah, I noticed. What are you?”
“What? Aren’t you going to ask who I am first?”
“You’re a stranger,” he said. “Stranger than the usual people I’ve seen around here, actually.” It was true—her image seemed to waver before him, flickering in and out of focus. Or more likely, he realized, it was the lingering effects from using those strange powers of hers on the guard. “What are you?”
The woman hesitated a moments before answering. “I’m a witch. Well, sort of…but my powers are weak. The effects never last more than a few hours, and I can’t kill anyone with them. When I got my powers, they were essentially supposed to be used to protect. I used to work for Ember, and I was her protector. She gave me my powers, and I’ve been with her the longest. But ever since I escaped, I haven’t been using my magic…much. But you can trust me.”
Jesse frowned. “It seems everyone’s leaving her.”
The woman shrugged. “She’s awful. I’ve been in hiding for about five years now. But I do believe she was a bit smitten with you. To find out you weren’t on her side anymore, well…she wants you to die now, I’m sure.”
Jesse ran a frustrated hand through his hair, tangled from four days of nervously bunching it up in his fists. “Ember forced me to choose. Either kill my best friend and let the number of skyrunners remain, or let him live in jail and have the skyrunners increase. Otherwise she said she would declare war.”
“It seems neither decision would have been the right one. It wouldn’t have made a difference.”
“That’s not the point. Ember won’t be satisfied with choosing neither decision for long.”
“Of course not. Nor would she have let you live for long had you chosen anyway. She very much wants you dead, more than you realize—which won’t be long now, I think.”
Jesse squinted at her. “It seems to me like she’s doing everything she can to keep me confined.”
“Indeed.” She twiddled her thumbs. “That complicates matters, doesn’t it?”
“What do you—?”
“Why don’t we sit? You cannot be comfortable standing on one foot like that.” The woman sank down onto the cell ’s single bed. Jesse slid down the wall opposite her.
“How are you doing?”
“Fine,” he flexed his fingers, “but it could be worse.”
“Yes, I’ve heard how the witch attacked you. It was your friend that saved you, wasn’t it?”
Jesse shrugged. “I guess so.”
“Either way, Ember must have been caught quite off guard. Although I suspect the fireworks display you put on may not have endeared you to many Others.”
Jesse pulled his knee up to his chest. “It’s probably a good thing I’m in here. There’s nowhere out there I would fit in, not after that.” He gestured to some nonexistent place beyond the white walls. “Good thing Ember’s going to put me out of my misery.”

“Is she, Jesse? That’s a shame. I was hoping you would have inherited more gumption from your journey.”
“Sorry. I seem to have lost my gumption when my foot fell off during a live recording.”
The woman wrinkled her nose at him. “You worry so much about such silly things.”
“Silly?”
The woman smirked. A look so painfully familiar. “I came down here for a very important reason, you know, and we haven’t got all day.”
“Right.” Jesse grumbled, holding out a hand expectantly. “I’ll sign. I guess there’s no use in refusing.”
The woman patted his hand. “That was a ruse. I am not here for a contract. There’s no need for anything to do with the witch in the Light District. Her magic doesn’t affect me there.”
Jesse let his hand sink back into his lap. “The Light District?”
“Yes, I am going to the Light District.”
“When?”
“Well, I’m going to try to leave in about three minutes. There is much work to be done, and it will be difficult to complete it in a jail cell, so I’ve decided to finally go to where the witch can’t find me, and my real self will be happy.” She spun her fingers through the air, as if gesturing at an invisible map.
Jesse raised a brow in suspicion. “So why are you here?”
“To invite you to join me there. When it’s convenient, of course.”
Jesse scowled. “Gee, thanks, lady. I’ll check my calendar to see when I’ll be available again.”
“I hope you will, Jesse Tynan.” She slid off the bed and got on her knees before him, taking her bag and clenching it excitedly in her fists. “You see, I wanted my grandson to come with me.”
Jesse opened his mouth to accuse her of being crazy, until the woman gave him a wink and a wave of reminiscence swept over him. He blinked at her incredulously. “Gran?” he tried not to let his jaw hang open. “But… this isn’t a trick, is it? It’s really you?”
She nodded, grinning.
“But, you look so… so young!”
“You’re only as young as you believe you are,” she said, digging through her bag. “Here, I have a gift for you. Two gifts, in fact.” Maloree reached into the bag and pulled out a prosthetic foot and an electric drill, both gleaming beneath the bright lights. Jesse’s eyebrows shot up.
“State of the art,” said Maloree. “Fully accessorized. Plated with 100 percent titanium. And look!” Like a child with a new toy, she fidgeted with the foot’s calf, revealing a hidden flashlight, a stiletto knife, and a projectile gun. “It’s a pillar of usefulness. The tranquilizer darts are stored in here.” She opened a compartment on the heel, revealing a dozen skinny darts.
“That’s…fantastic. Now when I’m on the chopping block, I can at least take a few bystanders down with me.”
“Exactly!” She chuckled. Jesse frowned, irritated, but Maloree was too busy ogling the prosthetic to notice. “I had them made especially for your Other. If I’d had more time, I could have done a skin graft, but we can’t have everything, I suppose.”
Jesse took the parts when she handed them to him, inspecting their craftsmanship with trepidation.
“Don’t let the guard see those, or I really will be in trouble,” she said.
“Thanks. I sure am excited to wear them for the last few hours of my life.”
With a sly grin, Maloree cast her gaze around the small cell. “Funny, isn’t it? So much advancement, so much technology. But even the most complicated security systems aren’t designed with powerful boys with a fancy foot in mind. I guess it’s a good thing there aren’t many of people like you around, or we might have a reputation for jailbreaks.”
“What? Are you crazy?” Jesse said, voice dropping to a harsh whisper. “Are you suggesting that I should try to escape?”
“That’s what the drill is for,” she said. “But in fact, I am a little bit crazy these days.” Maloree scratched at her smooth cheek. “Can’t be helped. All that power and energy with nowhere to go, nothing to do….” She sighed whimsically. “But no, Jesse, I am not suggesting you should try to escape. I am saying you must escape. And you must do it soon. Your chances for survival will drop drastically once Ember comes for you.”
Jesse leaned back against the wall, sensing the start of a headache. “Look, I appreciate everything you’ve done for me, I really do. But even if I could find a way out of here, do you realize how livid Ember would be? You yourself said there will be horrible consequences if she doesn’t get what she wants. I am not worth starting a war over.”
Her eyes brightened, looking giddy for a moment. “Actually, you are.” He cocked his head, squinting at her. Maybe she really was mad.
Jesse bit the inside of his cheek. “Gran… ugh, I’m just so glad you’re okay. Can you tell me what’s going on in the real world? Have you escaped New Jersey?”
His grandmother patted his hand. “I know it will take time for you to come to terms with this,” said Maloree, “and I wish I could be here to help you through it. And I will. I will tell you everything you need to know when you get to the Light District. But now, it is imminent that you understand why you cannot let Ember take you. You are the only one who can get rid of her. Do you understand?”
He shook his head, dazed.
Maloree wrung the empty bag in her lap. “Jesse, listen to me. I have been trying to help and protect you for so many years. I wanted to keep the Otherworld a secret from you, and your…” her voice broke on the last word, “…your father. But when he and your mother died, Ember’s horrible warning when I had begun to rebel, and she knew how to attack me where it hurt most. And yet, there were so many times when I thought I would go crazy myself before being able to put an end to her. Before being able to tell you the truth. And then she was there—suddenly—in the doorway. I thought I’d lost you.”
Jesse raised a hand, cutting her off. “Stop. Just stop.” Jesse wrapped his fingers around the brand-new limb his grandmother brought him. His eyes darted around the cell, his breath coming in short gasps. He shut his eyes as a wave of dizziness washed over him.
“Why?” Jesse whispered. “Why am I the one in charge of the skyrunners?”
Maloree stirred, and when he dared to look up again, guilt had filled her eyes. “It’s mostly because of your ties to me. And…and it’s your negativity. Out of every Skychaser, you spawn the most skyrunners. And you’re strong, too. So… she put your Other in charge after your sister died. That’s when the skyrunners were spawning the most. If Ember isn’t stopped—”
Releasing the new prosthetic, Jesse covered his ears and buried his face against his knee. Ember’s boss. All those skyrunners. So many people convinced that he was evil. That his status as the witch’s leader would eventually be the death of them. Once a leader, always a leader.
And she’d only wanted to protect him from it.
“Jesse?”
“I’m going to be sick.”
Maloree pressed a hand to his shoulder, but he shook it off. “Nothing that has happened is your fault,” she said. “And now I’ve found you. We can begin to make it right again.”
“How can I make anything right? Ember’s going to kill me!”
“Of course, she will waste no time in killing you. I am sure they are planning their departure even at this moment.”
Jesse’s mouth grew dry.
“Look at me, Jesse.”
He obeyed. And though his grandmother’s eyes were breathtakingly green and filled with pity and almost even comforting, he somehow knew that she was not doing anything to manipulate his mind. This was just a woman who was determined to kill Ember and free the Otherworld.
A woman who had somehow placed all her hopes on him.
“Many people have been looking for you. But finding you and being able to kill you are two very different goals. I have planned this moment for a long time. I can help you.”
Jesse gawked at her as panic gripped his lungs.
Maloree cleared her throat. “I understand you are frightened right now, and confused. Do not think too much. All I’m asking is that you find a way out of this prison. I know you can do that. Then come to the Light District. I will guide you through the rest. Please. We cannot let Ember win.”
He couldn’t respond, couldn’t even begin to fathom what she was asking of him.
He shook his head. “No. I can’t. I refuse to be the leader—I’m nobody. I’m just one guy!”
Maloree folded her hands together. “If you won’t let me help you, Jesse, then she will have already won, won’t she? Soon Ember will take you away. She will wage war against the Otherworld and, I have no doubt, be victorious. Many will die, the rest will become slaves, just like those on her team. It is a sad fate but unavoidable, I suppose, if you are not willing to accept who you truly are.”
“That isn’t fair! You can’t just throw this on me and expect me to be able to do anything about it!”
“I don’t, Jesse. All I expect is for you to find a way out of this prison and come meet me in the Light Distict. We’ll get you to the skyrunner base there and send you home. Then together, we can fix everything.”
He stared at her, mouth agape, as those words gradually seeped into his brain: escape from prison, then go to the Light District.
It seemed almost easy when she said it like that.
“But…” Jesse realized. “I can’t. I have to save Ashton first. I can’t just leave him like that. Ember wants to kill him, to prevent him from making the cure.”
Maloree must have seen something change in his face for she lightly tapped her wrist again, then stood with the grace of a young woman. “I believe in you,” she said as she reached the doorway and rapped on the grate. “And whether or not the world knows it right now, the Others believe in you, too.”
The cell door opened, Maloree smiled and gave a nod at him, and she was gone.

Twenty-Nine
The Air District was all shadows, blurry, sleepy apartments and empty sidewalks. The buildings grew shorter with more space between them as the heart of the city was left behind. Pale sunlight crawled down the streets, sending long shadows across the pavement. It was like being inside a depressing storm cloud, though on brighter days he knew the place was more airy and light.
But then again, a lot had happened within the past few days. Not too pleasant things.
Ragnar knew he’d reached the clinic without his map’s help. He folded it up and tucked it into the pocket of his leather jacket, watching the factories roll by alongside squat concrete warehouses with gigantic roll-up doors that could accommodate even the largest delivery truck. Probably even cargo vehicles.
Ragnar scanned his card as he exited the taxi so the vehicle could debit his nearly depleted account, then ordered the driver to wait for him. He headed toward the nearest building where a group of androids stood by the door.
He tucked his hands into his pockets and tried to look confident as he walked, wondering what he would say if the androids questioned him. But they must not have been programmed to deal with healthy people coming into the hospital; they hardly even noticed him as he passed. He hoped it would be as easy to leave. Perhaps he should have stolen a pass.
Brightness from the outdoors spilled into the dark lobby. The stench of bleach and coffee reached out to him as she stepped inside. He reeled back, adjusting his visor as his stomach churned.
Ragnar caught a glimpse of the television hanging in the corner, still showing footage of the festival from earlier that week, the booth Ember had been standing in front of going up in flames again and again. Then of Jesse and his embarrassing tumble down those stairs. The screen was muted.
Ragnar entered the room, but halted mid-step when someone addressed him.
“Excuse me, sir, you need a registration or appointment to visit patients,” said a lady at the front desk. She eyed Ragnar with a severity in her slate-grey eyes. Ragnar sighed and turned to go to the desk. The woman opened a binder and began skimming through. “Name, please.”
“Erm, I didn’t make a reservation,” Ragnar answered awkwardly. “I’m here to see Ashton Blake. I’m his brother, Ragnar Blake.”
The woman was silent a few more moments, aggravating Ragnar, until she straightened with a smile. “Found you! He’s already mentioned you. Room 301, floor 2.” Razor sighed in relief and turned to continue, until he was stopped again. “I’m going to have to ask you to remove your helmet first, Ragnar.”
“Why?”
The woman gave him a severe look, her lips taut. “It’s procedure, Ragnar, and a form of respect. Please, nobody here will mind.”
Ragnar clenched a fist, unclenched. He hesitated before slowly raising his hands, gripping the edges of his helmet, and carefully removing it. He set it on the desk in front of him.
Choppy black hair tumbled out, sticking up in odd directions and spiking out around his ears. His irises were gold, his eyes round and wide, almost childish, but not nearly as huge in his head like his brother’s. He didn’t open his mouth to reveal the sharp, chipped, and even missing teeth he had from biting and chewing on so many things in his younger years, a habit recently returned to ease away his stress in a vicious and horrible cycle. His skin was pasty from not enough sunlight. A light dust of freckles clustered around his nose. Many people he’d known in the past months said he had a face identical to Ashton’s, except for the horrible scar that covered up a little less than half his face.
Refusing to linger any longer, or bother to listen to the receptionist, Ragnar walked proudly away.
Most of the rooms Ragnar passed were empty. The few patients he passed were either sleeping or staring blankly up at the ceiling. Glossy eyes looked up, following Ragnar as he hurried by.
More droids moved between the beds, supplying food and water, but none of them stopped Ragnar.
It was cooler in Ashton’s room, the concrete floor untouched by the sun. Opaque green curtains covered the window, swathing the room in a dingy haze. Gray light bulbs hummed overhead, but they did little to dispel the darkness.
His bed was lined up against the wall, and in it he found Ashton asleep, tangled in a stark white blanket. Ragnar wasn’t sure he would have recognized him if it hadn’t been for his blunt overbite. Though he was shivering, his forehead glistened with sweat.
Ragnar removed his gloves, shoved them in his pocket, and placed the back of his hand against Ashton’s forehead, warm to the touch and damp.
He removed his hand, wondering if he should wake him or if it was better to let him rest. Rocking back on his heels, he looked around. The walls around him were empty.
Ragnar started as he felt a tug on his left wrist. Ashton was gripping his cold fingers, squeezing with the little strength he had at that moment. His eyes watched Ragnar, pleading. Afraid. Awed, as if Ashton were seeing a ghost.
Ragnar swallowed hard and sat down on the bed. It was almost as hard as the floor.
“Hey, Ragnar.” Ashton said, his voice scratching at the words.
Ragnar flinched. He covered Ashton’s hand. “I, um, wanted to see you,” he said, as if it explained his presence.
Ashton’s gaze fell from him. His free hand traced a pattern in the blankets. They said nothing for a long time, until a shrill scream reached them. Ashton’s hands clenched as Ragnar spun around, searching, sure someone was being murdered.
A woman across the hall was thrashing in her bed, screeching, begging to be left alone as a calm nurse waited to inject her with a syringe. A minute later, two more nurses arrived to hold the woman still, forcing her down on the bed, holding her arm out to receive the shot.
Feeling Ashton curl up beside him, Ragnar turned back. Ashton was shaking.
“I’m being punished for something,” Ashton said, shutting his eyes.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Ragnar said. “Cancer, it’s just…it isn’t fair. I know. But you didn’t do anything wrong.” He patted his brother’s hand.
“Is dad…?”
“Probably heartbroken,” said Ragnar slowly. “I still haven’t spoken to him in years, you know. But… I know he misses you so much.”
Ashton’s eyes flickered open. He scanned Ragnar’s face, the shrivelled darker part that was his scar. He smiled. “I never thought I’d see your face again.” Lips parting, Ragnar rubbed absently at his scar, but Ashton didn’t wait for a reply. “You’re not leaving, right?” he said, gesturing to the chair across the room. “They’ve called dad by now. You have to stay to see him.”
Ragnar took a deep breath. “No, Ashton, I’m not…” He looked around but no one was paying them any attention. A nurse across the hall was helping the woman take a drink of water. “I’m not staying.”
Ashton frowned. “What are you so afraid of? You know the fire wasn’t your fault. You know… you know it wasn’t your fault that mom’s dead.”
“I know. It’s complicated. You see, it’s just… I’m afraid.”
Ashton’s tense brow melted. He scanned Ragnar’s face, neck, arms again, as if making sure he was really there, making sure he wasn’t dreaming. “Afraid?”
Ragnar rubbed Ashton’s hand more quickly, anxious now that he’d told someone. He absolutely hated being thought of as weak, and admitting he was afraid to face his father after so many years of trying to forget felt like he was labelling himself so.
The door slammed furiously, and Ragnar whipped around.
Behind them, Ember in a white silk grown stood against the closed door, eyeing the two of them with a mixture of repulsion and fear.
Ragnar’s stomach clenched. He drew a half step back to cover Ashton, wondering why the witch was there, how she’d found him.
Ember cleared her throat and crossed her arms. She looked like a skeleton in the pale lighting, mealy skin and jutting bones.
Without makeup, dark circles swelled beneath her bloodshot eyes. Her lips were set in a stiff line. She wasn’t using her powers to their full extent. Maybe on purpose. She looked like, well, a witch.
“I received a notification an hour ago,” she said once the silence had congealed in the room. “It informed me that you were picked up outside the headquarters and taken to the Air District.” Her eyes were flashing. “I knew immediately that you’d gone to see your precious brother, though I’d assumed you’d be here to kill him. But then I remembered that you tricked me. I knew that you were the one who started the fire. I knew that you’d betrayed me, and your partner. I’d figured it out. But you know that already, don’t you?”
Ragnar shifted when several of the witch’s members appeared from behind her. He tried not to look at them.
Without waiting for Ragnar’s answer, Ember lifted a communication device to her lips and said, “RPDV309, you can begin disposing of Ragnar’s things. Any clothing can go into waste collection—but take it to the alley yourself, I don’t want it clogging up the chutes. I suppose everything else can be sold at the market.” Her voice was sharp and steady, as if this list had been repeating in her head from the moment she’d found out that he’d gone.
“Yes, Mistress,” said the Skychaser.
Ragnar stayed, frozen, both hands clutching the edge of Ashton’s bed like he was his brother’s shield. Though the member was obviously incapable of ignoring Ember’s commands, it was clear from her slowness that she didn’t want to leave Ragnar alone so long as the three members surrounding her were watching Ragnar behind masks, covering their faces. One wore a disturbingly cheerful clown mask. The other a troll-like mask, and the other a werewolf. It was usually required for the Skychasers to hide their faces.
“Why,” said Ember, wringing her hands, “would you dare lie to me at the Aqua Festival?”
Ragnar drew backward. He drew in a heavy breath. His tongue felt swollen, his throat closing in. “I apologize. I just couldn’t let you kill Ashton like that. I didn’t know what else to do.”
Ember dropped her head, staring down at the checkered floor. Her body sagged against the door. “I wasn’t sure that you would remain with me so long, Ragnar. I expected to receive another notification at any minute after he’d left, telling me that you had also disappeared. But you remained. I had hope in you, until I realized that you’d just remained by my side to make sure nothing happened to your brother.” Ember pulled her shoulders back, lifting her gaze. The weakness passed, her dark eyes hardened. “These boys have just gotten back from an assignment. To take Elain to the Forest District to remain in our prison, under severe surveillance until we can figure out what to do with her. That is also where we’ve taken Jesse Tynan to dispose of him and his other.”
Ragnar started to nod, horrified, but Ember continued. “I don’t understand you, Ragnar. How could you be so selfish?”
He jerked his head, no. “I’m selfish? Coming from you of all people after you’ve killed off thousands of Others, not to mention you tricked everyone who’s ever laid an eye on you? You know, you’re right, Ember. I didn’t leave with my brother because I was afraid you’d hurt him. But also because I don’t have anywhere to go. If it weren’t for what was holding me back, I would have left a long time ago.”
Ember squeezed her fists. “Don’t insult me,” she said. “You must understand that I am doing what I must do, to protect myself and those like me.”
A tendril of fear curled in Ragnar’s stomach. “Ember?”
“It has been seven years since you became a part of this membership, Ragnar. Seven years since I found you with nothing but the clothes on your back, yet so much power and potential within, that I felt obligated to do you mercy and take you in, to teach you to control the negativity and enforce it. To be powerful and exceptional, under my watchful, almost motherly eye. You know that.”
Ragnar pursed his lips. The masked boys leered up at him.
He did know it, but he didn’t think Ember had ever put it so clearly.
“I’ve done my best to take care of you. Even when Ashton rebelled and finally disappeared, even when the number of members slowly ran out…” Her voice cracked, and she pressed one palm firmly against her mouth. Ragnar watched her shoulders tremble, listened to the short gasps of breath as she tried to stifle the sobs. Trying, and succeeding, to make him feel sorry for her.
He shuddered. “Ember—”
“If it weren’t for you, Ashton wouldn’t be a problem now. And Elain—”
“No!” Ashton shouted.
Ragnar searched for his voice. His pulse was throbbing, white spots flickering across his vision.
Ashton’s eyes narrowed, jaw clenched, fists trembling. “I didn’t ask to be like this. I didn’t ask for you or anybody to take me or my brother in. This isn’t his fault, and it certainly isn’t mine!”
“It isn’t my fault either!” Ember lashed out, stomping her foot so hard on the floor that the tiles cracked. Bits of flooring ricocheted across the room.
Razor jumped back, but the frenzy fled as fast as it had come. Ember’s ragged breath was already slowing. She was always so careful not to disturb neighbours. Not to be noticed. Not to cause a commotion. Not to do anything that could ruin her reputation. Even now.
“Ragnar,” said Ember, chafing her fingers with her gown as if she could erase her lost temper. “You will be going with these boys. Don’t make a scene.”
The floor shifted. “What? Why?”
“Because we all have a duty to do what we can.” She paused. Her face had gone pink and mottled. “We can still increase the number of skyrunners. We can complete our goals. I just simply can’t afford to let Ashton race off to make that cure.”
“You mean you’re going to kill me? And my brother?” His mouth could barely form the words.
“What else am I supposed to do?”
Ragnar’s jaw hung. He shook his head, dumbly, as all five pairs of eyes in the room focused on him. “But…how could you—”
“I’ll tell you something: I won’t kill Ashton yet. If you care for your brother as much as you claim to, you’ll do as I say. If you hadn’t been so selfish, you would have been happy and safe in the headquarters doing what you’re told, before following your heart and ruining my plans. Again.”
“But—”
“Take him away. He is yours.”
Ragnar was too stunned to move as the nearest boy approached. His grip tightened on the bedside. “No—I know what this is really about. You don’t care about me, you don’t care about anyone. You just want your stupid revenge!”
Ember’s eyes widened, her temples pulling taut against her skull.
She crossed the room in two steps, the back of her hand whipping across Ragnar’s face. Ragnar fell against the bedside table and pressed a hand to his cheek.
“Take him to the Air District headquarters,” said Ember. “Get him out of my sight.”
“You can’t take me against my will!”
The Skychasers were unperturbed. “We have been authorized by our mistress to take you into custody through the use of force if necessary.”
Ragnar curled his fingers, balling a fist against his ear.
“You can’t force me to go to your jail.”
“Yes,” said Ember, her own breathing laboured. “I can. So long as you are under my guardianship.”
“You don’t really think this will save the Others, by saying you’re going to increase the number of skyrunners. Don’t pretend this is about them. The chances of them finding a cure before—”
“Then my only mistake was in waiting too long to be rid of you,” Ember said, running the hem of her gown between her fingers. “Believe me, Ragnar. You and your brother are sacrifices I will never regret.”
The heels of the boots on one of the members clacked against the floor. “Are you prepared to come with us?”
Ragnar pursed his lips and lowered his hand from his face. He glared at Ember, but he could find no sympathy in the witch’s eyes. A new hatred boiled up inside him. “No. I’m not. I’m not leaving my brother.” Ragnar summoned his sword and swung the weapon in one swift movement, slicing it deep against the masked boy’s shoulder. He fell to the floor, screaming.
The second masked boy previously standing by Ember raced at him. Ragnar sneered and shoved his sword at the boy’s leg, scraping bone and thrusting the boy onto his back.
He spun around to face the last member, already thinking how he would run from the hospital with Ashton. Wondering if it would be too risky to call a taxi. Wondering whether or not Ember would be fast enough to follow. Wondering if his legs could carry them both all the way to the Light District.
The boy approached too fast. Ragnar stumbled, changing the trajectory of the sword, but the boy’s handcuffs grasped his wrists first. Electrodes fired. Electricity sizzled through Ragnar’s body. The voltage overwhelmed him. Ragnar’s lips parted, but the cry stuck in the back of his throat.
His sword disappeared and he collapsed. The last thing he saw before falling into the darkness was Ember perched menacingly on Ashton’s bed, holding his limp, unmoving body in her arms.
Acknowledgments

I’ve been blessed to be surrounded by a wealth of amazing and supportive people who’ve helped me turn a crazy idea into the book you’re holding now.
I’d like to acknowledge my youngest sister Emily Hunt, whose life is a gift to me and to many. I am grateful also to my family—my mom and dad, my younger brothers James and Andrew, and my younger sister Cindy—for their generosity and friendship.
My deepest gratitude goes to my editors, my publisher, and everyone who contributed into the making of this book. The excitement they’ve shown for Trick has been truly incredible. I couldn’t have asked for a more amazing group of advocates.
So many thanks are due to my online friends, fellow Tumblr users, and fandom geeks, who’ve encouraged me every step of the way. In particular, I’d like to thank my early readers for offering input, suggestions, critiques, support, and honesty.
About the Author

Stacey T. Hunt is a life-long Canadian whose love of sci-fi and fantasy, video games, reading, and techno music played heavily on her writing of the smash hit young adult Cascade Adventures Saga and the World of Many Colors Trilogy.
Visit her blog at: http://staceytiannahunt.blogspot.com
Like her on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/staceytianna
Follow her on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/staceytianna
Also by Stacey T. Hunt:
The Cascade Adventures Saga (in reading order):
The Prophecy
The Adventure Begins
Wherever I Go
Most Wanted
Skyfire
Break

World of Many Colors:
Trick
Twister (Christmas 2013)
Torment (Spring 2014)
Copyright © 2013 by Stacey T. Hunt
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.
ISBN: 9781311052728 (eBook)
ISBN-13: 978-1493598748 (Paperback)
ISBN-10: 1493598740 (Paperback)
The publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content.
Wordpainter Publishing
P.O. Box 705 Bridge Street
Princeton, B.C.
V0X 1W0
