
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Captivated
Written by Raven
Copyright Deborah Ramos 2011
This is a work of fiction. Any names, characters, incidents, and places are from the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual names, characters, incidents, and places is coincidental.
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in articles and reviews.
Published by Eminent Books at Smashwords

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
As Dean brushed some hair behind Mindy’s ear, he saw a change in her hazel eyes; they widened with fear. He whirled around to get a look at what was grabbing her attention. Alongside the houses lining the sidewalk was a person walking in their direction on the pavement. The man had to be at least six and a half feet tall. His muscles bulged with power against his skin, which was as white as untouched snow. Even with the sun going down, that man’s complexion was clearly visible. The figure was carrying a large black trench coat in his hand. Blood was splattered on his pale arms, like deep red lipstick staining a clean napkin. The pale man looked satisfied about something and as he passed Dean, they met each other’s gazes. The man’s perfect features looked dangerous, like an alluring trap. He stopped a few feet away from Dean, staring intently at him. A wide grin formed on the man’s face, as if he knew a secret. He turned away and continued walking, disappearing into the dark forest. 
“Do you know him?” asked Mindy.
“No, I’ve never seen him before.” Dean kept his eyes towards the empty distance.
“He creeped me out Dean.”  Mindy looked over to where the pale man had disappeared. “And what’s up with the blood on his arm?” she asked.
Dean’s bright green eyes darted back and forth between the direction of his house and the forest, where the man had disappeared. His flawless face was puzzled. “You should go before that weirdo comes back,” he warned. And just like that, his face turned serious, like he had just made an unpleasant discovery. “Something’s wrong...” Dean breathed out. 
 At that moment, he jumped into a sprint towards his house. Mindy followed closely behind, her red waves trailing behind her like a silk cape. Dean was picking up speed and soon became too fast for her to keep up. She arrived at Dean’s house moments after he got there. The front door was broken in half with only one of its pieces still hanging on its hinge. She stepped over the broken wood and slowly walked in, only to find that crimson had taken over the living room. A bloody smear was spread before the hallway, as if a body were dragged from there. Mindy followed the trail that led to a lifeless body, twisted on a pile of broken metal and glass. She approached the body; it was Dean’s dad. Chris’ eyes were closed and his hand lay on his bloody gut. There was a metal beam sticking through his stomach and his other hand lay extended towards a knife, as if he were trying to reach for it before he died. It was a painful death from the looks of it, and one that didn’t end quickly. A lump welled up in Mindy’s throat. 
Mindy stood up. She wiped her tears and then looked around for Dean and his mom. She didn’t find them in the kitchen, so she headed for the bedrooms. After looking into each room, there remained only one; the master bedroom. As she approached the door, her stomach sank to the floor. It was quiet. Not a good sign. She stepped in and saw Dean’s mother, Mari, lying on the floor with Dean kneeling down beside her. He brushed her hair out of her face. She was still, like a beautiful mannequin. There were no signs of a struggle and no marks on her, not even a drop of blood. Dean sat motionless and seemed to be looking down at her. Mindy knelt down to meet his face; there was a distant look on it. His lost eyes looked past Mindy as if she didn’t exist.  
“Dean?” Mindy quivered. There was no answer. She stood up and slowly stepped away, studying the room for a phone. “We should call someone.”
Still, he didn’t answer. 
Mindy ran to the computer room where she knew she’d find the house phone. After explaining the situation to the police, she hung up and ran back to the room. Dean was standing that time, looking down at his mom. His jet black spikes pointed towards Mindy. His mother had the same hair color as Dean and a lovely, light olive complexion, but now her skin was pale and lifeless. He slowly raised his head up and even though his eyes were pointed in Mindy’s direction, he was looking past her. His body was present, but his mind was off somewhere else. She took a step forward to get a closer look at him. His eyes were no longer bright like she was used to; they were lost in a dark lagoon. A quiver of fear ran through Mindy. She had known Dean since they were kids. They went through their entire elementary school years together and were both now thirteen. She knew him better than anyone, but now she could see something was different. Mindy couldn’t shake the feeling that somehow…in a matter of moments…the boy she once knew was not the one standing before her.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Crap! I was late. The buzzing alarm clock grew louder and louder. I wrestled with the blanket that clung to my leg, forcing me to stay in bed. I bounced on one leg to free the other. Trying not to fall, I reached for the nightstand and missed it completely. My rear crashed against the floor and my head made a loud thud against the nightstand, causing my lavender plant to wobble. I closed my eyes, expecting it to fall on me, but it wobbled quickly to a stop. I sighed in relief.
“Mindy. Get up!” My mom swung the door open. “You’re going to be late for your first day.”
“Ugh…I feel like crap.” I moaned. I swept the knotted hair out of my face and unwrapped my leg from the blanket’s grip. I slowly stood up, stretching every body part in the process. 
“This should help.” My mom came across the room and spread opened the curtains, letting in the bright sun. I squinted to block out the stinging rays that spilled over my room. “I made breakfast, so hurry.” She turned off the alarm clock next to the door and walked out.
The phone rang.
“What up, Red!” Markus greeted. 
“Hey you! What’s going on?” I asked, wondering why he called me so early.
“You know I’m picking you up right?” he asked.
“Oh!” I totally forgot. Now I had negative five minutes to get ready. And counting! “Ummm…yeah, of course,” I lied. Markus was punctual and would come early just to rush me if he knew I’d forgotten. “See you in a bit!” I assured him. He hung up without saying another word. I hated it when he did that.
After my shower, I got dressed then cracked the door open to let the steam out so I could see myself in the mirror. 
“Mindy?” Markus poked his head in. His brown skin had gotten darker over the summer break. He spent way too much of his time going to the beach and trying to drag me there with him. The one time he was able to, I never stepped foot in the water. “You’re barely on your makeup?!” I could clearly see the annoyance on his face. He narrowed his eyes at me. They were brown and already small enough as it was. He also scrunched his slightly big, but attractive nose. 
Markus took a whiff of the air. “What’s that smell?”
“I haven’t put perfume on. Maybe it’s my shampoo. It’s coconut.” I smiled.
“Yuck.” 
“That makes sense coming from someone that can’t stay away from the beach!” I snapped back.
Markus laughed at the irony. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and nodded his head. “You have two minutes.”
“I’m so sorry!” I finished up and jumped off the sink. Running into my walk-in closet, I hurriedly changed my top and put on my flip flops.
“Thirty seconds!” Markus yelled from the first floor.
I quickly grabbed my backpack and practically flew down the stairs. I absolutely had no time to eat, so, regrettably, I grabbed a pop tart packet from the pantry and glanced longingly at the ham and eggs my mom had on the stove. My mouth watered as I ran past the pan and the warm smell trailed to my nose. 
“Love you, mom!” I called out before bursting through the front door.
Over the summer, Markus’ dad had bought him a used car. The sucky part was that his dad believed that buying a beat up car for Markus would make him into a man. I didn’t see how that had anything to do with it and neither did Markus. He tried to convince his dad to get him a nicer car, but his dad wouldn’t budge. Another reason he gave Markus was that if he didn’t have a nice car as a teen, then neither would Markus. At least he wasn’t as bad as the grandpa. That old man defined perfectly what we knew as ‘the grouchy old man.’ He never remembered Markus’ name, so he was known simply as ‘boy’ at his house.
And there it was. My first glimpse of his new/old car. It was some…thing I had never seen before. Must have been from another country: far from us. The small two-door car resembled a shoe. An old beat up grey shoe that someone abandoned. I smiled at Markus to show him my approval, but he just rolled his eyes at me and exhaled while looking at the car. He must have seen the laughter behind my smile.
As Markus opened his car door for me, it creaked. It literally creaked. “Hey! It knows your name!” I laughed, then imitated the car. “M-a-rkuuuus.”
Markus nodded his head and looked at his phone again, his patience was running thin, but he still couldn’t hide the small chuckle he made at my joke. Practically shoving me in the car seat, I stopped to think he probably would have picked me up off my bathroom sink and thrown me in the car in an instant if he could. Lucky for me, he was too nice to do that.
“How do you like my new hair-do?” he asked while putting the car in reverse.
“Huh?” I hadn’t even noticed. I took my face out of my hand mirror and looked at his hair. He buzzed it all off. It was a big change from the usual spikes and I kind of liked it. “Cool! I’ll have to get used to it though.” I said politely and smiled at him.
“Yeah, I know. I actually didn’t mean to do it like this.” He scrunched his eyebrows up and rubbed what was left of his hair.
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Heh, I was actually trying to fade my own hair and I forgot to change the setting on the razor,” he said half out loud.
“Ha!” I laughed out. I couldn’t help it. “How did you manage that?” I tried keeping the laughter out of my voice.
“I don’t know. It was my first time and I started with the top of my head and buzzed clean through it. After that there was no way of fixing it,” he said and laughed along with me, though not as hard as I was laughing. “So, are you going to school like that?” he asked.
“What? Is my make-up messed up?!” I flipped my mirror open again and examined my face. I didn’t know what he was talking about. I found nothing wrong. 
“You want me to give you a buzz too?” Markus asked with hidden laughter.
“My hair!” I squealed. I couldn’t believe I forgot to do it. We were already pulling into the school parking lot, so I dug through my backpack and pulled out whatever I could find. I found a hair tie and a few bobby pins. Hopefully, the tiny hair tie could handle my horse hair. My hair was super thick and almost reached my waist, but I had to try something. I combed my fingers through it and put it up into a pony tail. I couldn’t believe that was happening, today of all days! My first day as a senior in high school and I didn’t even do my hair. I turned to Markus in hopes that by some miracle I looked decent. 
“You look fine, Red.” He looked at the worry in my eyes. “It’ll be okay. I don’t know why you’re so worked up. It’s just school.” he pointed out. 
Markus was right. It was just another day of school. I just didn’t want anyone calling me Raggedy Anne like they did in elementary. It was horrible, I walked to school that day and it rained on me. When I stepped inside class, my hair was so frizzy it looked like someone rubbed a balloon all over it.
We got out of the car and walked towards the school building. I spotted a long red hair on Markus’ black shirt, so I snuck in behind him and carefully pinched the hair off his back. That happened more often than I liked to admit.
We came to a halt before the school entrance and gazed up at the towering building. It was like the double doors dared us to enter. We both turned an eye to each other and nodded our heads, an agreement that we were in that together. We shoved the doors open and stepped into the beginning of yet another year of struggle.
“What number is your locker?” Markus asked. He pulled a crumpled paper out of his pocket and opened it up. 
“I think it’s. Wait…hold on.” I said. My number and combination was paper-clipped to my schedule so I pulled it out of my backpack. “Six. Six. Six.” I softly said. Markus stopped and looked at me with a puzzled face. He looked back down at his paper and then over to the lockers.
“We’ll take mine…” he continued on, “…I don’t want no voodoo locker.” And we headed in the direction of his locker.
Markus was superstitious to the core. He believed in: not crossing the path of a black cat, keeping mirrors in one piece, and the rest of that mumbo jumbo. It was hard to keep up with all of the superstition in the world. Next, he was going to tell me that vampires and werewolves actually existed. Yeah right!
“Ok.” I agreed. We’d been sharing since junior high school and it never really mattered whose locker we used. “Hey, have you heard from Tanya?” I asked. Tanya was the missing link of our trio. I loved how she was so brave and spontaneous, especially when it came to the way she would always experiment with her hair and style. 
“Yeah, I talked to her this morning. She should be on her way.” Markus said.
We arrived at his locker and he tried opening the combination lock with the numbers on his crumpled paper. “Do you remember if I’m supposed to spin it all the way around after the first number or backwards to the next?” 
“Great, now I forgot,” I admitted. While he tried to master the lock, I looked around to see if I recognized anyone. There were a lot of new faces, as usual. And all of the students rushing around made the hallway look so much smaller. 
“There! I opened it.” Markus turned, smiling at me. Then he stepped out of the way so I could put my things in it. 
“I don’t have anything to put in there.” I said. 
“Neither do I.” Markus shrugged his shoulders and slammed the locker shut. “I’ll text the combo to Tanya.” He pulled out his large cell phone. Whoa. It looked like a miniature laptop in the palm of his hand.
The bell rang.
That first bell always made me nervous. I was totally used to that whole first day of school experience, so why did it always make me so nervous? I pulled my schedule out of my backpack and looked for the first class. Markus didn’t need to pull his out. He was always organized and prepared for everything. He already had his classes mapped out in his head. 
All of the students began to pour into the hallways, filling the empty walking spaces.
“You ready?” Markus asked as he grabbed the schedule from my hands and looked it over. “We have second and sixth period together.” He continued, “I think you have first period with Tanya.”
“I hope she comes in today. I haven’t seen her.” Worried, I glanced around to see if I could spot her. Markus and I split up and I headed to my first class. Fortunately, Tanya was waiting right outside the room. She sure looked different than the last time I saw her, she had a short punk haircut that went up high in the back and long in the front. It looked like she was going for a Goth look that time because all her nails and clothes were in different shades of black.
“Mindy!” Tanya screamed. She ran up to me and hugged me hard. I hugged her back equally as powerful. “Do you like it?” she asked with excitement.
“It sure is different…” I said. I was used to seeing her in her variety of purple skirts and layered brown hair, but that was going to take some getting used to. I hoped she didn’t notice my last minute hair-do. “…I like it though.” I assured her.
“Wow.” Tanya’s jaw dropped and her eyes widened. Following her gaze, I saw that it was Dean walking past us. He practically towered over all of the other students walking around him. And the way they distanced themselves, it was as if they were trying to avoid him. His aura seemed…darker. The details of his face were hidden underneath the shadows of his eyes. From what I could see, his face showed zero emotion. His black hair was short everywhere else but on top. It was combed forward and swooped into tiny spikes in the front. Cute. It seemed like he got bigger every year that went by. I knew everyone got bigger, but man, he must have had to work out every day for hours to look like that. 
“Warning, the mean look goes with the personality.” I rolled my eyes.
“He sure looks nice to me.” Tanya peeked over the students in front of her to catch another glimpse before Dean walked out of site. “But hey…he could be mean to me anytime he wants.” she winked.
“You perv!” I accused and gave her a light push.
“Come on, Mindy. Why do you hate him?” Tanya asked.
“Cause he’s an A-hole,” I said. Dean wasn’t the same as he used to be. Years ago, before his parents died, he was kind and gentle. He always smiled, and it was the kind of smile that could bring anyone out of their lousy mood. It always worked for me and he knew that. Now, he acted like I never existed, like I was a nobody.
Then, I felt someone wrap their arms around my waist and swing me around. 
“I’ve been looking for you everywhere!” exclaimed a familiar, husky voice. He squeezed tighter.
“Ayden? Is that you?” I asked while he set me back down. I spun around to face him. “Wow, look at you!” I cried out. I hadn’t seen him all summer. He called me almost every day, but I never got the chance to hang out with him. His dirty blond hair almost matched his tanned skin perfectly. And the bronze on his face made his sapphire eyes more noticeable. 
“Hi, babe. Is this your first hour?” There was excitement in his voice. Ayden put his arm around my shoulder and roughly pulled me against him.
“Yeah. You going to grab a seat next to me so you can copy my answers again?” I asked as I elbowed him. 
“Now, babe,” he leaned his face into mine, “you know it’s not your papers I’ve been looking at.” he said loudly, not caring who heard.
“Charming.” I sarcastically added. He pulled me along with him as we stepped into class.
I sat between Ayden and Tanya. Ayden started tickling the back of my neck with his pencil but I was too focused on my roaring stomach to care about the sensation on my neck. The pop-tart I inhaled earlier wasn’t enough and I didn’t even finish it. Good thing there was too much chatter going on for anyone to hear it. All the buzzing in the room seemed to irritate Mr. Shapiro as he sat back in his chair, staring at the class with his fingers massaging his temples. It was already five minutes after the second bell but I guessed he was still waiting for a couple of students. I was so glad to have him for a teacher again. I got along with him last year and he was actually okay, except for when he was irritated. Like right now. 
“Welcome back, everyone.” Mr. Shapiro announced. The class went silent. He nodded in approval. “For those of you who don’t know me…” He turned around, picked up the chalk, and started spelling his name on the board.
The door swung open. In walked the palest person I’d ever seen in my life. He must have been albino. The guy wore a long sleeved button up shirt with the sleeves pushed up, exposing his pale, lean arms. He had a few beaded bracelets on his left wrist that were in no way feminine. His hair was silver and the silky straight locks reached down to his cheek bones. But I could still see part of his face through it. His lips looked soft and his chalky skin seemed almost fragile. The blue eyes painted on his face glowed against his skin. He was beautiful, like a walking glamour shot. 
“What’s the story on powder puff?” Ayden asked a little too loudly. All the eyes that were locked on the boy switched towards Ayden in amazement. 
“Ayden!” I gasped out.
The boy faced Ayden and stared at his pencil on my neck. He then looked up at him and smiled broadly, flashing rows of bright white teeth. The boy’s eyes flickered to mine and he swiftly walked towards me without removing his gaze.
“And what is your name?” his soothing voice asked me. It was like listening to a song that brought you into a world of no worries.
“I…” I cleared my throat. For that second, I forgot my name. My jaw was dropped and I couldn’t help it, I felt drugged. There was complete silence.
“Her name is Mindy.” Ayden’s rugged voice blurted. It made me jump a little, almost breaking the trance I was in.
With the boy’s eyes still on mine, he reached for my limp hand. His hands felt cold and fresh. It wasn’t like ice; more like his hands gave off a minty sensation when he touched me, like when you chew a fresh piece of gum and inhale a little through your teeth. The fresh feeling threw me deeper into the trance.
“Mindy.” he softly said my name. “Tell me…my beautiful red rose,” he continued, “why must you let this thorny bush grip onto you, keeping your light in its dull and ugly world?” He raised my hand up in the gentlest way, I hardly felt it move. A marking on his arm snagged my attention and I could only see part of it peeking through the rolled up sleeve. The color was the blackest of black. Either that or his white skin made it seem darker than it was. I couldn’t quite tell what the design was. Some sort of tribal marking? The boy lowered his face towards my hand. It looked dirty against his satin skin. His intoxicating eyes were still locked onto mine and his perfect lips puckered as they inched towards my hand. He gently pressed his delicate lips against it and I stopped breathing. Pure silence had taken over the classroom.
“What are you doing, Mindy?!” Ayden yelled out. He jumped up huffing.
I didn’t answer. I couldn’t move. Who would even try?
“Is this clown your boyfriend?” the boy asked.
“Hey! Who-who you calling a clown!” Ayden exploded, but the boy ignored him.
“No.” The word crept out of me. Even if Ayden were my boyfriend, I think that word would have still seeped out of my mouth.
“Ah…I see.” The boy smiled even wider, as if he proved himself right about something. “He is the insect that uses your precious petals as a resting spot. Is the friendship beneficial for you or the fly?” the pouty lips asked me, but I was too dazed to answer.
“That’s it!” Ayden snarled. “How about I stick my thorny bush up your-”
“Ayden!” Mr. Shapiro interrupted. “Now, that’s enough of this charade!”
“Thanks, Shapiro.” The boy laughed. He carefully placed my hand back down on my desk. “I think he was hitting on me.” He turned, smiling at Ayden. 
The class broke out into a roar of laughter. Ayden shrunk in his seat with his head down. He’d never been embarrassed publicly like that before. I’m sure there had been many chances, but no one had ever been brave enough. People didn’t really mess with jocks like him. I even saw Mr. Shapiro’s lips forcing themselves not to smile. 
“Class!” he shouted out over the laughter. As the class calmed down, he spoke again. “After Shane takes a seat, we’re going to open our books to page twenty-three.” his tone turned serious.
“Shane.” I purred. I melted in my chair and put my hand against my chest. From across the room, he winked at me when I said his name.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
“Hey, Rose.” Tanya teased. “I just told Markus about what happened in first hour.” Tanya cut in front of me at the lunch line and Markus slowly eased beside me.
“I wish I could have been there!” Markus said. “I can’t believe Ayden got punked!” He threw back his head and laughed.
“Have you seen Shane around?” Tanya asked with her eyes scanning the lunch line.
“Yup.” I muttered. “He’s in between the Barbie girls.” I pointed at the table near the exit where Ashley and Jennifer’s bodies were seated so disgustingly close to his. They weren’t that pretty in the face and I didn’t think they had even a small percentage of fat in their bodies. Their poufy blond hair probably weighed more than they did. The only way either of them could get a guy’s attention was with their overly flirtatious behavior, which always involved touching and sticking out their chests.
“Gross.” Tanya spat. “Look how far they’re sticking out their boobs!” Her face scrunched in disgust. 
“They’re sluts with four L’s…slllluts.” Markus made sure to exaggerate the ‘L’ sound. 
Shane looked like he was enjoying the attention. His irresistible smile never ceased. Especially as Ashley flipped her hair back exposing her cleavage a little more. The filthy girls didn’t look right being next to Shane’s perfection.
“Next!” Lenore the lunch lady called out. Her white hair was up in a messy ponytail and it wasn’t one of the ones that were in style. I was talking about the ones you would get if you slept with a ponytail and didn’t bother to fix it in the morning. Her apron had food splatters all over the front and some stains looked like hand prints. My guess was she wiped her hands on her apron instead of washing them.
I grabbed my plate and utensils. The selection looked okay. As I scooped up what looked like meatloaf patties sitting in sauce, I couldn’t help but cast a glance in Shane’s direction. I was so confused. Well, all he had done was compliment me. And in doing so, made me forget about everything else that existed. Could he be doing the same thing to them? The Barbie girls? I rolled my eyes. He wouldn’t have to try too hard. Just saying hello to Ashley and Jennifer got them excited.
“Forget about it.” Markus insisted. “That’s just how some guys are.” He gently pushed me forward to move the line along. 
I skipped the mysterious soup and served myself salad and some scary looking meat patties. I couldn’t wait to eat outside to avoid that vulgar display. 
Shane was near the exit. As we walked past him, I turned to Tanya to avoid looking at him and spat out anything that came to mind.
“So, th-the meat looks good.” I stuttered. No, it didn’t. In fact, I didn’t even think it was real meat. The group of kids walking in front of us stopped before they stepped out, blocking my exit. Now, I was stuck behind them. Great. 
“I didn’t get the meat,” Tanya said. “I just grabbed a couple of apples and some chips.” She raised one of the green apples to show it to me. 
“Yeah, I didn’t get it e-either.” I was still stuttering. My nerves were really getting to me. Once again, I gazed at Shane running his hand through his silvery hair. The strands bounced right back into place. I knew he was too good to be real. There had to be a flaw and his flaw was probably like most other guys; he was just chasing.
“Yes you did. You loaded up on the patties, Mindy.” There was concern in Tanya’s tone. 
The group in front of us still hadn’t moved. They were calling out to Shane to get his attention. The Barbie girls looked bothered by the interruption. Shane winked at me, but I wasn’t falling for that again. I couldn’t stand it there any longer so I pressed my tray against Markus’ back. He innocently turned to me with his eyebrow raised. 
“I heard about what happened in first hour...” a boy commented. 
Crap. That situation was about to get uncomfortable. Markus looked back at Shane and Shane leaned back in his chair effortlessly, turning an eye on him. I pressed harder against Markus’ back with my tray. He looked at me with confusion as I jetted my eyes towards the door.
“Oh.” Markus realized. He tried looking around the group to see if there was an opening we could squeeze through. I didn’t see any, but that didn’t stop him from gripping his tray and making his own way through the group. I followed closely behind with Tanya stuck to my back. We finally opened the doors and stepped out of the crammed cafeteria. I took a whiff of the fresh air and could almost taste the freshly cut grass as I inhaled. Plenty of room to breathe out there.
“Thanks, Markus.” I told him. “My next step was to break the tray over your head,” I playfully added. He really was a lifesaver though. I could always count on him to get me out of a jam.
“Where do you want to sit, your majesty?” he jokingly asked. 
“I don’t care!” I laughed out.
I felt better. We sat at a bench under a large tree, the leaves providing a cloud of shade around us. And the smell of the freshly cut grass danced around my nose. 
“So, you’re still with him?” Markus asked, interrupting my peaceful escape.
“Oh. Back to that conversation,” I mumbled. I picked up my fork and played with my salad. With the other hand, I cut the bright red cherry tomatoes into halves with the butter knife. 
“I don’t get you Mindy,” he continued, “either you’re with him or you’re not.” He popped open his can of soda. 
“I’m not.” I irritably said. I jammed a fork full of lettuce leaves, a tomato piece, and a cucumber slice in my mouth and chewed roughly.
“I can’t believe you’re doing the whole friends–with-benefits deal with him.” Markus had anger in his voice. “He’s just using you, Mindy.” he gestured his hand towards me.
“It’s convenient.” I blurted out. Not a good choice of words.
“Convenient for who?” He set his soda down. “When he has an itch, he comes to you for a scratch?” Markus snapped.
“There are no responsibilities. No attachments. We’re just having some fun.” I said.
“I know you don’t want this Mindy.” Markus calmly said and leveled his eyes with mine. 
“How do you know what I want?” I demanded.
“Really, Mindy…really?” He raised his eyebrow up at me. He was right. Markus knew me too well and he knew that wasn’t what I wanted. 
“I want a boyfriend.” I softly admitted.
“Then what’s the point of doing this? Get one.” he ordered.
“Do you see anyone lining up to ask me out, Markus…” I continued, “…yeah, sometimes guys check me out and I will occasionally have a crush here and there.” I looked down at my salad and picked the purple onions out, placing them into a pile on my plate. “No one wants to date me. And I feel stupid for getting all excited over Shane. He ended up being just another jerk. He probably says the same lines to all the girls.” I tacked on, sadly.
“You really are a great girl.” The sincerity was clear in his voice. Markus turned to Tanya. “Right?” he raised his voice a tad. 
“Yeah. Of course!” Tanya said. She finished sending her text message and set her phone down. “Well, I don’t even think it’s a big deal. Let her explore…dad,” she advised, with a hint of sarcasm.
“I’m not telling her what to do.” Markus explained.
“Well it sure sounds like it.” Tanya raised her voice.
Before I knew it, I was out of the discussion. Markus and Tanya started thrashing back and forth at each other. They always ended up arguing like an old married couple. I tuned them out.
I slowly chewed, nodding my head to whatever Markus and Tanya were arguing about. Then, I smelled it. The fresh aroma of amber musk strayed into my nostrils. The elegant fragrance made me feel warm. It was Dean. His magnetic smell practically pulled me towards him. He was walking alone, as usual, with his empty tray in hand and he was wearing a black long-sleeved shirt. The fabric looked very light. I could tell by the way the wind was blowing through it, making it cling to his body in all the right places. He was definitely fit. His back was a hilly land of muscles bulging through the surface of the ground. I never thought the scrawny boy I grew up with would turn out to look like a teenage Roman warrior. 
“Do you think he’ll be more social this year?” asked Tanya, her eyes following Dean as he walked towards the school entrance. Unsurprisingly, Ashley and Jennifer were leaning their lengthy bodies against the wall by the double doors and they giggled and waved hello to Dean as he walked through. He paid no attention and strode by them as if they didn’t exist. I couldn’t help but smile. Seeing them get rejected was such a treat.
“Sure…he’ll make lots of friends,” sarcasm in my voice. 
“I don’t get it, Mindy. You know, if he wanted to, he could have so many girlfriends…” She sat back and shoved a nacho in her mouth. “…starting with me…” Tanya eased. She sighed and a smile formed on her face; she was probably imagining herself with him. And then, Tanya slowly drew another chip towards her mouth, only that time, missing it and bonking it against her chin. Yup, she was definitely dreaming about him.
“Good luck with that. He hasn’t said one word to me since his parents died. And we grew up together.” I said. 
“So how was he back then?” Markus asked.
“He was the sweetest thing. I never saw him without a smile.” I sadly said. I looked down at my plate. There was no more salad and I wasn’t even going to touch the patties. “I remember when I used to have dinner at his parents’. It always seemed like a scene from a movie; the perfect mom and dad, so nice and loving. All they were missing was the white picket fence.” I pushed the plate out of the way and opened my bottled water. “The police never found the killer.” I added.
“Really?” They both gasped.
“Don’t go telling anyone, okay guys?” I demanded. I gave them a threatening stare. No one needed to know about Dean’s history. I didn’t even know why I told them about it. At least it gave them answers as to why I didn’t get along with him. He turned into a rude and careless person. At first it hurt that he completely shut me out of his life, but I learned to live with it. There was no point in hoping for the unattainable. 
“We won’t,” they agreed.
“I gotta go. It’s five minutes till the bell rings and I don’t know where my fifth hour class is.” I drank the rest of the water and picked up my book bag from the bench seat. I was glad I didn’t have to finish the conversation about Ayden with Markus and I had to get out of there before he remembered it. I jogged up to the double doors where the Barbie girls stood. Their eyes were rolling at the sight of me and I secretly hoped their eyes would stay like that. 
“Don’t trip.” Ashley laughed, Jennifer then joined in.
“Don’t you two have some corner to stand on?” I snapped back. An old worn out comeback, but it suited them perfectly. They’re laughter ceased and their eyes drilled onto me. I gave them a quick mean stare and rushed inside. 
My stomach started churning again. I knew that salad wasn’t going to be enough so I began to look for the rest of the pop tart in my bag. The halls were crowded with students, all of them standing in their groups in the middle of the halls. It made it challenging for me to dig through my book bag while walking but I managed to pull the pop-tart out from the wrapper and aim it at my mouth. Suddenly, I slammed right into someone head-on. It felt like they charged right at me! My pop-tart flew out of my hand, but I gripped onto my bag and stepped back, rubbing my throbbing forehead with my free hand. Unfortunately, leaving crumbs right where I touched my head. 
“I’m so sorry…I wasn’t looking.” I struggled to say. The guy was standing motionless and only inches away. He said nothing. I gazed up at him to demand an apology in return. It was Dean. And that was when that distinct smell of his leaped out into my nose. His scorching stare was aimed at me and he didn’t seem the least bit sorry for crashing into me. His face was motionless and cold while his eyes pierced into mine. Dean gave me an uncomfortable feeling of fear, something hard to explain. The fear didn’t come directly from him, more from his aura, from his essence. 
I chewed on my inner lip. He looked down at the pop-tart broken on the floor then back at me. He blinked rapidly for a brief second, and then his face changed. It softened. I gawked in disbelief. Did he feel sorry? 
Dean caught a glimpse of something behind me. I guessed he’d already forgotten all about me because his focus was now on a particular person. His face began to harden again and his eyes widened in disbelief as he made his way past me, bumping me in the process. That time, I dropped my book bag. I twirled around to look at him. He picked up the pace and burst through the crowd of students. He was storming toward a group of girls, and it had to be them because he was staring straight at them. But I saw that Shane was in the middle of the group. Dean pushed himself through the students that got in his path and I wasn’t the only one that noticed. Students that had been shoved were stopping along with the people around them. A couple of guys next to me quickly noticed Dean’s bunched fists.
“Fight. Fight. Fight.” they began to chant. 
Everyone stopped what they were doing and began to stampede in Dean’s direction. It was obvious that he was targeting Shane. I hurriedly picked up my bag and rushed with the crowd. Dean pushed two girls standing in front of Shane aside and got himself within an inch from Shane’s delicate face. The muscles in Dean’s jaw were pronounced and he looked so vicious against Shane’s calmness. Dean was squeezing his fists so hard it looked like his knuckles were going to tear through his skin. Shane condescendingly smiled and leaned against the brick wall behind him. His confidence seemed to bug Dean and Dean’s handsome face filled with rage. I saw his lips moving, but I was much too far to hear what was being said. I didn’t think anyone close to them could hear either with all the chanting going on. Shane started talking, his brilliant smile growing broader. Whatever he was saying was making the situation worse.
That was when-for the slightest split of a second-Shane darted his eyes straight at me. It wasn’t like he just looked at any random person; his eyes intentionally landed right on me. It was as if he knew exactly where I had been standing amongst all the other fifty people in the ‘audience.’ I thought my mind was playing tricks on me or something. Dean was taking deep breaths. His ribs and massive chest were going in and out slowly as if he were trying hard to control himself. But he didn’t say anything back. Shane stood straight up and pulled a brunette that was fairly close to him by the arm. He wrapped his arm around her and strode past Dean, confidently walking off and leaving Dean standing there alone with his infuriation. 
Dean turned his head to glare at Shane striding into his classroom without a care. The bell rang. I had forgotten about class. The kids started swarming the halls and splitting up into their classrooms. 
Dean stood there, frozen as if he were still watching Shane. I ran along with the students. My book bag feeling lighter than before, I opened it up and found that my notebook was missing. It must have fallen out when Dean knocked it out of my hand. I searched the now empty floor for it and spotted it where all the commotion had taken place. There were no students in the hall except for Dean and myself, so I quickly ran to my notebook right before I heard a cracking thud. I looked up at the only thing that could be responsible for that noise. Dean. His fist was in the brick wall. After a few moments, he slowly took his fist out of the broken surface. Rustic crumbs stuck to his skin while others dropped to the floor. He stared at his fist and loosened his tight grip, brushing off the wall crumbs with his other hand. Dean headed towards his class without giving my presence heed. After waiting in a moment of disbelief, I walked up to the wall to feel it. I had to make sure that what I saw was real. 
There was clearly a dent in it. I made my hand into a fist and set it inside. The dent was about three times bigger. I thought to myself that maybe it wasn’t real brick, that for some reason the construction of the building was mostly clay? Dean looked strong, but to be able to do that? No, the wall was already cracked or something. That had to be it. I slowly brought my hand back down. The second bell rang. I ran in the direction I thought my classroom was in. Late again.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
My fifth hour teacher didn’t approve of me being late, even if it was just by a minute. Next time-no distractions-I was going be on time for my last class. 
I swung the door open only to find the classroom empty. Well… almost. There was no teacher and only one student. Dean had a textbook open on his desk and a piece of paper that looked like the same assignment I had for Trig. There were name tags propped on each desktop. Mine was right next to him. I dragged my feet to the desk and dropped my bag to the floor. Without moving his head, he turned an eye to me. I paused for a moment…he never took the time to look my way. I wasn’t quite sure if it was a good thing or not. I quietly sat down next to him and Dean’s focus returned to his textbook. The room was uncomfortably silent. The humming of the air conditioning was the only thing brave enough to make a sound. I was afraid to breathe. My leg was pumping up and down and I couldn’t find a comfortable way to sit. It was such a simple thing. Just sit still. My allergies chose that moment to kick in. They had been bothering me all morning, but I never really paid any attention to them. Now though, my concentration was fixed on keeping quiet and not sneezing. I felt my nose begin to get stuffy. No! Not now! As softly as I could, I started breathing through my mouth to avoid sucking my boogers in. That couldn’t be grosser! I surveyed the teacher’s desk to see if there were any tissues. With my luck, there would be absolutely nothing I could blow my nose with. And, of course, I couldn’t see any tissues. I crossed my leg over the other and started shaking it. Dean glared at my leg and then he quickly looked back to his paper. When I looked at the time again, I couldn’t believe that only a couple of minutes had gone by. My nose situation was getting worse by the second. I then remembered that when I was a kid, I would jump up and down on the bed to clear it up. Walking around the room should do the trick. I slowly got up and made my way to the front of the class, then to the back.  And even though my nose was semi-stuffy, I could still smell him. Its alluring sensuality was magnetic. As I was clearing my nose, I glanced over at Dean to see if I was bugging him. He was still focused on his assignment; he had been on the same page for a while. I would have asked him if he needed help, but since I didn’t get help with the pop-tart or the book bag he flung out of my hand, then he wasn’t getting help with his dumb assignment. His paper didn’t have any of the questions filled out. I couldn’t have been distracting him with my noise that much, could I?
I finally sat back down and tried to hold still. Ben walked into the room, someone I never really spoke to outside of class. He was well-known in the school, but I wouldn’t say he was popular in a good way. It was more like everyone knew him because they had a habit of knocking his books out of his hands, playing keep away with his bottle glasses, and other things that a normal person wouldn’t have to go through. I had never personally done anything to him, but I did just stand there while Ayden picked on him. Not a good thing to do either. 
“Ben!” I greeted with excitement. I jumped out of my seat and skipped to him.
“It’s Benjamin, thank you.” he corrected. After noticing the smile on my face, he got a little cocky. Ben pressed his bottle glasses closer to his face and fixed his striped polo shirt. 
“So? What can I do for you Mindy?” Ben uttered.
“I-uh…” I stuttered. I wasn’t really sure why I needed him. Of course I was glad to see him. Actually, I would have been glad to see just about anyone come through that door just to break the unbearable stillness of the room. 
“Speechless?” A wide smile grew on his face, although that was not what got me to look at it. It was his buck teeth. They were calling out to me, telling my eyes to look. “Did you need help with homework? You know…I can do some private lessons.” he winked. 
“No!” I blurted out a little too quickly and loud. The thud of a textbook closing came from Dean’s desk. I gawked in disbelief. Dean threw his textbook in his backpack and shoved the papers in with it. He then leaned against the back of his chair and put his hands up behind his head. His eyes were closed or at least I thought they were. I examined them, his eyelashes were too thick for me to tell if they were slightly open or not. I couldn’t help looking down at his stomach. A strip of bare skin was showing from having his arms stretched up. I gulped. The V muscle from his waist was peeking through. Embarrassed with myself, I looked elsewhere. His arms looked well-defined, even when covered with sleeves. I hadn’t really stared at his face in years, it was somewhat boyish, not that he looked like a kid or anything. He would have perfect features if not for the dark mask around his eyes. It was as if he hadn’t slept in weeks. His eyebrows looked clean; they didn’t look plucked, just clean. His nose was adorable and little, flicking at it would most likely make it bleed. I squinted to get a better look…he had the tiniest freckles on his nose. Adorable. I just didn’t understand why he was so distant from everyone. If he just smiled at a girl, she would scream from sheer joy. Tanya was right, he could have any girl he wanted. My gaze averted back to his eyes. The lashes casted shadows below them and that was when his eyes slit open slightly, already focused on me! My entire body tensed.
“Ahem.” Ben interrupted the moment I knew I couldn’t handle very well.
“Oh, sorry! Do you have…tissue?” I asked. There was nothing I wanted him for. I had to ask him for something or else I’d look like an even bigger fool.
“Of course.” He set his books down and began patting down his pockets. “You never know when you’re going to get a runny nose.” He pulled out what looked to be a hankie. The colors were faded on it. The only things I could make out were thunder bolts and a blue background. 
“Umm…no thanks. You know what? I don’t even need it anymore.” I smiled. The rest of my face was in disgust.
“It’s okay. I’ve only used it once today.” He insistently held it up to me.
Students started pouring in the seemingly claustrophobic room. I heard Markus amongst them. Relief washed over me, but I wasn’t in the clear yet. I took a glance at him and clasped my hands behind my back. Luckily, he caught my distress signal and hurried towards me. 
“Hey, germ!” Markus called out to Ben and blasted through us, blocking me from Ben. “Let people through.” Markus swiveled around and grabbed me above the waist, pulling me along with him and leaving Ben yelling behind us.
“It’s Benjamin!” he hollered. “Ben-ja-min!”
“You should try staying out of situations dude.” Markus suggested. He smiled and shook his head after stopping beside my desk. “First, there was that incident with you and Shane…” he started to point out.
In that instant, Dean snapped his pencil in his bunched hand. His face hardened and the muscles on his jaw popped out as he bit down. I could feel the waves of anger emanating from him. Markus also observed Dean’s behavior, but then turned back to me after a few seconds. He raised his eyebrow and tilted his head towards Dean as if he were pointing at him. I shrugged my shoulders and sat down. I was so happy that it wasn’t just me alone with Dean anymore as he gave off an awkward, yet frightening feeling. Everything seemed to frustrate him. He belonged in a private school. Population: Dean. 
Jennifer walked in then. Why was it that I always had to bump into one of them? They were everywhere. Jennifer grabbed her nametag from her desk a few seats over and switched it with the one in front of Dean’s desk. She sat proudly like she owned it and turned to Dean to ask him something. I couldn’t tell what it was because the class was already getting pretty loud, but I saw no reaction from Dean.
“What are you doing this weekend?” Jennifer raised her voice. She smiled and exaggerated the batting of her eyelashes. Or I should say fake lashes. No mascara can leave them that long-I didn’t care what the commercials said.
Still no response from Dean. He did look like he had calmed down from his pencil tantrum.
“Hello?” Jennifer raised her voice.
Dean looked up at her with a stony expression. She smiled, pleased that he looked. But he just turned away from her and grabbed his notebook from his backpack, setting it on his desk and leaning back on his seat, looking away from her. 
“So, I was thinking you and I could go out together this weekend,” Jennifer suggested. She leaned closer to him while pushing out her bust. That situation really started to bother me. I wasn’t sure if it was because it involved Jennifer, though everything that had to do with her bothered me. Her very existence even. But something was different that time.
And that was when Jennifer noticed me eavesdropping. She quickly turned her attention towards me. “Can I help you?” she hissed.
My eyes widened. I was caught. Dean slightly tilted his head in my direction without looking directly at me. I usually had something to say right back at her, but my voice was stuck in my throat. Dean noticed me eavesdropping. Crap! I was frozen with wide eyes like a deer caught in the headlights. 
“You need some hair tips or something?” Jennifer lashed out. “Mind your business!” She turned back to Dean and went back to her flirtatious behavior. “So, where was I?” she eased with a smile.
I reached up to pat my hair and felt frizzes popping out here and there. I couldn’t believe I had forgotten to do my hair today! Dean said nothing. His scorching look stayed locked onto her, telling her to ‘F’ off, until she finally exhaled and turned around.
I could see the failure on her face. It was awesome. I felt victory sweep through me as if I were the one that did that to her. I was glad I was there to witness her getting rejected. I turned to see if Markus was also watching, but he was messing with his new mp3 player. I had to celebrate alone. The teacher finally walked in, a very petite woman with short black hair and narrow eyes.
“Hello, class. Your teacher couldn’t make it in today, so I will be taking his place.” She continued, “You may call me Mrs. Le. There aren’t any notes for this class so I’ll be starting you off with the poetry unit.” She grabbed a stack of packets from her desk and passed them out at the front of each row so the students could pass them back. I grabbed the packets from the person in front of me, took mine, and then handed the rest to the person behind me. 
“William Shakespeare.” Mrs. Le read the cover out loud. “Now, can anyone tell me a little bit about him?” she asked. No one raised their hand. “Well, since no one in this class knows about him, I’ll let you all read the entire packet.”
The class awed in disapproval but I was ok on the idea. It wouldn’t hurt to read; it could be worse.
“Since you’re all so excited about it, we can also have a quiz at the end of class,” Mrs. Le more than threatened, “Ok, let’s get started. Thank you.” she sang out.
The sound of papers shuffling filled the room. The packet was about twenty pages thick and I was already bored. Regretting the fact that I was okay with that at first, I began to skim through it. I was almost half-way through when my eyes began to get heavy. To prevent myself from falling asleep in my seat, I lifted my head and looked around the room. Most everyone in the class had their faces buried in their packets. One person had her head down and I desperately wanted to do the same. Time was really dragging. When I began to read again, I did so without really taking in any information. 
Flashes of Dean and Shane’s confrontation started running through my mind. Was Shane someone from Dean’s past? He looked new to me. Brand spanking new. Maybe they had a run-in before. Maybe one of them stole the other’s girlfriend in the past? No. Dean hadn’t had any and he seemed to be the one that hated Shane, not the other way around. I wondered if the girls standing next to them heard what they had said.
The pencil I was absent-mindedly playing with accidentally slipped out of my hands and landed on the floor between Dean and me. Without looking, I lowered my hand and felt around for it. I felt a hand already down there. I directed my attention to it and as I glanced up the muscular arm, an uncomfortable chill ran through me. There I was, face to face with Dean. My eyes landed on his, and they were penetrating mine with an extreme intensity. His lagoon green eyes were dark and widening as if he was witnessing something spectacular. I couldn’t look away from him. I had never seen him with any expression on his face other than coldness. My eyes traveled across his face. Yup…freckles. But they were faint. I saw that he had a large scar on his cheekbone, the kind of scar that didn’t even remotely diminish his appearance. In my opinion, it made him more attractive. His eyes sparkled and were somehow a brighter shade of green. I felt a tide of joy wash over me. An electrifying force surged through me and it wasn’t painful at all. In fact, it felt amazing! Like nothing I had ever experienced before. But, why? I tore my eyes from his and looked down at my hand. It was set on top of his. He had left it there, touching mine, and it made my heart soar.
The bell rang. I quickly grabbed my pencil from beneath Dean’s hand and slipped it in my book bag. I still felt his eyes boring into me. I hesitated to look as I stood up and headed towards the door. But from the corner of my eye, I saw him staring at me still. Summoning up some bravery, I turned my face completely at him to let him know I was aware. Usually, guys turned away quickly when caught, but not Dean. His face was etched in desperation. 
I met up with Markus at the door. Once again, I glanced back. Dean was standing that time, still looking my way and his eyes were pleading as if he didn’t want me to leave.
What was more unbelievable to me, was that the second I moved my hand away from his…an emptiness had crept inside me.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
The week went by fast and it was now Friday, Tanya and I walked into first hour on just as the bell sounded. Mr. Shapiro had switched everyone’s desk around to avoid as much chatter as possible, as a result, putting me towards the back. In my opinion, the chatter got even louder because friends he separated had to raise their voices to hear each other. 
“Good morning.” Mr. Shapiro stood in front of the class with his hands inside his pant pockets. He glanced over at the time and looked at the door. A moment later, Shane strolled in. 
“Late as usual, Shane.” Mr. Shapiro announced. He huffed out and gave Shane an aggravated glare.
“But always here for you, sir,” Shane retorted. He threw the teacher a crooked smile and leaned back in his seat. He quickly noticed me and winked. I rolled my eyes at him while turning away. 
After what seemed like hours of Mr. Shapiro going over problems on the board, a crumpled paper landed on my desk. I quickly grabbed it and held it in my fist so Mr. Shapiro wouldn’t see it. I carefully opened it on my lap when the coast was clear. The note read…
You wanna go to The Impulse with me tonight?
I looked up and scanned the room to see who had thrown it towards me. When my eyes met Ayden’s, he showed me a brave smile and tilted his head forward as if he were asking me again. I looked back down and began writing…
No thanks, I have plans.
I had to end it with him already. Ever since Shane and Markus brought it to my attention, I haven’t wanted to do the whole friends-with-benefits deal. It really was stupid. Since we weren’t technically going out, I guessed I didn’t really have to tell him it was over, right? I could just brush him off?
I crumpled the paper back up and threw it at him. Instead of letting it fall on his desk, he caught it in an exaggerating motion that grabbed the teacher’s attention. Mr. Shapiro walked up to him with his hand extended out. Ayden regrettably handed him the paper.
“Such a dive for a piece of trash.” Mr. Shapiro said. He opened up the crumpled paper and walked back to the front of the class. All the students had their attention on Mr. Shapiro. “Ayden over here wants me to read this out loud.” He took a look at Ayden, “I wouldn’t want to be rude while he’s trying to say something…” Shapiro continued, “…so I’ll make sure that he gets his point out. Apparently, he wants to go to the club with Mindy and she rejected him. The end.” Mr. Shapiro crumpled and tossed the note into the trash next to his desk. 
Ayden sunk into his seat and peeked over his shoulder at me. Embarrassment flooded his face.
“I’m sorry.” I mouthed out to him.
“Burn!” Shane laughed out. All the students laughed along with his remark. He leaned his upper body on his desktop to get a better look at Ayden. Shane threw him a taunting smile. It was similar to the one he always gave Dean.
I covered my face with my hands and sunk in my seat. I felt so horrible. I basically rejected Ayden in front of the whole class. 
“I’ll let you guys escape a few minutes early today. Have a safe weekend.” Mr. Shapiro announced and dismissed us with a wave of his hand.
The class swarmed towards the door in excitement. Ayden stayed in his desk and as the students passed him, they playfully stroked his head, messing up his hair. After all the students passed his desk, he followed with his head down. I collected all my books and tried to catch up to him.
“Ayden! Ayden, I’m so sorry!” I called out to him. He didn’t turn around. He must have heard me though, I wasn’t that far away. I guessed he really was embarrassed. He just kept walking and I didn’t follow. 
Amazingly, the day went by pretty fast for a Friday. And everyone was raving about The Impulse. I had only been there once. I would describe it as a lounge, but with no age restrictions. Security guards made sure to catch the underage drinkers. They sometimes had bands there trying to promote themselves. Markus and Tanya were dragging me there tonight. And I really hoped I didn’t end up bumping into Ayden there. 
“Pick you up at eight?” Markus asked. He pulled up to my house and parked in front of the driveway. 
“Yeah. Eight is good.” I answered.
“Not eight thirty,” he continued, “eight.” 
“Yes!” I assured him. In my head I was telling myself seven thirty, so for sure I wouldn’t be late. I lifted the car handle and tried pushing the door open. It was stuck. I started rocking the car as I pushed harder in an attempt to escape. “Markus?” I turned to him, exasperated.
“Aw, not again.” He jumped out of the car and tried opening my door from the outside. “Freakin’ door,” Markus muttered. He pulled something that looked like pliers out of his pocket and started messing with the handle. The door finally creaked open, slowly. I couldn’t hold my laughter in any longer, but at least he bashfully laughed along with me.
After Markus helped me out and began backing out of the driveway, we heard a rumbling across the air. It was a very distinct sound that came from only one motorcycle that I knew of; Dean’s. On top of the purr it gave off, it also had the deep growl of a vicious animal, warning that it was about to attack. The roar got louder and louder as he neared. I began to shake. Flutters swarmed in my stomach. Is he looking at me? Is he looking? I tried to fight the urge to sneak a peek at him. I must not have had good will power because before I knew it, I was gawking. His black shirt clenched against his skin in the wind as he passed by us without even looking my way. I was a bit disappointed. And just then, when he should have sped off, he slowed the bike down to a creep. My heart skipped a beat, and then another. Slowly, he turned his head back at us, locking his eyes with mine. They were dancing. That was enough to send me soaring to the heavens. When I came back down, he was gone. Out of sight.
“What was that all about?” Markus yelled out the open window of his car.
I shrugged my shoulders when what I really wanted to do was laugh with joy.
“See you at eight.” Markus confirmed. He drove off and I went inside and threw myself onto my bed. After watching some TV, I was fast asleep. 
I woke up to the blaring phone. I crawled across the bed to reach the phone and flipped it open. I had several missed calls from Ayden and a few from Markus. I didn’t really feel like talking to Ayden so I dialed up Markus’ number.
“You ready?” he asked. No hello.
“It’s not even time yet.” I drawled out. 
“I know. I’ll be there in twenty minutes.” He hung up the phone.
“What?” Still groggy, I looked over at the time. What! He was right. I dropped the phone and rolled off the bed. I did what I could with my hair before he arrived. 
Markus picked me up before Tanya. I volunteered to sit in the back seat even though I knew it would be cramped. I didn’t even think the shoe was made to have people in the back.
Driving up to The Impulse was challenging. The small intersections that ran up and down Sixth Street were packed with cars. We ended up parking in a nearby garage and walked a few streets to the club. Tanya was having a hard time walking in her heels. I intelligently wore some boot-like dress up shoes that were much more comfortable. Tanya wrapped her arm around mine to help her with her balance. The sidewalks were busy with different people of various age groups roaming in every direction. On every corner, there was someone doing magic tricks, selling something, or playing instruments. The melodies being played by the talent were blending together in an off-beat harmony.
When we arrived, I saw that Shane and Jennifer were standing outside of the club. Jennifer had on a tight tank top and a short skirt that would show off part of her butt… that is if she actually had one in the first place. She had a cigarette in hand and took a slow puff. I had seen that puff before, some model on a cigarette commercial making smoking look sexy performed it, but what I saw before me, made me want to gag. Even though I had a look of disgust on my face, Shane smiled at me. It was the kind of smile you gave to someone if you knew something that they didn’t. Very mischievous. Jennifer caught him looking my way and turned to give me an evil glare. If looks could kill!
We entered the double doors to the club, lounge, whatever it was called. The lights in the dark atmosphere were dim enough to hide everyone’s flaws, but there was just enough to see who you were talking to. The music was blaring; everyone spoke to each other by yelling. We slowly made our way through the maze of people on the dance floor. We found an area where there were couches. There was only one empty one and we quickly scurried to it. 
“Hey! Check out that guy over there.” Tanya pointed at a young man nervously pacing back and forth. It looked like he was fiddling with something in his pant pocket. He would periodically look up at a girl sitting by herself at the bar, a petite brunette. A group of his friends were watching him stumble his way to the girl. As he slowly approached her, he mumbled to himself, as if he were going over what he was going to say. When it seemed he finally got some guts, he marched right up to her and opened his mouth to speak. She looked up at him and he immediately shut his mouth and reached over for the bowl of nuts in front of her. After he grabbed a handful, he swiveled around and paced himself back to his friends who were laughing and clenching their stomachs.
“EPIC FAILURE!” Tanya and Markus threw themselves back on the couch and laughed out loud. At first I felt bad for the guy, but that quickly went away and I joined them in their laughter. All of a sudden, Markus froze and stared straight ahead, narrowing his eyes.
“What is it?” I asked and turned my eye in the same direction. Dean was in front of us, standing still. He was wearing a black leather jacket with dark jeans. His face was marked with a predatory expression. His eyes weren’t glimmering as they had before; they were venomously cold. His body was stiff, like an animal stalking its prey. Dean was focusing intently on something in our direction. Was it me? It was too dark to be sure. A wave of acid welled up in my stomach. I hoped that it wasn’t me because I did not want that coldness aimed at me. I straightened myself up.
“There’s something about him.” Markus said loud enough for me to hear.
“Maybe he’s on drugs or something,” Tanya hinted, “I should offer him some rehabilitation.” she giggled.
I gave her a warning look that she didn’t take notice of.
“No. It’s something else.” Markus said.
“Psychotic?” Tanya asked.
“Well, even the nicest guy in the world could be a psycho. There’s something else about him. I can’t put my finger on it.” Markus shook his head as to shake the conversation away. He stood up and stretched his arms out. “You girls want something to drink?” he asked us.
“Yeah! Can you get me some soda?” I threw him a wide smile, “Thanks!”
“I thought you quit?” he asked.
“Eh, one taste won’t kill me.” I calmly said as I shrugged my shoulders.
Markus headed towards the bar, passing Dean’s statue. He didn’t make a single movement, his eyes were still focused. His arms were down his sides and I realized then, I was gawking at him again, so I quickly turned away. But I couldn’t help it. I still watched him from the corner of my eye. Markus headed back towards us with the glass cup filled with ice and soda, napkins and straws in his other hand. When he passed by Dean, Dean quickly whirled around and dashed towards the back exit, bumping into Markus in the process. The soda slipped out of Markus’ hand and splashed on his shirt and pants. The glass cup shattered on the floor in front of him and he released the straws to hurriedly pat his pants with some of the napkins. Tanya and I ran up to him and grabbed some napkins from him to help with his shirt.
“Talk about rude!” Tanya spat out. She patted Markus’ shirt roughly.
“Did you see?!” Markus yelled and looked at the exit door Dean had left through. “He shoved me and didn’t even-that asshole shoved me hard.” he said defensively.
“Just let it go,” Tanya continued, “maybe he didn’t see you. He was so focused on that guy standing behind us.” 
Behind us? He wasn’t looking at me? I felt like such an idiot. There I was thinking he was watching me. Well…I was glad I didn’t wave. Markus and Tanya wouldn’t have ever let that one slide. They would’ve made fun of me forever until I slipped up again.
“Whatever. He had to have felt that he shoved me.” He lightly pushed Tanya and me away. “I’ll be back.” he moodily said.
“Wait! Where are you going?” Realization hit me. Markus was going to confront Dean. I pictured my tiny Markus up against the giant Dean. “Wait! Don’t. Just let it go Markus! Please!” I shouted.
  “Stay here!” he demanded and stomped away. 
   I listened to him and stayed inside with Tanya but I couldn’t help but worry. I’d never seen Markus in a fight, I was betting that he wouldn’t stand a chance against Dean. Wait a minute. Why did I automatically think about a fight? Maybe he just wanted to talk. Markus wasn’t a fighter. Still…I had to go look for myself.
“I gotta go to the bathroom.” Tanya said. “Are you coming with me?” she asked. Not phased or worried about Markus.
“No, I should stay here. So someone’s here when Markus comes back.” A good excuse. What I really wanted to do was follow him. I had to make sure he was alright. Tanya headed for the bathroom alone and as soon as she was out of sight, I rushed to the exit. As I pushed the huge door out, someone from the outside was trying to pull it simultaneously. I lost my grip on the handle and as I stumbled forward, I found Dean on the other side, blocking my exit. He looked down at me -motionless– staring at me the way he did that day I dropped the pencil. His eyes shined with pleasure. I looked at the small gap between him and the opening...small, but big enough for me to squeeze through. I mean, really squeeze through. 
“I need to get through.” I stated, trying to keep my composure. 
His eyes locked with mine. And that rapturing gaze was taking me away from what was important right now. After what seemed like an eternity, but what was probably only mere seconds, he tore his gaze away from mine and surveyed the gap between us. When his eyes glared back down at mine, they were dark and smoldering. He raised his arm and leaned his elbow against the door frame. A flirtatious smile formed on his attractive face. I started falling apart at the thought of that smile being for me, then he purposely closed the gap a bit more, shining eyes daring me to squeeze through.
I blinked with surprise. Now, more than ever, I wanted to squeeze through that gap. I wanted physical contact. 
Determined, I tightened my mouth into a line and knitted my brow. I wanted to look angry and I wanted him to move away before I got sucked out of reality with him. His mischievous smile stayed the same and he kept right in his place. I took a deep breath and began to navigate through him, but it was a tight squeeze; I was literally between a rock and a hard place. The warm smell of amber enveloped me, hot, vibrant waves swept through me. I lifted my shaky hands and placed them on his rib cage to help me push my back against the wall and garner some distance from him. Not a budge. So I lowered my hand and placed it on his oblique. What I intended was to just set my hand there, but I found myself exploring the roped muscles of his core as I put my hand there. My heart hammered beneath my chest. I had to get out of there. Again, I pushed against him to widen the gap at least an inch so I could squeeze through. I looked up at his flirting eyes and popped right out the other side. A victorious smile shone on me as I turned around to face him, the door slowly inched to a close. All I saw were his green enchanting eyes through the darkness. And they were smiling.
When I finally made it outside, it was like stepping into an outdoor hallway with dividers and dumpsters beside each door. It was quiet, lifeless. I spotted Markus at a distance, getting up from a crouched position. And that made me immediately rush in his direction.
“Markus!” I made it to him speedily and helped him up. Thinking he was injured, I hugged him and patted him down. “Are you okay? What did he do to you?” I desperately asked him.
“Mindy. I saw. I can’t…” Markus panted. No. He was trying to breathe. It sounded like he had just been underwater for longer than he could hold his breath.
“What! Markus. What is it?” I cried out. My heart pounded in my chest. My mind tried to reel some possibilities of what happened, but I came up empty and my knees quaked at the words…
“The body.” Markus gushed quietly. He said it too softly. Like he didn’t want me to hear it, but he had to say it out loud. He ran around the wall beside us. I followed, keeping up with his pace. As we passed the corner of the wall, Markus crashed right into someone. 
“Is this your way of asking me for a dance?” asked a velvety smooth voice. “I know I’m stunning Markus, but don’t give up on the ladies,” he bragged.
Markus looked up at him in disgust. “Shane?” he confidently asked. “Get into a fight?” Markus asked.
I looked up at Shane. There was a blood smear on his soft lips; it ran down to his delicate, powder white chin.
“No. Why?” asked Shane. He arched his brow in concern.
“You have blood on your mouth.” Markus informed and pointed at the spot without making contact.
Shane smiled, exposing his perfectly white teeth and wiped the blood with a tissue he pulled from his pocket. Without another word, he elegantly walked off, glancing at me as he passed. Immediately, Markus ran to where the dumpster was behind the wall. He jumped on the step attached to the dumpster and peaked his head in. With disappointment on his face, he hopped back down and searched the ground for something.
“Markus?” I was growing impatient.
He looked up at me baffled. His face was twisted with confusion. 
“The body.” He breathed. “It’s-” He turned around and searched the ground again. “It’s gone?” he asked himself in disbelief.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Without giving me any answers, Markus grabbed my arm and pulled me back inside. I jerked my arm away and planted my feet. He stopped and looked back at me, his face was washed in terror and his eyes were transfixed in horror. 
“What happened with Dean?” I asked. “What do you mean when you say body?” I cried out.
“Dean?” his voice high in inquiry. “Did you see him? Is he still here?” His eyes darted throughout the club. “We gotta get out of here!” he squealed. 
I had never seen him like that before. I didn’t want to be pushy like I usually was with him, but something serious happened and Markus really didn’t want me to know. What did he mean by body? I nodded my head in agreement to his exclamation.
We rushed to the couch at which we had started the night. Tanya was chatting with Ayden. Crap! He invited me there tonight and I had turned him down. Awkward! That was the least of my worries at the moment. As we approached, Ayden jumped to his feet, looking a little disappointed to see me there. He wanted to be the one to bring me there.
“Mindy? I thought you didn’t want to come?” he sharply posed as he staggered towards me. A hint of anger showed clearly on his face.
“Change of plans.” I said in hopes that it would end the awkward conversation. “We’re leaving though,” I added.
“No. Please, I need to talk to you.” Ayden pleaded with attempted charm. “Can you hang with me for a while?” He brought his hands up and flattened them under his chin as if he were praying.
 “Markus is my ride.” I informed him.
“I can take you home.” He turned to Markus. “Don’t worry, dude. I’ll take her home safely.” Ayden assured him. 
“What do you want to do, Mindy?” Markus asked.
“I still need to finish talking to you.” I reminded him.
“We’re done. I have nothing to say. Ayden needs to talk to you anyway.” Markus insisted. He spun on his heels and as he passed Ayden, I heard him say, “Don’t leave her alone.” Markus’ tone was serious.
Tanya rose up and skipped to me. She threw her arms around me and brought her lips to my ear. “Something’s different about Ayden tonight.” She paused and smiled at Ayden. Turning back to me, she whispered, “Be careful.”
“You have nothing to worry about.” I gave her an assuring smile. “Take care of Markus,” I suggested.
“Why? What happened?” she asked.
“I don’t know yet.” I said quietly while squeezing her a brief moment before releasing her.
She pressed her lips together with determination. I knew from that look that she was going to try to find out.
I didn’t want to deal with Ayden right now as he was so eager to rekindle our ‘friendship.’ I so wasn’t having it as I was more than fine without him…even if it has only been a week since I started avoiding him. I lead Ayden back to the couch to sit down, making sure not to sit too close to him. Unfortunately, the loud music blaring around us made that impossible.
“So, how have you been?” he asked.
“Good” I stated. As I glanced around the room, I found what I was searching for; Dean. Once again, he looked only in my direction. He was seated at the bar near the entrance, but this time I was sure he was looking right at me. Sadly, his face looked different than the smile he had for me before. It was no longer playful; it was now twisted in pain. Just to see what would happen, I scooted myself right up to Ayden, practically intertwining our legs together. Dean looked away swiftly. After a moment though, his eyes found me again. I couldn’t concentrate. I couldn’t focus any of my attention on what Ayden was saying. All I heard was his voice mumbling in my ear. And distracted as I was, I still couldn’t ignore the stench of stale alcohol masked by mint that crept out of his mouth.
“Mindy?” Ayden asked.
“Huh? What’s up?” I blurted absentmindedly.
“Have you been listening to anything I’ve been saying?” he asked in a huff.
“Have you been drinking?” I inquired.
Ayden exhaled. “I only had one drink at the house party I just came from.”
I glanced back at Dean then inched closer to Ayden’s ear. Agony spread over Dean’s face. “It’s too loud in here,” I said in his ear.
“Let’s go for a walk then.” he suggested.
I smiled and rose to my feet. Grabbing his hand might have been a bad idea, but I had to see if I could get another reaction out of Dean. And I did. We walked past him to get to the front entrance and his eyes blazed murderously at Ayden. They were like a dark sky, promising a threatening and ominous event in its wake. The shimmering array of stars glistened every time the flashing lights hit them. But it was a grim darkness that swirled around in his eyes.
When we exited the building, it looked as if the streets were congested with people. We hardly had any room to walk on the sidewalks, so we had to walk on the street instead.
“Let’s go somewhere quieter.” Ayden insisted. 
We crossed the street, cutting off a car that was creeping at about two miles an hour behind another. Honks filled the air. Not directed at us, but at each other.
“I knew it would get like this,” Ayden said confidently. “I parked far. Do you mind walking?” he asked.
“I don’t care.” I lied. My boots were killing me, as a matter of fact. I felt as if they were squeezing my feet with every step I took, my initial expectation of comfort making it unbearably worse. 
“Let’s cut behind this building,” he suggested, “It leads to the forest.”
Just about everything near Georgetown had a forest behind it. Austin was only fifteen minutes away, but still not far enough to get away from the forests.
“Where exactly is your car?” I asked.
“It’s at the end of the forest.” He stated.
I squinted at him from the corner of my eye.
“It really is.” He chuckled. “Don’t worry…it’s not that far.”
We walked deep into the forest with only the moonlight to guide us where we were going. I loved being here at night. All the sounds were more precise; the tree branches bristling against each other in the soft wind, the stream nearby, crisp water flowing calmly and smooth, making me want to go sit in front of it to enjoy it all the better. The walk was so peaceful that I had completely forgotten about Markus’ panic attack and the events that followed. I looked up at Ayden with a hesitant smile. He was very pensive and I knew what that meant; here it came. Whatever was on his mind was soon to come out and ruin my peaceful walk. But we had to get it over with.
“What’s on your mind?” I asked.
He walked a little ahead of me and leaned against a big tree. Actually, it was enormous! Half the size of my bedroom! I stopped in front of him awaiting his answer.
“Where are we right now Mindy?” he asked.
“What?” How should I put this? “Ummm…we… Are. Friends?” It was an unsure answer because I wasn’t sure where it would take me.
“You’ve been pretty distant.” He waited for some kind of answer from me. “Ignoring my phone calls.” He snickered. “And yet…you still want me.”
“Wait a minute. I never said that.” I blurted and crossed my arms in front of my chest.
“Your body did. On the couch. And when you grabbed my hand...” he cooed.
Crap! That was totally not why I did it. Mixed signals. How was I supposed to fix this?  I couldn’t just tell him that I did it to get a reaction from another guy, especially another guy that is on the list of guys Ayden hates.
“It’s not what you think,” I replied. “I don’t have feelings for you Ayden. It’s over. It was never really…under.” I spat out. Thinking that was the end of that, I turned around to head back the way we came from. “I don’t want to talk about this anymore. Let’s head back.” 
He grabbed my arm. 
“Where do you think you’re going?” Ayden demanded. He then yanked me up to him and held me tight up against his chest. I struggled to get free, but I couldn’t. He was too strong. At that moment, I hated being so much smaller than him because it made me feel completely powerless.
“Stop it. Let me go, Ayden!” I hollered. He remained silent. And I saw that determination was written on his face. At that moment, I knew why he had brought me out here, where no one was around. It wasn’t because it was too loud on Sixth Street; it was because of witnesses. He pulled me closer and brought his lips down to mine. I caught another whiff of alcohol on his breath and I jerked my head to the side, away from his mouth. 
“Hold still!” he ordered. His grip on my arms got tighter. I wasn’t sure if he meant to hurt me by doing so, but I did feel the stinging in my arms nonetheless.
     “Help!” I screamed out as loud as I could. But I heard nothing. Nothing but the panting Ayden and I were giving off, mine from being panic-stricken and his…his being from something else. 
I was alone. 
All alone. 
My skin crawled at the thought, but then I gave off a louder scream. And in return…silence.
“No one can hear you Mindy…” he drawled.
He loosened his grip on one of my arms to reach for my head so he could force my face to be right up against his own. But I had other plans-I swung out my loose hand and punched him as hard as I could in the face. I had never punched anything in my life and the impact felt like I had broken something in my hand! Next, not wanting to lose momentum, I aimed my knee at his groin, but missed and hit his thigh instead. It still made him loosen me up a little, just enough for me to break free. I ran as fast as I could through the trees and shrubs. My boots weren’t letting me get that far and I knew he was going to catch me. A sickening wave of terror hit me at the thought and at the fast stomping I heard from behind me. I was used to running, but not in boots! Ayden, on the other hand, was a running back on the football team. I wouldn’t be able to out run him for long so I had to act. Quickly, I dove behind a bush. Luckily, the bush was mature, along with the rest of the forest so it was more than big enough to hide me. I felt around the ground for something, anything I could use as a weapon. Among the mud and twigs, I found a rock the size of my fist. A little bigger would have been better, but it would have to do. I controlled my breathing while crouched down as low as possible. Gripping onto the jagged rock as tightly as I could, I listened for him. The twigs snapping under his feet were rapidly turning into thunderous cracking. Ayden was coming closer and I had to bite my lip to keep from screeching. The metallic crimson seeped out of my lip and traveled to my tongue. Ayden was much too close. He stopped just a few feet away from me and I quietly sucked in some breath. Without looking down at the bush covering me, he slowly crept in my direction. Did he know I was here? Was he trying to trick me? 
He came closer still. 
“Mindy…” he continued on, “…come on, baby. I was just having a little fun.” The sound of twigs breaking rang through the silence. But it wasn’t from his feet. He swiveled around and slowly crept towards the sound. A deer perhaps?
Now was the time to surprise him. If I hit him in the back of the head just hard enough, I could knock him out. I thought. Or would I kill him? I didn’t want to hurt him that bad. Something had to be done because sooner or later, he would find me. And maybe do horrible things to me. I began to steadily breathe again though my eyes got watery. The hand I had clenched around the rock got shaky and damp from my nervousness. I released it and wiped the sweat off my hand to get a better grip on the rock. Should I run? And if I did run, how quickly would he hear me? But if I was to sneak behind him, I was sure to make some noise and I would be too far to hit him. I stood up as determination took over. He was bending over a bush, searching for me. That bastard! He’d never leave alone until he had me. I rose to my feet and ran as fast as my legs could possibly take me with my arm in the air ready to swing the rock at him. Right before I was in arms reach, he swung around and spotted my weapon. Instinctively, he tackled me, as if I were carrying a football and I was his opponent. 
When my head hit the ground, it hit something hard. A rock. My vision started getting blurry as if I were trying to focus a camera; but I was trying to focus my vision. But to no avail, it was getting darker. As my vision blacked in and out, I felt Ayden’s weight lifted off of me. Then everything went dark.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
When I woke up, my head was pounding. But that’s not what woke me; it was the bouncing. I was being carried by someone through what seemed to be mute darkness. And it wasn’t Ayden. This person was much bigger. He saved me. It had to be what happened. The last thing I remembered was Ayden’s weight off of me. It wasn’t like he willingly got off of me; it felt like he was lifted. And I was definitely not being carried by someone graceful. My body was bouncing every step against his hard chest. With every stride he took, the shake would increase the throbbing in my head. Already having so much trouble keeping my eyes open, I hated it! I felt like I was in one of those dreams where you can’t scream when you’re trying everything in your power to. I wanted to see him. I needed to see him. To thank him. I looked up, but my eyes were incredibly heavy. Even if I could keep them open, I still couldn’t see straight.
“Thank you...” I croaked. 
I felt so pathetic. I didn’t think he even heard me. Even so, I still leaned my head closer to his chest and nestled it in between his peck and his bicep. That’s when I noticed that his chest was bare. He had no shirt. Strangely, it didn’t bother me, and I thought nothing more of it. I was very comfortable there, even though I felt like I was laying my head on boulders. It was a safe feeling. I wasn’t even scared that I didn’t know this guy, let alone the fact that he was carrying me to who knows where. The night was now a peaceful quiet. I could clearly hear his strong heart pounding in his muscled chest. And it was out of control. Kind of as if it was trying to punch its way out of his rib cage. Was he scared about something? I wanted to ask him if everything was okay. Beyond what I could physically hear, I started to feel him. Not with my hands; I felt him around me. He was shaking. He was shaking as an anxious person would in the presence of something overwhelming to them.
But he never said a word. How I wish he would. At least then I’d be able to hear his voice. I felt myself drifting off again, but I couldn’t. What if he left before I woke up? I wasn’t going to let that happen. Will-power needed to be with me. I couldn’t. I just couldn’t close my-
When I was able to open my eyes again, I was laying on my bed. The first thing I saw was the blurry sight of a forearm. And it had two markings on it. Tattoos? I couldn’t make out what they were, but I knew they had to be tattoos. 
“What’s your name?” I whimpered out. 
Still no answer. He had to have heard me. I was beginning to think he wasn’t answering on purpose. My vision started clearing up some more, but it was too late. In one quick movement, he was away from the bed and jumping out the window. I tried to call out to him. To beg him not to leave. But it was too late and he was gone. And there I was, lying motionless on my bed. Questions started pouring in my head. One thing I knew for sure is he knew who I was. He obviously knew where I lived. Who was this guy? I had to find out. No doubt about it. I had to find him. But for now, all I could do was rest.
“Mindy?” a worried voice called out.
I opened my eyes to the bright light slicing through my exposed window. As I gazed at the window, the figure of the person that saved me ran through my mind. How I wished I was able to see him. I hated myself for being so out of it last night. 
“Mindy?” Markus was standing at my doorway holding my purse in his hand. His eyebrows were scrunched up and his brown eyes were wide in alarm. “You okay?” Markus asked.
“Yeah. Why do you ask?” I was confused with his question. Did he know what had happened? I slowly sat up and felt the soreness on the back of my and head. My arms and legs were also sore, kind of as if I worked out for hours. 
“Well, it’s one in the afternoon and you’re barely waking up. Not to mention your hair has leaves in it.” He placed the purse down on my nightstand. It had blotches of mud along the bottom of it. But how did Markus get it from the forest? He sat at the foot of my bed with his head down, something obviously was bothering him. It actually looked like he hadn’t slept all night. 
“I found your purse on your porch. You must have dropped it there.” Markus said. He studied me, and worry was all I saw on his face. Markus wasn’t the type to show exaggerated emotions. During situations in the past, he was always the one to calm me down, yet I was sure he was still freaking out on the inside. Curiosity lit his features. “What’s up with the shirt?” he asked.
Confused by his question, I looked down. Oh yeah. This was totally not my shirt. A smoky grey t-shirt was draped over me. A male’s large, smoky grey t-shirt. I gasped in shock. But I was sure I still felt the blouse I was wearing last night still on me. Pulling at the opening to the shirt, I peeked inside. Yup, it was still on. The top of my blouse was unbuttoned exposing my pink laced bra. The buttons must have popped open while I was running and crawling around that bush. I released the opening and patted it against my collarbone.
“No. It isn’t.” I sighed blissfully. That’s why my hero was shirtless. He put it on me to cover me up, even though I was unaware of my exposure. I smiled dreamily.
“Huh?” Confusion ran over his face. “And why does your face have some mud on it?” Markus closed the space between us and bent down to put his face closer to mine.
I leaped off the bed and kicked off the boots I didn’t take off last night, sending them flying across the room. “After Ayden tried to… Oh! Someone saved me Markus!” I exclaimed.
“What?!” He quickly sat up. “What did Ayden try to do? Who saved you?” he demanded.
“Well.” I stood still. “I. I don’t know who saved me. And Ayden…he tried to force himself on me. But it’s okay! He didn’t succeed! Not even close. The guy that saved me probably whooped his butt too!” I sat down in front of him on the bed. I slouched my shoulders and looked down at the dirty carpet. It had muddy footsteps from last night, or this morning-whatever time it was. “I couldn’t see his face. I don’t know who he is.” I said.
“Whoa. Can you start from the beginning? Tell me exactly what happened,” he pleaded.
After explaining to him every detail of my experience, he sat back down, attentive and pensive. 
I escaped being raped, if that was really Ayden’s intention. It was like escaping death. This situation could have ended up horribly, but it didn’t and for that I was grateful. I knew Ayden wouldn’t have tried that while being sober, it wasn’t him. On top of it all, someone saved me and I wanted to know who it was. 
“I shouldn’t have left you with him.” Markus said half out loud. “How are you feeling?” 
“Great! Markus, I feel great.” I said.
“Okay, Tony the Tiger.” He nodded his head. “Physically? Are you hurt?”
“I’m really sore.” I said while massaging the back of my head. There was a bump there. It was crusty. I must have bled when I hit that rock. Markus was already freaking out so I wasn’t about to volunteer the information to him that my head was bleeding at some point in the evening. I stretched out my legs. It felt both good and painful at the same time. Already used to running every night, I realized I must have ran really hard because I never turned out this sore.
“Mindy… Usually…and I’m assuming here, but girls would generally be freaked. You’re celebrating.” he muttered, looking at me like I was a little crazy.
“I’m celebrating because I survived before anything could happen! Ayden got his butt kicked. And I got saved. I have to figure out who my rescuer is. He knows who I am. And he knows where I live,” I pointed out.
“What about Dean?” he asked.
“Dean? You think it’s him?” I asked hoping that Markus would have the right answer.
“No. I mean, did you see him after I left?” he asked.
“Yeah. He was still in the lounge when I left.” Which reminded me about Markus flipping out. “By the way, what happened last night?” I asked.
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.” he assured me. He put his hands up to his face and exhaled loudly.
“You can tell me,” I said calmly. In my head I was screaming. Demanding that he tell me what the heck happened. “Come on. How bad could it be?” 
The smell of my morning breath crept up to my nose. Crap! Ewwww! I jumped up before Markus could answer me and ran to the bathroom. “Hold on! I gotta brush my teeth!” I yelled behind me. While I was in the bathroom, I washed the messy makeup off my face and quickly brushed my hair. After I cleaned up enough, I ran back to the room and sat down on the floor in front of him. I looked up at him with my lips pressed and with an assuring look. 
“Dean. Heh. Umm…I think.” he struggled to say. He forced a smile and rubbed his hand down his face. “I think he killed someone last night. I saw the whole thing.” he quickly blurted it out. 
He stared at me like he was studying my reaction. And I couldn’t believe it. It couldn’t be true. I knew Dean. I knew the true person he was on the inside. It was impossible for him to do such a horrible thing. This could not be real.
“Are you sure? What do you mean exactly? Did you actually see this happen?” I asked.
“Yes, I’m sure. Positive. But the body disappeared,” he added.
“You mean he hid the body?” I asked.
“I don’t know what the heck he did with it.” He rubbed his hand down his face and rubbed his eyes as if to make the images from last night more clear.
“What happened exactly?” I asked. None of this made sense. A body doesn’t just disappear.
“After I left the club, I found him fighting some dude. And there was a chick running away from the fight. Look, I hid behind a wall and watched it all go down. Dean looked pretty pissed.” He paused. “I don’t want to tell you how he killed him Mindy. Just believe me when I say that it did happen. When you came up to me, I was looking for the body. But it was already gone. I don’t know how Dean hid it. It was impossible for him to do it in a matter of seconds...” he muttered unbelieving, “…impossible.” 
“Are you gonna call the cops?” I asked, still not believing a word of it.
“How can I call them? There is no body. I have no proof. And no witnesses besides myself.” He sighed. “They’ll just think I’m crazy.”
“Did Dean see you?” I asked.
“Yeah.” he responded immediately. 
“Did he say anything?” I asked.
“Not really.” He gave a nervous laugh. “He-uh…when he walked by me, he stopped and looked at me. I dropped to the floor and pretended I was looking for something. After that, he walked inside and you came out shortly after.” Markus said in a shaky voice.
“This can’t be real. What are we going to do?” I asked myself as well as him.
“I’m going to keep an eye on him.” Markus responded.
“What do you mean? Like, follow him around? ” I asked. “Just call the cops.”
“Speaking of...are you going to call them?” he asked.
“Oh. Ayden. Well, he didn’t really accomplish anything. But, no. I don’t think I’m going to call the cops.” And that’s when it came to me. “Ayden saw who he was! He had to have, Markus!” I let out. I had to know who it was, so I could thank him.
“I don’t think he’s going to admit anything even happened. You’re not going to find out who it was through him.” he advised. After a moment in pause, “I’m impressed with you. The way you look at the glass as half full in this situation takes a lot.”
“Thanks.” I said with a smile. “But really Markus, I’m fine.” I assured him. 
It worried me that Markus was going to keep an eye on Dean. There was no telling what could happen. “What do you mean exactly when you say you’re going to keep an eye on Dean? Are you going to follow him around or something? Wait until he strikes again? Do you think he’s a serial killer? What if he tries to kill you for seeing him?” I blurted everything before closing my mouth with my hand to keep myself from talking more nonsense.
“I have something in mind. A theory, if you will. Weird stuff is going on Mindy.” He stood up and stretched out his arms. “I’m going to get to the bottom of it.”
“What? I know you want to be a detective and all but I don’t think you should mess with Dean. Let the cops do it, Markus.” I insisted.
“I’d give you the same advice.” he hinted.
“What are you talking about?” I asked.
“Ayden.” he reminded me. 
“Oh. I don’t think he’ll bother me again.” I assured him.
“By the way…I see the way Dean looks at you.” he said matter-of-factly.
“It’s nothing, Markus. I’m sure I’m not the only one.” I said, though not fully believing the words coming out of my mouth.
“Actually, you are.” he said. “I see him stare at you. I can tell he tries not to. He’s not very slick about it.” Markus added.
“Do you think he likes me?” I asked. I already thought I knew the answer. I didn’t know why I was so interested. I guess it was the thought of someone so incredibly hot checking me out. And Dean wasn’t just hot, he was a masterpiece. 
“Why else would he stare at you? All the same, I think you should stay away from him.” he insisted.
“I already do. It’s not like I hang out with him or anything.” I looked down at my nail and started picking at the polish. “It’s not like we’re friends anymore...” My voice shrank so it wouldn’t sound affected.
“I know. I just don’t want you getting hurt. He’s trouble.” Markus said.
“Are you sure about what you saw?” I asked again.
“Positive.” He sounded sure of himself. “I gotta get going. I have some things I have to take care of tonight.” He headed out the door and didn’t come back. 
I wasn’t sure that I believed him. Dean didn’t hurt people like that. I knew he had a heart still. He was not a monster. And a body didn’t just disappear like that. Markus even thought a ghost played tricks on him. He said that every time he vacuumed at his house, a little girl would unplug the cord and take off. I have yet to see her or any other ghost for that matter. I really thought his mind was playing tricks on him again. And he was so determined to prove it to me. He vacuumed practically every day just so he could get a photo shot of her. I have yet to see it because he told me ‘she was too fast’.
Dean came to mind again. I couldn’t believe the way he was acting. Like he liked me. I was actually a little excited about that. But I was never going to admit it to Markus, especially not after what he thought happened. I decided I had to go with him and see whatever it was he needed to see for myself. I was also hoping I would bump into the mystery guy that saved me. Quickly running to my window, I hoped to catch Markus before he drove off. Luckily, he was barely opening his car door. I opened the window swiftly and called out his name.
“Yeah?” he yelled out. Markus walked away from his car and stood under my window to hear better. 
“Can I go with you tonight?” I asked.
“I don’t think it’s such a good idea, Mindy” He shook his head.
“Awww, come on.” I made a sad face. One that always worked on Markus. He was such a softy and saying no to me was always difficult for him. “Pleeeaase!” I begged.
“Fine, then,” he continued, “I’ll pick you up at eight.” Markus turned around shaking his head again at his failure to reject me and hopped into the shoe.
I actually looked forward to spying on Dean. Mainly because I was curious to know what it is he did in his spare time. I knew he definitely worked out. And he didn’t have many friends that I’ve seen, so he probably didn’t spend much time with others. In fact, every time I’ve seen him out in public, he’s been by himself or with Shane at the lunch table. Which when I think about it, didn’t make any sense at all. Especially because of the fist fight they had. I’d never seen Dean so pissed off.
“Mindy!” my mom called out. It seemed Markus had left the door open. She popped her head in with a warm smile. “I got up pretty early so I went to Carmen’s house for coffee. She wanted to go to the store so we headed over there. When did you come home last night?” she asked.
And there it was; the question that could get me into a whole mess of trouble. My excuse was fair, but I wasn’t sure I wanted to tell her about last night anymore. She already had high blood pressure and I was sure hearing about someone trying to hurt her little girl would send it soaring up into dangerous levels. My mom stressed out way too easily, but I had to tell her something.
“I don’t know what time, actually.” It was true. I didn’t know what time my hero brought me home. “Sorry, I think it was past my curfew. I didn’t really look at the time.” Another truth.
“Well, I’m going to your aunt’s house tonight. Do you want to go with me?” she asked, brushing it off.
“Actually, mom. I kind of already told Markus I’d help him with something.” Even though it was another truth, I felt like such a liar. I hated keeping things from her. If I told her any of this, I’m sure that she would keep me tied up in the house for my own safety.
“Okay, then. But I’ll be leaving soon. I want you back by eleven tonight.” she demanded.
“Thanks, mom.” I exhaled.
Fortunately, she left the room without any more questions I couldn’t answer honestly. As soon as she closed the door, I jumped to my feet. 
After polishing my nails, I hopped in the shower and started getting ready for tonight. After I got myself all prettied up and some time had passed, I went downstairs. It was dark in the house now. My mom had left during daylight, so she didn’t leave any lights on. I carefully felt my way along the wall to the stairs. Don’t trip. Don’t trip. Don’t trip.  
It was quite a while until Markus was supposed to pick me up, so I popped in an action movie. There was a lot of fighting in this one. The hero of the movie was fighting numerous bad guys at the same time, too. Markus came to mind then. It hit me that we were going to act as the good guys tonight. Would it be dangerous? Would Markus be wrong? Would there be running involved again? At least I was wearing actual shoes tonight. It was difficult to look better than last night when I had to dress down. But at least I was comfortable this time.
The door bell rang right at eight. I opened it and Markus stood there, dressed in all black. Oh yeah, this was sure to be some night.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
“Are you going to wear that tonight?” Markus asked.
    “What’s wrong with this?” I spat out. Looking down at myself, I realized what he was talking about-I was wearing a vibrant red shirt with light pants. An outfit that attracted attention probably wasn’t a good idea tonight. I swiveled around and ran upstairs to get a more appropriate outfit for spying. Having a better idea on what to wear now, I found a little black shirt and black hip huggers to go with it. My midriff top would show a little, but it was the only black shirt I had. Well, other than the one I wore around the house that had a picture of a skunk saying ‘love stinks’ on it. 
“You done checking yourself out yet?” Markus called out.
“Shut up!” I hollered while running down the stairs. “Alright! Let’s go!”
“Why are you so excited?” Markus asked.
“Do I look excited?” I asked while giving him a mischievous smile.
“Yeah. You do. Tonight I’m going to follow some guy around that could be a killer and you’re acting like you’re meeting up with a boy you like.” He stared at me, studying my face, and a smile formed on his lips. 
“What?” I asked.
“You want to bump into your mysterious boyfriend don’t you?” He threw back a chuckle. “I knew it!”
“No. I want to go catch me a bad guy. That’s all!” I snapped back.
“Whatever.” Markus laughed out. “You ready yet?” He reached for the front door and opened it. 
Before we stepped out, I made sure all the doors to the house were locked. Markus was fidgeting with the passenger door to his car, but he eventually opened it for me and hopped in on the other side. I was eager to get the night started with. It felt like we were going on a mission, like in a movie or something. I never really did anything exciting like this. Well… I did go jet skiing once. It was a camping trip the family took at the lake and it was a much better alternative besides sitting around. 
I wasn’t sure if I was getting impatient or if Markus was just too slow. I stared at him in disbelief. How can a person be so slow? In a sloth-like motion, he buckled himself up and adjusted his seat. Then, he checked his mirrors by moving them around a bit and then placing them back to where they were in the first place. What the crap? Didn’t he just get in and drive the car? Everything should have been set up already. I didn’t understand how he always got to places on time. It was like he lived in his own little leisure world.
Markus turned to me with an innocent smile. “Let’s go.” Then he put the car into drive and we were on our way.
“Is Tanya coming?” I asked.
“Nah. I think she got grounded for talking late on the phone with some guy. She doesn’t know about any of this anyway. She did try to get it out of me last night though. I just don’t think she can handle it.” Markus said.
“So where are we going?” I asked.
“Where I saw it all. The criminal always returns to the scene of the crime.” He narrowed his eyes. “I’ve seen it on the show Innocent Until Proven Criminal.” 
“You watch that show too much.” I accused.
“Hey those episodes are from real cases. You’d know that if you weren’t so busy staring at the walls in your room.” he teased.
“Markus! I’m not that lame!” My jaw dropped. I raised my hand to my eye and put my index finger and thumb close to each other. “You’re this close to a kick and a punch,” I warned.
We pulled up to The Impulse. It looked pretty packed tonight-even more than last night. Predictably, there was not a single parking spot near the building. We ended up parking in the garage again. This time, I had on some regular shoes so my feet wouldn’t hurt during the walk. And also because I wanted to be prepared in case I needed to run. I looked a little too casual for the lounge though. Girls were wearing miniskirts with really cute tops. And others were basically in bikinis. Their cleavage was out, bellies were showing-the whole shebang. I guess it didn’t matter how I looked anyway because Markus lead me straight to the back of the lounge. We exited through the back doors and found that there was a cool breeze out tonight. The fresh air wrapped around me and flowed through my hair. It was quiet; I didn’t think anyone was out here. And there was a ladder attached to the building that reached the top. The building wasn’t that tall. It was just one story, so Markus and I easily climbed up to the roof and sat down with our legs hanging off.  He had brought a bag with him, which consisted of at least two binoculars as he pulled them out and handed me the one with a neck strap on it. 
“Cool!” I put my head through the strap and looked through them. “What else do you have in that bag?”
“Just some snacks.” He pulled out some chips and soda cans. A bad idea for me. I was trying to eat healthy and junk food was the only thing he brought. I was certain I could resist the temptation. 
“I also brought you this.” Markus pulled out a miniature spray can. 
“Thanks.” I didn’t know what the thing was. Wait…it looked like-
“It’s mace, Mindy,” he continued, “I don’t want you to freak out or anything. I just wanted you to be ready...in case something happens.” He put it in my hand and smiled. “Do you know how to use it?” he asked.
“Of course. You just grab it like this…” I wrapped my hand around the base and put my finger on the spray nozzle. I pointed it in front of me and turned towards Markus, the mace following.
“Whoa!” He ducked down and pushed my arm away. I swear, that had to be the fastest I’ve seen him move. Ninja mode!
“Chill out. It’s not a gun or anything.” I said.
“Well don’t wave it around like a baton.” He let go of my hand and sat back up. “I want you to keep it with you,” he suggested.
“The binoculars, too?” Excitement filled my voice.
“No!” He shot out. “If anything happens to you again, you take this and without any hesitation…spray the whole can in the jerk-off’s eyes. It leaves a red dye all over the target. So after you empty it on him call the cops and they’ll be able to find him easier because of the red markings.” he informed me.
“So they can’t scrub it off or anything?” I asked.
“Nope.”
“Thanks. You really didn’t have to, but thanks.” I looked down at it in appreciation. He’d never given me anything before. Well, aside from birthday and Christmas gifts.
“Yeah yeah,” he said, shyly. “Just don’t go spraying me with it.”
He must have really cared about me to have given me something like this. How sweet. Markus started searching the ground below us with his binoculars after raising them up to his eyes. I did the same. Nothing much was going on though. All I saw was a cute couple making out beside a dumpster. Not a place I would pick to do that, but hey, people do crazy stuff. Further down, I spotted an orange cat that was digging through a dumpster behind a different building. There had to be at least thirteen of them set across from each other. Every building’s back entrance had a wall that divided the dumpster from the door. It looked like a little room with a wall knocked down as an opening. A bit of debris was floating on the ground, with help from the wind. But nothing else was going on.
“So how long are we going to be here?” I sighed.
“There you go,” he murmured.
“What!” I screeched.
“You get bored way too easily. We’re going to be here all night, Mindy.” He stated.
“It was just a question. Geeeesh!” I let my binoculars hang from my neck and then I grabbed the bag of chips. Before opening it, I read the nutritional facts on the back of the package. “I don’t know how you can eat this stuff.” Actually, I did know. Every bite was filled with the crunchy goodness of super cheesy bursts of flavor. And that savory tang had every single taste bud on your tongue rejoicing in delight. Before I knew it, I was placing a chip in my mouth. Darn! The temptation got to me. Markus looked at me and shook his head, knowing exactly what was going to happen. 
I didn’t know how many hours had passed since we’d been on the roof, but time seemed to be dragging. All we were looking at was the same couple hiding behind walls and making out. I was beginning to feel like a pervert.
“How long have we been here?” I wondered out loud. I hoped he didn’t hear me.
“Only a couple of hours.” Markus mumbled. Crap! He did hear me.
“I don’t think he’s coming tonight,” I said.
“The night is young.” Markus was still looking through the binoculars. “He’ll show up any minute now.” he assured me.
“I have to be home by eleven tonight.” I informed.
“Me too.” he said while looking at his watch. “My dad’s just looking for an excuse to ground me.”
“Why?” I asked, not surprised.
“You know the millions of bushes in my front yard?” he asked.
“Yeah.” I nodded.
“Well, they need some major trimming and he’s waiting until I mess up so it can be my punishment.” he said begrudgingly.
“Don’t you guys take turns? I thought you did them last time.” I mentioned.
“I did. It’s his turn, but he keeps pushing it off on purpose, waiting…” Markus said.
The alley remained empty and quiet, other than the one couple. The same couple that had been out here forever. I zoomed in on them and from what I could see, the guy was good-looking. Other than needing a tan, he had very nice features. I couldn’t see the girls face but that was probably because her boyfriend was giving her a ridiculously long hickey. 
Out of sheer boredom, I started fiddling with my new weapon of destruction-my mace. 
“There he is!” Markus whispered suddenly.
“Finally.” I brought my binoculars back up to my eyes and sure enough, there Dean was. Man, did he look good. Tanya would be drooling if she were here so it’s only appropriate that I drool for her. Once again, he had on a black shirt that hugged every ripple of muscle. I liked that color on him because it matched his jet black hair. What! I liked? Wait a minute, what’s going on here? Shouldn’t I have been paying attention to the giant sword thing he had in his hand? The blade was black and dangerously sharp from what I could see. He was dragging it behind him and the steel was scraping the concrete he was walking on. Slowly, he made his way to the make-out couple and stopped in front of them.
The guy detached himself from the hickey attack he was giving and looked up at Dean. And he looked scared. He dropped the girl on the floor. The motionless girl. What the heck was going on? I wanted to get a closer look, so I started adjusting the settings. But I was actually making it worse. Everything was blurry! Crap! Not again! Crap! Markus stood up.
“Are you watching this?” he desperately asked, still keeping his voice low enough for only me to hear.
“I can’t adjust this stupid thing!” I quietly cried out. I banged on it as if that would even work.
“My God!” He whimpered out.
I tried squinting to get a better look at what was going on but it was impossible for me to see. The distance between us was too great and with my bad eyesight, I would never be able to make anything out anyway. I calmly tried adjusting the binoculars again. It was always better to calmly do things than to frantically do it. Like if I was hurriedly writing something, I did it way too sloppy. I turned the zoom nozzle slowly to the right, then slightly to the left. There. Now it was focused. I quickly looked through them again and found that the make-out couple was no longer there. Not even the girl that was lying on the floor was there. Dean was the only one in sight, standing in front of what seemed to be a pile of clothes and staring at the ground in front of him. He swung the sword thing around. It looked pretty heavy to me, but he was able to handle it like it was made out of light plastic. Still holding onto the handle, he threw it over his shoulder and slid it into a strap on his back. 
“Where did the couple go?” I asked Markus. Since I got so used to adjusting the zoom, I zoomed in a little more on Dean. I couldn’t help but stare at his ripped triceps. They were flexing up and down as he dusted his pants.
“Markus?” I asked while still looking through the binoculars. It was more like gawking than it was looking, to be honest. “Markus?” I turned to him. He was sitting down with his hands at his sides holding the surface for balance. He was breathing quickly… much too quickly. His eyes were wide and his face was drenched in fear. I dropped the binoculars against my chest and crawled over to him. I put my hand on his shoulder and slightly shook him. There was no response. My heart started pounding. What had he seen? I was starting to get scared and I didn’t know what to do. I shook him harder. And harder still. He slowly turned to me. 
“Did you see?” he asked shakily. His lips trembled. And his eyes were blank. Even though he was looking right at me, his eyes weren’t seeing me at all.
“No. What happened? Are you okay?” I hated the suspense. Why couldn’t he just blurt things out when they happened? 
“They disappeared. Both of them…” he whispered, “…poof.” His voice broke.
“Are you sure?” I turned back to where it happened. I squinted to see if Dean was still there, but I couldn’t see any figure down there. He was gone. Removing my hand from his shoulder, I grabbed the binoculars and searched for the couple. People just didn’t disappear like that. They just didn’t. 
“You won’t find them. They’re gone.” he assured me. 
He had to be crazy. I couldn’t believe it. I most definitely couldn’t believe him. No one would. A person disappearing is simply impossible. He probably got distracted and they went inside. That had to be it. They high-tailed it when they saw someone with a freakin’ sword, threw their clothes at him as a distraction, and ran to the nearest door. I wouldn’t stick around either.
“Why did Dean have that sword? People didn’t carry those things around. I knew Austin, Texas had crazy people, but come on, a sword?” I drawled. 
“We have to get out of here.” he prompted.
“No. You always do this! Tell me what you saw!” I demanded.
“You don’t want to know!” he raised his voice. “You can’t handle it. I know you, Mindy.” he lashed out in a whisper.
“And what if I did see what happened. What were you going to do? Block my view? This is bull!” I shouted at him. Taking a deep breath, I calmly said to him, “we’re in this together. Please. You can trust me.” I placed my hand on his shoulder in an attempt to ease him.
After a long moment of silence, Markus finally spoke. “He fought the guy and ended it by slicing his head off with the sword. Then both the body and head disappeared.” He paused and took a deep breath. “Dean stood there, staring at the girl on the ground. He was majorly focused on her. She got up. She actually got up as if nothing had happened to her. The girl slammed into Dean, clawing at him. I think… I think she was trying to bite him. He threw her against the brick wall and sliced her head off too.” Markus put his head down. “Then she disappeared.” he finished.
This was insane! Seriously insane! I didn’t know what to believe. In one hand, I had my best friend, who had never come even close to lying to me, tell me this crazy, unbelievable story. And on the other hand, I had the truth of reality-people didn’t disappear. Markus had always been superstitious and suspicious of certain behaviors. He would always try to analyze every given situation. Like if there was a car wreck we passed by, he would study every single thing and tell me what he thought had happened sparing no detail. Everyone probably guessed that stuff, but he always was determined to thoroughly think those types of situations out. But I thought he was going overboard here. His obsession was getting to him and making him go crazy. 
“What about the blood?” I pointed in the direction of the ‘murder scene.’ “There’s no blood down there,” I added, hoping that he would start to realize how crazy this all was.
He sighed and pressed his lips together. “It also disappeared.” he said half out loud, like he himself didn’t believe any of it.
Markus started packing his bag. With his arm stretched out towards me, he nonverbally asked for the pair of binoculars hanging off of my neck. I slowly took it off and handed it to him. There were a couple of nacho bags I had emptied laying next to me. I picked them up and stuffed them in my pocket. Markus stood up and headed towards the ladder while I rose to my feet and studied him. I took a step to follow and felt my foot land on something hard and small. It was the mace Markus had given me earlier. I picked it up and blankly stared at it in my hand. Markus needed me. I didn’t know how I would help him but I’d be damned if I was going to let him go through this on his own. I clenched the mace and slipped it into my front pocket.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
The ride home was quiet. There had never been an awkward moment around Markus, but there was a first for everything. We pulled up to my house and he sat there, quiet still. 
“See you Monday?” I asked, breaking the silence. 
“I’ll be there,” he said faintly.
I jiggled the handle, but couldn’t open the door. I was making enough noise with it to be able to get his attention, but he didn’t even flinch. I didn’t want to bother Markus, but I turned to him anyway. 
Not a single reaction. 
His normal jumping out of the car and rushing to my door routine wasn’t happening. This was just too strange. At least the window was big enough for me to fit through. I looked over at Markus, still staring straight ahead, pensive. The window was already opened, so I climbed through it and walked up to the house without looking back. He needed some time alone. It was the way he functioned. Every time he was going through something, I had to back off a little, then, before I knew it, he would be at my door wanting to talk.
I opened the door and walked into the pitch black living room. The only light I saw was the one coming from my mother’s bedroom. I quickly flipped open my cell phone to look at the time. Only ten minutes late. What a relief! I walked up to her room to check myself in and saw she had the door open so I was able to see she was lying on her bed reading a romance novel. As a professional writer, she loved reading fictional books because she said it always took her out of reality. 
She could have had any guy she wanted back in her day. But instead, she chose my dad. I would have given up anything, even my very existence, for her to have chosen a different guy. Anyone but him. As a child, I remembered the day she found out he was gone. He didn’t even take his things-he just left her. For years she suffered, thinking maybe he was taken or kidnapped. Until one night, when she went out with her sisters, she saw him again. He acted like he didn’t even know her. And then she went back to being heartbroken. 
“Knock, knock.” I said while poking my head through the opening.
“Well hey there! How was your night?” my mom asked. She placed a bookmark on the page she was on and closed it on her lap.
“It was all right.” I wanted to tell her everything. But I couldn’t do that. She would worry too much and wouldn’t let me out of the house for my own safety. “Nothing interesting happened,” I regrettably lied.
“How’s Markus doing? He usually comes in when he drops you off…” she commented.
“Oh. He had the same curfew as me tonight so he had to hurry home.” I explained. 
“Are you going to go with me tomorrow?” she asked.
“Where?” I asked. Inviting myself in, I plopped on her bed.
“To the pound. I want a dog.” she said. “First, I want to go to your aunt’s house and then to the pet store to get some supplies.”
“Okay.” I said. “What time?”
“Early afternoon.” she said. My mom placed the book on her night stand and took off her reading glasses.
“Do you think we’ll be back in time for my run?” I asked.
“I think so. We can try.” She insisted.
“Ok. Good night, mom.” I walked back to the door and closed it behind me.
“Good night!” she called out before I could completely shut it. 
As I turned around to head to my room, the light from my mom’s room went out. The only light I had to guide me to my room was the night light in the hallway. When I got there, I turned on the light switch and kicked off my shoes. Just looking at my bed was making me sleepy so I hastily grabbed my pajamas from the drawer and slipped them on. I was too tired to shower, so I just washed my face and brushed my teeth. I leaped into my sheets, bringing them up so high that only my face was exposed. As soon as I closed my eyes, I was out.
“Mindy! Wake up! Your alarm is going off.” My mom opened the door and turned off the buzzing alarm beside it. “I still don’t understand why you have it by the door instead of by your bed,” she muttered.
“Cause if it’s by my bed I’ll just hit the snooze button and go back to sleep…” I croaked.
“But I’m always the one turning it off for you,” she complained.
“You hear it before I do.” I mumbled while shoving my face in the pillow.
“Well get ready cause we’re leaving as soon as you’re done.” she announced.
“Blaaahhhh.” I wailed out. I wasn’t ready to get up. I wanted to sleep in some more. But my body started moving off the bed, eyes still closed. I zombied my way to the hall bathroom and shut the door behind me. The warm water falling on me woke me up a little. Just a little. 
My mom knocked on the door.
“You want some coffee?” she yelled out.
“YES!” Excitement filled my voice. That’s precisely what I needed.
After my shower, I put my wet hair up in a ponytail and did my makeup. I wrapped the towel around myself and went to my room to dress. We would probably make it home just in time for me to go running before it got dark. I threw on some workout clothes so I wouldn’t have to come home and change.

We brought home a boxer. A great looking one. It had to be around ninety pounds of pure muscle. I’ve seen dogs like him on TV. He looked like one of the studs that pranced around on the dog shows. He had a dark mask and the rest of his body was fawn. The only white on him was his huge chest and front paws. We fell in love with him as soon as we saw him through the cage they kept him in. 
The sun was sinking into the ground in front of us as we pulled up to the house. We got home just in time. I jumped out of the car and opened the door for the dog, grabbing the leash before he took off. I wasn’t sure if he was trained to stay close off of a leash or not so I tied him to the tree in front of the house and ran inside to grab my mp3 player, time passed by faster when I had it playing during my jog. 
Upon entering my room, I heard a soft beeping sound. I thought maybe I had received a text message or something. I wasn’t sure where I had left my phone so I stayed quiet and followed the beeping. It was on the floor in front of my night stand, though that’s not where I had left it. The vibrating must have moved it off the edge. I picked it up to check the message and found it was a voicemail alert. I had several missed calls from Markus. I called my voicemail to see what he wanted. 
“Mindy. I need you to call me as soon as possible. Hurry and call me when you get this. Bye.” His voice sounded shaky. What was also strange to me was that he actually said bye. He never said bye, especially to a voicemail.
I hung up and went to his name under contacts and pressed the send button. To prepare myself for whatever he was going to tell me, I sat down on my bed and took in a deep breath as the phone rang.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
“Hello? Hey…what’s up?” Markus said.
   “Hey you, what’s-” 
   “Oh I can’t come to the phone right now so leave a message,” Markus’ voice interrupted me. I couldn’t believe I fell for another one of his voicemail pranks. He made it seem like he was actually on the phone.
*Beep*
“Hey, Markus. I got your voicemail. I’m going to go for a run right now so call me later cause I’m not going to have my phone on me.” I flipped my phone shut and threw it on the bed. Looking out the window, I saw that the sun was already going down. I hurriedly ran downstairs and through the front door. The dog was still in the front yard sitting where I left him, his tail wagging as he saw me coming from the house. The dog stood on all fours and shook his whole body. I leaned down to pet him when he jumped up and put one paw on each one of my shoulders. It was as if he was hugging me and I took notice that his head was much bigger than mine! He could tear my whole face off with his jaw if he wanted to. But all the gentle giant did was give me a big lick. Ewww! 
I untied him and we headed for the trail I usually ran. It was in the forest, almost a mile away from the neighborhood. I didn’t like running when there were people around as it was very awkward for me. 
I made it to the beginning of my trail. And I called it my trail because I mapped it out myself. Plus, I thought I was the only one that has run it. 
As I stretched out my legs I realized they were still a little sore from ‘the incident,’ though not enough to interrupt my run. I started off slow so I could see how the dog would do. He stayed in front of me, running at my pace. I then ran a little faster-so did he. In fact, he started running a little too fast. I yanked on his leash a little to get his attention but I think he thought it meant to go faster because he started charging. I couldn’t keep up! I was practically flying because I started leaping to keep up with him. But it was impossible. The dog was like a machine and nothing interrupted him. He was focused, on a mission, and that mission was to run so fast that it was humanly impossible to keep up. But I was too scared to try to slow down. If I even tried, I was sure to fall forward and be dragged by him. 
Faster he went. I finally lost my step and fell forward, dragged like a kite by this fast beast. My bare arms were skidding against the grass and twigs. 
I had to let go. When I did, my body stopped completely. I looked up and scanned the area ahead of me. Unsurprisingly, the dog was totally out of sight. I laid there for a second and tried to catch my breath before rolling over onto my back to give my chest some room to expand. Examining the scratches on my arms, I found that it wasn’t as bad as it felt. There were a few bloody scrapes that ran down from my wrist to my elbows, but since I was dragged on grassy grounds instead of dirt and rock, I could have had much worse. Slowly, I picked myself up and brushed the twigs and grass off of my body and noted that I would have permanent green stains from the grass on the front of my clothes. 
Stupid dog. I couldn’t believe he didn’t stop. 
I searched around to see if I could find him but the towering trees that surrounded me were blocking any chance of seeing the dog. 
Then I heard steps. 
Like those of a galloping animal. 
The dog popped out from behind a tree with a thick log in his mouth. It could be used for firewood it was so big. He ran happily towards me and threw the log up in the air with ease. It hit hard on the ground and he picked it up again like it was a twig. He trotted towards me and stopped a little ahead of me, a low growl coming from his chest. He lowered his head and dropped the log and his growl got louder as he bared his teeth. I was afraid to look behind me–where I knew he was looking. The dog started snarling then and I began to shake. Flashes of cold fear started coursing through my body. 
I slowly turned my head. 
It could be anything. A large animal maybe. I knew there were deer in the forest, even bears. I wasn’t prepared for a bear. 
I slowly reached into my pocket and grabbed onto the mace. Placing my finger on the nozzle, I prepared the only protection I had and I was ready to use it. 
I turned my head completely around. And still I saw nothing. Just a tree. The dog roared, his saliva started to foam around his lips. His eyes were fixated on the tree. 
“He-hello?” I whimpered out.
Silence. No one answered. The dog stayed where he was, not taking a step closer. 
“I don’t think your dog likes me,” said a smooth voice. 
“Who are you?” I asked. I was hoping it was someone I knew.
“Come find out...” he dared.
“Sure. I’ll just skip on over there!” My sarcasm was thick. He didn’t sound familiar. So it certainly wasn’t Ayden. How I would have enjoyed my dog attacking him.
“I’d love to see that.” he said flirtingly. 
“The only thing you’ll get a chance to see is my fist in your face!” I angrily called out. What a perv!
“Let’s play a game.” he suggested.
“What? I don’t even know you? Why won’t you show yourself?” I spat out.
“You’re wrong, Mindy.” He sang. “Are you ready for my game?” the voice uttered.
“I don’t want to play a game.” I took a step forward. “How do you know my name?” I questioned.
“Well if you don’t play the game you’ll never know who I am…” the voice replied calmly.
I couldn’t figure out who it belonged to, but I had heard it before. I looked back at the dog. He was pacing back and forth, growling and keeping his distance. It was getting so dark out. I should have been on my way back home by now. My vision was poor at night. And even though I knew everyone’s had to be worse at night, it was downright blurry for me. 
The mystery person was in between me and my way back. At least I could make out that it was a young voice. Most likely someone from school. 
“Tick tock, tick tock.” he sang out. “It’s getting dark out…” 
His voice. Something about his voice was so soothing, so…alluring. I wanted to follow the sound of it just to be closer to it. Then I remembered. The only time I had ever felt drawn to a voice was with-
“Shane?” I asked. “Is that you?”
There was silence.
“It is you, isn’t it?” I asked.
I was no longer afraid. I was certain it was him. No one else I knew had a voice like that and he stayed quiet after I called out his name. Content that I knew who it was, I courageously walked over to the tree. I peeked over and sure enough, it was Shane. He was leaning his back against the tree with his thumbs hanging off his front pockets. He looked like a model, advertising designer jeans. And shirts. And shoes. Heck, he was the whole magazine in one page. He defined everything that could ever be perfect. 
Slowly, he turned his head towards me. His eye color looked a little red. Strands of silver hair were nicely arranged over his face. It looked like elegant strips of moonlight cascading down his beautifully gentle face. The tree he was leaning on wasn’t good enough to be touched by him. 
He tilted his head a little staring right at me.
“Tsk tsk…now we can’t play the game.” he said with mock sadness through his perfect lips. 
“We could play another!” I blurted out. I just wanted to do whatever he wanted. 
“I don’t think you’ll want to play the other game.” he warned. Even his warning sounded inviting. I felt as if I didn’t care what it was that he had in mind.
“Sure I will. What is it?” I asked.
“It’s a game that is only played in the dark.” He looked down at my arms. I sucked my stomach in and tried to look my best as he examined me. “You’re bleeding.” he mentioned.
“Yeah. My dog forgot I was at the other end of the leash.” I said. I knew I looked terrible. There was nothing attractive about a girl with grass stains and blood on her arms. I had to get home and wash up already! But I couldn’t pry myself away from Shane.
“You’re bleeding…” he whispered out. His eyes were still on my arms, locked on them as if they were a target.
“You mentioned that already,” I said. The dog was still growling. Actually, he never stopped. “I have to go. I don’t want my dog to bite you or anything.” I warned.
“He won’t come near me.” Shane assured me. “Besides…there are worse things that bite.” He stood up, away from the tree, and inched towards me. The dog got louder as Shane got closer. He stopped in front of me. Practically up against me. I was at ease and my body felt relaxed, almost as if I was floating. Shane gently reached out and grabbed my hand. Slowly, he raised it up to his nose and smelled my arm, gliding his hand over all of the cuts. It made my arm feel cool and the coolness calmed the stinging sensation. Then, Shane released my hand in a quick motion.
“I should go now.” He stepped back and tilted his head. “Too bad, cuz I had special plans for you.” he quickly said and darted away. 
“What?” 
I snapped out of…something. Was it a trance? I felt like I had woken up from a dream. A really nice dream. As Shane disappeared, the dog got closer to me and barked in the direction Shane had gone.
“You shouldn’t be out here,” said a demanding voice. Dean’s voice.
“You can actually talk?” I asked rudely. Somewhat dazed, I whirled around to face him. The dog had calmed down and he wagged his tail at Dean. “What do you care if I’m out here anyway?” I asked.
“It isn’t safe.” Dean sharply said. He stood there. Still, like a statue. His darkness towered over me but there was still enough light out for me to make him out. The moonlight shone on his handsome face and outlined the muscles of his body. A tingling sensation tip-toed all over my skin. Fight it! 
“I have mace!” I blurted out. Regret filled me. What a stupid thing to say! Out of all the airhead moments I’d had, this had to be one of the worst. 
“You should go home, Mindy.” he suggested. He didn’t laugh at me. In fact, he showed no emotion.
“What is your problem?” I demanded. I felt like shoving him so I could get an immediate answer-one that I‘d deserved for years.
“You should go home before that weirdo comes back,” he suggested.
Flashes of the last day we were friends sparked through my mind. He said the same thing to me when we saw his parents’ killer walk by us that evening. 
Sadness waved through me. 
“Why did you stop talking to me?” I demanded, trying to swallow the lump forming in my throat. “Why did you shut me out?”
There was silence. He simply stared at me. Pain overtook his eyes. Just his eyes.
“I miss them, too.” I said softly. His parents were the nicest people I knew. They always treated me with love. But it might have been the wrong thing to say because his eyes started narrowing into slits. The rage filling inside them was ready to spew out. 
He looked up at the sky and gulped. Even his neck looked powerful as it forced the lump to stay down. Dean dropped his head back down and looked me in the eyes. His features were softer as he stared deep into my eyes, trying to read my soul. I felt for him. I wanted to reach up and hug him. To tell him I would always be there for him. I wasn’t staring at the emotionless Dean I had been attending the same school with-I was staring at the Dean I knew years ago. His green eyes softened little by little and the stars shined off of them. It was almost as if I was looking at the sky in his eyes. Stars? It was dark out. Too dark. I looked down at my dog sitting beside me.
“You’re right. I should get going...” I told him when he didn’t speak. He arched his eye brows up with sadness. His eyes widened and pleaded with me.
“Don’t.” He looked down and away from me. “Please.” He said softly. There was pain in his voice. Mixed emotions tumbled out of his mouth with every spoken word and it was difficult for me to figure out if he was angry or if it was something else entirely.
“What? I thought you said I should go.” I walked a few steps to where he was looking so that his gaze met mine. The worry in his eyes begged me to stay. “What’s going on Dean? What’s wrong?” I sincerely asked him.
He still didn’t answer. He just stared into my eyes as if it was the only thing in the forest to look at. It wasn’t the first time he looked at me that way, but it was usually from a greater distance like at school or the lounge. I wanted to ask him what that was about.
“Dean. Why do you stare at me? And I’m not talking about just tonight. It’s all the time.” I asked. 
Dean’s eyes gazed into mine. I felt like I was about to collapse from his penetrating gaze it was so deep. It made me feel somewhat connected to him. His lips twitched a little, holding back, as if he wanted to tell me something but was hesitating.
“Dean? Why? Why do you look at me?” I gently asked. My face softened, inviting him to feel comfortable.
“Like what?” he broke out. It sounded like he was out of breath.
“You know.” I replied. 
“You’re mistaken.” he gulped.
“Why do you do it?” I asked again. I felt I knew what the answer was. My heart was pounding insanely in my chest I had never felt so nervous and eager for an answer.
“Every time I look at you...” He paused and took in a deep breath. Butterflies fluttered all around my insides. My breathing got deeper and I had to focus on controlling it. 
“What?” I desperately asked.
“Every time…there’s nothing. It’s just a glance.” Pain and worry filled his eyes. He looked like he was burning himself and was trying not to react to it. 
Disappointment settled inside me. And I wasn’t sure if it was because I didn’t hear what I wanted to. Which was what exactly? That he was into me? Or if it was because I didn’t believe him; that he was lying and trying to hurt me.
“MINDY!” Markus called out, surprising me. “Is that you?” His flashlight shone on me, then to Dean, who was back to looking irritated.
“Markus? What are you doing here?” I asked.
Without saying anything, Dean walked away, leaving me alone with Markus, the dog, and my thoughts.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
“Dude! I’ve been trying to get a hold of you all day.” Markus said while trying to catch his breath. He bent slightly and placed his hands on his thighs.
“What’s going on?” I regrettably asked. I was afraid he was going to bring up the disappearing people that he thought Dean was responsible for. 
“You shouldn’t be out in the dark.” he said. He straightened himself and breathed normally again.
“Why does everyone keep saying that?” I huffed out then smiled at him. “Let’s go home. I’ve had a crazy night.” I reached down and grabbed the dog’s leash and headed back towards my house. Markus rushed to my side.
“Not crazier than mine,” he competitively said.
“Uh oh. What did you do?” I asked, narrowing my eyes at him.
“You know the disappearing people?” he mentioned.
“What about them?” I slowly let out, preparing myself for something out of this world to come out of his mouth.
“Well. They weren’t really… people.” He blurted with an animated smile. Whatever he was trying to tell me was sure juicing him up.
I stopped walking and cocked my head to the side. “What are you talking about?” I asked.
“Vampires…” he slowly whispered with a charge of excitement.
I threw out a big huff and proceeded to walk again. “Whatever, Markus” I spat behind me.
He caught up to me and grabbed my shoulders to steal my attention. “No. No. It’s true! I can prove it. Wait, no I can’t. But I might be-” he stuttered.
“What are you rambling about? There are no vampires. It’s just a fictional monster created by someone who had nothing better to do.” I calmly said.
“Do you believe that about dinosaurs? That they too are just fictional?” Markus asked.
“No. There’s proof of their existence. There isn’t any for vampires.” I responded.
“That’s because they disappear when they die. And when they’re alive, they look just like the rest of us!” Markus replied.
“And how exactly did you come up with this conclusion?” I snickered in disbelief. Were we really having this conversation? I never thought I would have to convince Markus that vampires didn’t exist. He had yet to prove to me that there was a ghost that messed with him when he did his chores.
“I saw one attacking a human.” He pointed at his eyes with his long index finger.
“A human? You mean you saw a person attacking another person.” I corrected him.
“No. A living, breathing vampire.” he stated.
“I thought they weren’t alive and they didn’t breath.” I tested him.
“You know what I mean!” he spat out, annoyed.
“Ok. Why don’t you explain to me what exactly you saw?” I suggested.
“I was driving around, right?” He stretched his arms out in front of him as if he were gripping onto a steering wheel. “So I decided to check out the crime scene. And there they were. This chick was biting some guy’s neck and blood was everywhere. And she was way stronger than him…” he paused dramatically and continued on, “…are you ready for this?” 
I nodded my head.
“Out comes Dean and kicks her off of him sending her flying into the brick wall! The guy didn’t even know what was going on. He just fumbled all over the place crying about his neck. Dean and the girl…I mean vampire, were throwing swings at each other. She was so fast. But then he took out a sword from a strap on his back and sliced her head clean off! Then poof… she and the head disappeared!” he declared.
“Whoa whoa whoa…Dean was there? My Dean?” I asked.
“Your Dean? What are you talking about?” he asked with confusion on his face.
“I mean…the Dean I know. Knew. That one?” I stuttered, trying not to blow my cover.
“Yeah. That one.” His face turned serious.
“Did he see you there?” I asked.
“I don’t think so. I was parked a good distance. And I quietly drove off when it was over.” Markus admitted. “What were you two talking about anyway? I thought he was a mute.” he questioned.
“No. He just chooses not to talk to people.” I corrected him.
“So?” he invited, trying to get me to spill the beans.
“Oh. We were talking about...” I paused. I wasn’t sure what to tell him at this point. Was it a good idea to tell him that Dean wanted to say something to me but didn’t, and I was hoping he would, but he decided not to? He was confused enough as it was by things. “He was telling me the same thing as you. That I shouldn’t be out late.” I shrugged my shoulders. “Hold on…how far were you parked? Isn’t your car a clunker? He should have heard you.” I stated.
“Well, I was parked too far for him to hear.” he said defensively.
“In a quiet alley... Late at night…” I paused for a moment, “…you would have to park almost a football field away for him not to hear you.” I finished with a smirk.
“What are you trying to say?” Markus asked.
“Well, you said that you parked far enough for him not to hear your noisy car. Wouldn’t that make it too far for you to clearly see what happened too? Did you have your binoculars?” I asked hesitantly.
“No, I didn’t have them. I know what I saw, Mindy.” he said firmly.
“This all can’t be real, Markus. I’d have to see it for myself: the fangs, the poofing you keep talking about.” I said.
I just couldn’t bring myself to believe all that Markus had told me. Vampires couldn’t exist. They weren’t real. But he would never lie to me. And this was too much for me right now anyway. I was already confused enough about Dean and my feelings for him. But I wasn’t sure why yet. Did I like Dean? Did I like the ripped muscles? The boyish face? The husky voice? Did I mention the muscles? Everything shouted yes to me. But most of all, I liked who he was on the inside. Tonight, he showed me a bit of what he truly was. The boy I knew from my past– the one that never really went away.
“We have to follow him,” Markus stated.
“We can’t do that!” I quickly replied.
“Maybe you can’t...” He drummed his fingers to his chin and looked up to an invincible title above him. “…but private M can.”
“Private M? It must have taken you forever to think that up.” I teased.
“What would you have used?” he retorted.
“Private DORK!” I threw back my head and laughed.
“You’ll see! I’ll get to the bottom of all of this.” He pointed his finger at me. “I’m telling you, Mindy.” He tried sounding serious, but it wasn’t taking. I was too hyped up on his ridiculous theory.
We reached my front door after only a short time. The motion sensor came on and the bugs started bumping into our heads trying to get to the light. The dog noticed something at a distance. At first he gave out a deep growl, but after staring for a while, he ceased and instead wagged his tail and barked a friendly bark. I squinted, trying to focus on what he was seeing. 
“It’s probably a deer.” Markus said.
“Why would a dog wag his tail for a deer?” I pondered aloud.
“Hey. What’s his name anyway?” He asked while tilting his head towards the dog.
“I haven’t thought of it yet. Ummm…I don’t know. What do you think?” I asked.
“Zeke.” he insisted.
“That’s a cool name. Okay. I’ll name him Zeke.” I said in quick agreement. Hey, I didn’t have a list of names or anything. Why not call him that?
“I guess I’ll see you at school tomorrow.” he said.
“Oh yeah. School. Back to reality.” I muttered.
Markus walked to his car looking in the same direction the dog was. He drove off slowly then finally out of sight. When I stepped inside, I took the harness off of Zeke and he ran around, excited to be in his new home. After I let him sniff every object in sight, I took him upstairs to my room. After a quick shower, I plopped down on the bed and fell right to sleep.
Waking up to the smell of musty dog breath was like a vicious hit to the face. Yuck! I opened my eyes to find Zeke lying on the bed next to me. All that ran through my mind was his dirty paws rubbing into my sheets, the many hairs he was leaving wherever he touched, and worst of all, the white stains of dried drool on my maroon pillows!
“Zeke!” I shouted. “Get down!” Zeke immediately jumped off the bed. I swear he was laughing. I narrowed my eyes at him as a warning. 
Then the alarm sounded. I climbed off the bed and stumbled to the alarm clock to shut it off. Awake on time for once! Now what to do... I didn’t want to have to rush getting ready, so instead of lollygagging, I made sure to prepare myself for school. After I finished getting ready, I watered the lavenders that sat beautifully beside my bed. I had some French toast with my mom and Markus arrived right when I was finished and ready. 
Once again, Dean was on my mind. He wasn’t just lurking around in there. He was starting to take over completely. What was he holding back on and why? I knew there was more to the way he looked at me than he tried to make it seem.
Markus and I didn’t talk on the way to school. He was singing his heart out to the metal songs he played on his car system. He knew about so many bands and songs it was unreal. He always had to upgrade his mp3 players for more storage. I knew of maybe fifty songs. Tops. But he was always talking about having thousands.
When we pulled up to the parking lot, we saw a group of girls surrounding someone. They were next to a lifted truck with a roller cage, which was used for off-roading and dangerous stunts. 
Ayden’s truck. 
My stomach got a little queasy but that shortly ended when it was followed quickly with anger and curiosity. I wanted to see the damage my mysterious hero left on him. 
Determined to find out, I strolled towards the group.
“What are you doing?!” Markus exclaimed.
I ignored his question and kept walking. I wasn’t sure what I was going to say to the pig, but I was damn well going to say something. I squeezed through the Barbie girls and came face to face with Ayden. 
“Watch out, Mindy.” Ashley shrieked while tumbling back.
I ignored her. It was amazing. Both of his eyes were black and purple. He had stitches on one eyebrow and scrapes on his cheek. His wrist was wrapped up and he had a small cast on his pinky. His expression was priceless! I could read it all over his face-he was shocked to see me.
“What happened to you, Ayden? You look like you got beat up!” I laughed out, loudly. The guys gasped around us in disbelief, and others were snickering.
“I didn’t get beat up…” he raised his voice, “…I was jumped,” he assured me while squaring off his shoulders.
“I thought jumped meant being beat up by a number of guys at the same time. I’m pretty sure it was just one guy, Ayden.” I teased with a hint of warning.
“Were you there?” He asked in a demanding tone.
“I wouldn’t ask me that question if I were you.” I flat out warned. If he pushed me, I would tell all in a heartbeat.
“What do you mean? Look at me. I was definitely jumped. I was taken out to the forest and got mugged.” Ayden said.
“You’re kidding me. Are you serious?” Frustration filled my voice and I bunched my fists at my sides.
“I don’t remember much. I was drunk.” he said as he shrugged his shoulders, and with that motion, I could tell he was shrugging me off too. 
As I examined him, I realized that he wasn’t going to give up his act. He was lying beautifully and everyone believed him. I knew he wasn’t drunk enough not to remember, that it was all a cover up. It had to be. But it would be pointless to say anything else to Ayden. 
There went my chance of finding out who saved me. 
I felt Markus pulling my arm behind me. He knew he had to get me out of there.
“What the hell are you doing, Markus?” Ayden yelled out. “She’s not yours to drag away.” He stepped forward and broadened his shoulders. 
At that moment, Ayden averted his gaze from Markus and stared down someone passing behind us. “You got a problem?” Ayden lashed out at Dean. Dean ignored him and passed us. “Yeah, that’s right. Keep walking, faggot!” Ayden yelled.
Dean stopped mid-step and turned to Ayden. But he didn’t approach our group. Ayden looked confident with all his friends around him. His best friends, James and Ricky, stood on each side of him with their arms crossing their chests-they were ready for a fight. Irritation was noticeable in Dean’s eyes and that was when he noticed me standing there. He then turned away and began walking again. I watched him walk away, unsure why my eyes were glued to him. I wasn’t just looking at him, I was watching the way he walked and I liked it, the way his shoulders moved in tandem with his legs, like a well-oiled machine. 
A soda can went flying at him, the dark liquid splashing against his back and soaked his shirt on contact. A disturbing chuckle came from Ayden and his squad. This time, Dean dropped his books to the ground and whirled around with rage in his eyes. He stalked towards us and everyone but Ayden, James, and Rickey got the heck out of the way. Dean had his fury focused solely on Ayden, but that didn’t matter to James and Ricky. They were always burning for a fight. James jumped in front of Ayden with his fists ready in front of him. Before James could make a move, Dean already had his fist smashing into his face. Blood trailed in a rush out of his nose as he stumbled out of the way. Ricky came around next and punched Dean in his side-it didn’t look like it hurt him at all. Dean turned towards him and swung at Ricky’s ribs, easily knocking the air right out of him. Ricky dropped to the ground gasping for breath and gripping his ribs.
Ayden was struck with terror. He backed up hurriedly, but not enough to avoid Dean. Dean grabbed Ayden by the neck and slammed him into his truck’s side door. Ayden’s head slammed against the window with a loud thud. 
“What did you call me?” asked Dean with a grim tone.
Ayden didn’t answer. Dean pulled Ayden towards him a little then slammed him into the window again, this time cracking the glass.
“No…Nothing,” Ayden managed to stutter out. “I didn’t.” He tried gulping for air.
Dean released him and Ayden’s body dropped to the ground. He peeled off his soaked button-up shirt and threw it in Ayden’s face. What was left on Dean’s upper body was a tight, black wife-beater. All the girls were gawking at him, including myself. Dean picked up his books from the ground and strode off.
Ricky finally got up and helped Ayden get to his feet. James was sitting on the floor holding his nose. He raised his hand up so Ayden could help him get up, but got a soaked shirt thrown at his face instead.
Markus began to lead me away from there when Ayden called his attention. 
“I’m not done with you, Markus.” Ayden stepped up to Markus.
“She’s done with you. Don’t go near her again.” Markus warned. I had never seen him so furious. All I could do was look back and forth between them; it was so much to take in. He stared down Ayden. Markus was as tall as him, but not built like Ayden. Markus wasn’t into sports or anything, so he didn’t care to build up as much muscle as the jocks did. 
Silence came over the group. Everyone stared at Ayden, expecting him to lash out. But he didn’t. Was he backing off? Did Markus just officially end our unofficial relationship? A silent agreement exchanged between Ayden and Markus. I couldn’t tell what the emotion was on Ayden’s face, but I knew that Markus was safe from him and his friends. We walked away from them as the bell rang.
“He remembers. If not everything…I know he remembers a little. Enough to know that he harmed you.” Markus said in a huff.
“Thanks. But you shouldn’t have done that with his friends around.” I said.
“I know. Good thing Dean beat them all up. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have gotten away with that.” he laughed.
     I felt anger, infuriation towards Ayden because of what he tried to do to me and the fact that he was lying about it.    “Ayden got his ass handed to him though!” Markus laughed.
“I wonder what that was all about.” I said before joining him for the laugh.
First hour was a breeze. I lied to Mr. Shapiro by telling him I couldn’t see the board from where I was sitting so he moved me farther away from Ayden... and sat me next to Shane. A total step up! It was hard to concentrate with him next to me, though, because I was way too tempted to gawk at him. Luckily, the teacher let us out early again so Tanya and I slowly walked down the hall as she was attempting to text someone as we strolled. She couldn’t walk and chew gum at the same time, let alone walk and text.
“Oh my gosh!” Tanya squealed. “We have to hurry!” She grabbed my arm and rushed in the opposite direction.
“What’s going on?” I asked. I kept up with the same speed as her. She still held onto me though.
“Martha just texted me. The weight lifting teacher has a few guys doing like a million pushups outside.” She giggled out loud. “Dean’s one of them.” As she said that, she tightened her grip on me in excitement. Clearly she had a crush on him.
“Why is he making them do that outside?” I asked.
“As punishment. I guess Dean and a couple of Ayden’s friends got into it during class. The coach is pissed!” she said in excitement.
We pushed open the double doors and sure enough, there were a group of students surrounding the guys and the coach. More students were coming out of the building to witness the coach’s attempt to humiliate the guys. 
The sun was blazing today. We approached the group and squirmed to the front, there were three guys on the floor slowly doing pushups. Two of them were Ayden’s best friends; James had on his gym shorts and muscle shirt and Ricky had no shirt on at all. Neither did Dean. And they were all drenched in sweat. It was as if the coach sprayed them down with a hose. I had to say that Dean was the most impressive out of the three. I had never seen him with his shirt off before, I always looked harder than I’d like to admit at the outlines of his muscles through his shirt. I was in awe at the sight of his near-perfect back. The powerful hills were moving in all directions-back and forth, up and down. Every time he would go down, his muscles would pop out even more. His triceps were so defined it put the guys next to him to shame. They’re arms looked scrawny and weak in comparison to Dean’s. 
“I didn’t know Dean had a tat.” mentioned Tanya.
“Where?” I asked. I tried bobbing my head around the person in front of me, but I couldn’t get a good enough look at it.
“Right there. On his arm.” She pointed out.
“I can’t see,” I whined.
“Here. Switch me places. But I want it back when you’re done!” Tanya demanded.
And he did. Time slowed down for me to a halt when I saw what it was. There were two of them, actually. Right next to each other. I couldn’t make out what any of them were, but they looked tribal. And they took up most of his forearm. The inside of them reminded me of those little mazes you have to figure out in children’s books. Only these were much more complex and awesome looking. 
My jaw dropped. 
The one who saved me…he also had two tattoos on the same forearm.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
“Impossible…” I mouthed out, thinking Tanya wouldn’t hear me. 
“What is?” Tanya asked.
I heard her at a distance. Everyone was at a distance it seemed. The only person that existed at the moment was Dean. My heart started pounding uncontrollably. It couldn’t be him. Could it? A coincidence maybe?  
A whistle broke my intense concentration.
“That’ll do, girls.” the coach shouted to the three sweaty guys.
Immediately, James and Ricky plopped to the floor in complete exhaustion. Dean, on the other hand, slowly stood up, controlling his breathing. He didn’t look as worn out as the other two, but he was tired. When he stood up, he faced my direction, but didn’t notice me just yet. He put his hands on his waist and took in deep breaths while looking up at the sky. With every inhale, his abs contracted-a spectacular washboard. The sweat slowly crept down his body and I found myself following a few of the droplets until they disappeared at his red gym shorts, turning the waistband blood red.
“Breathe, girl!” Tanya said in the distance.
I was having trouble peeling my eyes off of him, I was sure the other girls around us were just as in awe. Then, without warning, he dropped his head and jetted his eyes at me. 
That worked. 
I immediately looked the complete opposite direction of him, as if it wasn’t obvious I was ogling. 
“Hello? I’m over here, Mindy! What are you looking at anyways?” Tanya bugged at my side. How I wished she’d receive a text message right about now.
I felt a familiar heat flowing in my direction-Dean’s eyes were boring into me. Waves of shock washed through me and a frantic giggle was trying to burst out of my mouth.
“We better head back. The bell’s going to ring in a few.” Tanya said. “He is so hot!” she added with a shriek.
“Huh. Oh yeah. He’s alright.” I gulped out, wanting to shriek with her.
The show was over. All the students started for the building.
“Whatever! I saw how you were checking him out! You practically stripped him down with your eyes,” she laughed out.
I wasn’t sure if it was just me, or if she was actually being a little too loud. I eyed some students to see if they heard her, but there were no signs of it. No pointing at me. And no whispers with eyes my way. Nothing.
“Blah, blah.” I muttered with relief. “Rick and James probably tried to jump Dean again,” I thought out loud.
“What? What are you talking about again?” Tanya asked with dramatic confusion.
“Yeah. Ayden threw a soda can at Dean this morning. Then he beat up all three of them like it was nothing.” I said.
Tanya only stared at me. I could already hear the things rolling around in her head that would soon take a trip through her mouth. Why didn’t you tell me this before? I can’t believe you. Blah blah blah. 
Then she opened her mouth. “I can’t believe you didn’t tell me! We’ve been together for the past hour and you didn’t. You didn’t…” she huffed out. “I can’t believe you!”
“Sorry! I forgot.” I looked at her and hesitated when I said, “Oh, and Markus broke up with Ayden for me.”
“Well, that’s just great! You know how long I’ve been waiting for you to do that? I wanted to be the one to tell him to ‘F’ off. Thanks! Did anything else happen? Maybe over the weekend?” she asked.
I thought about that for a moment. I didn’t think I should tell her about the almost rape. Tanya was my friend, but she also had a big mouth and fast texting fingers. I didn’t want to tell her that Markus might have been losing it. Especially not about Dean liking me because she herself had a strong crush on him. Telling her about our confrontation or the fact that he saved me from being raped and that I just figured it out was also out of the question. Crap!
“Well?” She snapped.
“I uh-I got a dog.” I said with a slightly shaky voice. “Well, my mom did. I guess it’s mine too. I named him Zeke.”
“That’s not juicy, Mindy.” We continued walking. “Now, back to Dean.” she perked up.
“Yeah. He sure is-”
“HOT!” She interrupted me and dramatically sighed, she looked up at nothing. Probably imagining him.
It kind of bothered me how she kept talking about him. Strange. I never cared before. She’s had a crush on him for as long as I could remember. So I really should’ve be used to her blabbering.
The image of the tattoos lingered in my mind. I had to ask him. It had to be him, but how and when could I approach him? Students were always everywhere. But I was determined to find an opportunity. The first bell rang and all of the students began to pour out of their classes. The guys jogged by us in the direction of the gym. Most likely, they had to rush to take showers before the next class started. As they ran by, I felt Dean’s enchanting eyes piercing me from a corner glance. A chill ran through me raising every hair I was aware of. I tried to shake it off so that I could come back to reality but I was much too intoxicated by his look. It was just a simple look. Right? No. It wasn’t. There was something more behind it.
All I thought about for the rest of the day was his eyes. I would find myself constantly checking myself out in the mirror, making sure that everything was in its place. I felt stupid for trying so hard to look my best for a guy. But not just any guy. Dean of all people! My concentration during school today was so out of whack. The image of Dean this morning was engraved in my mind and there was no way of getting rid of it. 
Lunch came around. Thank God! Tanya wasn’t joining us today. Another crush she had wanted to sit down with her. So, of course, she gladly accepted. I couldn’t wait to hear all about it. 
We sat at our usual bench outside; it was nice and I couldn’t help but glance over at Dean’s lonesome bench. The only company he’s ever had was that of Shane’s. I couldn’t understand why Dean looked so pissed off whenever Shane was around though. Yet, he still had lunch with him as if they were in their own little club. I noticed Markus was also looking over at his bench. The only difference was that he was making it painfully obvious. 
“What are you looking at?” I asked.
“It’s strange…” Markus said, half aloud.
“What?” I asked.
“Well. See that huge shadow over Shane?” Markus pointed out.
“Yeah. What about it?” I shrugged.
“Where are the trees? Or anything else that would cast it over them? The sun is over there…” He pointed to his left and drew an invisible line in the air, bringing it down to where all the other shadows were cast. “…so that one should be facing the same direction as the others. Wait a minute-” He trailed the shadow with his eyes and pointed to a tree in the distance. “There! You see that? That’s where it’s coming from, but it’s facing an odd direction. It’s covering Shane and Dean.” he stated.
“You’re right. That’s so strange.” I agreed.
“What’s up with Shane anyway?” He continued, “Notice anything unusual about him?”
“Except for the fact that he is everything that defines perfection?” I blurted.
“Yeah. Except that.” Markus bluntly said.
“Then, no. Not really.” I shrugged.
“He’s pretty pale, isn’t he? It’s obvious that Dean hates him. That night I first saw Dean kill a vamp, I also saw Mr. Perfect with blood on his lip. Do you think that maybe… he’s a vamp?” Markus tested the question with doubt in his voice.
“That can’t be. Vampires can’t be out during the daylight. Right?” I asked.
“Traditional ones, yeah. But this is real life. Maybe they can.” Markus said.
“Why does Dean hang out with him?” I pondered out loud. “Oh. Remember the first day of school? When Dean got in Shane’s face?” I asked.
“Yeah, I heard about that.” he said.
“After everyone left, Dean punched the brick wall. He left a dent and crumbs fell off of his knuckles.” I informed.
“What?! And you’re barely telling me this? You know how important that information is to my case!” he exclaimed.
“Case? This isn’t your favorite TV show, Markus. We’re not in the show Innocent or Criminal.” I retorted.
“Innocent Until Proven Criminal, Mindy!” he corrected. Funny, when Markus got aggravated or upset you could hardly tell. He was the definition of monotone. Only his closest friends would be able to catch onto what was going on with him and this was one of those times. He took his ‘job’ very seriously.
“Okay, okay. Geeesh! Sorry. I forgot all about it!” I said. “Besides, that part of the wall could have already been dented in. Maybe it was cracked or something and it made it easier for Dean to punch it.” I said.
“I’ll have to take a look at it.” Markus said with authority.
The bell rang. We pushed to our feet and threw away the mess we made on our trays. As we passed Dean’s table, Shane threw me a perfectly crooked smile. Dean was staring at him with rage in his eyes, like he wanted to smash his face in. What was the deal with those two? We dumped our trays in the basket next to the entrance and walked through. 
“Show me where.” Markus said.
We walked a little ahead and I took him to the dented wall. I pointed at it with my eyes. As discretely as Markus could, he examined the dent.
“Wow. He has to be.” Markus looked around at the students walking by. “He has to be, you know.” he repeated. 
I knew? Was he talking about Dean being a vampire? I shrugged my shoulders. “You’re not suggesting that he’s a…” I whispered, “…vampire?”
“Super strength? Out killing at night? And he hangs out with the other suspect, Shane.” he listed. 
I remembered Shane’s tattoo and the two I just discovered on Dean. “They both have similar tattoos on their arms,” I blurted a little too loudly for Markus to allow. 
“We better talk later. There’s too many people around. Did anyone else see this?” he asked while still feeling the hole in the wall.
“I don’t think so.” I shook my head. “I’m going to head to class now. I don’t want to be tardy today. Do you want a plastic bag so you can bag the evidence?” I asked with a snicker.
Markus faintly smiled and nodded his head with his eyes still focused on the dent. I patted his shoulder and walked away. I made it to class on time with only one thing on my mind-when this class was over, I was going to sit next to Dean. I was ridiculously excited. My adrenaline was pumping with excitement and the more time went by, the slower fifth hour appeared to be. But finally, it was over. I didn’t tell Markus about the tattoo yet. Not until I was completely sure. In order to do that, I had to confront Dean. My heart accelerated at the thought. What if he wasn’t the guy and I was just making assumptions?
Entering sixth hour was nerve-wracking. I made sure to get there as early as possible, hoping to find Dean in there alone like I had the last time I was too early. That way, I could blurt out my question. 
As I approached the classroom door, I took in a deep breath. I then exhaled into the palm of my hand-my breath wasn’t fresh enough so I popped some gum into my mouth and strolled in as if everything was normal. But when I saw him at his desk, I forgot how to walk. My left foot barely hit the back of my right and I flopped to the ground like a fish out of water. I didn’t know what to do I was drowning in complete humiliation! Then a sweaty, slippery hand reached down and grabbed my hand. I instinctively pulled up as the hand did. 
“Thanks. I don’t know what I tripped over.” I said while looking back at where I tumbled, hoping to find an enormous book or something that would give my involuntary actions a fair reason. But of course, there was nothing.
“You just tripped over your own foot. Don’t you remember?” said Ben. Oh, I forgot, he was always early. There went my chance of talking with Dean. For now. “Did you hit your head or something? You tripped over your foot!” he said a little too loud. It was as if he was trying to make some sort of announcement.
“Yeah. I know!” I whispered out, hoping Dean didn’t hear anything that was going on. I quickly glanced at him from the corner of my eye to see if he was listening. Crap! He was more than listening; he was standing beside his desk. His expression serious, as usual, and staring right at me. Was he expecting to help me up, but Ben beat him to it? He looked away and sat back down.
I shook my hand to loosen the slimy grip Ben had on it. I didn’t want to know why his hand felt so gross. Even trying not to think about it made me cringe.
“Thanks.” I quietly said regretting that I had to say it. I looked down at my stupid feet. Traitors!
“No problem. I trip all the time and there’s nothing fun about it. Most of the time people trip me and laugh. But there’s no shame in falling. Gravity is one of the marvelous things about life!” he said.
“No shame here. I’m okay,” I insisted, mentally shaking it off.
“You look a bit nervous,” Ben mentioned. A small smile formed on his face, exposing his abnormally large front teeth.
“What makes you think that?” I asked. I reached up to my forehead. There was no sweat.
“Because it looks like you’re trying to drill a hole in your hip. That would be considered a nervous tick. For instance, I tend to stutter so much that no one can make out what I’m saying. Isn’t that crazy?” Ben said. “We have something in common.”
“Yeah. Well I’m going to go sit down now.” I replied, ignoring that last part. 
“It’s best that you do. You might have banged something when you tripped over your foot.” Ben said again.
“I know, Ben!” I snapped back. How many times did he have to remind me? I shamefully walked over to my desk and slouched down into the seat. After all this time of wanting to be in the exact spot I was in, after all the daydreaming of how this period would go about, I was now wishing it was all over.     I closed my eyes and laid my head down on the desk. I was so afraid to look over at him. 
The warning bell rang, only one minute left until class started. I opened my eyes to find Dean walking over to the entrance. He knelt down and picked something up. As he rose up, I noticed my notebook in his hand. I didn’t realize that I had left it there when I fell. Great. 
He didn’t move from that spot. It looked like he was trying to figure out if he wanted to give it to me or not. Finally, he headed toward me. As he sat the notebook down on my desk, his hand was quivering. When he released it, he didn’t say a word and went back to his desk next to me. Students started pouring in about a minute after the last bell rang. This period’s teacher was always late, and because of that, so were the students.
The teacher gave us a book to read today and threatened us with another quiz at the end of class. By the time class was almost over, I had gotten over my nervous breakdown. Through my mind, I played the events of that night. Well, everything that happened after Ayden’s part. I couldn’t believe that Dean’s shirt was folded in my closet and that he had given it to me to wear that night. Wait a minute…he put it on me to cover me up even though I was passed out. Then it dawned on me, the way his heart was pounding when he was carrying me. And the way he quivered as he held me in his arms; he took care of me that night. Not the way a stranger would, it intimate.
Dean was focused on reading when I planned to interrupt him. I wanted to give him a hint, some kind of clue that I was on to him. That I knew it was him that saved me that night. Courage took over and I turned to him with a grin and my eyes narrowed. 
He hesitantly looked at me. 
“I know.” I silently mouthed at him. His face was expressionless. He turned to the front of the class in an attempt to ignore me, but I blazed my stare at him. He had to have felt it boring into him, I was shouting at him with my eyes. Slowly, he turned to me again. But this time, with his eyebrow slightly raised. Dean studied my face intently. My eyes stayed narrowed as I slightly nodded my head. He must have thought I was crazy. What now? I got his attention! I tore my gaze away from his hypnotic green eyes. Those deep green sea eyes always managed to pull me in. 
An epiphany came over me. Not an amazing one, but it was still a great idea. I would give him a note! I tore a square piece of notebook paper from my binder and placed a book on it. I looked up to see where the teacher was. She looked like she was reading as well. But her eyes didn’t meet her book; they were more towards her lap. It looked to me like she was texting. I hurriedly started jotting words down on the note…
Meet me in the forest. Same time as yesterday. You know the spot. 
I crumpled it and quickly tossed it on his desk. It rolled and stopped against his hand though he made no movement. Then, he looked down at the paper and paused. His hand twitched a little and finally grabbed it. Everyone started zipping up their backpacks, loud whispers spread through the room as the end of class was approaching. Then the bell rang. I stared at him waiting for him to open it up and tell me if he was going to meet me there or not. But he was still. Frustrated, I threw my things together and walked to the door. Before I left the room, I turned to him. His head was down, reading my note and I could have sworn he was grinning.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
I stared at the digital clock next to my bedroom door, expecting it to jump to six forty five, but it seemed that every time I glanced at it, time froze. The numbers didn’t change. It was playing with me, playing a sick, sick game. It knew that I was going crazy just waiting for the time to meet Dean and it wasn’t dark out yet, not even close.  
A picture of that arm passing inches in front of my face reeled through my mind. It had to be Dean’s. 
Wait a minute…why didn’t I smell him? He was carrying me, I should have smelled something. Then I remembered the shirt. I scurried to my closet and flung the door open. I stared up at the smoky shirt I found myself wearing the morning after the attack. I had folded it up without washing it and made a section for it on one of my shelves in my walk-in closet. I reached up and carefully picked it off of the shelf, like a precious souvenir I didn’t want to ruin. I didn’t need to put it up to my nose to be able to smell the amber that enveloped it. Immediately the warm tingling I got every time I smelled Dean hit me. I stumbled back dropping to the floor. As I sat there, I gripped onto the folded shirt pressing it up against my nose so that I could savor the smell better.
I shrieked out in excitement and threw myself on my back with the shirt still connected to my nose. It was him! It really was him! There was no denying it. He couldn’t deny it. I knew he was still a sweetheart. He literally took the shirt off his back to cover my exposed area. I sighed and took another glance at the clock, still an hour to go.
After what seemed like hours of staring at the wall, I jumped up and looked out the window. The sun was setting! It was FINALLY time to go! “I got to go! Love you mom!” I called out.
I grabbed Zeke’s leash and clipped it on his collar. My heart was rapidly bouncing inside of my chest. Dean’s handsome face was engraved in my mind. No time to stretch. I began to jog to the meeting spot. Before I knew it, I was running. Zeke ran beside me, making sure to stay at my pace when I yanked at his collar. The sky was pink but I could barely see the sun because of all the trees around me. Earlier it was blazing and humid, now the fresh, clean air brushed against my face and arms as I ran. I wished I would have worn shorts so that I could feel the air all over. 
From a distance, I could see Dean. He was here! He actually came! I was about to faint to the floor from pure excitement. He was sitting on the grassy grounds against the same tree Shane was leaning on before. His arms were resting on his knees with his head back against the trunk. I wasn’t sure, but it looked as if his eyes were closed. As I approached him, I slowed down to a creep, yet he didn’t move. I was somewhat glad. It gave me a chance to enjoy the tantalizing view he presented-a perfectly chiseled masterpiece. I felt my heart pounding against my ribs. In a way, he scared me. There was some kind of darkness that lurked in his aura, but I couldn’t help feeling lured to him.
“What are you doing? Meditating?” I jabbered trying to break the silence.
He said nothing. I tied Zeke against the tree and plopped in front of Dean. Strange. When his long dark lashes revealed his eyes, they were already focused on mine, as if he were already gazing at me through his closed lids. Chills ran throughout my body, warm rushes crashed and swirled inside my chest. His eyes looked softer than usual, but the darkness around them looked worse than ever. He couldn’t sleep, that had to be the only explanation I could put behind the dark circles. 
Dean’s expression was serious. “What did you drag me out here for?” his husky voice demanded.
“Geeesh! Your stick must really be up there!” I barked back.
He took a deep breath. “What did you want to talk to me about?” he rephrased with his eyes still on mine. He hardly blinked.
“I know who you are.” I accused with a wide smile. I couldn’t help it. This was riveting!
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” he said bitterly.
“You’re a hero, you know. That’s what I’ve been calling you.” Glee escaped me. I felt like I was telling a famous person how big of a fan I was. 
“What are you talking about?” he defensively shot out. I’ve never seen a face so serious. I liked it.
“That night in the forest, when Ayden tried to-”
“Stop.” Dean interrupted. Fury masked his face. 
“The tattoos on your arm. What do they mean?” I asked while reaching out to touch them.
“That’s none of your business.” he retorted, drawing his arm away from my reach.
“Was it you that night? I know it was you.” I accused.
“Enough with the questions.” he demanded.
“Then why did you come? What did you think I wanted to meet up for? I know it was you that night. You can’t deny it. Why would you deny such a noble thing? What the heck is your problem?” I blurted out hoping I wouldn’t scare him off.
“Any more questions I could deny to answer? Or are you just going to keep wasting my time and throwing them at me?” he icily responded.
I stared at him, aggravated. I couldn’t believe he didn’t want to admit it. Nothing was going how I had planned.
“You’re really not going to tell me, are you?” I came to realize.
He jumped to his feet and stared down to me, the movement made my heart skip a beat. Any movement from him was beginning to affect me in the strangest ways. 
He began to walk away without saying a word.
I jumped to my feet. “Let me guess...going off to suck some blood?” I boldly said.
He froze. 
I froze. 
I couldn’t believe I just blurted it out. There was no proof! I felt like such an idiot. I was accusing someone of being a freakin’ vampire. I wished the ground below me would just swallow me already.
“What did you say?” he asked without turning to look at me.
“Nothing!” I lied.
“I heard you say something. Please clarify.” he commanded in a surprisingly nice tone.
“It was a joke.” Another lie.
“A fraction of what you believe to be the truth always lies behind a joke,” he informed.
“Not when they’re just meant to be funny.” I answered back, unsure if it even made sense. 
“Then what is the humor in your joke?” He quickly spun around and stepped up to me, his body almost touching mine. ”Enlighten me.” he dared.
I gaped up at him. He was so tall and scary. I was speechless. 
“I know you and your friend have been following me around.” he said.
“Well I know it was you that saved me that night! So why don’t we talk about that!” I said in a huff.
“Just go back to your normal life and forget about what I do.” he warned.
“And what do you do exactly?” I continued, “What is it that you do at night?” I spat out.
He stayed silent. His eyes were magnetized to mine. I became very aware that his body inched a little closer to me. In fact, he was so close I was afraid he would feel my heart thudding against my chest.
“Yeah. We know what you do. I didn’t believe it at first, but now it’s all clear to me. You chop heads off and the bodies disappear. You’re strong enough to punch holes in brick walls. Yeah, I saw that. And-”
“And what?” he demanded.
“And. Well…that’s all I know so far.” I shrugged my shoulders.
“Then you don’t know everything. You and your friend should forget about me and continue on with your perfect little lives.” he ground out irately.
“Gosh! Why are you so harsh? Maybe if you were nicer you could have some friends.” I pointed out.
“Friends? And just what do you consider a friend? Someone that walks with you every day to your class? That tells pointless and stupid jokes? You’re right. I definitely need one of those since there aren’t bigger things to worry about in life.” he said sourly.
“We used to be friends. Didn’t you enjoy that?” I asked. 
“You and I both know I was a different person back then.” he said softly.
“No! You’re still you, Dean.” I claimed while shaking my head in denial.
“Why would you think that?” His cocky attitude towards it made me even more determined to explore the subject. 
“I can kind of see it when you look at me.” I said.
“A look?” He chuckled a very sexy chuckle. “Mindy can evaluate what goes on inside a person just by a look.” He mockingly announced with a smile. And it was a tender smile with meaning and passion behind it.
“You laughed. You never laugh! Ha! I got you to laugh!” Excitement sang out of me. I hadn’t seen him laugh in years.
His expression turned serious once again and he brought his face closer to me. 
Right up to mine. 
Face to face. 
Eye to gorgeous green eye. 
The smell of his cologne intoxicated me and I wanted to lick the scent out of the air to taste its sweetness. 
“Let’s pretend that your ridiculous theory is true. Vampires exist. That I did save you that night. It would mean that I was simply passing by and punched a guy for hurting a girl, nothing more. It could have been anyone and I would have done the same thing. You’re not special. And if I am a vampire, then it’s best that I don’t socialize because my friends would be in danger of me getting hungry. Anyone around me would be in danger so I would keep to myself.” He paused and grazed his eyes over my lips and back up to meet my stare. “Are we pretending yet?”
I nodded and closed my dropped jaw. I was amazed that I heard what he was saying to me while I was under this spell.
“Now, let’s do something even better. How about we pretend that none of this ever happened and we forget we ever even knew each other. We’ve never spoken to each other. We don’t even know each other’s names.” With every word he uttered, his eyes drooped with a heaviness, and sadness.
“There would be a flaw in that fantasy of yours…” I pointed out.
“And what would that be?” he softly asked.
“Your staring at me would ruin it.” I said.
“I don’t stare.” he claimed.
“I guess stare would be the wrong word…” I continued, “…you gawk at me.” I accused.
“Gawk? What is gawk?” he asked.               
“You tell me. You’re the one that does it.” I said.
He was quiet for a moment, gathering his thoughts to prove me wrong, most likely. But his face softened. He no longer had a scary aura around him-it was peaceful. He looked peaceful. 
He brought his face down slightly closer to mine, so close that I could feel his clean breath. My God, even that smelled good.
“My definition of gawking would be…” He paused as if to hold back what he was going to say. But he couldn’t any longer. “…when you look at her, your heart starts slamming uncontrollably in your chest. So much that it scares you. And every other noise that surrounds you slowly fades away into absolute silence. You only hear the sounds she makes. And when she looks back at you, when her eyes meet yours, it’s as if she is looking deep inside your soul. And she can see all of the hatred you’re consumed in. Her eyes quench the thirst of your soul, gently soothing your damaged heart in the most alluring way… a way you could only dream of.” His peaceful face started to fill with pain. “Then those magical eyes start to look away. The time-freeze you were caught in starts to wear off. And fear takes over. You want to pull those eyes to yours again so that you could once again feel the fascinating sensations of happiness. Then, when she’s out of your sight, you feel empty inside. Your heart is back to normal. Only this time, it’s left with an aching worse than before. But you can never tell her. You can never be with her. You are alone in your pitiful existence-”
He stopped himself from talking further and studied my face. His lips were so close I could feel mine tingling. The feeling was much like when someone brushed their finger above your skin and you could feel the stirrings of it. I had forgotten how to breathe. My eyes had never been opened so wide. And my knees were about to collapse right under me.
“Is that how you would define gawking?” he tenderly asked.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Say something! Say something! I cleared my throat and just when I was going to spit out whatever came to mind, he said…
“It’s getting late. You should go home now.” He stepped back leaving a painful distance in between us.
“Why do you always tell me that? You’re like a broken record. ‘You should go home now. You should go home now.’” I paused. “Is it because of vampires? Do they really exist? That’s why you always want me to go home when it gets dark, huh?” I couldn’t help but to show my victorious smile. I figured it out! He wanted me to be indoors where it was safe.
“There you go with the vampires again. Get that out of your head already.” Irritation crept into his voice.
“Fine. Well, are you going to walk me home? Who knows what’s lurking out there.” I barked.
I stormed off without waiting for him to respond. I wanted to see what he would do. When I didn’t hear him approach me, disappointment washed over me. I shouldn’t have stormed off like that. Dean probably thought I was a drama queen. 
He wasn’t going to follow. 
I didn’t look back-I refused to. If I did, I would look too desperate.
The sun had set and a blanket of darkness covered the earth around Georgetown during my ‘conversation’ with Dean. At the time, it didn’t seem like such a long time had passed. There was a group of deer standing together, enjoying the grass. I also slowed my pace to a stand as I took in the twinkling stars in the sky. 
I enjoyed the night, it seemed so peaceful. No busy cars. No busy life-everything was tranquil. No wonder the deer come out at night, there was no one to bother them. 
Except for me. 
The group froze at the sight of me and seconds later, they all ran away.
“Why are you so quiet?” a husky voice asked.
I whirled around to where the voice had come from. Dean was walking slightly behind me.
“Where did you come from?” I squealed, relieved and surprised that he came.
“I’ve been beside you.” he informed and arched his brow as if I were a crazy person in the woods.
“I didn’t hear you. Did you tippy toe your way up here?” I asked while imagining it in my head. It didn’t suit him in the least bit. His masculinity wouldn’t have let him.
“I’ve been walking beside you. You’re just too busy wishing upon a star and scaring deer to take notice.” he teased.
Surprised that he had been with me this whole time, I began to smile a little too broadly. I jumped in front of him making him stop in his tracks. My smile didn’t fade. In fact, it got bigger.
“What are you doing?” he demanded.
Dean tried to walk around me, but I maneuvered myself to stay in his way so that he couldn’t walk. Once again, he tried and I blocked him.
“You like me.” I accused with confidence.
     He huffed out and grabbed me gently by the arms, his grip was firm. The moment his skin touched my bare arms, a high volt of soothing electricity surged from his skin. He closed his eyes as if he were taking the same feeling in. A few small strands of hair rested over my eye and as I reached up to swoop them away, his hand came up too. It was right where it should’ve been, in front of my face, ready to scoot the hair aside. But he stopped, took a huff, and lowered his hand back while closing his eyes. Dean wanted to do it, just like he used to when we were younger. It wasn’t something normal children without feelings towards each other would do. It was different; natural. He pressed his lips and opened those eyes that were already locked on mine. My heart was bouncing all over like a pinball machine. Did he feel the same way? Slowly, his face inched towards mine. His shaky breathing wasn’t hard to notice with the silence around us. 
He was nervous. 
He moved in another inch towards my face. His eyes were smoldering and determined as he gently pulled me towards him. His lips were now coming even closer to mine... and just when it seemed like they were about to touch, he stopped. I couldn’t believe it! He stopped! 
Dean’s lips lingered close to mine as he said, “we need to get you home. Now.” His tone was serious. He pulled away and grabbed my hand firmly. His hands felt a little rough, like he worked a lot with them. But at the same time, they felt safe and comforting. He bolted away, dragging me with him.  
When we arrived at my door, he took off as I reached for the handle. I whirled around and saw him going back into the forest... and the forest was at least several yards away. There was no way he could have gotten there that fast. Not even if he sprinted. 
I saw him enter the darkness of the forest without turning back. 
He didn’t even say goodnight. 
My mother had a dinner plate served for me on the dining table but I didn’t see one for her. Was it really that late? 
After eating my dinner quickly, I trotted up to my mom’s room. It was cracked as it usually was when I got home from wherever I was at. I let her know that I was home and then I floated to my room. The words Dean said to me about when he ‘gawked’ gave me head rushes as I replayed them in my mind.
As soon as I shut my bedroom door behind me, I ran to the window. I didn’t know why, but I was kind of hoping to find Dean looking up at me, like I had seen in the movies. 
But he wasn’t there. Just darkness. 
That still didn’t take away the amazing bliss I was feeling. I couldn’t believe that I had such an impact on him. Wow! Could this really be real? A small screech escaped my throat as I ran to the closet. I wanted to make sure I had the perfect outfit for school the next day ready. I wanted to look my best for him. 
It took me hours to fall asleep that night. The excitement was too great for me to relax, like waiting for Christmas morning. 
Instead of under a tree, my gift was at school.
 
 
 
     To my absolute disappointment, Dean wasn’t at school. My day had never felt so empty and out of place. For some strange reason that I couldn’t explain, I needed his presence. And I found myself irritated at the day that I faced alone. He had never missed a day of school, to my knowledge. Why today of all days? 
After the dreaded school day was finally over Markus drove me home.
“That’s why he hangs out with Shane!” Markus blurted out while pulling out of the school parking lot.
“What?” I asked.
“Cause they’re both vampires. They stick together.” Markus stated.
“I guess that would make sense. Cause it doesn’t seem like Dean enjoys it, but if they have to stick together, then he has to put up with it…” I continued, “…then why did he kill those other ‘vamps’?” I air quoted.
“Maybe because of territory? It’s big in the animal kingdom. I’m sure it’s the same with vamps,” he said. “Cause they’re not human.”
“Yeah…maybe.” I said thoughtfully. 
“You okay? You look distant.” Markus asked.
“Yeah, I’m just…tired. I didn’t get much sleep last night.” I said. What I really was feeling was out-of-place because I didn’t see Dean at school.
After Markus dropped me off at home, I dragged my feet up to the house and when I turned the knob to open the door, out came my giant dog, slamming the door against me and causing me to fall on my butt. He took off running straight to the forest entrance we used to go running. Stupid dog! I dropped my bag and jogged in the direction Zeke went. Seeing as it was a little difficult jogging with my rhinestone flip–flops, I slowed down to a speed walk. It wasn’t like I would have been able to catch up to the dog anyway. Today seemed a lot brighter than usual, but when I entered the forest, the trees took away almost all of the heat from the sun, leaving behind only some humidity. I usually didn’t come out here this early because of the heat so I wished it was darker out already. 
I called Zeke’s name in hopes that he would come running to me in obedience. Silly me. That was probably why the original owner got rid of him. Then, out of nowhere, he jumped out in front of me wagging his tail. This time he stayed in my view and waited until I caught up until leading me deeper into the forest. I swear the dog was teasing me. Purposely taunting me.
Zeke ran over a hill and out of my sight. When I heard the crisp stream of water, I realized that I had never come out this far before. I didn’t even know there was a river here. What sounded like water splashing had me curiously wandering towards the noise. I hurried my pace and when I reached the top of the hill, I saw nothing but trees, bundles of them huddled together like a wall. Zeke peeked his head through one of the small gaps in between the trees then just as quickly disappeared. I followed him through and came into view of the water, it was a small river with a steady stream. Birds were singing a melody that brought happiness and serenity to whoever and whatever surrounded them. In the small distance, a rabbit was drinking out of the clean water. And it was in no way bothered by my presence, as if this was a locked away place of harmony. 
I felt something cold and wet on my hand, Zeke was licking it. But as I reached down to pet him, he took off again, quickly stepping along the riverside. Then he stopped and looked back to me, waiting. Without hesitation, I followed, wanting to see more. He slowly climbed down a rocky hill along the water and when I got there, I panicked. Beside me was a waterfall that cascaded down to a small pool of water. It wasn’t a crazy rush of water like you see in movies, it was calm. I took a deep breath and carefully walked down the hill trying not to fall in the water, even though I was only ten feet away. When I reached the bottom, I stood in front of the water in amazement. At the top of the waterfall, there was a long tree laid across, the small amount of water able to get through formed a veil that stretched to the bottom, ending in a faint cloud of foam. The waterfall looked to be only a little over twenty feet tall. On both sides of it, the ground made a circle around the pool of water that led down to the lower level, almost like two staircases. I pictured a mansion... one of those that when you walk in, there are stairs on either side of you.
A small bark captured my attention. I saw Zeke sitting next to a beautiful sight–Dean. He was in bright blue swimming trunks and a black muscle shirt. My mouth watered uncontrollably and I took a big gulp just before my jaw dropped to the ground. 
Zeke turned to me and barked. If dogs could bark hello, then he sure just did. Dean slowly turned to me with a sexy grin. It was as if he was expecting me to come. The glistening water reflected off of his eyes. They were magnificent and bright, no dark circles.
That’s when I realized that I hadn’t moved since I spotted him. My mouth was still opened and I hadn’t blinked. I immediately straightened myself up and walked towards the mirage before me, sitting in front of the water. 
He was an unbelievable masterpiece. 
Shaking, I sat next to him. I kept my distance though. I wasn’t ready to be close to him again. Not just yet… even though my heart and body scolded me for it.
We sat there in silence for I didn’t know how long, but I very much enjoyed the scenery of the small waterfall and everything surrounding. It looked like there was a small cave behind it, too. I had always wanted to stand behind a waterfall, but my fear of deep waters got in the way of that happening. 
Dean had his feet in the pool. It looked refreshing. He looked refreshing. So I took off my sandals and set them behind me and rolled my pants up to my knees. I stuck my feet inside the water and splashed around. I felt Dean’s heavy gaze at my feet. I wasn’t sure if I was bothering him, so I stopped.
“So… are you sick or something? Why didn’t you go to school today?” I asked, trying to make conversation as if this whole confrontation was normal.
He said nothing. Instead, he tilted his head and gazed in gratification at me. I turned away, only because I didn’t want to make a dumb noise with my mouth. Leaning forward, I stared into the water. It was so clean that I was able to see straight to the bottom. 
His eyes were still on me. 
My heart was pounding so hard that I was afraid it was going to burst out of my chest and splash into the water to cool itself down. 
“Did you know I would come today? I know it’s a strange question. It’s just that…how is it that Zeke came to you?” I asked puzzled.
“I can speak to animals. I asked him to come.” he said.
“Really?” I gullibly asked, believing every word.
Dean’s sexy chuckle almost made me float over to him. “I was sitting in front of your house for about an hour before you came. I was blowing in this.” He pulled a whistle out of his pocket. “It’s a dog whistle. Only they can hear it. I kept blowing it and it was driving your dog crazy inside the house. That’s why as soon as you opened the door he came running out to search for the noise.”
“You planned this out? You wanted me here?” I whimpered out in amazement. I tried to sit still to keep my composure.
Dean stood up and stretched his arms. The tattoos on his forearm were sexy! It made me feel like I was with a bad boy… that had great taste in tattoos. I tried not to stare, but from the corner of my eye, I could see him pulling off his shirt. I turned a little more towards him to get a better peek. 
With every movement he made, he looked like a carved statue. Like an artist worked very carefully on his body so that he would come out flawless. Every muscle group was in well-proportioned to the other. The sun shone through the cracks the leaves made in the trees, brightening his skin to a glow. Then, he leaped into the pool. When his head popped back up out of the water, he gestured with his hand for me to come join him. I exaggerated the shake of my head. There was no way I was jumping in the water without a life jacket and some floaters. But I wasn’t about to tell him that.
He tilted himself back and floated on his back. The water that was clinging to his skin glistened against the sunlight. I’m sure it felt good for the water to have him there. The water must have felt more than honored to have him choose this particular spot. 
“Join me?” he suggested with a smooth pleading voice. 
Once again, I shook my head. Besides, I was enjoying myself too much. Watching him was extremely fulfilling. 
At this moment, if I were thirsty, hungry, hurting, it wouldn’t matter. Just the sight of him eased everything away into nothingness. 
This had to be a dream. 
This wasn’t real. 
I probably just plopped myself on the couch after Markus had dropped me off and fell asleep, I had to be dreaming. 
Slowly, he swam towards me, eyes focused. He looked like a shark coming at me, and I was his prey. Only his eyes and the top of his head were visible above the water. How I wanted this shark to catch me and do with me what he wanted. 
Dean came until only inches away from me and slowly rose up. I wasn’t sure if he was doing it slowly or if everything slowed down as it usually did with him. He rose up until the water met his stomach. The crystal liquid ran down his skin and dropped back into the water, leaving behind a gloss that only intensified his stunning body. He looked incredibly inviting. Raising his hand out of the water, he held it out for me to grab while looking up at me through his wet lashes. 
I hesitated. 
Dean then took his other hand out as if to grab me, to help me in. My God! I screamed inside my mind. I wanted to leap into those strong arms. His smile was cocky, as if he knew I was falling for every trick. The magnetic hold he had on me made me lean just a little forward. He took that as a ‘yes’ and immediately grabbed my sides and picked me up. Next, I found myself up above his head with water up to my knees. He held me like it was nothing, I was as light as a bag of feathers for him. Since this was all a dream though, I didn’t protest. Carefully, he lowered me down. A formation of goose bumps took over my skin as my face came closer and closer towards his. He gazed up at me as he lowered me down inch by torturous inch until he set me down in the water. He let go of me and I began to sink in. The water rose higher and higher. I was moving my arms and legs as I should be, but I kept sinking. 
That’s when fear took over and I realized that I wasn’t in a dream. I frantically kicked and waved my arms around only making the sinking worse. I felt his arms wrap around my waist, pulling me back up, so I wrapped my arms around his shoulders.
“You still can’t swim?” he asked in concern.
“Yeah, I can.” I said, still trying to present some coolness in front of him. 
“Then why did you sink?” He asked with a smirk.
There was no denying it. I might as well have told him. 
“I can swim, but I can’t float, so when the water hits my face, that’s when I start to panic.” I shamefully admitted.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he demanded, gripping me firmly but at the same time gently.
“I don’t know. It’s not something I go telling everyone.” I said. “Besides, it’s not like we’ve kept in touch.”
He ignored that comment. “What if I teach you how to float?” he asked.
“I’ll still be afraid. I have water phobia; I’m afraid of deep water. I guess I’m afraid of drowning. Something takes over me and I have a panic attack.” I admitted.
“Is this you having a panic attack?” he asked.
I looked down at myself. Usually, the rare times I was in the water, I would be reaching for the edge and scrambling out. This time, I was still. Calm. I hung onto Dean, but it wasn’t from fear, it was just an excuse to cling on. For some reason, he was doing this to me. His touch was calming me from my natural reaction to fear. I couldn’t believe it. 
“I want to show you something.” he said shyly, while looking down and away.
I nodded my head in surrender. I didn’t care if it was a twig he was going to show me, I was all for whatever! 
Dean effortlessly helped me out of the water, putting his shirt back on as I wrung my hair and clothes out. As I followed him, I rubbed my fingers just below my lower eyelids, to check if my makeup was smeared. Lucky for me, it was intact. I just had to worry about my hair frizzing like I was hit by lightning. 
“Ever been behind a waterfall?” he asked me.
I froze. 
Was he serious? Was that what he was going to show me? I couldn’t believe it. I had always wanted to do that! It was as if he read my mind when I was staring at the spilling water earlier. Funny how a person with water phobia had standing behind a waterfall on her bucket list.
“No! Are we going to?” I asked in excitement. A wide smile spread across my face. I felt like skipping behind him, but of course I resisted.
The climb looked pretty easy; the boulders were slightly slanted, but they could be climbed on still. Dean held my hand as we climbed the rocky stairway side by side. The rocks were slippery because of the mist and every time I was about to slip, he would pull me up. And he would do it just before I slipped as if he knew it was coming. Dean stayed behind me as I prepared myself to climb into the cave. My heart was racing with fear as I looked down at the water below us. I imagined myself falling in and I froze. I took more deep breaths to regain some composure. 
“You okay?” Dean asked.
I didn’t answer. I couldn’t. All I could do was look down at the terrifying water below me. It promised me death.
“I’m going to climb over you. Just stay where you are and don’t let go,” he said. 
Not two seconds later, he was already in the cave and had a grip on both of my arms. He pulled me up effortlessly and before I knew it, I was sitting in the cave! 
It wasn’t as big as I had imagined one would be. The ceiling wasn’t high enough for us to stand in, so we had to sit down to admire the view of the water. Below us, Zeke slept under a tree. Pshhh…now he stayed put! 
Dean turned to me. “You didn’t even get your face wet.” he pointed out.
“Oh. Yeah. I didn’t want my make up to wash off.” I informed him.
“I wonder how you look without it.” Dean studied my face and hummed as if picturing me. Then he gave me a crooked smile… one with a mischievous meaning behind it. 
Dean scooted back to get some space and began pulling up the bottom of his shirt…slowly. Very, very slowly. I gulped. After removing it, he dipped the balled-up shirt into the falling water, soaking it completely. My stunned state from the sight of him without his shirt took me off guard and I realized too late what he was about to do. Dean crawled towards me with the soaking shirt clenched in one hand. I had nowhere to go. The cave was too small for me to run and I wouldn’t dare jump out. So I was trapped. I crawled back as far as I could before I hit the wall behind me. He crouched closer to me, so close, in fact, that I could feel his skin lingering extremely close to mine. Water beads were dripping from his hair onto my legs and feet. I tried pushing him away with my hands but it was like trying to push boulders-his muscles were so hard and he didn’t even budge. 
Gently, he placed my hands down by my sides and rubbed the soaked shirt against my eyes. I hated that I did not wear my waterproof makeup today. How was I to know that would happen? Droplets of water poured from the shirt down my face. And I knew he succeeded in rubbing my makeup all off. Pulling back a little, he examined me. Then he came up close to me again and rubbed here and there with the soaked shirt. Only this time, he didn’t pull himself back. His eyes were penetrating mine. I could feel the warmth of his breath against the droplets of water on my face. The contact made me shiver. 
“There…” he paused, “…you truly are beautiful.” Dean’s husky voice was low and so kind. I wanted to hear more. I yearned for more.
“Tell me why you look at me the way you do,” I pleaded. 
Dean inched closer. “Every time I look at you…” he paused again and his eyes wandered down to my quivering lips. His breathing was hard, but he continued “…every time I look at you…I want to kiss you.” He said it so softly that I was lucky enough to make out the words. 
My whole body started to quiver. The rushes burned inside of me and I was utterly dumfounded by his close presence. I had forgotten how to talk, how to breathe. All I could do was anticipate what I believed was going to happen next.
Then, I felt his lips touch mine.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Dean’s lips were gently plush against mine, and I knew he had been eager to kiss me for a while by the way he kept looking at my lips. But for some reason, all he did was kiss me softly without even parting my lips-a simple peck. He was getting just a taste. When he slowly and painfully pulled himself away from me, he left the intoxicating taste of himself dancing on my lips. He didn’t say anything, but he did smile. If I didn’t know any better, I’d swear his eyes were brightening as we sat there, looking at each other. He forced himself to look away from me and out through the waterfall. I didn’t realize it had gotten late. The sun was already going down. He turned back to me with irritation on his face, as if cursing whoever was responsible for the darkness.
“I better get you home,” Dean said.
“Yeah.” I regrettably agreed. “I haven’t seen my mom since this morning. She’s probably worried.” I didn’t want to leave. I could have stayed here forever with him. And if he was a vampire, I wouldn’t care at this point.
Dean stood up and walked to the edge before the waterfall. Him standing against the pouring water was truly a sight to see-he looked like he stepped into a painting. As he turned to face my way, he spread his arms out in a flying motion and started leaning backwards. Backwards!
“What are you doing? Are you crazy?!” I yelled.
Dean gave me a dangerous grin and closed his eyes before he fell out of my sight. I crawled to the edge to peer down at him, but saw only the crystal liquid cascading below me. Then, he popped out of the pool at the bottom. 
I exhaled in relief. 
“Jump!” Dean dared me.
“Yeah, and how about I do a three sixty.” Sarcasm escaped me. “I’m climbing down.” I said. I crawled over to where we had climbed up. It was steeper then I had remembered. I was sure to slip and hit myself against the rocks. I looked back at Dean. He shrugged his shoulders and held out his arms in front of him. For years, Dean had been this mysterious, scary guy, but right now, at this very moment…there was nothing scary at all about him. He was adorable as he pleaded with his face for me to join him. And I couldn’t believe that I was the girl he was with right now. I was the girl he had chosen to bring to this magical place. And I was the girl that he just kissed.
I had to choose between climbing down the slippery rocks or jumping into his arms. Naturally, I chose his arms. I stood close to the edge looking down at what I thought was my death. But, somehow, I ignored the water and saw only him. He looked like a dark angel on a cloud of mist, holding his arms out to me. I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply. Then I jumped. I held my breath and prepared myself for the impact, but I landed right into his arms, even causing him to sink a little with the landing. Immediately, though, he brought us back up above the surface. My heart was banging inside my chest. But it wasn’t the water that did it to me this time, it was Dean’s touch. Every part of him that touched me burned despite the cool water that covered me.
I laughed out loud. I was stoked that I was finally having fun in the water and that it was all because of him. I held onto his shoulders as he swam to the edge. He gently guided me to it and even lifted me a little so I could get a good grip. Once out, I tried to wring as much of the water out of my clothes as possible as I slipped on my flip-flops. My hair was so wet it looked blood red. When I was finished with my failed attempts of drying myself, I turned to look at Dean standing beside me. He was scanning the forest around us. 
“Let’s go,” his tone turned serious. He set his hand on my back guiding me out of the forest. He was walking pretty fast, rushing me along with him. And Zeke followed without me having to hold his leash. 
“What? Do you have a curfew or something?” I asked him. But he only stared at me. More like drilled his gaze at me. “Will I see you at school tomorrow?” I asked in hopes that he would say yes. But he shook his head with regret on his face. We slowed down as we finally approached the street in front of my house. 
“Lina…” he softly called. Lina. He hadn’t called me that since before his parents died. It was a nickname for my middle name, Melina. But I didn’t turn to him. I wanted to hear that word come from his mouth again, so I pretended like I didn’t hear him even though he was so close to me.
“Lina.” This time, his tone was serious.
I stopped and turned to him.
“Don’t invite any strangers in,” he quickly said.
“Oookay?” I said, holding back the rolling of my eyes.
“I mean it.” he said sternly.
“Hey! Watch the attitude!” I barked back.
He took in a huff. “Please…” he said in a much nicer tone.
“That’s better.” I said while throwing him a grin of accomplishment that I couldn’t hold back.
The look Dean gave me was the kind you give off when you can’t believe that just happened. Maybe I’d been the only one to snap back at his rudeness. His green eyes smoldered at me and he looked like he was in some kind of trance. Then, he leaned in while gently putting his hand on the back of my head and he kissed me again. But it wasn’t on the lips where I was expecting it to be, he kissed me on the forehead and kept his lips there as if it was something he’d longed to do. I couldn’t understand why, but the kiss seemed very intimate.
When he pulled away, he gestured me towards my house. I unwillingly turned my heel and walked the stone pathway that led to my front door. When I reached it, I turned to look at him, but he was already gone. I raised my hand up to feel where he had kissed me, something I didn’t want to do in front of him. 
I smiled in complete bliss and went inside. I shut the door behind me and leaned my back on it, melting to the ground. 
“There you are! Where have you been? You left your bag and phone in front of the house. I thought something happened to you!” my mom hysterically said to me. “Markus has been driving around looking for you. I was about to call the police!”
“I’m okay mom. I just… when I got home, Zeke ran off and I dropped my stuff and chased after him. I found him at a spring and… went swimming.” I blurted out.
“Swimming? You?” she asked, so surprised at the fact of me swimming that she dropped the hysteria.
“I know. Well…Dean was there. And, so, we went swimming.” I said, meekly. “He held onto me the whole time so I wouldn’t freak out.”
“That explains it. Mindy, you need to leave a note or something next time. I really was worried about you. And you should call Markus before he reports you to unsolved mysteries.” she said.
I called Markus immediately. 
“Red!” he said, surprised. “Where have you been? Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine. I went after Zeke because he ran off. Then I-” Bumped into Dean? I couldn’t tell him that. Markus thought Dean was a murderer or a vampire. Ugh…what a mess. “-then I hung out for a while when I found Zeke.” I said quickly.
“Okay. So everything’s cool?” he asked.
“Yeah, it’s cool. I’ll see you tomorrow.” I said before he hung up.
I ran upstairs and put something dry on before coming back down to eat with my mother.
“Why did you lie to Markus?” my mom asked.
“Oh.” I cut the lemon chicken into even pieces. “I don’t think Markus likes Dean. I didn’t want to bring him up.” I said.
“Is Dean bad news?” She asked with concern.
“No…I don’t think so. You know how guys are. Not all of them click.” I said while aiming a piece of chicken in my mouth.
“So, how is Dean? I thought you two weren’t friends anymore.” she asked.
“We weren’t, but things are different now. I don’t know how it happened, but it did.” I said trying not to sound too excited about it.
I had a lot of homework to do, but I couldn’t focus on any of it. I could still feel Dean’s lips on mine and the warmth of him hovering against me. It felt good to think about him, too good. Then, for an unknown reason, I stood up and went to my window. I wasn’t sure why, maybe in hopes that I would see Dean standing outside. 
But he wasn’t there. 
Zeke came to the window with me and looked out. A deep growl erupted in his throat. And in that moment, I saw a figure, a human figure, moving very fast in the distance. I was lucky to even catch a glimpse. An unsettled feeling sank in my stomach and I locked my window and went around the rest of the house locking everything that could be used as an entrance. 
And that’s when what Dean said popped into my head. ‘Don’t invite any strangers in,’ he said. I didn’t even ask him what he meant by that. I wished I could call him, to hear his voice so that the nice feelings could return and I wouldn’t have to be so paranoid. But I didn’t have his number. I would have to wait until school to talk to him again; that was if he went tomorrow. I went back upstairs and looked out the window again. Zeke followed, but he didn’t growl this time. And I saw nothing outside.
Another day without him showing.
“What’s wrong?” Markus asked as he plowed a Twinkie in his mouth.
“Nothing.” I said. A lie that Markus was sure to catch once the Twinkie was all gone.
“Yeah, Mindy. You’re quiet.” Tanya flipped her phone shut. “You’re never quiet.”
“Have you seen Dean? He hasn’t been to school.” Markus asked while scanning the area.
“Jennifer hasn’t either. Do you think they’re getting acquainted?” Tanya jokingly asked.
“No!” I lashed out, unintentionally. “Ummm…Dean doesn’t like her. I saw him turn her down. And it wasn’t gently.” I said, hoping to cover up my reaction.
“No, but seriously, no one has seen or heard from her since Friday night. Remember we saw her at The Impulse?” Tanya asked.
“That’s right. She was outside with Shane.” Markus remembered.
“I know. I heard that the cops asked him about her. He told them she left early but that they hadn’t gone there together. They just bumped into each other.” Tanya said.
“But she’s only been gone a few days,” I added.
“I know, but people have been trying to get a hold of her and…nothing.” Tanya said as she waved her phone around before she set it down.
“I bet Ashley is freaking out.” I smirked. “I don’t think it’s a big deal. I mean…she sleeps around, right? Maybe she went away with some guy and just hasn’t cared to check in.” I said.
“I’m still sticking with my theory. Dean and Jessica ran off together.” Tanya teased.
I felt my stomach churn just thinking about what Tanya said. I didn’t think it was true, but then again, Dean didn’t give me a reason why he hadn’t been to school either. Jealousy started to boil inside me-a horrible feeling I’d never felt for a guy before. I was now determined to ask him why exactly he hadn’t been coming.
“Did you do the homework for sixth hour?” Markus asked.
I picked at my mashed potatoes and gravy with no intention of eating. “No. I didn’t understand it.” I said without thinking about how much sense that didn’t make. It was an easy assignment–time-consuming, but easy. I didn’t want to tell him that I spent the whole night replaying the waterfall kiss in my head. 
“I think I can finish it up after lunch.” Markus said. “Are you sure you’re okay? Do you need to talk to me?” he asked.
“No.” I faked a smile on my face. “I’m cool. I just didn’t get much sleep so I’m out of it.” I said.
“Okay. Just making sure.” he said.
I still couldn’t help thinking about what Tanya said. It bothered me more then I would have liked it to. Maybe it was a coincidence that they had been absent on the same days. And that they had both been at The Impulse. At least I didn’t see him there with her. 
I shook the thought out of my head and forced the food in my mouth.
“I better head to class now so I can get some of the assignment done.” Markus said as he rose up from the bench.
“I’ll walk with you,” I stated. Throwing all of my trash on my tray, I followed him. Tanya stayed behind. She didn’t like going to class early.
“So?” I asked.
“What?” Markus asked.
“Anything new? With…you know.” I asked.
“Nah. I haven’t even seen Dean these past couple of nights. I don’t think I’ll go investigate tonight either, I need to catch up on some homework.” he said. We approached his class and I quickly said bye before I continued walking.
I wasn’t looking forward to going to sixth hour knowing Dean wouldn’t be there. I kept staring at the two empty seats next to me the whole time: Dean’s and Jennifer’s. And now I couldn’t help but question if there was a connection. 
I ended up getting detention for not turning in the assignment. It would have bothered me more if I had plans after school, but it gave me a chance to take my time with the assignment instead of rushing through it. They only kept me for a half hour and let us out early for good behavior. As I walked out of the building, the parking lot was empty and there was not a student in sight, except for the very few that had detention with me, but they were already practically off the campus. I told Markus that I would call him if I needed a ride home afterwards, but I felt like walking. It would only take me about twenty minutes to get home on foot.
When I turned away from the school and stepped onto the sidewalk beside the road, I ran into Dean sitting on his motorcycle. It was a powerful machine, well-suited for him. The bike was black as midnight and looked tough, like it was made for more than just the road. I wondered if it was custom-made for him because I had never seen anything like it before.
 He lowered his dark glasses from his eyes and paused them at his nose, his eyes glared at me with satisfaction, like he was imagining me in a bikini or something. I looked around for…her.
“Is Jennifer with you?” I blurted out in accusation, regretting it the second it left my mouth.
His blank stare told me that she wasn’t.
“You know Jennifer, right?” I asked a little nicer, trying to make the question sound casual instead of accusing.
“I know the back of her head.” Dean said coldly.
“Well, she’s been missing…” I continued, “…someone mentioned to me that you might know something because you’ve been absent on the same days as her.” I said.
“Someone?” Dean raised his eyebrow. He knew I thought the same thing as this ‘someone’ did. I could tell by the disappointment on his face.
“Well, they asked Shane, but he said he didn’t know where she was.” I added.
“Shane? What does he have to do with this?” he angrily lashed out. “Was he with her last?” he interrogated. I could practically see rage boiling under his skin.
“We saw him with her at the lounge Friday night.” I blurted.
Dean pushed his glasses back into place and swiveled around positioning himself on the bike. “I have to go.” he said in a hurry. And without another glance at me, he drove off, leaving me in a daze of confusion.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
I didn’t see Dean that night when I went out for my run. I had waited by the spring with Zeke, kicking my feet in the water. The cool water was actually soothing and the birds happily chirping let me know that I was the only one there. This place wasn’t as enjoyable as when Dean was there with me. I hated feeling desperate to see him. For all I knew, he could have been the killer vampire Markus thought he was. Vampires…pshh…I might as well have believed in all his other theories if I was going to consider this one. 
It bothered me that Dean reacted the way he did when I told him Jennifer was missing. Maybe he was with her. Jennifer was always after him. Was he worried about her? It couldn’t be. I saw him reject her. Then again…he had been rejecting me for years. Well, my friendship anyway. Maybe it was possible that he was fooling around with her. After all, it wasn’t like I knew him as well as I used to.
It was almost time for the sun to settle, so I took my feet out of the cool water and dusted the grass off of my bottom. It got to the point where I didn’t have to have the leash on Zeke anymore. I supposed he already bonded with me and now he didn’t leave my side. When we made it to my house, we didn’t go inside. The evening was too nice to be indoors, the fresh air was the kind meant for perfect camping in the woods. Or maybe I was hoping Dean would pop up and explain to me why he hadn’t been around. Zeke and I sat on the porch and blankly stared out to the forest behind the houses. It was quite a distance from my home, but I could still see the enormous trees that towered over the houses. The tall bushy silhouette that stood before the moonlight was like a painting in the sky. 
The front door behind me creaked open and out stepped my mother. She was in her plaid pajamas and big tee. She smiled down at me and sat beside Zeke. I’m sure he felt loved, being in between two humans that were patting his head. He laid down in surrender as my mother rubbed his belly.
“Nice night.” she said.
“Yeah. How was your day?” I asked.
“It was okay. I spent most of it worrying about my daughter.” She tilted her head at me and peeked with the corner of her eye. “You’ve been distant lately. One day you’re happy and another…you’re different. Boy problems?” she questioned.
“When isn’t it?” I pouted.
“Anything I can help you with?” She paused, “Is it about Dean?” she asked.
I let out a sigh. “Yup.”
“What is it? Did he hurt you?” she asked.
“No…I just can’t figure him out.” He might be a killer vampire, he might have skipped school with Jennifer, he might like Jennifer, and he might like me.
“That’s how they are unfortunately. Out of all my years of dating, I’ve found that to be the never changing problem.” She reached over and tugged lightly on my ponytail. I turned to her. I had never really paid attention to this, but she was beautiful. Her hair was dark brown with eyes to match (I got the red locks from my dad). There were only a few faint wrinkles around her eyes, but they weren’t noticeable. For a woman of forty five, you’d think she’d look her age. I couldn’t believe my dad left her. All this talk about dating made me realize that she could really get a great guy if she wanted to. “You know what?” she asked with a smile.
“What?” I asked.
She leaned in a bit and said, “They can’t figure us out either.” We both giggled with each other.
We sat there in silence for I didn’t know how long, but it was long enough for darkness to settle. We watched the deer walk around the front yards. Some yards we couldn’t see because their porch lights were turned off.
“I’m going to go inside and lay down. My heads hurting.” she said as she rose up.
“Are you going to bed?” I asked.
She gave me a grin. “Wrath is waiting.”
“Wrath? What’s Wrath?” I asked.
“It’s a new book I started reading. I can’t get my mind off it.” she nodded at herself and went inside.
A small group of deer strolled onto the front yard to eat some grass. Zeke kept his cool next to me. In fact, it seemed he was enjoying the night like I was. One small deer wondered off closer to us, not caring that we were sitting there. I tried not to move so it wouldn’t run off, but it got startled anyway. All the deer from the other yards got startled too, as if they were in sync with each other. They stampeded back to the forest and disappeared into the darkness between the trees. Zeke was growling low in his chest with his head facing far into the street. In my neighborhood, we didn’t have street lamps in front of every other house, so it was hard to see at night. I couldn’t make out what Zeke was staring at. Suddenly, he stood up and leaped in front of me with his eyes still focused on something in the distance. He stuck his chest out in front of him and flared his fangs out. Feet planted in the ground he ferociously snarled. He looked rabid. That’s when I saw the silhouette of a man. I stood up to get a better look. Why didn’t Markus let me keep those binoculars! I hurried inside and called Zeke to come in. He stayed put. I ran back out and cupped my hands on his thighs, pulling as hard as I could until he budged and followed me in. I locked the door and peeped out the window beside it. The figure was gone. The darkness blended with each other. Nothing stood in between. Zeke was calm, it was over. I felt ridiculous. It wasn’t like someone was coming after me or anything. It was just a person standing there. Then why was I so afraid? But then again, it looked like the same figure that I’d seen outside my window at night. 
The next day was the same…no Dean and no Jennifer. Just my madness controlling my thoughts. No matter what I tried, I couldn’t get my mind off of him or our kiss. Over and over I played it in my mind. Then, over and over I played his reaction to Jennifer. Something wasn’t right. I couldn’t figure it out. 
“Don’t think too hard. You might hurt yourself.” Said an alluring voice. The words ran so smoothly off his tongue and into my ears. “You’ve been quiet. Is something wrong?” asked Shane.
I slightly turned to him as we took our seats in Mr. Shapiro’s class. Big mistake. My eyes locked at his perfection. Never had I seen skin so flawless. His eyes were soft and inviting. Extremely inviting. I started to feel drugged again, so I turned my head from him and shook it off. 
“Ha ha.” I dryly said. “Don’t you have a mirror to go stare at?” 
“Ouch.” his smile was wicked. 
“Sorry.” I said. “I shouldn’t have.”
“Sorry? Are you truly sorry?” he asked.
“Umm…yeah?” I said with strange doubt.
“Then maybe you owe me. Wouldn’t you agree?” He hinted. His eyes found mine trying to convince me to do whatever they asked.
A couple of students blocked our view of each other as they found their way to their desks. As soon as they cleared, “Owe you what? What are you talking about?” I asked.
“How about a date to make up for your mockery of my confidence?” he suggested.
“A date?” I couldn’t. I shouldn’t. What about Dean? I regrettably looked down and shook my head. “No thanks.”
“No?” He paused. “Do you already have a boyfriend?” He asked as if he honestly wanted to know the answer.
I didn’t know. I knew that there were feelings for Dean, strong feelings. I knew or at least thought he felt the same way. But that was it.
“No. I don’t. It’s just that…I’m busy.” I lied.
Mr. Shapiro lowered his head in between us to cut us off from our conversation. Again, I snapped out of the trance. Everyone around us was quiet. The final bell had already rung. I didn’t know when, because I didn’t hear it. Everyone watched as Mr. Shapiro made his way to the front of the class.
After classes were almost over, I headed for my locker to grab my mace. We weren’t allowed to carry any kind of weapon around, but since I was contemplating on ditching sixth hour and walking home, I grabbed it. When I shut the metal door to the locker, I jumped a little when I saw Shane leaning against the lockers beside mine. I didn’t notice him there earlier because the door was blocking him.
I looked around to see if he was with someone, but everyone was busy running around and gossiping. No one was with Shane. Was he here for me? My eyes landed back on him and I couldn’t help but take him in; the way he leaned so elegantly on the lockers behind him. No, scratch that. It wasn’t elegance…it was…seductive. Like he was some sort of sex icon in a school full of amateurs. His thumbs were hanging off his pockets and he had a foot resting on the surface behind him. His body language radiated pure confidence. By the look of his smile, he could tell I was noticing him.
“Surprised to see me?” Shane asked.
“Umm yeah…actually.” I said, still not believing he was standing there.
“We didn’t finish our conversation earlier.” Shane stated with a slight hint of disappointment.
“There was more to talk about?” I asked.
“Let’s see…” He raised his long white fingers and pointed his index finger up. “there was me asking you out.” Then, he raised his middle finger, “You rejecting me.” He smiled as if he didn’t believe that part himself. Then he raised his ring finger to join the other two. “Then there’s me convincing you that you’ll have the best time of your life with me.” Shane lowered his hand and planted his other foot on the ground. Then he turned to me, leaning his arm against the locker as he got close to my face. His face looked determined and focused. His lips were motionless, just sitting beautifully on his face. Then, a corner curved up wickedly. “And then,” He paused. His hand found my chin and gently raised my face closer to his. “we’ll live happily ever after.” he uttered smoothly. 
Even though I felt as if I were in some kind of trance, I couldn’t help but laugh. I stepped away and tried to compose myself for his benefit. 
Shane looked baffled, like no one had ever laughed at one of his pick up lines. “Why are you laughing?” he asked with extreme curiosity.
“Sorry! I just-” I stopped laughing and straightened myself up. “That was one lame pick up line.” I struggled to say while holding in my laughter.
The first bell rang and the halls started clearing up. I had forgotten that Shane and I weren’t the only people in the hallway. 
“I better go before the next bell. Hall monitors.” I said as I rolled my eyes. I walked away and I turned to see if he was still there so I could say bye with a wave of my hand. He was staring at me. It wasn’t the same as Dean would give me. I could always feel Dean’s eyes boring into me. Shane’s was different, subtle. It didn’t seem like there was anything else to it, just a curious stare.
I was able to ditch sixth period without getting caught. I didn’t want to be next to an empty seat. Two empty seats. I took the long walk home. When I reached the neighborhood, from a distance, I saw Dean’s bike parked in front of his old house. The one his parents got murdered in. I jogged a little until I reached it. I peeked through the windows. All I could see were webs and dust. There was broken furniture scattered everywhere like a rave hit the house. Flashes of what happened that night went through my mind. My eyes started watering as his parents reeled through my head. And when I pictured Dean standing over his mother’s body, I saw him dead too. And it hurt.
There was no sign of Dean. I walked around the house to the backyard. The gate was slightly opened. I tip toed to it and peeked my head in. I remembered this back yard in my head. The luscious lemon tree was in the middle of the yard. It was surrounded by ivy blanketing the ground below it and climbing up its trunk. It looked like a tree with a dress. The lavenders lead to it from the house, with a stone walkway in between them. There were flowers of every color imaginable bordering the whole yard along the brick walls. Every spot that didn’t have a flower had luscious green grass growing from the ground. Even as kids, we never stepped foot on that grass. It wasn’t because we weren’t allowed to, to us, it was always too beautiful to be on. We didn’t want to ruin anything. Instead we would hang out on the porch after dinner and a lot of the times we wouldn’t talk. The sun would go down and we would lie on the porch and look up at the stars trying to make each other guess which one we were looking at. 
As quickly as that beautiful memory came, it left, leaving behind sadness. Everything was now dead. The dried up lemon tree looked like a fire hazard. Corpses of the once bright and beautiful flowers lay crushed against the ground all over the yard. Not even weeds grew in this graveyard. And there Dean was, standing beside the tree with his head down. Even in the light, he looked so dark and full of pain. I could see his broken heart crumbling to pieces before me. He turned to me very slowly. His eyes were sunken in. But when his eyes met mine, they glistened like the sparkling water from a creek top. He tried controlling his smile, but it broke through. His perfect teeth sparkled against the sun. It was Dean, the real Dean. 
I ran to him and he tightly wrapped his arms around me. If he hadn’t held on so tight I would have melted to the floor. I wrapped my arms around his waist and pressed my hands on his back. He felt tense, like he’d been going through a lot. His heart was pounding against the palm of my hand. It felt like a small child was punching at it. That’s when I noticed, my heart was doing the same. It was pounding against him. I wondered if he could feel it too. I rested my head against his chest so I could hear it. It was a small reminder that he really was alive inside, even though he didn’t show it too often. I remembered how hard it was pounding the night he carried me after saving me from Ayden. 
Without saying a word and without letting another second pass, he gently brushed my hair behind my ears, grabbed my cheeks with each hands, and kissed my forehead. Then a light one on my eye and trailed down to my neck. The ones on my neck sent shivers that seemed out of control up my spine. He left behind damp spots from the kisses that gave me goose bumps as the quick breathing from his mouth hit the spots. His kisses were tender and full of meaning. I loved them, no matter where his lips landed, I cherished every one. I was sure he cherished every part he kissed. I’d been kissed by guys before, but never like this. They never really meant anything to me. I felt I needed Dean’s touch to survive. I needed him near me to retain my sanity. His lips parted against mine. The passion burned my lips and sent an intense rush throughout my entire body. I no longer felt the ground beneath me. He had picked me up to reach his height without much effort. I wrapped my legs around his waist to help him with the load and rested my arms on his shoulders. He didn’t release his hold on me. I was sure of that because his shoulder muscles were flexed under my hands. He kissed me like he was sure to lose me. Like he knew we were destined to not be together. Strangely, I felt the same. I felt I would lose him. I felt like none of this was real, that this was all an illusion in my head that would soon fade away.
And that was when it hit me. It had always been there, but I never realized it. I was in love with Dean. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
After recuperating from the kiss, Dean walked me home. He never came inside, even with my constant invites. He would just kiss my forehead and leave, every time. Tonight I was determined to have him come inside and say hello to my mom. She would have been glad to see him. When we were younger, Dean would always come over to eat her freshly made chocolate chip cookies. Sometimes, he’d be standing by the stove, ready to catch a fresh batch. He liked the other deserts she made, but those were always his favorite.
“Please come inside.” I insisted. “My mom would love to see you.” I gently tugged at his arm, not really able to pull him. I pouted, like I did with Markus, when I really wanted something.
It didn’t work.
“I’ll see you tomorrow.” Dean said as he lowered to kiss me on the forehead.
“At school? You don’t even show up anymore.” I said accusingly, hoping to get some sort of an answer from him.
Dean ignored me and threw a sexy smile my way. I couldn’t believe that smile was for me. I imagined myself kissing those lips. He swiveled around and walked towards the sidewalk with a smooth stagger. Then he stopped and turned to face me. Slowly he headed my way as he rubbed the back of his head. He looked like he was contemplating on telling me something.
“Tomorrow-” Dean reached for my hands and pulled me up against him setting my arms around him. Then he wrapped his arms around my waist. “Can you do something for me?” He asked as he put his face up against mine, almost touching. His eyes were wide with hope.
“What?” My question sounded more like the answer ‘yes.’ 
“Instead of going to school…can you meet me at the waterfall?” Dean asked as his eyes lingered around my lips.
“What do you mean? You want me to skip school? But I-”
“It’s not like you miss a lot of days. You haven’t missed one since last school year.” Dean pointed out. This time his eyes were on mine, with an adventurous gleam. It was like when we were kids and he was convincing me to do something crazy with him. They were also bright like they used to be. His eyes were no longer sunken into a lonesome darkness.
“How would you know?” I asked, cocking my head.
“You missed yearbook picture day last year.” Dean’s eyes got more intense, like they had some sort of connection to my own eyes that I could feel. “Come on Lina…do you really think I barely started crushing on you?”
A swarm of butterflies crashed against my stomach. The throbbing pain felt good. More than good, it was a scary kind. Like when you go on a rollercoaster ride and you feel excitement and joy followed by the rushes. Right now…I was on that ride.
“You’ve been crushing on me?” I sighed.
Dean gazed at me for a moment and looked away as his lip curled up. A silent yes.
“You called me Lina. After so many years, you still call me that.” I breathed out in appreciation.
“I know.” Dean said lovingly.
“My middle name.” I smirked. “You know my dad picked that name out.” I informed.
“Do you wish for me to stop calling you that?” Dean asked with tremendous concern.
“No it’s fine. I like it.” I reached up and softly set my hand on his cheek. A smile I didn’t command formed on my face. “You’re the only one that calls me that. It’s special to me.”
“So? Will you?” Dean asked nicely, a tone he would never use on anyone else.
Without being able to deny him, I shook my head in surrender. An illuminating smile spread on his face. He had amazing teeth. They were clean, white, and straight. A dentist would be in awe at the site. He would follow by patting Dean on the back for a job well done. Dean kissed me on the forehead and walked away, into the darkness of the neighborhood street.
The next morning, I pretended to get ready for school. I wasn’t sure what Dean had planned. I didn’t think he would want to spend the whole day at the waterfall. Being prepared with a bikini sounded like a good idea though, I threw it in my book bag. I decided to wear something casual. Some white shorts and a red tank top would do. It was a little humid out, so I put the top half part of my hair up. I could always put the rest of it up if it got uncomfortable. As I stared at myself in the mirror, I wondered what else I would do with myself. And an answer that had never crossed my mind was amazingly the only one I could come up with.
Nothing.
I would do nothing with my face. No make-up, just like Dean liked it. I slipped on my white K-Swiss shoes and grabbed my book bag. I felt bad when I walked past my mom as if I were headed to school. She trusted me and I was totally lying to her without even saying a word. I said bye and walked out the front door. As soon as I stepped out, I began to shake. A rush softly whooshed with the rhythm of my heart. I had never felt this nervous before meeting up with Dean. What exactly did he have planned for us? I knew that every time Tanya would ditch school to be with a boy, she would always go a little further then kissing. Did Dean have something like that planned for us?
Markus was parked out front. I had forgotten to call him and let him know I wasn’t going to school today. I walked up to the driver’s side of the car and he rolled down his window. 
“What’s up?” Markus asked casually.
“I forgot to tell you…I’m not going to school today.” I said as I knelt down to the opened window.
“Why?” Markus asked.
“I’m just-”
“Hi Markus!” My mom was waving from the open door.
Markus stuck his arm out and waved back. In that moment, I acted like I was already headed for the passenger seat as if my mom’s appearance had nothing to do with it. I opened the door and slid casually in the seat. Markus put the car in reverse to get out of the driveway and we drove off.
“Did you notice anything when you got in?” Markus asked with a proud smile.
“What? Another accidental haircut?” I teased.
“You should really pay more attention to details Mindy. You might figure things out on your own.” Markus said.
“What are you talking about?” I asked unsure of where this was headed.
“Take me for instance; I knew you were ditching before you told me because of the bookless bag with a bikini string hanging out that you’re carrying.” Markus pointed out. “And you ditched sixth hour yesterday.”
I felt my bag without looking down at it. It was empty and I didn’t even realize it before. The only thing in it was a pink flowered bikini that didn’t even add to the weight of the bag.
“You missed it yesterday.” He said with excitement. It was the kind of excitement that came with gossip.
“What?” I asked, hoping he would forget about me ditching.
“After school, I was in the hallway with Tanya right. Shane was looking for you and out of nowhere-” 
“Wait a minute…Shane? Shane was looking for me?” I asked.
“Yeah. And then Ashley comes out and-”
“What did he say?” I interrupted yet again. I still couldn’t believe that Shane was looking for me again, even after I laughed in his face and turned him down. He was still interested? In what? It didn’t seem like he liked me. None of this made sense.
“Are you serious? That’s not even the juicy part.” Markus huffed out.
“A hot guy goes looking for me and you don’t think that’s juicy?” I asked.
“Fine. He asked if you were around. I told him you weren’t and then he walked away.” Markus turned and made sure I looked at him. He imitated a girly giggle and waved his hands close to his chest, like a girl that just got asked to prom by a popular guy. Then, with a girly scream, he said, “Oh my God!”
“Whatever!” I giggled while lightly shoving his shoulder.
“Can I finish now?” Markus paused and after I nodded in agreement, he continued with the gossip. “So, he’s walking away right. And out of nowhere Ashley jumps in front of him and smacks him across the face!”
“What! You’re kidding me!” I screeched out. 
“Yeah and then she started yelling stuff at him. Some crazy stuff.” Markus said.
“Like what?” I asked.
“All I could make out was…’I know what you did to Jennifer’.” Markus paused and he looked like he was trying to search a meaning in that. “Then he silenced her. He raised his hand up and she stopped yelling. He said…‘I did nothing to her. You were mistaken-’ ” 
“Then what?” I interrupted…again!
“Would you let me finish!” Markus snapped.
“Sorry! Geesh!” I said.
“She repeated it back to him. She said…‘You did nothing to her’. I was mistaken.’ ” Markus said. “It was weird. The way she said it was zombie like. Like she was-”
“Hypnotized.” I finished what Markus was saying. Hypnotized by Shane, that’s how I usually felt around him. I remembered the first time I met him, how I felt I couldn’t function. I felt way too drawn to him for being the first time I met him.
“Yeah. Then she turned around and walked away.”
“Vampires use that kind of stuff don’t they?” I asked without really thinking about what I was saying.
Markus took a deep breath. “So, where are you going?” He asked, disregarding my question.
“Don’t you know?” I challenged. “A good detective should have some idea.” Maybe he just didn’t feel like talking about the whole vampire theory right now. I’d leave it alone…for now.
“I’m not a psychic.” Markus shot back. Then he smirked followed by a long pause, “You’re meeting Dean aren’t you?” he asked.
“What makes you think that?” I asked defensively.
“Okay. Okay…you’re not.” Markus rolled his eyes like he was just saying that to calm me down.
We were approaching the entrance I always used to get to the waterfall. Something looked different about it. Something odd that I couldn’t put my finger on.
“Pull up here.” I pointed.
“Why?” Markus asked.
“Just do it.” I said.
He slowly parked the car out of the road and turned to me. I went for the door handle and he called my attention.
“Mindy.” Markus said as he shifted nervously in his seat.
“Yeah?” I asked.
“I-I’ve been meaning to tell you something.” Markus huffed out. “I don’t think I should. I know I shouldn’t.” he blurted.
He re-adjusted himself in his seat and gazed at me. He looked away and tried to alleviate the situation by making beep bop noises with his mouth and drumming his thumbs on the steering wheel. I’d never seen him like this. Oh no. Did he-?
“Uh oh. Don’t tell me you’ve had a secret crush on me!” I shrieked.
“What! God no!” Markus made a face of disgust. “I’m not into red heads. And you smell like coconuts.” He stuck out his tongue and pretended to gag himself with his index finger.
“Well forget you then!” I exclaimed and folded my arms across my chest in an attempt to cover up my humiliation. “What do you need to tell me?” I asked harshly.
“Nothing.” Markus chuckled. “Let’s just forget this. I have to go before you make me late.” He nodded his head to shake the incident off and put the car in drive. I opened the door and as I stepped out, I noticed that I didn’t need his help with it. I popped my head inside the car.
“You fixed your door!” I exclaimed.
“Now you’re paying attention to things.” Markus said proudly. “Mindy-” He paused. “Be careful when you’re with Dean.” his tone got serious.
“You know about him? And me?” I asked.
“It’s obvious.” He paused. “Well…to me it is. Tanya doesn’t suspect a thing.”
“Are you mad? I know you think he’s a murderous vampire-”
“Forget about all that.” Markus interrupted me.
“Ummm…I kind of don’t want people knowing about this.” I said. “It’s just that, I don’t even know if we’re dating or not. I don’t want anyone to know until its official.”
“That sucks. I was dying to tell everyone about your secret rendezvous.” Markus turned to me. “I won’t say a word.”
“I take it, you don’t want to talk about the whole vampire thing either huh?” I asked.
Markus stared at me and from the look on his face, he was thinking about what the right thing to say would have been. Why he was acting this way was beyond me. Before, he was obsessed with finding out what Dean was up to. His theories and anything that involved Dean, was something he would always wanted to talk about with me. 
From the stare of contemplation that was directed at me Markus said, “Just be careful when you’re with him.”
“What are you talking about?” I asked.
“Things aren’t always what they seem.” Markus took a deep breath and faced straight ahead. “You have to be careful with him.” he added.
“What are you trying to say?” I asked.
“Nothing-it’s just.” Markus let out a loud sigh. “Never mind.”
Without saying another word, he slowly crept the car forward, careful not to run over my foot. When he was in the clear, he sped off.
 
 
 
 
 

 
The words Markus said, ‘be careful when you’re with him,’ played in my head. I couldn’t comprehend why he would say something like that or why he wouldn’t explain himself. 
I decided to ask Dean about himself. There were too many questions. I wasn’t sure if I would even get any answers, but that wasn’t going to stop me from trying.
As I got closer to the waterfall, I heard the crisp splashing of the pouring water. That sound was enough to ease my discomfort by one notch. Just one. But what I saw next had me on edge. Dean was standing next to his motorcycle. He had a purple helmet in one hand and it didn’t look like it was for him. I had never ridden on a motorcycle. I had never known a person with one. I also didn’t like the idea of being so close to the pavement at high speeds. Dean didn’t look like he brought any protection for himself. He was wearing a black sleeveless shirt that hugged his round pecks and roped stomach. His navy blue shorts had splashes of black flowers all over them. His face was radiating with pleasure. I got goose bumps because he looked so happy to see me. He wasn’t scary anymore.
“What’s the motorcycle for?” I asked as I strolled up to him. 
Dean pulled me up to him and kissed my lips. “We’re going for a ride.” He brought the helmet up and carefully adjusted it on my head. I gazed at his eyes, they were like two sparkling emeralds looking down at me. 
As he released me, it seemed like he was tearing himself away from me unwillingly. In one swift movement, he hopped on the bike and kicked the kickstand into its socket. Dean steadied the bike. I couldn’t stand still as he gazed at me. I was fidgeting uncomfortably hoping he wouldn’t regret telling me he liked me without makeup. A smile formed on his face.
“You’re beautiful.” Dean said while stretching his hand out to me.
Every time those words danced out of his mouth, I felt like the most beautiful girl in the world. I floated to him, even though the thought of being on a motorcycle for the first time scared me. He held me steady with his arm as I climbed up behind him. And when I said steady, I meant it. It didn’t move as I put my weight on it to hop up, not even a centimeter. I adjusted myself on the seat and stuffed my book bag in the small bike compartment.  
Dean turned his head to the side. “Hold onto me tightly.” he commanded.
Hold on to him. Got it. So, I lifted my shaky arms and set my hands on his sides. The urge to wrap my arms completely around him was strong. Was it okay to do it? Would I be too forward? I hesitated and finally just kept my hands in the safe zone at his sides.
“Tighter.” Dean said softly as if he were hoping I would do it.
I gladly did. I didn’t set my hand on top of the other when my arms wrapped all around his waist. I made sure to touch as much of him as possible. I pressed my hands against a big section of his stomach muscles and melted into his back. Talk about paradise.
We took off at a low speed through the forest. Dean seemed to know how to navigate to different areas of town that way. Not even a mile away from leaving the water fall, I saw an animal lying on the grassy floor in the distance. It was a dear. We came closer to it and Dean started picking up speed.
     “What’s wrong with that deer?” I thought out loud.
“Nature.” Dean said firmly.
“Stop! Maybe it’s still alive!” I exclaimed.
Dean ignored me and passed it. I let go and pounded his solid back. He slowed down to a stop.
“You can’t just let go like that! You can fall-” Dean yelled.
Before he could finish, I was already jumping off the motorcycle and hurrying towards the deer. My stomach queezed as I approached the peaceful animal. It was motionless and there was a patch of blood around its neck. It came from four small openings. This was the strangest bite mark I’d ever seen. Dean was calling me back to the bike, but I ignored him. His heavy steps came quickly.
“What could have done this?” I covered my mouth to keep from vomiting. The facial expression of the deer was frozen in place. Its eyes were wide open, like it saw something unbelievable before it died. It was terrified at whatever attacked it. And that’s when I looked around the forest. I realized why it seemed so different today. No birds singing and jumping from branch to branch. I didn’t see the squirrels darting across the grassy floors and up the trees. Everything was still and silent. Whatever killed this poor deer must have scared the whole forest away.
“Get away from it Lina. Let’s go.” Dean ordered quickly. He reached down and helped me to my feet. 
“What could have done that?” I wondered again out loud.
“Forget about the deer. Let’s get going. Okay?” Dean insisted.
I shook his hold on me and stepped away. “Don’t you care?”
“No, I don’t. Let’s go.” Dean said sternly.
“I don’t understand why you don’t care Dean!” I yelled.
“Big deal. It’s a deer. They die.” Dean said through his clenched teeth.
“We used to bury dead birds together. You remember that? Where’s your compassion?” I snapped back. 
“I’m not a kid anymore Lina. Deer die all the time. Everything dies. It’s best to just get over it.” Dean said. But the way he said it was so sad. It was like he had convinced himself that death was a sure thing. That it was inevitable. I knew that was what death was. But, he sounded like he thought about death all the time. Then I thought of his parents and felt sorry for snapping at him. 
Again, he stepped up to me and gently grabbed me by the shoulders, leading me to the bike. I stood next to it, waiting for him to get on, when I felt his hands on the sides of my stomach. Dean was standing so close behind me that I felt as if his body was up against mine. I anticipated him to press against me so I could feel the full effect of what I was already experiencing. My breathing quickened as the nano-seconds ticked by. Then his hands maneuvered their way down my sides. His long fingers explored me. They were spread out and feeling every inch as they slowly made their way down to my hips. I silently gasped as he grabbed my hips tightly and lifted me off the ground. He softly set me down on the back seat and grazed his hand up my back as he moved away. When he sat himself down in front of me, he turned his head. “Please don’t let go when I’m driving.” He asked. I nodded my head, with my jaw dropped, and we were off again. 
At first, Dean eased on the gas at a low and comfortable speed. I was relieved about that, since it was my first time on a bike. After a short while, Dean picked up the pace. He didn’t ease into a faster speed either. He more liked jumped to another level! I gripped him tighter and pressed myself against him more. I kept my eyes open because I didn’t want to miss a thing. The trees passed by us quickly one after another. My hair trailed behind me, playing tango with the wind. I slightly loosened my grip on Dean. Immediately after, he jumped the speed again. I reflexively gripped him tightly again. That’s when I felt his stomach shake. It wasn’t from the ride, because it was a smooth one. It was coming from within him. He was laughing at me. Dean jumped the speed again and I automatically gripped him even tighter. And I felt the shaking underneath my fingers again. He laughed when I would grip tighter. He was teasing me. I shook my head to what I just realized and I tried pinching a part of his skin to let him know I was on to him.
It didn’t take us long to get to the entrance of The Blue Hole. I thought back to the deer, never had I seen such marks. Regular animals didn’t make puncture wounds like that. It just wasn’t normal. Dean didn’t seem like he cared too much…or he didn’t want to talk about it. Something had sucked the blood right out of the deer. And why didn’t Dean want me to see it? He was eager for me to get away from it.
We drove down the winding street trail, past the neighborhood houses. The pet cemetery was to our right. It had to have been here before the houses. Why would they even have one where kids played? Passing it gave me a creepy feeling that made my skin crawl. It reminded me about a movie I saw about a pet cemetery, which left an impression on me when I was a child. I never watched it again out of fear.
We slowly drove by the river. It was a natural spring with a man made barrier across the center. On one side the water was deep. The water cascaded over the other side of the barrier. It looked like a calm waterfall landing in a creek. A child was playing in the shallow side. He looked a little over five years old. He splashed his feet in the water as he walked in it with a long stick at hand. The stick had string hanging off the tip of it, a child-made fishing pole. I searched for a parent, but there wasn’t anyone else around. Although the shallow water didn’t cause a threat to him, he still shouldn’t have been around it alone.
We drove past the barrier and headed up the hill to the seating area. There were many benches with grills beside them scattered along the waterside. Some were shaded with enormous trees and others were in the direct sunlight. Dean chose one in the sunlight.
“Can we go to one of the shaded ones?” I asked while blocking my eyes from the sun. 
“You want to be in the shade.” Dean stated and scanned the ones that were in the shade. After he paused and thought about it, he agreed and took me and the bike to one. 
I liked the one he picked. It was just one bench seat, a trash can, and a grill. As soon as he stopped the bike, I jumped off, just missing his extended arm to help me down. Ooops. I needed to get used to that whole gentlemen stuff coming from him. He nodded his head and reached into one of his cubbies. I took in the scenery. Green, green, and some more green. Everywhere you looked, there were enormous green trees. Some had ivy crawling up the trunks. There was luscious grass blanketing the ground everywhere. I loved Texas!
Dean set down a paper bag on the bench top then walked over to the grill. He picked up a stick from the floor and poked at the charcoal at the bottom of the grill. There were a few pieces that were still intact. He pulled a small matchbox from his shorts and threw a lit match in. The small flame ignited the coal. Dean came back to the bench and opened the bag. I observed him quietly. He pulled out a tiny tin the size of my fist and set it down on the table. The next thing he pulled out was a bag of Hershey’s kisses. Dean began peeling off the foil wrappings of my temptation. His hands were quick, I would have asked him if he needed help, but I would’ve just fumbled on the wrapping and made a fool of myself and possibly slow down the process. 
Every kiss he unwrapped, he threw in the tin. When he filled it up with chocolate, he took it over to the grill. The flame had died down a little by this time. Dean set the tin on the grill and walked back to me and sat down. 
     I took this opportunity to ask him some questions about himself. I felt so left behind from the years that had passed by us. I needed to catch up.
“You live with your aunt right?” I asked.
Dean set his elbows on the table top and cupped one fist in the other palm. His gaze was boring into me. “I live with my aunt.” he stated.
“How come I’ve never seen her around? This is a small town, I usually bump into everyone from time to time.” I said.
“She’s out of town most of the time, on business. She only stays a couple of days out of the week if she has a chance. I do all the shopping. There’s no need for her to leave the house.” Dean said quickly. Then he waited.
I heard a woman yell out a name. Daniel I think it was? I turned to find a woman stomping across the creek to where the little boy was playing. She was telling him, he wasn’t supposed to be out there by himself. She yelled out a few more things to the boy that I couldn’t make out. Then she pointed to the trees and what I heard put me on alert. She shouted very clearly, as if it were an announcement that Dean and I were supposed to hear. She said, ‘there are monsters in the shadows.’ Then she dragged the boy away.
Dean kept his gaze on me. He let out a huff, as if he knew some more questions were coming his way. They definitely were. 
“Something is strange.” I wrinkled my forehead. “It’s off somehow.” I thought out loud. He waited for a question, but I couldn’t conjure one up at the moment. I wasn’t sure where to start. I chose one that seemed easy.
“Why do you always send me home when it starts to get dark?” I asked.
“Look what happened last time you were alone in the dark,” Dean continued, “some ass-hole tried to hurt you.” he said through his teeth.
“How did you find me?” I asked.
“Anyone could have heard you screaming. I wasn’t out there for a particular reason if that’s what you’re implying.” Dean snapped.
“But you were there. Out in the forest. Why?” I asked.
“Next question.” Dean said.
“One time,” I hesitated, “one time I saw you at The Impulse. You were in the alley with some big sword. There was a couple there.” I couldn’t believe I was asking him this. Here goes. “Did you use the sword on them?” I asked.
“No. I don’t go around hurting people with a sword Lina.” Dean said sharply.
People…he said people. “But what about vampires?” I blurted wanting to suck the ridiculous question back in.
“What?” Dean asked.
“Do you…uh…use it on vampires?” I softly asked hoping he didn’t hear the question.
“Are you really going to play a game of twenty questions with me or are you going to enjoy the day I have planned for us?” Dean asked. There wasn’t annoyance on his face, it was more like worry. Like he was afraid to answer my questions. 
Dean reached into the bag and pulled out a spoon. Then he rose up and walked over to the grill to check on the chocolate. After stirring for a couple of minutes, he grabbed the tin and brought it over to the table. The melted chocolate reached my nose. Dean pulled out a zip lock bag with strawberries in it. The stems were already cut and they looked moist, like he washed them before placing them in the bag. Dean pulled a small paper plate out of the bag and pushed it aside. He set the plate down, dipped a strawberry in the chocolate, and placed it on the plate. He continued with the rest of the strawberries and finally looked up at me when he was finished.
“Wow. They look delicious.” I said while reaching for one. They were already cooled down, but the chocolate was still melted. I didn’t want to wait for them to harden. As I chewed on the first bite, the melted chocolate swirled with the juice of the strawberry, taking over my mouth. When I finished that first bite, my mouth watered for the next. I had lost myself in the flavor. When I finished, I looked at Dean and noticed he hadn’t taken a bite of one. He was gazing at me with a smile.
“What? Are you going to watch me stuff my face?” I asked him wondering why he hadn’t reached for one.
“It’s not like I haven’t done it before.” Dean gave a sexy chuckle.
Had he been serious? He has watched me stuff my face at school? Crap! What if I was being really sloppy!
“Did you know about your O.C.D.?” Dean asked.
“O.C.D.?” I tilted my head to the side. What was he talking about?
“You have a particular way of eating.” Dean said with a smile.
“I chew my food just like everyone else. What are you talking about? I don’t have an O.C.D.” I said.
“You pick at your food and eat at equal portions. Like, when you eat a salad. You pick at it with your fork so that you have one of each item. A cucumber, a tomato, and a couple of lettuce pieces. And when there are no more equal portions, you stop eating.” Dean chuckled. 
“Wha-” My jaw dropped. I wasn’t sure if it was because of this weird discovery. I did recall doing that with my food, but it came naturally to me and I never realized what I was doing exactly. Or was it because it seemed that Dean knew every detail about me and had been watching me for some time when I thought I didn’t exist to him?
To change the subject, “So, are you going to eat some strawberries?” I asked.
“No.” Dean said with ease.
“Why not?” I asked while reaching for another one.
“I’m on a diet.” Dean said.
“So am I.” Before I placed the strawberry in my mouth I continued, “You better eat one before I start asking questions about your special diet.” I bit half of the strawberry and chewed roughly as I dared him with my eyes.
Dean stared back with a challenge in his eyes. Without breaking gaze with me, he grabbed a strawberry and plopped the whole thing in his mouth. He was chewing it slowly as it rested tightly on the inside of one of his cheeks. His jaw muscles were working at it. Usually, it was kind of gross watching a guy eat. There was the chewing sound, the smacking, it wasn’t something that I liked watching. But with Dean…the way I could see the skin of his cheek formed around the food and the way his jaw muscles were working together to eliminate the food was…well…cute. His eyes were still on me. When he swallowed, his eyes smiled. Being with him and seeing that happiness in him filled me with peace.
“Where were you going to take me?” I asked.
“After we eat, I’m planning on taking you to the Space Cavern. I heard you say you wanted to go there.” Dean said quickly.
Markus was telling me the other day that the Space Cavern had been closed for a couple of weeks. A dead body was found down there. He said her arms and her neck were mangled. Why would Dean want to take me there if there was going to be no one around? A quiver of fear shot through me. The woman they found down there, she had puncture wounds on her. They didn’t describe them with detail, but I was betting they were the same as the deer’s I found. Was that why Markus said to be careful while I was with him? Was Dean really a vampire? No. Impossible! Okay…breathe! Breathe!
We both exchanged looks in silence. I studied his eyes, the green in his eyes were sometimes so dark they looked nearly black. On other days, like today, they glittered like a lit up Christmas tree. He was strong enough to punch through brick walls. I never saw him around at night. When I did, he was (according to Markus) making people (or vampires) disappear. 
I let out a huff and forced a smile. “You’re a vampire.” I stated.
Dean tilted his chin up and smiled. “I have no fangs.” he said through his teeth.
I examined the glistening white canines. They were normal, just like mine. “You retract them when you don’t need them.” I said.
Dean moved across the table and put his face up to mine. His mouth was a torturous breath away from my own. “Then why haven’t I sucked your blood Lina?” He whispered right before pressing his soft lips against mine. Then he inched towards my neck and lingered his lips on my pulse. His soft breathing tickled my skin and triggered a chill that shot up my spine. My blood jumped to a rush and began to throb for him. If he were a vampire, I swear I’d let him suck me. “Why aren’t I biting you right now?” He whispered. It took everything I had in me not to melt into the bench and land as a puddle on the ground.
“There! That! You see what you did?” I exclaimed and pointed at him with accusation.
Dean pulled back and sat back down, cocked his head and raised his eyebrow.
“You vampires are known to hypnotize us humans! That’s why I always feel like I’m floating around you!” I leaned forward crossing my arms and setting my elbows on the table. I smiled and awaited his reply.
“I do that to you?” Dean asked in a whimper. He blissfully smiled and looked down at the table to hide it. He blushed as he looked back up at me.
“I don’t want to come off as strong, but do you watch me at night?” I asked.
Immediately his smile disappeared and a pressed line took its place. “What do you mean?”
“Well, every time you send me home, eventually I look out the window and see someone standing there.”
Dean shot up. “Why haven’t you told me about this?” He snapped.
“I don’t know. I didn’t think much of it. I just thought it was coincidental. For all I know it could be someone going for a walk. Forget I said anything.” I snapped back.
“Lina! It could be a-” Dean stopped and took a breath.
“A what? A vampire?” I teased.
“I’m done with this. I’m taking you back.” Dean spat out while walking to the grill. He scooped up some dirt with his hand and threw it in the dying flame. It was scary how pensive he was as he stared down at the smoke. It was as if he had an important decision to make. One that wasn’t easy.
Once again…I was left with no answers.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
I asked Dean to drop me off at school since lunch was about to start. My mom worked at home, so showing up in the middle of the day when I was supposed to be at school wouldn’t have been good. I waited at our bench outside of the cafeteria doors for Markus and Tanya. The bell rang. After a while of watching students pour out of the double doors with trays in their hands, Markus finally appeared. 
“Sorry I’m late.” Markus said while sliding onto the bench next to me. This time, he didn’t have a plate full of food from the cafeteria. He pulled out a shake and a tuna fish sandwich out of a brown paper bag. “I had to-uh make a phone call.” Then he stumbled onto the fact that I was there. “Wait a minute. Didn’t you ditch? What are you doing here?”
I shrugged my shoulders in a way that gave off my answer. The answer being, next question. “What’s up with the new diet? Since when did you care about health?” I asked while pointing at his protein shake.
“If I want to be a good detective, I have to be in shape.” Markus said confidently as if he were already lined up for a job and was preparing himself for it.
“Speaking of detective…how’s your case going?” I did an air quote when I said ‘case’.
“Case.” Markus repeated as if he didn’t know what I was talking about.
“Yeah.” I knocked on an invisible door in the air. “Hellllo? The whole Dean being a vampire and all. What’s gotten into you?” I questioned.
“Oh that. I was just babbling. You know how I’m superstitious. I guess I got that from my crazy grandpa.” Markus muttered before taking a bite of his sandwich. I’ve met that grouchy old man, now he was truly crazy, but not Markus.
“What about you telling me to be careful around Dean? What did you mean by that if you don’t believe in vampires all of a sudden?” I spat out.
“Just some friendly advice from a friend. You going to drink that water? I want to wash down the tuna and shake.” Markus slightly stuck out his tongue and crinkled his nose as he reached for my drink. I gave him the ‘yes’ by absent mindedly nodding my head.
I couldn’t believe what was happening. I didn’t get any answers from Dean and now Markus was not acting like himself. I mean, he was still Markus, but to forget about everything that had been going on wasn’t like him.  We went on a stake out. He had his theories. He even warned me about being around Dean. I felt so alone, like I had no one to lean on. So many questions swirled around in my head that I felt like it was going to explode. How would I be able to find out about Dean if I didn’t have Markus to help?
“Guess who!” Two hands cupped around my eyes. The smacking of bubble gum followed by the delicious smell of strawberry flavor caught my attention.
“Tanya!” I brought the small hands down and threw her a smile. “Where have you been? I feel like I haven’t seen you in forever.”
Tanya happily sat in front of me trying to hide her smile. “Blake and I hooked up.” The smile she was forcing back broke through as she caught someone’s view across campus. 
“Wait a minute. Hooked up? You mean you and him-”
“No!” Tanya said immediately. Then she gave a mischievous smile. “Well not yet at least.”
“When did he ask you out?” I asked.
“Earlier this week. You’ve been too busy daydreaming to notice my absence.” Tanya stated.
“Oh. Sorry about that.” With guilt, I put my head down.
“So? Who is it?” Tanya asked.
“No one.” I felt my cheeks get warm.
“Well, I’ll find out soon enough. But get this…” Tanya scanned the area around us like she was going to tell us a top secret fact. “They finally revealed who that girl was in the Space Cavern.”
Markus and I gasped and leaned our heads closer to her to get the scoop. “Who?” We asked at the same time.
“Jennifer Freemire.” Tanya whispered.
Nausea filled me when I heard that name. I’d always enjoyed teasing her and snickering when she was embarrassed. We were total enemies since grade school. But this was horrible. I would never have looked forward to hearing this about her.
     “Why are you whispering about this?” I asked.
“You know how my uncle works in the morgue?” Tanya cringed. “Well, he’s the one who worked on her. I think that’s what they call it. Anyways, they found weird bite marks on her. That’s why they didn’t rant to the media about finding her. They feared that the citizens would panic.” She flipped open her cell phone and sent a quick text message before closing it and setting it down.
“Why would we panic?” I wondered out loud.
“They found something strange on her, didn’t they?” Markus added with a serious tone.
“They found bite marks on her. They think they’re bite marks. They’re saying that there might be something out there that’s doing this to people because she’s not the first to have them.” Tanya said.
Silence took over the table. Markus was pensive. He had that look on his face, the one where he found a clue to a puzzle he was trying to solve. Or when he found evidence for a ‘case’. The deer came to mind. The bite mark on his neck was abnormal. I wondered if it was the same markings. I had to ask. “What did the bite mark look like?”
Tanya shrugged. “I don’t know. I didn’t ask for a detailed description. A bite mark is a bite mark.” She sprang to her feet. “Don’t tell anyone okay guys. I don’t think the news is supposed to be around yet.” Then she skipped over to Blake who was waiting several feet away. Not wanting to come near me most likely. All of Ayden’s close friends were staying away from me as if I were some kind of danger zone.
I stared at Markus. He was looking away from me. “Don’t you want to say something.” not a question. 
“Animal attacks.” That was all he said before he stood up and walked away to the sound of the bell. 
“Vampires.” I said softly to myself, imagining that Markus had said it with me, so I could think for one moment that I wasn’t alone with the thought. No one heard me of course. The table was empty and the students were herding towards the doors. Alone, I sauntered to my fifth period.
School was finally over. After sitting in Markus’ car for a few minutes, I felt like slamming my foot on the gas pedal. His habit of adjusting the seat of the car back and forth until he was comfortable made me want to scream. The mirrors had to be checked, seat belt, everything. I waited patiently, eye twitching until he finally drove me home. I was too upset to talk about anything on the way home. He didn’t talk either, he just sang along with the song ‘Liberate’ by Disturbed among other songs from the band.
I threw my book bag in the house and walked to the waterfall. Dean wasn’t there. I waited for almost an hour and he didn’t show. Sadly, I left our meeting place. A cold shiver ran through my body. Even in the heat of the sun, I felt cold. It only lasted a few seconds, but it felt longer than that. I stared at my house from the forest not wanting to go in. I needed to be somewhere else. I couldn’t shake the feeling off. So I walked down the neighborhood to see if I would bump into Dean. The unsettling feeling crept in and out of me as I roamed the neighborhood. I didn’t want to think it, but I couldn’t stop myself. The bite marks had to be the same as the deer’s. They just had to. Dean came to mind. What a coincidence that the deer was near the waterfall. Dean didn’t want me going near it. I didn’t think it was because he didn’t want me getting squeamish. He was hiding something. He also acted strange when I was talking to him about Jennifer’s disappearance. Could he have been the one that did that to her at The Space Cavern? Was that why he wanted to take me there? To do the same to me?
I tried to shake the thoughts out of my head, rubbing my face and eyes in the process. When I was able to focus again, I saw his motorcycle parked in front of his old house. I stopped my step and contemplated if I should go in or not. The cold feeling tapped at me again. It was as if I was losing connection to any warmth that existed. I couldn’t shake the feeling of wanting to see him, so I headed towards the side gate because I knew he would be in the back yard.  His back faced me. The crooked dark branches from the tree stretched shadows across him. His shoulders were slanted down and his hands were in his pockets. He was motionless. I wasn’t sure if he heard me enter through the gate. 
“This used to be green. Alive.” Dean stared ahead, away from me. “It was full of life. And now…” He put his head down and took a deep breath.
“Dean…I-” 
He put his hand up to stop me. I wasn’t sure if it was from walking towards him or talking, but I stopped doing both.
Dean forced himself to turn to me. His face was a dark mask of fury and pain. The look in his eyes was scorching. He was preparing himself for something. Something he was forcing himself to do. The cold chill was slowly creeping in me again.
“It’s over Lina.” Dean said darkly. The pain was seeping out of his eyes just as tears would.
In that instant, the chill hit me hard, avalanching throughout me. I felt the terrible rush of fear. Like falling off a mountain to your doom. It couldn’t be over. Deep down, I knew this was right. But my heart was crumbling to pieces just hearing those words come out of him. How could this be right? He was dangerous. Deadly even. But I couldn’t stand to part with him.
“No.” I whimpered out. “NO! You can’t be serious. Dean please!” I ran to him and threw my arms around him. “Was it because of the questions? I’m sorry! I just needed to know. Please don’t do this!” Tears poured down my cheeks and dripped onto his shirt. He didn’t hug me back. He just stood there. I was desperately hugging a statue, trying to bring it to life again. I felt pathetic for frantically feeling him. I rubbed my hands on his back and squeezed him. There was no reaction. I considered pinching him so that he would make a movement, any flinch would do. I would have rather had him push me away. He slowly raised his arm to my shoulder. When he looked down at me with those dark eyes, his face was once again with no emotion. 
In my head, I pleaded. Please smile again. Please say never mind, that you didn’t mean anything. If this is a joke, I promise I’ll laugh. Please say this was all a joke. And that’s when he did it. That’s when he dragged the life right out of me. Dean pushed me to the side and stepped away from me. I whirled around in disbelief, this was real. As he made his way to the gate, he didn’t glance back. Not even a good bye. No kiss on the forehead.
I stood there, frozen and alone. The dried up plants and trees looked as dead as I felt inside. The cold never left my body. Fire could engulf me with its flames and I still would feel cold. My legs couldn’t hold me anymore, so I let them drop to the dirt beneath me. This couldn’t be happening. Just yesterday, everything was fine. Everything seemed fine. And the days before, I swear he loved me. Even though he never said it, just by the look in his eyes…I could tell. Not enough proof for some people. Plenty when you could feel it, like when you feel the love of a dog or child radiated towards you.
     I wrapped my arms around myself knowing that it wouldn’t make the shivering go away. Nothing would…except for his arms. Through the ringing and the stabbing words echoing in my ears, I heard his bike roar and take off into silence. I held back on crying and water slowly leaked out of my eyes. I gulped to swallow the knot that would not go down, but it swelled up with every ticking second. My eyes were like a crack in a dam, ready to burst with the true tears of sadness.
“Please come back.” I whimpered out as the crack broke apart from the force of the water.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
The next day at school was torture. Usually, it was because Dean didn’t show. Now, since we weren’t together anymore, he came to school and I couldn’t understand why. Now, I would never know the reason. Catching a glimpse of him was coincidental, I was actually searching for Markus and caught sight of Dean instead. I walked through the cafeteria doors from the hallway entrance and I saw Dean at the distant exit. A jolt of pain stabbed me in the chest as I watched the back of his head. He was walking away just as he did last night. 
“You going to eat that?” Markus asked me while pointing at the burger on my plate.
“No.” I pushed my plate towards him. “I don’t want any of it.” There was a pain in my stomach, but it wasn’t hunger. Something spiky was squeezing my insides. I felt that if I took one bite, I would throw up. He grabbed the burger and took a huge bite. “I thought you were supposed to be on a diet detective.” I mentioned in an attempt to have a conversation that would distract me.
“Protein.” Markus lifted the burger. “And caffeine helps you with energy for working out.” He raised the soda and took a gulp then took another chunk out of the burger.
“You caved.” I said.
“Diets are hard. I’ll get back on it after my burger.” He took another bite. “Why aren’t you sitting with Dean?” He asked through his food. “He’s finally at school again and you’re way over here.”
I looked down at the bench and poked my fingers through the holes. Shrugging my shoulders, I took an unwanted sip of water.
“What happened?” Markus asked while setting the burger down and reaching for his soda.
“He broke up with me.” I said half aloud. I glanced Dean’s way. He was sitting at his usual shady bench not even taking notice that I was only forty feet away. Shane sat on the table laughing about something. His head was cocked back exposing his neck. Dean didn’t look up at him. Strange, it never occurred to me to ask Dean about Shane. It didn’t seem like he liked being around him, but why did they always sit together at lunch? There were many questions I failed to ask him. It wasn’t like he would’ve let me ask all my questions anyway. He was a vault of secrecy.
“I’m sorry to hear that. Did he tell you why?” Markus asked.
My throat started to weld up. The knot felt like a spiky ball tearing through my throat. My eyes filled with tears. I held back the explosion of sadness. Until I felt Markus hug me. I poured out what seemed to be a life time of pain. I couldn’t talk. My tears soaked up his shirt. He didn’t say anything. He didn’t need to. He held me against his chest and patted my head. During my sobbing, I peeked at Dean through Markus’ arm only to find that he was not looking at me. Shane was. His intent look showed concern. Something I had never seen in him before. He looked down and away after catching my gaze.
“We better get to class. Do you think you’re ready? We can ditch if you need more time.” Markus insisted.
“No.” I wiped the tears off my cheeks and dabbed my eyes with a napkin. “I’ll go to class.” I looked down at the damp napkin. There was no makeup smear on it.
“What are you smiling about?” Asked Markus.
“No makeup. I didn’t put any on today.” I pointed out.
“You look the same to me. Just a little puffy right now.” He half smiled as he stepped back to pretend to study me.
It took me back to the moment behind the waterfall. When Dean had first kissed me, he told me I didn’t need make up. I smiled at the thought. He told me that I was truly beautiful. My smile pulled down as a knot was slowly rising back up my throat. I had to swallow it down so I could hold myself together before fifth hour. 
I slowly walked towards my last class, sixth hour. The class I sat next to Dean in. My nerves came about me sending tremors, shaking my entire body. I didn’t go in when I approached the door. Instead, I stood outside to wait for Markus, my walking stick for when I found myself stumbling. He never failed.
“You ready?” Asked Markus. He snuck up behind me in an attempt to scare me. I jumped up already nerve wrecked and smacked him playfully. 
I took in a deep breath. A very deep breath as if I were about to emerge myself into water. I walked in behind Markus and I couldn’t help but peek over to see if Dean was there. Sure enough, he was already in his seat. He was staring straight ahead with no emotion. His eyes were dark and distant. The sparkle he used to have in them left no trace of its past existence. He was acting as if we never shared anything together. 
I hesitantly sat in my desk. What I really wanted to do was bolt out of the class room. Trying to control my breathing, my eyes traveled around the room. Attempting to keep from looking at Dean was the most difficult thing I had to do. I could feel his presence tugging on me. His magnetic smell was turning my head with its invisible hands. I fought the urge, but quietly inhaled it. Doing so was a mistake. It brought back the memories of when I inhaled his shirt after discovering he was my hero. I fought to keep my composure. I straightened up and looked ahead as if nothing were bothering me. I didn’t feel his eyes on me. Not this time.
The teacher was late as usual. All the students were shifting and conversing loudly. I decided to take advantage of the noise and talk to Dean. To get some sort of explanation. I needed to know why he ended it. Why he ended me. As I slowly turned to him, my heart raced faster and faster as the seconds went by. My eyes were on him. He was leaning back and staring straight ahead.
My eyes were locked on him, trying to get his attention like two waving flags, but he just ignored me. I cleared my throat and swallowed the spike ball. “Dean?” I asked. He did not turn. He only flinched, but he remained staring straight ahead to the empty teacher’s desk. He heard me.
“Okay class!” Mrs. Jenson walked in with yet another stack of packets in her hands. “Today is going to be fun!” She enthusiastically announced. “It involves partners, reading and? Everyone?” 
“Writing!” Shouted out an excited Ben. He had his hand proudly raised up high.
“Wow Benjamin. I love your enthusiasm.” She started handing out packets at the front of the room. “I will be picking your partners. Don’t start going through the packets until I do so.”
After she finished passing them out she had us flip the packet. At the bottom left corner, there was a sloppy number written. My number was eight. She had us pair up with whoever else had the same number. As luck would have it, my partner was Dean. The assignment was to read the packet together. The cover’s title was ‘Famous Poets of all Time’. Our instructions were to first read the poems out loud to each other. Then, to pick out a poem of our choosing and write a summary of what each line meant as a team.
The first poem Dean began to read was ‘Love’s Philosophy’ by Percy Bysshe Shelley. As he read it out loud, I honestly felt like the poem was directed at me. As if he picked it out himself. His soothing voice read…
 
The fountains mingle with the river
And the rivers with the ocean,
The winds of Heaven mix forever
With a sweet emotion;
Nothing in the world is single;
All things by a law divine
In one spirit meet and mingle.
Why not I with thine?--
 
I shouted in my head for him to stop reading. The words coming out of his mouth meant an invitation for togetherness. Even though he was saying those beautiful words, they weren’t directed at me and it was hurting me inside.
 
See the mountains kiss high Heaven
And the waves clasp on another;
No sister-flower will be forgiven
If it disdained its brother;
And the sunlight clasps the earth
And the moonbeams kiss the sea;
What is all this sweet work worth 
If thou kiss not me?
 
Dean was very calm as he finished that last sentence. Through the whole reading he was calm. Didn’t he feel sorry for me at all? Did he really just drop me? He got tired of me. Just as other boyfriends did with flukes. That had to be it. I did nothing wrong! So what if I asked a few questions here and there. Who wouldn’t?
It was my turn to read the next poem. As I opened my mouth to read the first word of a poem I didn’t care to read the title, a horsey sound escaped me. I felt pathetic having Dean witness it. My voice finally came out in a tremble. My lips quivered out as I read the meaningless words on the page. Meaningless to me because I could not focus. I was falling down an endless pit looking up at the distant sky. Farther and farther came the distance between us. Closer and closer I was coming to death.
I was about to have a break down. The greatest meltdown in break up history. The cold started seeping back into my body. I glanced over to him, pleading with my eyes. I wasn’t sure what I was asking for, but I needed it. I needed his comfort. Anything from him. But he did not look at me. He kept his eyes on his packet. No emotions showed on his handsome face. I shouldn’t have looked at his rejection because it stabbed me in the gut. That face that used to be so bright and loving was the same as it was before we started dating. Things were back to normal with him. But he left me hanging in the balance of depression and insanity. 
I couldn’t take it anymore. I jumped up out of my seat with my book bag in hand.
“I don’t feel so good.” I called out to the teacher as I fast paced out the door. I was sure Markus would cover for me and tell her a lie about how sick I’d been. The major thing I had to do was to get as far from Dean as possible before the broken pieces of my heart exploded. 
I ran and I didn’t care where to. After turning through hallways and bursting through doors, I reached the benches in the front of the school and sat down to catch my breath. A cloud was passing by and covered me from the bright sun. With the shadow came a familiar face. 
“Waiting for me?” Said Shane as he sat shoulder to shoulder with me. He leaned forward turning his head and smirked at me when he caught my eyes. “I know why you’re sad.” He confidently said. “You need to have a good time and no one has given that to you.”
Shane didn’t even know the half of it. I was given a good time. The best time a stupid girl could have. Then it was torn away from me from the very same person that gifted me with it. I didn’t answer Shane. I still had some regaining to do.
He stood up and positioned himself in front of me. He wasn’t as big as Dean. Shane was almost the same height, but not as thick. He had a leaner body. His faded pants weren’t too tight on him, but they were tight enough to see his form. His shirt formed over the ripples of his chest and stomach, but still left some loose room to tease an onlooker. For a moment, I felt like I was cheating on Dean by admiring Shane’s perfection. Until the reality of us not being together hit me with no mercy.
Shane smiled crookedly as he stretched out his hand towards me. His eyes piercing at me, trying to convince me that it was okay to take his hand. And so, I did. It was as if I couldn’t control my body. My brain was no longer connected to anything. What are you doing? Why are you going with him! Even though I was asking myself these questions, I was left with no reason. It was like I was being hypnotized. 
I let Shane lead me to his car. It was a black Mitsubishi convertible with the word “Spyder” etched above one of the back lights. The windows were tinted so dark that when I tried peeking through, I couldn’t see anything on the inside. 
“You need a special treat.” Shane said through his aluminous smile. 
Shane opened the door for me and before I could adjust myself in my seat, he was already sitting next to me with the door shut and engine humming. He took me to an ice cream shop near my neighborhood. We sat outside under a huge umbrella to eat the ice cream. I had a banana cream shake and Shane was eating an Oreo blast. It was the only ice-cream shop in town. It was usually busy, especially after school. We were watching the different people come and go. Shane wouldn’t stop talking. He was hitting up every subject imaginable making time go by so quickly. I immediately felt comfortable around him, as if we’d been friends for years.
“I have a question for you.” I told him.
“Uh oh.” He said as he licked the ice cream off his spoon in such an inviting way.
“What’s up with you and Dean?” I asked not thinking of the consequences of talking to Dean’s friend about him. The consequences of course, being my humiliation.
“We have a unique relationship.” Shane answered.
     “Do you guys always argue? Why does he always seam mad at you? You don’t have to answer me if you feel it’s not my business.” I said. “It’s just…weird.”
“Consider it a form of having to deal with each other. But let’s not talk about that loser.” I gave him a sharp look. Just because we weren’t together didn’t mean I was going to tolerate someone talking bad about him. Then he continued, “Don’t tell me you’re interested in that clown? You’re wasting your time. He’s too dull to know what to do with a girl like you.”
Shane immediately changed the subject. In fact he had many different subjects. So many different things he knew about the world. We argued back and forth about our opinions. A lot of the times he proved me wrong. For some reason, I enjoyed the challenge of trying to prove him wrong no matter what the subject was. Before we knew it, the sun was starting to go down. My half eaten ice cream was melted in its cup. Shane’s was empty. We threw away our trash and headed towards his vehicle, but he stopped in front of me before we reached it.
“Let’s walk.” He said while gleaming his convincing smile.
I couldn’t say no and I really didn’t want to. He was numbing some of the pain I had been feeling since Dean had broken up with me. I didn’t want to feel the full force of the hurt just yet. I nodded my head in agreement and walked in the direction of the neighborhood with him. 
It got darker as we approached the entrance to the neighborhood. It was a windy trail that had no room for walkers. There were no sidewalks in some parts of Austin, so we had to walk on the grassy division beside the pavement. On some streets, the road was all people could walk on because of all the trees along the side were in the pathway. Shane was able to get us out of the road way long before I would notice a car. We didn’t talk for the entire walk. We just enjoyed our surroundings. It was crazy, I would always walk by this area to get to my jogging site, but I never really took it all in. There was a small river nearby and from what I could barely see; there was a bench in front of it. A gigantic tree leaned over the water, cascading to cover the calm water. On it hung a long rope that almost reached the surface. I imagined kids running on the ground towards it and leaping over the edge of the water to catch hold of the rope. I smiled at the thought.  
Before it got even darker, I looked deep into the forest, trying to find something else I could awe about. Then, I noticed the figure again. It was halfway standing behind a tree. It was definitely the same one I had been seeing. It had to be. But I was too far to see a description of who it was. Even though the figure stepped out from behind a tree exposing himself, he was still just a figure. No light landed on him to show his identity. He was facing us…just staring.
“Do you see that?” I asked Shane while pointing at it with my eyes. “It’s the same person I’ve been seeing at night. I think he’s been following me around.”
“How do you know it’s the same guy?” Shane asked with doubt in his tone. 
“I don’t know what he looks like, but it’s got to be the same one.” I added.
“How long have you been noticing this?” Shane asked, not seeming too concerned about a guy following me around. 
“I don’t know, maybe a week.” I said.
“Only a week?” Shane asked unimpressed.
“Yeah?” I said, unsure of where this was heading.
“Every night?” Shane asked.
“Ummm…not every night. I’ve noticed here and there.” I said.
Shane smiled and gave a soft and seductive chuckle. As if there was some inside joke he was remembering. He was acting as if this were a normal thing. I wished Dean were here. He would storm right up to the person and sock him in the face. No questions asked. Just like he did with Ayden. Ayden? Could it be him? 
“I don’t think that person is much of a threat to you.” Shane confidently said while setting his hand on my upper back to guide me to the entrance of the neighborhood.
Shane stood on the sidewalk in front of my house. He refused to come any closer to the door. I waved him goodbye and shut the door. My hurt was creeping out again. It had been there the whole night, but now that I had no distractions. It was far worse. The cold took over me leaving me shaking. I went upstairs and pulled Deans folded shirt out of the closet. Bringing it up to my nose to smell the cologne made me sad. The smell was gone. I clenched it to my chest and dragged my feet to the bed. I dove under the blankets without changing into my pajamas. 
After hours of tossing and turning, I couldn’t get any sleep. I wanted to do something special for Dean. Something that would win him back, even if it was only a fraction of him. But it would have to wait till morning.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
I rose up and dusted the soil off of my knees and hands. The sun was starting to come out, I finished just in time. I walked around to examine my work. From what I could remember, Dean’s mom, Rose, had some lavender here along the walkway leading up to the lemon tree. I was able to plant everything else but the lemon tree. There were many patches of soil around the yard where I had planted seeds. I tried to picture the yard when I had seen it when I was a child. A mixture of purple, yellow, and white flowers blossomed along the brick yard. There was a lemon tree with a stone pathway leading to the French doors of the house. In all the extra space, she had grass. I planted grass seed, but that wouldn’t come out for another week or two. Luckily, I didn’t have to come back and water everything because it constantly rained here in Georgetown. I re-soiled everything so the plants would be able to grow. My work here was done.

Weeks went by. Dean still continued to ignore me in the hallways and especially during class. For him, my seat was an empty space. I still wasn’t used to the new routine. The hurt never stopped, it never even calmed down. I felt like I was being tortured inside. The agony was slowly killing me and would linger just as I was about to give my last breath. But I would live, each and every time; I would live the torture all over again. I thought of changing classes so I didn’t have to go through the pain while sitting next to him, but just the thought of not being close to him ate me up inside. I wouldn’t be able to have complete separation from him. Not just yet.
“Did you want to hang out tonight?” Markus asked while pulling out of the school parking lot.
“No. Not really.” I said. I stared blankly out the window.
“You need to get out of the house Mindy. It’s been almost a month. We’re worried about you.” Markus drilled out.
“Who’s we?” I asked.
“Everyone. Me. Tanya. Your mom even called me.” Markus admitted. 
“Oh. Well I’m tired.” I lied.
“Really Mindy…Really?” Markus continued, “From what? What exhausted you to the point where you can’t even hang out with your best friends? Who, by the way, have never been too tired to hang out with you.” Markus raised his voice a pinch.
I stayed silent. The rest of the way home was dead silent. He was right. I had put them aside, even though I was physically still around them, I acted as if I weren’t. I refused to do it again. Not to them, my friends didn’t deserve that. They were too important to me. Markus pulled up to my house with one tire halfway on the sidewalk curve. He got out of the car to open the door for me and grabbed my book bag. I walked behind him to the front door where he handed the bag to me. 
“Look. I know you’ve been going through something and I’m sorry. I don’t like seeing you like this. You don’t smile anymore. We used to joke around and now you’re a mute. You may not have noticed it but we have. We want you back Mindy.” Markus blurted out. Without letting me speak, he turned around and headed to his car. Before he reached it, he called out to me.
“I’ll pick you up at eight!” Markus started the car. “Not eight thirty! Eight!” He called out just before hitting the pedal and disappearing. 
“Ok.” I said to myself gripping the book bag with determination.
After doing my chores and staring out into space, there were a couple of hours left before I had to start getting ready for my night out with Markus and Tanya. I decided to take Zeke for a walk before it got too late. I latched the harness around his chest and tied my hair up. His excitement always showed through his shaking body and smiling eyes. The things I found most amazing about loyal dogs, was that they contained true love for their master or family. They are always happy to see you come home. And when you reach down to pet them, it’s like the best thing in the world to them. They never dump you and leave you lonely.
Zeke stared up at me and tilted his head to the side. I bent down to hug him in appreciation as he shook even harder. He couldn’t contain himself. He stood on his hind legs and rested his forearms on my shoulders. I squeezed him tight and stood back up. 
We walked towards the forest as we usually did. As we headed for my trail, I couldn’t help but to look in the direction of the waterfall. I couldn’t hear it or see it from where I was standing. I was too far. The urge to walk to it came to me. I shook it off and continued ahead. Because of the season change, it was getting dark a lot earlier than usual. By the time I left the house, the sun was already setting. The crisp coolness hit against my exposed skin. The sweater kept the rest of me warm.
Zeke tugged at the leash leading me in the direction of the waterfall. I didn’t resist the change of course. I inched my way past the fallen tree that marked the entry way I always took. That wasn’t here yesterday. It wasn’t as mature as the others. Standing, the tree had to be at least ten feet tall. Strange, I didn’t remember there being a wind storm or anything that could have knocked it over along with its roots.
As we got closer, I began to hear the falling water splashing against the clear pool beneath it. The sound was peaceful. It reminded me of the tender moments Dean and I spent at that very same waterfall. A piercing emerged in my chest; the kind that makes you double over and cry out. I was used to it though. Every time I thought of Dean and how close we were, the pain striked. That feeling didn’t stop me from going to what used to be a hideaway for me. I came up to the water and enjoyed the view of the clean liquid. I was able to see the tiny black fish following each other in jetting speeds along the surface. Catfish and bass usually stayed close to these fish, but I had never seen them there. It was like a getaway for the smaller fish too.
And that was when I saw it. Something large was down there. The tiny fish swam away in all directions, frantically trying to get away from whatever else was in there. As I looked closer, I noticed that it was a person. I brought my head up and scanned the forest before me. Dean’s motorcycle was hidden behind a tree in the distance. 
“Crap!” I shrieked when I saw him coming towards the surface.
I didn’t know why, but I high tailed it away from there. I crouched down behind a bush that was several feet away from the water. Zeke sat next to me attentive to whatever I was hiding from. My heart wasn’t pounding fast it was just hitting hard against my chest. I felt like such an idiot hiding from Dean. It’s not like he was going to go all psycho because I was out here. I took a gulp before peaking through the bush that blocked his view from me. Luckily, he wasn’t facing me. The muscles of his back were shifting under his olive skin as he stretched out his arms. He then jumped up and down in place as he jiggled his arms. It was like watching a boxer warming up before a fight. Dean turned away from the water and his front was now in my view. A fresh slash ran across his stomach. Whatever cut him got him good and it wasn’t too long ago since it happened. Something inside me was reacting to the cut. I wanted to help heal it. I urged to clean it and bandage it up for him. Before I could stop myself, I leaped out of the bush.
“Are you okay?” I asked as I ran up to him. I didn’t care if he didn’t want me to. I didn’t care if he would push me away, just as long as he would let me help.
Dean said nothing. He just stared at me in shock. My focus was on his cut. From up close, I could see it was still bleeding. 
“Come with me. I have a first aid kit at my house.” I ordered.
“You shouldn’t be here.” Dean said as he stepped away from me. His head swooshed from side to side, scanning our surroundings. 
I remembered the first aid kit he kept in one of his bike compartments. “Hold on.” I said and ran to his motorcycle. I flipped open the one that didn’t have a lock. There was a thin rolled up rope sitting on top of the first aid kit. I moved it aside and grabbed the small box. I swiveled around to head back only to crash into Dean’s chest. A cold pain hit my chest followed by a warm rush that eased me. I looked up at him; he was looking down at me. His eyes locked on mine.
“Let’s-” I cleared my throat, “let’s clean that up.” 
“You shouldn’t be here.” Dean said again.
“Isn’t there anything else on your list of things to say to Mindy? Why? Why do you always say that?” I waited for an answer; his eyes were softening as he looked down at me. “You don’t want me around you. I get that. Let me just bandage your cut and I’ll be out of your hair.” I gulped as I imagined running my fingers through his soft black hair.
Dean walked around me, trying not to make contact. It was way too obvious. He slowly turned around and sat against the seat holding onto the bike with his hands for support. Wow. The view I saw before me should have been on the cover of some hunk magazine. ‘TOP TEN OF THE HOTTEST HARLEY RIDERS.’ I knelt down so I could set the box down. Trying to be as inconspicuous as possible, I wiped my mouth against my sleeve, just in case I was drooling.
The thudding in my chest began to hit harder than before. I fumbled through the box and pulled out some Neosporin, alcohol wipes, a large gauze, and medical tape. I ripped open the alcohol wipes and brought it up to Dean’s cut. I lightly dabbed at it and his skin tightened as the wipe made contact. The cut was already starting to scab, he must have gotten it last night or something. I quickly dabbed the whole cut and set the wipe down. I grabbed a cotton ball from the box and covered it with Neosporin. I spread it on his cut slowly. My eyes were wandering to his abs. I’d never seen them this close. His skin was so smooth, not a hair on it. It was soft, that I knew for sure. When we used to swim together, I found it difficult to avoid touching him. His stomach was coming out as he exhaled and crunching in and he inhaled. His breathing was quick; it was as if he were nervous. 
Almost done. I brought the cotton ball down and took the gauze out of the package. I unfolded it and set it on the cut. With the other hand, I fumbled with the tape, but I couldn’t do it with one hand. 
“Do you mind holding this in place?” I asked him without looking up. I looked down at the tape, trying to avoid eye contact with him. That was when I felt a jolt of low level electricity flow through me. The warm rushes joined the electricity making me almost hit the ground hard. The source of the feelings were coming from one place. My hand. I looked up at it. Dean’s hand was on the gauze with only his pinky touching mine. I yanked my hand away and crawled back to put some distance in between us. I knew that if I left it there longer, I would have jumped up and hugged him. He would have pushed me away, just like the last time I hugged him. He would have scooped out the shattered pieces of my heart on the spot. And even though he would have left my chest empty, I would have still gotten back up and finished patching up his cut.
A knot welled up in my throat. I was so cold. It wasn’t the weather, it wasn’t night darkening around me. It was Dean. I stared up at him. He was clenching his teeth, but he wasn’t looking at me. I grabbed the tape and quickly secured the gauze in place trying not to make any skin contact with him. A low growl came from behind me. Zeke was staring out into the forest with his chest sticking out in front of him.
“You should go home now.” Dean said darkly.
“I was leaving anyway.” I whimpered out, trying to pull myself together.
I hurried to my feet and grabbed Zeke’s leash. I walked away without saying another word to Dean. Then, he called out my name. Not my regular Mindy name, it was the one he always called me…Lina. I stopped and swiveled around. I was only a few feet away from him. The moonlight shining on his face let me see him almost clearly. His eyes were screaming in pain. He was clenching his jaw and just when he was about to speak, he closed his mouth again and turned away. 
“Thank you.” And that was all he said before climbing on his bike.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
An hour left before it was time for Markus to pick me up. I had just returned from the waterfall with Zeke. I was staring at the hangers in my closet. Most of them had no clothes on them. All my clean clothes were still in the laundry basket balled up and wrinkled. I stared up at the shelf. Dean’s shirt was in a perfect fold with a shelf to itself. I didn’t dare touch it, even though I was tempted to throw it on and walk around with it. Sadly, the smell of him wore off.
The door swung open.
“Knock knock.” Called out a fast paced Tanya. She carried a hot pink handbag. I knew that handbag. She was wearing her hair straight with pink streaks in it. Her makeup matched her hair and outfit. She was ready for tonight. The hot pink makeup bag was for me.
“What’s that for? You’re already wearing the whole bag on your face.” I said dryly. 
“Ha ha. You’ve lost your mind, but not your sense of humor.” Tanya threw the bag on the floor and set her purse beside it. “Just look at you.” Tanya pointed out. She gestured both her arms towards me.
“What?” I asked. Shocked that she would blurt something out like that.
“You look horrible and Markus is going to be here in less than an hour. Were you seriously thinking about going out with me like that?” Tanya walked up to me and stood inches away from me looking me up and down. “You’ve completely stopped taking care of yourself. You wear your hair all frizzy.” She picked up my hand. “You don’t do your nails anymore. And don’t get me started on your lack of appreciation for cosmetics. How do you expect to get a rebound boyfriend looking like Raggedy Anne?” She said. “And by the way, you’re getting fat Anne!” she harshly added.
“No you didn’t!” I snapped back.
“Yes I did! Now sit down with me so I can get started. We don’t have much time.” she commanded.     
I sat down as she ordered. She wasn’t that gentle on my face, I wasn’t looking forward to her doing my hair. With her aggravation, she’d probably tear most of it out with her brush. She had me change into several different combination outfits until she found one that made her smile with excitement. After she was finished, she pulled me to the stand up mirror to examine myself. What I saw was amazing. My hair was long and wavy with some curls here and there. It looked so shiny and soft, probably because of all the hair products she had put in it. I had on a black leather skirt with black tights. She had me wear my black boots that reached up to my knees. I had on a red tight fitted shirt with tiny sleeves and a covered neckline.
     “Wow.” My jaw dropped. I hadn’t seen the girl in the mirror for what seemed like forever.             
“I know. I’m goood!” Tanya looked at my hand. “Crap! I forgot your nails. What time is it?” She looked at my alarm clock. “Okay. I have a few minutes before he gets here. Where’s my red nail- ah, here it is.” She pulled her favorite red nail polish out of the bag. She grabbed my hand and quickly painted my nails before Markus rang the door bell. It was exactly eight.
Markus didn’t drive the shoe; he pulled up in a lifted four door truck. The black Ford was made for a dangerous night. It blended in with the darkness. An invincible menace against the night.
“Wow.” Tanya and I said through our dropped jaws.
“Like a rock.” Markus sighed. “Imagine how my beat up shoe looks parked next to this thing on the driveway. It emasculates my car.”
“I can’t believe your dad let you take it out tonight.” I said.
“My car only fits two people. I didn’t want to have one of you ball up in the small backseat tonight, so he let me borrow it if I trim the bushes tomorrow.” Markus said.
“Shotgun!” Tanya headed for the passenger door before Markus had a chance to open it for her. I followed behind to the opened back seat. Markus smiled at me genuinely like things were back to normal. But they weren’t, everything was still wacked out for me. I stepped on the lift and pulled myself to the seat. The inside smelled like an ocean. It was clean and fresh. It looked like the inside had just been cleaned out, except for a brown paper bag sitting on the seat next to me. Knowing Markus’ dad, the car was like this all the time. He called it his girl and kept up with it. Those bushes must have been in real need of a trimming for him to let Markus borrow it on a Friday night.
We were leaving the neighborhood when Markus’ phone played ‘Anti-saint’ by Chevelle. He answered it, but I only heard mumbling with a nodding of the head.
“Mindy, is there a brown bag back there?” Markus asked.
“Yeah.” I looked over at it like it was some weirdo riding in the back with me. The top was folded down to hide what was inside. I didn’t know what was in it and I didn’t want to know. How it was neatly set on its own seat creeped me out.
Markus hung up the phone and made a u-turn back into the neighborhood. “I have to drop that bag off real quick. My grandpa needs it.” 
I turned to it to make sure it was still on its side of the back seat. Just knowing it was for that old man added to the disturbing feeling.
We pulled up to his house. “I’ll get down with you. I want to say hi to your dad.” I tapped Tanya on the shoulder. “Are you coming?” 
Tanya frantically shook her head. “Heck no!”
I shrugged my shoulders and climbed out of the truck. “Oh! I forgot to grab the bag.” I said while climbing back up to grab it.
“No! I’ll get it.” Markus said while running to the other side to beat me to it. He held it away from himself as we walked to the front door. 
Branches clawed at my arm while we were heading to the house. The trail of bushes beside me definitely needed to be trimmed. They hardly left any walking space between them and the cars on the driveway. We passed by at least five bushes before reaching the entrance. I turned around and scanned his front yard to get a total count. There was a stone trail that lead from the sidewalk to the front patio. Bushes were aligned on either side of it. Branches were popping out of them like a stressed out cat. I felt sorry about the dreadful morning that awaited Markus.
When we approached the door, I sighed and regretted not staying in the truck with Tanya. Markus opened the door and I followed closely behind. The inside was well lit. It looked like every room in the house had the lights on. For being a house that three guys occupied, it was pretty clean. Just like his dads truck, everything was in its place. Markus’ mother died while giving birth to him. He was left in the hands of his grandpa while his dad was at work…poor kid. 
“Dad! Mindy’s here.” Markus called out and set the bag carefully on the countertop of the kitchen.
A nasty crawling feeling inched up my back. It felt like a spider making its way to my neck. I rubbed what I could reach on my back, but the feeling wouldn’t leave me. Markus’ dad came out from one of the bedrooms with a blue tooth clipped to his ear. He towered over me, he had to be almost seven feet tall. His eyes were round and noticeable. He was balding, but it didn’t matter because the man grew better looking with age.
A broad smile beamed on his face. “What’s up Mindy!” His dad, Kevin, raised his hand up waiting for a high five from me. I returned the gesture and smiled with him.
“I brought the bag.” Markus said.
The crawling feeling spread out to the back of my arms. Kevin’s smile turned mischievous, like a kid with a funny secret.
“Good.” Came a hoarse voice from behind me. 
I jumped and twirled around. That explained the crawling feelings. It was the grandpa. His glossy eyes peeked through his droopy eyelids. He was sitting in a motorized wheelchair with his sausage fingers on the control stick. 
“Boy.” he gruffed out. “Give me the bag.” His eyes stayed on me. Examining me. 
“Here you go.” Markus kept the bag at a distance and walked it over to his grandpa. As soon as the old man took his gaze from me and grabbed the bag, Markus wiped his hands on his pants.
The old man set the bag down on his lap and looked me over again before averting his attention to Markus. “You finally bring home a girl and it’s a skinny one.” He continued. “I’ve told you boy, they have to have some meat on them. Not like this one percent you brought.”
“She’s not my girlfriend grandpa. And she’s not that skinny.” Markus paused and the look of regret washed over his face. He must have thought he insulted me. I half smiled to let him know he didn’t, and his face softened. Hey, I knew I wasn’t a twig or anything. So, no offense taken.
“We should get going.” I insisted. 
“Okay. I’ll see you guys later.” Markus said to his dad and crazy grandpa.
“Don’t break curfew.” Kevin warned with a smile. “I sleep with one eye open. Like a warrior.” 
“What if the open eye gets tired?” Markus tested.
“They take shifts.” said Kevin.
“Where are you off to anyway boy? You going to follow your new friend again?” Asked the old man.
I turned to Markus and stared him straight in the face. The old man had to be talking about Dean. I knew Markus was hiding something from me. He looked back at me in surprise.
“What are you talking about grandpa? Did you take your medication today?” Markus asked while grabbing my arm and leading me out the front door. 
As Markus hurriedly shut the door behind us, I heard his grandpa call out, “Use a condom!” Then, we were finally out of there.
Markus exhaled and worriedly peaked over at me. I stayed silent, still trying to recover from being in that house. There was no point in asking Markus what his grandpa meant. He would either deny it or tell me the answer I already knew. Markus had been going after Dean this whole time. There was no doubt that he had a theory about Dean, but it couldn’t be that bad if he wasn’t freaked out like when he witnessed the first body disappear. He acted different then, but now, he had been happier. It was hard to explain, but I just knew that he had been more content lately. He even started working out and eating healthier. Something he never cared for before. 
I opened my mouth to speak and saw that the worry on his face increased dramatically. He didn’t want me to ask. For some reason, he wanted it kept from me. “I gotta ask you.” I said.
“Yeah?” His voice was shaky. He rubbed the back of his neck and looked away from me.
I couldn’t do it to him. I didn’t want to put him on the spot. But this was the best opportunity I was going to get for my line of questions. 
“What was in that bag?” I sighed out in defeat.
Markus turned to me with his eyes wide. “The bag?” He gulped. “You-ah…wanna know about the bag?” he asked in disbelief.
“Yeah…dork.” I said.
He let out a breath of air that was probably in him since he got busted in the house. A smile appeared on his face and his body relaxed. Then, a look of disgust replaced the peace. 
“You don’t want to know.” Markus drawled out.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
The Impulse was pretty packed tonight. I didn’t go there often, but for some reason, the atmosphere felt different compared to the couple of times I had been there. The usual people went to The Impulse, but tonight it didn’t seem like it. The new faces that I was able to point out were beautiful. They were dancing so smoothly and elegantly. They reminded me of Shane because they all had the same skin color. Chalky white. They didn’t look like they were together because they were spread out in different locations of the room. There were a couple of girls and I couldn’t count the guys that well, but it seemed there were five or six. They were definitely not from around here. I wasn’t sure if I was being paranoid, but I could have sworn they were all looking at me.
“Alright. Ready to dance with me?” Tanya asked while pulling my arm to the dance floor.
“What? Already?” I asked confused and tugged away my arm in defiance.
“That’s what we dragged you here for. Besides all the seats are taken. We can’t just stand around like losers.” Tanya said while moving to the beat.
“I’ll be back guys. There’s something I have to check out.” Markus said while scanning the same pale figures I was studying. “Stay inside.” Markus said to me. Not to the both of us, it was to me in particular. And he was gone.
As Tanya danced, she kept egging me on by hitting me with her butt. I gave in before she could throw me off balance on purpose. I kept feeling someone bumping into me constantly. I knew the club was packed, but this was ridiculous. I moved to the side to avoid the bumping. It followed me. I turned around to see what the heck was going on and found myself staring into the eyes of a short young man. His hair was black and slicked back, now I knew why they called it a cow lick. It looked like a huge tongue caked with gel licked his head. The Hispanic guy had on a pair of tight white jeans that looked impossible to get on even for me. He had pointy black boots on that kept moving to the music. What caught my attention the most was…well, he had on a purple button up shirt with the top buttons unbuttoned. A few proud curls came bursting past his thick gold chain. There was absolutely nothing attractive about his scrawny body. He seemed to think otherwise.
He smiled at me and danced up against me. I nodded ‘no’ to him and smiled politely. Then I turned back to Tanya who couldn’t keep her laughter in. Shaking off the experience, I continued to dance with her. And there he was again. I huffed out in irritation and pushed him away without looking. I grabbed Tanya’s hand and pulled her to a different spot, away from Freako Suave. We danced for a moment and here he was again. Like a dog trying to hump my leg. I searched for Markus through the crowd, but he was nowhere in sight. Tanya was yelling at the guy in Spanish. It didn’t look like he understood her. She wasn’t fluent. She took a couple of Spanish classes, but had forgotten most of what she learned. 
A cold chill went up my back. Not just up my spine, up my whole backside. I whirled around to see what had caused it. Shane’s body was right up against mine. He stared down at me and smiled mischievously. Then Shane walked up to the guy. He said a few words to him in a language I didn’t understand, it must have been Spanish. The guy shook his head and danced away to another victim. 
“That was close. I thought he was going to hop on you and-” I cut Shane off before he could finish.
“Don’t! Yuck! I’ll picture it.” I said scrunching my nose.
“May I have this dance?” Shane asked while reaching his hand out to me. In that moment a slow song started. “I told him he could dance with you IF I walk away.” He looked me in the eyes. I couldn’t see the color that good. They looked red. Red and convincing. “Should I walk away Mindy?” He inched closer and raised my hand to his mouth. I couldn’t stop staring at his eyes. The soft kiss was cool against my hand. Like that first day of school all over again. With my mouth dropped open I shook my head no.
Shane’s lip curled up as he pulled me close to him. The electricity was vibrant. He danced with skill. I was losing my step trying to keep up with him. I felt like a complete buffoon. “It’s time Mindy.” Shane sadly said after a couple of songs.
“Huh? For what?” I asked.
“For a little air. Don’t you feel crowded?” Shane asked and exaggerated a shiver.
I looked around and felt the same eyes on me from the new faces. The club had gotten more crowded since we got there. Then I felt an urge to get some fresh air.
“Do you mind? Tanya?” Shane asked. Still a smile on his face. It gleamed, even in this dark place it shone like the sun was hitting it directly.
“No. Of course not!” Tanya excitedly called out.
“I don’t want to leave you alone.” I said to Tanya.
“Don’t worry. Markus will be here soon.” She called out while pushing me and Shane away.
That’s right, I forgot that Markus wanted me to stay put. I decided to step out for a second, and then come back inside. It was way too crowded tonight. Shane led the way holding my hand. Everyone moved out of the way admiring him. His perfection beamed off of him, pushing everyone out of the way. When we reached the back door, he swung it open and led me out. It was quiet outside. The air was still. For a few minutes, we walked along the back of the connected buildings.
“I think I got enough air Shane. I don’t want to leave Tanya alone for too long.” I said while coming to a stop.
“Believe me Mindy. You’re friend is completely safe.” Shane squeezed my hand and tugged a little to keep me walking. “I assure you.” 
Shane’s tug was hard and I couldn’t help but go along with it. He assured me she’d be safe. Yet an unsettling feeling erupted in me. Something wasn’t right. Something was off. Shane didn’t seem like his normal cheery self. For some reason, it was forced, like he was trying to be convincing. He seemed determined somehow. I planted my feet on the floor, but he kept walking. His strong grip on me tugged me to walk again. For an unexplainable reason, I looked behind me. I wished I hadn’t. There were two pale people walking a few yards away from us. One of them was an Asian girl, she looked like a cute living doll. She had jet black hair that reached her skinny waistline. The guy walking next to her was huge, like a three hundred pound mass of pure muscle. Not the kind of huge that girls go crazy for, this sort of huge was gross.
My breathing started accelerating. Something was scary about them. From the moment I saw them in the club, I knew it.
“Shane. Please take me back. I don’t want to be out here anymore.” I tugged my arm trying to break it free. “Please?” 
Shane ignored me. Then two more guys came out in front of us. The craziest thing was that they landed in front of us. Like they dropped down from the sky. One guy had black hair that reminded me of a hedge hog. It was slicked back into spikes. They didn’t walk towards us, but in front of us. They were walking at the same pace as us. So were the ones walking behind us. 
“Let me go!” I shouted to Shane. I dug my nails in his hands hoping that he would release me, but it was no use. He didn’t even flinch. Then I scratched frantically at his hands. Blood seeped out of the cuts staining his skin, but he still held on. I looked around hoping to find someone that could help. It was only us, the darkness, and dim flickering lights from the alley.
“Shane!” Called out a voice from above us. I looked up. There were two guys walking on the buildings along side us. One on our right and another on the left. We were surrounded by these strange people like body guards surrounding the president. “We spotted Dean heading out of the club. He’s getting his bike.” Called out the voice.
Shane nodded his head and picked up the pace. While it looked like he was speed walking, I had to run to keep up with him. It was humanly impossible to walk that fast. Besides, my stupid boots weren’t helping me much. That’s when it hit me. My heels! Kicking him should work. I ran a little faster and swung my heel at his leg. I knew I got him good. I stabbed him right in the calf muscle. That should have made him stumble at least. But once again, he didn’t even flinch. I punched him as hard as I could over and over again only to tire myself out. I kept punching and kicking whenever I had the chance to without falling. Even after my efforts not to, I fell to the ground with my hand still connected to Shane’s grip.
“We really need to hurry Mindy.” Shane said while picking me up and flipping me on his shoulder in an easy movement. 
All of them started running even faster. I kicked at his torso and screamed, but Shane didn’t lose his grip on me. I heard something, a roaring cutting through the distance. So did everyone else.
“He’s getting closer!” Called out the other guy on the roof.
I looked up at the women walking behind Shane. They were glancing behind them. They looked scared. Like something was chasing them. Dean? Why were they so afraid of him coming? Why would they think he would even come for me?
Then I saw him. He was gaining closer and closer on his motorcycle. I saw the fury surging out of his face. He pulled a long sword that was tucked in the side of his bike. He held it on his side at a position that looked like he was ready to swing at whatever he came across. He looked like he was coming fast, but it was weird to me that he hadn’t caught up yet. We were on foot and he was on wheels. I looked down at the ground. It was going so fast below me as if I were watching the road while on the freeway. In wild disbelief, I gaped at the blur of buildings along side us. We were going as fast as the bike. Shane and the others were running as fast as a motorcycle! Impossible. I thought. Impossible!!
I looked back up at Dean. Just then, a body landed on top of him throwing him off course. While trying to get his bike to straighten up again, he was elbowing the guy on his back. Just when he almost threw the guy off, the other guy from the roof jumped on him. Dean’s bike went completely out of control crashing into the building. 
“Go back there and kill him!” Shouted Shane to the two running behind us. In a blink of an eye, they were gone. “You up there. Get behind us!” He shouted to the two guys running in front of us.
They ran behind us as Shane finished his command. Then I heard the worst thing I’d ever heard in my life. My name was being shouted. Dean was shouting my name. What pained me so much to hear was how he was screaming.
It was a cry of extreme disparity. They had to be killing him.
“DEAN!” I yelled back, but I heard no response from him. Just thudding, like bags of rocks being thrown against walls. Then…silence.
“Claudius. Stay behind and make sure he doesn’t follow us.” Shane ordered one of the scared men behind us. Shane didn’t look scared like the rest of them. He looked more like a soldier during a mission. I couldn’t understand why the mission involved kidnapping me. Why were they scared of Dean? I knew Dean was strong, but not strong enough to take on six people. Right?
My eyes darted in the darkness, trying to pick up any form that looked like it could be Dean. My breathing quickened. I saw nothing, even the dull lights were my traitors tonight. I had to go to Dean. I had to help him.
“Stop it Shane! Why are you doing this! Stop it!” I screamed in his ear.
Then he came to a stop. Shane set me on the ground without letting go of my arm. His perfection didn’t transfix me this time. His hypnotic ways of convincing me was not going to work with the anger I had. I hated him. I hated the white of his skin. The softness of his lips. I grew angrier at the memory of when he kissed my hand. He sent those pale people to hurt Dean and I hated him for it. 
The last person that stood with us was the hedgehog. He didn’t look as scared as the others. He probably thought there was nothing more to worry about since Dean wasn’t coming. His eyes were black with a gleam of red, more like a maroon color. Those eyes studied me appreciably, like he just found a lost princess. He caught my eyes and looked shocked at first. Then a smile slowly formed on his face. Between those lips appeared teeth made from the purest white. That’s not what stunned me. It was after the teeth were exposed when he smiled a little wider. I blinked with surprise at the sight of the two long fangs that looked like their only purpose was to shred things to pieces…vampires. 
I gasped and turned my astonished gaze to Shane. Asking him with my eyes if what I saw was really what I saw. He understood my silent language and nodded his head as he exposed his teeth. Then his canines extended out to two sharpened fangs. I had to get away. I crunched my fist and swung at Shane’s face as hard as I could. His head jerked to the side with the impact, but it didn’t look like it hurt him. I frantically pulled my arm to release his hold and swung at him some more. Nothing was working. I screamed and yelled even though my hoarse voice wasn’t loud enough.
Shane turned to the hedgehog. “Stay here and guard the entrance. He cannot find out where we’re taking her.” 
I quit my struggling to be able to hear what they were saying.
“I don’t think he’s still alive. He would have been here by now.” Said the hedgehog.
“Don’t argue with me. He’s strong. Never underestimate Dean.” Shane said fiercely. Then he turned his attention to me. “You’ll lead him right to us with your screaming. You leave me no choice.” Shane said grimly as he held my arms in place so I would quit swinging. He nodded his head once to the hedgehog then looked away.
“No choice? What are you gonna-” A crash came to the back of my head. So many colors were fighting to stay visible then they quickly faded. All I saw next was blackness.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
When I opened my eyes, Shane was looking down at me. His eyes held a sort of excitement. His smile was mischievous. His silver hair fell elegantly down as he leaned in closer to me. Even with the dim lighting in this room, I could still see the paleness of his skin. For a moment, I thought this was a dream. One of those dreams you wake up from then when you go back to sleep and it continues. I was kidnapped by vampires and knocked out. Now I was here with Shane. My face was hurting, especially my nose. I reached up to feel it and it stung on contact. I moaned and quickly pulled my hand away.
“Sorry about that.” Shane said as he reached his arm down to help me up. “I had someone punch you to knock you out and you fell face first to the floor.” 
“Sonic?” I mumbled out as I cleared my throat. The one with the slick black hair that looked like Sonic the Hedge Hog. I never saw it coming.
“Who?” Asked Shane with a curious smile. He was acting so like himself, like this was a normal day. A normal conversation. Was this even real? I felt my head rushing as I rose to my feet. A dizzying feeling came strong.
“Whoa now. You should sit back down.” Shane guided me back to a seating position. I didn’t realize this before, but I was on a bed, the softest bed I ever sat on. After my vision focused in the dim lighting of the room, I began to look around. Next to the blacked out window, there was a large plant that reached up to the ceiling. It didn’t look real. A real plant wouldn’t be able to survive in such darkness. Each nightstand had a lamp on it. The lamps looked like they were golden. Not made out of it, but the color of it. There was a dresser against the opposite wall of the bed. It had statues of heads with shoulders, and they had no bodies.
Shane watched me looking around, still with that glee of excitement in his eyes. “This is our Roman themed room. You like it?”
Why was I sitting in a Roman themed room with Shane? And just then…at that very moment a rush of remembrance came to me. This wasn’t a dream. All this was really happening.
“WHERE’S DEAN!” I shouted as I shot up.
Shane’s smile faded, but suddenly formed again in a matter of seconds. “Hopefully dead.”
I shoved Shane and bolted for the door. Before I could even reach it, he was standing before it. Holding his hands out in front of him, signaling me to halt. 
“Mindy…you can’t escape.” Shane said matter -of-factly.
“What the heck are you doing Shane! You can’t just kidnap me! Get out of my way!” I shouted in his face. “I have to go look for Dean!”
     Shane nodded his head and took a step towards me. I stepped back, but in a quick motion he gripped my arms. It was gentle the way he did it, like he was trying not to hurt me. Then, he guided me towards the bed again and sat me down. I struggled against his hold on me, but I couldn’t manage to budge an inch. Shane lowered himself to eye level with me and took a quick meaningless breath.
“Deans dead. Believe me, he would have been here a long time ago if he was alive. He’s like the terminator.” Shane said.
I gulped at the knot forming in my throat. “You killed him!” I accused. He was only holding onto my arms, which meant my feet were loose, so I started kicking at Shane. He jerked his body away from me so he wouldn’t get kicked releasing my arms in the process. Anger took over me; it was a horrible feeling that controlled my actions. I started swinging at Shane and smacking him. He didn’t hit back. He only blocked himself and backed away. I followed and shoved him against the wall, smacking at his chest until I was exhausted. 
I stepped back huffing with tears in my eyes. The tears poured out of my eyes and I covered my face with my hands to have a little privacy from Shane. I couldn’t believe Dean was dead. We weren’t together anymore. He didn’t want me, but I still was in love with him. I couldn’t believe I was left in a world without him. A picture of his smile and his bright eyes popped in my head. And the way he kissed me the first time behind the waterfall. It wasn’t a full blown make-out kiss, but something that meant so much more. The way he stroked my hair out of my face and kissed my forehead. A gesture that I treasured more than he would ever know. I sobbed and yelled out in anger and desperation. Then I felt Shane wrap his arms around me in an embrace to calm me down. Immediately, I broke his hold by waving out my arms and I shoved him away from me. “Don’t touch me!” I yelled out to him.
For the first time, I saw him frown. It looked full of meaning, as if he were slightly saddened by my outburst. “Don’t tell me you feel that much for him?”
My crying was calmed by my anger. I only stared at him as tears continued to rush down my face.
Shane studied me. “You loved him?” He asked with the same frown on his lips. I still did not answer. After studying my face for what seemed like a very long moment, he got his answer. I caught his eyebrows scrunching together as he turned towards the door. Shane opened it and stood at the entrance without looking at me. “Call out my name if you need me. I’ll be right outside.” Then he shut the door softly behind him.
I shuddered when the knob clicked shut.
 

 
 
THE SUN WAS BEGINNING TO RISE; I had never been more pissed to see it cast its light on everything. Usually it was because it scared off the vampires crawling around. Anything that prevented me from killing them was sure to be on my bad side. Today, this morning, it was different. The sun meant that too many hours had passed since my Lina was taken.
I stomped across the grass wanting whatever bug or living thing that was under my foot to die with the impact. I would find no vampires with the sun scaring them off. The only one that was able to give up Lina’s location was a pathetic sack of shit that got sent back to guard the forest entrance. I should have killed him for making me lose the last chance I had of catching up to them. 
I stared at the waterfall. A wince of pain shot me in the gut. Just yesterday, Lina was here with me, bandaging my cut. How badly I wanted to reach down and stroke her hair. Her hair was as wild and fierce as the fire she ignited in me. I remembered her looking up at me with hope and pain in her beautiful eyes. She should have never felt anything other than happiness and because of me…she was broken.
I was running out of time. I jumped on my bike and headed home. I walked through the front door and swung it hard behind me. The door hit the wooden frame with a strong impact. I would have to fix the cracked panels later. I should have stepped lightly down the wooden steps of the basement to prevent cracking them. I hadn’t dealt with this rage in a long time. Everything in my path was bound to get crumbled. I took my shirt off and balled it up. I paced back and forth in front of the thing, waiting for it to speak. All the black haired porcupine did was snarl, a soft warning snarl. The kind I imagined a pathetic kitten making with no effect on the menacing beast that stood before it. His jet black hair was slicked back into spikes last night. Now, most of it was missing patches and soaked in blood. His blood of course. The deep red eyes were staring at me with hatred that tried to cover up the fear. I threw my balled up shirt at his face. A split second of not looking at the thing was better than nothing. I grabbed a chair and flipped it around so that I could straddle it. I faced him with my arms resting on the backrest. He didn’t look too comfortable. Had he been a human, his hands and feet would have lost circulation by now. Each hand was tied against an armrest. The rope drilled into that pale skin so tight that it was beginning to look like it was one with the skin.   
“Where is she?” I growled expecting an immediate answer. 
“I can’t tell you! He’ll kill me!” He shrieked. “Come on. Let me go.” The thing pleaded. Its slanted eyes no longer held the fake hatred, it was much too consumed in terror.
“Where is she?” I asked savagely. I ran out of patience. This was the last time I was planning on wasting my breath on the vampire if he didn’t cough up anything to my interest.
“Where’s Crystal? I didn’t see her.” The thing asked me.
“If you’re referring to one of the females that attacked me…I killed one. NOW TELL ME WHERE SHE IS!” I roared in his face like a drill sergeant would to a soldier.
“Did you kill the one with the long black hair? Was she Asian?” The thing’s voice exploded out of him in desperation. “Those marks on your arm…there’s two of them. Is it true what they say? You finished off two clans? What were they called?”
I didn’t answer. He thought the skinny one that ran away was more important than my Lina. Not acceptable. And he was asking too many useless questions. It was time to get rid of this garbage I had sitting in my basement. I wasn’t sure how I was going to kill this one. Sure, I knew different techniques, but which one did he deserve? I looked over at the window. The screen was down blocking the sun out completely. The only light we had was the one coming from the tiny lamp next to the door.
“Why are you staring at the window? Are you going to-” When he came to the realization of his fate, he tried jumping out of the chair and the tight rope that constricted him from succeeding. “Please!” The thing cried out hysterically.
I didn’t care to listen anymore. He wasn’t going to tell me anything about Lina’s location, so there was no use for his existence anymore. I stalked over to the window and raised my hand to the curtain.
“I found it! I know where she is!” A voice called out in excitement.
“Don’t toy with me Markus.” I warned as I lowered my hand.
Markus ran down the stairs and headed to the washer and dryer pulling a folded paper out of his back pocket. He waved me over, but I was already standing beside him. He jumped a little when he realized I was already there. Markus shook the moment off and unfolded the paper setting it on the washer. 
“Do you think she’s still alive?” He asked me as if I was certain that the answer was yes. The boy was looking for hope that I needed to look for as well. 
The sharp pain stabbed at my near lifeless heart. If I lost her, that would be the end of me. If they hurt or kill her, I would destroy them all. Regardless of the rule that bounded me from randomly killing every vampire that I saw. I didn’t care if the vampire didn’t feed on humans; they still deserved the sharpest of my blades. Waldron could strip me of my powers for all I cared. Just as long as she was safe again. I’d die trying.
“She better still be alive.” I said grimly. 
“Okay. This is confusing so bear with me.” Markus pointed at the word ‘start’. The picture on the paper looked similar to the markings I had on my forearm. This one resembled the shape of an oval. I could make out circular squiggles around it that I assumed were trees. Markus needed to improve on his drawing skills. “You would have to enter here and go up this way then that…” He babbled until his finger landed on the word ‘finish.’ 
“How did you find this?” I asked as I studied the map.
“That’s not important. I found it. So don’t worry.” He tried to assure me.
“How Markus.” I demanded. For hours I’ve been trying to find what he found. I had to know.
“Well…umm.” Markus took a deep breath. “Just try to keep cool when you hear this. I know how you get.” He stuck out his chest and made an impression of me with a deep monstrous voice, “Dean smash!” He paused to take note that I was not laughing at his joke. Markus cleared his throat. ”See this tattoo on his-” He walked over to the vampire and stood behind it, “if I touch the vampire will he bite me? Mosquito bites are one thing but-” 
“He won’t bite you because I’ll kill him if he so much as moves a centimeter.” I glared at the vampire, daring it to give me that satisfaction.
“Cool.” Markus inched hesitantly towards the thing. He stood in front of it and looked at his wrist. “I can’t get to it with all that rope.” Markus pointed out while looking up at me. 
“Which one do you need me to untie?” I asked.
“Mindy said Shane had one on his right wrist. So let’s go for that one.” Markus said.
I untied the vampire’s right wrist and held a tight grip on it exposing the marking. It was like a maze with the tribal tattoo around it to give it an effect. “See this? Well apparently it’s a map. I did some research and all. Don’t ask me how. Long story. All I had to do was find the exact entrance to the forest. Because if you enter through the wrong side. Even through the wrong bushes…it throws the map off.” Markus looked up at the vampire. “So, you guys are born with it right? Or do you go to a tattoo shop?” He asked.
“Born. I guess you would call it that. A new life.” The thing snickered. “Yes, we’re born with it. It’s how the new vamps find their way to us. Sometimes we accidently turn someone when we drink. When humans turn, they start a whole different life. Fresh. They don’t know what they are or who they are. All memories are fresh.” He said calmly.
“You mean if I turn into a vamp…I won’t remember who I was as a human?” Markus asked with curiosity. “How long does it take for someone to turn? How can it be an accident?”
“Very few of us remember our past lives as humans. A small fraction are born into the vampire life with complete knowledge of who they were. It’s blinking into a different breed.” Said the vampire. “And the turning…it depends. When I say accidently, that’s when we’re feeding off of someone and some of our blood makes contact with a cut the victim has. Sometimes we run into a feisty meal and we get clawed at. There’s also the times we are being intimate with a human-”
“Intimate.” I interrupted with disgust.
“Yeah. During foreplay, we have the human taste some of our blood. It’s like a high they get. Then they are more willing and less feisty. With all the blood being involved, ours gets mixed with the humans if we’re not careful. It takes those victims much longer to turn since they have little vampire blood working through their system. It could take them days to turn. When it’s purposely done, it only takes minutes.
“Purposely done? What is the procedure?” Markus asked with too much curiosity.
“The human has to be drained. Then we have them suck some of ours. It doesn’t take much of our blood for them to turn. Just as long as their blood is drained.” The vampire explained.
“Let’s get back to telling me how you found Lina.” I said through clenched teeth. 
Markus looked up at me and his hands started to shake nervously as he walked back to his map on the washer. “Here goes Dean. Get ready.” Another deep breath. “I went back to the forest to try to find signs of a struggle. Anything that would lead me to believe that they were there. It’s kind of hard finding them because deer are always trampling everywhere. But I found blood on the ground. I think it was Mindy’s blood.” He paused and looked up at me, expecting something to happen. He was right to believe it.
Fury surged through me taking over my body and mind. I whirled around to the demon sitting on MY chair, in MY basement. He was in on it and he helped spill Lina’s blood. I grabbed him by the neck and raised him up above me. I squeezed harder and harder until I felt snaps under my fingers. The things eyes were popping out as it struggled to break free. I walked over to the window and released one of my hands from his neck. I pulled the curtain open, letting the glorious sun shine through. It landed right on the demons face and arm. The pale skin started turning black. Like dipping a piece of paper into fire. And like a paper catching on fire, so did the vampire. I threw the thing down and watched it roll around, trying to use its own body to scuffle the fire.
“Wait!” Markus called out. “We still need him! He knows his way around the mansion. We won’t be able to find Mindy without him!” He frantically called out to me.
The demon screamed. He had a rather deep voice. It sounded like a giant monster screaming for his life. “He’s right! I can show you!” The vampire cried out.
Disappointment came over me. I wanted to watch this one die. I grabbed the bucket of water I had used throughout the night to put out other fires I started on him. I drizzled the water on the flames until there was nothing but smoke coming off of him. I shut the window again and untied him. His skin was already starting to heal itself, but he still laid there. Probably in too much pain. Good. I smiled in satisfaction.
“I feel bad.” Markus drawled. 
“Don’t. Vampires deserve to burn.” 
“Not that.” Markus folded the map and put his head down. “I kept all of this from Mindy. I shouldn’t have. When I found out what you really were, I should have told her. All I did was avoid the topic and hint her to stay away from you.” He absently handed the map to me. “I feel like I abandoned my best friend when she needed me the most.”
“You did the right thing. She couldn’t know about all this. I was the one that put her in danger by getting close to her. Everything would have been fine if I hadn’t.” I huffed out.
“I can’t believe I thought you were a vampire.” Markus laughed out.
I remembered the vampire on the floor. “Hurry up and heal. I don’t want your limping slowing me down.” I said to the thing. I didn’t even look at it as I walked to the other side of the basement. I unlocked my weaponry chest and it creaked as I opened it. On top, there was a worn out basketball, a picture of my parents and me, and other knick knacks I had memories of. It was all a cover up in case my aunt ever opened this box. I removed the top tray that contained all my childhood memories and gently set it aside trying not to disturb the arrangements. All my weapons for killing vampires were arranged at the bottom of the chest. 
“Cool!” Markus exclaimed with the same monotone. There was only a slight pitch in his tone you could miss easily if you weren’t paying attention. He leaned over me gazing at the weapons as a child would at a new shiny toy.
Behind me, I could hear cloth rubbing hard against the surface of the floor. The grunting of the injured demon was soft, but loud enough to grab my attention. I kept my ear out to see how far the vampire would go before I interrupted his already failed escape. 
“What are these?” Markus pulled up one of the black vests from the chest. I didn’t answer. This boy was good at figuring stuff out. I gave it a minute or two. “They’re not bullet proof because it doesn’t really cover your back or your chest with these straps.” Markus turned the vest in circles, inside out, you name it. “I got it! This is where you slip the throwing knifes in. These small pockets look like they can fit pencils in it or something.” He took a quick glance in the chest. “Darts. These are for those darts. But where’s the one for that cool looking knife you got in there?” He asked while examining the vest again. Then handed it to me so I could put it on.
“I strap it to my leg.” I stated. I grabbed the strap and wrapped it around my thigh. This boy. Something about him let me talk easily. I hated conversations with people. I more like detested it. With Lina, I had a hard time because of all the secrets I kept inside. Everything was easier with Markus.
I reached down for my favorite knife, the one that was lying next to my father’s body the night my parents were killed. I’d killed hundreds of vampires with it. Even then, the black blade never dulled. I could still see my reflection in it. I wrapped my hand around the black jewels that were incrusted in the handle and secured it in the pocket of my thigh. The sword was already on my bike, but I wasn’t going to drive it today, it made to much noise. It would ruin my surprise attack. There were also throwing knives I strapped around my chest, all made out of the same metal as my sword and knife. Lastly, I slid the darts into their sockets. Anything else would slow me down. 
“Why do you have a smaller vest?” Markus asked as he pulled out the other vest.
“I used it when I was smaller.” I said.
“You mean you weren’t born buff?” Markus replied with a joke. I didn’t laugh; I just nodded my head and reached for my black leather jacket.
“Whoa…dude, you totally look like a slayer with all that black leather. The pants, the jacket, they’re so cool!” Markus smiled widely.
“You’ve never seen a slayer Markus,” I stated.
“I used to watch a show. She was hot…” Markus rambled on about the show as I walked towards the stairway. 
I looked up at the crawling vampire who was reaching for the door to the kitchen. “I wouldn’t do that if I were you.” I warned. “I opened all the windows. Unless you want to be a flaming mosquito, I suggest you come back down.” I tilted my head and envisioned the vampire on fire. Immediately, I smiled.
“Hey, don’t we have to take him with us right now anyway? How is he supposed to survive?” Markus asked. He said ‘we’. The boy thought he was going with me. I’d break the bad news to him later.
“Wait. We’re going now? It’s still daylight. I can’t go out there!” The thing cried out.
“You didn’t have a problem with it a minute ago when you tried escaping.” I snapped at him. He was standing now, almost healed. I didn’t really care if he burnt to a crisp out there. I had to keep reminding myself that I needed him in the mansion. “We’ll take an umbrella.”
“I’m not like Shane.” He said. “Shade isn’t enough for me. His skin has adapted to shade since he’s been outside everyday practicing.” 
Hearing Shane’s name made my blood boil. 
“I thought Shane was after Mindy. Not practicing? Wait…what do you mean practicing?” Markus stumbled his words in confusion. 
“After discovering his power of controlling shadows, he was sent to school to collect Mindy. In the mean time he strengthened his control over shadows.” Said the vampire.
“Why didn’t he just snag her on the first day? Why did he wait so long?” Markus asked.
“Because he’s the only one that could be out during the day. He had no back up to fight Dean. And he couldn’t handle him by himself. Even at night, Dean was always watching over Mindy. Shane was too, but he never got the chance to get her without Dean hanging around. His distraction gave us the chance to create more vampires as a small army to face Dean.” The vampire turned to me. “It was a big distraction. We were able to do things we never could do on your watch.”
“I don’t get it.” Markus turned to me. “Why didn’t you just kill him when you knew he was going to school with us?” 
“Slayers aren’t allowed to harm vampires if they haven’t attacked a human. There are some vampires that prefer to eat off of animals and steal from blood drives and such. To my knowledge, Shane didn’t feed off of humans.” I said.
“What happens if you do?” Markus asked.
“My powers. Whatever you call them gets taken away and I’ll be the same as the rest of the humans.” 
“How would they find out?” Markus asked.
“Waldron. The one who turned me, has watchers everywhere. It’s a way for him to see if a town needs another slayer he could send. And a way to keep an eye on us.” I said.
The vampire was standing up tall now. His skin looked healed under the burnt holes in his clothes. It was time to go.
“Does the shade kill you?” I asked it.
“No. But it hurts. Real bad. The shade only blocks seventy five percent of the rays from the sun.” He admitted while shuddering at the thought.
“In that case. The umbrella will do.” I said coldly. 
I grabbed a chain hanging on the wall and wrapped one end to the demon’s neck locking it in place. The other end, I wrapped around my forearm and held the remaining part in my hand.
“Do I look like a dog to you?” The thing muttered out.
“No. You look like walking shit to me. Something that came out of a dog.” I said flatly.
Now I had to break it to Markus that he wasn’t going. His work here was done. I opened the door to the kitchen and yanked on the chain. The demon ran behind me to cover himself from the open window. That was right; I had to keep this one alive. I was always trying to kill them, I never thought I’d have to keep one from dying. Markus ran to the window and shut the blinds. I grabbed a throw blanket from the couch and cut two holes in it with one of my daggers where his eyes would be. I handed him some sun glasses and threw the blanket over him. This should have been more efficient then an umbrella.
“What weapon should I use?” asked Markus.
“What makes you think you’re going?” I coldly retorted.
“She’s my friend. I want to help.” Markus sadly said.
“You’ve helped enough. I’ll handle the rest. The mansion will be filled with vampires. I don’t need you getting in my way.” 
“This is bull! You wouldn’t have found her if it wasn’t for my investigation!” Markus blurted out in an effort to convince me. It wasn’t working.
I reached the front door and turned to him. He was a slow boy. I noticed that during the times he would follow me. He discovered what I was and hadn’t left me alone ever sense. He was trustworthy though, I had to give him that. He never told Mindy he was spending most of his time trying to help me. I would always brush him off, but he clung on. I couldn’t let him get hurt. He was much too slow to be able to react in a vampire fight. 
“Markus. You can’t come. I won’t have it.” I stepped outside and left him standing before the doorway. The look of disappointment and sadness etched his face. He was a child being denied a trip to the toy store and left behind. I forced myself to shut the door on his face and not look back.
And I was off to be in the biggest battle of my life.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
I DIDN’T KNOW HOW MAY HOURS HAD PASSED, it had to be several. My stomach was roaring for me to feed it. I couldn’t tell if the sun was still out or not because of the blacked out windows. I stared at the bodiless statue on the ground. I lost count of how many times I had thrown it against the window in hopes that it would break and I could run free. It must have been bullet proof or something because I couldn’t get it to crack. My eyes stung from all the crying I did when I found out about Dean’s death. I thought it might have left me dehydrated. I closed my eyes to calm the sting, but it didn’t make a difference.
A knock came at the door followed by it opening. Shane popped his head in with a bright smile. I stayed sitting on the bed. When he saw that it was safe to come in, he slowly walked in shutting the door behind him. One of his arms was pulled behind his back, like he was hiding something back there.
“How are you feeling?” Shane asked as he stepped right up to me.
“Let me go.” I responded.
“I brought you something to make you feel better.” Shane said with hope. He brought his hand out exposing a bouquet of lavender flowers, just like the plant in my room. “I wanted to get you the ones on your night stand but you never invited me in your house so…” he shrugged his shoulders.
Shane set them in my hand, but I didn’t bother to grab them. Noticing this, he gently closed my fingers on the bouquet. I held on and in one quick motion, I threw it at the black window. The lavender crashed softly against it, then fell to the ground. Purple stems bounced against the ground and separated from each other. There were small purple petals scattered. “There goes my theory of flowers being able to break windows.” I said coldly.
     “Wow. That’s not how I had this pictured in my mind at all.” Shane examined the flowers and then looked at me in surprise. “Good thing I didn’t bring you a kitten.” he sighed out in fake relief.
My stomach growled again.
“Hungry? You want me to bring you something?” Shane asked casually. I looked away and nodded my head. “No?” He walked over to the dresser and pulled himself up to it in a sitting position. “I know what you want. Answers. Then can we have a truce?” he asked.
“What do you want with me?” I asked right away.
“All I can say is my boss has plans for you.” He said as he rested his hands on the edge of the dresser to keep the balance I knew he didn’t need.
“What plans? What the heck would he want with me?” I hissed.
“Persistent are we?” Shane half smiled. “Believe me beautiful, I’m eager for you to know, but rules are rules. Next question?” 
“How is Dean involved in any of this?” I asked with hurt in my voice. The mention of his name made me want to break down again, but I refused to in front of Shane.
“Ah…the question that sums it all up.” Shane paused as if to think of how he would start. “I am a vampire, as you know. And Dean…” He said his name with annoyance. “….is a slayer, vampire hunter, the big bad, whatever you want to call it.”
“Then why were you guys so buddy buddy at school? Why didn’t he ever kill you if you’re a vampire?” I asked.
“Well, Dean is like the law in my world. You have your police officers that only make arrests when crimes have been committed and there has to be proof or evidence. Dean can only kill vampires when we have harmed a human. Which sucks because how can we feed? Right? Totally unfair.” Shane jumped off the dresser and began to pace back and forth in front of me. “Anyways, that’s why he could never do anything to me. I’m innocent. Believe me, when he got in my face the first day I showed up at your school, I had to give him a reminder of the rules. I’m not powerful enough to beat him just yet.”
“What if he had broken the rules?” I asked.
“Then, the head of the slayers takes his abilities away. Then he’ll be like the rest of the humans.” Shane said with a smile.
“I wish he were alive so he could kill you.” I said to myself darkly.
“Ouch!” Shane brought his hand up to where his heart should be and pressed. “Even if he were alive, he still can’t touch me. I haven’t harmed you. But he can go after my boss because he gave the order to take you.” He jumped off the dresser and walked up to me. “By the way, I was the one watching you at night.”
“What!” I screeched.
“I was sent to your school to collect you. That night you were with your dog in the forest…if Dean hadn’t showed up, I would have taken you that night.” Shane began to pace back and forth across the room. “In fact…he was in the way all the time watching over you. Like that night I walked you home, remember that figure behind the tree? That was Dean. If it wasn’t me looking up at your window at night, it was him. That’s when I realized he had a thing for you and pretty soon after, you two got close. I had to assemble a team to take you by force because my time was running out.” He turned to me with a broad proud smile that belonged on a toothpaste commercial. “And now…here you are.”
Someone knocked on the door. 
“Come in.” Shane answered.
A girl with long black hair stepped in. She was the same one that helped Shane kidnap me. I’d recognized that Asian doll anywhere. The strangest thing was that when she saw me sitting on the bed, she smiled at me. It was a smile of appreciation. What kind of kidnapping was this if they were so nice to their captives?
She turned back to Shane and said, “He’s here.” then, she spun around and made her way out of the room closing the door behind her.
“Looks like it’s time for you to get some answers.” Shane said as he reached his hand to me. An invitation to go with him?
“Please Shane. Let me go.” I pleaded. 
“No can do.” Shane said as he grabbed my hand and pulled me off the bed. “And I don’t want to.” he admitted shyly.
I followed behind him as he guided me through the long hallway, contemplating on whether I should try to make a run for it. But I knew it would be no use. Vampires were too strong and too fast. I was just a human.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
AS WE APPROACHED THE FOREST, I examined the map to see what tree marked the entrance we were supposed to take. The map looked like it was etched up by a five year old. There were two squiggly circles with a crooked line below them drawn right next to each other. I scanned the trees to see if there was anything similar. One grew up sideways, then reached up. There was another one next to it with similar attributes. It looked like they purposely grew this way together. Markus had done a good job at finding this place. He was great at investigating. After all, he did figure out what I was while everyone else was blind to my actions. 
The vampire walking next to me had smoke coming out through the blanket. I imagined myself tearing the blanket off of him to see him fry up and disappear. I smirked at the enjoyment of just imagining it. We drew in closer to the entrance between the two deformed trees. I shouldn’t have looked at the ground. Damn it. There were trickles of dry blood on the dirt. Lina’s blood, Markus wasn’t sure it was hers. I on the other hand always thought the worse. Anger wouldn’t have even begun to describe what had started up inside me. My eyes were burning from the fire blazing under my skin. I turned to the demon I had chained around the neck. If it wasn’t for him, I would have caught up with Lina. I could have saved her. This thing was blocking the entrance when I finally approached it, taking precious seconds away. The little weasel kept slipping through my fingers while I was fighting him, just enough time to make me lose track of Shane and Lina. The fire inside me wanted to burn him to a crisp. How I hated keeping this one alive. The same thing with Shane, everyday at school, I had to put up with him. He acted natural with his jokes and comments. People around us might have thought we were actual friends. He was only hanging around me to taunt me because he knew I couldn’t touch him. Not being allowed to lay a hand on vampires that didn’t hurt humans was the most ridiculous rule. The only rule that bound me as a slayer. Waldron, the one who changed me, made it very clear that my abilities would be removed if I did. He called them class V, the one’s that didn’t feed off humans. To me, they should all burn in the flaming depths of hell. Shane made a sure arrangement to be there when he made my Lina bleed.
I pulled on the chain to make the thing pick up the pace, even though he already was walking the same speed. A little reminder of who was in charge wouldn’t hurt.
It was shaded in the woods. Rays of light were scattered in our path. The thing stopped sizzling while we walked under the shade, but it still kept the blanket on. After what seemed like hours of taking rights, lefts, circles, we finally approached where the house was supposed to be. From a distance the area looked like a bunch of trees huddled together. I checked out the map. There was a round squiggle much bigger than the others with the word finish on it. This had to be it. I carefully approached the bundle of trees and peaked in through an opening. It was the biggest house I’d ever seen. Large full trees surrounded the place like a gate made out of nature. The house had to be as wide as an acre, with the whole forest as the yard. The windows were black like a limo. Smart move on keeping the sun out. 
“Give me an idea of what I’m looking at.” I told the vampire as we crouched down.
“That house has nine bedrooms. Three masters and…” He started counting with his fingers. “I think six bathro-”
“I’m not buying the house! Tell me where she is. Where they would keep her? How many of you there are.” I lashed out.
“I don’t know. There’s a basement. There are a lot of hidden passageways though.” He trembled out.
“Why would you things need that?” I sternly asked.
“Well…it was in case you ever found the place. We are prepared.” He said with a hint of pride.
“Where do the passageways lead to?” I asked.
“Some lead outdoors. Others that are in the bedrooms lead either to the outside or to the room connected with it. Only one leads to the basement.” He said.
“Where is the one that leads to the basement?” I asked growing impatient with his short answers. I wanted all the information at once, so I could get to the killing already.
“The fridge. It’s a place you would never look because…you know…” It looked away. “We don’t eat food. I mean we can but-”
“Is there any way out of the basement to the outside?” I harshly interrupted.
“There’s a window in one of the rooms, but that’s it.” The vampire said.
“How many are there?” I asked.
“There’s the five that stayed home to wait for us. How many did you kill again?” The vampire asked.
“Three escaped.” I said coldly.
He cleared his throat. “So that’s eight. Wait. Do I count myself?” He asked.
“Not unless you want to be one of the nine that dies.” I dared.
“Eight! There’s definitely and only eight.” He paused. “Can you not kill one of them? The girl with the long black hair? Crystal.” He asked. I could tell by the look on his pathetic face that he was scared for her.
“If you lead me to Lina. I won’t kill the female. Just make sure to keep her out of my way.” I tugged on the vampire’s chain to make sure I had its complete attention. “If you dare trick me. Your witch will be my target.” I warned.
“Deal. No tricks.” He assured me and exaggeratedly shook his head in agreement.
The vampire took the blanket off and left the glasses on. When his skin made contact with the shade, small amounts of smoke rose off his skin. I removed the chain from its neck and tucked the chain in a bush next to me. The vampire jerked its head toward the house and we were off. We ducked behind tree after tree until we reached the front steps to the door. It looked like the double doors to a castle. The thing signaled me to follow him to a window. I started to smell the burning scent of its skin. The shade really wasn’t enough for them. The vampire cracked the window and peeked through it. Then the thing opened it and pulled itself in. I pulled myself up to the window and made sure the room was secure. Then I followed behind.
I’d never seen a bathroom so elegant. It looked like something out of a five star hotel. Everything was spotless. The thing shut the window behind us and the room became dark. The house was already covered by the shade of the trees and the dark windows letting in only a miniscule fraction of light. 
“I can hear someone.” The thing poked its ear out to get a better read on what he was listening to. “There’s someone sitting in the hallway. There’s always one of us out there on patrol. He’s on the left side in a squeaky chair.” 
I felt around my chest and took out a dart. My aim was good, but I never tried it out in the dark. A training method I’d have to start practicing after this was over. Carefully I opened the door. I didn’t stick my head out yet. Vampires could see in the dark, I didn’t know how clearly. In a split second, he was already at the door. Immediately I stabbed him in the gut with the dart.
“That’s not going to do anything.” The vampire helping me whispered. Then as he finished saying that, the vampire I had just stabbed dropped to the ground.
“Holy water.” I informed.
“That kills us?” He asked softly.
“No. It paralyzes you temporarily.” I added. Then I took my knife out and sliced his neck. “This kills your kind.” A poof of lighted ashes took over the body. It looked like fireworks in the middle of the night. One vampire down. I grabbed the clothes left behind by the ashes and threw them in the bathtub. The hallways weren’t as dark as the bathroom. There were night lights spaced every so often. I didn’t hear any noises. I didn’t believe there were anymore vamps on that floor. 
“Some of us sleep during the day out of boredom.” The thing whispered. “The rest are most likely guarding her.”
“To the basement.” I ordered as quietly as I could.
“You’ll be able to see better down there. There are dim lights everywhere. It takes some energy out of us to be able to focus in complete darkness. It’s more comfortable when it’s dim.” He whispered.
“Will they smell me?” I asked. It was better to be ready if I couldn’t sneak around.
“Not unless you have an open cut.” The vampire whispered.
We reached the fridge. It was like having the front of a fridge as a door. After opening it, it was a normal entrance. There was a hallway that led to a stairway. We quietly tip toed to the stairway. I heard voices, but above all, I heard Lina. She was screaming. She was alive. The opening to the stairway was huge. I saw the vamps walking around. Not knowing that death was upon them. The one with the black hair crossed. She was skinny and had big eyes with a chest that couldn’t be real. I remembered how difficult it was getting her to let loose of me. Right when I was about to slash her, she was pulled away by the other two.
“That’s her.” Whispered the excited vampire next to me. “She’s alive!”
“Just remember our deal.” I told him.
“I’ll keep her away. We’ll flee when I get to her. I promise. You’ll never see me again.” he smiled while staring at her.
“How many rooms are down there?” I controlled my breathing. The adrenaline was surging through me. The time was here. I was going to kill them all.
“There’s a huge room at the very end. A hallway leads to it. The two rooms before it are small. There’s a cage in the big room. She’s most likely in it.” The vampire added quietly.
A pale figure crossed the entrance. He was pacing. This figure didn’t have stylish hair like the others. His head was buzzed. This guy was bigger than me by far, especially his arms. A flash back hit me with a painful blow. The bloody arm I had seen when I was just a kid appeared in my head. My parent’s blood was on that same arm. The blind rage took over me.
Darcel. I found him.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Years ago, after I found my parents dead, a large man approached me offering me something I didn’t care to understand. I just accepted it if it meant revenge.
“I am Waldron. Consider me somewhat of a mentor; I was your fathers for many years.” Waldron stood a few feet away from me. He began rolling his sleeves up over his massive forearms. The skin lying under was like a bronzed copper. A combination I didn’t know existed. From the details of his face, I thought he might have been African American, but his skin was different.
When Waldron mentioned my father, I glared up at him. “Who did this? Why?” I froze, the strange man that grinned at me down the street passed through my head. I remembered the blood splatter on his arm and I realized, he was the one who murdered them. Rage burned through my eyes because I had been face to face with him after it happened. “He was there, in front of me.” I clenched my teeth together and squeezed my fists so hard they were losing circulation, “And I did nothing!”
“Calm yourself. I need you to relax.” All of a sudden, Waldron’s eyes were glowing blue. He was focusing right on my face, my head…my brain. His body was stiff. I looked down at his hands, they were also glowing. Then, blue flame like figures appeared, dancing in his palms. The glow on his eyes grew brighter.
“What the hell are you doing?” I jumped to my feet.
“SIT DOWN.” Waldron’s voice commanded. I did what I was told, only because I didn’t know what else to do.
Waldron raised his hands from his side and stuck them out in front of him. He approached me with his hands leveled with my head and clasped them to my temple. 
“This is going to sting,” Waldron warned. 
The glowing flames on his hands formed around my head, but they did not burn. Waldron gripped my head tightly and closed his eyes. The flames spread out away from my head, then quickly formed back together and slammed against it. I felt the flames trying to get in through my skin. The pain was immense. It was as if the flames were tearing my skin, slicing through it frantically like a crazed cat. I couldn’t scream. I couldn’t run away because of Waldron’s strong grip on my head. He was holding me down without a single movement. This large man had become a flaming statue. 
The flames sliced through my skin and started drilling at my skull. There wasn’t a spot on my skull where I didn’t feel the agonizing pain.  I tried to rip away the hands that were clasped to my head like a vise, but they wouldn’t move an inch. The flames were trying to get into my head; the ones that hadn’t passed the skin were still slicing through it. 
I couldn’t breathe; the pain was so immense that my body was only trying to survive the torture. The flames got through my skull, immediately stabbing at my brain and the bolts of flames were tearing through it. With all the strength I had left, I picked my body up by grabbing onto his outstretched arms and lifted my feet up aiming for Waldron’s torso. I reeled back my legs then lunged my feet at him with no success. Then I aimed for his thighs, but it was as if I were kicking a statue. My legs got weak and dropped back to the ground. I swore my skin was being peeled of slowly, making sure that I felt as much pain as a person could possibly withstand. Even the drilling through my skull slowed down. The stabbing at my brain was the worst, it was being brutally torn apart. Once the flames got to the center of my brain, they swirled around and shot down the muscles along my spine. The flames spread out into every muscle they came across digging their way and sinking in. The agonizing torture that was being bestowed on me was sure to be killing me, but I wouldn’t die.
The flames slowly disappeared and the blue hue that was surrounding Waldron was leaving him. It crept up his legs, up his torso, and through his hands. It surrounded my head and slowly crept into the openings of my skin and through the holes in my skull. This glow didn’t hurt me, it was just cold. It went into the tears of my brain and spread out through every muscle of my body. Even though this glow was cold, it didn’t take away any of the pain. The cold just past through leaving the agony behind and sunk into my muscles from head to toe. It was finally over.
Waldron released his grip on my head and my near lifeless body dropped to the floor. I laid on my back and couldn’t move any part of my body. The shock to my brain and body left them throbbing like a migraine. My eyes were closing. I couldn’t keep them open because I didn’t have the strength to. 
Waldron stood still for a moment. He was stiff with his arms to the side. His stone body turned back to normal and his light blue eyes turned back to their dark brown color. He slowly walked up to me lying still on the floor. My eyes were halfway open staring up into nothing and my skin was pale.    
“Isolation is the key to your survival. You must never get close to anyone. You must not let anyone get close to you. Your enemy will know who you are so always keep guard,” Waldron warned. I closed my eyes during Waldron’s warnings, I still heard him talking until I was completely out.

I never saw him again after that night. Waldron had given me the power to have my revenge. That was all I wanted and needed. I shut everyone out of my life. Even my Lina. Ever since then, I had loved her. I should have kept my distance. I should have kept her safe. Now she was at the hands of this soulless killer. I would not allow her to die at his hands. SHE WILL NOT DIE!!
Venom spurred throughout my body. It was charging me with the rage of a thousand crazed bulls. I found it hard to keep my composure. I had to charge at him. I had to give him everything I had before my fury destroyed me. I scanned around the dim downstairs. From what I could see, only three vampires were at the bottom of the stairs. Darcel was now out of sight. The thing next to me was trembling. He sensed my rage. Just as animals sensed fear. Now was the time. Take it or leave it. I pulled out two darts. Quickly, I shot at the two demons below me. When they dropped, I had to strike quickly. Because when their bodies crashed to the floor, all the vampires would hear. Then it began.
They dropped side by side. Their eyes were staring in horror at the site of me. Paralyzed in every part of their bodies, all they could do was stare at the monster flying down the stairs at them. I pulled out two knifes from my vest and leaped landing in between them. In one clean motion, I slashed their necks at the same time. The flying flames scattered in the air. What was left of the vampires floated down to the ground. Straight ahead, I saw a huge vampire coming at me. He came charging at me and bashed me against the wall. He pushed against me and the wall, crushing me. Any longer and my bones would start to crack. I still had a knife in each hand. I stabbed at his sides repeatedly, ignoring the fact that I was getting the air pushed out of me. The vampire rhino stumbled back, just enough for me to slip out from under his reach. The crimson blood was spewing out of his sides running down his legs. The one knife I was able to yank back out of him was dripping with blood. I gripped onto it tighter so it wouldn’t slip out of my hand. The vampire was trying to take out one of the knives I left in his stomach. Before he could pull it out I ran up to him and stabbed him in the thigh. I felt a light one jump on my back and dig its claws into my face. A familiar feeling. The one with the black hair did the same to me the night of the attack. I tried to shake her off. Where was the demon helper anyway? I grabbed a handful of her long hair and tossed her at the stumbling rhino. They both fell to the ground. That’s when the demon helper grabbed her and tried to pull her away.
“What? No! I can’t leave!” The black haired one shouted. 
“Come on.” The demon helper wrapped his arms around her waist and picked her up. She kicked, but it wasn’t to hurt him.
Then the witch did something that made me regret not killing her. She screamed. A high pitched scream that rang in my ears. I felt like she had dug her hands in my ears and stabbed my eardrums with her long nails. I dropped to the ground and crawled to her. She was aiming the scream at me even though it still affected everyone else around that could hear. I tried getting back up so I could charge at her and end this, but I couldn’t pick up my head. Every time I tried, some force would pull it down and give it a higher jolt of pain in the process. The demon helper cried out in pain and his hand made way to her mouth, covering the scream. Then she accepted to leave with him. As he was pulling her away with him, she turned to me on the floor. A satisfied smile made its way on her doll face. That smile bothered me. 
     Ears still ringing, I jumped to my feet and charged at the injured vampire on the floor. He was holding one of his ears and the other hand was on the bloody leg. I pulled the knife out of his thigh and stabbed his neck, leaving the knife in it. I wasn’t able to slice his huge neck with this little knife. This would have to do for now. Another one came from behind me and bear hugged me. I couldn’t move my arms. I felt the daggers strapped to my chest begin to pierce my skin. Another vampire came up to me waving a bat. I threw my legs up and kicked him in the gut. He stumbled back, I took advantage and threw my head back bashing the bear hugger’s nose over and over again until he let go. Blood was spouting from his nose and the vampire cupped his hand on the bloody mess crying out. 
I spun around to the other vampire only to see a knife coming at me. It was too late to dodge this one. My own knife pierced my stomach. I swung at the vampire, punching him repeatedly in the face. With every swing I threw, my muscles around the knife clenched. That was when the shooting pain attacked my muscles. I managed to pull the knife out of me and stabbed the vampire in the shoulder. It was getting crowded. Already there was another vampire headed my way, plus the one with the bloody nose. I lost count of how many I had left to kill. It might have all been a lie. There might have been more then I could handle. The bear hugger got me again. Only this time, it was a tighter grip around my arms and chest. The air was again being squeezed out of me. I found myself wheezing. The vampire I had stabbed in the shoulder punched me in the gut, right were my wound was. A shrill of pain escaped me. Then the vampire took the knife out of his shoulder and held it up against my neck.
The bear hugger chuckled. “Time to die slayer.”
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
“I’m here!” Yelled out an excited voice. It was familiar. Way too familiar. No!
Markus leaped off the bottom step of the stairway. All heads turned his way, including the vampires holding me. Markus ran in our direction and leaped over the injured vampire. On contact with the ground, he attempted a roll a professional would do right before they were going to shoot. This was an embarrassment. He looked like an old man tripping and struggling to get up. The whole move was like we were watching the display in slow motion. Markus finally got to his feet and ripped open his pre-cut shirt. He had on the smaller vest, I used to use. I smiled in amusement, even though Markus and I were about to die. 
That’s when a couple of vampires were running down the stairs. Markus smiled proudly, not knowing the two vampires had him in their line of target. A strong emotion came over me. It wasn’t the pain in my stomach. Not the fear of dying. Not even all the vampires outnumbering me. It was the fear of this boy getting hurt. Usually, I didn’t want humans to get hurt by a vampire because it was my duty to protect them. There was never an emotional attachment. This time, I thought it was because I cared for him. I couldn’t let this happen. I was determined to get Markus away from these demons. 
The attention was on me again. Any sudden movements and the knife against my throat would penetrate, then, I would fail. But the knife pulled away from me. It was time for that sudden movement I was thinking about. I threw my head back and hit the bear hugger in the nose again. He gasped in pain, but he didn’t lose his grip like last time. The vampire with the knife dropped to the ground in front of me. When I looked back up, Markus was searching his vest, trying to get another dart ready. The vampires behind him were already reaching for him. The adrenaline shot through me and I bent forward picking up the bear hugger and charged at the nearest wall. The impact of his head with it caused his head to break through the wall leaving a hole. He released me and dropped to the ground. I sprinted to Markus and shoved him out of the way. I cringed when I heard the thud of him landing against something. I hoped the boy didn’t get hurt.
One of the vamps jumped on my back. It felt as light as the other females. Then, her teeth pierced my neck.
“No!” A shout came from the other vampire that was pulling her away from me. In the process, she tore a chunk of my skin as she tumbled with the other vampire to the floor. 
She began to convulse on the floor as if something inside her was attacking her. I’d never been bitten by a vampire before. I didn’t feel any different. I reached up to feel the wound on my neck. It was wet with my blood. I pulled my hand down to examine the blood and saw something completely different. It was white foam mixed with crimson. The vampire that yelled at her didn’t seem like he cared too much about her state. He brushed the situation off and came at me with his fist in the air. I quickly turned to check on Markus. He was slowly getting up from the ground. Good. He was okay. And what do you know…my sword was attached to a strap on his back. Good boy. I ran to him, pulled my sword out, turned around and sliced the vampire in half right when he was in arms reach of me. His body landed on the floor in front of me. It wasn’t dead yet. In a swift move, I cut its head off. Another came charging, I did the same. I finished them all off, the paralyzed, the injured, and the bear hugger. If there were any left, they had run off already. I walked up to the female that had bitten me. She was grabbing her neck and choking on something. Then her skin started to bubble. The surface looked like boiling water. She tried crying out, but could only make out a gargling noise. My blood was smeared on her lips and chin where it had also been bubbling. Then, her skin exploded into dancing flames that scattered in the air. 
The room was silent. I stared at the ashy floor before me. I’d never seen that happen to a vampire. Their skin never bubbled from drinking blood. It was supposed to give them more power, not kill them.
“Did we get them all?” Asked Markus while dusting himself off. With a triumphant smile, he approached me. He stood next to me and looked down with a puzzled look. “Why are you looking at that spot?” Markus asked.
“This vampire. It bit me and died.” I said.
“Cool!” Markus reached for my thigh and pulled a dart out of my skin. It had a bright orange sticker on it. “So this worked…sort of.”
“What are you talking about?” I asked, still confused.
“This orange dart was holy water mixed with my homemade garlic extract. I thought it would make an interesting combination. I wanted to see if it would work on a vamp.” He glanced at me and hesitated. “I uh-was aiming for the vampire that had a knife to your neck, but I accidently shot you with it instead.”
“Garlic doesn’t hurt vampires. I’ve tried it.” I informed Markus.
He rubbed his head and thought for a few seconds. “I guess it’s kind of like gasoline. We can touch it and it won’t hurt us, but if we drink or it’s injected in our system. It could be dangerous.” He continued, “When I shot the dart at you,” Markus held his hands up in surrender. “By accident! It went into your system and she drank it when she bit you. This is awesome! This means my experiment worked.” He placed the dart back into a slot on his vest and patted it.
For some reason, I still wasn’t convinced. The vampire that was with her shouted ‘no’ to her. As if he knew she wasn’t supposed to bite me. I shook the thought away. There was no time for this. It was time to get Lina.
I swiveled around and studied the long hallway. There was a room at the end of it. The door was wide open, but there was no sound. Lina was no longer screaming. As I stared at the opening, someone stepped in the doorway.
“I don’t know if this is important-” Markus said in the distance of my mind. 
He kept talking, but I wasn’t tuned in completely. The figure standing in the doorway had his arms crossed over his chest. It was too dim to make out what this person looked like. It was a man definitely. His feet were spread apart and his gaze didn’t leave me.
“The scream hurt my ears dude. Then after that-” 
The motionless figure was waiting for me. Daring me to come closer. 
“Then the car took off.” Markus didn’t finish. He paused and focused his attention where mine was. The room was so quiet after he finished speaking that I could clearly hear Markus gulp. His breathing quickened. He must have sensed the same thing I did. That this vampire wasn’t going to be easy. What Markus didn’t know was that this vampire was Darcel.
“It’s time for you to leave.” I jerked my head at Markus. “Now.” 
Markus blankly nodded his head in agreement. 
“Get into the sunlight. You’ll be safe there.” I ordered. 
In that instant, Markus headed for the stairs and disappeared from my sight. Darcel slowly made his way towards me and dropped his hands to his side. I braced myself and tightened my grip on the sword to make sure it was still there. My heart quickened, but it wasn’t from fear. I was anxious. For years I’d waited to be in front of Darcel once more so I could have my vengeance. And here we were.
A deep thunderous chuckle came from him as he stepped into the room with me. He was only ten feet away now. He looked confident.
“Slayer.” Another chuckle. “Let me guess…you’re here to have your revenge? How many times have I heard that from one of you?”
“I want the girl.” I commanded.
“What girl?” Darcel asked in an attempt to piss me off. Job well done. 
Darcel gave me the same grin as he did years ago. I glared at his arm. Even though it was clean, I still saw my father’s blood stained on his pale skin. The speckled red dots trailed from his hand, up to his elbow. I closed my eyes so I wouldn’t see it. So I wouldn’t hurt. But it hit me in spite of my attempt. That night, my father and I were playing catch in the front yard before my mother called us in to eat. We were having tacos that night and she needed lemons. I shouldn’t have gone to the back yard to grab some. I shouldn’t have chased the stupid dog down the neighborhood when he escaped from the yard after. I shouldn’t have left them. 
I opened my eyes. They ignited at the sight of Darcel. The flames were coursing through my veins and spewing into the rest of my body. What burned the most were my hands. They were aching and tense. I needed to let all this rage out before it destroyed me. I envisioned myself slicing his head off and scattering his ashes in the sunlight to destroy him forever. Just as I had to with the other two leaders I had killed. The thought alone didn’t satisfy me. I knew that even acting it out wouldn’t do the trick. I knew what I had to do. My body was aching for it. My hands were demanding it. I needed it. 
I looked into his eyes long enough to let him know what I was thinking. His hypnotic gaze was beginning to pull me in when I easily tore my eyes away. Vampires had compulsion. I knew how to avoid it. Darcel’s grin got wider. He knew what I had in mind. He rotated his shoulders and popped his knuckles to prepare himself. 
I unstrapped my vest from the shoulders and from around my chest. It dropped to the ground and I kicked it far from me. The darts and daggers skid along the floor with the vest until it crashed against the wall. The fury inside me was pounding against my skin, trying to burst out. I raised my sword and took a goodbye glance at it before throwing it to the side along with my vest. The pain in my hands worsened. They automatically bunched into tight fists. They were begging me to hit Darcel. And I was willing to satisfy their command.
Darcel sprinted at me with an incredible speed. He didn’t give me time to react. In a matter of seconds, I was thrown to the stairway. My back hit against the railing, breaking it on contact. The sting wasn’t as bad as when vampires throw me against trees in the forest. If I could handle that, then this was nothing. I brought myself back up to my feet only to find him charging at me again. Again, he was too fast for me to react. He had me pinned against the wall, staring me down with the same damn grin. 
“You having fun yet slayer?” Darcel chuckled, then slammed his fist in my gut. 
The wound in my stomach hurt before, but when he punched me there, it was as if I was being stabbed with ten knives at the same time. Darcel released me and I dropped to the ground grabbing my stomach, in an attempt to condense the intense pain. He was much stronger than regular vampires. I should have guessed. 
“Now what does this remind me of?” Darcel paced as I lay on the floor. “Ah yes…” He crouched down so I could hear him clearly. “This is just how your father was before I killed him. Lying helpless in a puddle of his own blood. You’re not bleeding that much yet, but we can arrange that.” 
Darcel raised his hand in the air and his nails extended into what looked like bear claws. They were black and probably as sharp as his fangs. His hand came down quick, but I managed to jerk my head out of the way and got enough momentum to kick Darcel in the back of the head. I ignored the shot of pain that attacked my stomach. I was too enraged for pain. I stumbled to my feet and stood up straight. 
Darcel stood up and examined his claws. “Your mother tasted good. Especially when she was screaming.” The fire came back to my hands. I needed to attack him. I needed to shut him up. “I’m sure Mindy will-”
I leaped from across the room and punched him in the mouth before he could finish. I was so fast in my action that he even looked surprised the split second before my fist made contact. His head flung back and I took a swing at his neck. Darcel stumbled back grabbing his neck. I’d never been hit there before; it looked like it hurt him. That was when I unleashed my fury on him. I did a number of jabs to his ribs, cracking a few with my punches. He clawed my chest. The blood ran down my chest connecting with the blood from my stomach wound. 
That was it, my hands no longer burned for hitting him. It was time to slice him up. I launched to the nearest knife. The knife was under a small pile of ash from the injured vampire. I could feel Darcel behind me. Without looking back, without any hesitation, I swung the knife behind me slicing a body part. I didn’t care what I sliced, as long as it inflicted pain on him. I got to my feet and whirled around to face him. He had his hand raised up to his face, three fingers were missing and sprouts of blood were in their place. Darcel yelled in pain and lunged at me. He was being messy with his fighting. I didn’t think he even had fighting skills. Just claws and strength. He didn’t know how to use them together in combat. He turned out to be a brute. Never the less, he still had a chance to beat me if he tried. 
Markus came running down the stairs. “Mindy’s gone! I can’t find her anywhere. I think they took her in that car!” 
“I told you to get the hell out of here!” I yelled savagely. 
“Did you hear me? I said Mindy’s gone.” Markus retorted.
I clenched my knife and charged at Darcel. He fell back to the floor and I landed on him with my knife to his neck.
“Where is she?” I growled.
Darcel only laughed. I felt the sharp ends of his claws pressing against my ribs. “You can’t threaten me. I’ll pull your heart out before you can even blink.”
I pressed down harder against his neck. A trickle of blood began to form on the knife. “Your disgusting nails won’t hurt me enough to stop me. Now, where is she?” I gritted through my clenched teeth.
“It’s too late slayer.” He laughed.
“Leave her out of this! It’s me you want.” I fiercely ordered.
“You? What would I want with you?” Darcel replied. “I want Mindy.” He struggled to speak. The knife was pressing on his jugular.
“What are you talking about?” I snapped bitterly at him.
“Dean! We have to go now!” Markus cried out. “Tanya just called me. She said she saw Shane pulling her into The Space Cavern.”
I stared at Darcel and asked him to explain without it coming out of my mouth. I didn’t know what was going on. Everything was turning upside down.
“It’s too late slayer. She’ll be one of us soon.” Darcel managed to say.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
She’ll be one of us. Those words echoed in my head. My world began to spin as desperation crept up on me. I was too late.
“Dean! Let’s go!” shouted Markus. 
I wanted to kill Darcel. I wanted to slice his head clean off, but he would take my life with him in the process. If there was a slight chance that I could save Lina, I had to live.
Markus stomped up to us. “There’s no time for this.” 
He pulled out three orange darts and shot them at Darcel. Instantly, Darcel went limp. There was no time to kill him. I jumped up and grabbed Markus by the arm so that he would come with me. We ran up the stairs and burst through the refrigerator door. It was bright in the house. All the windows were broken letting in the sun that was able to get past the trees. It was bright enough to kill off any surviving vampires. Markus was more talented than I thought. We ran through the living room and blasted through the front door. My motorcycle was parked just outside the tree gate. We made our way through the trees and I jumped on my bike. Markus did not.
I studied him, he was out of breath and serious.             
    “Are you coming?” I asked him.
“No. Too much weight. I’ll just slow you down.” Markus breathed out. “I’ll catch up. It’s a small town.”
I turned the bike on and sped off. When I reached the building, the lot was deserted. The only thing parked there was a convertible Eclipse. Shane had way too much freedom for me to stomach. He had to die. A sign was nailed on the door reading, ‘CLOSED.’ The door was slightly cracked and I pushed it open with caution. I stepped lightly through the office and searched for the stairway that led down to the underground caves. When I found it, there was caution tape hanging off the sides of the entrance. It looked like someone had burst through them, ripping them in half in the process. I didn’t see any light switches, but there were already lights on down there. It wasn’t bright, there was just enough light to be able to see after my eyes adjusted. It was silent. Only the sound of small and steady water drops were in the distance. I approached a fork. The two cave tunnels looked exactly the same. I closed my eyes and controlled my breathing, focusing on every single sound that played in my ears. And that’s when I heard a gasp. Lina.
I sprang to the tunnel on the right and gripped onto my knife. Running with the full force of my powers got me there in a matter of seconds. But I was too late. My legs brought me to a beautifully motionless body. Shane was nowhere to be seen. I dropped to my knees beside Lina. I examined her body. Her red silk locks were disheveled on the ground and on her shoulders. Some strands wondered on her sun kissed face. She was so beautiful, I was almost afraid to touch this sleeping angel. I wanted to wipe away the black marks that trailed from her eyes down to her chin. She was crying earlier. Just imagining tears coming out of her precious eyes made me want to crumple to the floor. 
I didn’t want to, but I had to see it for myself. I inched my hand to her neck. Long red locks were lying across it. I gently moved them to the side exposing her delicate neck. My body paralyzed at the site of the puncture wounds. Her blood was tracing down, dripping to the floor. I felt a cold grip tighten on my heart. The pain hit me at the sight of the bite. It really was too late. I lost her. 
I reached to her small hand and grasped it against mine. She made a slight movement and her eyes fluttered open. She stared up frightened at me, as if she had woken up from a dream and was out of place by the sight of me. 
“Is it really you?” Lina blinked hard. “Dean?”
“Yes Lina. It’s me.” I clenched her hand a little harder. “I’m here.”
Tears began to fill in her eyes. Her frown quickly formed into a beautiful smile. She was amazing. Even when she was covered with filth and blood, she was gorgeous. My Lina was truly an angel. She still lay motionless. Her hand didn’t even hold mine, it just rested in my hand. I knew she was almost paralyzed from the venom. I knew she was slipping away from me. I clenched hard and forced my face not to contort with my emotions. She couldn’t know how I felt. Not now. I leaned in and kissed her cold forehead. When my lips touched her skin, a bolt of electricity shot through me. It was the same one I’d always felt when I touched her. But this time, it hurt. I’d been stabbed, beaten, and crushed to broken bones. This hurt more than anything I’d ever been through. I gave her a forced half smile.
“How are you feeling?” I asked as I moved the hair out of her face so I could see it better.
“I’m not sure.” Lina’s eyebrows arched up as if she were trying with all her might to pick up something heavy. “I can’t move Dean.”
“Does it hurt?” I asked, not sure if I could handle the answer.
“Does what hurt?” Lina asked.
“Anything.” I said.
“No. I actually feel really good. Well…there’s no pain. But I feel something else.” Lina said, never looking away from me. I wish she would. At least for a second. “They told me what you were. Or are.” she smiled.
“And what is that?” I asked trying to keep the conversation going on a topic that didn’t involve her condition.
“A slayer. I can’t believe I thought you were a vampire.” Lina threw a weak laugh. “I didn’t think it was possible.” She gazed up at me and her eyes grew in admiration. “You’re even better then I imagined. You’re a slayer.”
Time was running out. I had to apologize. “I’m sorry for what I’ve put you through. I never wanted to hurt you. I-” I couldn’t finish that sentence. The pain was twisting inside me.
“Why did you break up with me? I thought you hated me.” Lina sadly said without removing her smile.
“I had to.” I held back a whimper. “To keep you safe Lina. I had to keep my Lina safe.” 
“I’m so tired.” she softly said as she yawned.
“Don’t close your eyes. Please don’t close your eyes.” I pleaded.
She didn’t take her eyes off me. The happiness in her eyes was stabbing me in the chest. But now I wanted her to keep them on my face because I couldn’t let her see my wounds.
“What happened to your neck?” She asked with concern.
Damn. I had forgot about the bite on my neck. “Nothing I can’t handle.” I said.
“What’s happening to me? I’ve never felt like this.” Lina said weakly. 
I looked away. I swallowed the pain to prepare myself for her next question. With Lina, there was always another question.
“Am I dying?” She whimpered.
“Yes.” I softly said, praying to God that she didn’t hear me.
Lina’s breathing quickened. She was whimpering and tears started to poor down. I stroked her hair and kissed her tears. Tears of my own started forming in my eyes. But I refused to let them fall. 
“Shhhh…baby…shhh.” I whispered in her ear. “Everything’s going to be okay.” I assured her.
“My mom. Dean! I can’t leave her.” She whimpered out. “I love her so much.”
“I know baby.” I wiped her tears; the flow of them was slowing down. 
“I won’t see you again?” Lina asked with no sign of knowing the answer. She was so innocent.
“I don’t know.” My words were getting caught in my throat. I couldn’t show her my pain. I would explode here in front of her to pieces if I did.
“I don’t want to leave you Dean. I don’t want to die…” Lina’s voice trailed off. She was getting closer to slipping away from me. I saw her eyes getting heavy. “I want you to do something for me.”
“Anything.” I agreed.
“I want you to live. I want you to go out and have fun. Markus will help you with that.” Lina continued, “Most importantly…I want you to smile.”
I didn’t respond.
“Promise me Dean.” Lina’s fragile voice demanded.
“I promise.” I forced myself to say in order to make her happy. Then her eyes began to close. “No. Don’t close your eyes. Please.” I begged her while still trying to act like everything was okay. 
I gently scooped her up and laid her across my lap. I held her against me despite the pain of touching her. “Please fight it. I’m not. I.” I clenched my teeth and tried again. “I’m not ready Lina.”
Lina’s innocent eyes looked up at me and they smiled. Her face brightened up and her lips smiled along with her face. 
“I love you so much. I love-” Lina trailed off and almost closed her eyes completely when I frantically shook her. 
She half opened them, but it was forced. I only had seconds left with her. I leaned my face into hers. She looked deep into my eyes as she always had. Even though she was dying, they were still full of life. They were trying to read me as usual, trying to figure out what I was thinking and feeling. I kissed her rosy lips. I didn’t want to pull away from her softness, but I had to. I had to tell her. My lips pulled away from hers just an inch. I could feel her faint breathing against my lips. I touched my forehead with hers and stared into her eyes.
“I love you.” I whimpered. 
“Promise?” She faintly asked as her eyes drooped.
She didn’t wait for an answer and puckered her lips against mine and closed her eyes. I felt the remainder of her life flow through my lips. She was gone. My Lina was gone. The tears immediately poured down. Knowing she could no longer feel anything, I squeezed her body against my own. I rubbed my hands along her arms and through her hair. My Lina was lifeless. The immense pain of a thousand tortured souls surged through me. I had died on that last kiss. Along with her.
I softly set her down on the floor. Knowing it would be the last time I touched her made me weak. I tried lifting myself up even though my legs were wobbly. My body was trying to recover so it could function. After finally standing, I looked down at her. The bite mark was no longer there. I turned to head out the tunnel I came through. Trying to walk straight, I dragged my feet along the dirt floor. My walk, which seemed like an eternity, ended at the entrance to the tunnel. I was trying to fight it. I was telling myself not to look back. For God’s sake! DON’T LOOK BACK!
My body didn’t listen. My breathing quickened. The beating in my chest accelerated. I’d never known fear. Was this really it? This sensation was dreadful. At the same time, I appraised it because other than love, Lina gave me fear. I cherish anything that came from her and because of her. This fear made me want to run and never stop, so I wouldn’t see what I knew in my heart I would see.
To get it over with, I jerked my body around. And I saw her. My Lina was picking herself up off the ground. Her head was still down. Her red satin strands of hair elegantly dangled down, almost reaching the floor. She straightened herself up and brushed her hands through her hair. She was more beautiful than ever before. Her skin almost glistened from its purity. When she straightened herself completely, she looked straight at me. Her eyes were cold and empty. They weren’t the same ones I was gazing into earlier. The eyes she had now weren’t full of life. 
There was one question I knew I shouldn’t have been asking myself. It was bouncing in my mind. I knew it didn’t matter. I knew it wouldn’t change things. But I still asked myself…did she remember me? I couldn’t move. I wanted to run. I needed to run far away from her.
A pale figure came in from the darkness behind her. A white hand reached around her waist and held on. That was the same waist I used to wrap my arms around. The pain in my chest where my heart should be was pounding. She didn’t move. She accepted the embrace without hesitation. Then Shane’s face came into the light beside her, pulling her closer to him. She tilted her head to the side, resting it against his shoulder. Lina bared her teeth. Her smile was sexy, but deadly. She ran her tongue over her fangs as her eyes looked me up and down. They both gave me a wicked smile.
I reached for the knife I had strapped to my thigh, pulled it out and gripped it tightly. I closed my eyes to block away the pain of seeing her as she was. If she attacked me, I’d have to kill her. I hoped that Shane would hold her back. Then again, I hoped that he wouldn’t. It wasn’t my Lina anymore. That thing wasn’t human. I took in a deep breath. When I opened my eyes…they were gone.
I spun around in search of them. There was nothing there. I held my knife out, ready to use it if necessary. I scanned everywhere, all around me. All I could see were stone edgy walls, a small pond of water caused by the rain over time. And dripping. The dripping of the water from the jagged ceiling echoed throughout the empty space. A saber tooth fossil on the wall stared back at me. I relaxed my hand that held the knife tightly and stood very still. I held my breath to hear better. I didn’t hear any footfalls. I didn’t hear any breathing. There wasn’t anything else in the stillness of the cave, but the dripping of the water. 
I had never felt so alone.
 
 
 
 
 

Website
Face Book Page
Twitter Page
Contact Author


