The Wishing Stone

Book 1 of 7 within the Chronicles of Evrion

By Mir Foote


Smashwords Edition
ISBN: 9781311113511

©2012 by MIR Foote
All rights reserved.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work this author.


For Liam, when you’re old enough.  Never grow too old for adventure.


Table of Contents

Chapter 1:  The Wish
Chapter 2:  Through Time
Chapter 3:  Through Space
Chapter 4:  Explorers Robinson
Chapter 5:  Pirates
Chapter 6:  Almost
Chapter 7:  More Pirates
Chapter 8:  Treasure
Chapter 9:  Super Powers
Chapter 10:  Almost Finished
Bonus Excerpt
About the Author



Chapter 1
THE WISH

The problem with the wishing stone, Jackson decided, was that there was only one wish for the four of them. The rules were very clear on that.
“I say we should wish for a space adventure,” Jane said, “We could fly a space ship and visit alien planets.”
“We should wish for mutant powers,” Trey insisted, “Then we could all be super heroes.”
“I want to go on a real adventure!” Ian exclaimed, “With pirates and dragons and battles! And we could have magical powers and rescue a princess and everything!”
Jackson did not say what he thought they should wish for. He was still thinking it over. While the other three argued over a wish, he took a brand new spiral notebook out from his backpack. He also took out a black ballpoint pen, frowned at it, and put it back to fish out another. He only used black pens on schoolwork. This time, he pulled out a pen with green ink.
“Hey, what are you doing?” Trey demanded when he saw the notebook, “Are you even listening to our ideas?”
“You never told us what you think we should wish for,” Jane added.
“You want pirates right?” asked Jackson’s younger brother, Ian, “And treasure and magic, right Jackson?” 
“Jax,” Jackson corrected him sharply, “Call me Jax.” He had been telling them to call him Jax for two weeks now.  No one ever did.  “And I haven’t decided on a wish yet.  I’m going to write down all the different ideas first.” 
At the top of the first page he wrote ‘The Wishing Stone’ and below that ‘Wish Ideas’. His handwriting was not as neat as he would have liked, because he had no flat surface to write on, but it was readable. Then he divided the page into four sections. The first section he labeled Trey, then Jane, Ian, and the last space was for himself. He started to write out Jackson and remembered at the last second to put Jax instead. 
“What is this?” Trey asked, grabbing the notebook, “You aren’t going to turn this into another school assignment are you? Come on, it’s just a stupid game. Lighten up.”
“It’s not just a game!” Ian exclaimed, leaping to his brother’s defense, “This is for real! We followed the map and everything, even with all the town and trees in the way, and you can see the stone!” Jackson grabbed his notebook back. 
“Come on, Trey,” Jane said, “Let him write it all out if he wants to. It makes it all feel more real anyway. Sort of scientific.”
“It is real,” Ian said again, “Write down my wish, Jackson. Jax I mean. I want to go on a huge adventure with pirates, where we find a great treasure and become rich and there are dragons and magical talismans, and castles!” 
“All right,” Jackson answered, writing it down in the space marked ‘Ian’. Then Jane told him all about her wish concerning robots and a spaceship and exploring alien planets. 
“This is so stupid,” Trey said when the other three turned to him, “Oh all right. I think we should wish for mutant powers. Like to be able to fly or shoot lasers from our eyes and be bulletproof.” Then all that was left was the space marked ‘Jax’. 
“Come on already,” Trey said, “This is getting boring.”
“Hush,” Jane said.
“Well it is getting boring,” Trey insisted, “Like being at school.”
“No, I mean hush, I think I see someone coming,” Jane said, and then everyone turned to see where she was looking. There, between the trees, Jackson saw a person coming towards them, plowing awkwardly through the leafy undergrowth of the woods.
“I’ll bet it’s that stupid Marcus Henderson,” Trey said, “I’ll bet he followed us out here.” 
“It’s not,” Jackson answered, “I think it’s a girl.” And then the person managed to break through some particularly vicious bramble and everyone could clearly see that she was wearing a dress. 
“Ha,” Jane said to Trey, poking him, but Jackson frowned as he realized that the girl was trying to get to where they were. 
“If she sees the stone, she’ll have to be in the wish,” he reminded them, “It’s in the rules.” And then the girl stepped between two trees and stood before them. 
“Hello,” the girl said timidly, “I’m lost.”
“Really? Hello Lost, I’m Trey,” Trey said, smirking until Jane shoved him.
“Ignore him,” she said, “Where are you from?”
“I don’t know exactly,” the girl answered and then turned red as the other four stared at her. “I just moved here. It’s a small sort of white house. Close to these woods. I didn’t realize how big this place was and I got turned around. Then I heard voices and followed them here.”
“What’s your name?” Jackson asked. He tried hard to remember if he had noticed any new families moving in near his house. He didn’t think there were.
“I’m Emma Woods. I just moved from Houston.”
“My name is Jane Park,” Jane said, “And I suppose Trey already told you his name. He really isn’t always that annoying.”
“I’m not annoying,” Trey insisted, “She just can’t handle a joke.”
“I’m Ian” Ian said, not wanting to be left out, “I’m five.”
“We call him Brat,” Trey added.
“I’m not,” Ian answered, stamping his foot, “My name is Ian and I’m Jackson’s brother.” As an afterthought, he added, “This is Jackson.” 
“Jax,” Jackson interjected quickly, “My name is Jax. Jax Robinson.” 
“So what are you doing out here in the woods?” Emma asked. Her eyes were on his notebook, and he held it up against himself quickly so she couldn’t read the title. Nobody answered.  Then Trey opened his mouth and Jackson quickly said, “Exploring,” before Trey could say something stupid. In the mood he was in, Trey was likely to tell her about the stone and ruin everything.
“Exploring?” Emma asked, “You have an unlucky name for an explorer.” And then she began to turn red again under his stare.
“What’s so unlucky about Jackson?” Trey wanted to know, and this time Jackson didn’t bother to correct him.
“Not Jackson,” she answered, “Robinson. Like Robinson Crusoe. Or the Swiss Family Robinson. They got shipwrecked on an island. Or even that old TV show, Lost in Space, about a family named Robinson who got lost.”
“I never get lost,” Jackson insisted, “I’m too careful.” 
“Good,” Emma said, “Then maybe you could help me find my way back. I really do need to get back; my parents told me not to wander off.” 
An awkward silence answered her. Jackson looked down at his notebook, feeling uncomfortable. The rules said they had to make a wish now, while they were next to the stone. If they went away they would never be able to make a wish.  Not a real wish anyway.  Not a wish that they could all almost believe might really come true.  If they went away and came back, then it really was pretend.  No one wanted to do that.  But they couldn’t just send Emma off alone, either, and for a moment no one could think of anything to say.
“Oh, this is stupid,” Trey said at last, “Just show her the stone already.”
“Shut up, Trey!” Ian exclaimed angrily while Jane shoved Trey in annoyance.  Jackson stared down at his notebook, ignoring the scuffle beside him.  Then he came to a decision.
“He’s right.”
“What!”  “Jackson!”  The others protested loudly and Emma turned pinker than ever.
“He’s right,” Jackson insisted again, “She came to here, so she has to see the stone.  Maybe she was meant to come, somehow.  Maybe the stone called her.”
“She isn’t!  I bet she says it’s stupid and ruins everything!” Ian insisted, stomping his foot.
“You weren’t supposed to be here either,” Jane reminded Ian, “You were just being a brat and following us, and we let you stay.”
“I say it’s stupid,” Trey added, “Just show her, Jackson.”
“Alright,” Jackson said, and everyone stepped aside so she could see the stone. It was a fairly large and smooth stone, the sort that looked like it would make a good seat, but aside from its size it looked quite ordinary. At least it did until Emma looked closer and saw that there were words carved out in deep, clear-cut lettering. She leaned over the stone, still mystified, and then began to read it out loud.

“All who approach and read my words,
to you a single wish I give,
not one to each but one to all
within the group who live.

But should you leave without a wish,
or leave someone behind,
never a wish will you receive,
or ever again me find.”

“So what does this mean?” Emma asked, after she had read it, “Is this for real? I mean, did you just find this stone here, or did you carve the words?”
“We found it!” Ian exclaimed, “I mean, we followed this map that led us here. It is real, and now we have to think up a wish, all of us together, or we get nothing at all.”
“So this stone is magical or something?” Emma asked.
“I suppose,” Trey answered, “Anyway, we thought we might as well try it, seeing as we came all the way out here.”
“And now you have to come too, since you’re here,” Jane added.
“Where did you find the map?” Emma asked.
“I found it,” Jackson answered, “It was inside an old book in the library. I was looking up something for school, and this fell out. The librarian thought it was just an old map of the county, before the town really began to grow, but there was this line on it, like a road, and then I thought it could really be a treasure map.” 
He pulled out an old yellow scrap of paper from his backpack. Unfolded, it revealed a picture in faded ink, marking a small town within a forest. There was a line that led a zigzag path from the town into the forest. In tiny letters beside the line, it stated the length from different points on the road to other points.
“It took us a while to figure it out,” Jane said, “Since it's really old and the town has grown up huge since then.”
“See how it says that it's one hundred feet from this point to that?” Trey asked, “We didn’t think an old road would need that. But if there were no road, you would need to know how far to go before you changed direction. And so we got Jane’s dad’s measuring tape, and started out from the Square.”
“We’ve been planning it for a week now,” Jackson said, “It took us a while to figure out how to start, especially with all the buildings and houses in the way.”
“And then I just showed up,” Emma said, suddenly looking embarrassed.
“It’s all right,” Jackson said quickly, “I can make you a spot in my notebook.” And then at last he showed her what he had written, and she didn’t seem to think it a stupid idea at all to write it all down.
“This way,” she said, “we know what everyone wants. Then maybe we can put it all together into one really big wish, and everyone can be happy.” 
“If it works at all,” Trey grumbled. Jackson squeezed her in a space at the bottom, just below his name. He hadn’t come up with a wish yet anyway.
“I think,” she said, “that whatever we do it, shouldn’t take up so much time that our parents worry about us missing. So if we go any place, we should make it so no time passes while we are gone. And we better be sure to say that we come back again.”
“With mutant powers, we don’t need to go anywhere,” Trey pointed out, but everyone else said it was a good idea. 
“But it isn’t really a wish, you know, just a good idea for whatever we do wish,” Jane reminded her.
“I know,” Emma said, “I was going to say that I think we should have a time machine. That would let us go to any time we like, and then we could come back in the same minute we left, so no one would miss us.” Jackson wrote her wish in his notebook.
“Come on already, Jackson,” Trey said, “What is your wish? We can’t stay here all day waiting.”
“Jax,” Jackson said automatically, “And I do have a wish. I think we should be explorers.”
“On alien planets?” Jane asked.
“No, as pirates, and we find lots of treasure!” Ian exclaimed.
“We could be explorers of time,” Emma suggested. 
“Everything,” Jackson answered, speaking fast now that he had worked out what he wanted, “we should include everything. I mean, include a time machine, and space, and pirates, and mutant powers all at once, and let the stone figure it out and whatever happens is what happens, and you can’t say you didn’t get your wish.”
“Well,” Trey said, “If this wishing thing does work, then it would be pretty cool to travel through space or time. Or get rich. So long as we get super powers too.”
“So what are we wishing?” Ian asked, confused, “Does that mean we make five different wishes?”
“No,” Jackson said, “We have one wish that is five things at once.”
“Let’s do it then,” Jane said, “Jackson you make the wish.” 
“Why him?” Trey demanded.
“He found the stone,” Jane pointed out, and Trey reluctantly agreed. Jackson nodded, his concentration already on his notebook. Finally, he turned the page and began to write.
“So wish already!” Trey exclaimed, getting impatient.
“I have to word it right, or I’ll leave something out,” Jackson explained.  Finally, just as Trey was considering climbing a nearby tree out of boredom, Jackson put his pen away and waved his notebook about excitedly.  “Finished!”
They all stood awkwardly in front of the stone.  
“Should we hold hands or something?” Emma asked, when Jackson made no move to read out their wish. 
“Maybe we should,” Jane agreed, “We could stand in a circle around the stone.”  Then they tried to, but there was a thorn vine and a tree that got in the way, so it turned out to be a half circle.
“This is so stupid,” Trey muttered, but he took Jane’s hand anyway and took hold of Jackson’s sleeve, since he had to hold his notebook. A heavy silence fell as they waited for the wish to begin. 
“Oh, wishing stone,” Jackson announced solemnly, “I, Jackson, I mean Jax, Robinson and my companions wish that we may be explorers who travel through space and time to have an adventure which has magic…
“And pirates!” Ian interrupted, pulling on his brother’s hand and nearly knocking the notebook out of his hand.
“And pirates,” Jackson agreed hurriedly as he stumbled to find his place again quickly before the stone thought he was finished, “And…and…and treasure and super powers and that it begins right this minute, that is our wish.”
They stood in silence, holding their breath.  Jackson squeezed his eyes shut, waiting.  Nothing happened.  After a moment, he opened his eyes again.
“Did it work?” Ian asked, “Are we on an adventure now?”
“No, it didn’t, stupid,” Trey answered, “Does this look like it worked? I never really thought it would anyway.”
“You did,” Jane said, “I felt you squeezing my hand. You made the wish too.” 
“That was just because I got a cramp in my hand,” Trey insisted, “I knew it wasn’t really going to work.”
“Hey guys,” Jackson said softly. He was staring at the stone.
“I mean, who would be stupid enough to believe in wishing stones?” Trey continued, “That is like something a baby would believe.”
“Guys,” Jackson said again, “Hey, be quiet a second and look at this.”
“We’ve seen the stupid stone, Jackson,” Trey said, “I’m not going to stand around it again.”
“Maybe it would work if we were touching it,” Emma suggested, “Or if we all said the wish at the same time. I mean, it would feel silly just to walk off after all of this.”
“Guys, really, I mean it. Look at the stone,” Jackson said again. Finally everyone gathered back around the stone.
“Oh,” Trey said, very quietly, and that was all anyone could think of to say. Before them was the same large, white stone, sitting in the exact same spot, but with one small difference. It was now completely smooth, without a single mark on it. The words had vanished.


Chapter 2
THROUGH TIME

“So now what?” Trey asked, “Do we just stand around this stupid rock until something happens?”
“It’s not a stupid rock!” Ian yelled, “It’s the wishing stone!”
“Perhaps we should leave,” Emma began, interrupting Trey’s answer, “I mean, whatever happened should already have happened. Jax said for it to happen right away, within a minute, and we’ve already waited longer than that. So whatever happened must be out there. Maybe waiting for us to find it.”
“You just want to get home before your mommy worries,” Trey said, and Emma turned pink.
“I should get home,” she agreed, “But I don’t want to. I’d much rather do this.”
“Knock it off, Trey,” Jane said, “And let’s do something already.”
“Of course,” Emma continued, turning even redder, “If we don’t find anything, maybe you could show me how to get home. I mean, whatever is happening could take a long time, and I could at least leave a note for my mom.”
“Like we know where your home is,” Trey said scornfully.
“I know you don’t. But I thought maybe if we looked at the map you have, since it is of this town...”
“It’s an old map,” Jackson reminded her, “It doesn’t show most of the houses, just the really old buildings like the Courthouse on the Square.” But he pulled it from his backpack anyway and unfolded it to show her.
“See, here's the Square where we started from to find this place, and here's where we are at the place where the path ends,” he said, pointing at the line. Aside from a few buildings around the courthouse, it was almost all woods.
“But the line doesn’t start at the Square,” Emma pointed out, “See, it starts way over here, in the middle.” Jackson blinked, and everyone gathered around the map to look. 
She was right; the line didn’t start from the Square anymore. They all looked at the map a moment, and then turned to look at the stone again. Jackson felt a shiver run down his spine and shuddered. He turned and stared at the lines, reading the tiny print that told the distance from one point to another. 
“Jane, where is the tape measure?” he asked quickly, still staring at the map. 
“You have it,” she answered, “In your backpack. With the compass.”
“Right,” Jackson answered and, handing the map to Emma, he dug into the side pocket of his backpack until he found both the tape measure and the compass.
“So what are we doing?” Ian asked, “Is the adventure starting now?”
“Duh, Brat, we’re following the map,” Trey answered him, “I’ll bet that whatever happened, it happened where the line ends.” Jackson ignored them, holding up the compass to find north.
“What direction?” he asked, and when Emma didn’t answer after a moment, Jane took the map and showed her the corner where it showed that upwards was north and downwards was south, and the line started off at a slant that was northwest.
“That way,” Jackson said after a moment, pointing. 
“How many feet?” Trey asked impatiently, taking the tape measure.
“Fifty feet,” Emma answered this time, after squinting a moment to read the small print.
“So thirty and twenty,” Jane said, because the tape measure was only thirty feet long, “You hold it again, Ian.” 
Everyone except for Emma already knew how it worked, because they had followed the map to the stone, and even she found it easy enough to figure out. Jackson had the compass and made sure that everyone stayed in a straight line. Trey pulled the measuring tape along, and Ian held onto it until it ran out, when he would run to join them so they could continue. 
Last time Jane had held the map and read out directions, but this time they let Emma hold the map, and Jane just figured out the directions for the compass. It wasn’t very difficult because the line always went in a direction that was very clearly north, west, or directly in the middle. 
“All right, now due west,” Jane said as Ian ran to catch up with them, letting the measuring tape reel in as he came. The first time he had just let go and it had nearly broken on a low tree branch. After that they told him he had to hold onto it, or Trey would kill him and he wouldn’t be in charge of holding the tape anymore.
“That way,” Jackson said, after carefully consulting his compass.
“Just twenty two feet this time,” Emma read out, and they walked on. They had to backtrack a few times when Jackson realized they had gotten off a straight line, and a few times a tangle of thorns or trees blocked their way, but at last there was only one final point to make for and then their path would be at an end.
“Why do we have to do this anyway?” Trey kept grumbling, “That stone is just leading us on I’ll bet. I bet we get there and there's nothing at all and we’ll be lost in the woods forever.”
“It is strange though, don’t you think?” Jane asked, “The first time we kept having houses in our way and such. I mean, I knew the woods were big, but I didn’t think they were this big.”
“So you think we aren’t in our woods anymore?” Ian asked, suddenly looking scared, “You mean we're someplace else?”
“It doesn’t seem any different to me,” Trey said scornfully, “I think if we go anywhere at all that's different, it'll be after we reach the end of the line.”
“Which way?” Jackson asked softly. He was beginning to feel nervous, as though up to that point it had just been a game and suddenly it wasn’t. 
“North,” Emma said, forgetting that was Jane’s job. Then even Trey was quiet as they realized that, after this, their wish was going to come true. Ian began to wonder if he really wanted to meet a pirate.
“One hundred feet,” Jane said, looking over Emma’s shoulder. 
“All right, already,” Trey said, feeling nervous and not liking to admit it, “Let’s go then, and see if there really is anything to this.” He handed the end of the measuring tape to Ian and started forward. Ian looked at the tape in his hands, wondering if he really wanted to be left behind in a woods that might not be his woods, but he decided in the end that he didn’t want to be called a wimp, so he stayed put. 
“Keep straight,” Jackson said as Trey hurried ahead, “You’re turning.” Then they reached the end of the tape measure, and called Ian to them. 
“Am I straight now, oh master of the compass?” Trey asked in his most annoying tone.
“Go on then, you’re straight,” Jackson answered, hardly looking up. Trey did start forward, straight into a tangle of thorn vines.
“Darn stupid things!” he yelled, along with other words that made Jane shout ‘children present!’ and cover Ian’s ears while Emma helped to untangle him.
“Lucky you’re wearing jeans,” she pointed out, and then they went on, everyone else stepping carefully over the vines. And then there was only forty feet to go, and then ten. And when they reached ten feet, they didn’t need the measuring tape anymore because they saw what they had been coming for.
“Hey guys!” Ian shouted, thirty feet back, “Hey have you reached the end?! Why is everyone stopped?” 
Trey waved his hand without turning around to motion him forward and Ian hurried to follow. He had a lot more trouble than the others making his way through the woods, being the smallest of them, and he kept having to find a way around things everyone else had gone over.  This was very hard when he also had to hold onto the tape. In the end, he accidentally let it go zipping away until it hit Trey’s fingers, who dropped it in surprise. Ian waited for him to turn and start shouting at him, but no one turned around, and at last he was close enough to see what everyone was staring at.
“A ship,” Jackson said slowly, fumbling to put the compass away without taking his eyes off the clearing, “I think it's a space ship.”
“A flying saucer,” Jane agreed, “like in the movies.”
Before them, in a clearing roughly ten feet away, was a large, silver ship. It had a thin outer rim that reminded Jane of flying saucers, and a large round middle that looked big enough to seat several people. Now they finally had some real proof that the wishing stone was real, and their wish was about to come true. No one moved. At last, Emma folded up the map and handed it back to Jackson, who put it into his backpack. He also found the tape measure that Trey had let fall to the ground.
“All right then,” Trey said, but without his usual force.
“Is it meant for us, do you think?” Jane asked, “I mean, are we supposed to go on board? Or does it really belong to some aliens who are visiting Earth?”
“I don’t want aliens!” Ian cried, “I want to go home!” And he sat down on the ground and refused to take a step closer to the spacecraft.
“Come on, we won’t find out anything from here,” Trey insisted, and he started forward. Then of course Jane followed quickly, and then Jackson more slowly. Emma didn’t look quite convinced yet and held back with Ian.
“I’m not going,” Ian told her, “I’m not.” But when she didn’t answer, and then she too started forward, he stood up again. 
“Hey,” he shouted, “Don’t leave me behind!” And he ran the last ten feet to catch up. Everyone else stood before the ship, ducking slightly beneath the rim to study the metal body.  It was smooth and without a mark. There didn’t seem to be any opening, not even after they had circled it twice. This close, they could hear a soft hum coming from the ship.
“Hello!” Trey yelled, after the second time around, “Anyone home? Hello!” And he raised his hand to knock on the outside. He expected it to be metal, but his fist met something softer that rippled when he hit it. The ripple continued outwards from his fist.
“Uh oh,” he said, while Jane yelled, “What did you do?!” and everyone backed away quickly as though it might explode. The side of the ship pulled open like a mouth, and then everything froze once more leaving a large hole. It was dark inside.
“See, ha, it did work,” Trey said, but no one made any move to enter the ship. Nothing came out either.
“All right,” Emma said at last, “We can see that the wish was for real. I mean, I think everyone knew it was real, after the words disappearing and the map changing and everything, but now we really see it is real and not some game. Are we going forward?”
“I’ll go if everyone else does,” Ian said, “So long as there aren’t aliens in there.”
“We’re going,” Jane insisted, “After all that we almost have to. I mean, does anyone know how to get back to the town now?”
“Duh, we follow the map back,” Trey said, then frowned.
“To the stone,” Jackson agreed, “We could follow it back to the stone. Do you remember the way to town from there?”
“It wasn’t far. We’d find it,” Trey insisted.
“Then we get on the ship, anyway,” Jane said, “I mean, how can we just go back now, even if we were sure of the way!”
“All right then,” Jackson said uncertainly. He had said he wanted to be an explorer, but he liked to at least know where he was going first. Who knew where the ship would take them? He turned to Jane, saying, “This is your part of the wish. Yours or Emma’s maybe, if it can take us through time as well. I think we should let you go first.” He said this carefully, trying to make it sound like a privilege to go first. Emma and Jane didn’t look convinced.
“Right. When you put it like that,” Trey agreed quickly, “Ladies first.” 
“We’ll follow behind you,” Jackson added, and at last Jane nodded. She approached the spacecraft with Emma a step behind and the boys following after. 
Up close, the surface looked like it had been made with the opening a part of it, not like a door at all. The inside was pitch black, and Jane hesitated a moment, but with so many people crowded around her she couldn’t pull back now. She started to stick her head in, changed her mind, and put a hand inside the ship. Nothing happened at all, and at last, taking a deep breath, she put a foot through the dark opening. 
The moment it touched a surface inside, a soft green light sprang on beneath her foot, and she stepped all the way in. Emma stepped in after her, and then they both stopped to stare around the inside of the ship.
It was one large, round room, spacious and completely empty except for five large chairs arranged in a circle facing each other. The roof was domed and silver and the floor flat and glowing green, and that was it. Jane felt disappointed. She had expected more from an alien spacecraft.
“Hey, come on!” Trey called from behind them and they realized they were blocking the doorway. Quickly Emma and Jane walked into the center of the room, letting the boys come in after them. Ian came last, only after everyone assured him that there were no monstrous aliens waiting to eat him. 
As soon as he stepped inside, the opening closed, leaving no trace that there had ever been a doorway. No one noticed it right away, since everyone was staring silently around the room, eyes wide. It was only when Jackson asked how it flew and Jane pointed out that they couldn’t go into space with a hole in the side of the ship that everyone realized the hole was gone.
“We’re trapped, we’re trapped!” Ian said, and looked like he might cry.
“We aren’t,” Jackson insisted, though not completely sure, “I’ll bet all we have to do is touch the wall again and it'll let us out.”
“Which wall?” Emma asked, and they turned in a circle uncertainly, no longer able to tell which way they had come in.  Trey went and knocked on a wall at random, but nothing happened except that Trey hurt his hand on the hard surface. 
“All right,” Jane said at last, “This is ridiculous. We have a real wish coming true, and everyone is looking for how to get out! I say we sit in these seats, that seems to be the only thing we can do in here, and see what happens next!” Everyone went to stand beside a chair but no one, not even Jane, sat down yet. They were large seats, made of some soft blue material, and without armrests. There were no seatbelts or controls or anything one would expect to find on the seat to a space ship. Trey was the first to sit down on one, and then to pull himself back in it until not even his feet dangled over the edge of the large chair.
“Hey, at least it’s comfortable,” he said, and then the others were quick to follow. When Ian finally managed to scramble into his seat, his feet didn’t even come close to the edge. Jackson tried to find a place for his backpack first, not comfortable to sit with it on his back, before he finally set it down next to his chair. Then he sat down. The moment his feet left the ground, the green light instantly went out and plunged them into total darkness.
“Hey!” Ian yelled, and then the dome above them went clear and they were staring up into an open blue sky. 
The ship hummed softly beneath them and then a soft, female voice stated clearly, “Welcome to the star ship Evrion, where would you like to go today?” Then the ship was silent, waiting for their reply.
“Are you the computer?” Jane asked at last. The ship hummed a moment, and they got the feeling it was considering her question.
“I am the ship Evrion. I am glad to have you aboard. Where do you wish to go?”
“We can go anywhere?” Trey asked.
“What about through time,” Emma added, “Can you go through time?” Again there was the humming.
“To travel through space is to travel through time,” it said at last, “I can manipulate time to shorten distances, or move through time at the regular space/time displacement. In this way, I may move to anyplace within this galaxy. In some instances, I may move into different galaxies, in which case times may differ greatly.”
“What does that mean?” Ian asked doubtfully.
“I think she means, she can move anywhere she wants to. And not take forever to get to distant planets,” Emma answered.
“Then she must move even faster than the speed of light!” Jane exclaimed excitedly. The ship hummed a moment.
“To move faster than the speed of light is impossible. I do not do the impossible. I bend space and/or time to reach my goal. This has the same effect.”
“But can you move backwards through time, like to the past?” Emma asked. The ship hummed.
“I move as I am directed. Forwards or backwards does not have meaning without a reference. I move from one space to the next, and in doing so I move through time.”
“What?” Ian asked again.
“Can you go to the past, or not?” Emma demanded, sounding frustrated.  The ship hummed for longer this time.
“I cannot go to any place that does not exist.”
“I don’t know what that means!” Emma complained.  The ship didn’t answer.
“I think that means no,” Jane said, after thinking over what the ship had said carefully, “We can only be in this time, now. Because the past doesn’t exist anymore.”
“Then what about my wish?” Emma asked.
“You aren’t going to like this, but I think it already came true,” Jane answered her, “I mean, we are always traveling through time. We live in time. And Jackson never said anything about traveling backwards in it, so I think we can only go forward.”
“Come on,” Trey exclaimed suddenly, tired of all the science talk, “Let’s go somewhere!” The ship hummed. 
“Where would you like to go?”
“Space!” Trey answered, “Outer space!”
“Wait, we shouldn’t just…” Jane began, but the ship was humming again. All at once they felt the ship move.


Chapter 3
THROUGH SPACE

The seats beneath them vibrated gently and for one long, tense second a whine like tortured metal rose and rose in pitch. Then a strong force slammed everyone down in their seats as the ship took off. It was a force unlike any they had ever felt, as though their weight was trying to pull them down through their chairs and back to the ground. Unable to move, they stared up through the dome into the oddly tranquil sky as the roar of the ship ran through their bones, overpowering their senses. 
Suddenly, the sky exploded around the dome in white fire and everyone shut their eyes, waiting for it all to be over, until at last the ship slowed, then went completely silent and still. The terrible force was gone so completely that they couldn’t even feel the seat beneath them anymore, and when each person opened his or her eyes, they found they were staring into the black starry night of space.
“Wow,” Emma whispered.
“I don’t like it, I don’t like it!” Ian yelled, “That hurt! And it’s all strange, I don’t feel good.  It’s like falling without the ground.” Jackson might have answered him, but it was at that moment that he suddenly realized the reason he no longer felt the chair beneath him was because it wasn’t beneath him. Nothing was beneath him.
“Hey, we’re floating!” he exclaimed. 
“Duh, Sherlock,” Trey said, but not very loudly, and his eyes were opened wide with amazement.
“I don’t like this, I’m going to be sick, I am!” Ian insisted, and he looked like he might be. Jane hadn’t said anything at all yet, and when Jackson looked towards her he thought she looked a bit green as well.
“Ack, not in here you’re not!” Trey told him, “Zero grav vomit, ugh.” The ship hummed softly around them.
“I am sorry for any inconvenience. Here are bags if there is need of them.” And from the side of the ship there grew silvery plastic bags. Ian made a swimming motion towards one of the bags, but stayed floating in the same place.
“You have to kick off of something,” Emma told him, who had already discovered this by pushing off of her chair. Jane had discovered that too, but hadn’t been able to speak yet. She grabbed one of the bags and there were unpleasant retching noises from her direction. 
Ian tried to kick off from something, but found he had floated beyond his reach of the chair and was moving very slowly towards the ceiling. The dome remained perfectly clear and it looked as though he would simply float away into space. The same thought seemed to have occurred to Ian, who was making frantic swimming motions away from it until his foot met something solid and he bounced away towards the floor.
“Ack!” he cried, and looked like he would be sick right there, but luckily Emma managed to hand him a bag. And then, quite suddenly, he decided he wasn’t going to be sick after all, and began to enjoy floating. By then Jackson was feeling a little queasy himself, as though he were falling, and he grabbed for a bag just in case.
“So this is zero gravity?” Trey said, “I thought it was more like flying. Not bouncing off walls.” The ship hummed once more.
“To experience zero gravity is impossible. We are now in free fall.”
“What!” Ian cried out, “We’re falling? Are we going to crash?”
“What do you mean there's gravity?” Trey asked, “We're in space. Why are we floating if there's gravity?” The ship hummed.
“You float because you are falling at the same rate as the ship. Were I to accelerate, you would return to a surface. We will not crash, so long as I do not attempt to move in the path of another object.”
“What?” Ian asked.
“Never mind the science mumbo jumbo,” Trey said, “I’m going to try to do a flip!” And he pushed off from a wall, rolling over as he did in a tight flip until he crashed into Jane, who was trying to figure out what to do with the bag the ship had given her. Jackson continued to stare up into the endless stars, feeling strange. 
“So where do we go now?” he asked. The ship hummed.
“Please choose a destination.” Jane finally managed to get rid of her bag by pushing it back against the clear surface. The whole thing then dissolved back into the wall, turning the section green for a moment before it went clear again.
“So where should we go then?” Jane asked, turning in place to look at the others. Ian now quite enjoyed the sensation of free fall and flew back and forth, kicking off the walls and coming close to plowing straight into Emma.
“Well,” Emma said, once she managed to regain a more or less upright position, and held her dress from billowing upwards, “We know that wherever we go there should be pirates and magic. That was in the wish after all.”
“And super powers. Hey, when do we get those?” Trey asked.
“Maybe the ship has an idea where we should go,” Jackson suggested. He looked around, not sure of where to address, and settled for looking upwards at the stars. 
“Er, Evrion,” he began, “Do you have any ideas of where we should go?” The ship hummed.
“I am unable to form a location with this little data.”
“We want a planet, I think,” Jane said, “A planet with life on it. That could support our sort of life I mean, with oxygen and no poisonous gases and such. A place sort of like Earth, but still an alien planet, maybe with some sort of magic on it, and people and treasure.” She added people and treasure, because she knew that their wish included pirates. The ship hummed thoughtfully.
“I have a destination. Please sit back and enjoy the ride.”
“Hey, wait, how do we get to our seats?” Trey asked, when suddenly the floor of the ship was coming up gently to meet them. Emma managed to land on one of the seats and Trey wound up half on half off, before tumbling to the ground. Ian went headfirst for the floor, but the fall was so slow that he just rolled and stood up again. Then Jackson’s backpack landed on top of him, bounced, and halted at the center of the room. Jane landed standing and hurried to sit down on a seat. 
The boys took more time, but soon they were all sitting again and feeling a slight force of gravity, though not nearly as strong as they felt on Earth. The few silver bags left lying on the floor were sucked back into the ship. The moment the last bag disappeared the force pulling them down suddenly increased, gravity crashing over them hard enough to pin them to their seats, and through the dome they saw sparks of light flying towards them amidst the starry field. Suns zoomed towards them and then behind them, faster and faster until they were only streaks of light. 
“Not again!” Ian shouted, but no one else felt up to saying anything. The ship hummed around them, a stretched metallic sound this time as though she were strained.
“I am sorry for any inconvenience. Please lay back and enjoy the flight.” And then there was a spiral cloud of red and blue light approaching them, and at its center darkness, blocking out the stars. Before anyone had time to call out, to even blink, the ship flew straight into the darkness, and all at once everything went strange.
There was darkness, and then there was light, all around. It was as though the ship had disappeared, as though everything had disappeared, and nothing was left but light. Jackson wanted to scream, but he couldn’t; he didn’t have a body to scream with. And just as suddenly there was the ship again, all around them, and starlight through the dome. The ship must have still been moving, because Jackson could feel a force holding him to his seat, but it was no stronger than the force of gravity back on earth. He breathed deeply, his hands holding tight to the side of his seat.
“What the heck was that?” Trey demanded, his voice trembling. The ship hummed.
“I am sorry for any inconvenience and hope you have enjoyed your trip. The planet you requested will be reached in three point five minutes.” Then the ship must have turned slightly, because through the dome a planet slowly came into view. 
“Wow,” Emma whispered, and no one had a better word for it. It was a huge mass of blues and white swirled together, and beautiful beyond anything they had ever seen. 
“An alien planet,” Jane said, her eyes shining. Her wish, at last, was coming true. Ian sat up in his seat, staring and staring with eyes wide, and trying hard to forget that he had wished for pirates. Who knew what wonders, and what terrors, this planet held?
“Evrion,” Jane said, “This planet can support our life, right? I mean, it has the right air and isn’t too hot or cold or anything, right?” The ship hummed.
“I have matched this planet to your environmental needs. This planet is able to support your life, and supports many life forms upon the planet’s surface. Please lay back and relax. I now begin descent. Please, where would you like to land?”
“On the ground,” Jane answered quickly, “Someplace with water and plants, I suppose. Wherever you think is best.” And then the ship picked up speed, and Ian was thrown back in his seat. 
They rushed downwards, into the swirl of blue and white, down towards the surface of the planet. There was a roaring, humming sound coming from the ship, and Ian was screaming again, and Jackson closed his eyes and held on, hoping it would all be over soon. At last, the ship began to slow, and he opened his eyes again. 
The planet filled the dome above his head, a huge ocean of green and blue, rushing up to meet them. And then, without warning, the ship turned itself over as it slowed, so that his stomach jumped, and then they were staring up into a blue sky with white billowing clouds, rather like he might see if they had never left the Earth. They were still dropping, he could fill feel it in his stomach, but not very fast at all now, no worse than being in an elevator. Ian sat up in his chair again.
“That was kind of fun,” he said, “I think.” Jackson didn’t trust sitting up yet; he wanted to make sure they weren’t going to suddenly speed up again first.
“Can you believe it?” Jane said, still staring up into the sky, “We are really going to be standing on an alien planet soon.”
And then the ship plunged into the ocean and the blue sky was replaced by blue and green and foam. They could see the surface sparkling above them, the water bubbling around past the dome as they dropped down into the depths.
“Hey!” Trey said, “Hey, what’s going on here? We said to land on land!” The ship hummed.
“There is land approximately 216 feet below us.”
“Dry land!” Jane exclaimed, “I meant dry land!”
“We can’t breathe water,” Jackson added, “If this is water.” The ship hummed, still dropping, as it considered.
“This is a water mixture similar to the ocean’s upon your earth. I will now move to dry land as you requested.” The descent stopped, and then they were rising again, though not very fast. It was just like being in an elevator, and Ian even left his seat to stand in the center of the ship, staring up out of the dome. 
Above them were fish of a sort; small silvery things with large blue eyes and trailing a billowing, cloth-like tail of blue or red. The ship burst through the surface of the ocean and stopped, gentle waves breaking over the dome. The ship took off, quickly once more, but staying upon the ocean’s surface rather than rising upwards into the sky. 
“Look,” Emma said suddenly, pointing in the direction they moved, and when everyone turned their heads, Ian standing up on top of his seat for a better look, they saw a patch of green in the distance, rapidly coming closer.
“It’s land, it’s land!” Ian exclaimed, jumping up and down and almost falling. Jackson stood and picked up his backpack. Now that land was in sight, he thought they would be leaving the ship soon and didn’t want to forget it. Then he sat back down, waiting. 
The land approached rapidly until they could see trees and the silvery sand of the beach. The waves were rougher here, but the ship cut through them without trouble, until it at last began to slow. It pulled onto the beach and stopped, letting them stare out into the forest. 
It was a real jungle, not at all like the small woods at home, and there was a slight oddness to it that reminded everyone they weren’t on earth anymore. It was green, but with a silvery edge to it, a strange glimmer of color that caught each of them at the edge of their vision and made them keep turning their head. The sky above them was a golden blue, and the ocean sparkled a silvery green. They could see no animals nearby; probably if there were any they had been frightened by the ship.
“So we're here!” Jane said, “What should we do?”
“Let’s explore already,” Trey answered, “There’s got to be something besides trees here. This better not be exactly like earth, after all that.”
“It isn’t,” Jackson pointed out, “The colors are a bit off. I’ll bet once we get a closer look, those won’t really look exactly like trees. Not the ones we know anyway.”
“How do we get out?” Emma asked. Everyone looked out of the dome at the beach and frowned.
“Evrion?” Jane asked. The ship hummed.
“I have brought you to the location of your request. I hope you have enjoyed the trip. Please have a nice day.” Then everything plunged into darkness. The floor glowed green, and when they looked up the dome was no longer clear. It was just like it had been when they had first entered the ship. Everyone got out of their seats and turned around in a circle, looking for an opening.
“Um, Evrion?” Trey said, “A way out?” There was a hum. Then part of the wall opened up, just as it had before, near to where Jackson stood. He walked to the hole and, ducking his head a little, he stepped out onto sand. A light, warm breeze ruffled his hair and he smelled salt and something else, rather like cinnamon. 
There were sounds now, as well as sight, the sounds of the ocean breaking on the shore, the rustle of the plants moving in the wind, a lonely far off cry that he supposed might be a bird. Everyone followed him silently, walking a short distance from the ship. They stared out over the ocean, away at the horizon. Perhaps they were the first humans to stand upon that shore; perhaps they were the first of any intelligent life. Jackson stood at the edge of the water, watching the foam swirl around his shoes, and suddenly felt very far from home. It was exhilarating and lonely all at the same time. 
Then he turned and stared into the jungle, the deep greens and the silver, and something else that confused him. The tree closest to them was tall, with a greenish-brown, smooth trunk and broad leaves that ended in a sort of ruffle, like palm leaves but different. And he looked down at their footprints in the sand suddenly frowning, because he shouldn’t have seen that tree so clearly. He could see their footprints leading towards it, though they stopped at an odd imprint in the sand, the sort of imprint he thought their space ship might leave. The imprint it must have left, because the ship itself was nowhere to be seen at all.
“Hey,” he said softly, grabbing the sleeve to the person closest to him, who happened to be Emma. She turned and let out a shriek that got everyone’s attention. Trey ran back, his arms out, as though he expected to find it by feel, but he walked straight over where it had been, all the way to the tree.
“It left us, it left us!” Ian exclaimed. Jane turned very pale, but said nothing. She looked up into the sky, everywhere she could think, but there was no sign of the ship. 
“We wished to go through space,” Emma whispered, almost to herself, “We wished to go through space and we did. Through space and time.”
“But we also wished to go back, right?” Jackson asked, “We have to go back, right?”
“Hey yeah, we said that too, didn’t we?” Trey said, looking relieved, “The ship will probably come back when this whole adventure thing is done.”
Everyone was somewhat relieved. They would finish all their other wishes, and then they would go back again. It was in the wish. But Emma had her eyes closed, thinking it over carefully.
“But we didn’t,” she whispered, so low everyone didn’t hear her the first time, “We didn’t. We didn’t wish to go back again.”
“What do you mean? I wrote out the wish myself,” Jackson insisted. He started looking for his notebook to show her.
“You might have,” Emma said, “But I heard what you said. And you didn’t say anything about coming back again.” Everyone stood very still, trying to remember exactly what Jackson had said, while he pulled his notebook out. He opened it to the second page and looked it over.
“See, here,” he said, “It says I wished that we ‘travel through space and time’ which we did, you know, ‘to have an adventure which has magic, and treasure, and aliens and after all this we come back home to this same time so no one worries and that we also see pirates and beat them and there is pirate treasure and super powers and that it all begins right this minute, that is my wish.’ See, so I did… I did…except I didn’t read all this did I?  Ian interrupted and so I hurried it, and…” 
Everyone went very silent. Jackson went and stood where the ship had been moments before, and then stared up and up into the alien sky. 


Chapter 4
EXPLORERS ROBINSON

The alien jungle, which had seemed so wondrous moments before, now seemed dark and treacherous.  The trees were too tall, the ocean too wide and empty, and Ian looked as though he might cry at any moment.
“To travel through space, what a stupid idea!” Trey complained, “If you had listened to me we wouldn’t have gone anywhere!”
“You came too.  You were the one that told the ship to take us to space!” Jane answered.
“And Jackson was the one who didn’t even get the wish right!” Trey continued, not listening, “After all that about how you have to write everything down, you just have to get everything perfect, you read it wrong!”
“Jax!” Jackson shouted, “My name is Jax, not Jackson, Jax Robinson, and I did get the wish right.  I just got distracted.”  
“Well, Jax Robinson, we are lost now anyway,” Trey said, “Emma was right.  Robinson is unlucky.  More like Jinx Robinson.”
“It’s not all my fault!” Jackson yelled, clutching his notebook tightly, “My name has nothing to do with it.”
“I distracted him,” Ian said suddenly, much quieter than usual, “It’s all my fault.  Not Jackson’s.  Jax.”
“Yeah, well you’re a Robinson too,” Trey answered, and he marched away from the rest of the group down the beach.
“I didn’t mean it like that,” Emma said, “About your name.  I mean, those are just stories, and this is… real.”
“It is real,” Jane said, and turned to shout after Trey, “And blaming each other won’t change anything!  Maybe we’ll find another ship.”  No one answered her.  Ian did begin to cry then, sitting on the beach.  Jackson thought about walking over to him, still clutching his notebook, but he wasn’t sure what he might say.  He had made the wish, and he should have read it like it was written even if Ian had distracted him.  
He took out a pen and looked at the wish that he had messed up.  Slowly, carefully, he drew a line through the words.  Below that he rewrote his wish over again, this time putting what he had said.  He thought hard, staring at the words.  Nowhere in them was there a hint that they might return.  He hadn’t even said that they would defeat the pirates, only that they would meet them.  Perhaps their wish would end there.  He shuddered.  
“All right,” he decided, “We should organize ourselves.  We can write everything out we know, and try to make a plan.  Like real explorers.”
“We need a name,” Emma said, “to be real explorers you know.  And one of us should be the leader, and we can all have jobs.”  
“I could be the leader,” Jane offered quickly.  She glanced quickly after Trey, who had stopped some ways away and refused to face them.  If he had been there, he would have wanted to be the leader.  
“I want to be the leader,” Ian said suddenly, sitting up.
“You’re too young,” Jane answered, “And I’m the oldest here.”  That was true, unless Emma turned out to be older, but Jackson suddenly found he resented it.
“That’s no reason to get to be the leader,” he said, “You are only a month older than I am.  Why couldn’t I be the leader?”  Jane frowned; she hadn’t expected this much competition.  Jackson almost never volunteered for anything.  
“Exploring was my idea for the wish,” Jackson went on, “You already got to lead with the space part.”
“Trey did that as much as I did!” she answered, “And that hardly counts at all!  I’m not following some Jinx of a Robinson anyway.  You’ll probably get us lost in no time.”  This was completely unfair, as Jackson had never gotten them lost in his life, and he felt his face going hot.
“So you think I’m a jinx, too?” he asked, his voice going very quiet.  Ian, who knew his brother best, began to back away behind Emma.
“I’ll vote for Jackson then,” Ian said.
“Jax!” he yelled at him, ignoring that Ian had taken his side.
“A vote then!” Jane said, “And Ian is too little, so it should be up to Emma and us.  I vote for me.”
“I vote for me,” Jackson said quickly.
“I’m not too little!” Ian insisted, “And Trey isn’t here, so you can’t have a proper vote.”
“Well, he isn’t here, so he doesn’t count either.  So who is it, Emma?” Jane asked.  Ian finally went silent and they both turned to look at Emma, who had turned very pink.  Jackson was glaring and Jane crossed her arms, waiting.
“I think,” she said slowly, staring at the ground, “That Jax should be the leader.” And while Jane glared at her and Jackson stepped back, smiling slightly, she went on quickly, still staring at the sand, saying, “I think he should be the lead explorer, because that was his wish you know, and anyway, I think he would make a good leader, so there!”  And she sat down on the sand and hid her head before Jane could start shouting at her.
“Jinx!  You’re voting for Jinx here to lead us, after all you said about his being a Robinson too!  That isn’t even fair, he doesn’t know anything about leading.”
“I do too,” Jackson answered, “And my name is Jax.  Not Jinx.”  
“And anyway, not everyone has voted,” Jane pointed out, “Not everyone is even here.”
“I vote for my brother,” Ian said quickly, and Jane glared at him, before marching off towards Trey.  Jackson hesitated a moment before hurrying after her.
“It was too a fair vote, you’re the one who said we should leave out Trey,” he reminded her, but she didn’t turn around or answer.  
Ian followed after them, not liking to be left behind, and after a moment, when Emma realized everyone had left, she got up and went too.  She went slower than the others, trying to dust all the sand off her dress.  It was growing hot on the beach as the sun came out from behind the clouds, and she moved over to walk beneath the shade of the trees.  
There was a noise in the branches above her.  Startled and suddenly afraid, she looked up.  What sort of animals might they find on this alien planet?  What sort of monsters?  She could see nothing up among the broad green leaves.  Then the sound came again, a soft gurgling sort of chirp, and something dropped from the tree and landed on her head.
Emma screamed at the top of her lungs, shaking her head violently, as the creature clung to her hair and let out wild, fearful chirps.  At last, just as the others came running to her, it jumped from her head to the tree trunk and climbed swiftly up it several feet above their heads where it stopped to stare down at them, scolding loudly.
“What is it, what is it?” Ian kept yelling, somewhat out of breath, while Emma continued to cry and put her hands through her long hair.
“I don’t know, it just dropped on me,” she said, and didn’t want to look up at it.  Jackson stared closely at this first animal they had seen on the alien planet, aside from fish.  It was like a monkey, he thought, small and furry with a long tail.  But it also had large, floppy ears, and large green eyes and its fur was a bright blue.  Staring at how it held the trunk, he saw it had very long, flexible fingers.  It didn’t seem to have hurt Emma at all, only startled her.  There was a rustle in the branches above them, and then several more wide green eyes stared down at them.
“What are they?” Trey asked, “Alien monkeys?”  
“They are almost like monkeys,” Jackson pointed out, “Just like these trees are almost like palm trees.  Everything is like earth, but not exactly.”
“So what should we call this, Almost Earth?” Jane asked scornfully.
“I didn’t say that,” Jackson answered, annoyed, “I was just making an observation.”  He looked thoughtfully up at the almost monkeys, and opened his notebook.  While he wrote in his notebook, Jane told Trey about the vote on who was leader.  
“If anyone should be leader,” he said, “I think I should.”  
“Never mind that now,” Emma said, “Maybe we just shouldn’t have a leader.  Forget I said anything.  Right now, we need to know what we are going to do.  Are we going to stay on this beach forever?”
“Forget that, what are we eating?” Ian asked.  
“We need to find food,” Jane agreed, “Food and water, and probably shelter.  A place that is safe, you know?  Who knows what dangerous animals live in there?”  
Everyone but Jackson looked nervously into the jungle.  It was darker in there, compared to the open beach, but not so very dark as to appear alarming. The undergrowth had a golden green look to it, with bright and colorful flowers unlike any they had seen, and as they watched an insect rather like a butterfly except with too many legs landed on one of the flowers.  
The scene looked peaceful, and if they hadn’t been so worried, they might have thought it pretty.  Jackson didn’t see any of it as he wrote in his notebook.
“I’m hungry, I’m hungry, I’m hungry!” Ian shouted, at last getting Jackson’s attention.  
“I have food,” he said suddenly, making everyone turn to look at him, “I brought a lot of stuff in my backpack.”
“What did you bring, exactly?” Trey asked, “I really think we should know.”  Jackson nodded, turning to open his backpack.  
“I have my notebook, of course,” he said, digging through his pack, “And several pens.  A folder from school, some spare paper, the compass, Jane’s measuring tape, the map, a small knife…” here he had opened the pockets as well, “a small bottle of water, a comb, and this.”  He pulled out a large brown paper sack and set it on the ground.  “And my back pack itself,” he continued almost as an afterthought, “and my clothes, my shoes, and my watch.”
“Hey,” Jane said, distracted from the bag, “What time is it?”  Jackson shrugged and looked at his wrist, then frowned.  
“That can’t be right,” he said, “This says it’s 9:52.  But it had been at least that late when we started, and it feels like lunchtime now.  I think it must be broken.”  Then he noticed that it wasn’t blinking or moving at all, and he thought it must have stopped.
“Who cares about the time,” Trey said, “What’s in the bag?”  Jackson opened it to show them.
“Two peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, a bag of chips, and a candy bar.”  Everyone looked at each other, feeling very hungry.  It didn’t look like enough to go around.
“Does anyone else have anything?” Jackson asked.  At first no one wanted to answer.
“I have a bag of skittles,” Ian finally admitted.
“I have half a ham and cheese sandwich,” Emma suddenly remembered, “From the trip here.  From Houston I mean.  We left so early in the morning to get to the new house, you see, and we packed for an early lunch but I wasn’t that hungry.  Too bad I ate all the cookies.”
She took out the sandwich half and added it to everything else.
“I have some gum,” Trey said, “But I don’t think that counts.”  But he took it from his pocket and threw it in the pile anyway.
“This won’t last very long,” Jane said, “Maybe we should wait to eat until we are really hungry.  Maybe we can find food here.  Fruit or something.”
“Wait to eat?” Ian asked, “But I’m hungry now!”  Everyone stared mournfully at their lunch.  Slowly, Jackson began to pack everything away.
“We need to find more water,” Jane said, ignoring Ian’s groaning, “And try to find food.  I think we need to enter the jungle.”  
“It doesn’t look dangerous,” Trey said, staring into the trees, “For an alien planet this place is kind of lame.”
“There are bound to be some sort of dangerous animals in there,” Emma pointed out, “Something like Earth lions or tigers.”
“Or bears,” Jane added, “But still.  We can’t stay on the beach forever.  So what do you think, Jinx?” She smiled this time when she called him that, and he said, “Jax,” half-heartedly but his thoughts were on the jungle.
“I think we should go in there,” he said at last, “Anything dangerous in there could probably also come out onto the beach.  And we might find food or water.  But maybe not too far, so we could get back to the beach before it grows dark.”
“We’ll get lost, I know we will!” Ian said, suddenly not liking the jungle at all, and he went close to Jackson.
“Let’s make some sort of trail, like Hansel and Gretel,” Emma suggested, “So that we can find our way back out again.  Only not crumbs of course.”  
Then everyone stopped to think about what they could use to mark their path.  Jane thought they might use seashells, but when they thought about it no one could remember seeing any on the beach.  Ian even ran all the way to the ocean to check, completely soaking his shoes, but all he had seen when he came back were a bunch of tiny fish things that burrowed into the sand when he got there.
“What about sand?” Emma asked, but no one wanted to try to carry that about.  Just then something dropped at Ian’s feet from the tree above them and he picked it up.
“What about this?” he asked.  It was a small round blue thing that resembled of a miniature coconut.  
“It would work if we had more of them,” Jackson pointed out, and at that moment a lot more fell at their feet, some hitting them in the head.  They looked up in surprise, and the creatures that resembled blue furred monkeys were looking back at them, chirping excitedly.  As they watched, the odd monkeys threw a handful more down at them.
“Hey!” Trey shouted.
“Maybe they heard us,” Ian said, “Maybe they want to help us!”  Then a couple of the small nuts landed on his head and he started to shout at them.  Everyone backed away quickly from the bombardment except for Jane, who stopped to pick up several of the blue nuts first.
“These are like nuts or something, I think,” she told the others as they stood back in the sunlight.  The alien monkeys continued to chirp shrilly at them, and the occasional nut flew in their direction.
“Can we eat them?” Ian wanted to know, and then everyone tried to get one of them open.  Ian used his teeth until Emma pointed out it might be poisonous, and then he used his shoes like everyone else, but they proved very hard to crack.  Jackson finally remembered his knife, but it was a cheap blade and didn’t even dent it. In the end it was the monkey creatures themselves who showed them how they opened.  
Jackson had continued his observations when he noticed one of the almost monkeys, possibly the same one that had fallen on Emma, come down from the tree and take up a nut.  Holding it in its long, flexible fingers, it twisted hard, and the nut came apart.  The almost monkey then ate whatever was at the center quickly.  A nut fell on its head then, and it let out a chirp and leaped away to another nearby tree.  It didn’t go far up the trunk though, staring at the children on the beach with wide, interested eyes.
“Hey,” Jackson said, “Try twisting it.”  And he took one and started to twist it himself.  Almost at once, he felt it sliding, and then it broke into two even sections, revealing a dark brown nut at the center.  He eyed it nervously, wondering if this counted as food.  Cautiously, he smelled it, and tasted it with his tongue, ready to spit it out if it proved to taste bad.  
“Don’t, wait, it could be poison,” Emma exclaimed when she saw him eating it, a look of great surprise on his face.  Jane and Trey had finally managed to open theirs, while Ian had continued with his shoes.  Emma held hers open, but was unwilling to taste the alien food.
“Cho’clat,” Jackson mumbled, rapidly opening several more of the nuts.
“What?” Ian asked, looking up at last from his shoes.  Jackson swallowed.
“Chocolate.  It’s chocolate!” he exclaimed and ate another.  Still hesitant, the others tasted their nuts.  Ian finally caught on to twisting it, and then tried to eat three at once.
“It does taste like chocolate,” Emma said slowly, after licking hers, “But it couldn’t be.  Not really.  Chocolate doesn’t grow on trees like nuts.  And what if it’s poisonous?”
“Chocolate poisonous?” Ian asked, and he looked suddenly nervous as he dropped the nut he held.
“It isn’t exactly chocolate,” Trey said, “And it isn’t impossible.  Not on an alien planet you know.  Chocolate comes from cocoa beans right?  So what if here it’s a nut?”
“Well, if we all die, we’ll know you were right,” Jane said, and ate another one.  At last, Emma gave in to her temptation and ate one of the nuts.  Then she began to gather more, as well as all the shells, but she didn’t eat any.
“We still need water,” she reminded them, “And it would be nice to find more food.  If we go into the jungle, we will still need a trail to get back.”  So everyone joined her in gathering more of the nuts, Jackson filling the pockets of his backpack.
“All right,” Trey said, “Let’s go already.  We can take turns dropping nuts.”
“But we can’t go too deep or too far,” Jane reminded them, “We have to be back before it gets dark.  I don’t want to spend my first night on this alien planet lost in the jungle.”
“Of course we’ll get lost!” Ian exclaimed, “Remember!  We have Jinx Robinson with us!”  And then a lot more time was lost, as well as a few nuts, in the chase that followed.  It ended with Ian, half laughing half howling, thrown into the ocean and everyone getting very wet.  
In the end though, everyone stood once more before the jungle.  The sun had gone lower in the sky, and no matter how alien the planet was they decided that it probably signified midafternoon and high time to set off.  
Taking a last look out on the ocean, the five children walked into the tangle of flowery plants that marked the border to the jungle.  They disappeared without a sound into the leafy green, leaving only a trail of cocoa nuts behind them.


Chapter 5
PIRATES

They had hardly walked any distance at all before all signs of the beach were swallowed up within the leafy plant life of the jungle.  Emma took the first turn of dropping their trail, and she kept her eyes thoughtfully behind them for most of the walk, as though afraid their meager trail would disappear the moment her eyes left it.  Everyone else’s vision was completely taken up with the wonders of the alien jungle.
All around them, strange flowers bloomed from great plants or climbing vines and attracted several insects.  No one could say whether the flowers really looked that alien, though there was nothing remotely like them to be seen in the woods back home, but the insects were another matter.  
There were those with great, colorful wings that everyone agreed looked like butterflies, but they had way too many legs, great long flexible sort of legs.  On one of them, there were tiny red and green wormlike creatures, one to a leg, and everyone decided they were probably its children.  And the long-legged butterflies were nothing compared to all varieties of beetles.  These, rather than having too many legs, had only four, and seemed to rely more on their wings to get about.  
Finally there were the tiny, buzzing creatures that no one could identify with anything, unless it was a mosquito, except they didn’t seem to bite, and they were too small.
“Enough of bugs,” Trey said, after they had walked a while, “Where are the animals?”  
“Forget animals,” Ian replied, “Where is the stupid water?”  He had grown very thirsty after their swim in the salt water and Jackson absolutely refused to take out his small bottle of water.
“If we can’t find anything by this evening, we can all drink some,” he said.  It was his turn to drop their trail by then, and he didn’t want to be bothered by Ian.  Everyone kept an eye out for any sign of some sort of monster, but nothing was seen besides the insects.  They heard noises though; loud cries above their heads in the branches, the occasional chirping, a flutter of wings.  The jungle was loud with noise, but whether to anything dangerous, it was hard to tell.  And they neither saw nor heard any sign of water.  
“It is strange though,” Jane pointed out once, “How easy this jungle is to walk through.  I mean, there are all these plants on the ground, but nothing sharp or thorny or rough to get past.  I think we would have a harder time moving through the woods back home.  And where are all the animals?”
“In the treetops I think,” Jackson said, looking up, “Though I suppose there must be things down here too.  They probably run away or hide when we get close.”  And then it was Ian’s turn to drop their trail and Jackson took out his notebook to make some more notes about the jungle.  
“How late do you think it is?” Emma asked, as she had often asked during their trek, “I mean, shouldn’t we head back now?  It’s going to be night soon.”  
No one wanted to walk all the way back empty handed though, and Trey kept saying they would probably find water soon, just a little bit further in.  It was hard to tell what time it was, as the sun was filtered through the trees and cast a pale, silvery golden glow over everything.  Then, everything began to darken rapidly.  
“Hey,” Jackson said, when he found he could no longer see well enough to write, and then everyone stopped, standing very close together. 
“I told you!” Emma said, “I told you the sun would go down, and we aren’t even started back yet!  We’re hours from the beach!”  
The sun had set so suddenly, that no one had even noticed until the light was gone.  The jungle, which had seemed gentle enough in the sunlight, was suddenly a shadowy nightmare.  The noises overhead became twice as alarming as before, and when a many-legged butterfly landed on Jane’s arm she let out a piercing shriek.  Everything became very quiet around them.
“Let’s go back, let’s go back right now, I want to go home!” Ian wailed, clutching Jackson’s arm.  But they could hardly see a few feet in front of themselves, let alone find their trail, and slowly everyone began to realize that they had to spend the night lost within the jungle.  
It wasn’t until this point that Jackson really began to realize how very little they knew about where they were.  The ship hadn’t even given them a name, only assuring them that they could survive the planet’s atmosphere.  Everyone had felt comforted by the great similarities between this planet and their own, but every slight difference brought back the realization that they were truly on an alien planet.  And now night had suddenly fallen, and they were still there, and it was beginning to grow cold.  
Then at last it was beginning to sink in that there was absolutely no way of finding their way back to Earth on their own.  It wasn’t simply a matter of finding their way back to the beach where they started, it was a matter of billions of stars between them and Earth.  Ian wasn’t the only one who began to cry then, as they huddled together in their small group.  The word Home was on everyone’s mind, and mothers and fathers waiting for their return.  
It was worst for Emma.  Everyone else at least knew each other well, had known each other for years, but she kept feeling like she had almost pushed her way into their group when she had shown up as she had.  Emma remembered how angry and frustrated she had felt when she had entered the woods that morning.  
She had told the other children that she had gotten lost, which was true, but the truth was she had meant to get lost.  She had never wanted to move away from Houston to that small town at all; she hadn’t wanted to leave all her friends and her school.  She had hardly looked at the new house when she arrived, and when she saw the woods she had simply quietly slipped away.  
She had walked for a long time, not caring where she went, only not wanted to go back, until the tight knot in her stomach had begun to loosen.  And then she had heard the voices of other children, and had gone towards them.  And her mother and father would still be at the house, or perhaps out searching and searching, but no one would find her.  There would be many parents out looking this evening, and no one would ever find them again.  
The night felt very lonesome, and dark, and no one could even begin to think of sleeping.  And then the noises began, and thoughts of a far off home were clouded by sudden fears of monsters in the dark.  A wild, yelping howl tore through the night, and it was echoed by many voices in the treetops above them.  Then something came crashing through the undergrowth nearby, running very close to them before it continued on, the noise disappearing in the distance.
“Maybe we could try to get back to the beach,” Trey whispered softly, “I think I can almost see, now that my eyes are getting used to the dark.”
“Then you must be a cat,” Jane said, “Because I can’t even see my hand in front of my face.”  She had held it up just then to try, and she truly couldn’t distinguish so much as a shadow of form before her.  Ian shivered slightly, holding onto Jackson’s arm.  It was colder now that the sun had vanished, but that wasn’t why he was shivering.
“I don’t think we should talk much,” Jackson whispered so lightly that the others had to strain to hear him, “If there is anything out there, we don’t want them to hear us.”  Everyone grew very silent then, listening, and they recalled how noisy they had been just a short while before.  What if something had already heard them?  It could be stalking up their trail of cocoa shells right at that moment.  There was no noise except for the occasional howl from the treetops.  
“We should sleep,” Jane suggested, trying to speak as softly as possible but still to sound brave, “We could take turns watching.”  
No one answered her.  No one wanted to be the one sitting up alone in the darkness, waiting for something to attack.  And no one felt like they would be able to sleep.  But in the end, the effects of the long day were catching up with them.  They had spent a good deal of it up and walking, and Ian especially felt himself growing sleepy.  
No one could see well enough to find a better place to camp, and anyway no one wanted to leave their trail in case they never found it again, so in the end everyone sat down where they were, leaning against each other for support, though they kept their eyes open wide.  Every once in a while, a sudden noise would make everyone jump, and tense up, but drowsiness was catching up on them.
When something crashed along the ground nearby, Jackson found that he had drifted into a light, uneasy sleep but he was wide awake when he heard the noise.  It came very close to where they were, and stopped.  He held his breath, wondering if the others were awake, afraid to make any movement.  He had never felt such a powerful fear before, as though the fear itself was going to swallow him.  There was something there, something in the dark, but he could see no hint of shape or size.  
The silence wore on and he lay as still as he could, breathing in sharp gasps when he could hold his breath no longer.  Was it still there or had it left, silently passing them by?  Then he heard a sharp crack, like a twig snapping, and he tried to swallow but couldn’t.  And then there was a howl, directly above them in the trees, and a rustle of leaves, and the thing in the dark ran away.  He could hear it, the soft thud of feet hitting the ground and the swish of parting leaves, and then it was gone.  The sound in the treetops continued, and he still couldn’t move, and then all was silent around them once more.  He lay awake for a very long time without moving or making a sound.
And then, suddenly, Trey was shaking him and he opened his eyes, feeling very stiff and disoriented as pale sunlight illuminated silvery green plants around him.  And then he sat up, remembering everything all at once, and realizing just as suddenly that he could see, and it was daylight again.  
It was very early, and still dark on the forest floor but when he looked up he could see a soft glow of morning light falling through the leaves.  Jackson sat up, feeling very drowsy, and having half a mind to go back to sleep now that it was light and the jungle not nearly so threatening, and he noticed that he had been sleeping with his backpack still on his back.  He pulled it off, stretching, and saw that the other three were still asleep, Ian curled into a ball at his side and the girls leaning over each other.  But Trey kept pulling at him to get up, so at last he did, yawning and feeling that it was way too early in the morning for adventures of any sort.
“Come on,” Trey whispered, but Jackson shook his head; he suddenly felt that he really had to go, but not with Trey standing there.  He didn’t bother to explain, his mouth felt too dry anyway, but set off a little ways to find a convenient tree.  Trey waited for him impatiently, and then grabbed his hand when he came back.
“What about the others?” Jackson asked, as Trey started to drag him away from their small group.
“In a moment,” Trey answered, “I’ve found something.”  At last Jackson began to grow curious and he followed silently.  He began to grow nervous though as he realized they were moving away from both the others and their path they had made, and he hoped Trey knew the way back again.  
“Of course I know the way back,” Trey said when Jackson whispered his concerns, “I found you, didn’t I?” And then they stepped between two trees and Jackson almost fell except that Trey grabbed his arm because the forest floor suddenly dropped away.  Below them, down a small hill, was water.  Jackson leaned out further, holding a tree trunk for support, and looked out over a wide river that cut through the trees.  The water shimmered in the sunlight and Jackson looked across to the far side, at least a hundred feet away.
“Hey, you found water!” he said, but Trey shook his head, motioning for silence.  Jackson frowned, saying, “It is water, isn’t it?  I mean, like from earth?  The ocean water seemed the same.”
“I haven’t tried it yet,” Trey answered softly, then looking ahead downstream he whispered, “Maybe I should have woken the Brat too.  After all, they were his wish.”
“What...” Jackson began but as he turned his head he finally saw what Trey was talking about.
  Far downstream, next to the opposite bank, was a ship.  Not a spaceship like they had arrived in, but a large wooden vessel, painted black with a tall mast that touched the overhanging branches.  Oars stuck out of its side and he thought he even recognized the tip of a canon sticking out from a hole near the top of the ship’s side.  It was not an incredibly huge vessel, but quite large enough to be intimidating.  Now that he was looking, he began to hear, carried on the wind, the sound of voices as men went back and forth upon the deck.  From where they stood, the men looked completely human and not alien at all.
“Do you really think they’re pirates?” Jackson asked Trey in a soft whisper.  He suddenly remembered how loud he had been only moments before and stared harder, but no one seemed to have seen them yet.
“Well,” Trey whispered softly, “They don’t have a pirate flag, none at all that I can see, but the ship is black.  And we know we wished for pirates, and here are people in a ship on the river.  Of course they must be pirates.”  Jackson was still doubtful, but either way he thought they should avoid the ship.  Who knew what they would think of five children from a distant planet invading their land?
“So what do you think they’re doing here?  Do you think they’re human?” he asked.  Trey frowned at the question.  He had almost forgotten they weren’t on Earth.
“Maybe searching for treasure,” he whispered, ignoring the second question.  
They stood watching the ship for a moment in silence.  Treasure had been in the wish too, Jackson remembered, along with pirates, and both boys wondered what sort of treasure could be hidden in the jungle.  Jackson wished he had his notebook with him, so he could take some notes.  He suddenly realized that they had been gone from the camp for a long time, and they hadn’t even told the others where they were going.  They were probably awake by then, and he knew that Ian especially would begin to worry if they didn’t get back soon.  He knew that he would have been worried if he had woken up and found people were missing.
“So,” Trey whispered suddenly, “I think we should go in for a closer look.  Maybe see what they’re up to.”  Jackson looked at Trey in surprise.  
“We can’t,” he said.
“What, are you scared?” Trey asked in a sneer.
“No, I mean, we can’t yet,” Jackson explained, “We have to go back and tell the others.  They don’t know where we are.  And they should know if there are pirates nearby.  We shouldn’t have stayed gone so long; they won’t know anything about where we went to.  And besides, I want my backpack.”  
Trey scowled, not wanting to go all the way back again, or to admit that Jackson could be right.  But he didn’t want to go on alone, either, and at least he could be the first one to tell everyone about the pirates and the river.  
“All right, Jinx,” he mumbled, “Let’s go then.  But after...”
But at that moment they heard the scream, coming from the direction of their camp.  Trey left his sentence hanging, what he was about to say forgotten, and for a moment neither boy moved.  Then they turned and started running back through the jungle as fast as they could go. 


Chapter 6
ALMOST

Trey quickly took the lead, as he knew the way better than Jackson, pushing his way through leafy bushes and vines.  There were no more sounds after the first scream, and they slowed as they neared where they had left the others, trying to move silently.  They were beginning to realize how stupid it had been to go off alone in the jungle without saying anything; if the others weren’t where they had left them then they would have no idea how to find them again.  
They listened closely for any sign of danger.  Aside from the pirates, Jackson remembered the noises from last night and wondered if there could be any monsters hidden in the dark shadows.  Soon they did hear something, but not any of the things they were dreading.  It was Emma’s voice and, though she sounded extremely angry, she was not, as far as they could tell, frightened or hurt.
“What is that stupid thing doing here!” she shouted.
“He’s not stupid, he’s my friend.  He followed us from the beach,” Ian answered her, and then Trey and Jackson pushed their way between the trees to see what was going on.  Jane, Emma, and Ian were now up and wide awake, as was a fourth member of the party that they hadn’t seen the night before.  Sitting on Ian’s shoulder, one hand clinging to his hair and the other to his ear, was one of the blue monkey-like creatures they had seen on the beach.  Looking at it closer, Jackson thought it might even be the same one that had first dropped on Emma the day before.  
“So what is going on here?” Trey asked the three of them.  Jane was laughing too hard to say anything, and Emma looked ready to scream again, this time in annoyance.
“His name is Almost,” Ian said, “He followed us.  I think he followed our trail of chocolate nuts.”  He had one hand stroking the animal’s tail, as though to reassure it.
“Are you sure it’s safe?” Jackson asked, frowning.
“That thing crawled into my hair while I was sleeping,” Emma said, “I woke up and it was staring right at me!”
“You should have seen her!” Jane said, as she finally stopped laughing, “She leapt up and danced all around with that monkey holding onto her hair and screaming for dear life!”
“He’s my friend,” Ian insisted, “He came and slept with me last night.”
“Where were you?” Emma asked, turning on the boys.  Then they suddenly remembered what they had come to say.
“We have to leave here right away,” Jackson said, “They must have heard us by now.  I’m sure they must have heard your scream.”
“There are pirates,” Trey explained as the others stared, “Up the river.  I found them this morning when I was looking for water.”
“We don’t know that they are pirates for sure,” Jackson reminded him, and Trey frowned but no one else seemed to have heard Jackson’s last remark at all.
“Pirates!” Ian exclaimed, looking pale, and the monkey jumped on top of his head, startled by the loud outburst.
“Of course they must have heard her scream,” Jane said, not laughing at all now, “Come on everyone!”  The jungle around them seemed very sinister at that moment, as though anyone could have been hiding all around them, behind a tree or bush.  Jackson took the time to grab his backpack and then they all started away into the jungle.
“Hold it,” Emma said, after they had gone a few steps, “We shouldn’t just rush off like this.  We’ll be lost for sure.”
“Let’s go to the river,” Trey suggested, “We can try and see what they are up to.”
“And drink some water,” Ian pointed out, reminding everyone how thirsty they were.  And thinking of drinking made them think of breakfast and food.  Somehow, no one wanted any more chocolate.
“The river is just ahead,” Trey whispered, holding up a warning hand, and then everyone crowded around him to look out on the water.  The monkey Almost leapt up onto a branch to see what everyone was looking at and then jumped back onto Ian’s shoulder.  Ian didn’t seem to notice, his eyes on the ship.  
For the moment, they forgot about being thirsty or hungry, but at last, they began to consider the river itself, wondering if it was safe to drink the water.  Who knew what sort of alien germs it could contain, or if it was even truly water?  
After a moment’s hesitation, Jane climbed carefully to the water’s edge and dipped her hand into the river.  It felt just the same as water from Earth and looking down into the cold, clear depths she thought it looked clean, though it was impossible to be certain.  Hesitating a moment more, she tasted some.
“It tastes like water,” she whispered back to the others.
“What about the ship?” Jackson asked, “Think we should move further away?”
“It can’t see us if we stay low,” Trey pointed out quickly, “Not from way over there.”  
Soon everyone was copying Jane.  And when they decided that no better food was forthcoming, as Jackson continued to insist on saving what food they had until they really needed it, they ate more of the cocoa nuts to take the edge off their hunger.  Then they sat a short ways from the river, and considered what to do next.
“We should try to get closer to the ship,” Trey kept insisting, “And see what they are up to.”  No one answered him.
“I want to go home,” Ian said suddenly, and Almost let out an affirmative chirp.  The monkey was lying in Ian’s arms where he was occasionally fed a bit of chocolate, but just then Ian had squeezed him a bit too tight.
“Exactly,” Trey insisted, “Maybe they know something about how to get home.  And it is either that, or just continue walking in the jungle or go back to the beach.”
“What if the ship returns?” Emma asked suddenly, “What if it comes back to the beach and we aren’t there?”  That was a horrible thought, but no one really thought it was very likely that the ship would return.
“Do you think Mom would let me keep Almost?” Ian asked, and Emma scowled towards the monkey.  She still hadn’t forgiven him.
“We should split into groups, maybe,” Trey continued with his thoughts on examining the ship, “Then if some of us are caught, the others can rescue them.”  
“I don’t want any of us to be caught!” Ian said, “It is all my fault; I wished for pirates, and I don’t want them, I don’t!”  
No one else said anything for a while, but in the end Trey’s plan was the best idea they had.  Emma still thought they should go back to the beach, and away from the pirates, but it was hours away to reach it and no one else thought the ship likely to return.  And everyone except Ian wanted to find out more about the first people they had seen on this world, especially as they seemed to be human.
“And maybe they aren’t even pirates,” Jackson kept pointing out, “Maybe they can help us.”
“We should still split up, I think,” Trey said, not wanting to give up on his original plan, “And meet up here afterwards.”
“If we can find here again,” Emma pointed out.  Trey ignored her.
“I think me and Jinx should go together, and you girls and Brat can make a second group.”
“Jax,” Jackson insisted, “Not Jinx.”
“I want to go with you two!” Ian cried.
“I am not going anywhere with him if that thing goes too,” Emma insisted, pointing at the monkey.
“He’s Almost,” Ian said, “Not a thing.  If me and Almost go with Jinx that’s three and Trey and you two makes three.”  He saw Jackson’s glare and said quickly, “Jax, I mean.  Jax and me and Almost.”
Trey opened his mouth to complain but Jane spoke first.
“All right,” she said, and Emma nodded saying, “I can live with that.”
“Pirates were Ian’s wish,” Jackson said slowly, though not looking completely satisfied with the arrangement, “I say we follow his idea.”
“Splitting up was my idea,” Trey mumbled, but he agreed to the group arrangements.  They talked together a while longer, making sure that they knew what they were doing, though Trey was impatient to start off.
“So all right, and if anyone runs into danger, make that chirping sound like Almost makes,” Jane said.  They had originally thought to make a hooting sound like an owl, which had been Emma’s idea until Jackson pointed out they didn’t know if there were even any owls on this planet and it would just give the person away.  
Then Jackson and Ian, with Almost on his shoulder, set off along the river.  Since each group couldn’t exactly take different directions, as they needed to be by the river to see the ship and there was no easy way to cross it, they had decided that Jackson’s group would go first, and the others would wait five minutes and then follow.  Trey had wanted to be the first to go, but since pirates were Ian’s wish, everyone else outvoted him.
“We should make up fake names,” Ian whispered to Jackson as they pushed there way through the undergrowth, “In case we get captured like Trey said.  You can say you are Jinx and I could be, um...”
“Brat,” Jackson said, “That’s what you are.”  He wasn’t in the mood to talk at the moment.  He was nervous about splitting up from the others, and excited at the same time to be spying on pirates.
“Well anyway,” Ian insisted, “We should.”
“We’re on an alien planet,” Jackson pointed out, “They won’t even speak English, I’ll bet.  They would never know the difference of whether we give fake names or real ones.  There isn’t even a record of us here for them to look at.  Now be quiet, we’re getting close to the ship.”
They were very close then, and it looked much bigger than he had first thought.  He took off his backpack and pulled out his notebook.  Putting his backpack down next to a tree, he went closer to the river and looked across it at the ship.  
He could see the men more clearly, huge and strong men with darkly tanned skin and wearing weather stained mismatched clothes and swords at their sides.  One had a peg leg and another an eye patch and they all looked fierce and dangerous.  From their vantage directly opposite the ship they were able to hear more clearly the men calling back and forth to each other.
“Hurry it up mate!” one large sailor with a long black beard shouted at two others who were carrying a large chest across the deck of the ship.  Jackson remembered Trey’s comment about treasure and wondered what was in the chest, but it was carried out of sight without being opened.
“Get on men, bring up those ropes!” another sailor shouted.  Everyone looked very busy, some on shore and some on board and others running in between, carrying chests or messing with ropes and other activities that they couldn’t quite make out.  Jackson got the impression that they were going to be leaving soon, and wondered if they might be leaving treasure behind.  What Ian thought was hard to tell, but he watched with wide eyes, and didn’t let go of Almost’s tail.  
Jackson wrote quickly, taking notes on everything he could see around the ship, trying to figure out what they were doing.  Then, wanting a closer look and afraid of dropping his notebook, he set it aside with his backpack, and leaned out holding onto a tree branch.
“Careful,” Ian whispered.  He had said nothing while Jackson took notes and his hand didn’t leave Almost.  The calls on the ship were becoming more urgent then, and Jackson thought that they must have gotten everything they wanted, because no more men seemed to be standing on the far shore.  At Ian’s insistence, Jackson finally backed away slightly from the river, but he didn’t take his eyes off the ship.  He listened to them a moment more, hoping to hear something about what the men were doing.
“Hold on,” Jackson said suddenly in surprise, “They’re speaking English!”
“That we are mate,” said a voice behind them, and Jackson felt something sharp touching his back.  Cold fear washed over him, so that he hardly dared to move.  He heard Almost chittering from Ian’s shoulder, but neither boy moved or made a sound.  Jackson wondered if he could really manage to copy Almost’s chirping or if it would be worth it to try.  What could the others do against a pirate?
“You’ll be wanting to turn around now, nice and slow like,” the voice continued, and the sharp point left his back, allowing him to move.  
Jackson swallowed, then turned slowly as Ian did the same.  Two pirates faced them.  Jackson had no doubt that they were pirates now.  The one facing him had black hair, streaked with gray, and blue eyes.  His clothing seemed a mismatched assortment of colors thrown together and he held a sword pointed towards him.  Jackson’s eyes rested on the sword.  The second pirate was much like the first, but with darker skin and slightly better matching clothes.  He held his sword towards Ian.
“I’m thinking I’d like to know your names, lads,” the first pirate said, “And what you be doing here.”  Neither answered, and the second pirate frowned menacingly.  He was taller than the first.
“Well?” he hissed through his teeth.
“I, I’m, my name is Jinx,” Jackson answered at last.
“I’m Brat,” Ian said quickly.  Suddenly, Jackson felt foolish, and he held his head up high.
“Jinx Robinson,” he said, wishing he had said Jax instead of Jinx.  The pirates looked startled.
“Robinson is it?” asked the first pirate, but he said it strangely, so that the sounds seemed smushed together, like Rrrbinsn.
“I think you two had better come with us,” he continued, “come along lads, nice and easy, and we won’t have to stab you.”  
Jackson’s legs felt like lead, and he wasn’t sure if he could follow, but somehow he managed to move.  They were led along towards a small boat, hidden nearby next to the shore.  Ian looked ready to cry, but he was trying to be brave.  The monkey Almost became agitated, scrambling onto Ian’s head, then finally leaping away into a tree.  Ian called after him, and one of the pirates made a grab for him but the monkey had disappeared into the jungle.  Jackson wished he could have followed him.  
They climbed into the boat and one of the pirates held his sword drawn while the other took the oars.  Jackson turned his head to look back into the jungle, wondering where the others were and hoping they weren’t found out.  Ian kept his eyes locked on the ship that they were fast approaching.
“Ahoy, Captain!” shouted the shorter pirate as the boat pulled up alongside the ship, “See what we found spying in the bushes!”  
A short man came forward as they were hauled aboard.  Despite his short stature, there was no doubt that he must be a captain.  He stood with authority upon the ship, and his clothes fit him well.  He wore a black coat and pants and his bright red beard had braids in it.  His eyes were sharp and green and commanded attention, though his expression held no malice.
“Children?” said the man, raising an eyebrow, “More children.  And perhaps this is to say that this island holds the fountain of youth and all who live here are as young.”  The man laughed, but Jackson felt a sick knot of dread in his stomach.  Did that mean that the others had been captured as well?  He couldn’t be sure; perhaps the captain referred to something else, or was only trying to trick them into giving information away.
“And who be these, now I wonder?” the captain asked.
“Say their names are Brat and Jinx,” said one of their captors, “Brat and Jinx R’binsn.”
“Do they now,” said the captain, a strange glint in his eye, “Well isn’t that interesting.  I think I’d better have a talk with these lads.  Bring them to my cabin.”  
Then he turned away to survey the happenings of the ship as Jackson and Ian were forcibly led through a door and into a tiny room.  There was a bunk, high on the wall, and below that a desk.  Various articles of clothing were strewn about along with small items that looked mechanical in nature though they couldn’t recognize their purpose.  There was also a large chest set in a corner, locked.  
“Touch nothing on your life,” said the pirate who had shoved them in the room and the door was closed.  Neither boy said anything.  Ian stared at the door, his eyes wide while Jackson tried to think.  Why had everyone reacted so strongly when he said his name was Robinson?  And how was it that everyone spoke English in the first place?  They were on an alien planet, far from home, and this was the last thing he would expect, unless the pirates themselves came from earth and had been brought there just to fulfill Ian’s wish.  
Suddenly, he felt the ship pitch beneath his feet and almost fell.  They were moving, he realized, and wondered where the others were.  Were they in some other room upon the ship, or were they watching from the shore as the ship pulled away?  Either way, they couldn’t help them now.  
The wait dragged on, and he hoped they weren’t going out to sea.  Ian, despite his obvious fright, seemed to be getting bored because he picked up one of the metal objects lying out on the captain’s desk.  Jackson made him put it down, and then began to look at the door, wondering if it was actually locked and if anyone was guarding it.  He was just about to try it and see when it was thrown open and the captain was standing in the doorway.  He regarded each boy with sharp eyes before stepping into the room and shutting the door behind him.
“Well now then,” he said, “Welcome aboard the Ambris.  I am sure we are going to become great friends, all right.  Just a few things I would like you to tell me now. I am very interested, my lads, in what brings you here now, out of the jungle on a supposedly deserted island.  Especially those who claim the name ‘R’binsn’.”
“Robinson,” Jackson answered carefully, “That’s our name.  We came here in a ship, but the ship left us here.”  He didn’t mention that it was a space ship.
“Is that it?” the captain said, still eyeing them sharply.
“Yes sir!” Ian exclaimed, “It is!”
“Just you two?” he asked, “Have you no other companions still lurking?”
“No,” Jackson answered, “There is no one else.”  He swallowed nervously, hoping the others hadn’t been caught.
“We heard a scream,” said the captain, “No lad made that sound.”  Neither boy answered.
“All right,” said the captain, after he had waited a moment for their answer, “Now let me tell you what I know.  You have, I believe, three other companions: two girls and one boy.  There are no other ships in the area, so you have been here for some time.  A colony perhaps.  Children would not be alone for too long, so there are others nearby, but they aren’t close or we would have seen signs of them.  Perhaps you and your friends went on a little camping trip, alone, saw our ship, and decided to take a closer look.  Well and good.  Am I close?”
Jackson swallowed but didn’t say anything.  So the captain knew about the others already.  They must have been captured after all.  He wondered what they had told the captain, and whether it would be a good idea to agree that there were others nearby.  At least it was more believable than that they had all arrived from space because of a wish they had made on a stone.
“Not speaking?” said the captain, “Well let me tell you something else I know.  I am very familiar with the name R’binsn.  And I would be very interested to know how it came to pass, that you two lads share your name with the captain of this ship.”


Chapter 7
MORE PIRATES

“But aren’t you the captain?” Ian asked, looking confused.
“Your name is Robinson?” Jackson asked at almost the same moment, catching his meaning quicker.
“Aye, it is, though your accent is strange.  But that is how the spell often is with names.”
“Spell?” Jackson asked.  The captain laughed.
“And haven’t you yet come to wonder, that we being strangers know the same tongue so well?” he asked.
“I did wonder,” Jackson answered.
“I have found,” explained the captain, “a potion of Power, made by one who knows the ways.  Any who drink of this will then understand, and be understood, by all, though they all speak different tongues.  I and each of my crew have drunk of this potion, and so you hear us as though in your own language, though names often sound strange.”  
Jackson suddenly wondered if the meaning of the word ‘Jinx’ had translated or if they only heard it as a sound.  He decided not to ask.
“You mean you have a real magic potion?” Ian asked, eyes wide.  Despite everything that had happened, the idea of a real magical potion seemed odd.  After all, everything they had done so far involved science more than magic.
“I am a collector of things of power, you might say,” said the captain, “But come now, tell me of your name.”
“It’s just a name,” Ian insisted.
“It’s an explorer’s name,” Jackson said suddenly, feeling that he had to give some sort of answer, “But unlucky I think.  There are many Robinsons who have been stranded on islands.”  And I’m one of them, he added to himself.  Emma was right.
“Ha! And maybe it is true, just a coincidence of sound,” said the captain, “Though I think it is true to be an explorer’s name, though not unlucky for me yet!  Here am I, Captain R’binsn, on an island lost from all maps save one.  It takes a true explorer to reach this place!”
He looked over the boys again, as though studying them intently.  Jackson faced him uncomfortably, wondering what the captain planned to do with them.  Suddenly, there was a loud shout and the ship shuddered beneath their feet.  Ian grabbed Jackson’s arm to keep from falling.  There was a knock at the door and then it swung open a crack and a pirate stuck his head in.  He looked excited.
“Have you found it then?” the captain asked, before the other could speak.
“Aye,” he answered, “Passed it even, it was that hard to make out, ‘till D’rerk gave the cry.”
“Fine, fine, so long as you’re sure this time.  T’is true the mark of Ib’rus?”
“Carved clear as day upon a stone, though the stone was all overgrown with creeping vines.”
“Then what are you waiting for?” the captain exclaimed, “Get the men ready!  And bring up the others you found.  We may want them.”  The pirate nodded and left, shutting the door behind him.
“So, t’is true, t’is true in the end,” the captain mumbled, not seeming to see the boys anymore, “After all these years of searching, it is here.”  Then suddenly he remembered Jackson and Ian, still standing there staring at him.  “All right, lads,” he said, “Follow me.  You may just have the chance to see something as has lain hidden near one hundred thousand years.”  Then he opened the door and walked out.  
Not knowing what else to do, they followed him.  The ship was stopped again, a wooden board lain between the ship and the shore where several of the pirates already stood next to a tall block of stone.  The jungle had grown over it but several vines seemed to have been pulled away and they saw deep marks cut into the stone.  The symbol didn’t mean anything to either of the boys but Jackson wished that he had his notebook with him so that he could copy it down.  He suddenly wondered if he would ever see his notebook again, or his backpack, left lying by the side of the river.  
“Jackson!” someone called behind him, sounding surprised and slightly alarmed, and he turned quickly to see Trey being led across the deck.  Behind him came Jane and Emma.  So they were all there, Jackson thought.
“Jackson?” the captain asked, turning and looking at him quizzically.  
“Jinx is short for Jackson,” he said quickly, and felt his face going hot.  He said it loud enough for the others to hear, and hoped desperately that no one would call Ian by his real name.  Then, on impulse, he continued saying, “Jackson and Bratson are our real names, but we hardly ever use them.”  
Ian opened his mouth to say something, but Jackson glared at him, trying to signal him to be quiet.  The captain saw the look, but didn’t challenge Jackson’s explanation.  
Looking back at the others, hoping they had got the hint, he saw that Trey’s face had gone red from his trying not to laugh, and Jane had ducked behind Emma, who seemed to be the only one able to keep a straight face.  They didn’t keep laughing for long however.  The pirates that had brought them onto the deck made them continue forward, prompting them with very real, and very sharp swords.  
“They’re all here, then” said one of the pirates, and Jackson recognized him as the one who had first brought him and Ian.
“Good, good,” the captain answered, but his attention was on the stone.  Suddenly he turned to face them, smiling broadly and showing several gold teeth.
“Right then, lads and lasses,” he said, “Today is your lucky day.  We are going on a little treasure hunt, and you are just the ones to help us.”
“What do we have to do?” Trey asked, his voice full of mistrust, but his eyes glinted at the word treasure.  
“You’ll see, you’ll see.  Just come along with us now, nice and easy, and there may even be a reward in it if you do as you’re told, and don’t try to run off into the trees.”  The captain turned to one of his men and said, “Bring them then.  And hold your swords ready if they run.”  Then he left the children standing there and made his way to the shore.  
“You heard him,” said one of the remaining pirates, and all five of them walked together, over the gangplank and onto land.  At the pirate’s insistence, they all started walking through the jungle.
This time the trip through the jungle was much less fun than the day before.  The pirates had long legs and made them walk much faster than they liked, and soon they were all hot and thirsty.  Jackson wished now that he hadn’t insisted on saving their water and food.  Now they would never get any of it.  As they walked, the pirates slashed the vegetation aside with their swords, clearing a broad path.  Some of the vines oozed with a green slime that reminded them of blood.  
No one told them where they were going, or how far they had to go, and some of the pirates that were leading them held whips in their hands.  Whenever someone started to fall behind they would crack it threateningly and when Emma got her dress caught on a stick and tripped, the pirates behind her jeered and threatened her with the tip of their swords.  Jackson, who was the closest to her, had stopped to help her up.
“Here, get on you!” shouted one of the pirates, an especially greasy, menacing one, and the tip of his whip caught Jackson on his arm.  He stifled a cry of pain, and they continued walking.  Emma’s dress was torn where it had caught and her face had gone very pale, but she seemed all right.
At last, they seemed to reach wherever it was that they were going.  The pirate in front of them slashed down some tall ferns blocking the way, and then they were standing in front of another stone, much like the one at the shore.  Only this stone wasn’t alone, it was placed in front of a large cliff face.  In the cliff was a small opening, like to a cave, and the stone seemed to mark the entrance.  The pirates finally let the children stop and rest, and they all sat down together.
“Are you all right?” Emma whispered to Jackson.  His arm was bleeding where the whip had hit him.
“Just a scratch,” he whispered back.  Then he leaned over, to ask them how they had been captured, when a loud scream erupted from the cave.  It sounded almost inhuman; a wail of sudden terror and pain, and everyone went silent, listening.  A moment later, a pirate came running out of the cave.  
“Hey,” said one of his companions, “Where’s Travis?” But the other pirate didn’t answer, or even stop running.  Everyone waited in silence.  Finally, the captain arrived, following the path made by the other pirates.
“All right,” he said, “Who, against my express orders, entered into the tomb?”  No one answered for a moment.  
“We tried to stop ‘em,” one of the pirates said at last, “Said no good would come of it.  They wouldn’t listen they wouldn’t, no, heads full of treasure, was Travis and Bilik.”  The captain glared at his men a moment longer, and no one seemed able to meet his eye.  Then he laughed, and smiled, and his men began to relax.
“Well, they got what they deserved at that, then, didn’t they?” he said, “As far as I could get from Bilik’s words, Travis is dead.”  No one seemed very sad from this sudden news, though they continued to be edgy.
“Well and good,” said the pirate who had spoken the first time, “But if he is dead what’s to stop the same thing from happening to any who enter there?”  Around him heads nodded in agreement.  What was the use of great treasures if you died before you could spend them?
“Travis was a fool,” the captain answered, “I could have told you there’d be traps laid.  Any fool would know better than to go charging into the tomb.  What we need, see, is someone to go on ahead of us.  Someone who might know the area like, know what sort of traps might be set.  A sort of guide.”  And his head turned to look at the children.
“Aye,” a pirate agreed, “Why not send the kiddies in?  No worse off if one of them dies.”  The captain approached them, smiling broadly.
“All right lads, lasses, all, here is your big chance.  There is treasure to be made in there, great riches.  All we are asking is for you to go in yonder cave, and take a look around for us.”
“Are you mad?” Trey exclaimed suddenly, his eyes wide with fright, “There’s no way we’re going in there!”
“We don’t know anything about this area,” Jackson added.
“Oh you don’t do you?” the captain answered.  Suddenly, he had his sword drawn, the tip pointed towards Trey’s throat.
“You’ll be doing what you’re told, lad,” he whispered, “Now stand up like a good little boy.”  Trey stood, and stared up at the captain defiantly.  No one knew what to do.  Ian hid his head in his arms.  The captain considered them. 
“All right,” he said, “Stand up now, all of you.”  They stood up.  
“Go on then,” he continued, and with his sword he pointed towards the cave.  For a moment none of them could move.  The pirates jeered at them, and the captain became impatient.
“Are you going to go now, or must I kill one of you here?” he asked, and his sword was pointed towards Trey again.  Trey backed away quickly, nearly tripping over Jane who stood behind him, and slowly they all walked towards the dark opening.  Ian made a soft whimpering noise, and Jackson reached out to take his hand.
“I don’t want pirates,” Ian whispered softly, “I don’t, I don’t, I don’t.”  
“Onwards then,” the captain insisted.  Still no one felt ready to walk blindly into the cave, especially not a cave that someone had just died in.  It was utterly dark in there, and even on the threshold they could feel a difference in the air.  It was cold and felt ancient, and they shivered.  The captain was getting impatient.
“What about light?” Jane asked suddenly, feeling very daring, but at the captain’s nod a couple of pirates came forward carrying lamps.  Jane took one and Trey the other.  Then, with pirates crowding around behind them, holding swords and whips, they started into the darkness.
Jane went first, holding her lamp high, and Trey followed a step behind.  Then went Jackson, with Ian still clinging to him, and finally Emma, who at finding herself closest to the pirates and the swords hurried ahead to keep close to the others.  The captain followed them in, holding a lamp of his own, and his men followed.  In the pale, flickering light, they found themselves in a narrow passageway of stone.  The roof was low, so that the pirates had to duck their heads, and everyone went slowly.  
The passage led downwards, and if the air had felt cool at its entrance, it felt very cold once they were inside.  It was very still, without a breath of air, and their footfalls sounded very loud in the silence.  None of the children dared to say anything with the pirates crowded behind them, and even the pirates seemed to be intimidated by the dark tunnel.  Only the captain seemed completely unafraid.
“We are now entering the tomb of Ib’rus, though not his personal tomb mind you, t’is just the name legend gives it.  What creature lays imprisoned here is lost to all knowledge now.  Keep your eyes wide, boy, for there are fell traps he left behind.”  He said this to Jackson, for somehow he had become the last in the line.  Emma had managed to get beside him, and then in front of him, and Ian, not liking to be last, had squeezed in front of him as well.  
“Careful,” Trey’s voice echoed in the narrow passage, and they soon saw what he was talking about.  There was a short gap in the passageway.  Trey was already on the other side, having jumped over it, though Jane seemed hesitant to follow.  At last she stepped over the gap, Trey grabbing her hand to help her, and Emma followed quickly.  Ian had more trouble because, short though the missing floor was, it was too long for him to step over it.  With Jackson helping him on one side, though, and Trey on the other, he managed.  
Then it was Jackson’s turn to cross, but he paused a moment, looking down into the chasm that had opened at his feet.  He couldn’t see a ground, even when he got Trey to loan him his lantern and lowered the light into the darkness.  It wasn’t the cleverest of traps, he decided, but effective for the unwary, or perhaps a warning of things to come.  
“Looks like this one has already been sprung,” the captain said from behind him, though he didn’t explain his words.  Finally, Jackson leapt lightly over the chasm.  The others had already continued on, except for Ian who was waiting on his brother, and had disappeared around a corner.  Jackson ran to catch up.  Maybe they could slip away from the pirates, he suddenly thought, if there was a branch in the passage or something.  Or maybe they would just be lost in the passages forever, until the lantern burned out, and they fell into another chasm.  He shuddered.
“Hold up,” a voice called behind him, “Hold up my lads,” and the captain caught up to them.  Perhaps he had gotten the same idea that they might try to lose him, for he didn’t seem inclined to let them out of his sight.  
“You, at least, shall stay back with me,” he said, and his sword glinted in the torchlight, “And maybe the others will be more inclined to stay put as well.”  They rounded the corner, but the others still weren’t in sight.  The passage curved again a little ways ahead, and Ian, who didn’t have a lantern, had run ahead and then stopped at the curve to wait for them.  
They rounded the corner together, to find that the passage split in two.  Both boys hesitated here.  They didn’t know which way the others had gone.  If they had been far enough ahead, this would have been a good place to try to throw the pirates off, but with the captain at his back Jackson knew this wasn’t possible yet.  Maybe the others had decided to try anyway.  The captain hissed from behind him, and he knew that he was not happy that the others had disappeared.  
“Which way, Captain?” Jackson asked, trying not to smile at the captain’s annoyance.  The captain still had his sword in his hand, and one of his men stood behind him, holding up a whip.  It was the same one who had hit Jackson the first time, and he looked quite ready to do it again if the captain permitted.  Then, from down the left hand path, they heard screaming.
“That way, I should think,” the captain answered.  They continued walking.


Chapter 8
TREASURE

Jackson hurried down the passage with Ian and the pirates just behind him.  He held the lamp carefully, on the lookout for more holes or traps, but he saw nothing until he rounded a corner and found himself suddenly facing a large, open cavern.  
The floor here was more jagged and sloped steeply, and great rock formations towered up to the ceiling.  Great stalagmites and stalactites surrounded the entrance, like the teeth of some hungry beast, and several smaller formations seemed to have already been broken by tramping feet.  Somewhere in the distance, he thought he heard water. The lamplight was small and feeble here, and he couldn’t see all the way to the other side of the cavern or far beyond the first of the rock formations, but he was able to see enough.  All around them the walls and floor glittered in the lamplight.  
“It’s the treasure,” Ian said at his side, “We found the treasure!”  His voice echoed louder than he intended, and there were loud growls and curses behind them as the pirates at the back tried to push forward to see.  Everywhere they looked, the ground was covered in gold and jewels.  Coins were scattered across the ground, necklaces hung from stones, jewels glittered from tiny ledges.  
“Careful!” the captain said, just as Ian was reaching for a coin, “Ware of traps! Don’t touch anything here.  We go on, in search of greater things!”  
Everyone had moved into the cavern by then, and Ian jerked his hand away at the thought of traps, though none of the other pirates looked like they were listening. 
“Right lad,” the captain said to Jackson, “Just keep walking, slowly now.”  Jackson had already continued, with half a thought of trying to lose the pirates, but Ian was still too far back, next to the captain, and he couldn’t leave him.  There was still no trace of the other three.  Jackson continued forward, holding the lamp up high, while trying not to trip on the uneven floor.  
There was no clear path through the cavern, except that where the ground was the most level there seemed to be almost no jewels or gold strewn across it.  Now that Jackson was not distracted by the treasure, he noticed the bones lying among the gold and that many rocks on the ground seemed to have fallen from the ceiling.  
Suddenly he saw a sight that made him cry out in surprise and terror.  There was a man staring vacantly towards him, his eyes wide and lifeless.  He appeared to have been trying to reach a particularly large ruby, before his body had been impaled with spikes.  
Jackson felt a hand on his shoulder, and jumped.  It was the captain.  Ian stood beside him, his eyes wide as he stared at the body.  
“That would be Travis then,” said the captain, “great fool that he was.  Don’t touch the treasure if you care to live.”  
Suddenly there was a loud twanging sound behind them and a pirate screamed.  Several others let out loud yells.  It sounded as though half the ceiling was caving in, and suddenly Jackson felt himself thrown down, just as something went whistling over his head. And then he felt the ground shaking beneath him.  When finally everything had settled down, he sat up, feeling shaken.  It was pitch black in the cavern around him.  He had dropped the lamp when he was pushed down, and it had gone out.
“Ware of traps I said!” an angry voice exclaimed, “Don’t touch the treasure I said!  If I must be surrounded by bloody idiots then at least wait till I’m out of the way to grab at the first glittery thing you lay eyes on!”  The captain’s voice was practically in Jackson’s ear, and for the first time it occurred to him to wonder who had pushed him down in the first place.  He heard a faint whimper, and suddenly remembered that Ian had been beside him too.  
“Ian?” he whispered, suddenly afraid.
“Jackson?” someone answered in the darkness, and then someone seemed to have finally gotten a light lit again, because he found he could see.  The captain had moved away a bit, still shouting at his men, and Jackson wondered how he had dared to move in the darkness, especially since now he had a chance to look about.  
A great hole seemed to have opened up nearby, and just in front of them lay the remains of what looked like darts, after they had rebounded off some rocks.  That must have been what had almost hit them before they ducked.  Looking back, several stalactites had fallen from the ceiling, one of them impaling one of the pirates.  The lamp was also lying nearby, and when Ian picked it up to examine it, it looked like it hadn’t been broken though it was slightly dented.  Jackson kept looking at the darts, and felt that he was shaking.  He wondered if they were poisoned, and had a sudden urge to pick one up and look at it closer.  Then the captain was back, holding a lamp.
“You two all right then?” he asked, “Don’t see your friends down here, so they probably made it through.  Well don’t just stand there, let’s get on through this deathtrap; there are more glorious treasures to uncover.”  Jackson shuddered.  
The captain took the lamp from Ian and relit it.  Hesitantly, the two boys started forward again, much more slowly and cautiously this time.  The captain followed closely, and his men behind him, though they were lessened in number.  How many had been caught by traps, and how many had simply run away Jackson didn’t know, or want to know.  He wished that he was a thousand miles away, a thousand light-years away, back on his own planet.  If there had been a wishing stone before him right then, he wouldn’t have needed to hesitate or think carefully about his wish first.  He would wish them all home in a second.  
Finally, after climbing between two green and black glittering rocks, they found the end of the cavern.  Here, there were three different passages.  The first two seemed to lead downwards but the third was level, though the ground was still uneven and slanted sideways.  Here they paused.
“Make way a moment,” the captain said, pushing into the front.  The other pirates crowded around the boys, and Jackson found himself next to the pirate with the whip.  The captain studied the ground closely.
“It seems at least some of your friends did make it through,” said the captain, “They seem to have taken the right hand path.”  He stood up straight again, facing his men and continued saying, “However, I’m not so sure they chose wisely.  The lore of Ib’rus, unfortunately, comes with no map but only vague myths and riddles.  I say we split our ways here.  Gothrin, you take one path, D’rerk, you lead the middle way, and I myself will follow our errant guides.  If any see a sign of what we seek, mark the way and meet back here.  Onwards men!”  
Two pirates had stepped forward at his command, one of them the pirate at Jackson’s side, his fingers still curled around the handle to his whip, and they each started down one of the paths with a handful of pirates following after them.  Soon there were only four pirates left to follow the captain, along with Jackson and Ian.
“Forward then, boys,” the captain said, and they went on again.  Jackson was still leading the way, with Ian just behind him, clinging to his arm.  The passage was easier to walk down than the cavern, despite the way the floor slanted, but he still had to look out for traps.  
“Caution,” a voice hissed in his ear suddenly and he paused.  He still saw nothing different ahead of them, until the captain motioned for him to look up.  Above them, great spikes were hanging from the ceiling, ready to drop.  
“What do we do?” he whispered back at the captain.
“Walk forward,” Captain R’binsn answered, “Very slowly and carefully, and wary of anything as might trip it off.  Don’t step on the ground just before you, try to step over it.”  Jackson stood very still a moment; not wanting to go forward at all, but with the pirates behind him there was no way to go back.  Finally, taking a deep breath, he took as big a step as he could forward.  Ian tried to do the same behind him, but didn’t have the reach, and he had to take Jackson’s hand to make it without falling.  
They continued slowly, and at one point as Jackson put his foot down, he felt the ground give slightly.  He pulled his foot back quickly, without having put much of his weight on it, and though his heart was pounding quickly and he thought he heard something shift, nothing else seemed to happen.
“Watch that step,” he whispered behind him, and after that he never put his foot all the way down without checking the ground first.  They passed under the spikes, and made it past two trick pits, before any of the traps were set off.  It was directly after the second pit when Ian stepped forward onto a stone that gave beneath his foot.  Something swooped down at him, and he gave out a cry, closing his eyes.  
“Am I dead?” he asked, not daring to open his eyes, and a hand touched his shoulder.
“Not quite yet,” the captain’s voice answered, “youth has its advantages.”  At last he opened his eyes, and when he looked up he saw the blade embedded in the stone above his head.
“Seems these traps weren’t designed with midgets in mind,” one of the pirates behind them sneered, but the others were too on edge to comment.  The blade had narrowly missed slicing Jackson as well, who was standing just a step away from Ian, and he hadn’t quite found his voice yet.  How Emma, Trey, and Jane had gotten through all of these traps he couldn’t begin to imagine, but the captain continued to insist that he saw their footprints leading onwards.  
They walked on, the pirates having to duck the blade, and Ian made sure to step only where he saw Jackson step after that.  Suddenly, the path in front of them dropped down steeply.  There were roughly hewn steps carved into the rock, but Jackson wasn’t sure he trusted them.  
“How do we know if it is safe?” he asked, when the captain began to get impatient behind him.
“Well for starters, we could throw you down and see what happens,” the captain suggested.  But he went ahead of Jackson to take a look anyway, holding the lamp down over the dark drop.
“Unless your friends can fly,” he remarked, “They’ve already gone this way.  It’s probably safe.  Down you go lad.”  Jackson slowly put his foot down on the first step, ready to pull it back quickly if the step gave any sign of giving, but it held firm.  All the stones looked firm from where he stood, though experience told him not to trust to that.  Ian followed after him, and after a short pause, as though waiting to see if anything happened to the boys, the pirates followed.  He made it about halfway down the steps before he saw anything strange at all.  
Something was resting on the edge of one of the steps.  Jackson paused, holding the lamp down low over it, before he realized what it was.  It was an empty blue shell to a cocoa nut.  Perhaps it was a sign that the others had left behind for him he thought excitedly.  Or perhaps it was a warning.  Jackson considered it a moment, and then carefully stepped over that step, down to the next one.  Perhaps it had only dropped there on accident, but Jackson was taking no chances.  
Ian came down right behind him, and before Jackson could say anything in warning, Ian had already skipped the step.  He had been watching Jackson carefully as they climbed down, as he had in the tunnel above them, and was following his moves.  They had nearly reached the bottom, which was covered in long sharp spikes though they were easy to avoid once on the ground, when the captain reached the step.  
He put his full weight onto it without pause, and immediately there was a sharp cracking noise.  Jackson didn’t wait to see what happened.  He had reached the bottom of the steps by then, with Ian right behind him.  Grabbing Ian’s hand, he raced forward, around the standing spikes, and down the tunnel.  There was a shout behind them, and a loud curse, but he didn’t stop.  He ran with his head ducked low, until they came to the dead end.  It looked like there had been a cave in, and he wondered if it had been another trap set off, and what would happen if the pirates caught up to them.
“Maybe we missed a turn off back there,” he whispered, turning towards Ian, only to find Ian had vanished.  He also heard the sound of voices, back up the passage, and so he guessed the pirates hadn’t been killed.  He felt faintly relieved about that, though at the same time terrified at what they would do when they caught him.  He was still trying to figure out what to do, and where Ian had gotten to, when a hand reached through one of the rocks, grabbed his arm, and jerked him sideways just before the pirates rounded the corner.
Feeling very winded and bewildered, Jackson found he was somehow on the other side of a solid stone wall, with Emma still holding onto his arm while Trey and Jane stood next to Ian.  He turned and saw Captain R’binsn standing no more than a foot away, holding up a dented lamp to inspection.  Belatedly, Jackson realized he had dropped it again when Emma had grabbed him, though it hardly mattered as the room they were in was very well lit.
“It’s all right,” Jane said, “We can talk here, they can’t hear us.  We kept shouting at you to come in here, and neither of you heard a thing.”
“What happened?” Jackson asked, still staring at the pirates, “Why can’t they see us?”
“We don’t know,” Jane answered, “We haven’t quite figured it out yet, but Emma thinks it is some sort of magic cloaking device, so all they see is stone.”
“Come on,” Trey said suddenly, “They can’t see us or hear us, but if they touch that wall there they’ll get through too.”  The pirates were talking now, though they couldn’t hear what they were saying.  There were only two men with the captain now, and they seemed to want to go back.  The captain was frowning.
“Come on,” Trey said again, “And just wait until you see this place!”
“Where are we?” Ian asked, not moving, “Is this the tomb place the pirates kept talking about?  Is it safe?”  He wanted to be completely sure there were no more traps set out before he moved anywhere.
“I think this is the place the captain was looking for,” Emma said, “Though it doesn’t look much like a tomb to me.  We only found it by accident, when Trey tripped.”
“I didn’t trip,” Trey insisted, “I just thought there was something odd about the wall and went to check it out.”
“Head first?” Jane asked.
“Just come on already, and check it out.  We haven’t touched anything yet, but the floor doesn’t seem to be booby trapped.”  At last, Ian and Jackson followed the other three further into the room.  It was a true room, not at all like the caves they had been going through, with a level stone floor and straight walls.  Jackson looked up and saw that the roof was domed.  There also seemed to be a large hole in the top, through which the light came.
“Seems it would be easier to bypass all the traps and just come in through the roof, don’t you think?” he asked.
“I suppose you’d have to find it first,” Emma answered him, shrugging, as Trey led them further into the chamber.  The room was mostly bare, with no gold or jewels, or any sign of treasure they had seen elsewhere.  But in the center of the room was a large stone.  It was a very ordinary looking, white stone, except that Jackson knew he had seen it before.  The other place had been in the middle of a woods, not within the tomb of Ib’rus or whatever the captain had called it, but there was no mistaking it.  It was the wishing stone.


Chapter 9
SUPER POWERS

“What?  But how…” Jackson began to ask, staring at the stone, but he wasn’t sure what he wanted to say.  Was it truly the same stone, or was it just a coincidence?
“We hardly know any more than you do,” Jane said, “We weren’t really that far ahead.”
“We didn’t want to lose you, but we didn’t want to get caught again either,” Emma went on, “So we tried to think of a way to leave a trail for you, if you did escape, and so we could find our way back out again.”
“And of course, all the booby traps slowed us down,” Jane added, “We almost got caught in that cavern with all the treasure, except Trey had hurried a bit ahead to look for good hiding places and such, and he saw, well, he saw the dead pirate.”  
“So it was you that screamed?” Jackson asked, shuddering slightly as he remembered when he first saw the pirate himself.
“I was shouting a warning,” Trey insisted, “Emma was about to go after a necklace.  And it was a good thing, because it told you which way to go, right?  After that Emma dropped the chocolate nutshells she had left, so we wouldn’t lose you.  What took you so long to get away from the pirates, anyway?  Why didn’t you run ahead when we did?”
“The Captain stopped us,” Jackson answered, feeling annoyed.  
“We heard all the traps being set off too,” Emma said, “And we were terrified that you had been killed or something, but Trey didn’t want, I mean, we decided we shouldn’t go back.”  Trey turned his back on them, facing the stone.
“I was right, wasn’t I?” he said, “If we had gone back, we’d just have been trapped again.  And here they escaped, and we are all here in the tomb together.”  
“Mostly because of that shell on the stairs,” Jackson said, “Did you really leave a trail?  We never saw anything but that last one.”
“Not a real trail,” Jane answered, “because we didn’t want the pirates to notice.  We just put one by the passage we took when it branched.  And that last one on the stairs when Trey almost set off the trap but realized it in time.”
“So is my wish over now?” Ian asked suddenly, “Are the pirates over?  Are we done with the wish so we can go home now?”  
“Well, my part never came true yet,” Trey pointed out, “None of us have super powers yet.”
“Maybe just staying alive after getting through to here could count as a super power,” Emma suggested, “I for one am definitely not going to be very impressed by those adventure movies anymore, where they get by all those booby traps.  I can just say, been there, done that, and I did it in a dress.”  
“Wait until we tell everyone at home about all this,” Jane agreed eagerly, “All about flying in a space ship.”
“And my pirates!” Ian exclaimed, “And that trap I stepped on that almost killed me! And my monkey, Almost!”  Suddenly he frowned, “Hey, can we take Almost home with us, Jinx?”
“I’m not sure Mom would go for an alien monkey,” Jackson began, when Trey laughed.
“So you are going by Jinx now then?” he asked.  
“Shut up,” Jackson answered.  He had gotten used to being called Jinx among the pirates. “And let’s just see if we can figure out this stone and maybe go home.”
“There is some sort of writing on it, but we couldn’t read it,” Jane said, as they approached the stone.  There were markings on it, and Jackson supposed it must be writing.  Perhaps it was this planet’s version of the rules on making a wish.
“Well, why don’t we try making a wish?” he asked, “And see if it works.”  Without saying anything more, everyone stood in a circle around the stone, holding hands.  
It felt very different from the day before in the woods.  It felt like a lifetime had happened in between.  The first time, it had been a game.  Now it was all too real, and they could only hope that this second wish would come true.  If it didn’t, perhaps they would be trapped upon this planet forever, or until they were caught by the pirates or some wild beast of the jungle.  
“I, Jinx,” Jackson began solemnly, then winced inwardly and continued quickly, “I mean, I Jax Robinson and my four companions here…”
“Don’t forget Almost!” Ian interrupted before Jane stepped on his foot.
“We wish,” Jackson continued, determined to let nothing ruin the wish this time, “That we may all return to our home, the planet Earth, where we were the first time we made the wish, and that we return within the next five minutes, to the same time we left, and…” Ian kept nudging him with his foot frantically and squeezing his hand, “And that the alien monkey thing named Almost can come with us, that is my wish.” 
 Everyone stood very still.  Jackson and Emma had their eyes closed tight, while Trey and Jane looked up at the hole in the ceiling as though hoping to see the space ship come swooping down upon them.  No one dared to look at the stone.  It was several minutes before anyone moved at all. 
“It didn’t work,” Ian said at last, his voice almost a whisper, “We aren’t going home, are we?”  Then he sat down and started to cry.  Jackson opened his eyes and looked at the stone.  It was exactly as it was before, complete with the alien writing.  The last time, when he had made the wish, the writing had disappeared.
“Maybe we have to speak the same language as on the stone,” Emma suggested.
“Or maybe, it isn’t a wishing stone at all,” Trey said, “And Ian’s right.  We are never going home.”
“Well we can’t just give up,” Jane insisted, “Maybe, oh, I don’t know, maybe it’s because Trey never got his wish, and you can only have one wish at a time.  So we just have to wait until after we have super powers.”  
“Or maybe it is just a stupid stone, in a stupid tomb, on a stupid island, on a stupid world, light-years from home!” Trey exploded, and kicked the stone.
“I hate it!” Ian yelled suddenly, striking his hand against the stone “I hate this stone, and make it take us home!” And he leapt up and jumped on top of the stone, stamping his foot hard against it.  For the first time, they got a reaction from the stone.  With Ian’s weight on top of it, it sank downwards, so that Ian jumped back off it in alarm.
“Ack, help, I didn’t do it, I didn’t do it!” he shouted, running behind Jackson, before looking back at the stone and asking, “What did I do?”  The ground beneath them began to hum.
“A trap, it’s another trap!” Trey exclaimed, and everyone looked around wildly, trying to figure out a way to escape.  
“The stone, look at the stone!” Emma suddenly cried, and they looked to see that it was glowing green, and then all at once it was white again, and then everything was silent and still.  Slowly, cautiously, everyone approached the stone.
“Hey, the top is gone,” Jane said, as she reached it first.  Ian was still behind Jackson but as soon as she said that, he rushed forward to see.
“There is something in it,” Jane added, and then the others had reached it to see for themselves.  There were five objects lying within it, forming a circle.  
“Are they necklaces or something?” Trey asked, sounding somewhat disappointed.  They did look somewhat like necklaces for each object was attached to a long loop of what appeared to be some sort of beaded string. But the objects themselves were all round disks surrounding different colored jewels.  
“Well, if they are just necklaces, they sure are heavily guarded,” Jane pointed out.
“They could be some sort of magical talismans,” Emma suggested.
“Hey, cool,” Trey said, and he grabbed the one nearest to him, which had a large, deep blue gem in the middle.
“Wait, don’t” Jackson cried as Trey picked it up.
“It could be another trap,” Jane said at the same time, but nothing seemed to happen at all.
“I want one too,” Ian said, and grabbed the one with a green jewel.
“We really should be more careful,” Emma insisted, but Jane had already taken up the purple talisman.  Normally Jackson would have agreed that they should be cautious, but he saw the two remaining colors and, making a quick decision, he grabbed the talisman with a black jewel at its center.  
Emma, seeing that nothing seemed to be happening to the others, looked dubiously at the final talisman.  At its center was a bright pink jewel.
“Um,” she said, “I don’t suppose…”
“Just take it,” Jane said, “And wait!”  This second part was towards Trey and Ian, who were about to put theirs around their necks.
“We don’t know what they do,” Jackson added to them, “They could be dangerous.”  Emma picked up the pink talisman, and then they all looked at each other.
“Should we wear them?  I mean, that message could have been a warning on the stone.  This is a tomb after all,” Jane pointed out.
“Come on, use your brains,” Trey said, “I mean, think about our wish.”
“But the wish didn’t work,” Ian pointed out, “It wasn’t really a wishing stone.”
“Not that one,” Trey answered, “The first one.  And whose wish hasn’t come true yet?”
“Well, we never went through time, really, unless you count going forward at the normal rate,” Emma mumbled, but Jane was already exclaiming, “Super powers!  You think these give us super powers?”
“And that would use up all our wishes,” Jackson said slowly, “And maybe we could find a way home.”
“All right then,” Trey said, and he put the talisman around his neck.  Everyone waited a moment, not quite sure what they were waiting for.
“Well?” Jane asked at last, “What does it feel like?”
“Like I’m wearing a necklace,” Trey answered, frowning, “I don’t feel any different.  Well.  Why don’t you put yours on and see what happens.”  Ian and Jane put theirs on immediately, but Emma and Jackson still hesitated.
“I don’t feel any different at all,” Jane said, “How do we activate our super powers, if we don’t know what they are?”  Ian tried to see if he could fly, but only managed to run straight into Trey.  
“Go on already, and try yours,” Jane insisted.  Jackson and Emma looked at each other, then shrugging, they both put theirs on.  
“I feel the same,” Emma said, sounding disappointed.  Jackson didn’t feel any different either, until he held up his talisman to get a closer look, with it still around his neck.  The disk itself looked like silver, and it fit around the black jewel in a perfect circle, but that wasn’t what he noticed.  The moment he touched it, something happened inside his mind.  Without knowing how, he knew exactly what the talisman was and what it did.  It seemed it was some sort of magic, or at least that was how his mind understood it, and his was made so that the wearer could do exactly what he was doing now: knowing about things just by touching them.
He knew now that it wasn’t really silver that the disk was made of, but something similar that was natural to the planet they were on.  Now that he knew how to pay attention, he found he even knew everything about all the clothes he was wearing, and even the air that surrounded him.  It wasn’t that he now knew the names of the air molecules, or how his shoes were made, or anything like that.  It was subtler than that, and not something that went into words.  It was simply that he was aware, on some level, of what everything was, though of course he already knew what his clothes were anyway.
“Hey, guys,” he said softly, “Trey was right.  They do give super powers.”  Trey stopped chasing Ian around the room and everyone turned to look at Jackson.
“How do you know that?” Jane asked.
“Because that’s my power, to know,” he answered, “I can’t explain it exactly.  I just touched the jewel and I knew that was what it was.”
“So what do ours do?” Emma asked.  She had been trying to fly, and other assorted powers, without being obvious about it, and nothing seemed to work.
“I think I have to touch it,” Jackson answered.  
“All right, touch it and then tell me,” she answered, coming closer so that he would be able to touch it without her having to take it from around her neck.  Jackson took it into his hands and paused, trying to understand.  It was similar to his own; except he could feel that the power was different.
“Strength,” he answered after a moment, “It gives you super strength.”  Eyeing him dubiously, Emma looked for something to try out her power on.  
“Here, see if you can pick me up,” Trey suggested, and so Emma tried to lift him.  To the surprise of both, Trey found himself thrown up into the air.
“I’m sorry!” Emma exclaimed, “I expected you to weigh more!”  But Trey didn’t answer, as he seemed to have forgotten to fall back to the earth.
“Hey!” he exclaimed, “Hey, I can fly!”  He tried making a swimming motion to move through the air, but it didn’t work.  He moved slightly but hardly enough to get him anywhere.
“Hey, wait, how do I control it?” he asked, “How do I get down again?”
“Never mind, that, tell me my power Jinx!” Ian exclaimed.
“I want to know mine too,” Jane said, and since she was closer, Jackson took her talisman first.  After only a second, he dropped it, and backed up quickly.
“Don’t look this way!” he exclaimed, “Don’t look at anyone!”
“Why, what is it?” she asked.  She looked towards the floor, feeling somewhat silly as she did.
“Laser eyes,” Jackson answered her, “You can shoot lasers out of your eyes.”
“What?  But how?” Jane asked.
“I can’t say how,” Jackson answered, “I mean, I can tell that is what the talisman does, but I don’t know how it does it.  You better not look at anyone until you figure it out.”  
“Terrific,” mumbled Jane, still looking at the ground.  She walked slowly over to a wall to try and practice on, where she wouldn’t accidentally kill someone.  Emma seemed absorbed in another corner, trying out her new strength.  Trey still hadn’t figured out how to come back down, or even how to move through the air, though he had somehow managed to turn himself upside down.
“I think it has to do with thinking things,” Jackson said, trying to offer advice, “I mean, the same way you move your arm or leg.  You just have to figure out how to concentrate.”
“You start flying, if you’re so smart,” Trey answered, speaking with his back to Jackson.  He had finally managed to get right side up, and he didn’t want to risk turning to face him.
“Come on Jackson, do mine,” Ian insisted, tugging at his sleeve, “Does it make me super fast, or able to leap buildings in a single bound, or bullet proof or what?”  Jackson took up Ian’s green talisman.
“Something to do with talking to others,” he answered, frowning, “Maybe it means you can speak other languages or something.”
“Oh.  Um.  Ok,” Ian answered, looking at his talisman and frowning, and then he walked away.  He was mumbling something, but Jackson couldn’t hear what it was.  It sounded like he was trying to speak a different language.  
Jackson stood by himself then, looking at the others.  No one was facing him.  Jane was still trying to make lasers come from her eyes, with no success, and Emma was doing pushups with one finger touching the ground.  Trey finally managed to move forward, in a sudden spurt of speed, at which point he was so surprised he couldn’t remember how he had done it and stopped again.  Jackson decided he should try to practice his new super power, and looked for something to try it on.  He turned around, saw the gun pointed towards him, and froze.
Captain R’binsn held the gun towards Jackson’s head, and with his free hand motioned for silence.  The gun was very odd looking; large and awkward and made out of some sort of green metal, but Jackson didn’t need to touch it to recognize what it was or how lethal it could be if the captain decided to shoot.  The pirate’s eyes looked grim, though he smiled still.  
“Not an elegant weapon, I’ll agree,” the pirate said softly, too softly for the others to hear him, “but it will do its purpose.  Now.  That pretty trinket, if you’ll please.”  Jackson tried to swallow, wondering what he should do.  He felt paralyzed.
“As you will,” the captain said when Jackson didn’t move, and with his free hand, he tried to take the talisman himself.  The moment the captain touched it, Jackson had a strange feeling run through him, like a jolt of static electricity, and the captain jerked his hand back.  His eyes narrowed.  
“Jinx!” Ian shouted behind him, and suddenly the captain grabbed his arm roughly, making him turn to face the others, the gun pressed against his head.  Everyone except for Trey had turned at Ian’s cry to see them.  Jane had taken off her talisman, still not knowing how to control it and not wanting to fry anyone, so she could look.  Trey still hadn’t managed to control his flight or return to the earth.
“What is it?” Trey cried towards Ian, who was looking past him at Jackson with wide, frightened eyes, “What is going on?”
“So it would seem,” the captain said in a loud voice that all could hear, “that everyone has made it to the tomb.  Glad to see it.  Not too much trouble getting through all those traps I hope?”  Dead silence answered him.
“Now that we are here, however, I must stress the importance of not taking that as doesn’t belong to you.  My treasure, if you please.”  Still no one moved.
“My treasure, or his life,” the captain continued, his voice hard.  Slowly, Ian and Emma took their talismans off.  Jane held hers in her hand, and she wished very hard she had figured out her power.  Laser eyes would have been very helpful just then.
“And you, fly boy?” the captain asked, “Care to return to the earth?”
“I can’t!” Trey exclaimed, “I don’t know how!”
“That, I think, should be obvious,” the captain answered, “Just take off the necklace.”  
“Are you crazy!  I’ll fall!” Trey exclaimed.  
“I’m sure that would hurt much less than a bullet from my gun,” the captain pointed out.  Finally, his hands trembling slightly, Trey pulled the beaded cord from around his neck.  Immediately, he fell from the air with a loud crash.  
“Ow,” he groaned, but when he sat up, he didn’t look like he was too badly hurt.  
“That’s better,” the captain said, “Now, I want all of you to bring these lovely trinkets over here, and place them in a pile.”
“And then what?” Emma asked.  She was very pale, but she looked determined to speak, “Will you kill us then anyway?”
“Now that is an interesting question.  Would you believe any answer I gave?” the captain asked, “Should you not do what I say, and I kill your friend here, now, or should you trust me, and do as I asked?” 
“Don’t shoot Jax,” Ian cried, “We don’t want super powers, we don’t!”
“Jax, now is it?” the captain asked, “What a lot of names you boys have.  Not to worry lad.  You do as I ask, and I won’t harm any of you.  The necklaces, if you please.”  Jackson’s arm hurt from the pirates grip, and he found it very hard to think with a gun pressed against his head.  He knew he ought to do something besides just stand there, but he couldn’t think of a thing that wouldn’t end in him getting killed.  No one seemed to know what to do, except to do what the pirate told them.  Silently, they placed their talismans in a pile on the floor before the pirate.  
“And you now lad,” the captain said, and suddenly shoved Jackson away from him, so that he fell to the floor.  
“Yours with the others, and then go stand with your friends,” the pirate said, now holding the gun in the general direction of all of them.  Getting numbly to his feet, Jackson pulled the talisman from around his neck.  He didn’t feel anything when he did this, and wondered why the captain hadn’t been able to take it from him.  He placed it with the others and went to stand next Trey and Emma.  Ian moved over immediately to grab his hand.
“Good, good,” the captain said, “and now…”  He held the gun steady towards them, and no one dared to move.  Perhaps he was going to kill them all there anyway; perhaps he always meant to kill them.  Jackson stared back defiantly.  If only they had figured out the medallions faster, he thought, or at least figured out a way to block the door so the captain couldn’t have gotten in.  Now it was too late.  The captain would kill them, and there was nothing they could do to stop him.  Then, out of the corner of his eye, Jackson saw something move.


Chapter 10
ALMOST FINISHED

Something blue leapt at the Captain, and bit his hand.  Something that resembled a monkey except for its large ears and blue fur.
“Almost!” Ian exclaimed, as the captain shouted, trying to throw the monkey off his hand.  The gun went off, deafeningly loud, but the pirate’s hand had moved, and the shot missed them by several feet.
“Quick, now!” Trey shouted, and he ran forward to grab his talisman.  There was no time for anyone to think, or make any plans.  Everyone grabbed their talisman, while the captain still fought with Almost.  The monkey had his teeth firmly set into the captain’s hand, and then suddenly he let go and leapt away.  In his hands, Almost was holding the gun.
“Dratted pest!” the captain shouted, and he drew his sword.
“Almost, no, don’t do that!” Ian shouted.  The monkey didn’t seem to know what to do with the gun; he had turned it around to look into the end of it.  At Ian’s words, Almost looked up again, making an inquisitive noise.
“That thing is dangerous!” Ian answered him.  The monkey had turned the gun then, so it was facing outwards, towards them.  Everyone froze, the pirate and the children together.
“No, Almost, bring it to me now,” Ian cried, “Just bring it to me!”  To everyone’s surprise, after a moment’s hesitation, Almost ran across the room and leapt onto Ian’s shoulder, dropping the gun into his hands.  Ian looked just as startled, and nearly dropped it.  
“What do I do, what do I do?” he cried.  The captain started towards him, holding his sword high, but Jane was closer.  She grabbed the gun from Ian’s trembling hands and turned it on the captain.
“So what now?” the captain asked, “Are you going to shoot me?”  
“If I have to,” Jane answered, but her hand was trembling.  
Jackson looked around quickly, trying to think up a plan.  They could go back, through all the booby traps again, and hope not to run into any of the other pirates.  He wondered where the other pirates were that had been with the captain, and decided it wasn’t a good idea.  Finally, he looked up.
“Trey,” he said, “Trey, we have to fly.  You have to fly all of us.”
“I can’t,” he answered, “I never figured it out.”
“You have to,” Jackson answered, “Just straight up.  Out the hole in the ceiling.  I think we can make it.  Just have Emma throw you again.  Only this time, she doesn’t let go, and we all will fly up.  I think it will work, if you are touching us.”
“What about the pirate?” Jane asked.  Jackson hesitated.  They couldn’t just leave him standing there, to come after them again, but he didn’t think he could just kill him either.  
“Look, lad,” the captain said, staring straight at Jackson, “I may be a pirate, but I’m not a monster.  I see you won.  You take the medallions.  Go.  I still have other treasures within the tomb.”  His voice sounded sincere, but there was a glint in his eyes that Jackson didn’t trust.
“You were going to kill us,” he answered.  And yet, he also remembered, it was the captain that saved his life, when he threw him down in the treasure cavern.  
“Fair enough,” the captain answered, “So where does that leave us?”  No one answered him.  
“All right,” Jackson said at last, “everyone get around Trey.  Emma, get ready to throw him, straight up, and we all have to hold on.”
“How do I hold on, and hold the gun?” Jane asked.  
“I’ll hold you,” Trey suggested, and she nodded.  She never took her eyes of the pirate.  Everyone moved sideways slowly, until they were under the hole in the ceiling.  The captain R’binsn watched them, still holding his sword, but not moving.  The monkey Almost made soft chirping noises from Ian’s shoulder.
“We are going to fly,” Ian told him, “Just stay with me and you will be all right.”  Trey grabbed Jane around the middle, and then stood waiting.
“Ok, everyone, make sure you are touching Trey,” Jackson said, “Everyone ready?”  He had grabbed one of Trey’s arms, and Ian had his other arm.
“All right,” Jackson said, “Emma, now!”  
Emma threw Trey upwards with all her might, and then at the last second remembered she was supposed to hold on also.  She only just managed to grab his feet.  Trey soared upwards.  As soon as his feet left the ground, everyone suddenly felt as they had in space, as though they were weightless, and found themselves flying upwards with him.  Emma wished adamantly that she wasn’t wearing a dress, as she dangled from Trey’s legs, and looked down at the pirate, still standing below them.  
As they reached the window, he made a motion with his sword as though to bid them farewell.  Then they came to the window, crashed into some unseen barrier, bounced downwards, and halted in the middle of the air.
“Ow!” Trey exclaimed, and Jane shrieked as they jolted to a halt, and the gun nearly tumbled from her hands.  
“There’s a wall here!” Trey cried, “I can’t get through!”  
“We’re going to die, we’re going to die!” Ian cried, and then below them, the captain saluted them.
“Very nicely done,” he shouted up to them, “Now I don’t suppose you want to come back down?”  
“We have to break the barrier!” Emma exclaimed, and she started to pull herself up Trey to reach the top.  She hit the barrier as hard as she could, with all her super strength.  Unfortunately, all that happened was that she pushed them away from the ceiling so that they all started falling down.
“Up, Trey, go up!” Jane shrieked.
“I can’t, I can’t!” he yelled, “Stupid talisman, up, up, up!”  And then suddenly they did stop, in the middle of the air.  Slowly they started upwards again.  Trey had his eyes shut as he concentrated hard.
“Jane!” Jackson shouted, “Try the gun!  Shoot the window!”  Jane nodded, and aimed the gun straight up.  She pulled the trigger, and it clicked, but nothing else happened.
“Um,” she said, and then shouted down to the captain, “Hey, how do you work this thing?”
“It would help,” the captain shouted back at them, “If there had been more than one bullet in it to begin with!  Bring it down here, and I’ll load it for you!”  
“Hey, wait, you mean…” Jane began, frowning, but then Trey reached the window again, this time stopping before they crashed, and everyone tried to think of a way to get out, while the captain shouted words of encouragement from the ground.  He was becoming very annoying.
“Hey, would lasers work?” Ian asked suddenly, “Maybe Jane could get us out that way!”  Jane was the only one of them not wearing her talisman, because she didn’t want it to start working suddenly and fry whoever she was looking at.
“I don’t know if I can,” she answered Ian, but she took hers out of her pocket and, careful not to be looking at anyone, she put it on.  She turned her eyes to look out the window.  There were silvery green leaves of the jungle trees above them, and between the leaves she saw the blue sky.  It didn’t look like there was anything between themselves and the outside at all.
“Concentrate really hard,” Trey suggested, “Just on the lasers and nothing else.”  Jane didn’t see how that would help; what does it feel like to shoot lasers?  But she concentrated on staring at the window, and thinking how she needed to break through it.  Her eyes began to sting from not blinking, but that was all.
“Would it help if I came up and lent you my sword?” the captain called from below them.  She tried to ignore him.  Suddenly, while she was distracted, she felt something, like cold fire, in her eyes.  
“Hey!” she cried, and the feeling stopped.  Above them, cracks had appeared in the sky.
“Keep doing it!” Jackson cried, and she started to try again, but she had already forgotten what she had done in the first place.  She squinted hard, concentrating, when it came again, the feeling in her eyes, and without warning the sky above them exploded into stone, falling around them.  Everyone tried to duck, without letting go of Trey, and then they were rushing upwards, out of the tomb, and into the trees.  
“Ack, I can’t stop!” Trey cried, and then he grabbed a passing branch, and clung to it with one hand, his other still holding Jane.  Far below them, the pirate captain was shouting something, but they couldn’t hear what he said.  They had made it out.
As soon as they were clear, Jane took the talisman quickly off from around her neck and put it back into her pocket.  She still didn’t trust that she could control it, and it was scary having that much power.  She hadn’t even liked holding the gun, even if it had proved to be useless.
“Hey,” she said suddenly, “If the pirate knew there was only one bullet, and he had already used it, why did he let us get away?  He knew the gun wouldn’t go off.”
“Who cares?” Ian asked, “We’re free, we’re free!”
“Um, Trey?” Emma asked, “We are going to return to the ground soon, right?”
“You want to try flying?” Trey asked, “It isn’t as easy as it looks you know.  Just a second, if we just go straight down we’ll be back down in the tomb again.
“Just push off,” Jackson said, “Use the branch and push away from it.”
“Right,” Trey answered, and he pushed away from the branch he was holding, trying to go downwards.  They did start downwards, much faster than he intended.  The ground was rushing towards them and then, at the last second, he managed to stop their fall so that they all tumbled lightly to the ground.  He let go of Jane and everyone else let go of him, sitting on the ground.  
“Great,” Jane said, “Remind me of this trip, next time I say I wish I could fly.”
“So that is the last of our wish,” Jackson said suddenly, “It all came true.  The pirates, the super powers, the space ship, everything.  Do you know what this means?”
“Does it mean we can go home now?” Ian asked, “Now that it is over?”
“It means,” Jackson said slowly, “That whatever happens now, isn’t because of the wish.  So maybe we can get home.  Or maybe it just means whatever magic the stone did to set all this up is gone, and we are stuck here to do whatever.”  Nobody answered him.  Everyone was silent, thinking their own thoughts, until Ian’s stomach growled.
“I’m hungry!” he exclaimed, “And thirsty, and tired, and I want to go home!”
“I wonder where my backpack is now,” Jackson said, “and my notebook.  I suppose they are still back where I left them before the pirates caught us.”
“Hey, I’ll bet Almost knows where that is!  I could ask him,” Ian suggested.
“How did Almost suddenly show up like that, anyway?” Jane asked.
“After he saved us like that,” Emma said, “I forgive him for everything he ever did.”
“He followed us, of course,” Ian answered, “We’re his clan group now.  I think that is why me and Jackson never saw your trail of the chocolate nutshells.  Almost was following too, and he picked them up.”
“How do you know all that, Brat?” Trey asked, “I mean, it is odd that he showed up just in time, but why would he want us for his clan, or whatever you called it?”
“He told me,” Ian answered, “He was cast out of his own family, you see.  And when we invited him into ours, he was happy to join us.”
“When we invited him into ours?” Emma asked, raising an eyebrow.
“When we allowed him to eat with us.  If we didn’t want him, we would have thrown the nuts at him, like the other monkeys.  That’s how they are.”
“And he told you all this?” Trey asked.
“Yes,” Ian answered, and then turned to talk to the monkey, “Almost, do you know where my brother’s backpack is?  Back where the pirates first caught us?”  Almost leapt in the air, making an odd chirping, howling noise, then turned and started away through the trees.
“He says he does!” Ian said, “He is going to show us the way now!”  Ian started to follow Almost.  Everyone else looked at each other.  Then, suddenly, Jackson understood.
“The talisman!” he exclaimed, “It isn’t understanding languages, it is understanding animals!  Ian can talk with animals!”  
Finally, the others followed after Ian and the monkey.  Almost tended to leap among the trees and branches, but whenever Ian shouted for him to wait he would, looking back as the others hurried to catch up.  How Almost knew the way, no one knew, unless it was simply that he was familiar with that part of the jungle, but it was not nearly as far as anyone thought it would be before they reached the river.  The pirate ship was nowhere in sight.  
They followed the river for a short distance when suddenly Almost stopped abruptly, jumping up and down in the lowest branch of a tree.
“There!” Ian exclaimed, pointing, and Jackson thought he saw a small bit of blue through the leaves.  There was his backpack and his notebook, the second still open to his last entry on the pirates.  He took it up, hardly able to believe it was still there.  Then he pulled the food out of the backpack.  
“All right, here are two peanut butter sandwiches, ugh, and half a ham sandwich, and a bag of chips” he began, eyeing the sandwiches with a slight feeling of disgust.  None of it looked very appetizing after a day of sitting in his backpack, and he suspected that the ham might have gone bad.  
“And there is the candy bar and skittles and gum,” Ian pointed out.  After considering their lunch, they decided to abandon Emma’s ham and cheese sandwich, and divided everything else five ways, except the skittles, which were only divided four ways because Emma said she didn’t like those.  Finally they drank what water was in the bottle, and Ian ran down to refill it at the river.  Getting a sudden idea, Jackson went with him and put his hand in the river.  He was still wearing his black talisman, though he hadn’t thought to use it before.
“It’s all right,” he said, “This is regular water.  And I think it’s clean.  At least, I don’t feel anything dangerous.”  Then, when he turned out his backpack pocket and discovered the last of the cocoa nuts they had gathered, he picked one up and had a very pleasant surprise.
“Hey,” he said, “This chocolate stuff is all right too.  I mean, it is actually healthy for us.”
“Chocolate is healthy?” Emma asked doubtfully, though she ate hers now with less hesitation than the first time.
“I don’t think it is chocolate, exactly, it just tastes the same,” Jackson answered her, “And it is definitely healthy.  We never got a stomach ache yesterday, did we, when we ate hundreds of them.”  Once they had all eaten, everyone returned to the question of what they should do now.  Emma had the idea that they should try to return to the beach.  Even if the spaceship never returned, they could collect more cocoa nuts.  Trey was against this, if only because he didn’t want to walk all the way back again.
“And we can have Jackson touch plants, if we need to know if it’s edible, right Jinx?” he said.  Jackson wasn’t listening.  He was still rummaging through his backpack, taking notes on what they had.  Suddenly, he came across the map in one of the pockets.  He had almost forgotten about it.
“Hey!” he cried, when he had touched it, “Hey, this feels weird!”
“What is it?” Jane asked.  Trey and Emma were still arguing and hadn’t heard him, and Ian was talking with Almost.
“I don’t know.  It doesn’t tell me in words, just a sort of feeling, you see, but it isn’t regular paper and ink.  It changes.  I think… I think it shows you what you need to know.”  Slowly he unfolded it.  It had changed.  It no longer showed the town or the woods.  
“It’s the island!” Jackson said, “See, here is the jungle, and the river, and I think it even marks where the tomb is.”
“And is that a mountain, over there, on the other side of the island?” Jane asked, “And this line?  Do you think it is a road?”
“I think, I think that’s our path.  It’s telling us which way to go again.  Hey, I need to copy this map in my notebook!”  He grabbed for his notebook and a pen, not even noticing he had grabbed a black pen this time.  
“But Jackson,” Jane said, “Last time it told us distances and stuff.  And if it is supposed to show us the way like that, how come it didn’t make it easier last time?  Showing the town as it is, not like it used to be before it grew?”  
“Hey,” Trey interrupted suddenly, turning from his argument with Ian and still not noticing anything the others had just said, “You agree don’t you Jane?  That if we went to the beach the pirates could catch us, but if we leave the river, we might lose them forever.”
“Of course we aren’t going to the beach,” Jane answered, “I think we’re going to the mountain.”
“Huh, what mountain?” Ian asked, joining them with Almost sitting on his shoulder.
“The map that Jackson had, the map that started everything, it’s changed again,” Jane answered.
“And it can take us home?” Ian asked, “We are finally going home?”
“We don’t know that,” Jackson said, finally noticing that everyone was surrounding him, now that he had gotten the outline of the map copied, “All we know is there is a line leading across the island, and it starts from around where we are here.”
“So we follow it then,” Trey said, “And see where it leads us.”
“But we don’t have any idea where it might lead,” Emma pointed out, “Now that our wish is done.  Maybe it is just marking a road, and it isn’t even meant for us.”
“It’s better than staying lost in the jungle forever and ever,” Jane pointed out.
“Almost says he doesn’t know of any roads around here,” Ian said, “But I’m not sure if he understands what a road is.”
“We can’t go back,” Jackson pointed out, “And if we stay here, the pirates are bound to find us.  I think the map shows you what you need to know.  And right now, we need to find a way home.  It’s worth a try.”  Finally, the others nodded.  Jackson repacked his backpack, and put it on his back.
“Are we following Jinx again?” Trey asked.
“Who cares who’s leading?” Jane asked, “Let’s just go already.”  With Jackson in the lead, studying the map, the five children and the alien monkey set off into the jungle, hoping to find at last a way home.  

Here ends book one of the chronicles of Evrion.
The series continues with Almost Earth


BONUS EXCERPT

From Almost Earth
Book 2 in the Chronicles of Evrion

“It’s the valley of dinosaurs,” Emma whispered.
 “Jane!” Trey shouted, seeing her at last where she was standing very still near the cliff.  She didn’t answer.  Trey flew ahead of the others, landing near her, and at last she turned her head.
“I killed it,” she whispered.  Finally, Trey was able to see what she was staring at.  It looked like the four-horned dinosaur they had seen swimming in the water, except that this one was much larger.  It lay very still.  The others caught up to them then, but stopped short at the look on Jane’s face.
“I didn’t mean to,” she tried to explain, “I didn’t want to hurt it.  But it charged at me, and I was afraid, and my eyes just…” and then she began to cry.  She had taken her medallion off and was holding it tightly in one hand.
“I shouldn’t have come here,” she said, “I shouldn’t have come so far, but I heard water, and I just had to get a closer look, and now…”
“You had to shoot it,” Trey tried to tell her, “It would have killed you.”  But Jane wasn’t listening.  Ian tried to take a closer look at the dead dinosaur, but Jackson held him back, so he tried to talk to some of the other dinosaurs instead.
“Is there anything else dangerous here?” Emma asked him, nervously, but Ian soon learned from a passing pig-like lizard with bushy hair that none of the really big predators came into the valley, though the fish eater in the water had sharp teeth and some of the smaller creatures had sharp claws, like the one Emma had seen earlier.  Then everyone was silent until Trey suggested they continue on, but Jane shook her head.
“I can’t just leave it like this,” she insisted.
“The other dinosaurs say it’s alright,” Ian told her, “the little ones can eat it now,” but this just made her cry more.  
“Maybe we should give Jane a moment alone,” Emma suggested, “before we go on.”  She knew that if it had been her, she wouldn’t want everyone standing around staring at her.  The others hesitated, but Jane nodded her head.
“We’ll be just outside the valley, waiting,” Trey told her, “If you’re sure you’ll be all right.  You can shout if you need us.”  So everyone walked back but Jane, though Jackson had to half drag Ian away from talking with all the dinosaurs.  They waited in silence for Jane to return.
“Maybe someone should go and check on her, to make sure she is all right,” Trey said, after they had waited for nearly five minutes.  He was feeling restless.  But at last they heard someone coming towards them.  
“Jane, is that you?” Trey called, because there were a lot of strange noises, and then Jane came into view.  
“What in the world is that?” Jackson exclaimed.  In her arms she was struggling to carry something very large and heavy.  That something kept wriggling so that she almost dropped it, but finally she was able to set it on the ground.  The creature had silver blue scales, and three bumps upon its head, like the beginnings of horns, and one on the tip of its nose.
“It’s a baby,” Jane answered their surprised looks.  She looked much calmer now.  “The dinosaur had a baby.  I found it, hiding in the tall grass behind…behind the one I killed.  So now I’m its mother.”  At her feet, the small dinosaur made a crooning noise, lost its balance, and sat down.  Jane stared at them defiantly, daring them to tell her she couldn’t bring it with them.
“I’m keeping her,” she told them, “Her name is Ras.”

Read more at 

Almost Earth by Mir Foote

Or find more books by Mir Foote at:

mirfoote.com

Smashwords

Facebook


About the Author



Mir Foote grew up in the country, in a small community called Whitehawk.  There she had the woods for her playground, dirt roads for her adventures, and an entire wilderness for inspiration.  She was lulled to sleep at night by the sound of drums and coyote calls.  By day, she explored.
Now, the world is her playground.  She spent a year of school in France and another month in Prague.  She taught English for a year in South Korea.  She has walked on the Great Wall of China, escaped a forest fire in the mountains of Wyoming, and stood in the ruins of Pompeii.
Mir Foote is a world traveler, an amateur linguist, and lover of the written word.  Currently, she is teaching English in France, exploring new stories, and working on her next book.
For more information on Mir Foote or her books, please go to her website pages at:  

mirfoote.com

Smashwords

Facebook
