With Cross & Charm
D.L. Miles
Copyright 2013 by Devin Miles
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Cover photo copyright LawSayWhich/Shutterstock.com

Also by D.L. Miles
The Ethereal Crossings
Shadeland
Fenridge
Northcliffe
Glenbrook (Coming Soon)

The Dark Origins
Shimmering
Igniting

Threads of Chaos
Of Noble Chains: A Ventori Fable
The Warden in the Gates

And don’t miss D.L. Miles’ serial novel Astral Bodies!


Possessed for fourteen years, Willa Queen has never tried too hard to get rid of her demon, Ithinara. But when the new boy in town, Cain Steele, starts giving her attention she becomes torn between the life she's used to and the life she could have. Getting close to Cain might be what finally lets her demon take over for good, or it could be exactly what sets Willa free.



Prologue

Putting words to paper is easy for me; it’s just making stuff up and I must admit, I’m a talented liar; although my father would call me a writer.  And yet as I sit in front of my computer, staring at the flashing cursor I can’t think of a single thing to write.
“Stupid college essay,” I mumble to myself.  I type in a title and quickly erase it, questioning what I was thinking.  This shouldn’t be as hard as it is.  It’s only an essay on myself, and I know me pretty damn well.
That’s what you think, the voice in my head says.  You don’t know you at all.
“Shut up,” I say.  “I need to concentrate.”
From across the room my father calls, “I didn’t say anything.  Talking to yourself again?”
“Just the voice in my head that reminds me I know nothing about anything,” I tell him.  He perks up right away, dropping his newspaper on the table.  I immediately flinch, squeezing my eyes shut.  Any mention of disembodied voices puts him on high alert.  Quickly I add, “You know, the one I know isn’t real?”
His lips purse.  I peek over and see him physically forcing the words down his throat as his Adam’s apple bobs.  I make my escape, slamming my laptop shut.  “I gotta get to school; Mr. Diaz is a stickler for anyone that shows up late.  Bye Dad!”
I grab my backpack and rush for the front door, knocking into Dad’s glass case of old war knives.  The table is way too far from the corner, and after hitting it every time I leave I’ve yet to learn my lesson.  Dad yells to me, “Be careful, Willa.  Remember I’m working late tonight!”
The September air is sticky as I step outside, the summer heat refusing to leave.  A few clouds blow by overhead, reminding me I really need to buy an umbrella.  Maybe I can go today after school.
Walking down the street I pull out my phone and text Beth to make sure she’s still meeting me in front of the graveyard.  She would pick me up in front of my house but Dad always says something about it being too dangerous to get in the car with her.  Apparently teen girls are a safety hazard when in a confined space.  I roll my eyes at the thought as my phone beeps with her reply.  She’s already there.
I quicken my pace, only a block away.
I don’t like that girl, the voice says.  She wears a cross.  The last word dances a chill across my skin, settling in my bones.
“Too bad; I’ve known her longer than you,” I tell the voice.  “Ithinara, you need to get over it.”
I turn the corner to find Beth and Delilah parked in the driveway of the cemetery, convertible top down and engine running.  I can’t help but smile; they’ve been my friends forever and know my darkest secrets.
I know your secrets, Ithinara says, what do you need them for?
“To remind me I’m sane,” I say.  “And that the demon in my head can’t take control of me.”
Ithinara harrumphs at me.
Demons are so touchy.



Chapter 1

Maybe it’s because Ithinara is being unusually vocal today, or maybe it’s because Beth recently got a new cross from her father, but I was feeling sick.  The ten minute drive to school usually doesn’t bother me; something about today was different.  I sit in the backseat by myself, listening to the idle chatter of Beth and Delilah.  They’re talking about an upcoming dance to celebrate the blue moon.
“We need dresses,” Delilah says as she peers into the mirror on the visor.  “It’s less than a month away and I haven’t started shopping at all.   Not even for myself.”
I shift in my seat, careful to watch the silver chain that wraps around Beth’s neck.  Somehow, I decide I need confirmation that I am not insane.  “What did you say?” I ask, though I know full well what she said.  “I couldn’t hear you over…”
Beth flinches in the driver’s seat, her grip on the wheel tightening.  She’s never liked hearing about Ithinara, maybe because she actually goes to church every Sunday.  But I need to be reminded that it’s not a psychosis, and I know she understands that.  Beth says, “Is that thing trying to talk over us again?  So rude.”  She always knows how to play it cool.
“Good God,” Delilah shouts, “Ithinara don’t you ruin this dance!  I plan on getting our little Willa a boyfriend this year.”
Ithinara and I both snort.  “Good luck,” I say.  “Eighteen years and counting is a streak that’s hard to beat.”
Delilah fluffs her blonde strands in the mirror.  “Someone’s got to do it.”  She turns to face me just as we pull into the parking lot of Wayward High School.  “This is our senior year, so you are going to slap a smile on that face or I will do it for you.”
“You do everything else for me so why not that as well?” I suggest.  She laughs and turns back around.  I say, “It’s weird to date someone from our classes though; I’m a year older than everyone.”
“So?” Beth says.  “That isn’t so bad.”
“But I’m eighteen,” I whine, “it’s like I’m a cougar.”
I see Delilah roll her eyes in the mirror.   “An eighteen year old girl dating a seventeen year old guy does not make you a cougar.  If he was fourteen, then we might have a problem.”
Beth parks and shuts the engine off.  “I’m going to meet with Joey before class; I’ll see you at lunch?”
“Meet you then,” Delilah sings.  “We can discuss colours for the dance, and dates.”
Beth frowns.  “I’m going with Joey.”
“We’ll see,” Delilah says.  Without saying much else Beth gets out of the car, leaving Delilah and me behind.
And me, Ithinara mentions.  It’s my turn to roll my eyes.  Instead of conversing with her I say, “You should stop trying to get her to breakup with Joe.  She likes him.”
“But he’s totally wrong for her.”  She huffs and leans into the seat as the school bell rings in the hallways.
“They go to the same church,” I say, “and have the same values and morals and stuff.  He’s a straight A student and his family is freaking rich.  How is he wrong for her?”
“Because of all those reasons,” Delilah tells me.  She hops out of the car and I do the same.  As I grab my bag from the back seat she says, “Beth should try going with someone that is like the anti-Joe so she gets out of her comfort zone.  She won’t grow as a person if she doesn’t make new friends.”
“Having a demon-possessed friend isn’t out there enough?” I joke.  Beth’s father is a minister; the fact that she can even look in my direction is pretty amazing for her.  Although I know for a fact she carries a bible and holy water with her just in case; I can’t blame her for it.
Delilah begins walking, her boots clicking on the concrete.  “Nope; she’s way too much of a good girl.  She needs a bad boy.”  She shoots me a wink over her shoulder and keeps walking.

The school halls are packed wall to wall with students this morning.  But as Delilah steps into the school a wave seems to go through the crowd, allowing her access.  I follow close behind her to our Creative Writing class, Ithinara humming a tune in my head.  I wish she would shut up.
What’s gotten into her today?
Can’t you feel it? she asks me.  There’s change in the air.
I can’t feel anything but the residual heat from outside.  We step into class and all the windows are open, relieving us of nothing.  If anything it feels like more heat is coming inside.  I sit in my seat in the middle of the classroom, and Delilah jumps into the one behind me.
“What are you doing?” I ask.  “You always sit in front of me.”
“Not today,” she says.  “Today, I sit here.”
I don’t bother to question her again, because her crush on Albert Donovan is still hanging on from the summer.  She’d been dating him for the past three months, but then he broke up with her just before school started; she was devastated and has been trying to get him back ever since.  I heard last week he was transferring into our class.
As the bell rang and morning announcements began Mr. Diaz began writing on the board.  I watch the gentle curves of the chalk glide across the board; it feels hypnotic, so much so that I almost don’t notice Albert walk in and sit beside Delilah.  Are they back together?  I turn around and find them smiling shyly at each other.
She didn’t tell you, Ithinara says, how sad.  Are you two not as close as you used to be?
Shut up, I think.  She’s always trying to give me doubts.  I want to ask Delilah what’s going on but the announcements are over and class has started.  I’ll have to ask later, and maybe convince Beth to gang up with me.
All through Creative Writing I hear them whispering to each other, and Ithinara doesn’t say a thing.  She’s letting my imagination get the better of me, letting me convince myself that Delilah and I aren’t really friends anymore.  I shake my head as Mr. Diaz calls my name.
“I’m sorry Miss Queen,” he says, “did you not want to go to the volleyball game and play for the team?  I’ll have to call the coach and let her know.”
“What?” I shout.  “The game?”  The class erupts in laughter as I rush out of the room.  How could I have forgotten I’m supposed to be on the bus heading to our rival school?
Coach Henderson finds me at my locker.  “Queen, where have you been?  The bus has been waiting ten minutes for—why aren’t you dressed for the game?”
“I’m so sorry Coach,” I say.  “I kind of forgot?”
Coach sighs and pushes her glasses back up her nose.  “Do you have your things?”
“I do now.”
“Then get going!”

Everybody heckles me on the bus, questioning how I could have forgotten something so important.  I lie and say I was caught up in college essays and planning.  Some of them feel it’s a good excuse, but others make more playful jabs.
We’re halfway to our rival school Highland High.  Such a lame name for a high school.  The other girls are eager, as usual.  We always beat Highland in volleyball, though they usually destroy us in basketball.  Today will be no different.
There’s change in the air, Ithinara sings, don’t be so sure of yourself.
I push my hair back and tie it into a tight ponytail.   Slipping my wristbands on I try to be fierce like the sleek tiger that snarls on the black fabric.  I close my eyes as a headache begins.
Beside me my teammate is wearing a tiny cross earring; it’s no wonder I feel sick again.  I lie and say I need to move to the front of the bus and plant myself next to Coach.  She notices my feelings immediately.
“Are you okay Queen?” she asks, always using my last name.  It’s like she thinks it sounds more sporty or something.  “You look like you’re about to be sick.”
“Just carsick,” I say with a shrug.  She accepts the answer, but inches away from me.
Why do you continue to play this game? Ithinara asks.  It’s so boring; barely any blood.
I like it, I tell her, trying not to say the words out loud.  She’s quiet again and my gut sinks.  Something weird is going on, and I can’t help but wonder what she thinks is going to change.  I’ve had her in my head for fourteen years now…nothing’s ever changed.

I change clothes in the washroom of Highland High, the paintings of eagles in every stall staring down at me, judging me for being there.  Before I leave the washroom I stick my tongue out at one of the eagles.
The Highland gymnasium is filled with students, their voices echoing all over the place.  Only a few of my own classmates have come to cheer us on, the rest of the seats occupied by Highland kids.  They’re surprisingly mature today, and there’s hardly any booing.  I begin to warm up with my team by bouncing a ball back and forth before switching to stretches.
As I pull my left arm over my head I notice a freshman from my team staring at my scar.   It runs up my elbow to my armpit, a burn mark reminding me that holy water really does hurt.  Holy water doesn’t care that I’m not a demon, only that a demon lives within me.  Beth still feels guilty about throwing it on me all those years ago.
“It’s from ammonia,” I tell her.  She flinches and meets my eyes; I try to give her an encouraging smile because I know people are always afraid to ask.  “It was spilled on me a few years ago.”  She quickly nods her head and runs away to stretch somewhere else.
The hairs on the back of my neck stick straight up and a chill runs through me.  My heart beats faster and the crowd seems to get louder, but all I can think is that if I turn around I’ll see something I don’t want to see.  Pushing that aside, I glance casually over my shoulder and look at the upper level of the gymnasium.
There’s nothing but students there.
You need to leave, Ithinara warns, it isn’t safe here.
“It’s safe,” I mumble.
It isn’t.  Run.  I can feel her trying to take control of my movements, something she hasn’t done since I was a child.  It’s easy to ignore, but as she pushes harder to make my legs move I decide to push back.  I lock the door inside my head to ensure she can’t bother me during the game, and she swears in a language I don’t recognize.
My brow furrows while I look over the students, wondering why that particular section is bothering me.  But there’s nothing unusual about them, and I turn back to practice.
Ithinara tries throughout the game to make me leave, but I ignore her again and we win the game.  By the end of it she’s pounding on the imaginary door in my head just to bug me.  She isn’t normally like this; I don’t understand.
Each team lines up by the net and prepares to shake hands.  I move down the line, slapping my hand against each person that passes and with each step my chest seems to swell.  It begins to hurt so much that I wobble from the line.  Coach is there instantly.
“Come on Queen,” she says, grabbing onto my shoulders, “you should sit down.  You pushed yourself enough today.”
I don’t fight her as she takes me to the bench on the edge of the gymnasium.  After a few deep breaths the pain subsides and I watch the rest of the team shake hands with the Highland Eagles.  One of the Eagles is watching me from beyond the net; I almost think she’s a student until I realize she’s a teacher, and the coach of the team.  She watches me behind thin glasses, almost seeming angry I left the line.  I avert my eyes.
When we leave the school, my feeling of unease stays there, along with my migraine.

“Can I ask you a question?” the freshman girl asks me on the bus.  We’re all sweaty from the game, making it seem even hotter.  The breeze from the window does no good to help me as I sit on the aisle seat.  The freshman girl sits across from me, her eyes flicking to the scar on my arm.
“Ask away,” I tell her.  I’ve never had a problem explaining my scars to people; they always accept my answers.  Besides, who would think unholy demon possession was the truth?
I would, Ithinara mentions.  
“Uhm…the scars on your hands,” she says, pointing to them, “how…how did those ones happen?”
I pause, thinking of an answer.  “Some knives dropped when I was a kid,” I lie, looking down at the thin white lines that run across my palms.  “I tried to catch them out of instinct.”
She sighs.  “I’m sorry for asking…I just thought maybe you…”
“Did it to myself?” I suggest.  “It’s okay; people always think that.”
She nods a lot before running to the back of the bus with the other two freshman girls.  I look back at my palms in thought, wishing my story was the truth.  But I couldn’t tell someone the truth; it’s even harder to explain than the demon in my head.
The bus pulls into the parking lot of Wayward High and we all hurry to get off.  It’s halfway through my lunch period and I pull out my phone to find out where Beth and Delilah are.
“Awesome game!” my teammate says as she grabs me into a hug.  My skin sizzles under her cross earring, just under my ear.  I grunt in pain as it sears into my flesh.
Before my teammate realizes what she’s done she runs off to hug everyone else.  I grind my teeth and squeeze my eyes shut, holding in a scream.  After a few shaky moments, I take a deep breath and make my way into the school.
The cross burn firmly shut Ithinara up.



Chapter 2

“I can’t believe you forgot about your game,” Delilah laughs.  “How could you?”
I consider telling her my college essay lie but decide to go with the truth.  “I just did; you two could have mentioned something!”
Beth looks apologetic while Delilah continues to giggle.  Beth says, “I’m sorry; it just slipped my mind since I couldn’t get tickets this time.”
I pout but nod; it’s not like it was an important game anyway.  I ask, “What did I miss in Creative Writing?”
“Your binder?” Delilah suggests.  She passes me my notebook and I gladly take it.  “Other than that we just started reading some poetry.  Thanks for making me take this class too; it’s such a blow off.”
It’s Beth’s turn to pout.  She had wanted to take it with us but by the time she tried to get in it was full.  I feel bad that she’s excluded, but I don’t think I could live with her cross every morning.  I touch at my new burn.
“Amelia got you with her earring huh?” Beth asks.  I know she’s thinking of the scar on my arm.
“I should have been watching her; she hugs people after every game,” I say.  “It was light though, so it won’t scar.  And see?  My hair covers it.”  I pull out my ponytail and let the strands fall in front of the mark.  I shrug; no biggie.
You always act like you don’t care, Ithinara says, it’s irritating.
“You’re irritating,” I say aloud without thinking.  Ithinara snickers and Beth looks taken aback.   “Not you.  Sorry.”
“Are you sure you don’t want to try another exorcism?” Beth asks.  “My dad has people coming from out of town; maybe they could—”
“No, it’s fine.  Remember what happened last time?”
We’d tried to do an exorcism once when I was ten.  All it did was give me killer cramps, and weaken me enough to give Ithinara control over my body.  She didn’t do anything, but she likes to remind me that she could have killed Beth and Delilah.  I don’t think I could live with that.
You should thank me more often; my brothers and sisters are much crueler.
For a demon, Ithinara is fairly tame.  She’s more of a nuisance than anything, and takes more delight in making me talk to her rather than making me kill someone.  Ithinara reminds me, I only want you to kill one person.  I won’t leave until you do it.
“So are we going to talk about the dance or what?” I ask, wanting to think about anything but murder.  I don’t know who Ithinara wants me to kill, but I feel it’s someone I know and that’s why she won’t tell me until I make the deal.  I plan on living my entire life with her inside my head if it means I don’t kill anyone.
Beth sighs but begins to discuss possible dress colours for her to go with Joe’s suit.  As we talk my mind wanders back to Highland and the Eagle’s coach.  Something about her scares me, and something else there scares me too.  I wish I knew what it is.
She’s dangerous, Ithinara warns, you should stay away from her.
“Why?” I whisper, drawing nobody’s attention.  “Why is she dangerous?”
Ithinara is quiet again.
Ithinara has actually saved my life before, but I don’t know why.  If she says that the Eagles’ coach is dangerous, then I believe her.  I chew on my lips in thought, wondering why I can trust a demon so easily compared to a human.
Because we are one, Ithinara answers.  I don’t like that answer; I don’t want to be one with a demon, even one as relatively simple as Ithinara.  Who are you calling simple?

As I leave school that day, a little sore from the game and improper stretching, I notice it’s starting to rain.  The light drizzle puts Beth in a panic to get to her car and she makes us rush over.  We make it before the skies really open up and give Hollow’s Point what it holds.  I manage to get the front seat this time.
“Can you just drop me off downtown?” I ask.  “I need to get an umbrella.”
“You want me to take you by Target?” Beth suggests.  “I need to get some new tights for church anyway.  They turn the AC up so much I’m pretty sure they’re trying to freeze the devil out of us.”
Ha, if that were only possible, Ithinara laughs.
“If you don’t mind.  You coming Del?”
“I have to be home for piano lessons,” grumbles Delilah.  “But text me pictures before you buy anything!  It needs my approval.”
Beth and I roll our eyes, but agree to the terms.

The Target in Hollow’s Point it brightly lit with wide aisles and decorated in white and red.  It smells of plastic, but the scent of coffee drifts over from the Starbuck’s they have inside.  I go right for the accessories section, always a sucker for a handbag.  Beth says she’ll meet me back here once she finds an appropriate pair of church tights.
I browse through the wallets, enjoying the new fall designs until my heart squeezes inside of me.  I press a hand over my chest, sweat beginning to form on my temples despite the air conditioning.  Soon my chest feels swelled, and it’s like I’m back in the Highland gymnasium.
Danger, Willa Queen, Ithinara says half-heartedly.  I can tell she’s worried, but it isn’t quite as urgent as before.  The feeling dies down, and I look around to find I’m alone.
I wipe the sweat from my brow and try to find the umbrellas.  When I do I grab the first one I see; a small red one that looks like it will break as soon as the wind strikes.  I whirl, ready to find Beth when I nearly tackle a tall blonde.
“Sorry,” I cry.  “I need to watch where I’m going.”
“It’s okay,” the woman says.  I look up at her and see pale hazel eyes behind thin glasses.  The Eagles coach.  The blood drains from my face, and my stomach churns with fear, but why?  I can’t tell.  She furrows her brow as I stare at her, mouth hanging open.  “I know you.  You play for the Wayward Tigers, right?”
I nod.  “Yup.”  Still, I can’t move.
She doesn’t seem interested in shopping anymore, and shifts the basket to her left hand.  Slowly, she offers me her right.  “I coach the Highland Eagles; my name’s Nico Steele.”  She has expensive looking rings on her fingers, and I notice one silver one has a cross on it.  I take a step back.
“It’s nice to meet you,” I stammer, “I’d shake your hand but I’m getting kind of sick.  I wouldn’t want to give you anything.”
“Ah,” she says, “well you played very well if you’re getting sick.”  Nico lowers her hand, accepting my answer.  It was a good thing Coach had taken me out of line; if Nico remembers that, then my lie might seem more believable.
“Anyway, I have to go find my friend—”
“I’m right here.”  Beth appears from nowhere, package of tights in hand.  She smiles at Nico, and I can clearly see Nico’s shoulders relax.  Beth has that effect on people.  They exchange greetings and Beth asks me, “Did you get the umbrella?”
My breathing is uneven and it’s hard to tear my eyes away from Nico.  I feel like she knows exactly what I’m thinking, knows what lives within me.  I feel her trying to shake my hand was a test of some sort, because she doesn’t offer the same with Beth.  “Will?”
“Yes.”  I’m nearly shouting.  “Are you ready to go?”
Beth can tell something’s wrong but doesn’t ask, not in front of Nico.  “It was nice meeting you,” I say, even though I’m still frightened.  She says the same to me, and I grab Beth and run out of there, almost forgetting to pay for the umbrella.
“Are you feeling okay?” Beth asks as we step outside.  She already has her clear umbrella open while mine is squeezed in my hand.  I glance over my shoulder to see where Nico is, and she’s still browsing in the accessories.
When she vanishes behind a corner I tell Beth, “I’m going to walk from here.  It, uh, isn’t too far.”
Her brow furrows with typical Beth worry.  “It’s pouring out; let me drive you home.”
“I’m not going home,” I say, “I’m heading to the library.  Don’t you have your youth group tonight anyway?”
“I have time to drive you.”
I shake my head.  “I need to walk.”  I don’t know why, but I just need to be alone.  I don’t want Beth around me right now; after running into Nico, Beth’s cross is almost unbearable.  The burn on my neck pulses as if to remind me.
I can see Beth struggling to leave, so I help her out and say goodbye.  My cherry red umbrella opens up and I start to walk away, knowing she’s watching me go.
I’m not sure where I’m going, and Ithinara is still quiet.  I try to ask her what’s going on, but she doesn’t say a word.  My fingertips brush against the cross burn, and I think that’s the reason she’s having trouble coming through.  Holy water and crosses weaken her somehow; I just wish they didn’t hurt me too.
The further I get from Target the easier it is to breathe.  I stop on a street corner and wait for the light to change when Ithinara finally pipes up, I hate the rain.
I pull my phone out and set it to silent, deciding it’s easier to pretend to have a conversation that way.  “Why does she make me feel that way?” I ask.
Some people are just more connected to spirits, answers Ithinara.  Nico Steele has strong beliefs.  Like Beth.  Each time she say’s their names it sounds spiteful.  But Beth never made me feel like Nico did.
It will go away with time, Ithinara says.  You felt the same around Beth; you just don’t remember.
“It better,” I mutter and put my phone into my pocket just as the light changes.  There was nobody around to hear my conversation, but it makes me feel better to pretend.  Ithinara has taught me that you never know who is listening.

Dad isn’t home when I arrive, and I remember he’d said he was going to be working late.  Not hungry, I skip dinner and go right to my computer, opening up my college essay and seeing it is still blank.  I grimace and shut the computer again.
Tomorrow I will figure out my beginning, and it would flow out of me at my usual pace and be perfect.  I climb the steps to my room and do my usual nightly routine.  It’s barely past five and I’m already trying to go to sleep.
I’d pray that tomorrow would be better, but saying “amen” leaves a bad taste in my mouth.



Chapter 3

A week goes by without another incident with Nico or anyone else for that matter.  The burn on my neck fades to a blurry red and Ithinara returns to her usual self.  She makes snide comments about those around me, and occasionally asks me to kill someone; she’s yet to admit who that someone is.  At volleyball practice Thursday afternoon Coach calls us into a circle to introduce a new teammate.  I wonder who it could be, because anyone that wanted on the team at the beginning of the year is already there.
“This year I’m going to be co-coaching the team,” Coach says, her lips a little downturned.  “It’s a last minute decision with the new History teacher transferring into Wayward.”
I peer around but see nobody new; I hadn’t even seen the new History teacher around.  After the event at Target I’d been on high alert for anything out of the ordinary, especially since I’d heard we were getting another transfer student from Highland High.  It didn’t help that Ithinara kept saying that there was change in the air.  Whatever that means.
“Without further ado I’d like to introduce you all to our new co-coach Nico Steele.”  My heart dropped.
Across the gymnasium the doors open loudly and slam shut, and Nico turns the corner.  She wears a white blouse and black pencil skirt, not something a coach should wear, but it goes well with her spiked heels.  With great ease she approaches us and smiles.  
Our eyes meet, and my chest hurts.  Out of habit I play with the edges of my shirt, certain my eyes are almost bulging out of my skull. 
“Please,” Nico says, “Call me Nico.”
Even her name scares me now.

“I have to quit volleyball,” I tell Beth and Delilah.  “I have to quit volleyball and never come to school ever again.”
We sit in the convertible with the top going down, letting in the warm air.  It’s no longer sticky hot out, and the sun shines brightly down on us.  Even though Nico has been weighing on my mind, I hadn’t mentioned anything to them.  They each peer at me from the front seat.
“What are you talking about?” Beth asks.
“Nico Steele,” I say, her name making my tongue dry.  “She’s the new volleyball coach, or co-coach or whatever.  Something about her makes me sick.  Like crosses do.”
Beth raises her eyebrows while Delilah looks skeptical.  I don’t mention how Ithinara said Beth once made me feel the same.  She suggests, “Maybe it’s your imagination.”
“Yeah,” Delilah agrees, “maybe she just has a crazy cross tattoo below that skirt.”
“She has a cross on her ring,” I say, “but it’s something more.  Ithinara says she’s dangerous.”
Beth huffs.  “Ithinara is dangerous.”
Tell her I don’t like her, Ithinara demands.  And that her dress makes her legs look fat.
“I’m not saying that,” I tell her.  Looking back to Beth, “I just…something makes me uneasy.”
I can see her trying not to mention how ridiculous that sounds.  And considering who lives inside me I know exactly how it sounds.  “I’m being stupid, aren’t I?”
“A little,” Delilah admits.  “It’s just the cross.”
Beth starts the car and pulls out of the parking lot, her fingers playing along her own necklace.  She hates the fact that her cross makes me feel sick, but she’s yet to remove it.  After we drive in silence for a few blocks Beth admits, “Nico is part of my church.”
“What?” I ask.  “But you introduced yourself at the Target!”
“Well I’d never officially met her,” she argues, “I just recognize her is all.  I’m sorry…but maybe that’s why she makes you feel this way.”  She’s trying not to ask if she makes me sick.  And she doesn’t, so I tell her just that.
“Guys, we’re missing the point here,” Delilah cuts in, “we have a new transfer student from Highland coming too.  Tomorrow.  I hear he’s going to be in Creative Writing, Willa.”
I sigh.  “I don’t care about the transfer.  I care about Nico Steele, even though I’m probably being stupid.”
Trust your instincts.
I just wish I knew what my instincts were saying.
“You’ll care about him when you hear his last name,” teases Delilah.
“What’s his name?” Beth asks.
“Cain Steele.”
My life could not get any worse.

Dad can tell something is wrong with me when he gets home, if not by my silence then by the dozens of crumpled pieces of paper surrounding me.  I sit in the living room, creating constant lists of the pros and cons of staying on the volleyball team.  Or staying in school at all.
“Still stuck on your essay?” he asks me, tossing his jacket on the back of the couch.
Well, he gets points for noticing something is wrong.  “Among other things.”
“Don’t worry sweetie, I’m sure you’ll figure it out.”  He gives me a kiss on the head and moves into the kitchen.  “Would cooking for your father help you think?”
I roll my eyes and reluctantly smile.  “I guess I’ll have to try it and see.”
I put my notepad aside and follow him into the kitchen.  Together we make our traditional spicy stir fry; something we have at least twice a week since Mom died.  Through the meal he tries to spark ideas for my essay but all I can think about is Nico Steele and her nephew that’s going to be at school.  I want to ask Dad for his advice, but he doesn’t know anything about Ithinara; as far as he’s concerned she was my imaginary friend until I was eight.  A possible symptom of my possible schizophrenia.
“Are Beth or Delilah writing any essays?” he asks me.
“Beth wrote her essays in like seventh grade,” I joke.  “And Delilah doesn’t start anything until the last second.”
“What are they wanting to do anyway?”
I shrug, shifting the food around on my plate.  I can’t even remember what their plans are after high school; it’s hard enough to focus on what I want.  What job opportunities are there for girls with demons?
Assassins do quite well, Ithinara suggests.
Dad begins to shift his food on his plate as well.  The kitchen table wobbles with the movement of his arm, like it always does.  I glance outside, not wanting to see the sadness on his face; he’s about to talk about Mom.
“Maybe you should write about your mother in your essay,” he says.  “I’m sure you could write something beautiful.”
I stand, anger taking over.  “Or horrifying.”  My footsteps are heavy as I move to my room, and I’m careful not to slam the door shut.  From the safety of my bed I listen as Dad cleans up my dishes and retreats to the living room.
That was quite mean, even by my standards, Ithinara says.  She doesn’t sound like she’s being hurtful but actually…sorrowful.
“Shut up,” I order.  I’m in no mood to deal with her, no matter what kind of advice she wants to give.  Her low voice is like a screeching bird tonight.  “You’re only here because of her.”
Ithinara cannot deny that.
I sit at my desk and open my computer.  Would the admission boards enjoy an essay on my pain?  Probably.  It would show how I can overcome everything and still keep my grades up, even though I failed kindergarten because of my mother’s death.  Because that was when Ithinara showed up.  My father was right; writing about my mom might be a good idea.  I just wasn’t sure I could handle it.
I try to think up titles but I just feel too depressed to try anything.  Dad had said I could write something beautiful about Mom, but she didn’t die in a beautiful way.  I decide that writing about my mother is the worst idea possible and go back to trying to think of a better topic to focus on.
Why not volleyball? suggests Ithinara.  It’s pointless and silly; I’m sure humans would love to hear about it.
I snort and roll my eyes; typical Ithinara.  She never did understand sports or anything I enjoy.  And for some reason unbeknownst to me she loves watching reruns of The Jersey Shore and old NASCAR races.
My head rests in my hands and I go back to staring at the blinking cursor.  It sits there, flashing in and out of existence without any thought.  Lucky.
My phone rings.  “Hello?”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Beth asks.
I pause.  “About what?”
“Nico Steele,” she tells me.  “I know we agreed that it’s just your imagination or something getting the better of you, but it was upsetting you that she’s there right?  We can talk about it.”
I open my mouth, wanting to tell her everything again but wonder what Dad would think if he overheard.  He’s never listened in on my conversations before, but I worry he might hear something now.  I don’t usually talk about demons and Ithinara and crosses at home.  “Meet me somewhere?”
“How about I grab some coffees and meet you at the graveyard gate.”
“Sounds good.”  I’m about to hang up.  “Beth?”
“Yeah?”
“Thanks.”

As promised Beth is waiting in her convertible before the cemetery gates.  The top is up so I have to open the door to get inside.  She passes me a coffee and we just sit in comfortable silence for a moment; she’s the only person I can sit in silence with, and we’ve been doing it since we were children.  I notice she isn’t wearing her cross.
The sun sets past the hill in the cemetery, casting pinks and violets into the sky.  It’s beautiful and warming, and I have to close my eyes to block the image out.   I don’t want to see anything beautiful right now.
“I think Nico Steele is dangerous,” I say, shifting the lid on my cup back and forth.
“Why?”  She isn’t judging, just listening.  I sigh.
“Just a feeling,” I tell her, because there isn’t any other way to explain it.  “It’s more than a cross or the church.  She scares me.”  I think a moment.  “She scares Ithy too.”
Don’t call me that, Ithinara demands.  She’s always hated when I call her Ithy; it’s what I nicknamed her as a child, when I thought there was a chance she wasn’t real.  And I’m not scared of her.
Liar, I think.  “Do you know much about her?”
“Well,” starts Beth, “she’s kind of a recluse at church.  Her brother does most of the socializing, but she’s always seemed nice.  I’ve never seen her nephew there though; I think he lived with his mother or something somewhere else.  She has been…”
“What?”
“I don’t know how to explain it,” says Beth, “Nico Steele has always been like, a hard core believer.  I mean, most people in my church don’t believe in literal demons, just the ones we create with alcohol and all that; nobody thinks about it much.  But I always had the feeling that Nico truly believes in them.”
“What are you saying?” I whisper.  The hot coffee in my hands doesn’t seem as appetizing as it normally would.  I feel sick, for very different reasons than a cross or a church.
“When we did that exorcism a few years ago…I had asked my Dad where I might find the proper words to use, but he didn’t know.”  She pauses and takes a deep breath.  “I lied and said it was for a school project, and the person that told me where to find the words was Nico.”
I crush the cup in my hands, coffee spilling onto me and the car.  The heat is nothing compared to what I’ve felt before, and it’s hard to see out the windshield.  My vision is blurry and it’s hard to breathe.
“Willa,” Beth calls as I leap from the car, “are you okay?  Willa?”
I don’t slam the door shut like I should, and Beth doesn’t care at all that I just dumped an entire cup of coffee into her immaculate convertible.  She just rushes to my side as I fall to my knees and is careful not to touch me.
“I’m so sorry,” she says, over and over and over again.  “I never thought anything of it back then, I was just so happy to have found the right words.  And—and then it didn’t work—and when we ran into her I just didn’t really—”
“It’s okay,” I say, “it’s okay.”  I’m not sure if I’m talking to Beth or myself.
“It’s not okay,” Beth says, “it’s so not okay.  You almost died because of her.”
Have you figured it out yet? Ithinara asks, a hint of a laugh in her tone.
“Figured what out?” I ask back.  I hold a finger up to Beth.
What Nico Steele is.
I shake my head.  Beth looks confused but says nothing.  Together we stand, and when she sees I’m speaking with Ithinara she goes to clean up her car.  I question, “What is she?”
Ithinara chuckles, dark and secretive.  She’s been hiding the truth from me this entire time.
You’re scared of her because I live within you.
“What is she?” I repeat.
She can sense what you are.
“What is she?”  I almost scream the words to the darkening sky.
Ithinara whispers one word.  Hunter.



Chapter 4

When I leave Beth and return home I’m desperate to find out what Ithinara meant when she’d said Nico Steele was a hunter.  Of course I realize that she is a hunter of demons, but that seems so out there that I don’t want to believe it.  Ithinara teases me on what I choose to believe and not believe.  She isn’t giving me answers anymore, so I search online.
There’s too many role-playing websites and television shows cluttering up the internet that I can’t tell what’s supposed to be true and what’s supposed to be a game.  I hate that people think watching someone being possessed by a demon is entertainment.
After a long while I finally find a forum that seems serious, with no mention of games or shows or books.  A person is asking what they would do if actually possessed by a demon.  I scan through the answers looking for any mention of a hunter until I find one response: “You can’t do anything; when a demon takes over you will have no control over your body, and in some cases even your thoughts.  You just have to pray to God that a hunter will find you and kill you to end your suffering.”
I swallow audibly and reread the words while Ithinara hums in my head.  It’s easy to pretend like she isn’t there, and I click on the screen-name that commented about hunters.  Every other post on the forum was about how ridiculous demon possession is.
When I get to the profile of whomever commented I notice they don’t give their real name.  I only have the screen-name CleanSpiritz, and a brief blurb about someone claiming they can destroy the devil within.  They seem like a true believer, but don’t give their location other than North America.
And then I realize what I’m doing.
I’m on an obscure forum on the internet trying to find out if my new volleyball coach is a demon hunter that wants to kill me.  Even though there’s a demon in my head, it sounds ridiculous.  I begin to think Ithinara was just messing with me, and I hear her giggle.
I bite my lower lip and shake my head.  “I’m an idiot.”
There is no way Nico Steele is a demon hunter, because if she is I would have been dead, or maybe saved, long ago.  She’s lived in Hollow’s Point at least since my “exorcism”, so how could she not have found me?  My instincts are lying to me, and I’m exhausted.
I go to bed, humming Ithinara’s strange tune.

The next morning I’m feeling better, and Beth calls early just to check up on me.  I tell her the truth, and that I’m certain that Nico is not a danger to me; but she brings up the point of volleyball.  After taking some time to think, I decide that I really am going to quit.  It’s my senior year, and I should focus on my grades.
When I tell Dad he thinks it’s a good idea.  He says, “Just make sure you actually focus on your grades and not some boy.”
I roll my eyes, listening to Ithinara snicker.  “I think I’m safe from any boys, Dad.  Have you seen one around here?”
He gives me a stern look from behind his newspaper.  “It’s bound to happen sooner or later.”
Neither of us is mentioning last night, and I want to apologize for my behaviour but find I can’t do it.  Guilt settles in my stomach, but I continue to joke about boys.  “You sound like Delilah; she’s determined to find me a boyfriend this year.”
“Well when she finds someone tell her to send him to me first,” Dad says, “I’ll be sure to straighten him out.”
A car honks from the driveway and I recognize it as Beth.  I furrow my brow and set my cereal bowl into the sink and turn to look out the front window.  Beth never picks me up at the house.
“That’s strange,” Dad says, “is it Beth?”
“Yeah,” I confirm, “I guess I’m going to school a little early.”
We say our goodbyes and I hurry to meet my friends; Beth looks like she got no sleep while Delilah sits happily in the front seat.  The top is down so I jump into the back.  “What are you two doing here so early?”
“Just thought you might want to get to school early and talk to Coach Henderson,” Beth says, but I feel it’s a lie.  Her cross is around her neck and I notice she has a bracelet on featuring Jesus and more crosses.  I spooked her last night, and the guilt within me grows.
Delilah doesn’t notice anything.  “Are we going shopping this weekend for dresses?”
“I’m free tomorrow,” I say.
“Sounds good,” Beth agrees, and we jet off towards school.
When we arrive I tell Delilah I’ll meet her in Creative Writing; I want to get quitting volleyball over with fast, hoping Nico isn’t the one I have to talk to.  Finding Coach Henderson’s classroom, also known as Chemistry, I see she’s with Nico and the class is devoid of students.
I knock hesitantly on the door, swallowing my fear.  “Coach?”
Both women look over.  Nico is standing between me and Coach Henderson and I wish she would just go away.  I don’t really care to explain to her why I’m quitting, and the sickness swells in my stomach.
“Come in Queen,” Coach tells me, “we’re just discussing grading.”
“Um,” I begin, “I’m not sure how to say this but I need to quit the volleyball team.”
Coach Henderson’s eyebrows raise, but Nico remains still.  She looks to Coach.
“Why do you want to quit?” Coach asks.  “You’re one of our best players.”
“I just really want to focus on my grades this year,” I explain quickly, hoping they would buy my lie.  “I’m trying to get into a few difficult schools and I just really need to stay on track.”
I can see Coach trying to decide if she should argue with me, and she tries.  “Schools love seeing extracurricular activities on a resume; are you sure you want to take that away?”
She makes an annoyingly good point.  I glance at Nico who is just watching our conversation.  Sweat begins to form on my forehead and I begin to tap my fingers against my leg.  I’ve never felt so nervous before.  “My grades are really suffering right now,” I lie, “I’m sorry; I’d love to stay on but I just don’t think it would be in my best interest.”
Coach sighs.  “If that’s how you feel Willa.  If you ever want back on the team just ask, okay?”
“Okay.”
And just like that I lose another thing I love.  I never thought I would miss Coach calling me by my last name.

By the time I make it to Creative Writing it feels as if there’s a weight on my shoulders.  Relieving myself of volleyball was supposed to make me feel better but now there’s a hole in my chest.  Had I really loved it that much?  I tell myself the hurt will go away with time.
Delilah is sitting in the last row with Albert in front of her.  The only empty seats are now on the far left, by the door and I don’t bother to question why she didn’t save a seat for me; she and Albert are holding hands beneath the desks.
She does send me a sympathetic smile as I sit down and I just shrug when she asks how it went.  My head rests in my hands, too heavy to stay up on its own.
It’s only a silly sport, Ithinara says, who cares?
“I care,” I mutter, and nobody around me notices.  The idle chatter is particularly loud today and I start listening in.  Everyone is talking about the new kid; Cain Steele.  I groan and bury my head in my arms; I’d completely forgotten about him.
Ithinara laughs.  Change, change, change, she chants.
“I hate change,” I mutter, and again nobody notices.  At least I thought nobody did.
“What’s wrong with change?” a deep voice questions.  I open my eyes and look up to find the seat in front of me is now occupied by someone I don’t recognize.  He’s turned around to face me, his hand resting on the back of the chair.  A silver cross ring sits on his middle finger.
Cain Steele.
“Pardon?” I stutter.
“Why do you hate change?” he asks.  I look into his eyes, a strange mix of green and grey.  His dark hair is unkempt and curls just past his ears where I see a cross tattoo.  I groan internally; what’s with all the holy symbols?
I ignore his question and say, “Class is starting.”
Luckily the bell rings, and he furrows his brow at me before turning to face the front.  My face feels red, and my stomach flutters.  I look at Delilah who was probably watching us the entire time and she raises her eyebrows to ask a silent question.  She mouths, “Sick?”
I go to answer when I realize I don’t feel sick at all.  Despite the silver cross ring and tattoo on his neck, Cain Steele does not give me the same feeling as Nico.  He does not scare me.
Suddenly my day looks a whole lot better.

We’re still working on poetry in Creative Writing, and Mr. Diaz has to keep telling students to keep their eyes forward; people keep sneaking glances at Cain.  I have to admit I am doing the same, but it’s much easier for me to stare since he’s sitting directly in front of me.
Cain has wide shoulders and looks like he would be bullied for wearing too much black.  With the cross tattoo I would bet he gets called Goth a lot, and I wonder if it gives him trouble.  He’s the first guy I’ve seen in Hollow’s Point that wears jewelry that isn’t a wedding ring.  None of the males in my school would ever do that.
“Miss Queen would you please pay attention to the subject matter rather than the back of Mr. Steele’s head?” I hear someone say.  I look away from Cain just as he turns to glance at me and find all eyes are on me, including Mr. Diaz.  He’s sending me a glare.
“I—uh,” I stammer, unable to find any words.  “I wasn’t—”
“Pay attention,” Mr. Diaz orders and I nod as I slide further down my chair.  My face is beating and I imagine very red, but thankfully Cain doesn’t react.  Not that I can see anyway.
The rest of class I’m careful not to look at Cain, but it’s tempting.  I’ve never been tempted to look at something so much, and I wonder if Ithinara has anything to do with it.
Stop blaming me for your sad human feelings, Ithinara scoffs.
Okay, maybe not.  I wonder why she feels Nico is dangerous and not Cain until I remind myself that it was her version of a practical joke.  I remember Beth said Cain doesn’t go to church and I tell myself that Nico is more connected to her religion which is why she makes me sick and scared.  Cain clearly doesn’t have that connection if he doesn’t go to church…but he does wear a cross.  I wonder if his tattoo would burn me.
In what situation would you be touching it? Ithinara asks.  I blush again, an image coming to mind from Ithinara.  She denies sending it, but I know it was her even though she hasn’t sent me images in years.
Delilah pulls me aside in the hallway to interrogate me.  “Is it like with,”—she glances over her shoulder—“like with her?”
I shake my head.  “There’s nothing at all.  Not even from his tattoo.”
“Tattoo?” Delilah asks.
I tell her about the cross on his neck.  She says, “Well, that’s good then right?  It means that whatever you feel,”—another glance over the shoulder—“with her is like a one-time thing.”
I agree.  Suddenly Delilah’s worried demeanor turns sly.  “So is Mistah Steele a candidate for Operation King?”
I blink.  “Huh?”
“You were staring at him all through class,” Delilah laughs and swats me.  “Is he the one I should focus on for finding you a boyfriend?”
“Why is finding me a boyfriend called Operation King?”
“Finding the King to your Queen, duh.”  Delilah rolls her eyes as if that should have been obvious to me.  I debate about my feelings towards Cain, and decide having him as a boyfriend would be terrible; he wears a cross and is related to Nico.  It would never work out.
You never know, teases Ithinara.
I decide it’s time to change the subject.  “So you and Albert are dating again?”
Delilah’s face scrunches up with what I think is disgust.  “We’re seeing each other, not dating.”
I gesture to start walking to our next classes; I have Calculus and she has Business, but they’re side by side.  Somewhere down another hallway Beth is in English and we won’t see her until lunch.  “Aren’t seeing each other and dating the same thing?”
“Dating sounds so exclusive,” Delilah whines, “I don’t want to be tied down.  I’ll see you when you’re done Calc?”
I can’t tell if she’s saying this because Albert was the one to break up with her, or she really doesn’t want to be tied to one person.  Either way I don’t know what to say, so I ask, “Are you not going to class?”
She shakes her head and starts walking down another hallway.  I stop as she grins.  “I have other plans.”  Her eyes dart to the left and I follow to find Cain approaching me.
“Did she say you have Calculus next, with Ms. Welch?” he asks me.  I freeze, my mind trying to figure out what’s going on.  I’m not sure how Delilah has done it, but I’m sure this is her handiwork.
“Uh, yeah,” I say.
“Can you show me?” he asks.  “I’m still trying to find my way around.”
I nod nervously.  “Sure, it’s just upstairs.”  I point to the nearby staircase and we start walking.  I’m a foot ahead of him, and it feels awkward.  When we reach the top he takes a large step and walks beside me, forcing anyone coming down the stairs to move aside for him.  They don’t seem to mind, and go about their day normally.
“I wasn’t staring at you in class,” I blurt.  “I was just sort of spacing out and it happened to be in the direction of your head.”
He laughs.  “I figured.  What’s your name?”
“Willa,” I answer.  I don’t know what to say again, I just want to make sure he knows I really wasn’t thinking about him all through class.  Even though I was.
“Cain,” he says with a smile.  It seems out of place on him and he reaches his hand towards me to shake; the hand with his cross ring.  I flinch back.
“Sorry, I don’t—ah…I’m not comfortable touching people so casually,” I quickly lie.  I catch his smile turn into a smirk, but he lowers his hand just as we reach the classroom door.  “This is it.  And sorry about the hand shaking thing—I’m just—”
“Not comfortable touching,” he repeats.  “It’s cool, I get it.”
I’m nodding my head too much and force myself to stop.  Without saying another word I hurry into class and take my usual seat by the window, and Cain sits behind me.  I feel like he’s watching me as I had watched him, tit for tat.  There’s only a few other people in class and nothing to distract me from my paranoid thoughts.  I keep thinking Cain is staring right at me, so I take out my notes and read over the homework.
He taps my shoulder.  My back straightens and slowly I turn to find Cain looking directly at me.  He asks, “What have you been working on here?”
I can’t even remember.  Calculus is my worst subject, and lately I’d been so focused on Nico Steele that I lost track of class.  I say, “Just recapping last year, I guess.”  It sounds like it’s plausible.  
“Right, thanks.”  He doesn’t sound like he means it, but then again I gave him a terrible answer.
I’m grateful when the class fills with other students and the bell rings.  Cain Steele doesn’t talk to me for the rest of class, but Ithinara tells me that he is watching.



Chapter 5

Delilah blindsides me after school with a surprise group date.  I’m certain this is why she skipped her second class, and I don’t have time to get out of it.  I end up going with her, Beth, Joseph, Albert, and Cain to the frozen yogurt shop downtown.  Thankfully I wasn’t alone in the car with Cain, but it was nerve-racking to sit in the backseat of Beth’s convertible with him.
I order a smoothie rather than yogurt, and we all sit in a booth by the window.  It’s tight but we manage to fit, and I’m squished between Delilah and Cain, directly across from Joseph.  I’m nervous of Cain’s ring as it’s dangerously close to my leg but I notice he keeps a one inch distance between us.  Maybe my earlier lie is actually working.
“So how is it switching from being an Eagle to a Tiger?” Beth asks Cain.
He shrugs, the movement making his shirt sleeve brush against me.  I’m wearing a long sleeve shirt, but it still tickles.  He says, “I was never really an Eagle; I was there for about a week before transferring.”
“Why’s that?” Joseph asks.  He tries to be casual as he stretches an arm behind Beth.  There isn’t enough room and he ends up putting his hand on Albert’s shoulder.  They both flinch away from each other, surprised.  Delilah, Ithinara and I snicker.
“I lived here when I was a kid,” Cain says, “but moved away when my mom’s father died.  We were only supposed to be gone a couple weeks, but we ended up staying out in Alberta until now.  We just moved back over the summer and the school records got messed up.  I ended up at Highland when I was supposed to be going to Wayward.”
“So you didn’t transfer with Nico?” I ask.  It only occurs to me now how strange it was that they came into Wayward at the same time.  Ithinara says it’s suspicious since it wasn’t long after my volleyball game at Highland, and paranoia creeps up through my spine.
Cain swirls his yogurt.  “Just a coincidence.  I’m like sixty per cent sure she didn’t transfer because I did.”  He laughs, it’s a joke.  I force a laugh but it comes out strangled.  Delilah elbows me in the ribs.
“I need to use the washroom,” I announce, “do you mind?”
Cain nods and stands to let me out.  I slide out of the seat with Delilah joining me; she sends a look to Beth and Beth says, “I think I’ll go too.”
The bathroom is brightly lit and empty.  I lean against the sink while Beth uses a stall, and Delilah pouts at me.  “What’s going on?”
“Nothing, he just…makes me nervous.”  It’s the truth but Delilah misinterprets it as romantic feelings.   It’s more feelings of gee-I-hope-he-isn’t-a-demon-hunter.
If he is, he isn’t very good, Ithinara tells me.
Delilah lights up.  “So you like him?  Good!  I think he likes you too; Albert said he was staring at you all through Calculus.”
“Albert’s in my Calculus class?”
“Oh my God, that’s what you focus on?”  Delilah sighs.  “I think he likes you, too.”
“There is no ‘too’ here,” I say.  “And I doubt it would ever work between us.”
“Why not?”
“Oh, I don’t know, maybe because I happen to have a demon possessing me and he wears a cross ring and is related to a possible demon hunter?”  I can’t stop myself from changing my mind every five seconds.  One moment I believe Nico is just a regular religious woman and the next I see her as a badass demon killer.  And there’s no way I want her in my life.
Delilah looks confused.  “Demon hunter?”
“Ithinara says that Nico is a demon hunter,” I explain, silently adding sort of.
“That’s stupid,” Delilah declares as Beth comes out of the stall and washes her hand.  “Nico is totally not a demon hunter; otherwise she’s the worst hunter ever.  There’s been a demon living in you for fourteen years and she hasn’t noticed it?”
One of the very points I made comes back to me.  “He wears a cross.”
“And it can come off; just tell him you don’t like religion or something.”  Delilah waves my worries away but they still stay within me, much like Ithinara.  Beth is quiet the entire time, obviously not wanting to get in the middle of our argument.  I think she agrees with Delilah.
We make our way back to the boys and take our seats.  The afternoon goes well, though I’m careful to watch Cain’s ring.  I think I’m in the clear when he says, “I have to get going; do any of you need a ride towards Hatt street?”
“Willa does,” declares Delilah.  I grind my teeth and send her a look that she ignores.  “Willa lives on Hatt street, don’t you Willa?”
“Technically,” I reply.
“Do you want a lift?” Cain asks me.  Delilah is already pushing me out of the booth and trying to appear casual.  I agree to let him drive me home.  Maybe I would get lucky and Dad would be there to scare him off.
I can scare him off, Ithinara says, if you’d let me out.
“Are you sure it’s not out of your way?” I ask.
He shrugs.  “I live on the corner of Hatt and Westward.”
Oh, great, he lives on my street.  How had I not noticed that?  Delilah is already in action, apparently taking Operation King to the next level.  “Maybe you could drive her to school on Monday; Beth won’t be able to.”
I stand and send her a glare but she just keeps smiling as if she’s doing nothing wrong.  Beth perks up and asks, “What will I be—ow!”  A thump under the table tells me Delilah gave her a kick.  “I mean, okay then.”  She pouts and pretends to look out the window at something.
“That’s fine,” Cain says, “I really do need to leave now though; family things to get to.”
“Sure,” I stammer, “great.”
He holds an arm out to let me lead the way, and as we step outside the sun is still hanging in the sky.  I’m not sure which car is his, and he points to a two door Jeep.  Cain actually opens the passenger door for me.
As I sit in the front seat I see that he has an air freshener in the shape of a pine tree hanging on the rear view mirror.  He seems very casual about me being there, and driving someone he just met home.  I try not to stare at him and look to Delilah who is grinning and giving me the thumbs up.  I can’t figure out why she thinks I like Cain so much.
The door slams hard and I jump.  Cain says, “Sorry, did I scare you?”
Not as much as Nico, I think.  “No, it’s fine.”
His jeep sputters to life, barely, and we drive out of the parking lot.  The drive is only a few minutes long but there’s  no conversation between us and it feels like ten years have passed by the time he stops in front of my house.  I thank him quickly and hurry out of the car, feeling like he was just as uncomfortable as I was.
He waits for me to go inside and I hear him drive away as I shut the door.  A realization hits me, giving me that same fear Nico always did.
I never told him which house was mine.

He knows your address, Ithinara says, I wonder why.
I tell her he probably saw me leave one day over the summer, that it’s just coincidence.  Delilah could have said something to him, and they could have planned on him driving me home. 
Why was he so quiet then? she asks me.  If he liked you he would have said something.
I stare at my reflection in the bathroom mirror while Dad waits a few minutes to ask me who it was that dropped me off.  He’s pacing in the hallway and I just roll my eyes.  “Delilah planned it,” I tell him through the door.  “His name is Cain Steele and he’s new in school; I have him in Creative Writing and Calculus.”
“I never asked,” Dad says, feigning innocence.  
“You didn’t have to.”  I open the door to find him staring at a photo on the wall, scratching at the stubble on his chin.  “You don’t have to pretend.”
He faces me.  “Do you like him?  Should I be worried?”
Dad never did know how to talk to me about boys, but I don’t think he has anything to worry about when it comes to Cain.  
Unless he’s worried Cain will throw holy water on you, Ithinara laughs.  Part of me agrees with her.  After all, that’s what I’ve been worried about, right?  I can’t seem to decide if the Steele’s are a family of demon hunters or not.  My gut says yes, but my head says no.
“You should not be,” I tell Dad.  “Delilah was just getting ahead of herself.”
He grimaces and ruffles my hair, something he usually does when he doesn’t know what to do.
Might? Ithinara mocks.  You like him; I can feel your heartbeat remember.
My chest flutters and face flushes lightly.  I quickly fuss with my hair and tell Dad I need to go to the library and do a little research for a history project.  Thankfully he offers to pick me up later, and not drive me there as well.  I make a quick escape.



Chapter 6

I bravely survive my morning classes, no thanks to my friends.  Beth insists I’m paranoid, and Delilah insists my feelings of unease and fear have to do with actually liking Cain.  When Ithinara starts to chime in I don’t know what to think anymore; maybe I really do like Cain.  I glance around my History class and notice a lot of the girls are talking about him.  
“Isn’t he so dark?” one asks.  “He looks so cool; I bet he rides a motorcycle when he’s not in that Jeep.”
Another girl rolls her eyes.  “Have you talked to him?  He’s in my biology class and he’s nice.  So not a bad boy.”
The first girl pouts and I feel it’s time to stop listening in.  Is Cain nice?  I guess he is; I was probably too panicked to notice any kindness he showed me.  He did drive me home yesterday…
And he knows where you live, Ithinara says, isn’t that interesting?
I don’t reply and merely purse my lips.  Ithinara was not going to make me start debating whether Cain is a demon hunter or not.  Not in class, not today.  I inhale deeply and hope the bell rings soon. Instead I get Cain Steel walking into the room.  
My breath catches.  He still doesn’t scare me like Nico does, but there’s a hint of something there.  The hairs on my arms raise when he looks at me, directly at me, and smiles.  My stomach flutters.
I can feel Ithinara mentally rolling her eyes.
“Is this seat taken?” Cain asks, pointing beside me.  I shake my head and he sits there, casual.
“I didn’t think you were taking history,” I say, trying to figure out what was going on.  Is he purposefully taking every class I’m in?  Is he doing this to try and draw out Ithinara?  I curse myself, already beginning to debate the issue.
Cain shrugs.  “There was a mess-up with my transcripts or something,” he says, “they had me in Chemistry but I’ve already taken it.  So here I am.”
“Lucky me,” I mutter.
As the bell finally rings the girls that had been talking about Cain notice his arrival and start to talk to him.  I keep my attention on the front of the class, impatiently awaiting Ms. Coyne, the history teacher, to arrive.  But I feel as if Cain is watching me, and risk a peek at him.  He isn’t, and that makes me feel worse.
I told you, Ithinara says.  My chest is starting to hurt, just a bit, and the teacher has yet to arrive.  Quickly packing up my notebook I race out of the room, hoping to find some fresh air somewhere.
There’s a group of boys in front of the doors leading outside, and I decide it’s worth the trouble.  It’s so hard to breathe in here!  I walk past them as one says, “Where you going?”
“Outside,” I answer.  Ithinara is making my blood boil, though she denies it again.  I can feel her in my arms, ready to snap at any chance the boys gives her.  Getting a closer look at the four, I can see they’re the ones that cause the most trouble in school.   One of them had been suspended for bringing a knife, another for allegedly trying hitting a teacher.  I shouldn’t have come this way.
“We were about to go have some fun,” one says, holding two fingers to his lips as if puffing a joint.  “Wanna join?”
I lick my lips.  “No thanks.”  I try to get past when he grabs my arm above the elbow.
“Come on,” he prods, “we’ll play nice.”
“I said no,” I growl and try to shove him away.  Unfortunately it works too well.  The boy goes flying back into the lockers, leaving a dent as he connects.  The bang is so loud I want to cover my ears, and two of the other boys do.
“What the fu—”
“What’s going on down there?” Ms. Coyne calls.  We all turn to see her coming down the hallway, fury in her eyes.  Behind her is Cain, and he isn’t looking at me like he should.  He should be worried, or curious, but he just looks…
Calculating, Ithinara finishes.  
The boy I hit groans and looks up with a blank expression, his eyes not really seeing anything.
“What’s wrong with your eyes?” he mumbles.  “What are you?”
I don’t even know anymore.  The door is still open, and I take my chance to run outside.  It isn’t my best option, I know that, but my flight instinct has always overpowered my fight.
Outside I can finally breathe, but running is making it harder.  When I round a corner I duck behind a tree, backpack falling to the ground.  A hand goes over my pumping heart, and I try to use the rhythm to calm me down.
“Why did you do that?” I ask.  “Why?”
He touched you, Ithinara answers, I didn’t like it.
“What do you care who touches me?”  I feel like I’m about to cry.  Everything is so confusing.  I’m supposed to hate Ithinara, loathe her because she wants me to kill for her, but then she goes and does this.  She protects me.  The human Nico terrifies me.  I can’t tell who’s good and who’s bad anymore.
Everyone is both, Ithinara says.
“That doesn’t make sense,” I whisper.
“What doesn’t make sense?” a voice asks.  I almost scream as I jump away from the tree, Cain’s face appearing beside me.  He’s a little red, and breathing heavier than he should.  Did he run after me?  He looks too normal, too in control of his breath to have been running…but he never would have caught up so quickly if he hadn’t run.
“Everything,” I say.  You, I think.
Cain comes around and leans against the tree, his hands in his pockets.  “Did you toss that guy into the locker?”
“No,” I quickly lie.  “I mean I pushed him…but he grabbed me and I just…”
“Yeah, I didn’t think so,” he says, “they clearly smoked one too many.”  He offers me his hand, the one with the cross ring on it.  “The teacher was worried about you so she sent me.  Wanna go back and ease her mind?”
I stare at his hand and already feel the burn of the cross as if it were on my flesh.  When I realize I’m staring I force myself to look into his eyes, and he’s watching me.  Always with that same unwavering gaze.
“I’m going home,” I declare, “but you can tell Ms. Coyne I’m fine.  I’ll get my dad to call or something.”
Cain doesn’t seem to like that answer, but he lowers his hand.  “Do you want me to take you?  My car is—”
“It’s fine.”  I grab my backpack and haul it over my shoulder.  “I don’t live too far from here.”
He knows that, Ithinara says.
“It’s a five minute drive,” Cain argues and begins to follow me as I walk down the sidewalk.  My legs feel like wet noodles, and my arms feel stiff.  It’s hard to keep my composure.
“I need the walk,” I lie, “to calm down.  Please, just…go away.”
Cain flinches and stops.  “If that’s what you want.”
I can’t hear his footsteps over my own as he heads back to school.

Dad is a mixture of fury and worry when he gets home.  It’s only been half an hour since I tossed someone into the lockers hard enough to leave a dent, and he’s already here.  I’m lying on the couch awaiting my punishment.
“Are you okay?” he asks.  “What did you do?  What did he do?”
“What were you told?” I ask back.
“That you got into a fight with some drug users and somehow one ended up in the hospital.”
I sit up straight and look at him over the back of the couch.  Did I actually end up sending someone to the hospital?
Don’t underestimate your strength, Ithinara says.
“I’m fine,” I tell Dad, “I just panicked after and left.”  I mention that Cain found me and tried to help.  Ithinara scoffs at the thought of Cain genuinely helping me.
“Right, that boy,” Dad murmurs.  He comes around and sits on the coffee table in front of me, taking my hands into his.  “You’re okay?”
I nod.  “Yup.”
Dad wraps his arms around me and gives me a tight hug, and I give him one back.  It’s the same kind of hug he used to give me as a child after Mom died; desperate.  When I was a kid I found it comforting, now I realize it’s his way of showing he’s scared.  I hate myself for making him feel that way, but it’s nothing new.  I’ve always scared him.
He takes a deep breath and lets me go.  “I’m going to have a damn long conversation with your principal about what happened, just you wait.”
I try to stop him, but it doesn’t work.
The boys get expelled the same day, after having so many marks on their record, and it’s all because I couldn’t handle Ithinara.

That evening Beth and Delilah come over in a panic.
“What happened?” Beth asks.  “We heard you were attacked!”
“I heard you were in the hospital,” Delilah tells me.  “And you went all karate-kid on someone.”
I usher them to my room so Dad doesn’t hear the truth.  As I slam my door I say, “I’m fine.  Ithinara sort of…helped.”  I can’t think of a better word to use.
“She helped?” Beth asks, appalled.  
I explain what happened, and after careful consideration I mention how Cain followed me.  Delilah is giddy, but Beth still seems worried.  None of us question exactly why Ithinara did what she did, because I bet she did it to create chaos.  It worked wonderfully, and helped destroy four lives in the process.  Five if you count mine.
Their lives were on the path to destruction before I got there, Ithinara says.  Did you know one of those boys has killed already?
I don’t think about it.  Instead I say, “I can’t keep sitting around and waiting to find out if the Steele’s are hunters or not.  I need to know.”
“Because you like Cain?” Delilah asks, annoyingly giddy.
I try to deny it, but I can’t.  Maybe I don’t have that undeniable love that’s so intense I can’t stop thinking about him, or that I dream about him or something, but I like him.  There’s something about Cain I’m attracted to.
It’s the hunter’s charm, Ithinara say, all demons are drawn to hunters.
“What’s that?” I ask.
Delilah begins to repeat the question until I hold a finger to her lips.  “Hunter’s charm?”
Ithinara sighs.  Those that are touched by the unholy have an attraction to those with the light.  Like Beth.
“Beth isn’t a hunter,” I say loudly.  My friend flinches.
There’s laughter in my head.  My mouth gapes.  “Beth?”
“What?”  Delilah is looking between us.  It takes her a moment to put everything together, and I’m not sure I’m quite there yet.  “B,” Delilah says, “you’re a hunter?”



Chapter 7

The world is spinning, because Beth doesn’t answer right away.  She plays with the cross around her neck, as if praying for an answer to come to her.  It’s what she always does when she doesn’t want to admit just how uncomfortable Ithinara makes her.
“It’s so much more complicated than you know,” Beth says.  “There’s an oath; I can’t tell anyone.”
“Least of all someone like me?” I guess.  “Have you been hunting me this entire time?  Were you just waiting for me to do something so you have a reason to run back to your parents?  Would they congratulate you for dealing with me for so long?”
“It isn’t like that,” cries Beth.  “I swear!  Will, I just—I’m not a hunter.  My family is!  I have nothing to do with that stuff because I know the truth.  Because I know you.”
I flinch.  Delilah is flicking her eyes between us, not taking sides.  I just accused my best friend of hunting me, of waiting for me to do something so she could kill me.  Even as the words left my mouth I regretted them, but how could I think differently?
“Why didn’t you say anything?”
“Because I wanted to protect you,” she says.  “I thought that maybe if I made sure you didn’t find out that there were a bunch of hunters in town you wouldn’t be scared.”  She shrugs.  “It worked, didn’t it?”
I look away, tears welling in my eyes as I bite down on my lips.  “Yeah, it did.”
Until Nico found you.
“What about Nico?” I ask.
“She’s a hunter,” Beth confirms, sitting down beside Delilah on the bed.  “She’s lived here all her life, and from what I hear her family wanted Cain to have a more normal life.”  She pauses.
“What is it?” I ask.
Beth shakes her head.  “There’s something odd about Cain, something just a little off.  They’ve never talked about him before—he just sort of showed up.”
“What do you mean he just showed up?” Delilah questions, leaning back on the bed to appear as casual as she could.  “People don’t just show up.”
“Cain did.”  Beth looks between us.  “Nico and her family mentioned him once or twice, but a few years ago they just sort of stopped.  I never thought about it until I found out he was coming to Wayward.”
“So you think he’s a hunter too?”
“He knows about demons,” Beth says.  “But I don’t think he’s a hunter.”
“So you’re saying Willa is good to date him?” Delilah jumps forward on the bed, bouncing Beth into the air.  
“Dating Cain is not my first priority, Del,” I say.  I still can’t move anywhere, though my legs feel like jelly.  I can’t bring myself to get closer to Beth.
“I think it might be?” Beth suggests.  Her hands are clasped together and she’s wincing in my direction.  I gape.  “Let me explain,” she says quickly.  “I think Cain is more like me—he understands that demons are evil, but not all people possessed are evil.”
I furrow my brow.
“I was just thinking that getting close to Cain might be a good idea.”
“An excellent idea,” Delilah cuts in.  “My idea, by the way.”
“How could dating a demon hunter help me?” 
“Just for a little while,” Beth says.  “It could throw Nico off, get rid of her suspicions.  Demons can sense hunters, and they avoid them.  Getting close to Cain would be the opposite of what a demon would do.”
Hmm, Ithinara hums, I like this idea.
“What about the hunter’s charm?” I wonder.  “What if they find out?”
“It’s only Nico,” Beth says.  “And I’m getting close to finding a way to get rid of Ithinara, I am!  I just need some time, and if you keep avoiding Nico like you are she’ll figure it out.”  Beth stands, her eyes watery and red.  “Please, Willa, I’m so close.  If Nico takes you—she’ll tell my dad and then—Will you have no idea.”
My heart is in pieces.  Millions of tiny shards stab at me and make me wonder just how far Beth has gone to make sure her family didn’t kill me.  How often they must have wondered why I refused to go to church, or even visit my own mother’s grave.  How often she had to lie to them, and how much that must have hurt her.
“Beth,” I croak.  “I’m sorry.”
“I’m sorry, too,” she says.
I’m sorry I have to listen to this, Ithinara groans.  Are you going to date the Steele boy now?  There’s something in her voice that tells me she likes the idea.
Beth and I can’t hug, because her cross will burn me.  So Delilah and her stand, and we do a group hug that protects me from the silver.  A tear rolls down my cheek, and I sniff away the rest.
“So you want to do this?” Beth asks.  “We’ll find a way to get rid of her?  For good?”
I nod.  We’d gotten so comfortable with her, she wasn’t doing anything.  But now she constantly badgers me to start killing, and I just can’t handle itanymore.  Not with Nico and Cain so close by, watching me.
“I do,” I say.  “No more complacency.  Let’s do it!”
Ithinara hisses inside my head.  Fools.  You will do as I wish.
“So I can go full blown crazy on Operation King?” Delilah squeals.

I can’t believe what I’ve agreed to as I sit down to dinner with Beth and Delilah.  We decided to go out to eat, their attempt at convincing my dad that I’m okay.  Maybe I am, because how different is my life now than before?  Not very.
I am still possessed.
There are still demon hunters in town.  But now I know they’re here, and I know how to handle them.  I just have to act normal.
Sitting with Beth and Delilah at the restaurant downtown makes me feel normal again, or at least as close as I’ll ever get.  It reminds me that the demon is not my entire life, and that I still have a chance at normal.
I wonder what Beth’s life has been like, growing up with demon hunters.  Did it ever cross her mind to tell them about me? 
You think she hasn’t already told them? Ithinara suggests.  Really?
No, I tell her silently.  Beth wants to help me.  She’s been protecting me this entire time; I can’t doubt her now.
I’ve been protecting you, Ithinara says, for more years that you’ve been alive.
I shake my head, hoping she’ll leave me alone for a while.  Ithinara did save me once, but at what cost?  I still wasn’t even sure what had happened that night, only what I was told.
The menu is cold beneath my fingers as I browse its many choices.  Beth has already decided and sets her own menu on the edge, waiting for Delilah and me to finish.  It feels like she’s watching me, so I glance up to see her staring at others in the restaurant.  She flinches.
I follow her gaze to the front door where I see Cain and Nico walk inside, with a young girl beside them.  She can’t be much older than four, and she holds both their hands as they swing her to a stop by the hostess.  Cain is smiling wide, creating small wrinkles beside his eyes.  It’s how I can tell he’s actually happy.  I’m not sure how I can feel so close to someone when I barely know them.
“Do you want to go?” Delilah asks.  “I know Operation King is going full force, but with her here…”  Delilah shrugs as I turn back around.
Determination takes over.  “No,” I say.  “It’s fine.  Beth, you’re right, I can’t hide anymore.”
Beth bites her lower lip and her hand raises to touch her cross but she stops herself.  Soon she nods, and Delilah suggestively wiggles her eyebrows.  “So I can invite him over then?” she asks.
“No,” I say, “it looks like a family dinner.”  I look over my shoulder again at them, and follow them as the hostess brings them to the other side of the restaurant.  I sigh, relieved.  As quickly as my determination had come, it left.
“I think I’ll join the volleyball team again,” I mention, pretending like there wasn’t a demon hunter watching me from across the room.  Because she is; I can feel Nico’s eyes on me, drifting over my skin like an acidic mist.
“That’s great,” Delilah exclaims.  “I need more excuses to skip class.  The teachers would never buy me wanting to see a game to cheer for the school.”
“Thanks for the support.”  I laugh, and my eyes slide easily towards Cain.  I see him quickly look away, to the little girl with him.  Was he watching me?
I blush slightly, and go back to hiding behind the menu until the waiter shows up.  Ithinara is telling me that Cain is watching me because he’s hunting me, and so is Nico.  I remind her that she said she liked the idea of me dating Cain earlier, and flinch.
Why would Ithinara like the idea of me dating Cain, and then suddenly not?
It doesn’t make sense, and I wrack my brain over the possibilities.  Somehow I manage to make my order, and the waiter later returns with our drinks.
“It’ll work,” Beth says.  “I know it will.”
“What?” I ask.
“The plan; uh…Operation King,” she replies.  Delilah perks up with a grin now that we’ve started using her silly name.  “They won’t suspect a thing.”
I nod, her own hopeful gaze staring into mine.  I begin to play with my cutlery as we switch over to a normal topic; like how I’m going to rejoin the volleyball team, and what we’re going to do in college.  I lay my knife and fork on the dark red cloth when my hand twitches.
Ithinara is trying to do something.  I hide my hand under the table as she says, Now, do it now!
Do what?  I wonder.
Kill him now, while you still have the chance, says Ithinara.  Show the hunters you are to be feared.
I blink and look up, a shadow encompassing our table.  Cain stands there.
Our eyes meet, and a drum is beating inside my head.
Ithinara has finally revealed who she wants me to kill.
And it is Cain.



Chapter 8

Dad questions me about my college essays again, and I can only roll my eyes.  The deadline is getting closer and I still have only blank pages to show the world.  I’ve been too distracted with everything else.
Like how Ithinara wants me to kill the boy I’m crushing on.  Who is also a demon hunter…maybe.  His aunt is, I know that for sure.  But I can’t tell Dad that, or he’ll send me to the hospital again.
“You haven’t gone to the animal shelter lately,” Dad prods, “why don’t you go today?”
“I’ve got practice,” I tell him over my cereal.  “And I need to—do some other things.”  I forgot I hadn’t told him that I quit the volleyball team, and today is the day I ask to get back on.  It hasn’t been long since I quit and I hope Coach will stay true to her word.
“Well try going by,” he suggests, “you look like you could use some kitten love.”  He laughs as I crack a smile.  Then it hits me that I don’t want to have kitten love, I want Cain’s love.  My heartbeat thumps a little too hard at the thought of him and creates a flutter in my chest.
Pathetic, Ithinara sneers.  He will be your downfall.
“I should get going,” I announce.  I give Dad a kiss on the cheek to say goodbye, and hurry out the door.  Ithinara’s usual commentary is bothering me more than usual today.  I wonder what it’s like to go an hour without someone talking to you.
I’m helping you, Ithinara says as I walk down the street, you should be grateful.
I won’t kill Cain, I tell myself more than her.
I turn the corner and see that Beth and Delilah have yet to arrive.  But the rain has already started to fall.  I hurry to hide beneath a tree.  A streak of lightning flashes in the distance, followed by a low echo of thunder.  It’s cold out this morning.  I hug myself.
“Don’t look,” I say.  “Just don’t turn around.”
Being near the graveyard is hard for me, especially when I’m alone.  It would be so easy to turn around and look at my mother’s grave, to feel that sentimental pull to visit her.  But I can’t; visiting her might kill me.  Even being surrounded by the hallowed ground makes me queasy. 
I lick my lips and look up at the sky, beginning to bounce on my heels.  Why did I have to leave so early?  Rain patters around me, creating dark dots on the concrete.  It’s a gloomy day in Hollow’s Point, but I still hold out hope.
And it’s hope that makes me start to turn around.  My feet shuffle to the side, shoulders back as I twist my spine towards the gate of the graveyard.  From the corner of my eye I can already see headstones, many of them too old to have any living family to visit.
A car honks, saving me from the torture.
I look to the road to see Cain’s jeep there, and my heart skips a beat.  The passenger window is dark and I can’t see him through it, but his grin appears as the window rolls down.  He’s watching me, his eyes seem almost hungry.
“Need a lift?” he asks, his tone conveying something else entirely.
I look back and forth, but Beth’s convertible is nowhere in sight.  The rain begins to fall harder, and I find myself dashing into Cain’s jeep.  It’s warm and smells like pine needles inside.
“Thanks,” I say.  “Beth is supposed to pick me up…but I don’t know where she is.”
Cain nods and starts to drive.  “Maybe she’s having car trouble.”  His grin is still there, and he chuckles to himself over something I don’t understand.
“Maybe,” I say.  I pull my phone out and text Delilah, telling her I’m with Cain, and asking where they are.  She doesn’t reply right away, which is unusual for her.
“So why were you waiting in front of the cemetery?” Cain asks.  “Kind of a weird place to wait.”
I shrug.  “We always meet there.  My dad refuses to go, but it isn’t as big a deal for me.”  I cover my mouth, realizing what I just said.  Why did I say that?
“What do you mean?”
I feel compelled to talk to Cain, there’s some part of me that just wants to let him know everything about my mother.  I manage to hold it in, telling myself that I still don’t know him that well.  It’s just the fact that I like him that makes me want to admit everything, and nothing more.
“My mother’s buried there,” I say, hoping my voice won’t crack.  “We don’t visit though.”  And it isn’t just because of Ithinara.
I tug at my hair, waiting for Cain to say something.  I’m not very good with small talk, and since it’s with Cain my anxiety is even worse.  My mouth opens and closes a few times, before I find the courage to ask, “So how are you enjoying Wayward?”
He shrugs casually as we pull up to a red light.  “It’s school,” he answers.  “They’re all kind of the same.”
I force a small laugh.  “Not one for school spirit then?”
Cain rolls his eyes.  “Never understood it.  It’s only four years of your life; who cares?”
I’m starting to feel insulted by his attitude.  “I care,” I say.  “It’s four years of my life, that’s a lot.  It’s a time you’re going to remember for the rest of your very short life on this planet; you should enjoy it.”
He turns to face me, looking surprised I had said anything at all.  “So why’d you quit the volleyball team then?”
I flinch.  “How did you know about that?”
“Nico told me,” he says.  “She thought it was weird that someone the Coach claimed was so passionate would just up and quit.”
I realize what he’s getting at.  Nico’s questioning too much, and through Cain of all people.  I’m hurt, but remind myself that this is what Beth warned would happen.  Doing things out of character are what draw attention to me.
“I was getting worried about college,” I admit.  “I wanted to focus on that but I really miss playing.  I’m actually going to talk to Coach today about rejoining the team.”
Cain’s lips form a thin line, and the light turns green.  “When are you planning on doing that?” he asks.
“Before class I guess.”
“Well you’ll have to wait.”
“Why?”  I look at him, the rain falling hard enough that he has to put the windshield wipers on. 
“Because we’re skipping first period.”  Cain presses harder on the gas pedal, making his jeep roar.  The next light on the street is where we’re supposed to turn to get to Wayward, but Cain keeps driving, ignoring the bright red that warns us to stop.
“What are you doing?” I cry.  I’m bracing myself for impact even though there aren’t any other cars on the road.  “Slow down!”
Cain is laughing but takes his foot off of the gas pedal.  We begin to slow, and so does my heart rate.  It’s hard to breathe and I feel like I’m about to pass out.
“What’s wrong with you?” I ask.  “That was dangerous!”
“Oh, come on,” he moans, “it’s just a joke.  Driving like that is fun; doesn’t it make your heart race?”
“No it isn’t,” I argue.  “You could have killed us both.  And I don’t want to skip class; I want to be in class.  Believe it or not, I actually enjoy creative writing, and getting good grades and I like school.”
Cain pulls over, no longer enjoying his little joke.  “Okay, okay, I’m sorry.”
I unbuckle my seatbelt as he puts the car in park, and I’m prepared to jump from the vehicle.  My hand touches the handle, and I’m about to pull when Cain says one word.  “Wait.”
“What?” I question, facing him again.
His hand slips onto the side of my neck, his fingers sliding into my hair.  He pulls me closer until our lips connect and my eyes widen a moment before closing.  The kiss is gentle, nothing like I thought it would be.  Slowly his lips part from mine, giving me light kisses down to my neck.
For a moment I worry about his cross tattoo, the image of it burning my mind as I think it would, but I don’t feel any pain.  All I can feel are Cain’s lips on my neck, until he pulls away with his usual grin.
“I’ll take you to school,” he says.  
I can’t form words, my head is too fuzzy.  I nod.  “Why did you do that?”
Cain doesn’t answer right away as he begins to do a U-turn on the street.  Ithinara is silent, but I hear a muffled scream just as I see the truck coming towards us.
A large dump truck blares its horn as Cain drives into the middle of the road, and for a moment all I can think about is my dad, and if I die he’ll be all alone.  I can’t stand the thought.
My eyes close, shutting out the brief image of the truck as it’s about to crash into us.  There’s a loud crunch, the smashing of metal at high speed, and my head whips against the passenger window.
The world flashes white, and that is all I know.



Chapter 9

The floorboards in my old house always creak when I walk on them, which is why I begin to wonder where I am.  I’m walking down the hallway, but they aren’t making any noise; it’s completely silent in the shadows.
Everything is so big and I can’t reach any of the doorknobs.  There’s a twinge in the back of my mind, something trying to connect and break through, but I push it away.  Ithinara is trying to break through, I think.
But I didn’t have Ithinara when I was in my old house, not really.  A light flickers on behind me, drawing my attention away from the bad feelings.  A thin line of light is all I can see, the rest of it blocked by the bathroom door.  It’s brighter than I remember it being, and my mind is easily distracted.  I move forward, expecting safety on the other side of the door.
I’m not sure why I’m scared, but I am.  My heart is pounding, yet I’m certain on the other side of the door is where I’ll be safe.  There’s something warm there, I know it.
My small hand goes to push on the wood but I pause as I hear a soft crying.  The woman I’m searching for is sad and my heart hurts.  My whole body hurts as my temples beat with my pulse.  I push the door open, and find the floor covered in red, the woman kneeling in bloody water.
The bathwater is overflowing now, and after another sob she looks at me.  Her green eyes quickly flash to something else, with larger pupils and narrow irises.  Her brow furrows, and in her hand I see a small pocketknife.  
I open my mouth to question her, but it’s too late.  She rushes towards me, the knife in hand and lunges it at me.  I grab it, wrapping tiny fingers around the blade as it slices into my hands.

A beeping wakes me from my nightmare.  I’m confused, the world is a little blurry, and for a moment I think I’m still in the dream.  But I’m not; I don’t know where I am.  I almost want to panic, the scent of stale air and hand sanitizer floating around me.
“Waking up, finally?” a voice asks.  “Took you long enough.”
“Sorry,” I croak.  Am I late for school?  Wait…what happened?  My memory is fuzzy, and I can’t remember anything as I should.
I warned you, Ithinara says, and I realize it had been her talking before.  I told you to kill him.
I blink the sleep from my eyes, but they still feel crusty and shattered.  My body aches as if I had just done a hard practice for the Tigers, and something is stopping my wrist from bending.  I shift my head, and find my wrist is wrapped in a cast.
Beside me my dad is asleep in a little chair, the bags under his eyes large, the wrinkles seeming deeper.  My heart hurts again.
My mouth opens to call to him, but I’m stopped as a shadow drapes over me.  The door to my hospital room is open, and someone has stepped into the doorway; Cain.
“Afternoon,” he calls, his voice sounding more charming than I remember.  And then it hits me, I remember.  I blush as I think of our kiss, then try to quell my fury as I remember he is the reason I’m here.  He was fooling around, and I had to pay for it.  He doesn’t even look the slightest bit hurt, despite the fact his side of the car was hit.
I furrow my brow, Ithinara nagging at the back of my mind.  Cain steps into the room when I don’t reply.
“I’m so sorry about what happened,” he says with a smile, “I never intended for this to happen.  I just wanted to have some fun.”
I glance at my father.  “I don’t like your kind of fun,” I tell him, even though my heart is racing.  The machine hooked to the little clip on my finger begins to beep faster.  I curse it.  “Just…go away before he wakes up.”
Cain glances lazily at my dad.  “I’m not worried about him; I’m worried about you.”  He’s lost his smile.  “Are you okay?”
I’m not sure.  My body aches, and there’s a cast on my wrist, but other than that I feel fine.  Being able to feel pain is a good thing, I think.  “I’m fine,” I say.  “So just…go away.”
He nods and takes a step forward.  Leaning over my bed, our faces are only an inch apart.  I’m expecting him to kiss me again, and I’m ready to scream if he does.
Ithinara mumbles something, and it sounds like someone has a hand over her mouth.  Cain whispers, “It’s a miracle you survived.  Anyone else would have died in that kind of accident.”
“You were in it,” I state.
Cain’s hands rest on the bed, on either side of my body.  The mattress dips under his weight, and he looks down at my wrist.  “I wasn’t in the car, Willa.  I went to grab us a coffee and you tried to—I don’t know, get to school?”  He shrugs.  “Only you would know for sure.  I’m certain you weren’t trying to steal my car though, so I’m not pressing charges.”
My mouth hangs open.  “I would never—”
“I know,” Cain interrupts.  “I’ll see you around.”  He bows his head slightly, his hair tickling my lips.  In one smooth motion he’s already out the door, and I’m left with a hollow feeling in my chest.
LIAR! shrieks Ithinara.  He lies!
I comb through my memory in hopes of making sense of his words, but nothing Cain has just told me adds up.  He was in the driver’s seat, driving recklessly and toying with me.  I know that.  But still I question it.  Had Ithinara taken over somehow, and manipulated my memory?
Ithinara is screaming again, so I lock her in the room in my head.  She pounds against the door, but it becomes quiet enough that I can breathe.  The heart monitor starts to calm down.
My dad snorts himself awake, and I laugh lightly.   “Willa?” he breathes.
“Hi Dad,” I say.  “Have a good nap?”
He rubs a hand over his face and leans forward before wrapping me in a tight hug.  “Don’t you ever do that again; I don’t care if you were late for school.  Late is better than dead.”
I bite my lower lip.  “I don’t really remember what happened.”
After a quick squeeze he pulls away, putting his hand over my good one.  “You were in an accident; you pulled out in front of a truck.  I talked with Cain and he says you were adamant about not being late for school.  Will, why on earth would you try to do that?  He could have you arrested for trying to steal his car!”
“S-Sorry,” I stammer.  “I won’t see him again, I promise.”
Dad sighs.  “Cain isn’t the issue; he seems like a good kid.  I’m worried about you, Will.  Are you okay?  Lately you’ve been…distant.”
I feel like crying, so I bite down again on my lip.  “I’ve just been feeling stressed about college,” I lie, although it is partly true.  “I’m still not sure what I want to do.”
“Sweetheart, you know it’s okay to take an extra year to think about it,” Dad says, giving me an encouraging smile.  I can see the pain beneath it.  “You can work for a year, take more classes if you want.  Lots of kids do it.”
I nod.  “Yeah, I guess so.”
Dad gives me another hug.  “You know I’ll love you no matter what you do.”
I hug him back.  “Love you, too.”
It’s clear he wants to mention the anniversary coming up, but doesn’t.  I pray he isn’t going to try and make me go, because I’m not sure I could handle it.  Not with Ithinara, not with Cain or Nico around.  I close my eyes and try to feel comforted by my father’s presence…but he can’t protect me from what I know is coming.
Change.



Chapter 10

Monday morning school is boring, and I can’t focus.  I’m like a zombie as I wander through the halls, people talking to me but the words just roll in one ear and out the other.  If there is an assignment due, or given, I haven’t heard about it.  Beth and Delilah try to cheer me up, but I’m not sure what’s wrong.
Besides everything.
Dad thinks I’m acting out, or maybe he suspects I need to be put on medication.  I finally decided to rejoin the volleyball team only to get into an accident and ensure I can’t do anything.  Before I step into history class I debate if I want to talk to Coach and beg forgiveness.  At the very least I could be on the team when my wrist is healed.
“In or out, Willa,” Ms. Coyne says.  “Class is about to start.”
I nod absently and find my seat, dropping my bag to the floor with a heavy thump.  Outside is a bright September day, filled with sunshine and warmth, and yet I can’t glean any joy from it.  I lick my lips and shake my head as the bell rings.
When the class settles down Ms. Coyne starts to talk about religion in Hollow’s Point, and how it’s developed over the past hundred years.  She’s interrupted when Cain comes running into the room, shouting, “I’m here!”  He shoots the teacher an apologetic look.  “Still learning how to get around.”
Ms. Coyne grinds her teeth but instructs Cain to sit without any scolding.  He moves to the other side of the room and barely gives me a passing glance.  I feel invisible and nervous, and my temples begin to beat.
“As I was saying,” Ms. Coyne continues, “this week we’ll be going over world religion, with a focus on Hollow’s Point.  Miss Steele has suggested that we take a trip to Hollow’s Church, the oldest church in town, and I think it would be a splendid idea.”
I swallow audibly.  Hollow’s Church?  I can’t go, literally.  I won’t be able to step inside.  My eyes slide towards Cain, and he quickly looks away from me, his cheeks reddening.  Did they plan this?  Is this a test?
Ms. Coyne continues to explain our learning outcomes, but I feel I’ve just been marked for death.
Next Friday is the day I won’t be able to hide anymore.

“You’re just paranoid,” Beth says at lunch.  “And it’s just a coincidence.  You’re in history class, learning about religion and it’s affects on history.  Nico teaches history.  Nico goes to church.  Therefore she arranges for a field trip to her church so you can learn about local religion.  See?”  She holds her hands out.  “Coincidence.”
I hate that she makes sense.  “They haven’t said anything about me?”
“Nope, you’re good,” Beth says, but her smile feels fake.  “They haven’t been doing any sort of demon hunting lately.  I think they want to retire.”
“You’re just saying that,” I prod.
She winces.  “Okay, yes, I am.  But that’s only because you’re freaking out over everything lately.  I know it’s scary, but hunters don’t hunt at home.  Hollow’s Point is considered a safe zone.”
“You never mentioned that before,” Delilah says with suspicion.  “Does this mean you’re on board with Operation King?”
Beth rolls her eyes and takes a bite of her sandwich.  “I’m on board with Operation Save-Willa-From-A-Demon.”
“Shh!” I hiss, looking around.  “Not so loud.”  We are completely alone on the bench outside, the nearest people being a group of freshman playing baseball across the field.  I feel ridiculous.  “Okay, I’m willing to admit that it could just be a coincidence.”
“Thank you,” Beth says.  “And I’m willing to admit that something is weird about Cain.”
Delilah groans.  “Ugh, it’s called love, you heathens.  It makes things weird.”
“I’m still going to do some research on him,” Beth announces after taking another bite.  “There’s a lot of holes in his past that I just can’t figure out.  His family is being pretty tight-lipped, and nobody will tell me anything.”
I sigh at the thought of Cain.  Ithinara does the same, but for a very different reason.  “Can we talk about something normal?” I ask.
“Talking about boys is normal,” Delilah argues.
“Not when those boys are demon hunters,” I snipe.  “Sorry—I just mean…can we talk about school?  College, future, the mall, that sort of thing?”
I know they tend to avoid talking about the future for my sake, but now I want to discuss it.  I want to dream about not having a demon in my head, and about going to college and becoming—something.
“I guess I should start thinking of that, huh?” Delilah jokes.  Beth and I know she isn’t as far behind as she claims.
“What are you guys doing for your essays?” I ask.  “I can’t think of anything.”
“You have to write one that’s creative, right?” Beth asks.
“A short story and something about myself.”  I roll my eyes.  “I was looking forward to it, but now I’m drawing a blank.”
“Why don’t you go to the animal shelter later,” Delilah suggests.  “Hasn’t it been like a month since you’ve gone?”
I debate on it.  “That might work; maybe I just need to stop thinking for a while.”  And what better way to spend my time and look normal than to do what I normally do?  Volunteering to feed cats downtown always makes me feel…right.
I hate that place, Ithinara moans.  It reeks of urine.
“Give me a ride?” I ask Beth.
“Of course,” she agrees with a smile.  I think both of us are elated to talk about anything other than the Steele’s and Ithinara.
“Can I come?” Delilah asks.  “I need to get in a few more hours to graduate.”
“I guess,” I say.  “If you want to keep going though you need to get vaccinated and stuff.  And fill out a mountain of forms.”
She shoots me with her fingers.  “Gotcha.  Now, onto more fun topics.  The dance!  It’s coming up.”
“It’s like three weeks away,” Beth argues.  “We have plenty of time.”
You don’t, Ithinara mentions.  If you don’t hurry you’ll never make it to college.
Beth and Delilah begin to argue, but I’m paying attention to Ithinara.  I’m not going to kill anyone.
Hm, Ithinara is far too cool now.  Is that what you think?  Have you not wondered about your accident on Friday?  His behaviour is quite odd—he’s trying to make you admit what you are.
What you are, I correct.
What we are, she says.
“Beth,” I say.
“Yes?”
“Can I borrow a book on demons?  Or possession?” I ask.
Beth is quiet, but soon she nods.  “I can get you my…manual, I guess.  Are you sure?”
I’ve always avoided learning more about Ithinara, mainly because I never knew where to look for help.  The last time Beth helped me gave me scars up my arm, and also made me break my nose slamming into an invisible wall.  It made me decide to just live with Ithinara.  But maybe there was a better way; maybe Cain was that way.
He isn’t, Ithinara states.  Get over him already.
Beth had said herself that she thought Cain was different from the other hunters.  I look over my shoulder, feeling a pair of eyes on my back.  Two stories up, sitting in a window is Cain; our eyes meet, and he doesn’t look away this time.  Instead he grins.
He is a mystery to me, and I can’t figure him out.  I can’t even figure out my own feelings.  He’s charming and terrifying, kind but cruel.
He’s my only hope at ridding myself of Ithinara.
She hisses at my thoughts, as if knowing that is the truth.



Chapter 11

The smell of fur and dirt is comforting me as I sit in the visiting room at the shelter.  Delilah is off cleaning cages, or at least pretending to while she plays with the puppies, so I sit and dangle a fake mouse in front of two cats.  We’re allowed to do so as much as we like, as long as we make sure their cages are clean and bowls are full of water before we leave.  It’s a slow day, with the only people in the building being the volunteers.  I glance out the window to see what the receptionist is doing, and find she is completely alone.
A small orange tabby jumps down from a scratching post to chase the fake mouse.  I twirl it around me, and he happily dashes after it.  I let go when his claws sink into the fabric.  A sigh escapes my lips just as the front doors open and in walks Beth.
She agreed to let me borrow a book on demons, and even now I can tell it’s an old book.  A textbook, is more like it, she had told me.  It belonged to her grandmother, and it is the accounts of her lessons.  It’s strange to think that people have been taught how to hunt demons.
Not all are as kind as I am, Ithinara sneers.  I lock her away in my mind, using what little energy I have left.  Beth comes into the visiting area looking nervous.
“You don’t have to,” I tell her.
“I want to,” she admits, sitting beside me with the book in her lap.  It looks old, the pages beginning to tear away, and the cover strangely burned.  “I should have done this years ago.”
I grab a piece of rope and dangle it in front of a kitten, but it seems unimpressed with the action.   It’s hard to look at Beth.  “It isn’t your fault.”
She’s quiet, and I wish Delilah was here to fill the silence.  Our relationship has been so strange lately and I wonder what exactly went wrong.  The Steele’s, I answer to myself.  If none of them had come to Wayward I would be happily living my life.  Sort of.
“Will anyone miss it?” I question.
“Not for a while,” Beth says.  “It’s been in my room for months now and nobody has asked about it.  Honestly we all have it memorized.  Willa…you’re sure you want to read this?  There’s a lot you don’t know about…about demons and everything.  Maybe it’s better if it stayed that way.”
I wonder what could be so bad that Beth doesn’t want me to read the book.  I shake my head.  “That’s why I need this; I need to know.  I can’t be ignorant anymore.  She’s getting worse.”
Fatigue is weighing me down and I’m not sure where it’s come from.  The cats crawl away from me, their fur spiked into the air.  I ignore them and ask to see the book.  After a moment’s hesitation, Beth hands it over.  “I’ll be careful with it,” I promise, “I won’t even let my dad see it.”
Beth nods, biting down on her lower lip.
Delilah bursts through the door.  “I.  Love.  Puppies,” she says with a wide grin.  I smile and laugh, shaking my head.  The little bell over the front door rings again as someone walks in, and a chill runs down my spine.  Every hair on my arm raises, even the ones on the back of my neck.  It takes a lot of energy just to look out the window and see who came inside.
A woman in her late forties stands at the counter, purse tucked tightly under one arm and a gentle smile resting easily on her lips.  I’m instantly interested, but I don’t know why.  She unsettles me.
“Oh, no,” Beth breathes, “hide the book!”
“What?” I question.  Delilah is confused, her eyes darting between us and the woman.  Beth’s hands are firm as she grabs the book from me and tosses it into the nearest cat tower; it lands inside easily, and is completely hidden from sight.
“Who is that?” Delilah asks.  I turn towards the woman and see she’s waving at us.  Delilah gives a hesitant wave back, and Beth smiles brightly.  My brow furrows as the woman is led into the visiting room.
“Good afternoon, Beth,” the woman says.  “I didn’t realize you volunteered here!”
“Oh, I don’t really,” Beth replies while Delilah sits beside me, “I’m just here with my friends.  Mrs. Steele, this is Willa and Delilah.  Guys, this is Mrs. Steele, Cain’s mother.”
My heart drops, and I understand why Beth was so eager to hide the book.  I now feel protective of the cat tower, wanting to block it off to ensure Mrs. Steele can never find out the book is there.  Delilah doesn’t seem to notice the atmosphere.
“Please, call me Ariel,” she says.  Her voice is soft and non-threatening, but I sense something just beneath it.  There’s a cross around her neck, and she instinctively touches it.  I’m grateful my scars are hidden beneath my sweater, but I go to hide the fresh burn from days earlier.  My hair manages to cover it.
“It’s nice to meet you,” I say, hoping my voice is clear and not as shaky as I think it is.
“Same,” Delilah says.
“Are you here to adopt?” Beth asks, keeping the conversation casual.  I want to grab the book and run, feeling like there is guilt written all over my face.
“Yes!”  Ariel’s voice is suddenly loud, and we all flinch back.  “Oh, sorry.  You see I’ve been trying to convince my husband to get a cat for years, and he’s finally agreed this morning.  I thought I should hurry and adopt before he has a chance to change his mind.”
Ariel’s eyes are showing excitement as they search the room for a potential pet.  She seems much more human to me than Nico or even Cain.
“Scar has been here the longest,” I tell her as she stares at the cat on the highest tower.  He’s a black cat, and tends to ignore everyone.  “I think it’s been about two years now.”
“Scar?” she repeats.  “Is he friendly?”
“He’s indifferent, really,” I admit.  “He won’t scratch or bite you.”  I stand and lead her to see him.  Reaching overhead I roll him towards me and catch him just as he’s about to fall.  Like usual, he doesn’t react, and gives me a lazy glance.
“Here,” I say, “wanna hold him?”
Ariel looks nervous, but quickly nods.  She sets her purse on the ground and opens her arms to Scar.  I pass him over, and she lights up.  “I love cats; I’ve wanted one ever since I was a girl.”
“Why’d you never get one?” Delilah asks.
“My parents were allergic,” she says.  “And so is my brother.  And by the time I moved out I was living with my husband and he hates cats.  But not anymore!”  She strokes Scar, and he begins to purr.  “Oh, he’s a darling.”
My eyes drift towards the cat tower that holds the book.  Beth continues the conversation with Ariel, but I’m not listening.  I’m not sure how long I stare at the tower for, but I only snap back to attention when I hear my name.
“Willa Queen?” Ariel asks.  “You’re the girl that tried to steal Cain’s car?  I should have known by the cast.  How are you feeling?”
“Fine,” I promise.  “And I wasn’t trying to steal it—I was just—”
“Don’t fret,” she orders, giving Scar another stroke.  “I understand completely.  Cain can be so stubborn, just like his father.  When he wants something he doesn’t think about anyone else.”  She sighs.  “Sometimes I think we’re too lenient on him.”
“He’s really nice though,” I find myself saying.  Where are these words coming from?  “He’s helped me out more than once—and he didn’t want to have me arrested for the whole…car thing.”  I still don’t believe anyone about that.
Ariel smiles, genuine and soft.  “Thank you.  You know, how would you girls like to have dinner with us this Sunday?  I’m planning a large meal, and I don’t think my husband and Cain will be able to finish it all.  What do you say?”
I try to think of an excuse not to come, because Sunday dinner with the Steele’s is what I think is my own personal hell.  But Delilah jumps at the opportunity for me, anything to make sure Operation King stays on track.  “We’d love to!”
“Wonderful,” Ariel agrees.  “Sunday at six then.  I’ll see you all there.  And so will Scar.”  She cuddles the cat closer to her face, already moving towards the door.  I’m still in a state of shock, but I manage to pull it up and call to her.
“Your purse,” I say.  As she thanks me and takes it, I feel the familiar searing of a cross against my fingertips.  Ariel doesn’t notice as I retract quickly, hiding my fingers behind my back.  The pain isn’t too deep.  “See you Sunday,” I manage.
When she’s gone the receptionist says we need to leave.  Delilah doesn’t notice the glares Beth and I send her as she trots out the door.
Beth and I sit a while longer with the cats while Ariel fills out the proper forms.  She’s taking her time making sure everything is done correctly, and for once I don’t appreciate someone doing what they should here.  We can’t get the book out until Ariel is gone!
Another half hour goes by, and the receptionist pokes her head into the room.  “Time to leave girls; we’re closing early.”
“Oh, but we’ll just stay until—” I begin, but she cuts me off quickly.
“Sorry, but you need to scoot,” she says.  She doesn’t explain why it’s so important we leave, and only glances at her watch.  
I bite down on my lower lip, looking to my bag that hangs by the front door, and the cat tower.
“We can come back,” Beth says, “it’ll be fine.”
“But what if someone finds it?” I ask.
Beth stands and pats some cat hair from her blouse.  “It’ll be fine.”
I don’t think she actually believes that, but I have no choice.  Ariel is still filling out forms and if she sees the book she’ll know something is going on.
We grab Delilah and head out, praying that nobody will find the book before I can come back and get it.



Chapter 12

I stare at myself in the mirror, wondering exactly what to do.  I should have called Delilah over to help me, but I’m determined to get this done myself.  It is only makeup, nothing to it.  My mouth turns into a pout as I stare at the sad display of cosmetics on the bathroom counter.
Pathetic, Ithinara says.  I’m not sure if she’s referring to my stash of supplies or the fact I don’t really know how to use them.  Probably both. 
“It’s just makeup,” I say to myself, “can’t be that hard.”
I feel like I’m not allowed to be a girl because I don’t know what eye shadows will enhance the colour of my eyes.  I’ve never worried about trying to look pretty before, because I never had anyone I wanted to impress.  With Ithinara in my head, I didn’t want to draw attention to myself.
Not anymore.  My heart flutters at the thought of what Cain might think of me in makeup, maybe dressed up.  My heart quickly sinks at the thought of him in the jeep, driving in front of that truck.
My eyes squeeze shut at the thought, the pain I barely remember now.  He had been driving, I’m certain of it.  But his lack of injuries says otherwise, and I try to give him the benefit of the doubt.  My face turns bright red, the image of the kiss coming back.  Had that happened, or did I imagine it?  It’s too hard to tell.
“What’s this?” Dad asks, peeking around the corner of the bathroom.  “Is that makeup?  Should I be worried?”
“Only that you’ll have a daughter with a clown-face,” I say.  “But today I’ll stick with mascara.”  At least that can’t go wrong.
With minor difficulty I unscrew the top, and begin to brush through my lashes.  Dad watches, and I begin to feel like he’s judging me.  “Did you need something, Dad?”  I have one eye done when I turn to him.
He glances into the mirror then back to me.  “Is this for that Cain boy?  Do you like him?”
I shrug, hoping to be nonchalant.  “He’s nice.  Likes to skip school though, so I’m not sure I approve.”  Maybe a joke will quell his worries.
“I just want to know if we need to have a talk about responsibilities,” he went on, “and timing.  You’re going to his house this Sunday, I just want to make sure—”
“I’m going to have dinner with his family, along with Delilah and Beth,” I interrupt.  I scrunch my nose and begin to apply mascara to my other eye.  “I don’t think you have to worry about me being responsible, Dad.  I’m very responsible.”
“Responsible girls can go a little crazy when boys like Cain are involved,” Dad says.  “So I want you to know that so far he seems like a good kid, but if you want to date him I need to at least have dinner with him.  And maybe his family too.”
I drop the brush, swallowing audibly at the thought of dining with Nico.  “O-Of course,” I say.  “Is this your way of trying to get an invite for Sunday?”
Dad nods, probably mistaking my fear for something else; nerves maybe.  I roll my eyes and feign teenage drama with a sigh.  “I’ll ask about it.  It’s probably no problem.”
Dad gives me another nod, but I feel like something is different.  I’m not sure why he’s so anxious; I’m eighteen, you’d think he’d give me a little more freedom.  My phone rings with a reminder to get to school, and after giving my dad a quick kiss on the cheek I run out the door.
Today it’s foggy outside, and I can barely see the dim glow of the streetlights.  I pat down my hair, willing it not to frizz but knowing it would.  My fingers grip the edge of my hood, and I cloak myself against the weather.
I plan on talking to Cain today, but I’m not sure how to start the conversation.  Maybe I should apologize for stealing his car, even though that never happened.  At the very least it might appease him enough to help me.  I wet my lips, nervous.  Around the corner I still can’t see very far, but I’m sure Beth and Delilah are already waiting for me.  The vague outline of a car sits in the distance, just in front of the gates.
As I approach I notice it isn’t the right shape; the roof and the hood are too round.  I get closer, curious about who’s parked there.  A small pocket of clear air hits me, and I suck in the freshness.  It’s like I’m in a bubble, the fog floating around me but not coming too close.
The car that sits before me is a black Neon.  It’s cute, for a car, but I’ll always prefer Beth’s convertible.  I peer into the front seat to find Cain there, grinning.  He leans over and pops open the passenger door.  I don’t move.
“Come on,” he says.  “I’ll take you right to school; no detours.”
“I’m waiting for Beth,” I tell him.  My entire plan to talk to Cain and get Ithinara from my head is disappearing, much like her voice.  She hasn’t spoken a word all morning; it’s a little frightening.
Cain’s face drops when I don’t move, but he quickly replaces it with a charming smile.  It’s hard not to step inside.  “If you’re worried about the kiss, I promise not to try anything again.”  He shrugs.  “I thought you were a little more—into it than I guess you were.”
I rub at the back of my neck and look around, wishing Beth would show up.  Why were they always late?  Delilah, probably.
“I-uh…that’s not it,” I say, though it really is.  At least now I know the kiss was real.  It wasn’t something I made up while unconscious.  Ithinara is pounding inside my head, and for a moment I lose control.  She takes over and I’m thrown into the darkness that is my own mind.
“I’d love a ride,” I hear myself say.  Cain perks up, but his eyes are suspicious.  He narrows in on me as my body moves towards the car.  I watch my hand pull the passenger door open, watch as one foot steps inside.
A car honks and screeches to a halt next to us.  I jolt out of my head, and lock Ithinara up.  It’s hard to breathe; she’s never taken over so easily before.
“Hey, sorry we’re late!” Beth calls, rolling her window down a crack.  “Jump in!”
“G-Gotta go,” I yell at Cain.  I slam the door to his Neon shut, and leap into Beth’s car.  Cain never even gets a word out, at least not one that I hear.  Beth drives away, and I still can’t breathe.
“We should have let him drive her,” Delilah whines.  “How else are they going to get together if we don’t let them actually see each other?”
I can’t feel my fingers, my whole body trembles.  Beth looks at me in the rearview mirror.  “Are you okay?”
Ithinara is making too much noise for me to hear if they ask anything else.  I tell them what I need to do, and Beth doesn’t like it.  
“I have to,” I say.  “She took over; I didn’t want to get into the car.  She was going to kill him.”  Images of Cain bleeding to death flood my mind, thoughts of him dying tragically in a car accident are all I can think about.  Because that’s exactly what Ithinara was planning to do.
Pressure builds behind my eyes and I ignore it.  The lump in my throat forms, but I’m not going to cry because of Ithinara, not again.  I’m going to get rid of her, I think, forever.
Ithinara is growling.  You really think so, my child?  This is for your own good!
“Killing is never for my own good!” I scream.  Beth is surprised, and jerks the car into the wrong lane.  Another car honks at us as we veer into our lane again.  Delilah grips the dashboard, and Beth’s knuckles are white against the leather.
“Are you sure you wanna do this?  Last time…”  Delilah can’t even finish the sentence.
I take in a controlled breath, letting the air calm me slightly.
I say, “Yes.”  But I don’t really mean it.



Chapter 13

Ithinara decides it's time to talk, and she wants more than just thinking things at me, she wants to talk face to face.
It's a strange feeling to talk to yourself in the mirror, especially when it talks back.  Delilah once saw Ithinara talk to me through the mirror at school; of course at the time neither of us knew it was possible.  My reflection moves without me, and the eyes are different; that's how I can tell.  So while I'm at Delilah's house we go into the bathroom and let Ithinara do what she wants.
My visage changes in the mirror.  The eyes become larger, the iris wider and more green, the pupils narrow down just a bit.  My brow gives more emotion than I could ever display, and it displays a hateful version of myself.  Spite, anger, and arrogance all rolled into two eyes.
“So creepy,” Delilah mumbles.  “What do you want?”
Ithinara rolls her eyes.  “We need to discuss the Steele’s.”
“Why?  You got a crush on Cain too?” Delilah asks.  “I don't blame you; he's hot in that dangerous sort of way.”
“His family hunt our kind, Willa,” my reflection says, “they won't spare you because you haven't killed anyone.  Which brings me to my next point—”
“I'm not killing anyone,” I groan.  “We've been through this.”
Ithinara's brow lowers into a glare.  “The time has come; it is now or not at all.  You'll thank me when it's over.”
“When someone's dead?  When Cain is dead?” I whisper.  “Why would I ever thank you for making me do something so horrible?”
Her teeth grind.  I tell her, “I can't just kill someone; I'm not that kind of—”
“Anyone can kill under the right circumstances,” she interrupts.  She adds quietly, “Anyone can go against what they believe.”
“Why won't you just tell me why?” I ask.  “Just tell me!”
“Not until you agree!” She shrieks and smashes a fist against the mirror.  It breaks under the pressure, a spider web crack reaching to all corners.  Above it the light bulb flickers in and out of life, before it finally settles on a dim yellow.
Delilah and I are speechless; Ithinara has never done something like this before.  My reflection is breathing heavily, green eyes staring into my own with such fury I can feel it burning through my own veins.  Ithinara removes her fist from the concave space and lays it flat against the surface...it slides down until she lets it hang at her side.
“I'm never going to agree,” I say, “so why don't you just get out?”
She looks down, her snarl gone.  A low chuckle comes from her throat.  “Not until you agree,” she whispers.
The image blurs a bit, my eyes beginning to return to normal.  But Ithinara doesn't return to my thoughts until she says, “He won't have any mercy for you, you lovesick child.  He is a hunter, and he will take joy in my death, in both our deaths.”
The air stills, and I'm staring at my own eyes.

“Cain wouldn't actually kill you,” Delilah assures me.  “He always asks about you; no way he’d go psycho-killer.”
“Unless he thought I was a psycho-killer,” I say.  “Wait, he asks about me?  He’s not just asking if I’m going to steal his car again, is he?”  And when did Delilah and Cain start talking?
Delilah wiggles her eyebrows.  “He does indeed.  You’re dating aren’t you?  I mean, he did kiss you.”
“I don’t—we’re not dating,” I admit.  “Cain is charming, and attractive in so many ways but he’s also a little…I don’t know, off.  Sometimes I feel like he knows exactly what I am, and he’s just playing me.”
“If he knew that Ithy was around then wouldn’t he have already done something about it?” Delilah questions.  Ithinara hisses quietly at her nickname.  “I mean, wouldn’t any of them have done something?”
I furrow my brow.  “Maybe.”  I still feel there’s something I’m missing.  Something about the Steele family is missing, and I always assumed it was because they’re hunters.  But Cain is different, even from them; it’s like he’s toying with me.
I rest my head in my hands, covering my eyes.  “She took over without any effort,” I tell Delilah.  Beth is waiting outside in the car; she’s always hated seeing just how real Ithinara was.  So did I, really.  I feel it would be so much easier if my childhood doctors were right and she was a figment of my imagination.  But she isn’t.
“It’s probably from your accident,” Delilah suggests.  “I mean, you’re on pain killers, right?  Those things mess with memories.”
I’m not.  “Why does it have to be Cain?” I ask, more to God than Delilah.  “Why does he have to be a hunter, and the one she wants dead?”
Delilah doesn’t have an answer, and for once it stops her from talking without thinking.  “It sucks, I know.  But maybe…maybe him being a hunter is a good thing.”  She wraps an arm around my shoulders and shakes me.  “Beth even said that he’s different.”
I look at the clock atop her stove and see we’ve already skipped first period.  I wonder if Cain is curious why I wasn’t there.  My body stands on its own, and I’m not sure if it’s because of Ithinara, or I’m just too out of touch with the world.  I think it’s the latter.
“We should go,” I announce.  “I’ll get that book back this afternoon, and then get rid of her!”
Ithinara grunts, almost as if she’s in pain, but says nothing.  Delilah and I find Beth in the car, texting her boyfriend.  It then occurs to me to ask if he’s involved.  “Is Joe a hunter too?”
Beth flinches so bad that she drops her phone between the seats.  She struggles to get it back, twisting her arm into the wrong directions.  “D-Don’t be silly,” she stammers.  “He could never be a hunter.”
“Oh, okay.”
“His mother is.”
I swallow loudly.  “She is?”
“But that’s it,” Beth says, pulling her phone up.  She quickly buckles into the seat and backs out of the driveway.  “It’s us, the Steele’s, and Joe’s Mom.  He doesn’t know anything, so don’t mention it.”
“Wasn’t gonna,” Delilah says.  “Any other secrets you wanna divulge?”
I’m curious too if Beth is still hiding things from us.  She shakes her head as she drives, shrugging her small shoulders up and down.  “Not that I can think of.”
“If Joe isn’t a hunter, but his mom his,” I theorize, “is Cain’s mother a hunter, too?”
“All the Steele’s are,” Beth admits.  “But again, they’re retired.”
“I don’t think it’s something you just ignore if you see it.”  I moan.  “Will I even be able to enter their house?”
“Of course,” Beth laughs.  “They don’t live in a church.  Besides, they all think you’re normal.  Ariel even likes you; she told me so herself last night.”
“She does?” I question.  “Why?  I crashed her son’s car as far as she knows.”
“She thinks you’ll be a good influence on Cain,” Beth says.  “I might have talked you up a bit in hopes of throwing them off.  It’s kind of hard to have a conversation with her…”
“Knowing we’re enemies?” I suggest.  The rest of the ride to school is quiet.  I think in a way I’ve shamed Beth into silence.
I think she knows she’s scared me a bit.  If Beth can barely talk to someone she’s known for so long, how can I have an entire meal with Ariel?



Chapter 14

I blink my mascara covered eyelashes at the chalkboard in math class.  Cain is sitting behind me again and I feel like he’s staring at me.  Does my hair look okay?  I can’t remember if I straightened it or not this morning.  I imagine it is frizzy again.
A pencil taps my shoulder and I turn as the teacher is talking.  Cain raises his eyebrows at me.  “You feeling okay?”
“I’m fine,” I say, “why?”
He shrugs and adjusts the cross around his neck.  I eye it, but feel nothing.  He puts it between his lips, chewing lightly on the silver chain as he speaks.  “You were acting a little contradictory this morning, I thought you might be sick.”
“Right,” I murmur.  I was acting hot and cold and he had no idea why.  Did he?  I lick my lips and I notice he’s watching them move.  “I was just unsure if you really wanted to give me a ride.  Considering what happened.”
“I told you I don’t blame you, right?”
“Sort of,” I whisper, noticing the other students around us have started to watch.  I guess we were more interesting than the lecture on…I can’t even remember what.  Cain leans in closer to me, and I feel the heat from his body.  I don’t move away as he taps the silver to my lips, giving me a light kiss.  The cross touches my skin…
And it doesn’t burn.
My eyes never close for our kiss, I’m too surprised.  Cain leans back and drops the cross from his mouth; it lands with a light thud against his shirt.  Someone behind me clears their throat.
“Since you two seem more interested in each other than my lesson, why don’t you spend some time together this afternoon?  In detention.”  The teacher is eyeing us, arms crossed tight.
The entire class bursts into hushed giggles.  Cain shrugs them off, as if us going to detention together will just be like another date—or our first date really.  I inhale sharply, wondering how I’ll ever explain this to my father.  Will he start saying Cain is a bad influence on me?  Because if anything, Cain is good for me in an anti-demon kind of way.
I groan under my breath and shove my head into my hands, face burning red.  I try not to turn around for the rest of class and ignore all the light taps against my shoulder.

“I’m sorry,” Cain says as we leave math.  “I didn’t think he’d give us detention.”
I want to be mad at him, but it wasn’t really his fault.  The cross dangles in a patch of sunlight as we head outside, reflecting light into my eyes.  It reminds me that it didn’t burn me during our kiss, and my heart skips a beat.  It didn’t burn!
Ithinara has been silenced though, and I believe it is because of Cain.  I’m still worried she might try to take over again, but she doesn’t seem to be making any attempt.
“It’s not your fault,” I tell Cain.  There wasn’t much else I could say.  “He’s just a jerk when people don’t pay attention.”
“I know, but it kind of is my fault,” he goes on.  We’re walking across the grass, a shortcut to my next class.  “But he has a point; we’ll get to spend some time together.”
I stop.  I want to ask him if he actually wants to spend time with me, but I’m afraid of the answer.
“I do want to get to know you better, Willa,” Cain says, and my entire world blurs away.  It is only a moment, but I completely forget Ithinara is even in my head.  All I can see is him until I get another flash of him covered in blood..  She wanted to make sure I don’t forget again.
“You do?” I ask stupidly.
He grins and furrows his brow.  “Of course.  I mean, you’re already meeting my family this Sunday, and I feel like I barely know you.  Maybe we can learn more in detention.”
“Sunday?” I repeat.  
“You’re still coming for dinner, I hope,” a smooth voice says.  Cain and I turn to find Nico coming towards us, her pencil skirt looking far too tight for a teacher.  A chill runs over me as Cain moves closer.
“I am,” I say, “I’m just a little—dazed.”
Nico nods.  “I heard about my nephews little transgression.  I do apologize, Willa.”  As she says my name my skin crawls.   “Cain has never been one to think things through.”
“I thought it through,” defends Cain.  “And I decided it was a good idea.  I didn’t think—”
“Exactly,” Nico interrupts, “you didn’t think.”
Cain inhales and exhales sharply through his nose.  “I’m sorry.”  His teeth are grinding hard against each other.
Nico’s lips turns up slightly, as if hiding a smirk.  “Anyway,” Nico continues, “I wanted to ask if you were going on the trip next Friday, to the church.”
“Yup,” I say too fast.  I’m desperate to show Nico just how normal I am.  “I just need to get my dad to sign the paper.”
“Excellent.”  She smiles, but something is missing from it.  “I’m sure Beth is excited to show you the church; she told me the other day that you’ve never been.  Why is that?”
I take a moment to think before answering.  “I’m just not a very religious person, I guess.”
“I understand.  Maybe this will change your mind.”
I shrug.  “You never know.”
The bell rings.  I expect Nico to turn into the stern teacher I’m certain she is, and tell us to get moving.  But instead she relaxes her posture and asks, “Would you like to come to the game tomorrow during fifth period?”
“The volleyball game?” I question.
“What other game is there?” she counters.  “Cain told me you wanted back on the team, but with your injury it just isn’t possible.  That doesn’t mean you can’t come to the games to support the others though.  What do you say?”
“Yes,” I almost shout.  I blush a bit, unsure of where my eagerness was hiding.  Despite being a little afraid, I can’t help but smile.  “I’ll definitely go.”
“Wonderful,” Nico says.  As she grins she looks a lot like Cain.  “Now you two should get to class before you’re late.”
I nod and begin walking away.  Cain follows me.
“Clever,” he says, “pretend to be interested to get out of class; I like your strategy.”
“It isn’t a strategy,” I argue, “or a way to skip class.  I liked volleyball when I was able to play.”
“Oh, yeah?” he murmurs.  “Why’d you quit then?”
I shrug.  “Temporary insanity, I guess.”
I didn’t admit that the insanity was mainly because of him, because I wasn’t so sure it was temporary.
If anything, I know I am still insane for wanting to be close to Cain.



Chapter 15

Detention is full of students this afternoon but Cain is nowhere to be seen.  I’m not sure where to sit and the teacher hasn’t arrived to calm everyone down to a dull roar.  If it stays at this volume it would only be like an extra class, not a punishment.  I think of how much Cain dislikes school, and suppose for some an extra class would be punishment enough.
Trying to tiptoe my way through the room, I nab a seat by the window, sitting down too fast to see who I’m near.  I pull out my math textbook, hoping to get some homework in and be able to tell Dad it is time well spent.
A tap on my shoulder draws my attention behind me.  Twisting in my seat I turn around to find Piper there, a junior member of the volleyball team.  “Hey,” she says with a grin, “never thought I would see you here.”
Never thought I’d be here, I think to myself.  Ithinara chuckles, enjoying my mediocre torment.
“Uh, yeah,” I mutter.  “What did you do?”
“Got caught smoking in the girls room,” she replies with a shrug.  Piper likes to think of herself as a rebel, but she really isn’t.  All she does is smoke on occasion, skip out on homework, and dye her hair all sorts of colours.  I don’t consider those things very rebellious.  It’s something she prides herself on though.
She wiggles her eyebrows at me.  “I heard you were getting smoochy with Steele.  I have to admit, I’m a little surprised.”
I feel myself blush.  “I wasn’t.”
Two hands cover my eyes and my world is blacked out.  They’re wearing a ring that’s cold against my skin.  “Guess who?” a voice asks.  
“Speak of the devil,” Piper says.  The hands come away from me, and I turn to find Cain there.  His silver cross ring is on; it was the one touching my skin.
I know I’m even paler than normal now.  I’m also speechless.  Cain’s ring was touching me, without pain or burning.  I eye the piece of silver, wondering what could have caused it, but all I can think about is how crosses don’t make me sick when Cain is around.
It’s like I’m immune when I’m with him.
Don’t be ridiculous, Ithinara hisses, a strange voice of reason in my chaotic thoughts.   But even she does not give a reason as to why this is happening.
“She’s speechless,” Piper jokes.  “Maybe you should kiss her again, just to wake her up.”
“It would be an honour,” Cain laughs.  He takes the seat beside me and starts to lean over when I turn to face the blackboard.  “Or not.  Sorry.”
“It’s fine,” I lie, thoughts elsewhere.  “Just not a fan of PDA.”
“Hmm, that means there’s two strikes against me today,” he murmurs.  “Will you feel better if I drive you home?”
Absently, I reply, “Sure.”
The teacher rushes into the room before Cain can say anything witty or charming.  Piper also quiets down, and we’re instructed to be silent.  No mp3’s allowed, or phones, or handheld gaming devices.  No books, either.  I wonder why they would not allow books, but the teacher says homework is allowed.
I continue to look over my math.
It could be the hunter’s charm, Ithinara theorizes, and that is why you do not feel pain.
Isn’t that a good thing?
She chuckles.  Is it?  If he’s consciously putting it out there, it means he knows.  I can feel her grinning.  And if he knows…
A shudder runs through me, and I risk a glance at Cain.  He’s leaning back in the desk, rolling his eyes towards the ceiling.  His black clothes are dotted with specks of dust, but he doesn’t seem to be exuding any kind of energy.  Wouldn’t I feel like I’m being manipulated, if that was the case?
Would you, really? Ithinara spits.  He family is filled with seasoned hunters, would they not teach him?  Maybe that is why people know so little about him; he’s been training.
I bite down on my lip and twirl my pencil between my fingers.  Ithinara has a point.  I think of the book, waiting for me in the cat tower at the animal shelter and shake my head.  I won’t let her get to me, not when I’m so close to freedom.
Freedom you will only know when his blood spills, Ithinara says casually.
I don’t feel like talking to her, out loud or in my head.  So I scribble the word “NO” in large letters on my paper.
She huffs, but doesn’t say anymore.
I wonder if it because she knows she will take over again, and I question if getting close to Cain is the right idea.  I’d run halfway around the world if it meant he would stay alive, if it meant anyone would stay alive.
If it meant I wouldn’t have to kill.

Beth wasn’t waiting for me, so after school that meant I had no ride home, and no choice but to accept Cain’s offer.  Even though I already had.  He escorts me to his Neon, and asks what I think of it.
I prefer the jeep, but I don’t say that.  I’m the whole reason the jeep isn’t here.  Well, part of the reason.
Rain starts to patter against the windows, and we hurry to get into the car.  It’s a gradual rain that soon turns into a downpour.  Cain starts driving before he even puts his seatbelt on.  After a block it is bothering me too much.  I say, “It isn’t safe to drive without a seatbelt, especially when the road is wet.  Also, you know, it’s illegal.”
He laughs.  “Are you going to try and steal the car again?”
I fume.  “That didn’t happen!”  My arms cross, and I have to look away.  Why did I say that?  He could tell my father, and I might get sent back to the hospital.  I can already picture myself locked up in a cushy white room being fed pill after pill.
Ithinara and I both shudder at that thought.
“I knew you didn’t believe it,” Cain shouts.  “You had me going there.”
“What?” I ask.
He starts to tell me an answer, but I can’t hear him.  My world is getting dark so quickly as if the sun had fallen from the sky rather than setting.  I check my eyes in the mirror and see that they are not mine.
Ithinara is taking over again.  My backpack lay at my feet, and by now I’m simply an observer.
It will be better, she says inside my head.  I scream at her to let me out, but it does no good.  Just as easily as before, Ithinara takes over.
I’m forced to watch my hands move towards my backpack and pull out a switchblade; it’s one from Dad’s collection, from the Boer War.  An old piece of metal hidden beneath leather.  It’s heavy in my hands, I know that because I’ve felt its weight before, but I can’t feel it now.
“What are you doing?” Cain asks.  He’s still smiling, but his eyes fall on the knife as my hands pull the blade out.
“What I should have done a very long time ago,” Ithinara answers with my tongue.  She doesn’t blink as she strikes out, forcing the blade into Cain’s neck.  I shriek, and we are the only ones to hear it.
Blood spurts from his neck, his hands now going to his wound.   It splashes against the windshield, the wipers going full speed but unable to wipe it away from the inside.  The car veers to the side of the road, slowing over the gravel until we come to a stop against a tree.  I can’t see if there are any other cars around us, only Cain.
His eyes are asking me why I would do such a thing, and I want him to know it wasn’t me.  But his blood coats my hands, my face, my clothes…all of me.  I can’t breathe.  He is making gurgling noises, a desperate attempt to breathe through it all.
Ithinara doesn’t give up her control yet.  Cain is still trying to stop the bleeding, the knife sticking from his neck.  Soon he leans back in the chair, his eyes rolling up to the bloody ceiling.  His body stills as his hands fall to his sides.  He isn’t making noise anymore.
Ithinara’s breathing is calm through my body.  I can tell she is pleased with the outcome as my lips turn into an insane smirk.  But she begins to let go, and I’m coming back to what I hope is not real.  Maybe this is a dream that she concocted, to show me what she wants.
But as she settles in the back of my mind, tired from a moment’s hard work, I can’t breathe again.  My mouth is open, and I’m trying, but all I can do is taste the blood.  The metallic scent fills my nostrils, and the air just won’t move into my lungs.
Slowly my eyes shift forward, facing the blood on the windshield and dashboard.  I look down at myself, see how it coats me more than I had once thought.  Fumbling with the door handle, I throw myself from the vehicle.  The rain is coming down hard against my skin, washing away any evidence of what I have just done.
Tears finally stream down my face as a sob escapes my throat.  I can breathe again, but just barely.  The palms of my hands hurt as I dig deeper into the gravel, tiny pricks digging into my skin.
I sit back on my heels, unsure of what to do next.  I don’t want to do anything; I’ve just killed a person.  I killed my first crush.  I killed the crush that seemed to like me.  I killed the crush that made me immune to the cross.
I killed.
I killed.
I killed.
I’m not sure how long I sit there for, wiping away at my clothes in hopes of becoming clean again.  It doesn’t feel very long at all, but time doesn’t occur to me anymore.  The sound of tires across wet pavement strikes my ears.  I look to my left to see the headlights of a car coming towards me.
It’s getting closer.
I choose not to run.



Chapter 16

Despite my choice to not run, my legs do something very different.  The car that is coming towards me begins to slow down, and I realize staying there will do no good.  I decide to get away.  It’s just like I learned in school; fight or flight.  I’ve always been a runner, haven’t I?
I grab my bag and any evidence that I was in the car.  If anyone questioned how I had gotten home I will say that Cain was—was bothering me and I demanded he let me out of the car.  I walked home after that.
My legs burn, but I keep moving.  I will make it home before Dad does, and wash away any blood and dirt the rain does not.  As I move I’m sheltered by the trees, ensuring that whoever stops will not see me; not that they would chase after the killer.  I wouldn’t.
The trees of Hollow’s Point are ancient pines, towering over me and completely blocking out the sky.  It isn’t long before I find I’m running out of them rather than through them, and I’m near my home.
I jump a small black iron fence and pick up my pace.  All those years doing laps for Coach is finally paying off, I just wish it were in a better way.  My foot catches on a rock, and I tumble into the mud, my head smashing against something hard.  Stars blot my vision and I’m dizzy.
Pushing myself off the ground I realize I am bleeding now from a scrape on my temple.  It throbs with each pump of my heart.  My vision blurs a little more, and I look at the spot where I hit my head.
My eyes instinctively move up as I feel the presence of someone behind me.  I want to stand, to do something to protect myself but my legs are too tired.  Instead all I manage is a flop onto my side.
I’m blinded by a bright light, the shadowy outline of angel’s wings falling over me.  For a moment I truly believe God has sent one of his warriors to strike me down for all I have done.  It is what I believe I deserve now.
The light fades away, and the rain begins to slow.  Daringly I peek up at the angel, and realize it is a statue.  He carries a sword that plunges into a dragon at his feet, and his wings are stretched out wide.  The stone doesn’t move to harm me, nor do any of the other statues surrounding me.
I suck in a breath as I realize where I have fallen.
The graveyard.
I look around and see I am sitting in the very graveyard my mother is buried in, and wonder how I can be here.  And then I notice it, that distinct emptiness within my body.  It’s warming me in the freezing rain, allowing me to think clearly for the first time in fourteen years.
Ithinara is gone.  I’m not sure when she left exactly, but she did.
I burst into tears.  
I’m alone for the first time in what feels like my entire life, and it is as great as it is terrifying.

Home is warm, but I don’t beat Dad there.  His car is in the driveway, and after a quick glance through the living room window I see that he’s already spotted me.  He rushes to the front door and I meet him there.
“Willa,” he says, “where have you been?  What—what happened?”
I look down at myself, wondering if I’m still covered in Cain’s blood but find only dirt.  Dad isn’t talking about that though as he touches the scrape on my temple.
“I tripped,” I lie.  “I tried to run home to beat the rain—it went a little wrong.”
Very, very wrong.
“Why didn’t you call me?” he questions.  “I could have picked you up.”
He urges me inside and into the bathroom where he wipes away the blood and puts on a bandage.  In the bright fluorescent light I still can’t see any of Cain’s blood on me, but it doesn’t make me feel any better.  Dad is eyeing me.
“Were you crying?” he asks.
“I’m a wuss that can’t take a fall,” I suggest with a shrug.  Ithinara has taught me well in the art of deception.  Apparently.
Dad leans over so that we are eye level.  “Are you okay?”
I smile.  “Dad, I’m fine.  I just—boys suck.”  Demons suck more.
Dad takes the bait.  “Any boy that rejects you is obviously insane.”  He wraps me in a heartbreaking hug, and I feel as if I’m about to cry again.
“I know,” I say through a sniffle.
He gives me a squeeze and is first to break off.  “Okay, now you take a shower and come downstairs; I’ve already made dinner.”
I do as Dad tells me, and once I’m in dry clothes I make my way to the kitchen.  He’s made Mac and Cheese, one of his “specialties”, and has already set it on the table.  After a quick look at my PJ’s, he asks, “Do you want to watch TV while we eat?”
“Sure.”  Anything to ensure I don’t have to talk, or even think.  Thinking is not something I want right now.
We sit on the couch and watch cartoons for an hour.  When I’m done eating I begin to wonder if I should call Beth and ask what to do.  My phone sits on the kitchen table, too far away from me.  I don’t want her to know what I’ve done, because I’m not sure she would forgive me.
I know Delilah will.  She understands that Ithinara is the one to blame, and not me.  I feel more guilt for thinking that way.
“Time to be adults,” Dad announces as he flips the channel over to the news.  
I don’t have time to even groan in protest before I read the breaking news headline that slides across the bottom of the screen.
MURDER DOWN HOLLOW’S WAY, it reads in large red letters.  The reporter on the screen is in the rain, beneath a black umbrella.  She’s talking to the camera, and being ignored by every officer around her.
But I can see the outline of a car behind her, and it looks just like Cain’s Neon.  I swallow audibly but it doesn’t make Dad change the channel.
“Reports are coming in that the victim has only been dead a couple of hours,” the reporter announces, “and that it was, in fact, a homicide.  Police have yet to announce if the victim has been identified, but witnesses say that it was a young male.  The chief of police says there will be a press conference later tonight.  Back to you Carmen!”
The image flashes to a dry studio, two different reporters on screen.  I don’t hear what they say and tell Dad I’m feeling tired from running so far.  He gives me a kiss on the forehead before letting me leave.
I quickly grab my phone and hide in my room, wrapping my comforter around me as if it were a shield.
Cain is the only one on my mind.  The way his eyes rolled up, the way his blood tasted.  The way he had kissed me in class, not even a day ago, and the way he always grinned.  I bite my lower lip, ready to have a very long cry when my phone beeps.
It’s Beth.  She asks, Did you get home all right?
It depends on how one views the word “right”.   I don’t know how to reply, my own conscience creeping upon me.  Beth will only feel guilty if she knows the truth, and I think it might be better if she doesn’t know.  Maybe she’ll believe that someone else out there killed Cain.  Even I doubt that.
I call her, ready for the truth.
“Hey, you alive?” she asks.
“Yeah,” I mumble.  “Beth—I—”
The doorbell rings before I can confess anything.  It scares me so bad I jump from my bed, and almost scream.  “I’ll call you back.”  I hang up the phone before she can protest.
I put on my plush blue robe and head to the top of the stairs.  Dad is already answering the door and telling me to go back to bed, but I want to know who it is.  There’s a feeling in my stomach that is hard to recognize.  It almost feels like hope.
Dad pulls open the door, but I black out before I can see who it is.



Chapter 17

I awake to the smell of Chai tea and something else familiar but unrecognizable.  It was woodsy but light, an odd combination.  I scrunched my eyes, and heard someone say, “She’s waking up.”
“Willa?” Dad calls.  “Willa, are you okay?”
I finally manage to open my eyes, and Dad is standing over me.  He looks concerned, with a furrowed brow and deep lines beside his eyes.  Guilt strikes again—hard.
“What happened?” I mumble, having difficulty finding my voice.  My head is pounding.
“You passed out at the top of the stairs,” he says, “and almost gave me a heart attack.”  He looks behind him at someone else, but I can’t see who it is.  “Could you get her some water?”
My bedroom door creaks as someone leaves without saying anything.  Struggling to lean up, I push Dad away a bit.  “I’m fine,” I tell him, “I guess I was just really tired.”
“I think you should go to the hospital,” he argues, “just to be safe.  You did hit your head.”
“It’s just a scrape,” I say.  “What time is it?”
“Just past ten,” he tells me.  He sighs and runs his hands over his face.  “I’m just glad you’re okay.”
I nod.  “Who was at the door earlier?”  That feeling of hope inside me isn’t going away, and I think I have it because Ithinara is gone.  I give her a moment to argue with me, to mock me and tell me that I’m completely wrong but there’s only my own thoughts in my head.  It’s nice.
“Your boyfriend came by to see how you were doing after detention today,” he says with a frown.  “The detention you never mentioned.  Tomorrow we’re going to have a nice long talk about it.”  He sighs.  “For now I’m just glad you’re okay.”
Of all the things he says, I’m most confused about the word “boyfriend”.  I ask him who he means, and he looks confused now.
“Who do you think I mean?” he questions.
“Don’t tell me you forgot about me already,” a voice says.  My door creaks open and my heart begins to pound.
Cain Steele.  Completely alive and grinning at me.  As if nothing had even happened.
I can feel the blood draining from my face, but nobody else notices.  Dad only stands and takes the glass of water from Cain to hand to me.  I take it without much thought, and almost drop it as I set it on my nightstand.  
“Can I talk to her alone a moment?” Cain requests. 
“Door open,” my dad says.  There’s no way he would leave me alone in my room with a boy, especially when that boy is Cain.
The boy I killed hours earlier.
But Dad walks out of my room, almost like a zombie.  I watch Cain as he leaves, and as soon as he’s gone Cain shuts the door.  I can’t find words to ask any questions.
“You look puzzled,” Cain says.  “I guess that’s because the last time you saw me you were jamming a Victorian knife into my esophagus.  Understandable.”
I suck in a breath.  “How—?”
He arches one eyebrow and sits in front of me.  I want to crawl away and forward at once.  I can feel something dangerous within him, but I want to touch him just to make sure he’s there.  My hand reaches out with its own will and gently presses against his cheek.
He leans into it, and I jerk away.  “You don’t have to be afraid of me.”
“You’re dead,” I state.  
“Do I look dead to you?”
“You did.”
Cain smiles.  “You’re cute, you know, for a Walcott.”
I inch backwards.  “How do you know my mother’s maiden name?”
He sighs, but seems like he’s faking it.  I know he’s enjoying my confusion, I just don’t know why.
He’s clean from head to toe, not a drop of blood or dirt or even rain on him.  Just like crashing the car, I have one memory but reality is proving different.
“Have you ever looked at my eyes?” he asks, facing away from me.  He peers around my room curiously, pretending to be more interested in it.  I know he isn’t.
“Your eyes?” I repeat.
“Yeah,” he goes on, “they’re a shade of bluish-grey that people relate to hurricanes; humans were always so poetic.  They’ve told me that my whole life but for the past few years I’ve been hearing it more.  They’re electric and captivating, but they aren’t my true eyes.”
He faces me, eyes shut.  “Do you want to see my true eyes?”  As he reveals them to me I almost scream.  But Cain stops me by shoving his hand over my mouth.  I’m pinned against the wall, staring into his eyes.
They’re not right, much like mine weren’t.  The iris is too long, and the blue is too vibrant now.  His brow almost seems to curve down in anger, yet he wears a smile.  I can’t blink, can’t even dare to block him from my vision.
“Don’t scream,” he orders, “if you scream then Daddy comes running, and if Daddy comes running, Daddy dies.”  I nod to let him know I understand.  I can’t stop nodding.
His hand pulls away.  “Good.”
“Ithinara what are you doing?” I ask.  “Why are you in Cain?”
He laughs.  “Don’t be ridiculous, and don’t ever think I’m that low-class of a demon.  I’ll use your terms, to make it easier to understand.”  He shoots me a wink.
“You’re not Ithinara,” I say.
“Nope.”
“Who are you then…and why are you in Cain?”
“I’ve always been in Cain,” he explains, “at least for a while now.  In fact, I’ve been in him so long, you’ve never met Cain.”
I gasp.  He gives me a moment to process that, or maybe he’s just reveling in my fear.  After I come to terms with everything that’s happened between me and—and who I thought was Cain, I ask, “Who are you then?”
He squints his eyes.  “Is that what you really want to know?  How long was Ithinara inside of you, telling you to do things you didn’t want to do?  You don’t have any questions about her?”
I shake my head.  “I knew what she wanted; she wanted me to kill you—or Cain.”  Maybe it wasn’t Cain she wanted dead at all, but the demon.  I remember jamming the knife into Cain’s throat—this things throat, and wonder why Ithinara left so quickly.
She had to know it wouldn’t kill him.
The demon rolls his eyes.  “My name is Vetis, if you really need to know.”
“Vetis,” I say, voice somehow controlled.  It didn’t quiver or give away to how fast my heart was beating.  I clutch the blankets closer to me, knowing I’m not going to get away from Cain—Vetis easily.  I do not have any crosses nearby to protect myself from him, or any holy water either like Beth would.
My phone begins to ring loudly, making me jump.
Vetis stands with a grace he never showed before.  His eyes drift lazily to the phone on my dresser.  He says, “You should get that; it might teach you something about me.”
I don’t understand what he means, but he leaves without saying anything else.  I am able to breathe, but hurry to the door while my phone continues to sing.  Cain leaves without harming Dad.
As soon as my phone stops ringing it begins again, and this time I check the ID to see who it is.  Beth.  Of course.
I answer, having more questions than ever.
I don’t get a single word out, her crying is too loud and obvious.  “W-W-Willa,” she sobs.
“Beth?  What’s wrong?”
“The boy they found on Hollow’s W-Way,”—her voice breaks in another sob—“it-it was Joe.  Joey’s dead, Willa.  He was murdered.”
I listen as the phone smashes against the hardwood floors of her dining room.  Feet shuffle, and Delilah comes on.
“Are you busy?” she asks.  “I think you should come over to Beth’s.  God…I can’t believe someone would…would do that.”
I can, I think.
“Delilah,” I whisper.  I look out my bedroom door and only see the hallway, but it’s like Vetis has left a taint there.  It still feels like he is in the room with me.  I shudder to think that it was him that kissed me and toyed with me all those times I was with Cain.  “I think I know who did it.”



Chapter 18

Beth is a hunter, but she isn’t acting like one now.  She’s acting like the seventeen year old girl she is, and cries over the death of her boyfriend.  I feel bad for her, knowing that it is most likely my fault.  Joe must have been the person to pull over after I stabbed Cain.  The words to explain to Beth what happened aren’t coming to me.
Delilah is hugging Beth and shedding a few tears herself.  It’s a sad day in Hollow’s Point; I can’t remember a time when someone was actually murdered here.  
I’m standing in front of both of them, biting down on my fingernail.  My Dad is downstairs talking with Beth’s parents about the tragedy.  He’s talking about how scared he is for the rest of us, because if someone was willing to kill someone like Joe then anyone could be next.  I wish I could comfort them and tell them the truth.  Although the truth is not comforting at all.
Anyway, who would believe me?
“I just saw him today,” Beth sobs, “I-I don’t understand.”
“Come on,” Delilah says, “you believe in Heaven.  You know he’s in a better place.”
I’m not sure how being killed by a demon affects the soul, but I hope she’s right.  She looks up at me and nods her head towards the bed, signaling for me to sit down.  I can’t and shake my head.
“Why would someone want to kill him?” Beth asks.  “What did he do?”
He tried to do a good deed, I think bitterly.  He probably thought someone’s car had broken down in the rain, and he wanted to help.
Delilah says, “Don’t think like that.  Think of where he is now.”
Beth sobs again.  “Away from me!”
I can’t take the crying anymore, guilt weighing down on my shoulders.  “I know who killed him,” I whisper.
Both Beth and Delilah stop breathing.  They’re looking at me with wide eyes, waiting for me to tell them everything.  My mouth is dry, and I can’t stop biting my nails.  It is a new habit, or maybe an old one Ithinara had been inhibiting. 
I look over my shoulder at Beth’s door, hoping nobody is listening.  Dad’s voice drifts from downstairs, saying something about letting us skip school for a few days if we want.  Beth’s mother agrees.
“Willa?” Delilah asks, her voice soft.
“I just—something happened when I was going home today,” I say.  “Cain was driving me home, then…then Ithinara took over and—”
“She killed him?” Beth accuses.  Her eyes are puffy and bloodshot, her blouse dotted with her tears.  She stands, almost ready to strangle me it seems.  But she doesn’t raise her hands, only stares.
“It wasn’t Ithinara,” I tell her.  “It was another demon.”
I explain what happened, with very little detail.  I keep my voice low, telling them how I attacked Cain, how I ran off when someone pulled over, and I later awoke to find Cain in my house.  I tell them of Vetis.
Delilah is shocked.  “Another one?  Why is he here?  How?”
I shake my head.  “I don’t know.”  I’m sitting beside them now, and we’re all staring at the floor.  My breathing is slow and controlled, though I think it should be the opposite.  I’m so tired, I’m not even sure how my eyelids have stayed open.
“It knew your mother?” Beth asks.  I barely hear her.
“He called me a Walcott.”
“Not ‘he’,” Beth corrects.  “‘It’.  I know you had Ithinara in you for a long time, but you can’t think they’re anything but demons.”  She bites down on her bottom lip.  “They’re all monsters.”
Delilah rests Beth’s head on her shoulder.  “Why would it call her a Walcott?”
Beth’s eyes close.  “There’s a couple possibilities,” she admits.  She doesn’t give us any other information.
“What are they?” I finally ask.
Beth is quiet.
“Beth?” Delilah questions, giving her a light push.
My hunter friend sits up and puts her head in her hands.  “Willa we’re going to need help with this; I need to tell my parents.”
I swallow.  “Why?”
“Most demons want to corrupt,” she explains, “so they take over a person and cause as much chaos as they can before the hunters find them.”  She licks her lips, rubbing the palms of her hands on her jeans.  “If I were to take a guess, I think Ithinara possessed you to do the opposite.”
I flinch.  “She wanted me to kill Cain—or Vetis.  Whoever was there.”
Beth nods.  “Because Vetis wants something much worse.”
Sweat begins to trickle down my temple, my heart picking up it’s pace.  What could be worse than killing someone?  I’m not sure.
“He wants you, Willa.  He wants to bring your soul to Hell.”



Chapter 19

“Hell?” I repeat.  “How do you know that?”
Beth looks to her bookshelf, a tall stack of shelves filled with various knick knacks and novels.  Some books look brand new while others look ancient; I imagine they’re the ones from her family.  The ones that keep track of the hunters over the centuries.  
She stands, her legs a little shaky, and heads over.  She removes two of the newer books, and reveals a second row.  Her hand reaches in to pull out a wooden box; I recognize it as the one she bought a few years ago at a craft fair.  But it’s different now; it’s covered in strange carvings and markings I don’t recognize.  Just looking at it makes me uncomfortable.
Returning to the bed, Beth opens the top and passes me a silver pendant.  It’s a cross, with more swirls and carvings etched into it.  “Wear it.”
I shake my head.  “It looks expensive,” I say, “why are you giving it to me?”
“Because it’ll stop Vetis from taking you,” she explains.  “Demons have been known to…become attached to certain bloodlines.  Usually witches.”
Delilah doesn’t laugh, but she makes a disapproving noise under her breath.  “She isn’t a witch, B.”
“I know that,” she argues, “but maybe one of her ancestors was.  We don’t know why Vetis is focusing on you, but it’s clear that he’s going to be in Hollow’s Point until he gets whatever it is he wants.  I think that’s you, Willa.”  She thrusts the pendant at me again.  “Wear it.”
I don’t try to argue with her because I really don’t want to.  A demon is after my soul, what else is new?  I don’t want to be possessed again.  I put on the necklace, finally able to touch a cross without burning.  And without the presence of Vetis.
“Are there any demons that can touch a cross?” I ask quietly.  When I am with Cain—or Vetis—I never burn.  Is he immune?
Beth swallows loudly.  “I need to ask.  As far as I know that isn’t possible…unless they’re too old maybe…too powerful.”
Delilah and I say nothing, because there is nothing to say.  There’s a knock on the door and I quickly tuck the pendant inside my shirt; it won’t do any good if someone sees.  
Dad walks in.  “Sweetheart it’s time to go; you all need to rest.”
“I can’t stay?” I ask.
He shakes his head.  “It wouldn’t be good to impose right now.”  He looks to Beth.  “I’m so sorry, Bethany.”
She nods.  “Thanks.”  Looking to me she adds in a whisper, “Be careful.”  Her arms give me a tight, desperate hug.  I’m not sure how scared I should be, or if I need to worry right now because of what happened.
If Vetis is after my soul, why didn’t he just take it before?  He could have easily possessed me when Ithinara left.  I only have questions, and nobody to ask.  As I leave I give one last look to my best friends, and question just how much Beth will tell her parents.  I imagine they won’t be pleased if they find out I’ve been possessed for so long.
Dad puts his arm around my shoulders as we walk out into the rain, puffing up his black umbrella to keep us dry.  He walks me to the passenger door of his car and lets me in first before running to his side.
From the car I can see the light is still on in Beth’s room, the shadow’s moving back and forth.  She’s pacing.
“Dad?” I ask.
“Yeah?” he says back, pulling out of the driveway.
“Can we visit Mom soon?”
Dad pauses, unsure of what to say, I guess.  “Of course.”
He sounds like he is about to cry, and I don’t blame him.  I’ve never gone to visit her in the fourteen years since she died.  But now I can.  Maybe Dad will want to go more often now.
I feel like crying, but I hold it in.  The tears are brimming along my lashes, so I look out the window and watch the street lamps pass by.  These tears are not really for Joe, but almost for myself.  How wrong is it that I’m happy right now, because of all I can do, when my best friend is in pain?  It isn’t right.  I’ve no right to be excited about the possibilities of a future, when someone no longer has one.
I resist a hiccup and put a hand over my mouth.  I continue to look out the window as we pull into our own driveway, listening to the empty thumps of heavy raindrops.  Dad turns the car off.
“The police are doing everything they can,” he tells me.  “I’m sure they’ll find the person soon.”
If only they knew it wasn’t a person.  I nod and suck in a breath.  We walk into the house and shut the door.  Before I walk up to my room my dad gives me a kiss on the forehead.  My eyes fall down, meeting with the glass cabinet by the door.  A space is crying out to me, a noticeable difference against the black cloth.  A blade is missing.  Dad’s knife from the Boer War that I shoved into Cain’s neck.
I almost start to panic at the thought, because what if the police find it before I can?  They’ll think Dad did something, or I did.  Dad pushes me towards the stairs, and I force my eyes away from the cabinet.  I don’t want him to notice the missing blade.
I don’t know what to expect tomorrow.



Chapter 20

I wake up feeling light and normal.  For a brief moment I forget all about what happened the day before, and think Ithinara is still in my head.  I think of Cain, and how I’m excited to see him for only a second before the world crashes hard against me.  My hands quickly cover my reddening face, embarrassed by my own thoughts.  I feel like I’ve betrayed Beth for thinking of him like that.
The smell of waffles and bacon is drifting up the stairs.  I check my clock and see that my alarm is about to go off, so I slam a hand down on the button.  The intrusive device doesn’t get a chance to make any noise.
Lifting myself from the bed is a chore, but I manage.  I want to immediately call Beth and see how she’s doing, to see if she’s coming to school today but I doubt she is.  Has she talked to her parents yet?
After a quick shower I get dressed, finding it difficult to fit my cast through my sweater.  When the struggle is over I hurry down the stairs.  Nobody has texted me overnight like they usually do and I feel a little lonely.  The cross that dangles around my neck is a heavy reminder that I still have friends though, and people that care for me.
As I pass by the front door someone knocks quietly.  It isn’t loud enough for Dad to hear, so I open it without telling him someone is there.  It is most likely the neighbour asking for our newspaper or something, I tell myself.
But it’s Cain.
“Good morning,” he says with a grin.
I am pale and shaking.  My knees almost give out, but my grip on the door is too tight to let me fall.  I ask, “What are you doing here?”
Cain’s eyes fall to my pendant.  I quickly tuck it away, but it’s too late.  “That’s cute,” he says with a wink.  “I like a challenge.  And trust me, you Walcott’s have been a challenge.”
“So you are after my soul?” I ask.  “You want my family’s…souls?”
“Ehhh,” he stalls, squinting his eyes, “yes and no.  But that isn’t why I’m here now.”  He holds up Dad’s knife, clean of all blood and any evidence it had been sticking out of his neck not even twenty-four hours ago.  “I thought you might want this back.”
I go to reach for it and he hands it over easily.  I stuff it into my pocket as fast as I can.  
“Do you need a lift?” he asks.  “I bet there’s going to be a lot of commotion at school today.  Oh, and my mom wanted you to know that you don’t have to worry about Sunday dinner with what’s happened.  I would—“
“Willa’s staying home today,” Dad says behind me.  I jump as he pulls to door open wider, giving Cain the stink eye.  Vetis, I think loudly.  It’s Vetis.
“Hi, Mr. Queen,” he says, showing us a charming smile.   “I was just driving by so I thought I would ask.  I didn’t think Beth would be able to drive today.”
“Thank you for being so considerate,” Dad says, his voice low.  He doesn’t like Cain, probably because I convinced him the boy broke my heart.  In a way that is what happened.  It probably doesn’t help that he came by last night claiming to be my boyfriend.  “But Willa’s going to be with her friends.”  He smiles and shuts the door.
I cheer him on in my heart.  “Thanks,” I mumble.
“That’s what I’m here for,” he tells me.  I’m still holding the knife in my pocket, and my hand is starting to sweat.  “Now come on, there’s bacon waiting in the kitchen for you.”
I nod as he walks away.  As quietly as I can, when Dad’s out of sight, I lift the glass top and set the blade down.  I can’t tell if it’s in the right way, but it’s there and that’s good enough for me.  Dad calls for me to hurry up.
When I set the glass back down, I feel only slightly better.  It’s one less thing to worry about for the day.

After breakfast I discover that Beth won’t answer any of my calls.   I remind myself it isn’t personal, and that she either isn’t near her phone or she’s busy doing something with Joe’s family.  Most likely it’s both.
Dad offers to stay home from work, but I tell him to go.  I even lie and say I’m going to stay with Beth and Delilah for the day.  After some negotiation he finally leaves, the door slamming shut behind him.
It’s so strange to be alone.  My ears ring with the silence that surrounds me, an emptiness that is both comforting and scary.  Is it like this for everyone, or just me?  I wonder if I will ever get used to being alone.  I’ve never really been left to my own devices before, and I hope I will have many more days like this.  Of just me.  Only my own thoughts in my head, my own voice and movements.  I inhale and exhale a few times, thinking of what to do.  Imagining a future of moments exactly like this.
My computer beckons to me, demanding I start working on my essay again.  It knows of the looming deadline, but I avoid it.  There’s no way I will be able to focus on anything other than demons today.  I consider writing my essay on demons.
I remember the book that Beth had tried to give me, forgotten at the animal shelter, and possibly torn up by cats now.  There is still a chance that it hasn’t been found, so I throw my bag over my shoulder and start walking.
I text Beth and Delilah to let them know I’m going to the shelter, and I try to convey I’m getting the book without giving away too many details.  Neither of them replies, and as I find no new messages by the time I get to the shelter my lips turn downwards.
When I push the door open my phone finally lets out a short trill.  Delilah.
She tells me she’s with Beth, and that they’re both at her house.  She wants me to come over, so I tell her I’ll be there as soon as I can.
Lying my way into the shelter to see the cats, I sit with them for a few minutes before searching for the book.  The receptionist isn’t watching me, and has gone outside for a cigarette.
I peer into the cat tower to find a pair of yellow eyes staring at me.  My heart thumps hard as a low growl resonates from the tower.  I can’t tell who is inside.
Reaching slowly with my cast covered hand, I feel a cat scratch at it as a quick warning.  When I don’t retreat it growls louder.  I grow tired of this, and grab it by the scruff on its neck and yank it forward.  A small calico hisses and runs to the safety of another tower.
“Jerk,” I mumble to it.  I don’t recognize the cat, so I assume it’s only just gotten here.  Most cats are aggressive their first couple of weeks, and I make a mental note to leave it alone for another volunteer to break in.
My hand lands on the book.  I can feel the long torn lines of cat scratches up and down its surface.  Pulling it out I see the damage isn’t too bad; hopefully Beth won’t be too upset by it.
The rest of the book seems intact, with no pages missing or torn.  The cover took the brunt of the damage.  I glance over my shoulder to see if the receptionist has come back, and she hasn’t.  I hurry back to my bag by the front door and stuff the book inside.  I only stay another ten minutes before rushing to see Beth and Delilah.
Somewhere along the way I stop though, the weight of the book on my shoulder becoming too much.  I want to open it, and allow my eyes to caress the ink and paper on my own.  I take a seat on a nearby bench, knowing it’s a bad idea with Vetis in town, but finding no other option.  The hunters can wait a few more minutes.
The scrawled writing is a little difficult to read, but I manage.  The first few pages tell me nothing I don’t already know about demons; like who they enjoy possessing, or how to properly get rid of one.  It goes over their strengths and weaknesses, and discusses how they cannot enter holy ground.
I flip forward, hoping for information on Vetis.  Or how demons can be immune to the cross, or how one could actually convince a family of hunters that they are human.  It sounds impossible, and I start to question just how good the Steele’s are at hunting.
Or maybe Vetis is just that strong.  I shiver despite the sun against my back.
I find a passage that goes over why demons focus on particular souls.  There are multiple reasons, and whoever wrote this part feels it is because demons simply enjoy torture; there’s no real reason.  I feel that might be the case with Vetis.
But as I read on I find a quick note about bloodlines.  Some are worth more than others in Hell.  A witch, for example, has the potential to become a demon upon death.  Under the right circumstances, an entire bloodline can easily be twisted into something unholy.
I bite my lower lip.  Could that be why Vetis is after my soul, or my family?  I slowly close the book, unable to read further as my mind processes everything.  My legs move but I’m not sure how I’m doing it; it isn’t the same as when Ithinara took over.  I know I’m the one moving, but I don’t think about where I’m going.
I’m heading towards Beth’s house, finding only more questions along the way.
I stop at a crosswalk, awaiting the light to change.  A car pulls up in front of me and stops, the windows tinted so black it is like looking into a mirror.
My eyes are wrong.  They are too green, and I look too angry.  I gasp and step back as the car turns the corner, taking my visage with it.  I run across the street as soon as it’s safe, questioning if Ithinara is really gone.  My hand touches the cross around my neck, and it is the only thing giving me hope that she is.  If she was still inside of me, if she had merely tricked me into thinking she was gone…I wouldn’t be able to wear this.
But Vetis can touch the cross, and he is a demon.
I don’t know what to think anymore.  
By the time I make it to Beth’s house I’m out of breath, running from nothing but my own thoughts.  It’s been like that for a very long time.
I’m not sure if it will ever change.



Chapter 21

Beth is no longer distraught, but rather inspired.  She still paces in her room, with Delilah and I watching nervously.  There is a fire in her eyes I don’t recognize and have never seen before.
“I’ve changed my mind about my parents,” she confesses, the words rushing from her.  I imagine she has been thinking of them all night.  “I’m not going to tell them about Vetis.”
I’m surprised but not disappointed.  If her parents found out about me I don’t know what I would do.  Or what they might do.  “Why?” I ask.
Delilah mutters something under her breath about Beth being crazy.  I feel my brief time away has made me miss too much information.  It seems so much has gone on that I am not aware of.
“Because this is exactly what I needed,” she goes on, “to get into this.  I was never going to start hunting; I was going to be a teacher,”—she sticks her finger in the air—“I was going to show young children the perils of demons and how to handle them.  But not anymore.  Not after what that bastard did to Joey!”
Delilah and I both flinch at Beth’s curse.  I’ve never heard her swear before, and the word is foreign on her.  It seems wrong, like she isn’t herself.  Grief is a strange creature.
“You don’t mean that,” I argue, “being a hunter would mean…I don’t even know.  Hunting?”  I am certain that is one of the dumbest things I have ever said, but it’s all I can think of.  I can’t see Beth being a hunter, despite everything.
“I do mean it,” she says.  “And Vetis is going to be my first.  I’m going to hunt him—and get him out of Cain and send him to Hell or—or just kill him!  I won’t let him take you Willa!”
I know she’s not doing this just for me, but for Joe and everyone else in Hollow’s Point.  If Vetis was so willing to kill Joe, it’s obvious he will kill again.  It could be anyone, and it will most likely be me.
“You can’t do this alone,” Delilah says, her voice rising.  She stands, hands in fists at her sides.  “How exactly do you plan on exorcising him, huh?  Remember the last exorcism?”  I instinctively go to cover my scar with my head, even though I am wearing a sweater.  “We don’t know anything about this.  Just—tell your parents.  The punishment will suck but at least you’ll still be alive.”
Delilah is logical, and I can’t help but agree.  We have a better chance of living through this if we ask for help, yet my insides are telling me to go through with this.  I can’t believe it, but I am on Beth’s side.
“Okay,” I say.  They both turn to me before they can start a yelling match.  I stand on strong legs, much stronger than this morning.  “What do we need to do?”
“You’re with me?” Beth asks.  I can hear the uncertainty in her voice, the fear.  Even she knows just how impossible our task is, but I move past it.  My decision is made.  I nod once.
Beth’s face pales, and then turns just a bit green.  She hiccups and covers her mouth, rushing to her private washroom.  Delilah and I listen to her dry heave twice before walking in on her.  As she continues to be sick, Delilah lifts her hair away from her face and I lean against the counter.  I grow uncomfortable as Beth releases the last of her breakfast, and look away, catching my reflection.
My eyes are not my own.  I let out a scream, a short gasp of sound that echoes against the tiles around us.  As I move away from the mirror my reflection does not do the same.  My narrow brow and vivid green eyes are bored, and they roll upwards with exhaustion.
Beth and Delilah both jump to their feet.  When they each see what is happening Beth asks, “Are you wearing the cross?”
I fumble to show it to her, to prove that I am no longer possessed.  She looks confused.
“I’m not in you,” my reflection states, the voice a little deeper, “I’m in Hell.”  As she says the word the mirror shakes, a shimmering reflection of the bathroom disappearing into a darkened pit with flashes of lightning.  Soon it is normal again.
“Ithinara,” I whisper.  “How are you here?”
“I’m not,” she says.  “Not really.”
“Why are you here then?” Delilah asks.  Beth seems to shocked for words; her mouth is hanging open, much like mine.  I’m still holding the cross in front of me, and Ithinara rolls her eyes at it again.
“Because I couldn’t get back in,” she explains.  “I tried but someone is wearing a charm.”  She glares at me.
I don’t know what to say.  “Why?” I ask.  “You made me kill Cain, so why would you want back?”
“Besides the fact that Hell is just so nice?” she questions me.  “Because Cain isn’t dead.  He’s possessed by Vetis.  So let me back in and I can finish what he started years ago.”
“Cain wasn’t your target,” Beth realizes, “Vetis was?  If you want to kill him why don’t you just drag him back to where you’re both from then?”  She’s getting angry again, her initial shock fading.
Ithinara arches a brow at Beth.  “Massachusetts?” 
We all look at each other.  Ithinara adds, “Have you not wondered all these years why I chose Willa as my host?  Or why I would ask her to kill for me?”
“You’re a demon,” states Beth.  It really is all we need to know about Ithinara to answer why she was inside of me.
“I am a Walcott,” Ithinara sneers, “I have done all of this for your own good!”  The mirror shakes with her anger.
Words escape me.  It is happening a lot lately, this loss of speech.  My heart thumps hard against my ribs and a single drop of sweat drips down my left temple.  My ears ring, but not because I am alone, because of the opposite.  Because Ithinara is standing before me once again, and she is claiming to be connected to me, just in a very different way than before.
Ithinara crosses her arms with a huff.  “I have been protecting this family from Vetis for centuries.  I failed once before, but I will not again.”
My mind whirls.  I lick my lips and sit on the edge of the bathtub, struggling to find it.  My vision is getting blurry, but I blink it away and look back at Ithinara.  She is staring down at me, more anger in her eyes than sympathy.  The fact that there is sympathy there, hidden deep in her irises is a miracle all its own.
“It was him, wasn’t it?” I whisper.  “It wasn’t you.”
“What is it?” Delilah asks.  She leaves Beth’s side to sit beside me on the bathtub, her hand rubbing my back.  “What wasn’t her?”
“It was,” Ithinara admits.  Her voice is quiet, showing her guilt.
I take in a breath.  “Vetis killed my mother.”
Beth looks at me.  “I thought—”
“I—I lied,” I say.  “The reports all said she committed suicide after attacking me, and she did.  But her eyes—I thought it was Ithinara.”  I shut my eyes in hopes of seeing some clarity, but all I find is more darkness.  “It was Vetis.”
“If I had not been there, you would have also died,” Ithinara tells me.  “You’re welcome.”
My instinct is to apologize for thinking Ithinara a killer, but I remind myself that she is.  She tried to kill Cain in hopes of ridding the world of Vetis, after all.  
“Vetis has been after our family for many years,” Ithinara says, moving on from something I can barely fathom.  “He has been trying to eradicate us since he discovered us.  I have been ensuring he doesn’t.”
“How?” Beth asks.  “And why does he want Willa?”
Ithinara sneers, obviously tired of explaining.  “Because you were a witch, when you were a human, right?” I ask, finally finding my voice.  “And demons want witches, because they can turn into demons.”
“Among other things,” Ithinara says.  “So take off the charm, and I will ensure he does not harm you.”
“No,” I whisper.  I stand, fingers still clutching at the cross.  “I don’t care who you are, family or not.  Protector or murderer.  I don’t care!  We will find a way to get rid of Vetis before anyone else has to die.”
“That’s right,” Beth agrees.  “We don’t need you, Ithy.  You wouldn’t be able to do anything anyway.  You went fourteen years without making any progress.”
“Vetis had not shown himself—” she begins, but Beth cuts her off by taking a tube of lipstick and drawing a cross on the mirror.  She says a prayer over it, and Ithinara lets out a curse as the mirror shimmers and I have my own reflection back.  My true reflection.



Chapter 22

“She’s lying,” Beth says.  “She has to be.”
“It wouldn’t be the first time,” I agree, “but I don’t think she is this time.”  I sigh and think over all the times Ithinara has protected me.  The first time was when my mother attacked me, and I had thought she’d gone insane.  Apparently it was only because Vetis was inside of her.
I rub my hands together, a cold seeping in.  We are still inside Beth’s bathroom, each of us in a daze.  I’m not sure how long we’ve been here for.
“So you think we need her help?” Beth questions.
“No,” I say quickly.  “I just don’t think she’s lying.  I’m not going to let her possess me again, no way.”  I just have to avoid my reflection for a while.  At least until we can get rid of Vetis and Ithinara permanently.

We spend the rest of the day brainstorming ideas on how to perform an exorcism, and I leave the book of demon knowledge with Beth.  If anyone is going to figure this out, I know it will be her.  She thinks that since Vetis is so powerful that we will need to get him onto holy ground to perform a proper exorcism, and give us a slight chance at saving Cain—if he’s even still in there.  Beth didn’t say it, but I could tell there’s a chance he’s gone.
I put on my jacket at the front door of her house, telling her to call me if she needs anything.  Dad will be here soon to pick me up; I’m more than a little grateful I don’t have to walk home.  If I ran into Vetis again I’m not sure I would survive.
“Do you think you’re going to school tomorrow?” Beth asks, a hidden meaning beneath her words while her parents listen in.  If I go I will surely see Vetis.
“Maybe,” I say.  “Do you want me to get you anything from there?  Like…assignments?”  It’s a lame thing to ask, considering Beth’s last concern is schoolwork.  It would be even without demons around
Beth gives a strong nod.  “Only if you go.  I mean, you can come hang out here again if it’s okay with your dad.”
“I’ll text you in the morning,” I tell her.  I open the door to leave, seeing Delilah is staying overnight again.  As I do I am blocked by a shadow.  I expect to see Cain’s blue-grey eyes there, but as I turn I find Nico, holding a bouquet of flowers.  Her smile is gentle and warm, and everything about her is inviting.  It’s nothing like when we first met.
I open the door wide so she can talk with Beth and her parents.
“I’m so sorry to hear about what happened,” Nico says.  She seems at a loss for words, because what else can you say when someone dies?  Everyone here has strong ties to their religion, and despite their pain they know he’s in a better place.
I have my doubts.
They invite Nico inside, and she gives me a small nod, a hug for Beth.  Dad pulls up to the curb and waves at me, so I take my leave.  I give Beth a hug, and then Delilah.  Just as Delilah pulls me towards her she whispers, “Field trip.”
My eyes widen with the thought.  I don’t have any time to ask how we could make that work, because Beth is being pulled away.  We part, a plan beginning to form.
If we manage to get Vetis alone on the trip to Hollow’s Church, it might be our only chance to catch him unguarded.  I shiver as I sit down beside Dad, feeling the weight of an impossible task leaning on my shoulders.
“Catching a cold?” Dad asks.  “It’s probably from running around in the rain the other day.”
I nod.  “Maybe.”
I look out the window and catch my reflection; my eyes flash bright green for a fraction of a second before fading out.  I quickly close them, even though Ithinara is already gone.   As I do my other senses take over, and I find the scent of flowers wafting towards me while Dad starts to drive.
I glance into the back seat.  “Were those for Beth?” I ask.  “Or Joe’s parents?”
“Actually they’re for your mother,” Dad states quietly.  “I thought…maybe we could visit her today.  If you still want to.”
I pause.  “I do.”  In a way there is nothing I want more than to visit my mother’s grave.  But I’m afraid of how I might react when I see it.  It’s been so long since everything happened, and I know my memory has warped the truth.
I don’t know what I expect to see as we pull into the graveyard.  For a split second I expect to be crushed by the electric force that once kept me out, but I enter just as easily as before.  Nothing is stopping me, nothing hurts.  Physically at least.
Dad pulls over on the side of the dirt path and parks.  We sit in the car a few minutes, each of us gathering courage.  Dad is first to step out, and I remain in the car until he grabs the flowers and knocks on the window lightly.
I set a foot against the dirt and gravel, feeling the rocks stab against the bottom of my shoes.  We start walking, neither of us saying a word.  I realize I don’t even know where Mom is buried exactly.
Dad leads me down a row of grey headstones, each and every one of them coated with words and flowers.  Each person loved, even after they’re gone.  My heart rate picks up as Dad’s pace begins to slow.  It isn’t long before he stops.
He turns and hands the flowers to me, wrapping an arm around my shoulders.  He’s looking down at the name I know I’ll soon read, but my eyes won’t listen to my brain.  They stare forward for too long, refusing to move that small distance.
They drop.  My fingers wrap tighter around the flowers, almost crushing them before I manage to set them down before Mom’s name.  It’s carved out of granite in big, chunky letters, stating her birth and day of death.  Requiescat in pace.
I’m kneeling before her while Dad stands beside me.  “Can I talk to her alone?” I request.
Dad stalls but soon agrees.  “I’m right over here if you need me.”
“Thanks,” I whisper.  I wait until I can no longer hear his footsteps, or feel the comfort of his presence.  I say, “I’m sorry, Mom.  You’re dead because of me, just like Joe is.”  I can feel tears brimming against my lashes.  Heavy drops fall instantly, dotting the dying blades of grass below me.
“You didn’t try to kill me,” I say, “it wasn’t even Ithinara like I thought.  I’m sorry I blamed you for so long.”  I wipe at my cheeks with my jacket sleeves.  “I’m sorry, Mom.”
I can’t say it enough.  I had thought Ithinara was the one to try and kill me, for so long.  But there were times when the doctor’s made me think that maybe I imagined it, maybe the trauma was too much because my own mother had attacked me.  There were moments when I hated her for what she had done.
There isn’t enough time in the world for me to try and make up for my thoughts, or even to try and make things right.  I’m not sure I can make things right, not for my Dad, or for Joe and his family.  Not for everyone in Hollow’s Point.
At least I can try.
Dad’s heavy steps approach me, and I stand, still wiping at my tears.  He gives me a hug and another of his fatherly forehead kisses.  “I’m sorry I took so long,” I say.
“You can take as long as you need, sweetie,” he tells me.  “Take all the time in the world.”
We stay a while longer before heading home.  My chest feels heavy, but I feel even more determined now.
I assure myself that Vetis isn’t long for this world.



Chapter 23

There is a week left for us to prepare for the exorcism.  Only a week for us to gather supplies, and figure out exactly where we can hide in the church to ensure nobody will catch us.  An entire week for Vetis to wander around using Cain’s body, and kill whomever he wants.  Including me.
I sit in creative writing, terrified that he may walk in at any moment.  Delilah said she is staying with Beth, and helping her find a way to get the materials we need.  I’m clutching at the cross around my neck, hopeful that Vetis will not show today.
He walks in, crushing all my hopes.  With a grin he sits in front of me and turns, as if we are about to have a normal high school conversation before class starts.  I can see two girls on the other side of the room eyeing him, and I wonder if I had looked like that.
“What?” I ask.
“That attitude isn’t very nice,” he tells me, “I thought we were dating.”
“We’re not,” I say.  I grip the pendant tighter, and he eyes it again.
“You think that will protect you?” he questions, leaning over my desk.  His face lowers so his eyes must look up to meet mine.  “I know what you’re planning.”
I know he’s bluffing.  He has to be.  There’s no way he could know we’re trying to trick him into the church.
“What’s that?” I ask, playing stupid.  I glance around to make sure nobody is listening, but it’s too hard to tell.  Most students are involved in their own conversations, or have their headphones in with music blasting.  Still, someone could easily hear us if they wanted to.
“You want to save him,” Vetis says, “and send me back from whence I came.”  He rolls his eyes, as if he’s heard this a hundred times before.  “I’m not the kind of demon that can be kicked out with a prayer and dash of holy water.”
I look him in the eyes, and think of all the pain he has caused this town.  My family has suffered, my friends have suffered.  It is enough.  “We’ll see about that.”
He smiles wide enough to show his teeth, his entire face lighting up.  He’s merely amused by my words, and nothing more.  Vetis is not the slightest bit threatened by me.  “I look forward to this.  The moment you try to send me back, I will take you with me, Walcott.”
Vetis turns back around, and doesn’t look back for the rest of class.

When I arrive at History class I find that Vetis is already there.  I feel a demon would often be late, but maybe he’s trying to impress Nico, and make sure she doesn’t find out the truth.  Our teacher is writing on the blackboard about our trip to Hollow’s Church, and adding some required reading.
I take a seat as far away from Vetis as possible, but the distance still isn’t enough.  It will never be enough.  The bell rings, and class begins.
“All right everyone,” Ms. Coyne calls.  “Monday is the deadline to hand in your permission slips for the trip next week.  Now, I want to assure you all that this trip is not to try and convert anyone from their religion.  It’s not about religion, it is about how religion has affected our town.  Please, tell your parents that.”  She sighs and rubs at her temples.  “Anyone that has a signed slip give it to me after class.”

That evening Beth calls me to talk about our plan.  She tells me what we need to do, and agrees that the sooner it’s done the better.
I only wish we didn’t have to wait a week for the better.



Chapter 24

A week passes slowly and uneventfully.  I avoid Vetis as best I can at school, and he makes no attempts to speak to me outside of school grounds.
Finally, the trip to Hollow’s Church arrives.  I feel very unprepared.
I pray that everything will go well as I step into the church because Vetis seems extremely confident today, and every time I pass my reflection I find Ithinara there.
Something is happening today; I hope it is the something I want.



Chapter 25

Demons are naturally curious creatures, Beth told me.  She insists that when Vetis sees me going into the basement of the church, away from her and Delilah, and away from all prying eyes, he will not be able to resist following.  She also says that he will most likely try to take me then, even on holy ground.
She is not sure if the church is strong enough to protect me.  I choose to risk it, if it means there is a chance to rid Hollow’s Point of Vetis.
I take a deep breath and look back at the group, none of them notice me leave.  Beth and Delilah have already started to pretend like they don’t see me go, and Vetis is watching.  I pretend not to notice him as I push the door open.
The hallway towards the basement is short and bright.  An angel statue sits in a pool of sunlight, it’s wings hidden behind.  I look only for a moment before hurrying down the hall.  I’m slow to open the door to the basement, because I’m not sure if Vetis is actually following me.  I can’t hear any footsteps, nor can I hear breathing.  Only my own heart beating in my ears, and my quick, shallow breaths.
A hand covers my mouth as I’m pulled against a hard chest.  I try to scream, but a second hand grips my throat, almost crushing it.
“Ah-ah,” Vetis says, “scream, and anyone who comes running might have their insides splashed across an angel.”
As much as I want to scream I can’t; I can barely breathe now.
“It’s cute that you didn’t think I would know,” he goes on, “about your little plan in the basement of the church.”  I can hear from his tone that he’s rolling his eyes.  I’m struggling to get out of his grip, but it’s too tight.  My vision is darkening.
I choke on my words, and attempt to open the door to the basement.  If I don’t get him down there all of our work was for nothing, and soon Beth and Delilah will be coming down the hall.  The thought of them dying here makes me cold, and gives me enough strength the throw open the door.
Vetis laughs.  “Fine, you want down so badly?  Go ahead.”
I am thrown down the stairs so hard that I miss the first half of the steps.  My shoulder hits the edge of a step, and I twirl and tumble to the bottom.  Each time a strangled cry escapes my throat, causing even more pain.  I lay at the bottom of the stairs, Vetis’ shadow engulfing me.
Struggling to get up, all I can do is raise my body onto my elbows.  My wrist feels as if it has fractured all over again.  There is blood in my mouth, and I realize I bit my tongue on the way down.  I look up as the stairs creak under Vetis’ weight, each step bringing him closer.
The twisted pentagram that Delilah painted on the ceiling is still there, and I dare not look at it.  If I do, Vetis will surely notice.  So I crawl backwards as best I can, hoping he will walk under it and lose most of his power.  If Beth is right, this will give us time to weaken him further with holy water.
My sides ache.  All of me aches, actually.  I’m only a few feet away from the pentagram and the other symbols on the ceiling.  It’s tempting to look up, to make sure they’re still there.  I don’t even know what they mean, nor can I even begin to describe their strange lines and crosses, but I want to see them.  I close my eyes and try to crawl faster.
Vetis is watching me, a half smile on his lips.  Once he was amused by my pain, now seems to be getting bored with it.
“I almost don’t want it to be over,” he tells me.  “Centuries of hunting you down…it makes me a little sad to see it end.”
I am directly beneath the pentagram, and my body gives up.  I fall backwards and find myself staring at the black and red lines.  They’re blurry now, and I fear I am about to pass out.
“What is this?” Vetis curses.  I roll onto my side, wincing with a sharp stab against my ribs.  Blinking the fatigue away, I see that Vetis has stopped moving, and is now sneering at the symbols above me.  His eyes fall to me.
“You’re supposed to be trapped,” I mumble, blood sputtering from my lips.  Why isn’t he trapped?
His sneer turns into a smile.  “You fools,” he says, “these aren’t the right charms.”  Vetis bursts into laughter.
I can barely breathe after he crushed my throat, and each breath is like a blade to my body.  The stairs creak, and two shadows appear.
“Oh,” Vetis says, looking over his shoulder, “why don’t you join us?”  He waves his hand in the air, and both Beth and Delilah come flying down.  The don’t hit a single step, and land hard against the dusty floor.  Delilah is not moving while Beth manages to stand.
She holds a cross up to Vetis, a futile attempt at protection.  She mumbles something in Latin, but he doesn’t even flinch.  Lazily he turns to face her.
“Hunter,” he says, “you aren’t even worthy of the name.”
Vetis is ignoring me.  Our plan to trap him within the church has failed, and instead trapped me.  Should I leave the pentagram I will surely die, but I don’t think of that as Vetis steps towards Beth.  I stand, my entire body shaking.
“No,” I whisper, and I’m not sure what it means.  Maybe it is denial that we used the wrong symbols, or maybe it’s denial that any of this is happening.  I like to think it is denial that Beth or Delilah or I will die today.
I rush forward, not nearly as fast as I need to be.  With weak arms, I shove Vetis, distracting him long enough for Beth to try and get in the circle.  She doesn’t move, and while Vetis sends a growl at me I yell, “Get in!”  And point towards where I was.
Beth pauses.  Vetis grabs my throat again and tosses me backwards.  I land on a stack of boxes, the pain not nearly as bad this time.  My ribs begin to feel numb, and there are stars when I close my eyes.  I force them open, the stars lingering too long.
It takes a lot of strength just to lift my head, but I’m glad I do.  Beth has dragged Delilah into the circle, and they are safe.  She still holds the cross towards Vetis; his jaw is tight with irritation.
“When I am done with her,” he tells Beth, “you and your family are next.  I will destroy every hunter in this damned town!”
Beth doesn’t even flinch, she only glares.  My head rolls back unwillingly, the pendant from Beth falling into the gap behind my back.  It’s so hard to keep my eyes open.
“Willa,” I hear my voice say, “look at me.”
I blink a few times and look to my left, to the source of the sound.  It is my voice calling out to me, but deeper, stronger.  Darker.  I look at myself in a mirror, see the bright green irises, and know it is not me.  I can’t remember who it is.
“Take it off,” I say.  “Take of the cross, and I can save you.”
“No,” I mumble.  “Ithinara, no.”
The sound of shattering glass erupts.  I look over too see Vetis stepping into the circle with Beth.  I don’t know how he was able to walk in, but Beth and Delilah do not have much longer.  
“Take it off,” Ithinara says.
The last of my strength is spent tearing the chain away from my neck.  The pendant falls into the dust that surrounds me, making the faintest sound as it hits the floor.  I suck in a breath, no longer pained.
Get to him, Ithinara orders.  I cannot take control within these walls.
I’m terrified.  I’m terrified that I won’t make it in time, because Vetis is already raising his hand towards Beth.  I’m terrified that when I do, we will all die.  And I’m terrified that if we manage this, Ithinara will not leave.
I shake my head, trying to remove all thoughts.  I take a step, and then another, and another.  I can’t blink, because if I do I think my eyes might not open again.
“Vetis,” I growl, my voice not my own.  “You will burn.”  He is inside the pentagram now, and I look to my friends.  Delilah is still unconscious while Beth clings to a cross she knows does not work.  “Get.  Out.”
My breath is heavy.  Ithinara is struggling to stay with me inside the church.  I’m not sure how’s she managed so far; I think it might be sheer will power keeping her there.  And complete hatred for Vetis.  I try to use some of my own to give her strength.
Vetis is laughing loudly while Beth drags Delilah out of the circle.  “What is this?  What can you possibly do to me, Ithinara?  You low-class demon.  You are nothing compared to me; a peasant next to a King.”
My lips curve upwards, a small laugh escaping my throat.  Vetis adds, “You could never send me to Hell.”
“No,” she says, “I never could.”  She laughs, a throaty chuckle.  “So I’ll bring you there myself!”
The cold that once encompassed my entire being vanishes, and it is as if I am basking in sunlight.  The lights overhead flicker, the foundation shakes, and suddenly Vetis is screaming.  It wasn’t the scream from Cain’s voice; it was something an animal would make.  
My vision blackens as the lights give out, and I cannot tell if my eyes are open or shut.  I can hear Beth praying in Latin, and as the lights come back on she looks at me.  Her eyes fall to where the pendant should be.  “The cross,” she says, “hurry, put it on!”
I frantically nod my head and run to grab the pendant.  The clasp is broken, so I tie it in an awkward knot and let it dangle from my neck.  Having it there again gives a large amount of comfort.
I am kneeling near the boxes I fell on, and risk a glance into the mirror.  I see myself, just me.  I am covered in dirt and blood, my clothes are torn but my eyes are my own.  The mirror shakes, and the lights flash again, and I see Ithinara.
The real Ithinara.
She is not me now, though she wears my clothes.  Her hair is black and long, tied in a braid that drapes over her shoulder.  She struggles to keep someone beside her; a man no older than twenty.  His hair is white, and his eyes a shocking blue.  The image flashes again, and he bangs on the surface of the mirror, another scream erupting through the air.  I jump back and fall on my tailbone, pain shooting up my spine.  Lightning flashes over the mirror, and a pair of pale hands pull at the man.
Vetis is gone, and only Ithinara is there.
She grins at me, a satisfaction to show how her centuries old anger has been sated.  I blink, and the same set of hands yank her hair, her clothes, her limbs.  I know she is being pulled back to Hell with Vetis, but she never loses her grin.
I blink again, and am staring at myself.
“Willa?” Beth calls.  Her voice is hoarse.
“Yeah,” I whisper, then louder add, “I’m here!”
I run beside her just as Delilah begins to wake up.  “Did we win?” she asks.
Beth doesn’t answer, so I do.  “We did.”  My voice cracks.  “We did it.”  I grab them both into a hug.  Surprisingly, Delilah is first to pull away.
“Is he dead?” she asks, her eyes on Cain’s body.  He is lying in the middle of the pentagram, completely still.
As I go to check on him Beth wraps a hand around my wrist.  I can feel her shaking, and her eyes plead with me not to go.  “It’s fine,” I say, “it isn’t Vetis anymore.”
I’m slow to approach Cain, despite what I just said.  I saw both demons get dragged into Hell, but I’m still nervous.  I wipe at the blood along my chin, finding all my injuries healed.  I don’t know how I’ll explain that to the doctor on my next checkup for my wrist.  I doubt demon possession would go over well.
I kneel beside Cain and check for a pulse at his neck.  It’s weak but it’s there.
“He’s alive,” I say without looking away from him.  “Cain?”
His eyes squeeze shut, and his pulse quickens.  I move his head back and forth, checking for any injuries.  He seems fine.  “Cain?” I ask again.  “Can you hear me?”
He groans, his eyes fluttering open.  He sucks in a breath.  “Angels?” he asks.
I furrow my brow.  “Not…quite.”  I’m the furthest thing from an angel, really.  I smile at him and say, “Welcome back.”
My hand strokes down his face, an involuntary motion.  His own hand reaches up and covers mine; it’s warm but shaking.  “Thank you,” he says.  He moves my hand over his mouth, and gives it a gentle kiss.
“We should get him to a hospital,” Beth suggests. 
I look to her.  “Agreed.”



Epilogue

I sit at my computer, my college essay still lovingly blank.  My cursor blinks at me, and I only have fragments of what I wish to write down.  I’ve taken the past week off of school to recover from various injuries and traumas.  I think it’s Dad’s way of ensuring I don’t get into any more trouble.  After we got Cain to the hospital we agreed to tell the Steele’s the truth, no matter the punishment.  They were more grateful to have the real Cain back than to punish us for lying, and they helped us create a story to tell everyone why we were in the basement.
Dad is still paranoid that I’m acting out, though.  So when I asked to stay home for a bit, he allowed it.
It has given me time to write; if only I could find the right words.  Part of me wants to let the world know about what happened over the past month, about Vetis and Ithinara, and my family history.  It would never work, though.
So instead I begin to type out the beginning of a letter to my mother.  I write about what she did, and how I no longer blame her.  I write about how for the first time in fourteen years I’ve gone to visit her grave.
It is hours before I finish, and even I am surprised by it.  It needs some editing, and I won’t give it to Dad until I’ve gone over it at least a hundred times.
But it’s a start.
And a new start was all I ever wanted.

###
Continue reading for a look at D.L. Miles’ other works.



About the Author:
Devin grew up and currently resides in Southern Ontario.  She cannot leave the house without a book, camera, or notepad (though for some reason the pen is usually forgotten).  More often than not she can be found playing video games or watching way too many television shows.

Connect with D.L. Miles online
Website: http://www.dlmilesbooks.com
Twitter: http://twitter.com/somethingofdev
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/devmiles
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/somethingofdev
Instagram: somethingofdev


Igniting (The Dark Origins Trilogy)
Read the stories of three girls as they discover who they are, where they come from, and where they're going.  Each book is the tale of one girl, their life, and how different events lead them to the same place at the same time.  (This series can be read in ANY order).

Grace has finally escaped her past of foster homes and mall-cop jail cells. What she hasn’t escaped is her deadly temper, if she loses control black flames lash from her at high velocity. When a boy named Noah drags her through a magic portal after getting attacked she realizes she isn’t the only one out there with bizarre powers. But can she really trust someone with her biggest secret?

Prologue
RUNNING

Most of my life had been spent on failed attempts to run away, or successful attempts at escaping.  Okay, so maybe that doesn’t make a lot of sense, but let me explain.  When I was a baby I had been dropped off on a church step (how movie-esque), and abandoned by my birth parents.  The church burned to the ground shortly after I arrived and I was put into the foster care system, being tossed from house to house after more fires started (hence the successful escapes).
Finally when I was eight years old, I decided to run away, at which point I was caught two blocks away and returned to my “loving” temporary family.
Three houses later at the age of fourteen I managed to escape another fire, and was presumed dead by authorities.  I don’t know who they found in the remains of the school that day, but they thought it was me.  Whoever it was, I’d like to thank them because they’re the only reason I’ve managed to live free from adult supervision for a year now.  I just wished I was free of the black fires.
My name is Grace; a nun gave it to me after she found me in the burned remains of that church.
I’m a fire starter.
Maybe.
Actually, no.
I have no idea what I am.



Chapter 1
LIVING (BARELY)

I ran faster down the street, deep auburn hair flying behind me after shaking loose of the small elastic.  Really, I hadn’t expected the security guard to actually resort to hair pulling in his pursuit.  But I grinned wide as a bus passed by and I spotted Clara in the window, waving frantically at me with a matching smile.  I glanced over my shoulder, the guard falling further behind. 
I took a corner as quickly as I could without needing to brace myself for impact.  Next time I took Clara to the mall for a little shopping I would make sure that the stores hadn’t installed new cameras with a brand new security company.  Then again, there might not be a next time when Fern found out.
Thankfully it was late in the evening, the busiest time of day for foot traffic in Havenbrooke County, and as soon as I hit the crowded street I was lost in a sea of people.  I threw my green hood up, ensuring they wouldn’t recognize me by my hair.  You’d be surprised just how many times I’d been caught based on the fact I was a redhead.  It was rather unfair, really, but I was reluctant to dye it.
I gripped the plastic bag tighter in my hands, feeling the conspicuousness of the food as if it had giant arrows pointing me out.  Another quick look over my shoulder told me I’d temporarily lost the guards, or maybe they just didn’t care that much about a few bracelets and groceries; or, most likely, their chairs and doughnuts were calling them back to the mall.
Someone slammed into my shoulder, shaking me enough to almost fall over.  A hand caught my elbow and steadied me.  “Sorry,” they said, “didn’t see you there.”
“Yeah,” I breathed, looking up to find a pair of insanely light green eyes staring down at me; they almost looked turquoise.  “It must be so hard to look in front of you.”
The boy that had hit me didn’t look much older than I was but I found it unnerving that he wasn’t immediately letting go of my arm.  My chest warmed with a familiar heat that often came before one of my accidents, so I wrenched out of his grip.
“You know, technically you hit me when you were looking over your shoulder,” he said.
“Yeah, well,” I stammered, “you coulda dodged me.”  I hurried away from him, a strange tingling sensation rushing through me.  Everything was blurring in and out of focus as I moved quicker down the street.  I didn’t know how many people I ran into trying to get somewhere secluded but the burning in my chest was getting worse.  Finally, only when I set out running again did it start to calm down.
I whirled around another corner only to crash into the side of a hotdog cart.  The man operating it yelled at me in a language I didn’t know.  “Sorry!” I shouted back at him, the flames on the grill rising high enough to reach the umbrella.  The fabric ignited and more screams erupted when the black flames lashed higher, but by then I was already down the street and thankfully out of earshot.  After what felt like an eternity I made it into Fern’s building and ran for the basement.
The door to the supply closet slammed behind me and I fell to my knees.
“It doesn’t control you,” I whispered, “you control it.  It is your gift, not your curse.”  I grunted as small sparks erupted from my fingertips.  “Keep it down.”
A few shaky moments later I took in a deep breath.  Sweat trickled down my face and dripped onto the concrete.  Slowly I came to my feet, apples spilling out from a burned hole in the grocery bag; thankfully the contents seemed just fine.
As I opened the door a wave hit me, giving me only enough time to mumble, “Aw hell,” before the explosion hit.

When I made it up to Fern’s apartment (after taking five flights of stairs because the elevator was permanently broken) I noticed that my little problem in the basement had shaken the four off of our door.  I nudged it aside on the grimy carpet and stepped inside, the lock still broken, to be met with a rusted chain across my eyes.
“Fern!” I called in.  “Fern, open the door!”
“I would if I wasn’t so busy trying to straighten all the pictures from that stupid quake!” she yelled back at me.  After some minimal crashing the door slammed shut and reopened to show me Fern.
Splattered in paint and soot and a few other unidentifiable splotches across her chest, she eyed me.  Dyed black hair tied in a tight bun on the top of her head, I saw a few random pieces of clay and paint in there too.  I stepped inside, slamming the door behind me.  “Clara here?”
“In her room,” Fern said.  “Lost it again?”  She gave me a pitying look.
I grimaced and moved on, not feeling like getting into what had happened.  “I’m good now.  Got some groceries.”  The bag hung on my fingertips as I raised it into the air.
“Ohh,” she cooed, “apples!  Burnt apples…how do apples burn like this exactly?”  She took a large bite out of one and grabbed the broken bag from me, dragging it into the kitchen.  Since she was occupied, singing a song about how she was making a pie, I wandered into the room I shared with Clara.
“You got away!” she cheered when I stepped into the doorway.
“Yup,” I said, trying to be just as happy about it.  Despite my slip up downstairs it had been a pretty good day.  It had been a pretty good six months, actually, not that you’d be able to tell by the state of our apartment.
In my room was one twin size bed and a sleeping bag, a few books piled in a corner with a mysterious water stain beneath an empty cobweb.  The window near the bed had a crack in it that got a little bigger every time I had an “accident”.  Our dresser held assorted stolen jewelry, clothes, and art supplies with a single picture of the three of us on top.  I eyed it a moment before joining Clara on the bed; what would I have done if Fern hadn’t found me?
“Check this out,” Clara said, pushing a pair of earrings towards me.  “Real diamonds.”
“What?” I questioned.  “Where did you get real diamonds?”
“That little sales person on the street,” she went on excitedly.  “She was busy talking to some guy about them and I nabbed them coming home.  Awesome right?”
I smiled at her.  “Good job.  Now go to bed, you got school tomorrow!” I didn’t have the heart to tell her that the woman on the street corner was a scam artist, and that the earrings weren’t real diamonds.  
“Do you want the bed tonight?” she offered.
I shook my head.  “No, it’s fine.  I’ve got some things to do with Fern anyway.”  As I left the room I flipped the light switch off.  Clara only sent a couple groans of protest my way before falling silent.
The floorboards creaked as I shuffled towards the kitchen.  Fern found me, her head poking out of the kitchen.  “Did I hear you talking about school?”
“For Clara.”  I sighed and hopped onto the counter.  
“You should go too,” Fern argued, “get an education, go to college.  You’re fifteen, you should be in school.”
“I should be a lot of things,” I mumbled.
“You should have the opportunity to get a better life.”
“I should have a last name, too, yet here I am.”  I leaned back on the counter and watched her reaction, but like the typical laid back woman she was, Fern only smiled.
“I don’t have one either.”
“You choose not to have one,” I said, “I don’t have one because…I just don’t.”
Fern set the apples in the sink and began to rinse them.  After she rubbed one clean she sighed and put it down, turning off the trickling water.  She faced me, her normally bright eyes seeming tired and lifeless.  “We decide who we are, that’s why I choose not to have a last name.  I don’t need what my family was willing to give me; I’m my own person.  A name doesn’t define us, Grace.  Our actions do.  We do.”
I rolled my eyes and jumped from the broken tiles on the counter.  “Right, you always say that.”
“You’ll understand one day.”  She smiled and returned to washing apples.
It was hard not to roll my eyes again.  As grateful as I was for having Fern in my life, and having her be so willing to take me in, she said things like “you’ll understand one day” and “it will make sense in time” a lot.  It’s been nearly sixteen years; if I don’t understand now how could I later?
Though I didn’t want to I said, “I’m going out.”
“You’re not going to steal again, are you?” Fern asked.  Just as I reached the front door I turned and faced her worried expression.  Guilt crept into my stomach and I tried to shrug it away.
“I’m just going to a club,” I told her, but it did little to ease her worry.  She clasped her frail hands together and only nodded.  She knew just as well as I did that we needed to money.  Besides, it’s not like I ever got caught.
I was feeling exhausted after blowing up again, but I didn’t have the luxury of grabbing a good book and taking a nice long bubble bath, mostly because we barely even had a bathtub.  Also, most of the books we had were burned after I accidentally exploded in our old place (which was technically a motel room).
My shoulders rolled as I sighed, wondering how hard it would be to get into one of the four clubs downtown.  Pickpocketing was easy in those places, at least compared to a bar.  Lots of cash, cell phones and cameras that could easily be pawned, and most people didn’t notice anything was missing; and when they did I was long gone.  The only trouble I usually had was getting in.  At fifteen I really looked like I was fifteen, which meant I always had to find an open back door.
I decided to hit up the busiest club in the county, Haven Oasis.  Most people just called it The Oasis, and it was about as dark as a club could get without everyone being completely blind.  They had drinks that were priced just right to make people want to pay in cash, which meant extra cash if I managed to get in.  Recently they’d beefed up their security after a group of minors had gotten drunk and one vanished from their restrooms.
As I turned the corner the moon was already overhead and glaring down at me.  I shivered against the cold of March, thinking about how I should have switched my sweater for a jacket.  But I could already see the line of people waiting to get into Oasis, and there was no turning back now.
I skipped past the line of people, noticing a few of them sent me glares as I walked past.  I ignored them and went to me I special access.  It just wasn’t lined with a velvet rope, and instead was blocked by the dumpster.
A single knock at the door around the corner and it opened, and Sam appeared with a smile.  “Gracey, good to see you again.”
“It’s Grace,” I corrected.  “Let me in already, it’s freezing out here.”
“Ah-ah,” he sang, pushing back his long blond bangs.  “Thirty per cent of the findings.”  He wagged a finger at me.
I gaped.  “Thirty?  Last week it was only fifteen!”
He shrugged, a hand still resting on the door.  “I got caught letting minors inside, and the price has gone up.  So, thirty.”
I pursed my lips, wondering if it would be worth it.  Sam knew he had me; there was no way I’d be getting in the front door.  Slowly I nodded my head and his grin widened.  “That’s my girl.”
“Bite me.”
“I would love to,” he told me as he stepped back.  “But Song has put in a rule that I’m not allowed to touch the talent.”
“Talent?” I repeated.  I flexed my fingers at me sides, trying to get a bit of feeling back into them.  The back of the club smelled of cigarette smoke and just a bit of puke.  A dark hallway led towards the front of the club, the music already vibrating through my body.  Sam followed me towards the front of Oasis.
“You earn lots more money kitten,” he said, “and Song would like you to know of a few more rules.”  He stopped me just before the door.  His large hands suddenly gripped my shoulders, his breath hot against my ear.  “No repeat steals, no hassling the musicians, and no getting caught.”
I tried to shrug him off but his grip only tightened; I winced under it.  “And one more thing,” he added, leaning in even closer, “if you skip out on the bill again, you’ll wish you were dead.  Have fun!”
Sam opened the door and shoved me out.  Even the heat of the club couldn’t stop my shivering.
It was hard not to think about what might happen if I did skip out on giving Song, the creator of this lovely theft system, thirty per cent of what I stole.  I’d only skipped out on the bill once, and it wasn’t fun.  I did wonder what he would do though; what would make me wish I was dead?  A lot of things crept into my mind, and none of them I liked.  I remembered what happened last time, and compared to what I’d heard about it wasn’t so bad.  First punishments were always pretty lenient…second ones though?  Not so much.
I shook out of my head, focusing on the problem at hand.  If Song was going to be getting thirty per cent, I needed to get a bit more.  No waiting until afterwards to find what I took; I had to check while I was still there.
As always, the club was packed.  Young men and women lined the bar and dance floor, moving and swirling to the music.  I picked out a couple targets while I was on the edge of the chaos and started moving.



Chapter 2
TAKING

I had managed to nab four wallets from the men, and two small clutches from the women before deciding to check them out in the bathroom.  I hide them beneath my sweater as I ducked into a stall, beating a drunk girl before she had a chance to pass out in it.  As I opened the first wallet I heard her throwing up into a sink, and the disgusted moans of the other women.
So far the night had paid fairly well, with one iPhone, one digital camera and about two hundred dollars between the wallets.  I pocketed the phone for myself, feeling that if I was able to score another phone Sam wouldn’t mind me taking the first one.  That didn’t mean I was going to stop for the night; I’d only been there for half an hour.
I stepped back out onto the darkened dance floor after receiving a glare from the drunk girl as I left.  A few dance moves later and I had another wallet in my hand.  Unfortunately I also had a hand on my wrist.  I stalled and looked up.
Oasis had apparently hired an even newer security guard, because the man that held my wrist was not the usual uniformed lackey.  He dressed in a black sweater, with leather pants and he actually had a mask on; like a full out balaclava.  The only part of his face that showed were his eyes and mouth, and they weren’t exactly pretty.  Someone could use some lip balm.  Seriously, if he wanted to stand out he should have just worn a sign that said, “Hi, I’m security and take my job way too seriously”.
“Did it hurt?” I asked him.  The only way I could tell he’d heard me was by a subtle tilt of his head.  “You know, when I kicked your jewels in.”
I didn’t kick him, but opted to knee him below the belt.  He grunted and leaned over, letting go of my wrist.  I took my cue to leave and ran for it, hoping to get to the back door where Sam would maybe keep me safe.  At the very least he’d keep me from getting arrested.
The crowd seemed to move in on me, more and more people flooding in from the front doors.  Geez, hadn’t Oasis ever heard of fire hazards?  The further I moved the harder it was to breathe.
A glance over my shoulder showed me I’d lost the man that had grabbed me, and I was beginning to question if he’d even been security.  It was beginning to look a lot like a kidnapping, so where was the real security?  I pushed hard against the people, finally making it to the edge of everything when I saw that the man in the balaclava had friends.
Two more men in black masks appeared, rushing towards me through the crowd with surprising speed.  Normal people did not move that fast in a club and I knew they weren’t the normal security.  There was no way Song would hire these guys if he wanted his patrons to be robbed.
My heart was beginning to beat hard against my ribs, panic was setting in along with a familiar warmth.  I pushed it down, wondering why my heat would flare up so quickly after I’d already lost control.  It had been less than two hours!
As the men closed in on me I started moving towards the back doors, only to be blocked off by a third man.  This one wore all black, but he didn’t have a mask.  I couldn’t focus on his features, at least not all of them; all I could see were his teeth, two rows of jagged white spikes as he smiled.  My mouth gaped and my brow furrowed.  So not security.
“Over here,” whispered a voice.  I turned to my right, wondering how I’d heard a whisper with such pounding music surrounded me.  I wondered how I heard it over my own heartbeat.
A boy stood there, with green eyes so light they looked turquoise, and a grin on his face.  He leaned against the wall, one foot propped against it as he nodded behind him.  “This way.”
I looked left and right and didn’t know what he was talking about.  There was no doorway there, no path to escape.  The men were getting closer, all of them slowing down for some reason when they saw the boy near me.  His own eyes shifted towards the attackers.   I blinked; that’s what they were, they were attacking me.  I couldn’t believe it.
But my chest was getting hotter, and my vision was beginning to blacken around the edges.  I took a deep breath, and the boy seemed tired of waiting for a response.  He jumped towards me and grabbed my hand into his.  “It’ll be fun, I promise.”
He yanked on my arm and we crashed towards the wall.  The men dashed forward, one of them narrowly missing my hoodie as the boy and I disappeared into the concrete wall.  We’d gone so fast I had barely seen what happened (it probably didn’t help that I squeezed my eyes shut), but I remembered the distinct outline of a door, lined with blue lightning.
Only when the grating music turned into trickling water did I open one eye.  My feet were wet, nose scrunched so tightly I thought it might permanently stay that way.  The boy was still holding onto my hand and I wrenched out of it.  He didn’t try to catch me as I fell backwards into the fountain.
Twisting my neck I looked around quickly, gauging my surroundings.  My mind was taking it’s time trying to figure out what had happened, and I was grateful for the distraction; the heat in my chest was completely gone.
I sat in the fountain in the center of town, streets deserted at this hour.  Beneath my hands I could feel the coins people had wished on, the cold water soaking into my sleeves.  I took a deep breath, then another.  And another.  “What?”  That was the only word I could think of.
“You looked like you needed an escape,” the boy said, crouching down into the water.  He didn’t seem bothered by the cold, or by the fact that he had somehow teleported us across the county.  I stared at him.
“You’re the guy from earlier,” I stammered, “the one I ran into.”  His bright eyes and dark hair were a combination hard to forget; you know, when you were able to come back to reality.  Though as I sat in the fountain I wasn’t sure I’d quite made it there yet.
He nodded, giving me a gentle smile that didn’t show his teeth.  “And just think of what I’d do for you if you’d apologized.”
I flicked my eyes to the left, trying to decide if I could outrun him.  He rested his elbow on his knee, placing his head in his hand with a sigh.  His eyes looked me up and down.  “Why are you stealing people’s wallets?  You could just go to the Centre if you need some money.”
“What?” I repeated.  Geez, get attacked in a club, go through a portal and my brain turned to mush.  But as we stared at each other it snapped back to attention.  This guy had created a portal to another place.  It was like magic.  It was like my fire; unnatural.  Impossible.
I stood, and he did the same.
“I see you’re speechless,” he sighed.  “Do you need a lift back to the Centre?  I could take you.   I know, I know, it’s an amazing power but trust me I know a girl who’s way stronger with portals.  Like, she can make them—”
“I gotta go.”  I stepped out of the fountain and started moving.  My legs wouldn’t obey me and start running, but at least they didn’t give out.  The boy seemed surprised by my reaction and paused in the fountain.  I didn’t even care that the iPhone and camera were ruined, or that I had to walk home in the cold while soaking wet.
I risked a glance over my shoulder, wondering if he would be there.  He wasn’t.  I turned back around to find him in front of me, a small thin line of crackling blue light disappearing behind him.  I had to give myself credit for not shrieking, and instead covered my mouth as I flinched back.  I told my feet to run the hell away, but they had stopped listening.
“Hold on,” he said, giving me a quizzical look.  “You shouldn’t be alone right now; those guys might find you again.”
I nodded quickly.  “I’ll be fine, thanks.  And thanks for the assist at the club, but I’d like to go home and have my friend check me for a concussion which I’m like seventy-eight per cent sure I have.”
His brow furrowed.  “You hit your head?  There’s a wonderful druid not too far from here,”—he looked over at a nearby tree—“I think she heals for free if you’d—hey!”  I’d started to walk away from him.
“Where are you going?” he asked.
I stopped and faced him quickly, making him flinch.  He put his hands into the pockets of his jeans, staring at me with an annoying energy.  I wasn’t sure how to describe it, I could feel the excitement coming from him.  “Look,” I said, “I don’t know who you are, or what you are, but go away.  I don’t know why those men that attacked me, or what the hell is going on but—”
“You don’t know what I am?” he interrupted.  His eyebrows arched in surprised, his mouth hanging slightly open.  “Really?”  He tilted his head.  “Are you sure?”
I nodded energetically.  “Pretty sure, yeah.  I don’t think I know what can create portals in walls, or freaking thin air.  So if you don’t mind; I’m out of here.”
This time when I walked away, he let me leave.  Though I had my hopes, I was certain this wasn’t going to be the last time I saw him.

I didn’t want to go home, not if that freak was following me.  He’d helped me, sure, but why?  And I seriously did not want him to know where I lived, or to meet Clara and Fern.  No way.  So I took what little money I’d stolen from the club and found myself a cheap motel room.
In the surprisingly clean bathroom mirror I checked myself for injuries.  Besides a waterlogged iPhone and camera, and shaky hands, I was fine.  There was no obvious gash on my head, but that didn’t mean there was no brain damage, and there weren’t even any scrapes or bruises.  I sighed at my reflection.
The image of the man in the club, with the jagged teeth and his friends in the masks flashed in my mind more often than the boy that made portals.  What the hell were they?  Why was I the one they grabbed?
Nobody else had seemed to even notice them, which made me worry more.  A group of men in masks, with shark-like teeth should have made everyone there panic, but it was like nobody could even see them.  I bit my bottom lip, debating what to do.
I couldn’t go back to Fern or Clara, not now.  The boy had a point; those guys might come back.  He might come back!  I groaned and leaned against the counter; I didn’t have nearly enough money to leave town with.
A knock at the door made my heart skip a beat.
Normally I wouldn’t answer it; I’d ignore it and let whoever was on the other side leave.  But in motels when someone knocked and nobody answered it meant someone might break in.  I didn’t have the energy to fend off more attackers; not that I’d really done anything before.  “Who is it?”
“Manager,” came a woman’s voice.  I immediately calmed down.  “Just had a problem with the credit card.”
As I swung the door open I said, “I didn’t pay with a—”  I slammed the door shut as I saw the boy standing there, a girl beside him.  I locked it quickly, debating what to do.
“It’s okay,” I heard him say, “this is our thing.  She leaves, and I follow.”
The girl with him grunted in response.  He called into the room, “I just want to talk.”
“We,” she corrected.
“Yeah, right,” I muttered, leaving the door.  I checked the bathroom, wondering if the window was big enough to crawl through; nope.  There was nowhere for me to run, there wasn’t even anywhere for me to hide in the tiny room.  But it didn’t matter as a thin line opened up to a doorway, and the boy and girl stepped through.  She shook her shoulders as if it were cold.  “What do you want?”
“To talk,” the girl said.  Her raven hair was cropped into a pixie-cut, sharp eyes matching her cheekbones.  She couldn’t have been much older than me, but she wore a pant-suit with shiny black shoes.  No accessories; how boring.  “Noah tells me you don’t know what he is.”
“Gee,” I said, “sorry for not knowing what kind of person can make portals.”
One thick brow arched.  “You really don’t, do you?”
I shook my head, hands flat against the wall as I tried to figure out how to make it to the front door.  I could hide in the bathroom, but with him here that didn’t matter.  How could I hide from someone that could teleport?  I couldn’t.
He smiled at me, his teeth still hiding beneath his lips.  “But you know what you are, right?”
I blinked slowly.  Both their eyes widened.
“Do you know of the Centre?” she questioned.  “Of Legion?”
I looked away, unable to answer.  She took a deep breath and pressed her hand against her chest, seeming more shocked than I was.  “How is this possible?”
Noah shrugged.  “Adoption, maybe?”
“Even then—”  She couldn’t seem to make an argument.  Actually, she seemed too taken aback to argue, and was now staring at me with wide brown eyes.  “You need to come with us.”
“Like hell I do,” I shouted.  “Who are you people anyway?  What is going on?”
Her eyes narrowed but before she could say another word the boy cut in.  “I’m Noah, and as you can see we aren’t exactly human.”
“Well good for you Noah,” I said, and he actually looked pleased.  Clearly sarcasm was lost on this kid.  “But I am so not going anywhere with you people.”
“You don’t know what you are, right?” he said.  “I can tell you’re like us, you are.  But you’ve never known.”
I said nothing.  Noah turned to the girl.  “Sasha, you can smell it right?  You know what she is.”
Sasha pursed her lips.  “I can.”
“What I am?” I whispered.  These people know?  I shook my head, feeling they were wrong.  How could they know?  How could she smell it?  It didn’t make any sense!
Noah faced me again.  “If you come with us, we can explain it.  There’s a safe place where psychotic skiers won’t be able to get you, and we can tell you everything.”
I broke down, for only a moment.  “Like how to control it?”
Sasha arched a brow again.  “You can’t control your power?”
I stayed quiet, immobile.
“Then you’re too dangerous to be on your own,” Sasha told me, “you need to come to the Centre with us now.”
Heat flared in my chest, and this time I knew it wasn’t going to go away.  I touched over my heart, looking down at my hand for only a moment before connect eyes with Noah.  His bottom lip lowered enough to tell me he knew what was coming.  Maybe he did.
But I didn’t have time to second guess my decision not to go with them.
The wave hit.
And there was nothing I could do to stop it.



Threads of Chaos

Mercy Singer died five months ago, but the doctor’s brought her back. Too bad she came back damaged; she’s started to have visions of people dying, and conversations with people that like to vanish. She thinks she's crazy, but when new kids Eve and Tristan Holmes suggest what she's seeing might be real she begins to wonder. What if she came back for a reason?

Prologue

The moon floated high over me, merely a sliver in the sky and not giving me much light to see by.  My boots pounded the ground, the familiar adrenaline running through my veins and numbness a person only got when running for their life; I remembered it from when I was a child playing tag, trying to escape being “it”.  Too bad, I thought, that if I was caught now, I would probably die.  No, I knew that I would.
My terrain changed from sleek pavement to soft grass as I rushed past the mausoleums and headstones, my pursuer not far behind.  If I survived this, what kind of story would it be?  I wondered.
The night had started off so well; sneak out to the Bay, meet up with friends and have my first drink.  Okay, I wasn’t really as interested in drinking as I was in seeing my friends, but it was still why I left home without telling anyone.  It was so stupid, I saw that now.  Leave home with a killer on the loose?  What would my parents say?  I wondered if anyone was looking for me yet…they must have realized I was gone…right?
Breath coming fast, I hopped over a small grave marker and landed on my foot wrong, twisting my ankle to an unusual angle.  I fell to the earth below and cried out, clutching at my injury before quickly glancing behind me.
There was nothing there, the world quiet save for the gentle whisper of the leaves.
“What?” I breathed.  He had been there, just behind me; I couldn’t have outrun him already.  Maybe he gave up?  I thought hopefully.  I imagined it was possible, but given that this man had said I was “perfect” I doubted it.
A sudden blow came to my side and my face was pushed down into the soft dirt next to me, a freshly dug grave.  Well, I thought, he’s still here!
I was on my stomach now when the man stood up, pinning me down with his shoe and pressing down onto my back.  Struggling, I tried to push him off, but the angle was wrong and I couldn’t do anything.  A fifteen year old girl versus a grown man?  Not only a grown man, an experienced killer.  
My heart was pumping, unable to handle or even believe such a situation.  It was now or never though and I decided that I really wanted to live.  I wanted to graduate from high school and I wanted to go to college.  I wanted to see my friends again and I wanted to have my first kiss.  I didn’t want to die.
The man gripped my dark brown hair in his hand and hoisted me upwards.  I couldn’t feel the pain in my ankle anymore, my focus on him.  
“I hate it when they run,” he said to himself, his voice deep, “it makes this so much harder.”  He laughed, short and loud.  It reminded me of my father’s laugh when he just couldn’t stop.  And the thought of my dad made me fight even harder.  With the last of my strength I swung at the man, managing to strike his face.  It didn’t do much, only interrupted his ramblings to himself, but it was enough for his grip to loosen on my hair.
I ran for everything I had.  This was my only opportunity and I wasn’t going to waste it as I headed for the first streetlight that came into view.  My ankle started to scream at me to stop, the sharp pain running through my entire body, but I wasn’t about to give up.  I was determined to not end up on the morning news, the third girl killed by the Balefire Bay Butcher, making him an official serial killer.
Blood trickled down onto my new leather jacket as I ran, reminding me that my ankle wasn’t the only thing that was hurt.  The man had also cut me when he grabbed me in the forest, slashing at my collar bone when I had tried to get away.  Now that was what had hurt the most; I had felt the blade slice right across bone.
As the incandescent light hit my face, I didn’t stop to bask in its glory.  I could hear the man, the killer, just behind me, shouting profanities for hurting him and what he was going to do to me when I was caught.  If, I told myself, if I’m caught.  Just as I was about to pass the streetlight I saw two policemen walk around the corner of the building.  I smiled, thinking I was saved as they saw me.
But a rough hand grabbed my arm and spun me around, bringing me face to face with the killer.  The cops shouted something as I came to a grinding halt, the man’s grip being unbearably strong.  A knife was in his other hand, and then suddenly it was plunging into my ribcage, a twisted smile on his lips.
“You’re safe now,” he whimpered, a strange amount of sorrow and happiness in his brown eyes, “it’s okay.  You’re going to be okay now, angel.”  
I stumbled backwards and he pulled the knife out.  As I fell I heard something go off, a shot from the police maybe?  There was more shouting and I heard more than I felt.  My head contacted with the concrete sidewalk.  I couldn’t see or hear what was going on around me now.  The world was beginning to blur while I stared up at the sky, grasping at my wound.  The blood felt wet as it coated my fingers, mind still trying to grasp what was happening.  What was I supposed to do now?
Something thudded at my feet and a blurred policeman came into view.  The walkie-talkie on his shoulder was buzzing as he applied pressure onto my wound.  I hadn’t felt the knife go in, it only pinched, really.  But now I could feel it searing, and a grunt escaped my throat.  He was saying something to me but I couldn’t make out what it was.
My bloodstained hand fell beside my face, looking for something, anything that would make the pain go away.  The clouds shifted across the moon and soon my breathing slowed, coming in white puffs beside me.  I closed my eyes, falling asleep to the sounds of the night.



Chapter 1

Five months later…
Standing in the bathroom I stared at myself in the mirror.  Wearing nothing but my jeans and a black bra I traced my fingers along the reddened scar down my ribcage; it wasn’t actually that long, only an inch and a half.  What I found harder to look at was the matching scar at the base of my neck, running down my collarbone.
I leaned into the mirror and gently touched it, remembering the pain it had given me.  The nightmares still woke me up at night, but at least they weren’t every night anymore.  Well, not the ones involving me at least.
“Hurry up in there!” my brother shouted as he banged on the door, snapping me out of the flashbacks.  Not a bad thing, I thought.  He yelled, “We need to leave if I want to get to work on time!”
“All right, all right!” I called back to him, throwing on a tee-shirt.  It helped to cover the scar, but the tip stuck out, just enough to bother me whenever I passed a reflective surface.  I shrugged my shoulders weakly in the mirror, knowing this day wasn’t going to get any better.
Opening the door I came face to face with Ben, unhappily giving me the stink eye for taking so long.  You’d think after being kidnapped by a serial killer and then being stabbed five months ago would get me a little sympathy, but not from him; he just became my body guard.  I could barely go to the kitchen without him there, and if it wasn’t him, it was my best friend Aria.  She still blamed herself for what had happened, saying that she should have been with me rather than flirting with her now boyfriend.
“What’s taking so long?” Ben asked me, spinning on his heel towards the front door.  I followed after him, grabbing my dark green army jacket off the rack along with a black scarf.  I used to wear them for style, but now it was only to cover up the scar.
“I wasn’t that long,” I told him, “we have plenty of time.”  The door slammed shut behind us, shaking the entire house as it always did.  He locked the front door behind me while I waited on the wooden steps of our childhood home.  Glancing around the neighbourhood, everyone that was usually out in the morning was there; the man across the street that always watered his lawn while drinking a beer, the woman next door getting her mail and the dog-walker who struggled to keep five animals at bay.  Always there at 8:30 in the morning, like clockwork.  I waved at the alcoholic across the street and he raised his can at me, smiling despite his wife starting to yell at him from the upstairs window.  I questioned if he even heard what she said anymore.
“You have plenty of time,” Ben corrected, “I’m already late.”  I crossed my arms as he flipped his keys around to find one for the little blue Toyota sitting on the pavement nearby.  Stepping off the porch with my brother I decided it was best to tease him.
“Hey,” I said, “I can walk to school.  No problem for me.”  I laughed at his silence, knowing he wasn’t going to leave me alone so easily.  As I touched the door handle the woman getting her mail turned to me, something she usually did.
“Mercy, darling,” she said.  “How are you feeling?”
“I’m…all better Mrs. Ryan.”  I forced a smile on my face, trying to sound cheery.  “All healed up.”
“That’s good to hear,” she said as she flapped her mail at me, “if you ever need anything just ask.”
“Will do.”  I waved goodbye and we went our separate ways.  Climbing into the car, Ben started it and immediately sped off towards my school.  This was going to be my first official day back, and it was no coincidence that I had picked today; it was my birthday.
I hoped that as long as people remembered it was my birthday it wouldn’t be “my first day back since I was nearly murdered”.  It would just be “my birthday”.  Then people could just give me happy wishes and move on, leaving the awkward silences and quick glances someplace else.
Even though I was a minor, and my name had never been released, everyone still knew it was me.  Balefire Bay was a small town, and I went to a small high school, so it was obvious that I was the one who was attacked.  Everyone knew I had technically died for roughly two minutes, and murder was something that had never happened in this town.  Serial killers were something that happened in big places, in other places.  Usually when you died here, you stayed dead.  But when I woke up in the hospital I became a “miracle survivor”.  Oh how I loved whoever started that one.
The car rounded the corner to the school, just missing a few of my classmates.  Ben ignored the honks he got from other students and parents as he pulled up to the front doors behind a school bus.  I looked at all the people passing by, none of them taking any notice of me.  My eyes drifted to the glass doors and it looked ominously dark inside the school, a strange feeling of dread welling up in my chest.  I had gotten the feeling plenty of times before, but today felt different.  It felt particularly gripping.
Ben’s fingers tapped my leg, dragging me from my thoughts.  He said, tone dripping with a sickening amount of pity, “If you need more time that’s fine.”
“Nah.”  I blew him off, along with any of my own feelings.  “No point in lying around the house all day with Aria skipping school to wait on me hand and foot.  Wait…maybe I should then?”  Ben smiled and rolled his eyes, reaching into his pocket.  He pulled out a small blue box, with a single gold bow taped to the top.
“Here,” he said as he passed it to me, “happy birthday Mercedes.”
“Ugh, don’t call me that!” I ordered.  “It’s just Mercy!  But thanks, can I open it?”
“Go ahead.”  Ben rested a hand on the headrest behind me as I picked the lid off of the box.  Inside was an old silver locket, decorated with flowers and swirls.  I held back a gasp as I picked it up, eyes threatening tears.
“Really?” I managed to choke out.  Ben gave me another pitying smile.
“You’re sixteen today,” he explained, “Mom and Dad wanted you to have it on your sixteenth birthday.”
I leapt over the seats and wrapped him in a hug.  “Thank you!” I cried.  When I finally released him I found I was pulling off my scarf, the one thing I thought I would never do in a million decades.  I put the locket on over my head, the chain so long that the pendant rested near my belly-button.  My scarf hung loosely over my shoulders as I admired my new necklace, well my new old necklace.  I had wanted it ever since I was four, but my parents always said that I had to wait until I was sixteen…when they died two years ago I hadn’t even thought about it anymore.  But Ben remembered.
“Thank you,” I said again.
“It’s from Mom and Dad,” he repeated, his voice was a little weak, but he quickly straightened his back.  “I’m giving you my gift after dinner tonight!”  His eyes flicked out the window beside me and he nodded out it.  “There’s Aria, hurry up or you’ll be late.”
“Bye,” I choked, my eyes still on the locket.
“If you need anything…”
“I know.”  I stepped out of the Toyota and waved at him after giving him a kiss on the cheek.  It took him a moment, but he eventually drove away, getting honked at again as he cut someone off.  I laughed, still on the verge of tears.
“Mercy!” Aria called to me.  I turned to find her running at me when she leapt into my arms.  “Happy birthday!”
“Morning,” I said, quickly sniffing back my pain.  Well, it was a sort of happy pain, if that made any sense.  “Sorry I didn’t walk with you.”
“Oh, that’s totally okay.”  She pushed herself off of me, a big smile plastered on her face.  “I’m just so glad that you’re here.  I get to have all my classes with you now so it’s going to make this year so much fun!  Hey—is that your family’s necklace?” Her attention shifted as fast as ever and she gently picked up my present.  
“Yeah.”  I grinned, excited that she was exactly like she always was.  “Ben just gave it to me.”
“Aw, no fair!”  Aria set it down and spun around, gripping at her hair in frustration.  “Now my gift will totally suck in comparison.”
“I’m sure it will,” I joked, “but can we get to class?  I kind of want to…just get some things over with.”
Aria turned back to me, less ecstatic than before.  She said, “Okay.  But there was an assignment do in first period so you might not know what’s going on too much…but I’ll explain when we get there!”
I nodded at her and she took my hand in hers.  She began to lead me through the school, with most people barely glancing in my direction.  I did hear a couple of “that’s her”, but it wasn’t that bad.  Not nearly as bad as I had thought it would be.  Most of my classmates looked too busy with schoolwork because it was the middle of the week.
Today wasn’t the first day of school, it was actually October.  I had officially missed my last two months of tenth grade, and my first of eleventh.  All of my exams had been missed, but they passed me anyway after I took a small makeup exam.  A pity pass as I called it, though they claimed it was because I had such a high grade point average for the rest of the year.
Aria was swinging my hand between us when she led me to her locker; she didn’t even let go to put in her combination.  Finally, I just took my hand away from her and leaned against the cool metal, waiting for her to retrieve her books.  Everyone knew we had been put in the same classes because of what had happened.  I was sure Ben just did it to make sure I wasn’t alone.  But I didn’t mind; he was right, I didn’t want to be alone.
“We got Mr. Sampson for math,” Aria whined, “so we actually have to do…math.  But it’s the last required year at least, we won’t have to when we’re seniors!”
I giggled.  “And we have Mrs. Riley for art first, right?  I’m so glad, she’s awesome when it comes to assignments.”
“I know, right?”  Aria slammed her locker shut and we began heading for the art room.  When we were about to walk inside somebody tapped my shoulder.  I turned, expecting it to be someone telling me how sorry they were for me.  But instead I found a tall girl, a bright smile on her face with big green eyes.
“Excuse me,” she said through long blonde bangs, “do you know where the art room is?  I have it first but,”—she looked down at a schedule in her hands—“it doesn’t have a room number here.”
I opened my mouth to say we had class together when Aria jumped right in.  “Oh, you’re the new girl!  We have class with you then, it’s right here!”  Aria pointed behind us.
“Oh, thanks…I’m Eve,” the blonde said, tugging on her tight shirt to pull it down more, “do you guys mind if I sit with you?”
“No, that’s cool,” I told her.  I was wondering if this girl knew who I was, but her expression gave nothing away.  “I’m Mercy, this is Aria.  I didn’t realize we were getting a new student.”
“Oh, right!”  Aria smacked the palm of her hand to her head.  “I meant to tell you that but I got so caught up in wrapping your present!  She has a twin too, a brother, right?”  Eve nodded.
“It’s okay.”  I gave her a weak smile. Maybe if we had this new girl, my day wouldn’t be so bad?  At least then I could tell myself it was her people were looking at; she was beautiful, looking much like a model from a runway.  Together we walked into the half full classroom and I found it rather calming.  This room was familiar to me, with the exposed pipes hanging over head, the smell of paint and charcoal and art decorating the walls.  A few people glanced at us as we came inside but quickly went back to their own conversations.  Aria led Eve and I to our usual desks by the window.  I sat down first, allowing me to bask in the sun with Aria on my left and Eve beside her.
“Oh, I should let you guys know,” Aria said, “today we’re just presenting our egg projects, so you won’t really have to do anything.”
“Egg projects?” Eve asked, sounding completely appalled at the idea.
“Yeah! We had to create something using only egg shells.”  Aria pointed to hers sitting at the front of the class.   It looked like she had made a rainbow sun, the shells decorated in every colour she could think of.  “It was so much fun, although my dad got kind of mad at me for using so many eggs…”
“Is that why you said you felt sick for eating too many omelets the other day?”  I laughed and she nodded.  Mrs. Riley came into the classroom then, a green and gold turban on her head with a matching floor length dress.  She spotted me immediately and I stood up to greet her; she had always been my favourite teacher.
“Mercy!” she called out, arms going wide to wrap me in a hug.  I gave her one back, trying not to sneeze from her flowery perfume.  “It’s so good to have you back.  We missed you here; you always did the best found object sculptures.”
“It’s nice to be back,” I half lied, a feeling of terror bubbling up inside me again.  “I missed being here.”
“Well you picked a good day to come back,” Mrs. Riley said, “you won’t have to do a thing today!  Oh, and happy birthday!  Aria has been talking about it non-stop.”
“I can’t help it,” Aria chimed in, “I’m just so excited!”
“Well if you have so much energy why don’t you help me set up the projects?” Mrs. Riley looked down on my friend who was still eager.  Aria jumped up and they walked to the front of the room to move around the egg shell pictures.  I sat back on my little plastic chair, still smiling.
“Happy birthday,” Eve said, looking more awkward than it sounded.  “Were you sick or something?”
“Um…or something.”  I shrugged and looked out the window.  So she didn’t know what had happened?  Realizing how rude I must have looked I turned back to her.  Eve was watching Aria and Mrs. Riley move around, as if trying to determine why they would want to make art out of egg shells.  
“So where did you move here from?” I asked, hoping to drum up a conversation.  Balefire Bay only had one high school and the nearest city, Groveswood, was an hour’s drive away.  It must have been kind of lonely for her here.
“Vancouver,” Eve said, shrugging out of her jacket.  As it passed closer to me it began to beep, loud and piercing.
“Cell phones on mute,” Mrs. Riley ordered, wagged her finger towards Eve from the front of the room.  She reached into her jacket and clicked a button, looking more confused than anything that it would be going off.
“That’s a horrible ringtone,” I joked, “why don’t you change it?”
“I…can’t really hear it otherwise,” she said, her voice going a little higher.  
“Oh, I guess that makes sense,” I mulled, “just don’t let Mrs. Riley hear it again or she’ll take it away.  It’s the only thing she’s really strict about; she always says—“
“Art cannot be interrupted,” finished Mrs. Riley.  The teacher approached us, finger pointing towards the pipes overhead.  “And you must be Eve Holmes, welcome to Balefire!”
“Thanks,” Eve nodded her head at the teacher.  “It’s quite the change from Vancouver.”
“I would imagine.”  Mrs. Riley’s dress shimmered around her as she twirled back to help Aria.  “But you’ll see it’s much easier to breathe here!”
“She doesn’t like big cities much,” I whispered, “she says it’s something about too many auras being around her makes her feel sick.”
Aria came back to us, flopping down into a small chair on the other side of the desks.   She took the elastic out of her dark hair and let it fall to her shoulders.  It seemed so much longer than I remembered…
The bell rang and I jumped in my seat.  More students filed into the room and sat down, scattering all over the place.  Aria touched my hand, telling me that it was okay, but it really wasn’t.  A loud, sudden noise would make me jump out of my skin, and not getting much sleep wasn’t helping.
Eve eyed us but said nothing.  I wondered if she could sense what had happened, or if she was just starting to put everything together.  I knew I was just being paranoid.
“All right class,” Mrs. Riley said, her hands clapping at the front of the room, “if you haven’t done so already, please bring your projects up here so we can start the presentations.”  A few students set their eggshell work on the chalkboard ledge and returned to their seats.  Mrs. Riley picked someone to present first and they began.
By then I had stopped paying attention; I knew it was a little mean, but I never cared to watch others talk about their work.  Instead I rested my head in my hands and stared out the window, watching as a few orange leaves fell to the grass.  Closing my eyes I took in a deep breath, getting the remnants of the crisp air into my lungs.  When I reopened my eyes I saw a girl standing on the walkway across the street, watching me.
My heart skipped a beat as I recognized her in her white summer dress.  I had dreamed of her before, always standing a small distance away from me, just watching me.  My eyes tore away from her to look around the classroom, nobody taking any notice of her.  I blinked hard, wondering if this was real but she remained under the blazing tree.  As we stared at each other a truck drove by, blocking my view for a fraction of a second.  When it was past though, my breath caught in my throat.
The girl was no longer standing on the walkway, looking at me; she was hanging from the tree, a thick rope around her neck.  Her dress ruffled in the breeze as she dangled from the heavy branch, eyes closed, just swinging back and forth, back and forth…
“Mercy?”  A hand gently touched down on my own and I jumped backwards.  My chair screeched on the linoleum when I turned to face Aria, a worried expression on her face.  “Are you okay?  You look really pale.”
“I’m fine,” I said quickly before looking back out the window.  There was nothing unusual there anymore.  No girl hanging from a tree, no white dress swaying on the wind.  The palms of my hands dug into my eyes and I turned back to Aria.  “I just thought I saw something.”

I was shaking for the rest of art class, and no matter how many times I looked out the window and saw nothing, I couldn’t stop.  My stomach was churning, my ears beating in sync with my heart.  Aria had grown worried, that much I knew, so I tried to calm down.  Eve just sat next to us awkwardly, obviously not understanding the depth of the issue.  But did I even know what was wrong?
“Are you sure you don’t want to call Ben?” Aria asked, her voice soft.  The wind brushed my hair as we sat on the bleachers facing the art room.  Flipping it over my shoulders, I pushed it back into place, shaking my head.
“No,” I said, “it’s fine…I just don’t want to give him more reasons to keep me at home.”
“But—“
“No.”
“There’s something I’m missing, isn’t there?”  Eve’s eyes were narrow, flicking between Aria and myself.  I had invited her to join us for lunch, since she was new, but now I was regretting it.  I wanted to talk to Aria about my nightmares again, but I couldn’t do that with Eve there.  A sigh escaped me; it wasn’t like Aria wanted to listen to my horrors anyway.  They scared her too much, and I hated making her feel that way.
“So how long have you been here?” I changed the subject, hoping to get them both talking about something, anything, else.  Aria pursed her lips together.
“Just moved here last weekend,” Eve said, “the old man said he wanted a change of scenery for me and my brother so we just up and left.”
“You don’t sound happy about that.”
“I’m not, honestly.  I had a life back in Vancouver; and I had to leave it all.”
“That sucks,” Aria agreed, wrapping her lips around a straw and slurped from a strawberry juice box.  “I don’t think I could ever leave here like that.”
“I could,” I blurted and quickly covered my mouth.  My eyes darted to my best friend, wondering how she would react but she just brushed past it.  I wondered if she truly understood.
“I have to go to practice,” she whined, “are you sure you want me to go?  You can come if you want!”
“It’s fine,” I assured her, “what will they do without your awesome cello solos?”
“Be even lamer than they are,” Aria laughed and stood.  “I’ll see you in French then!  Oh, before I forget, want to come to the dance committee meeting tonight?  You can watch us argue about decorations.”
“Sure,” I laughed, and she ran off.  “See ya!” I called to her as she moved down the bleachers, just missing a boy with giant headphones covering his ears; he didn’t seem to notice her.  Eve was silent next to me, but I could feel her calculating eyes on my face.  I began to fiddle with my scarf, clearing my throat.  Just as I was about to ask another question Eve’s phone went off, beeping its shrill alarm.
She looked surprised as she reached into her pocket and said, “Sorry.”
“No problem,” I breathed.  “Who keeps texting you?”
“It’s nothing.”  Eve clicked a button in her pocket and the beeping stopped.  “Does this school have any good ghost stories?  My last school didn’t have any good ones.”
I thought for a moment she was referring to me, but I quickly shook my head.  Not everything that everyone said would be some sort of reference to me, or what had happened.  I was imagining things, being too sensitive.
“Not really.” I shrugged.  “We did have that janitor that died in the basement, though.  I don’t really believe it, but apparently he sometimes comes back from the grave to wash the floors.”  I wiggled my fingers at Eve and laughed.
She gave me a weak smile back.  “Haha, sort of ridiculous.  Like a person would come back to our world just to wash a few floors.”
“Yeah.” I moved my hair to one side so it would stop blowing into my eyes.  “That’s it I think.”
“Did a person actually die in the basement?  Or was that made up?”  Eve’s eyes were positively glowing as she looked at me now.  I bit down on my lip, not really liking this topic.  Ghosts were boring, and terrifying.  Why anyone would want to know more about them was beyond me.
“Yeah,” I said again, “I think he died about…ten years ago?  He suffocated somehow.  I don’t remember if it was ever declared…”
“Okay, cool.”
I raised my eyebrows at her.
“Well, not cool as in it’s cool he died, but just…cool as in…thanks for telling me?”  Even she didn’t sound convinced of herself.
“You like ghosts, huh?” I asked.  Eve was a pretty girl, but she became absolutely beautiful when she started talking about ghosts; something in her eyes made me wonder about her.  And I wondered if I ever looked like that when talking about something.
“Nah.”  She jumped from her seat, checking her phone for the time.  “But I actually have to go find my brother now.  I’ll talk to you later!”
Eve ran down the steps on the bleachers, her bag hitting the boy in the back of the head.  She didn’t turn around to apologize and I called after her, “Wait!  We didn’t exchange phone numbers!”
But she never turned around, even as the boy cursed at her.  I picked up my things and approached him, watching as he glared at Eve with an unusual intensity.
“Sorry about her,” I murmured.  I stayed standing, deciding it wasn’t a good idea to invade the boy’s territory.  “Are you okay?”
When he shifted his gaze to me he almost looked surprised.  He just stared at me for a moment, before pulling his headphones down.
“What?”
“Um…she hit your head.  Are you okay?  I don’t think she meant to do it…she was in a hurry was all.”  I shifted my feet around, hoping he would just tell me to leave.
“I’m fine.”  He looked suspicious.
“Okay, well sorry again.”  I moved down the last of the steps and practically ran for the school.  Something about looking into the boys blue eyes was making my legs feel strange, as if I would just fall over.  Exactly how I had felt in class.
My hands raised to my burning cheeks when I made it inside.  Maybe I would just go watch Aria practice after all.

I turned around in the empty hallways, feeling a little safer now that I was inside.  But my face was still red from how that boy had stared at me, and something about him made me feel sick.  I faced my locker, closed my eyes and took deep breaths.  When I felt I had stood there long enough, I decided to try and find Aria in the music room.  I slammed my locker door shut and started walking when I ran into someone.
“Sorry,” I stammered, bag falling to the floor.  Nothing fell out, and I reached for the handle when a larger hand swept over mine.
“It’s my fault,” a deep voice said, “I never look where I’m going.”
Slowly, I looked up, still kneeling on the ground to find someone else I didn’t recognize.  A boy stood there, and the green of his eyes told me that he was Eve’s twin brother.  I knew my mouth was hanging open, and drying with each passing second, but I just couldn’t look away from him.
“Are you…okay?”  He furrowed his brow at me, and removed his hand from mine.  But he held it out again to me, and I absentmindedly took it as we stood.
“Uh, yeah,” I said, “I’m fine.  I-I mean, sorry!  I wasn’t looking where I was going, and I just…yeah…my fault…sorry.”
He smiled, and my heart jumped into my throat.  Our hands were still touching, and when I realized that I snapped it back to my side.  He did the same, but in a much slower movement.  A much more normal, casual movement.
“My names Tristan,” he said, and it felt like he was towering over me so much that I couldn’t look into his eyes.  “Do you think you could point me to the office?”
“Uh, yeah.”  I swung my bag over my shoulder, and gestured in the direction I was going.  “It’s over here.”
“Thanks.”  He followed me, and I felt like he was staring at me.  I kept my eyes down, and brushed my hair behind my ear.  He asked, “Are you going to tell me your name?”
“Mercy,” I mumbled, my heart racing, “the office is there.”
I pointed at the small corner room, and he nodded.  Trying to make a quick escape, I mumbled something incoherent when he grabbed my hand.  I turned back to him, holding my free hand to my face as he slowly brought it to his lips.  He gave me one gentle kiss, his lips barely brushing against my hand, and he said, “Thank you Mercy, I hope we see each other again.”
I hurried to the music room, with an annoying skip in my step.



Chapter 2

French was my least favourite class of the day.  But whenever I thought about how I might not have been able to be there, suddenly it looked a whole lot better.  Some part of me even wanted to become fluent just because I could.
“Bonjour, mes amis,” the teacher, Mme. Claire greeted us when we walked through the door with Aria, “comment allez-vous?”
“Bonjour,” I greeted back, not sure of what she had asked afterwards.  Aria answered immediately; she was always good with French, then again, she was good with everything if it meant she was being graded.
We took our seats in the middle of the classroom, awaiting the final bell to start our lessons.  When I looked around I noticed the boy with the headphones from earlier poke his head inside, look around and quickly leave.  Nobody paid him any attention.
“Did you want your present after school?” Aria suddenly asked, pulling my attention towards her.
“Sure,” I said, “did you just want to come over to my place?  Ben and I are going out to dinner so you can come.”
“Mmm.”  Aria pursed her lips.  “Will Ben be okay with it?  I don’t want to intrude on any family time things.”
“No, it’s fine.” A thought occurred to me and I quickly added, “Just you though!”
“GAH.”  She mimicked hurt as she held her hands over her heart.  “All right.  I won’t bring Owen.”
“Won’t bring me where?”  As if on cue Owen sat down in front of Aria, leaning his arms over the back of the chair.  She gave him a kiss on the cheek and laughed.
“To Mercy’s b-day dinner,” she informed him.
“Oh, that’s right!”  Owen’s light eyes brightened even more.  “Happy birthday!  You’re sixteen now right?  Gonna get your licence soon?”
“Hopefully.”  I shrunk a little in my seat, hoping he wasn’t insulted that I didn’t want him to join us tonight.  I didn’t dislike Owen, he was actually a really nice guy, but I only wanted Aria and Ben tonight.
“Hey guys,” Chase said as he appeared at the wooden desk in front of me, twisting his body to talk to all of us.  He gave me a big smile, but I could see something else in his eyes too.  He said to me, “Hey Mercy, and happy birthday!  It’s good to see you back.”
“Thanks,” was all I managed to get out.  The bell rang but half the class had yet to arrive; only about ten of the desks were filled with students.
Aria began to talk with Chase and Owen about some upcoming dance but I stopped listening.  Being around the people I always hung out with was sort of reminding me of that night.  Aria had been flirting with Owen, in hopes that he would ask her out.  I had been planning on getting Chase to do the same thing.  But now looking at his grey eyes and shaggy blond hair…did I still want to date him?
I shook my head, trying to focus on what they were saying and push the thought of Tristan from my mind.  I’d had a crush on Chase for the longest time…but something about the thought of dating him seemed so unappealing now; and images of green eyes kept getting in my way when I thought of the word “date”.
“So the dance is next Friday,” Aria said facing me, her hand still on Owen’s arm, “did you want to go dress shopping in the city soon?”
“Okay.”
Mme. Claire clapped her hands at the front of the class, forcing Chase and Owen to turn around.  I was glad when they did; I knew they were thinking about me and what had happened.  Just as the teacher opened her mouth to say something, Eve burst through the door.
After an apology and what I assumed was a witty remark from the teacher, I waved Eve over to sit behind me.  She looked both relieved and horrified that I was there, but she sat down anyway.  Why would she look horrified?  Had what happened at the bleachers been that strange?
Mme. Claire instructed us to open our textbooks and begin a new assignment.  Thankfully, she was also letting us work with others.  I reached under my seat and pulled out the worn textbook while Chase and Owen immediately began talking to each other.  I shifted my body to face Aria and found she was texting someone, but that wasn’t the first thing I noticed.
Behind her was a crimson handprint on the window, smearing down as if the person had…no, was still falling.  The blood looked thick, turning black as it dripped further and further down.  I took in a sharp breath and blinked.  The print was gone.
A beeping erupted from Eve’s pocket, her shrill phone going off again.  Mme. Claire gave her a glare and she held up her hands as an apology.  It was then that I felt my own phone vibrating in my pocket.  I picked it out to find a text from Aria.
Do u want to invite Eve shopping? she asked.  I looked up at my friend and knew what she was thinking.  Did I want Eve with us, or did I want it to be a “just BFF’s” moment.  I licked my lips and typed back a quick, sure.
At first I was about to say I didn’t want her to go; but that was selfish.  She wouldn’t judge me because of my scars, and I would have to get used to people seeing them, asking about them.  Maybe this would help me think of a good lie?
“Hey, Eve,” Aria whispered behind us once she received my text, “there’s a dance coming up, did you want to go dress shopping with us?  It’s a formal so we get to be all shiny.”
“When were you thinking of going?” Eve asked absently as she flipped a page in her textbook, obviously not understanding what we were supposed to do.  I let my eyes drift back to the window, imagining the bloody print that was once there.  Or was it?  Had I just imagined it?  I pulled my lips towards my teeth, unable to understand.
“This Sunday maybe?” Aria shrugged.  “I guess it depends if Ben is willing to drive us into the city.”
“You’re going to Groveswood?”  Eve was suddenly perky.
“Yeah,” Aria said slowly, “it’s really the only place to get a good dress.  I mean, there are shops in town, but they don’t really have any formal wear.”
“That’s not true,” argued Owen, turning around but being careful to watch Mme. Claire at her desk as she read a book.  “Mr. Will’s downtown has good stuff.”
“Yeah,” Aria scoffed with a roll of her eyes, “maybe for a guy.  I like heels and pink though, which Mr. Will has nothing of.”
As they began to argue playfully I went back to the textbook, opening to the appropriate page displayed on the front board and began to read the assignment.  But as I fiddled with my hands in my lap and read the words, I realized they were in English.  I didn’t understand what they were saying though.
I read, Eight more days.  You only have eight more days to save them.
I blinked hard, and reread the words.
Fate is coming, you better hurry Mercy.
My hand slammed the book shut, drawing the attention of most of the class.  I knew I must have looked pale, with the overhead lighting making it look like I hadn’t slept in years.  Maybe I hadn’t…maybe I was just tired and my eyes were playing tricks on me.
“Mercy?” Aria asked, touching a gentle hand to my own.
“Spider,” I quickly lied.  “There was a spider.”
She ripped her hand away from me, her fear getting the best of her.  I knew how that felt.  I set the book back underneath the desk, leaving it for someone else to use.  Hoping to change the subject, I spun around to Eve.
“So are you in?” I asked her, a little too fast I thought.
“Yeah,” Eve agreed, her smile seeming more genuine than I’d seen before.  “I’d love to go.  There is another place I wouldn’t mind stopping by though.  He’s an old friend and I’ve been meaning to talk to him.”
“Ohh,” Aria sang, her eyes lighting up, “is this a boyfriend?”
Eve blushed.  “No,” she said defiantly, “he’s just a friend.  Like a brother really.”
Aria started to tease our new friend while I sat in silence.  I tried to force a smile on my face, and join in on their conversation but I found I couldn’t.  Was I losing my mind?  Or maybe everything was just stressing me out today?  Yes, that was all it was.
“You should get something in blue,” Chase said in front of me.
“Sorry?” I asked, completely out of it as I twisted to face him.
“If you’re going shopping, I was just thinking you should get something in blue.”  He shrugged.  “You always look good in blue.  Not that I’m trying to tell you what to wear!  I just…you look ho—good in blue.”
His face reddened and he spun back around.  I knew him saying that should make me happy, it should make me blush even, it should make my heart patter madly against my bones.  But it didn’t.  So instead, I just said a small “Thanks” and moved on.

English was the one class I was very neutral about.  I liked reading, and writing, but I wasn’t close with too many people in it.  Actually, I wasn’t friends with anyone there; it was the one class Aria didn’t have.
I took my seat in the back, and as far away from the windows as I could get.  I started to gaze out the window, daring something to appear, when someone blocked my path, and I refocused my eyes to find Tristan smiling at me.
“We meet again,” he said, and suddenly his phone went off, emitting that same shrill beeping that Eve’s did.  He reached into his jacket and it stopped.  “I wanted to apologize for earlier.”
“Earlier?” I asked, remembering how he had kissed my hand.  “It’s okay…I’m just not used to that.”
“But you’re not opposed to it?”  He grinned and I just didn’t know what to do.  I recognized the wiggly feeling in my stomach, and I couldn’t get over the way he looked at me.  I never had time to answer when the bell rang, and the teacher began class.  My body shifted to face the front, but I noticed Tristan never turned away from me.

I had almost forgotten that I had agreed to go with Aria to her dance committee meeting.  But she cornered me by my locker and took me to an empty classroom where twelve others waited; apparently she told Ben to come later to pick me up.  I only knew a few of the other students as we walked through the doorway, and the rest were seniors that I had never talked to.  They each gave me a nod of acknowledgment before getting down to business.
Aria and I plunked into two seats and joined the circle.  One girl said, “So how about we make the theme ‘Atlantis’ rather than ‘Underwater’.  It feels way more fairytale, you know?”
“Oh, I like that,” agreed Aria, leaning forward in her seat.  Her fingers clutched the edge of the desk, a bright sparkle in her eyes.  I didn’t understand how she could get so excited over a dance, but I tried to muster some of my own.  The key was to get back to normal, and dances were normal.  Besides, decorating the gym could be fun no matter how much I thought the theme was overdone.
“We already settled on ‘Underwater’,” a boy said, a senior I didn’t know.  He held a clipboard in his hands with thin glasses perched on his nose.  I assumed he was the head of the committee.  “We aren’t changing it now.  We’re just here to discuss duties.”
“Dibs on making vines and seaweed!” Aria shouted, raising her hand high in the air.  She waved her hand around and waited impatiently for the boy to pick her.  He rolled his eyes with a sigh and finally pointed at her, she squeaked back in glee.
“What about you?” he looked to me and I raised my eyebrows.
“Me?” I questioned, pointing to myself.  “Oh, uh, I don’t know…I’m not reall—”
“She can help me with decorations,” Aria said.  She grabbed me arm, making me jump.  “She’s super good at art.”
“All right.”  The boy wrote something down on his clipboard.  “Who wants to handle chair and table setup?”
Someone heaved a heavy sigh on my left, and I turned my head to find a very unenthused boy sitting a few desks over from me.  He declared, “I’ll do it.”
The boys hair was blond and slicked back; clearly Malfoy or Spike inspired him.  His ankle crossed over one knee, and he wore black clothes, with giant army boots, and a silver eyebrow piercing.  The committee leader rolled his eyes again and mumbled something under his breath.  He then said louder, “Alec’s got the setup, who wants to handle music?”
Another girl volunteered, and I leaned towards Aria to make sure nobody would hear.  I gestured to Alec and asked, “Who’s that?”
“That’s Alec Lawson,” Aria whispered back, eyes watching the other members of the committee, “he’s only here as a detention thing.  Last week he tried to light someone on fire in his Chem class.  He’s a senior, but I think he flunked a grade or…three.  I can’t quite remember.”
“On fire?” I questioned, a little too loud.  My cheeks heated as a few nearby students looked at me with glares, as if it was blasphemous to interrupt their little meeting.  But my eyes fell on Alec and he was smirking; my face flushed even more when he leaned onto the desk and licked his lips suggestively.  I spotted a stud through his tongue.
Aria noticed as well and shot him a glower.  But his hazel eyes stayed trained on me, and I gulped.  Note to self, I thought, never come to a dance committee ever again.  And avoid Alec Lawson at all costs.  Apparently not all guys were as nice and gentlemanly as Tristan.  I cursed myself for thinking of Tristan again.
The committee head went through a long list of duties, and divided them among the volunteers.  Aria didn’t suggest I do anything else, but I was a little grateful that she volunteered me for the decorations.  It wouldn’t be so bad, getting together after school to make them in the art room; that place had always been a second home to me.

Ben was already outside waiting to pick me up after the meeting.  Unfortunately he was parked underneath the same tree I had watched a girl hang from a few hours earlier.  She wasn’t there now, but it still gave me a strange numbness in my legs.
“So text us, okay?” Aria said as she put our numbers into Eve’s phone.  My own phone buzzed as I got a new text from Eve, telling me what her number was.  Aria’s own phone beeped as she sent herself a similar message.
“Okay,” Eve promised half-heartedly.  She didn’t seem to care too much if she had our numbers, she seemed a little distracted.  She glanced around the area when her eyes fell on a large black truck that Tristan by.  I felt my face heat up at the sight of him, and Eve gave him a wave.  She looked at us and said, “See you guys later.”
“Bye!” Aria called and I couldn’t even move.
Ben honked his horn at us and we hurried over to the car, taking one last glance at Tristan as he got into his truck.  Before I opened the back door I peered up at the tree, no evidence of the girl I saw hanging there.  It was just a big oak tree, nothing more.  I climbed into the backseat and slid over, Aria following after me.
“I’m coming to dinner.”  She beamed at Ben.
“I never would have guessed,” my brother laughed and sped off down the street.  We just beat the school buses leaving as we headed back home.
When we got there Aria and I grabbed a snack and headed to my room.  She and Ben had agreed to give me their gifts at the restaurant, as if that made it more special.  It only made me feel like everyone around me was watching me.  I removed my scarf and fell onto my bed.
“I made it,” I mumbled into the mattress after throwing the cookies towards Aria.
“You did,” she agreed and set the bag down on my desk before moving to my closet.  She opened it and checked her makeup in the full length mirror I had on the door.  “How do you feel?  Was it as bad as you thought?”
“Not at all.”  I surprised myself.  “It was actually very…normal.  So thanks.”
“What did I do?”  Aria began to go through my closet, holding my clothes up to her to see how she would look.
“You were there.”  That made her pause as she set a hanger back into the closet.  I knew what she was thinking, and I regretted my choice of words, but we both moved on.

