
Blood and Snow Season One

Available in this download:

Prey and Magic
Masquerade’s Moon
Seal of Gabriel
Telltale Kisses

By:

RaShelle Workman


www.rashelleworkman.com
www.polishedpenpress.wordpress.com


This edition published by Polished Pen Press for Smashwords. 


Copyright Information

License Notes:
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. Copyright @2012 RaShelle Workman
Cover design by: Andrea Garcia http://www.andyg4rcia.com
Design copyright @2014 RaShelle Workman
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard word of this author.
All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or in part in any form by any electronic, mechanical or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system, is forbidden without the written consent of the author, RaShelle Workman, P.O. Box 1408 Bountiful, UT 84011.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the creation of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

This edition published by Polished Pen Press.


Author’s Note


Blood and Snow 2 includes volumes 5-8 in the first season of Blood and Snow. Be sure to read the first four volumes, including Blood and Snow, Revenant in Training, The Vampire Christopher, Blood Soaked Promises

Thank you!


Praise for the Blood and Snow series:
“The modern twist on the Snow White fairy tale was interesting and original, which isn't easy to find these days. Highly recommended.” Sarra Cannon, bestselling author of the Peachville High Demons series
“This book will definitely suck you in (no pun intended) instantly.” Anthony
"BLOOD AND SNOW draws you in from the very beginning and never let's you go, only to leave you anticipating more! Loved it. Can't wait for volume 2." Debbie Davis from Debbie's Inkspectations
"This is a fun, smart, and sexy read!" Elizabeth Mueller, award winning YA author of Darkspell
“I definitely look forward to more, and recommend this to anyone who likes a fairy tale with a twist.” Kay Glass
“If you enjoy vampires and fractured fairy tales you'll enjoy these quick reads!” Laura Pauling, author of the Circle of Spies series 
“Best books that I have read!” Mercedez

Table of Contents

The Blood and Snow World Order
Author’s Note
Prey and Magic
Masquerade’s Moon
Seal of Gabriel
Telltale Kisses
Afterword
Across the Ages
Vampire Lies
A Beauty So Beastly
About the Author
Contact Information
Copyright Information




Lips red as rubies. Hair dark as night. Drink your true love’s blood, become the Vampire, Snow White.




Blood and Snow 5: Prey and Magic

Chapter 1

When you lose everything, there’s only one option. Jump. Go all in. With both fangs. Which is what I did. I embraced my vampire… ism?... ness?... tendencies?  Whatever. I accepted it and, the truth was, I liked it. 
At least while I partook of human blood. After, when the drunken haze faded, guilt would edge its way in. I hadn’t killed another human, not since Gabe, but killing him was horror enough. It ate at my heart. I remembered the grotesque way Gabe’s body lay on the floor. The way Professor Pops and the guys looked at me with loathing, disgust, and fear. But I deserved it. I’d become a monster and killed a brother. A son. A boy I thought I might love. He’d kissed me and I repaid him in blood. Lots of it. Maybe even all of it. My carnal need overtook all other emotions and I let myself give in, even relished the sensation. 
At those thoughts my mind grew darker and I sank further away from everything that had to do with my former life.
I kept running.  Where I went didn’t matter as long as I was further from where I’d been, the kind of life I lived before. I blocked away my father, my wicked stepmother, the amazing boys who were my neighbors, and the man who loved them. I buried thoughts of Cindy, my cat, Gatsby, and Christopher aka Chace aka my Hunter. None of them mattered anymore. Not to the new me. Even the name of my city was forgotten. 
 No longer an in between—part human and part revenant. I was a bloodthirsty fiend with an unquenchable thirst.

Chapter 2

I fixed my gaze on the night sky. Inhaling deeply I smelled the air, tasted it, searching for the coppery fragrance I wanted. It was there. Past the rushing wind, through the woodland filled with fir and eucalyptus trees, and down on the sandy shore.  
The distinct smell of the ocean. And blood. 
Pulsing.
Pounding strong in the veins of two humans.
Fast. 
Needy.
I let out an unearthly scream and sprinted forward. 
Toward my need.
My drug of choice. 
That which made me what I was.
When I was only few feet from my prey I slowed down, each silent stride closing the gap. The humans were in the throes of passion. They were on a blanket, kissing and losing themselves in each other. The sight burned my eyes and my heart as memories of Gabe cut through me unbidden. I needed to forget. Drinking the humans’ blood would help, would fill me up in ways nothing else ever could.
I stepped closer, the edges of my dirty black Converse touching their blanket, while my heels sank into the soft sand.  
The girl opened her eyes and stopped kissing the boy. After a moment she whispered. “Some skanky girl is watching us. What a perv.” She giggled. 
The boy swiveled his head. “Get out of here!” he hollered. To the girl under him he added, “She smells.”
The girl giggled again, probably grateful the guy on top of her didn’t find me attractive. Recently though, since my change, I discovered I could change a human’s feelings, compel them to come to me, desire me, and even lust after me up to the moment I drained them into unconsciousness. The process was easy. 
I knelt beside them. “Look at me,” I demanded, my voice silky smooth. 
The boy whipped his head around, a sliver of fear shading his brown eyes. He was handsome, lean. His blood smelled slightly like Gabe’s. I swallowed. 
“Get the hell away from us!” He tried to shove me, but I didn’t budge. The fear in his eyes grew. 
“Look into my eyes,” I ordered, enjoying the rush, the adrenaline. Knowing I possessed all the power. 
He did as I said. “You smell divine.” As I spoke his eyes dilated. The change in his demeanor was swift. He got off the girl, who let out an annoyed huff. 
I grabbed her chin. “Do you like the color of my eyes?” I’d discovered with girls, despite whether they sensed danger or not, they couldn’t resist such a simple question. I think it stemmed from our innate need to compare ourselves to others. I caught her glance and held it. “Such a pretty thing.” Even in the moonlight I watched her blush, the crimson of her blood rushing into her plump cheeks. 
“Th-thank you,” she stammered. Her dilated cinnamon eyes were no longer interested in the boy next to her, but totally focused on me. 
“What are your names?” 
As one they spoke.
“Ashley.”
“Kevin.”
My heart pounded faster. The fangs in my mouth fought for release. My mouth watered. “Ashley, lie down and go to sleep.”
Immediately she obeyed. She closed her eyes and I watched her breathing deepen.  
Kevin still kneeled, his large eyes desperate to please. He had a baby face. Sweet. Probably seduced a lot of girls with that face. He wasn’t wearing a shirt and I absently noticed his chiseled abs, the way his faded jeans rested low on his hips, and his finely manicured hands. 
I swallowed again. The monster in me wanted to pounce, wanted to make him scream. But I resisted. “Kiss me, Kevin.”
He leaned forward, his swollen lips pressed against mine. At his touch, I closed my eyes and pretended I was in Professor Pops’ basement, once again kissing Gabe. He deepened the kiss, grabbing my shoulders, pulling me on top of him, just like Gabe. My pulse pounded rapidly; my need was strong. I wanted to take this boy’s blood. All of it. 
I straddled Kevin, tilting his chin up with one hand. Kevin whimpered as though he knew what I wanted. Letting out a groan I allowed my fangs to grow and sank them into the tender skin on his neck. 
His blood filled my mouth and I swallowed the coppery warmth hungrily. Professor Pops’ words paraded across my mind. “Promise me you won’t drink for more than ten seconds.” Internally I counted to ten. Eleven. Twelve. I released Kevin. He lay unconscious, his breathing normal. 
But I wasn’t satisfied. I wanted more. I needed to be numb. Quickly I moved to Ashley. I lifted her into my arms and she stirred. 
“Kevin.” Her eyes fluttered open and then widened momentarily. 
“It’s okay, Ashley.” Her pupils dilated, and I knew she was mine to do with as I pleased. “Let me see your neck.”
She lifted her head, exposing her milky flesh. When my fangs sank into her neck she gasped and grabbed my head, pulling me closer. I drank greedily until her arms went lax. 
Eleven. 
Twelve.
I had to push the ten-count limit. It was hard enough to stop at twelve. Releasing Ashley, I laid her on the blanket next to Kevin. They seemed so peaceful. The bite marks would heal quickly, the venom I released with my bite like a liquid cure. All that would remain would be a bruise. Ashley and Kevin wouldn’t remember me either, but I would remember them. 
“You’re very good. Most of the Marked don’t have the strength to pull back before a human dies.”

Chapter 3

I backed up at the sound of her voice, all of the newfound power and grace I recently obtained vanished. Did she know what I was? What I’d done? She must. She said I was Marked. That meant she had to know something. Her face was hidden in the shadow of a large hood. Gingerly standing, I wiped sand off my pants and moved in front of the unconscious bodies. 
“Wh-what?” That was all I could eke out. It felt like some of the sand from the beach had been poured down my throat. 
“Don’t be demure, Snow White.” She took a step forward. The moonlight caught her blood red lips. They were curled into a smile. 
In that moment, I knew that before me stood the Vampire Queen. “I’m not. I wasn’t. I mean, I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
Her laugh was low and creepy. Flicking the hood off her head and exposing her jet-black hair, she sighed. “Of course you do.”
For some reason, knowing who she was—the Vampire Queen—made me relax, made me feel more human and less of a monster. It was as though a heavy burden lifted from my soul. She wouldn’t judge me. With her I had nothing to fear, at least not right now.
I felt drawn to her. If anyone understood what I’d done to Gabe and what I’d just done to the humans, it was her. Moving closer, I said, “You’re right. I do.”
At my words she placed an icy cold hand around my wrist. “Come, I have much to show you.” 
“Okay,” I responded, though I didn’t need to. We were already in her realm. Sharra. Inside the castle, in the room Christopher and I spent the night together. My hand went to my throat, searching aimlessly for the necklace he’d left me. The one I’d tossed away like garbage. The one I was told was meant to destroy the Vampire Queen and restore balance. I shivered, afraid. The room looked exactly the same. The lush, golden bedding, even the magical mirror. Fragrant air filled my lungs. 
This is where I belong, I thought.
The Vampire Queen released my wrist. “Why don’t you freshen up?” She indicated a bathroom I hadn’t noticed before. 
“Are you leaving?” I’d been alone for several days, maybe even weeks. I wasn’t sure, but it felt like an eternity. Her presence seemed to chase away the memories, the guilt. 
“As soon as you’ve cleaned up I’ll be back. I promise.” She walked to the door and was gone. 
I went into the bathroom, which was as big as my house, and sat on a golden chair in front of a gilded mirror. The reflection staring back was scary, and I flinched. My short, black hair was tangled and matted. Dirt streaked my face. My clothes were dingy and caked with blood and other things I didn’t want to think about. 
“How long have I been gone?”
“In Sharra, the Winter Solstice has begun. In the world of humans, it is the fifth day of November.” The voice was deep and resonated within my chest. It seemed to come from the proximity of the mirror. I was too tired to freak out. Leaning forward, I searched for a body to go with the voice. 
“My name is Zenny. I reside in all of the mirrors within the castle.” As he spoke, a funny looking man with lemon yellow hair and skin the color of a copper pot strolled across the middle of the mirror. He wore forest green and navy blue checkered pants, a red shirt, a white vest, and white shoes. I would’ve thought he was a clown, except for the seriousness of his features. Deep grooves etched creases between his eyebrows. His honey eyes were alight with a stern demeanor.
“Oh. That means it’s been two weeks since I left.” I bit back a sob as memories of all of my loved ones broke through the wall I’d built up against my pain, guilt, and sorrow. Swallowing, I forced the wall back together with my anger and lust for blood, allowing those feelings to reign in the forefront of my mind. 
Zenny sniffed, bringing me out of my reverie. “I would guess three months by the smell of you. Peel off those clothes and throw them into the fire.” The hearth on my right suddenly roared to life. “When you’ve disposed of them, step into the shower and I’ll send Fina and Trina to assist you in scrubbing off all the debris.” He sniffed again. 
“No thank you, Zenny.” I untied my shoelaces. “I can take care of myself. I don’t need Fina and… Treeny.” 
“Trina, dear. And I think you should reconsider.” He walked across my reflection to my left cheek, licked his thumb, and pretended to wipe off a dirt streak. 
“Funny,” I said, sarcastic. 
He wrinkled his nose. “I’m not trying to be funny. Really, you’re a mess.”
“Fine, I get it. Now can you leave so I can shower in peace?”
“Humph,” he snorted and walked to the edge of the mirror. 
Before he was gone, I remembered my manners. “Thank you, Zenny.” 
He turned to me, his face ablaze with happiness. “Of course, Snow.” Then he was gone.  

Chapter 4

I quickly stripped, doing as Zenny commanded, and tossed my clothes into the fire. Stepping into the steaming shower, I grabbed some lemon-scented soap and scrubbed. My invisible wall melted and thoughts of Gabe, Professor Pops, the brothers, Cindy, my dad, stepmother, and Gatsby—hopefully someone fed the poor thing—filled my mind and stung my heart. Had Professor Pops held a funeral for Gabe? Images of Professor Pops and the brothers all dressed in dark suits, white shirts, and ties mocked me. The brothers walked somberly, three on each side of Gabe’s cherry wood casket, toward Professor Pops, and the gravesite where they would lower his cold, dead body into the ground. 
Tears hot with hurt and devastation trickled down my cheeks. “What have I done?” Unable to keep myself standing, I curled into a ball on the shower floor and that’s where I stayed. 
I wondered if my dad looked for me, if he knew what I’d done. Probably not. Did anyone even care? They shouldn’t. I’d committed the ultimate sin. Killed. Murdered an amazing person. I didn’t deserve anyone’s love or support. I deserved to die. That’s what it said in the Bible: an eye for an eye. If anyone was searching for me it was probably to find a way to punish me. I shouldn’t have run. I should’ve stayed and suffered the consequences of my actions. 
I still couldn’t believe it. A part of me wanted to pretend he still lived, that somehow he survived my vicious attack and was only wounded. 
Was it possible? 
How could I find out without returning? 
Should I go back?
A wave of determination washed over me. I would go home and face the consequences. If that meant death, then so be it. Standing, I quickly washed my hair, stepped out of the shower, and dried myself off. Now that I’d decided, I was in a hurry. 
But how will you get back? my inner voice chided. 
I wrapped myself in a large red bath towel and fell into a golden chair. A pearlized brush with soft white bristles appeared near my right hand. Absently I picked it up and brushed the tangles from my hair. 
How would I get back? In the past when I’d come to Sharra, I went back without trying. Someone or something always pulled me between the two realms. 
“Zenny,” I said quietly.
I waited. 
He shuffled to the side of the mirror. “What is your wish?”
I tightened the towel closer around my body. “How do I get back to the human world?”
He balked. “You can’t leave. The Queen won’t allow it. She brought you here for a reason. You have to stay.”
I nodded, showing him I understood. Of course he was loyal to her. Gulping down my fear, I said, “That’s fine, I won’t go anywhere until she allows it. But, if the time comes, how do I leave?”
His eyes grew large and he bowed deeply. “My Queen,” he whispered and scurried out of the mirror. 
I turned. The Queen was at the door, wearing a pair of holey black jeans and a black tee shirt with the words love bites scrawled in red across her chest. She wore no makeup.  Her hair hung on either side of her head in braids. On her feet were red Converse. She looked young, my age.
“Oh,” I said, brushing my bangs off my face. “I’m not ready.”
“I can see that.” She smiled. It was less cruel than usual, almost innocent. Unclasping her hands, she raised them and spread them in front of her, as though she were greeting someone or offering something. Clothes and a red pair of Converse just like hers appeared on the counter next to the brush. “Put those on. I’ll wait.” She closed the door. 
“Hurry,” Zenny whispered from the edge of the mirror. “The Queen does not like to be kept waiting.”
“Alright. Disappear first.” 
After he left I tossed the towel on the counter and put on the clothes: a red bra and matching undies, a plain red shirt, black jeans, red socks, and the Converse.
I hesitantly opened the door. She was next to a large window, seemingly lost in thought. “I’m ready,” I said softly. 
She appraised me with her eyes and then headed to the door leading out of the room. “Excellent. Let’s go.”
I followed, curious about her plans. Also I was glad for the distraction from my heavy guilt. Besides, the sooner she showed me whatever she wanted to show me, the sooner I could get back. 

Chapter 5

I trailed on her heels as we passed through a sunroom, down a set of steep stairs, and through a large sitting room filled with extravagant chandeliers, furniture, thick draperies, and a red grand piano. Seated in some of the chairs were… creatures. Vampires, I guessed. All of them were female, dressed in clothing from every century. Some wore dresses with tight bodices and large skirts, others were dressed like the Vampire Queen and me. All of them looked young—perfect skin, perfectly coifed hair, and red, red lips. 
Little pixilettes fluttered around them, serving them something red—blood?—in crystal goblets. The vampires took the offered glasses and then shooed the pixilettes away like they were irritating gnats. The little things seemed worn out, their shoulders hunched, their eyes droopy. 
If you hadn’t lost the necklace you could fix this, change the way things are done, my inner voice scolded. I cringed internally. That wasn’t possible. I couldn’t change anything. 
After we walked through the sitting room, we entered the circular room I remembered from my dream or vision, only this time it was empty of anyone except her and me. 
She went up the steps in front of two high back chairs. Had there been only one the first time I was here? I tried to go back through the dream. I couldn’t remember. The second throne looked like it belonged there. 
The Vampire Queen sat on the chair to the left. “Sit here,” she said, indicating the throne on the right. 
After I sat she waved her hand and the room vanished. We were in the middle of a grass and flower filled meadow. I heard birds chirping happily, smelled the sweet fragrance from the flowers, and felt the cool breeze against my skin. 
The Queen stood and walked into the meadow. I listened to the stiff grass crackle under her shoes. When she reached the edge of the meadow she reached up and plucked a red apple from an apple tree on the fringe. 
My heart began beating fast. In the story of Snow White, the wicked witch gave the girl an apple. She took a bite and fell under a spell. Only true love’s first kiss could wake her. 
Was that the Vampire Queen’s plan? Did she intend to offer me the apple? Poison me and hope my true love would find me and kiss me? 
That’s stupid, my inner voice quipped.
I snorted. Love didn’t work that way. It was complicated, messy, and took effort. A kiss in real life didn’t have the same power.
That’s because you haven’t kissed your true love yet, my inner voice huffed. 
Maybe. I couldn’t help but think of Gabe and of Christopher. I’d kissed them both. Nothing happened. 
Another thought occurred to me. Had Christopher left because he accomplished his goal? I’d become a vampire. Wasn’t that all he was required to do? And now that I was a vampire, could a kiss return me to human? Probably not. 
I messed up so badly there was no way the Seal of Gabriel, the beautiful pendant Christopher gave me, would work any longer. I ruined any chance of restoring balance when I became a monster. It was too late for me.  
Maybe I should eat the apple, I thought. Then I wouldn’t be able to harm anyone. 
“Snow,” the Queen barked, interrupting my thoughts. 
“Yes,” I said, moving from the throne and into the meadow. The landscape was beautiful, peaceful. I ran my hands over the tops of the tall grass and the white daisies that grew in clumps.
The Vampire Queen waved me over. 
Determined, I went moved closer. When I was near her I held out my hand. I would eat the apple. I would sleep eternally and no longer be a detriment to those I loved. 
The Vampire Queen batted my hand. “Get your own,” she said, taking a large bite. 
I inhaled, surprised. “I will,” I said after I recovered. Reaching up, I plucked a large apple from one of the branches. The sweetly-scented blossoms filled my lungs. Rubbing the apple skin on my sleeve out of habit, I scanned it for bruises or wormholes and, seeing it was unspoiled, took a bite. I chewed slowly, expecting there to be no flavor. All food tasted like ash since Christopher bit me. It was delicious though. The flavors a mixture of sugariness, and… I dropped it. Blood. 
Closing my eyes, I waited for the inevitable toxin to send me into blissful oblivion. Several seconds passed and I still felt the same. When I opened my eyes, I noticed the Queen watched me with an amused expression. 
When I swallowed she said, “It won’t be long now.”
I gasped. “You did poison me.” A fusion of relief and fear filled my veins. 
She laughed. “I’m teasing.” She took another bite. Some of the juices dribbled down her chin. “These apples are some of the best in Sharra. I wanted you to try them. Didn’t you like it?” She indicated the apple I dropped. 
Truth was the flavor was exceptional. The combination actually made my mouth water. “Yes, it was fine.” 
She shook her head. “This is your home as much as it is mine. Let me show you around.”
I hesitated. What harm could it do? Shrugging, I followed her back to the thrones. 
Once we were seated she said, “This is the entrance to the orchards. Beyond the apple trees are peaches, plums, and pears. All of them are grown and cultivated to our specific tastes.” She nodded, and I knew she referred to the blood. Somehow it was fused within the fruit. “Sometimes it’s nice to eat solid food. A liquid diet can get boring after a few hundred years.” 
She snapped her fingers and we were in a forest. Giant trees shaded the fern and moss-covered floor. A babbling brook rushed along next to us. Three deer drank from its edge, unaware of us. She put a finger to her lips. I bobbed my head, indicating I understood, and watched her move without sound toward them.
I fought down the knot forming in my stomach. What did she intend to do? When she snapped the neck of the largest deer, I shuddered. “Why?” I asked, stunned. 
The other two deer bolted. 
The Queen pulled a knife from a sheath I hadn’t noticed before. Laying the deer on its side, she sliced open its belly. 
“Stop!” I shouted, turning away so I wouldn’t have to see its guts. Tears threatened, but I pushed them back. I had the feeling weakness would only irritate her. 
I sensed her move next to me, smelled the blood on her hands. It was heady, an aroma similar to that of a human. I turned and saw she held something—a piece of meat, or an organ—in her hands. “Try it. Like the fruit, the animals in Sharra are cultivated for our needs.”  
I shook my head, but the scent had my canines threatening to burst forth and my mouth watered. “No thank you. I’m a vegetarian.” The words sounded hollow. 
She chuckled. “Really? That isn’t the impression I got from the way you handled those humans.” She stuck the thing in her hand in front of my face. “Try it. You’ll like it.”
The Vampire Queen was right, of course. I certainly didn’t act very vegetarian. Stepping slightly to the right, I turned my nose away from her hand. “I thought we only drank from humans,” I finally said, trying to buy myself some time. 
She took a bite from whatever it was she held. Disgusted, I looked down, studying the red Converse on my feet.  
When she finished, she said, “Humans are trite creatures. Their presence on this planet has been useful. I’ve recycled them to benefit our race, but they will die out long before we do.”
“Recycled?” I kicked at a chunk of moss in the dirt at my feet. “I’m human. You…” I paused. I’d almost said she was human too. That wasn’t true, but I now got what she meant by recycled. “What about the other vampires? They started out human. They are as human as I am.” 
She waved a dismissive hand. “You may look human. Even I look human, but after your first drop of human blood the genetic code within your body changed. You are no more human than the deer, or these trees. You are now a vampire. Accept it. Embrace it.” She threw the remainder of whatever she held in her hand into the stream. “I thought you already had.” She wiped the blood on her hands on the moss near her feet. 
At her words my heart sank. “Is this what you wanted?” I couldn’t meet her gaze. Professor Pops told me Christopher’s job was to turn me into a vampire, so I figured the Vampire Queen was happy. 
“Of course it’s what I wanted. You have such potential. And Sharra is a wonderful place to live, to learn, and to become what you are meant to be.”
“Which is a vessel for you,” I spat out. 
She shook her head, making a tsk-tsk sound. “I don’t know what you’ve been told, but you’ll be more than a mere vessel. You’ll become the most powerful creature on Earth. Everything you desire, anything you wish, will be at your fingertips.”
“For my body only, but I’ll be gone.”
“You’ve been talking to Adam Henry, perhaps even Kenmei. Those two are such drama queens.” 
“I have.” A part of me hoped Professor Pops and Kenmei weren’t telling the truth, but I doubted it. What reasons would they have to lie? 
The Vampire Queen continued, “I’m sure they even told you the story of Silindra and me. About the war?” She raised an eyebrow. “And maybe even about a necklace?”
She was leading me.  
Deny, deny, deny, my inner voice shouted. 
“Maybe.” I shrugged.
“Well, of course they did. Those are their weapons. The way they get the Marked and Chosen to do their bidding. That’s why I brought you here. I wanted you to see I am not some power hungry maniac as they led you to believe. I am not a monster, Snow. I’m merely a leader. My people chose me. They need me. I love all of my subjects equally. You may have seen some of them as we passed through the sitting room of the castle. They are given freedom and more power than they could ever need, everything they could ever want. All I ask in return is their allegiance. That’s all I’m asking of you.” 
I took a step back. “Why would Profess—Adam lie? He has no reason.”
She sighed. Her shoulders sagged slightly, as though she carried the weight of the world on them. “They told you about the war, correct?” 
“Yes.” 
“Well did they happen to mention that it was Adam and Kenmei I fought against? Did they tell you they led those who battled against me for power? For the throne that was rightfully mine.” She started breathing heavily. “Did they tell you they turned my own sister against me?”
Equally angry, I shouted, “They told me you had her tortured and murdered.”

Chapter 6

The Vampire Queen gasped and pressed a hand to her chest in mock sarcasm. “They what? I could never murder my sister.”
She’s a big fat liar, my inner voice hollered.
Pushing down my fears, I changed the subject. “Are you saying you were in the right? You deserve the power?” I didn’t add that Kenmei and Professor Pops told me they were her hunters at one time, and that I knew they left her. Immediately a small flutter danced in my belly. Is that where Christopher went? Professor Pops and Kenmei never told me what they did to break free of her. Was it just a matter of walking away, or was more required? I thought about the bear Christopher carved and how excited he was when I gave it to him. 
It’s possible, I thought. 
“Of course I deserve the power. I’ve ruled for thousands of years. That isn’t going to change anytime soon.” She walked back over to the thrones and sat. I did the same. She twirled her pointer finger and we were back at the castle. Standing, she moved to the center of the circular room. With her back to me, she asked, “Have you seen the so-called Seal of Gabriel?”
I gulped and tried to calm my racing heart. My hearing got better after I turned, so I had no doubt she heard my increased heartbeat and already knew the answer. “I-I don’t know,” I stammered, trying to pretend I wasn’t sure.
She spun around. “Where is it? Do you have it?”
Taking a deep breath, I shook my head. “No. I don’t know where it is anymore.”
“You had it in your possession.” Anger burned her features. “Stupid girl. It must be destroyed. That thing could ruin everything.” Her voice softened. “If you see it again, take it and bring it to me.” She walked over to me and brushed her fingers along my jaw. “That pendant will be the death of all vampires, the whole race, including you. And him.” While she spoke she moved her hand in a whimsical S. A glass case, like those my stepmother used to hold her porcelain dolls, appeared. It was much larger and reminded me of a coffin. It sat atop a white stand. 
Someone was inside.
I took a step toward the coffin, trying to ignore the ball of fear growing in my chest. “Who is that?” I asked, giving the Queen a sideways glance as I walked past her.
“You’ll see, my dear Snow.” The evil smile was back. The ball of fear grew into full-blown anxiety. 
It was a guy, his dirty blond hair flawlessly combed. His eyes were closed, but I knew his eyes were hazel. 
“Christopher,” I whispered.
Around his neck hung the carved bear, the one he made right before he was changed into a vampire. He wore brown leather pants and a white shirt with a leather vest. Dark chocolate brown boots were on his feet and stopped just under his knees. His hands rested on his stomach. “Is he…” I stopped. 
“Dead? No. But if you don’t bring me that necklace, he will be.” She came to stand next to me. “You don’t want that, do you?” She touched my shoulder, and it took all my courage not to shrink away. 
“I don’t know where it is. I swear.” I clasped her hand, begging her to believe me. 
“I believe you, but I know that if you think really hard, you’ll know where you need to start.” She squeezed my hand back, and I thought the bones in my fingers might break.  
And just as I was about to respond, I realized I wasn’t in Sharra anymore. 
“You’re not ready, Snow,” the Vampire Queen’s words echoed through my mind. 

Chapter 7

A sound escaped my throat, and I clamped the hand the Vampire Queen crushed only moments ago over my mouth. I was happy and scared all at once. 
Maybe I wasn’t ready, but I was home, standing in the middle of my room. 
Purple walls filled with baby animal posters, purple curtains. Purple towels still hung in the bathroom. I was glad to see all of it. Wistfulness swept through my veins. At the same time, I was terrified. How would I confront Professor Pops and the brothers? Cindy? Gatsby? And my stepmom and dad—were they here? Using my newfound stealth I crept over to their bedroom and peeked inside. They weren’t in their bed. My heart fell. I’d been gone two weeks. Maybe no one bothered to tell them what happened. I’d lost my cell phone at some point during my time away. They could’ve called. What about poor Gatsby?
“Here kitty, kitty,” I called, not turning on the lights. I didn’t need light to see and I didn’t want the brothers or Pops to know I was home.  I listened, taking in the familiar smells and sounds of the house. I didn’t hear any soft padding of kitty feet so I tromped down the stairs. In the kitchen I sat at the counter and pulled over the envelope filled with the invitation to my birthday party. A tear fell onto my cheek. The idea of the party was awful, but the person who planned it meant the world to me. 
How could Professor Pops ever forgive me for what I’d done?
“Gabe,” I whispered. 
“Hello, Snowflake.” 
His voice came from behind. It was a voice I thought I’d never hear again. I didn’t want to move, afraid if I turned around I would realize it wasn’t real or a figment of my overactive imagination. But I sensed movement. My body began to tremble. 
Could it be? Was it possible?
I was too afraid to find out.
His voice whispered in my ear. “Snowflake. You’re back.”
I had to see him. Turning, my eyes caught hold of his face. I could see him, but even that could be my imagination. My mind still wouldn’t believe. I placed both hands on his face. “Are you real?”
He pulled me off the chair and into his arms. And I was lost. Wrapped in his embrace. He was alive. Gabe. 
After I don’t know how long, I pulled back. I needed to see him.
“How? I saw the angle of your neck. It was broken.” I fought hard to keep the tears at bay.
He leaned down, his lips pressing against mine. I responded with all the guilt, the sorrow, the excruciating pain I’d held inside over the past two weeks. He scooped me up and carried me upstairs, into my bedroom, and lay me on my bed. His kiss deepened, and I clung to him as his hands went under my shirt, sending fiery heat along my skin. After a long time he lifted his head. “Snowflake, I didn’t die. It may have appeared that way, but Professor Pops and the brothers overreacted. I was just unconscious.”
I wanted to believe him, but something in his voice, a slight pause when he said overreacted, gave me pause: the memory of the way his body felt under me, the way I grabbed his body, and I remembered the sound of his neck breaking. The moment ripped through my consciousness as though I was reliving it. I shook my head. “No, you were dead. Why aren’t you telling me the truth? D-Did you…” I paused. “Are you a vampire?” 
He jumped off the bed, a look on his face like I just slapped him. “No,” he said. 
A little offended, I responded, “You know I am a vampire, right? Drinking from you changed me.”
He let out a heavy breath. “Yeah, I know.”
“Does that make you uncomfortable? Because you didn’t seem all that uncomfortable a few seconds ago.” I got to my knees, pulling down my shirt and pushing back the apprehension fluttering like nervous butterflies in my stomach. 
He ran a hand through his hair, his gaze focused on the floor. What was wrong with him? Ever since my Hunter bit me he’d been hot and cold. I couldn’t figure him out.  
“No, it doesn’t make me uncomfortable. It makes—” He paused momentarily before continuing, “I am beyond happy to see you. But…” He let the word hang in the air. 
Finally, I said, “But?”
“It’s just. Ugh! Why is this so difficult?” His green eyes pleaded, as though I should understand what was wrong.
“Tell me,” I uttered.
He sat on the bed and grabbed one of my hands in his. “Professor Pops told me he told you about those who might want you dead.”
“Yes. He explained that other vampires, even other creatures, believe that if all Marked and Chosen are killed then it will be easier to destroy the Queen.” The internal butterflies quivered. 
“That’s right. And just as the Queen is the leader of the vampires, there is a leader over those who stand against her.” He started to fidget, playing with a tassel on one of my pillows.
“Makes sense,” I said quietly. 
“When I was little Professor Pops adopted me. You know that.” He chuckled nervously. “From a young age I knew I was different, that Professor Pops was different, and that the world wasn’t as simple as it seemed. Then when I turned twelve Pops showed me the Museum of the Supernatural. Something clicked inside. I felt drawn to them and inclined to hunt those who served the Vampire Queen.” He brushed some hair out of his eyes and cleared his throat. “Of course Pops wouldn’t let me. He continued to train me, but that was all. But I knew there was more, that a big piece of the puzzle was missing. I didn’t know why until a few days after I turned sixteen. A visitor came to see me.” He stopped and searched my eyes. 
“What? Who was he?” I asked, taking his hand.
“The man was the leader of those who oppose the Vampire Queen. He told me he was my father.”
I gasped, interrupting him. “Your father is alive.”
He nodded. “Yes. He’s been alive a long time.”
Not really understanding, I asked, “Why didn’t he want you?”
He pulled away. “It isn’t that he didn’t want me. He’s just busy, and those who are loyal to the Queen killed my mom. He believed Professor Pops would be able to care for me until I was old enough to understand. And Professor Pops did. I couldn’t have asked for a better father.” 
Comprehension washed over me. “Okay, so you’re the son of the man who wants me dead. But how does that explain why you’re still alive?” I knew there were many other questions I needed to ask him as well. 
“There must be balance in all things. For every sunset there is a sunrise. For each sadness, there is happiness. And for every evil there must be good.” He paused to let the words sink in. They sank in all right, and I started to get mad. Was he saying I was evil? Had he come to kill me?
“Okay.” I leaned away from him. 
My movements didn’t go unnoticed. He frowned, but didn’t try to pull me closer. 
Sighing, he went on. “When vampires were created, so was another species. Equally as powerful, but keen on living in seclusion.” 
“Please don’t tell me they were werewolves,” I said, mocking. 
“No, not werewolves, but chayot.” 
“Chayot? Did you just make that up?” 
“No, Snow. This is serious. If you don’t believe me, look up the word on the Internet. It’s there, though a lot of the information about them is incorrect.”
“I see.” I sat cross-legged and settled my hands in my lap. “Why aren’t these chayot in Professor Pops’ books? Or on display in the Museum of the Supernatural?” 
He scooted nearer. “Any written mention of the chayot is considered blasphemy. The chayot are sacred, and to be revered.” While he spoke, his voice softened, but that just infuriated me more.
“Let me get this straight. You’re telling me you chayot are the good guys and we vampires are the bad guys? Is that what you’re saying?”
He let out another weighty breath. “Yes, basically.”
Chapter 8

I jumped off the bed. “What about Kenmei and Professor Pops?” I didn’t add Christopher, but his body in the glass coffin crossed my mind.
“They were human before they became vampires.” He gingerly moved toward me. “Though they did much evil in their time, they’ve atoned and dedicated their lives to destroying the Vampire Queen.”
I backed up, somehow feeling like a caged animal. “What about me?” I asked between rapid breaths. 
He shrugged. “I’m supposed to—” He stopped and walked over to my dresser and began fiddling with the bottles. He took off each lid and brought the bottle to his nose, then crinkled his face like the bottles contained skunk spray. If the situation hadn’t been so serious I would’ve laughed. Instead I waited, filled with apprehension at what he would say next. 
He sighed, turned back to me, and said, “That’s why I’ve come. My father is the first chayot. When the war broke out between the vampires and the other creatures, he stayed out of it. He and the other chayot didn’t get involved until later, when vampires started using humans.”
Frustrated tears filled my eyes but I forcefully wiped them away. “You aren’t making sense. Why did humans matter to them?”
“The reason is simple. My father fell in love with a human girl. They had many children together. The Vampire Queen made an extra effort to capture and change his offspring into vampires. Sons and daughters with chayot blood are more exceptional than a regular human. The Vampire Queen favored them over all others.”
I thought about the vampires I’d seen in the castle. Were they descendants of the chayot? 
Gabe continued, “The Queen started the war. It’s my father’s life work to finish it, kill them all. Destroy her. End the suffering.” A regal arrogance shifted his features. 
My breathing was ragged. How dare he? I hadn’t asked for this. Yet somehow I was evil, a thing to be destroyed. “Well then, what are you waiting for? If that’s why you’ve come, do it. Kill the evil vampire you just made out with.” My words came out harsh, laced with spite. I closed my eyes and lifted my chest. If he wanted me dead, so be it. I wasn’t sure how one would kill a newly created vampire. Was I considered a drone or something else because I was Marked and Chosen? I didn’t know. And it didn’t matter. 
Several minutes passed and nothing happened. I blinked open my lids. Tears crowded Gabe’s lashes and streaked his cheeks. The haughtiness was gone, replaced by a desolate sadness. 
I lowered my chest. He was so annoyingly complicated. “What? Am I making it too easy? Do you want me to run?” I asked, turning the palms of my hands toward him in supplication. 
He shook his head, a strangled moan leaving his throat. Sinking to his knees, he bowed his head. “Why did you have to turn?”
Lowering myself to my knees in front of him, I said, “You offered yourself to me. I was there, I remember.” My cheeks flushed at the memory of our kissing. “You wanted me to bite you.”
“No,” he growled. “I didn’t. But…” His voice trailed off. “You-you tricked me. I wasn’t strong enough to resist you, and you used your—” He paused.
“I used my what? Womanly wiles?” I snorted in disgust. “I wasn’t a vampire until after you let me drink from you. I didn’t use any kind of spell, or magic, or whatever you want to call it.” I got off my knees and walked over to the window. The slivered moon glowed through wispy clouds. Frogs croaked and the wind whistled lightly through the trees. “If you’d like I can show you the difference. I have the power to persuade you to do anything now.” I didn’t look at him, but heard his slight intake of breath. “Is that what you want?”
“Snowflake,” he whispered.
I turned to face him. “Is that why you didn’t die? Because you’re a chayot? If your father has been alive as long as the Vampire Queen, it must be the reason,” I stated, wrapping my arms around myself. “Is that why you act like you like me one minute and hate me the next? Because we are meant to be enemies?”
He nodded.
My anger returned. I walked over and slapped his face. “This is all your fault. You know that, right?”
He flinched, surprised.
“If you had just told me what you were instead of acting weird, I wouldn’t have bitten you. I would’ve resisted,” I said, fighting the trembling of my lower lip. Thinking back I wondered if I could have, but I had to believe it was true. 
“You’re right. But I was afraid,” he said quietly.
“Afraid of what? That I’d bite you?” I exhaled, and turned away. “Guess you had that right.”
He swallowed and turned me to him, taking my hands in his. “No. I was afraid you wouldn’t talk to me anymore. That you would hate me.” He hesitated and closed his eyes. “I hate myself.”
I yanked my hands from his, frustrated. He was still doing it, acting all kind and sweet one second and like a total jerk-face vampire killer the next. “Why? Why even care?” I went to my bedroom door and pushed it wide open. “Let me make it easy on you: either kill me or leave. This doesn’t have to be difficult. Now that I understand what you are, just get it over with!” Fury made my canines grow, but I didn’t care. I let him see the monster in me.
Tears filled his eyes. “I can’t,” he seethed. “Don’t you get that?” His body teemed with desperation, shook with emotion. 
“No, I don’t,” I said, my body moving toward him on its own. When I was inches from him, I asked, “Why can’t you kill me, Gabe?” My voice was low, my breathing erratic. 
He grabbed my arms and pulled me so that our chests touched. I had to look up to see his face. My heart pounded in my chest and I felt his pounding with mine. Beat for beat. I was furious, scared, and angry. Worst of all, I wanted him to kiss me and keep his promise to never leave me.  
His mouth covered mine suddenly, his lips warm. Without hesitation I responded, filling my kiss with all of the rage, confusion, and hunger pent up inside.
He seemed to be doing the same, and before I knew it we were back on my bed, his hands roaming under my shirt. I did the same, exploring the muscles on his back, his shoulders, and his chest. Our lips parted momentarily when I lifted his shirt over his head. Our eyes met. His were clouded with confusion and something else. I guessed they were similar to mine. I wasn’t sure what we were doing or how we would solve our problems, but in that moment I didn’t care. 
I grabbed his shoulders and whispered, “Why? It’s who you are, so why?”
He groaned in response, pressing kisses into my neck, along my jaw. “I love you, Snow White. I’ve loved you since the day Professor Pops brought me home and I saw your inquisitive, beautiful face in my driveway.”

Chapter 9

I searched his eyes for any hint of a lie. My heart beat faster. “You love me?” I asked hesitantly. 
He wrapped his arms around me, his elbows on either side, holding me a willing captive. “So much it hurts,” he said softly, a smirk splaying across his lips. 
I realized he was thinking about our first kiss, down in the training room when I drank from him and thought I killed him. “Won’t your dad be mad? He knows what I did, right?”
He nodded, the smirk turning into a smile. “I’ve decided I don’t care. The past several months I’ve tried to be the obedient son, do what my father expects. Take on the family business. But where you’re concerned, I can’t.” His face grew dark, full of determination. “I won’t.”
At his words my heart melted, but I wanted to be sure, to be clear. “Is that really feasible though? Isn’t it your sacred duty or something to destroy me and my kind?”
He pulled his arms from beneath me and brushed his fingers through my hair. We were so close our noses almost touched. The smell of toothpaste tinged his breath and manly body wash surrounded his body. The muscles on his arms rippled and he flexed. I took in his dark lashes, thick like a girl’s, but on him they only increased the perfection of his face. There was a slight arch in his brows. His dark hair swirled in disarray, and his bottom lip… 
“Together, we’ll figure it out.” He kissed me tenderly. “I won’t lose you. I made a promise, didn’t I? That is my sacred duty now, to make sure you’re kept safe.”
I smiled. My cheeks grew hot. “What if I want to…” My eyes found the pulsing vein in his neck.
He inhaled. Worried I scared him, I caught hold of his gaze. They were dark and filled with need. 
See, he did want you to drink from him, my inner voice cheered. 
“Well, the damage is done. You’ve already discovered you can’t kill me, and…” Gabe’s eyes went to my mouth. 
“You liked it,” I said hoarsely, finishing his sentence. The idea of drinking from him again pushed against my canines.
“Yes,” he whispered. “I liked it.” He cleared his throat. “Well, up until you broke my neck. That really did hurt, at least for a few minutes.”
Our eyes met and we both laughed. “I’m really sorry about that.” I touched his neck with my fingers. “It’s gorgeous,” I added, my fingers finding his pulse. “And I’ve had some practice since the first time.”
His eyes widened. “But you haven’t killed anyone.”
“No. I’ve been careful.” My fingers trailed down his back, making goose bumps rise on his skin.
“That feels good,” he said, kissing my nose. “I know what would feel better.” He rolled us so that I was on top and lifted his chin, his pulsing vein in full view. 
It was my turn to be surprised. “Are you sure?” I asked, checking his face. 
His eyes were closed and he nodded. 
I moved so that I could have better access. My canines grew and I lowered my head. I took it slow, allowing each canine to prick his neck gradually, knowing that with the pain came pleasure. His breath hitched as I steadily sank them into his vein. When they were fully inside I begun sucking, pulling his blood from his body. He groaned and I sucked harder. This time though I counted. When I reached eight, I stopped. 
He flipped us, placing me under him again, my canines still embedded in his neck. Pressing his body into mine he said, “Don’t stop, Snow.” 
I sucked again, counting to fifteen this time. Way past my limit, but I was almost too far-gone to stop. Surely if I drained him dry he would die. Wouldn’t he? I had to stop. I pulled out, my canines retracting. His eyes were hooded, heavy with lust. 
Gabe’s lips found mine and I froze, worried he would be disgusted by the blood on my mouth. But he didn’t seem to mind. His tongue dove into my mouth and circled mine.  My hands roamed along his back, down to the waist of his jeans and along his butt. He groaned, his breathing coming faster. 
Our lips parted and we looked at each other. I wanted more and I could tell he did too. Without a word he lifted my shirt over my head and tossed it onto the floor. One hand hovered above one of my breasts and he gave me a questioning gaze. I nodded, surprised I wasn’t embarrassed about him seeing me without a shirt. He touched me tenderly over my red bra. I pressed upward, my back arching. 
“Snow,” he whispered, his voice gruff, kissing my neck, along my collarbones and my shoulders. “You’re so beautiful.” In response I wrapped my legs around his hips. 
Did I really want what was about to happen? It seemed too fast. My body sure did, but not too many minutes ago I believed he planned to kill me.
It’s how life works. You fight, you make up. Go with it, my inner voice cooed.
“What the hell is going on?” The lights flicked on and Professor Pops stood in the doorway, his hands on his hips. 
Gabe blocked me with his body. “Give us a minute, Pops,” Gabe said quietly. 
“I’ll give you five. Get dressed,” he said sternly, giving Gabe a look that said You know better. 
The door closed. 
“I’m sorry,” Gabe whispered.
I swallowed, my emotions too full to speak. Was I glad or disappointed that we were interrupted? 
Definitely disappointed, my inner voice sulked.
My body was frustrated as well. The rest of me was kind of relieved. I definitely wasn’t ready for sex. It was only a few months ago that I had my first kiss.   
In the hall I could hear the brothers snickering. 
“I guess they made up.”
“I told you he wouldn’t kill her.”
“You owe me twenty bucks.”  

Chapter 10

I finally found my voice and said, “Wow, dinner and a show.”
He looked confused a second, and then started to laugh. “I’m a full service boyfriend.”
Boyfriend? I snickered, feeling the blissful after effects of drinking Gabe’s blood. Our relationship felt like more than that. A picture of Christopher in the glass case danced across my mind, reminding me that any happiness I experienced was at a detriment to him. I needed to find the necklace or all vampires would be destroyed, including my Hunter. But who would’ve taken it? My stepmother? Cindy?
What about Gabe’s father, or someone in his group? Wouldn’t they want it if it could destroy vampires? I gasped at the questions, my mind moving in one direction. Toward Gabe. Did he have it?
Kenmei and Professor Pops said it wouldn’t work for anyone but me, so if he or his father did have it, would they know what to do with it? I didn’t even know what to do with it. 
“Snow, what’s wrong? You look like you’re in pain. Did I hurt you?” 
I shook my head. “I’m fine. Just a lot going on in here.” I tapped my head with a finger. Gabe stood and pulled me up with him. He handed me my shirt. 
Changing the subject, I said, “Do the guys know what you are?” 
He chuckled. “Yes. After my brush with a broken neck and my quick recovery, Professor Pops and I told them. Dorian, Heathcliff, and Salvatore wouldn’t speak to me for a week. They were so mad at me for not telling you and not telling them.” He huffed. “I should’ve told you all a lot sooner. So much heartache could’ve been avoided if I had.” With a sigh he sidled over, grabbing my shirt in his hands. “Can you forgive me? Can you love me?”
Love? 
If I truly loved Gabe, then either the chant—lips red as rubies, hair dark as night, drink your true love’s blood, become the Vampire, Snow White—was just a lot of mumbo jumbo, or I didn’t really love, love Gabe. 
There is also the true love’s kiss thing, I thought. And I remembered Professor Pops told me that a kiss from my true love would return me to human. That hadn’t worked either, if Gabe was my true love. I thought about the Vampire Queen and what she’d told me, that Professor Pops and Kenmei were lying. 
I have a lot to learn, I thought, sighing internally. 
To Gabe I said, “Yes, of course I forgive you. I’m sorry for running. I was such a coward. Had I stayed, a lot of heartache could have been avoided as well.” 
He kissed my forehead. “Then we’ll agree it’s both our faults and forget all about it.”
“Okay,” I uttered, but a big part of me believed it was impossible to totally forget. I wanted to tell him that, but I was exhausted. A lot had gone on in a short amount of time and I needed a break.  
He threw on his shirt and I did the same. Then he grabbed my hand. “C’mon, let’s go see what Professor Pops has to say.”
I followed but stopped at the top of the stairs. Gabe turned and asked, “What’s wrong?”
“Does my dad know I left?”
He shook his head. “I guess your dad tried to call you several times and, when some random person answered, he freaked out and called Pops. Professor Pops told your dad you were upset about him leaving again so soon and that you needed some time.” He touched my cheek with a thumb. “If you hadn’t returned by tomorrow we were going to have to tell your dad the truth. We didn’t want to worry him though.”
“Good,” I said, exhaling that stored up stress. I would call him tomorrow morning. “What about Gatsby? Do you know where my cat is?”
“Yeah, the poor thing came meowing at our backdoor a couple of days after you left. We’ve kept him with us. He’s been well cared for, but he sure misses you.”
“I can’t wait to see him.” 
We lumbered down the stairs and headed into the kitchen. Professor Pops and the brothers were there. Most smiled sheepishly. Some wore more serious expressions.
“Hi,” I said, clinging to Gabe’s hand.
Professor Pops pulled me into a hug. I embraced him happily, enjoying the smell of books, ink, and cigars that was the Professor. 
“I am glad you’re okay. I was worried sick.” He held me at arms-length. “Where have you been?”
“Yeah, Snow. We looked for you every day, but it was like you vanished,” Salvatore said. 
Dorian, his face grave, said, “You shouldn’t have run. We will always have your back.”
I nodded. “I’m sorry. It’s just when I saw Gabe and thought he was…” I couldn’t finish the sentence. “Something inside me broke.”
They all nodded, letting out grunts of understanding and sympathy. 
Except Sebastian. He said, “How many of us regular humans did you kill?” The words sounded light, but I could tell he was nervous about the answer.
“None,” I answered. Focusing on Professor Pops, I continued, “I remembered what you said. I counted. I didn’t take too much.”
Professor Pops smiled, his shoulders visibly relaxing. “That is really good news.”
“I guess this means we don’t need to cancel her party,” Daniel said. 
They all groaned. 
And I laughed. “The masquerade ball? Is that still on?” I tried to hide my disdain, but at this point I’d do anything, go anywhere for them. As long as these amazing guys—men—were near me, I knew anything was possible.
Professor Pops clasped my hands in his and smiled. “Of course it is, my dear. You only turn sixteen once.”
“Yes, but will she be able to resist all the delicious human blood dancing around the room?” Dorian asked, his voice tinged with curiosity. As he spoke, he raised his chin slightly. I doubted anyone else even noticed. I did. What was it about Dorian?
They all turned to me, some smug, others concerned. I shrugged and then sighed, drawing out the time before I responded. They all seemed to be holding their breaths. Giving Gabe a sideways glance, I said, “Yes. Of course I can.” 
 “I know she can too,” Dorian said, pulling me into a hug. 
Gabe shoved him. “That’s enough. Back off my girl.”
“Let’s have a ball,” Salvatore shouted. 
The back door flew open and we all turned to see Cindy, dressed in soft pink pajamas and fluffy pink slippers, rush into the kitchen and skid to a halt. Even with bedhead and no makeup she was adorable. 
“Snow. Merryweather. White!” she fumed, crossing her arms.
I raised an eyebrow. She’d bragged about her locator spell and about being a big-time witch, so why hadn’t she located me? Unless she hadn’t been looking.
Cindy isn’t as powerful as she boasted, my inner voice huffed.  
“Hey, Cindy,” I said, moving over to her and patting her on the shoulder. “It’s nice to see you.”
She flinched, but quickly recovered. Throwing her arms around me, she said, “I’m tres glad you’re back.”

Blood and Snow 6: Masquerade’s Moon

Chapter 1

“So you’re half angel? A—” I paused, waiting for him to say the word. Grabbing a pillow with the Disney-inspired Aurora on it, I tossed it at him.
“A chayot?” Gabe caught the pillow and smirked. He knew I liked the way he said it: pronounced like coyote, but with the ch sound at the beginning. I thought it sounded incredibly sexy coming from Gabe’s succulent mouth.
I’d searched the Internet to find out more about the chayot after he, Professor Pops, and the other brothers left my house on the night I came back—the night Gabe told me why he still lived.
There were different definitions according to different religions about what chayot meant, but all websites came around to the same thing: angels. The highest-ranking angels. 
Then I clicked on Images in the Internet search and discovered a green fruit called a chayot. Mainly though, the screen was filled with pictures of beasts with four wings, males and females with wings—sometimes black, sometimes white, and some with tails and horns. 
One website said the chayot were holy beings that dwelled on Earth. The site contained diagrams explaining why, and listed names of biblical prophets, and teachers they believed were chayot. The pictures portrayed figures without wings, or horns and a tail. They looked like any normal human. I wanted to believe that was Gabe—at least half of him, but I didn’t know for sure. Needless to say the information on the World Wide Web freaked me out. 
Gabe snorted, bringing me out of my thoughts. He tucked the pillow into the large overstuffed chair he sat in. We were in my living room, the TV turned on low, and Gatsby was curled in my lap. My cat gave me an evil glare, one eye still closed, when I’d thrown the pillow. I ignored him.
“Not exactly an angel.” Gabe brushed his hands through his hair. 
“What, no wings?” I grabbed another pillow, this one with a cross-stitched Ursula hovering over a wide-eyed Ariel on the front, and chucked it. 
 I was trying to be funny, but he seemed preoccupied. A strange shadow passed over his face, but immediately disappeared. He caught the pillow and stuffed it in the groove next to the one with Aurora on it. “No wings. No halo. No trumpet. Just a deeply embedded passion to rid the world of evil.”
An insistent dread filled my heart. 
He means you, my inner voice grumbled. 
I pushed down the feelings, my insecurities. “And you can’t die?” The memory of his body twisted at an odd angle sprang to mind and my stomach turned. 
“Of course I can die. All creatures can. But it isn’t easy.” He smirked, cool cockiness oozing from his pores.
“How?” I asked, and immediately regretted it. I didn’t want to know how to kill him, my sexy Gabe. I was just curious, kind of like how I studied ways to kill other mystic creatures in Professor Pops’ Museum of the Supernatural. I got the feeling Gabe didn’t understand that though, and another shadow passed over his features. “Never mind,” I added quickly. 
He got out of the chair and knelt in front of me. I shooed Gatsby off my lap and scooted closer, putting my knees on either side of him, brushing my fingers along his worried brow. His green eyes tore into me with hunger, desire, and something else… guilt? 
Did he regret the way he felt about me?
Of course he does. He was supposed to kill you, my inner voice chided. 
I wouldn’t accept that. I was still me, still the Snow White he flirted with at Warehouse Video, the same girl he wrapped in his arms and promised to never leave—wasn’t I? A lot happened since the night we slept in the same bed. 
I’d been bitten and changed into a revenant and finally a vampire. But I hadn’t killed anyone. I still went to school, fed my cat, and did normal stuff.  
Drinking the blood of a human is not normal, my inner voice huffed. 
Gabe seemed to sense my internal conversation. “Kiss me,” he said, his voice low and husky. Gabe tugged me onto his lap and our lips met. I pressed my body into his, allowing my need for him to overpower every other emotion. For several long minutes we were lost in each other and I forgot about everything but how good it felt to have Gabe’s hands caressing my body, his tongue skimming the inside of my mouth. 
When we broke apart we were both breathing heavily. I smiled, running my hands through his thick dark hair. Gabe was beautiful. His eyes searched mine, a signature Gabe-smirk plastered on his face. 
He’s proud of himself, my inner voice smoldered. 
“My turn.” I pulled his hair, tugging his head back and exposing the delicious blue-green vein. My canines started to grow. 
A low growl rumbled in the back of his throat and he closed his eyes. 
I sank my teeth into his neck, relishing the way his skin parted. I tugged his body tightly against mine, sucking slowly, enjoying the intimacy. 
“Snow,” he groaned, cupping my butt with his hands. 
Now that I knew he was half chayot, I relished the distinct difference in his blood. I understood it. This was my third time drinking from Gabe. Professor Pops had made me promise to drink from each person only once. 
Yes, but Gabe isn’t all human, I thought, pulling my teeth from Gabe’s neck and kissing the twin holes that were already healing. 
He grabbed my head and kissed me, his tongue entwining with mine. “I love you, Snow,” he whispered into my lips, gently rocking me closer to him. 
His words halted my insides. 
He loves me, I thought cheerfully. 
“I love you too,” I returned. 
He slowly moved back, bringing me down with him, and rolled so his body covered mine. 
I knew Professor Pops had “the talk” with him after he walked in on Gabe and me the other night. In a phone conversation, Gabe and I decided we would wait to go any further than kissing, but his body felt so good against mine. I almost decided to change my mind. 
Gabe stopped though, sitting up and pulling me with him. 
“I should go,” he said, his voice hoarse, his hair rumpled. 
“Okay,” I agreed. 
We stood and he hugged me. “You’re amazing,” he said, his lips brushing against my hair. 
“Funny, I was thinking the same thing about you.” 
I nuzzled his neck. He groaned, kissing my forehead. “I can’t imagine what it feels like for you.” He touched his neck, feathering his fingers across the place my teeth had been moments before. The holes were already gone. “But I’ve never experienced anything better.” 
His words caused my knees to go weak. “That pretty much sums it up.”  
For some reason an image of Christopher popped into my mind. 
Ask him about the pendant. Use your powers of persuasion if you have to and ask already, my inner voice commanded.  
But I couldn’t. I didn’t want Gabe to think I was accusing him of stealing.
“What is it?” he asked, his fingers touching my swollen mouth. 
I shook my head. “Just happy.” I sighed, leaning into him. I never would’ve believed there could be a Gabe and me. 
“See ya.” He opened the front door, letting in a brisk November wind. 
“Bye,” I responded, closing the door behind him. 
I got ready for bed, a perma-smile trapped on my lips. After I pulled my purple comforter over me, Gatsby jumped up and curled himself at my feet, his purring a soothing ballad. I immediately fell asleep. 

Chapter 2
 
I was dead. My body rested on a cloud of purple inside a clear glass cylinder that was my casket. I’d been laid to rest in a gossamer white dress. Dainty white slippers covered my feet. My dark hair was curled and a white ribbon wound through like a headband. In my hands I clutched a single red rose, the color of my stained lips. Dark lashes stood out against the stark white of my skin. The casket rested on a white stand in a lush field full of thousands of white daises. They swayed in the slight wind. 
The smartly-dressed brothers and Professor Pops were at the foot of my casket, and the Vampire Queen stood near my head. She wore a blood red dress that scooped low, enhancing her breasts. Above, the sun shone brightly. Birds twittered in nearby pine trees. The hum of insects provided a despondent melody and a babbling brook meandered nearby.
It was like looking at a painting of a moment in time. No one spoke. No one moved. 
What are they waiting for? I wondered. 
Overhead a glorious man with velvet-white wings descended. In his hands he held a large sword. Tears filled my eyes as an overwhelming serenity consumed my soul, and I wondered at it: why I didn’t feel sadness at seeing my body laid to rest in a casket, or fear because of the menacing angel. There was only calm. 
He drew closer, his features coming into view. 
“Gabe.” I noted the set of his jaw and the hardness in his green eyes.  
 He alighted next to my body and lifted the lid on the casket. Still the brothers, Professor Pops, and the Queen remained still.
Could they not see him? Was he going to kiss me awake? 
The eyes of my corpse flew open and my fangs grew. I heard a furious growl rumble in the throat of my dead body. 
Gabe brought the blade above my heart and plunged. As the sharp edges parted my skin it made sounds like metal ripping through concrete. “I’m so sorry,” he cried, pulling back after several moments. Red blood dripped from the edge of his blade and landed on my white dress. 
My eyes closed. 
My fangs withdrew.
And I was gone. 

Chapter 3

When I woke I was shocked to see eight handsome men standing at the foot of my bed—Professor Pops and all seven brothers. Professor Pops held a light wooden tray abounding with food. 
Heathcliff stage whispered, “One. Two. Three.” 
Eight deep voices sang as one. “Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear Snow. Happy birthday to you.”
Gabe said Snowflake. I recognized his baritone. 
“And many more,” Daniel added. 
“On channel four,” Salvatore sang. 
“We live next door,” Bart crooned, lifting a hand in the air.
“She likes to snore.” Dorian wiggled his eyebrows in amusement.
“It shakes the floor,” Sebastian finished, holding the last note.
I couldn’t help the embarrassed giggle and I covered my head with my blanket. “Thank you,” I muttered. If I had the choice of any eight people in the entire world to be part of my life, these goofy, awesome, amazing men would be who I chose. 
“Show your face, birthday girl,” Dorian said, flipping the covers back. He caught some of my hair in his fingers and I yelped. 
“Violent,” I howled playfully.
His eyes grew wide in mock terror. “Sorry.” He brushed the hair out of my face with one hand. I sat up and stuck out my tongue, which caused all the guys to laugh, including me.
Professor Pops set the platter of food on my nightstand. A large waffle, topped with a generous helping of whipped cream, strawberries, and almond slices steamed from the center of the plate. A glass of orange juice rested at the top near the knife and spoon, and a bowl of fruit sat above the fork. 
“Looks delicious,” I said, wishing it would taste like the food in Sharra. At the reminder of the apple I sampled while there, my mouth watered. 
“You can eat in a minute. Presents first,” Heathcliff said. One by one they filed out of my room and then came back. Each held a beautifully wrapped present. 
I willed away the tears forming on my lashes. 
You’re such a baby, my inner voice clucked. 
I flapped my hand, fanning my face, hoping that would help. “You guys didn’t have to get me anything. The party tonight is more than enough.”
“Pish posh,” Salvatore said, setting a box wrapped in shiny silver paper and tied with a red bow in front of me.
I raised an eyebrow and laughed. “Thanks, old lady.” 
“Open it.” He sat at the end of my bed. The others gathered around. 
I picked it up and shook it. It was light, but there was definitely something inside. Untying the ribbon, I ripped off the paper and opened the box. “Socks,” I said, holding up a blue pair. “A lot of socks.” 
“Sixteen pairs of socks,” Salvatore said with a radiant smile.
“You’re such a douche,” Sebastian goaded, slapping Salvatore in the back of the head. Salvatore reciprocated by punching Sebastian in the stomach.  
Professor Pops glared. “Language,” he snapped, efficiently ending the altercation.
“I really needed socks. Thank you.” I leaned over and hugged Salvatore.
“You’re welcome,” he responded, suddenly shy.
Sebastian pulled him from the bed and sat in his place. His box was wrapped in a shimmering navy blue paper and tied with a big magenta bow. He placed it in my lap. I opened it with gusto, the excitement building at all of the presents. Inside were smaller plastic boxes. The first contained a watch with a red band, the face shaped like an apple. “Cute,” I said, setting it next to me on the bed so I could open another one. Another watch was nestled inside. This one had a baby blue band. The face was baby blue and surrounded by diamonds—hopefully fake. The next little box had a watch with a black band and tiny black diamonds circling the face. 
“These are cool, right?” he asked, searching my face. 
“Very cool,” I responded sincerely, putting the black one on my wrist. Salvatore made a noise so I hurriedly slid on a black pair of socks. 
“Sixteen watches in all different colors.” He helped me open the rest. My bed held a rainbow of watches and I wondered what I’d do with them all.
“I’m thinking there might be a theme to the gifts,” I said, glancing at each of the guys. 
The all agreed with “yes,” and “of course.”
My smile was so big it hurt my cheeks. 
“Told you it was a great idea,” Daniel said. 
For the next half hour I opened presents, the delicious-looking food forgotten. It didn’t matter. I wouldn’t have enjoyed it anyway, and I think they all knew it. 
Each brother gave me sixteen of something. Dorian gave me shirts. They were new and made for women, but still had old eighties memorabilia on the front: musicians like Def Leppard, TV show characters like the Smurfs. A yellow shirt had a smiley face drawn on it with a hole in its forehead. I put it on over my tank. 
Bart gave me earrings in all different shapes and sizes. I rarely wore earrings, but put in a pair of ruby-colored studs. 
Daniel gave me apples, which I thought was hilarious, but the guys grumbled was lame.
Heathcliff gave me journals. “So you can write down your thoughts,” he said. They were beautiful. Some were leather, others had pretty designs and flowers on them. 
Professor Pops presented me with sixteen pairs of Converse in an array of shades from bright orange to teal and lime green to lemon yellow. 
“Thank you,” I squealed before clearing my throat. I couldn’t help the enthusiasm that spewed out of me. I wasn’t a shoe person unless the shoes were Converse. “These are awesome!”
I jumped up on the bed and hugged him. 
“So glad you like them,” he grinned, his eyes twinkling.
I cleaned up my bed, putting the watches into the box, the socks back in their box, and moving the Converse into a boxed pile on the floor.
Gabe stepped forward. “One more,” he said, his voice soft. 
I’d been nervously avoiding his gaze. The dream of him floating from the sky and stabbing me through the heart was still firmly situated in the forefront of my mind. Last night he’d told me he wasn’t an angel and didn’t have wings, but the dream still freaked me out.  
“Snow?” Gabe shook the present playfully.  
I smiled. “Sorry.” The box he handed me was small, the paper a bright green secured by a white and green polka dot bow. I opened it. Inside was a red iPod Nano. Surprised, I glanced at him. He’d remembered my new favorite color was red. 
“There are sixteen songs on there.” He winked. “I hope you like them.” 
I hugged him. “Thanks, Gabe. I’m sure I’ll love them.”
He placed his hands on my waist, sending an electric pulse of heat through my belly. I leaned into him, enjoying his smell, like fresh laundry, sandalwood, and a hint of his mouth-watering blood. Holy being or not, I was drawn to him. 
Opposites attract. He’s supposed to be good. You’re supposed to be evil. It’s a textbook setup, my inner voice said sarcastically. 
I internally shook away those thoughts. Gabe and I had plenty in common. 
Gabe kissed my neck and my body warmed. His soft lips melted away all worry. 
“We’d better let Snow get cleaned up. Plus, you boys have a lot of work to do before the party tonight,” Professor Pops said. 
They all groaned. 
“Later, Snow,” they said as they unhappily left the room. 
I stifled a laugh. “I can’t wait to see you guys in your tuxes,” I sang out. 
More groans. 

Chapter 4

When Professor Pops reached the hallway he bent and picked up an extra-large box that was leaning on its side. It was wrapped in shimmering black with a small black and white ribbon around it. “One more present,” he said, bringing it over to me. It was as long as my bed. 
“What is it?” I asked, too intrigued to be embarrassed by the extravagance. 
“You’ll see,” he smiled, causing the wrinkles near his eyes to become more prominent.  
I tore away the wrapping. Across the white box written in bold black were the words Vera Wang. My eyes found Pops’. “I already have a dress, remember? My dad and… stepmother bought one for me,” I whispered. 
He tipped his chin toward the box. “Open it.”
Carefully I removed the lid. For some reason my hands shook, my heart beating rapidly. Folding back the tissue, I sucked in my breath. Layer after deep, crimson layer of a transparent, filmy material covered the entire inside of the box. On top of the cloud of red was a strapless bodice. I gingerly pressed it between my thumb and first finger. It was soft, like silk.
“Try it on. Let’s see if it fits.”
“Alright,” I agreed, mesmerized by its beauty. 
“Vera is a friend of mine. When I explained the dress was for your sixteenth birthday party and that the theme was a masquerade ball, she excitedly created this masterpiece.” 
“It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” I said softly walking into the bathroom and shutting the door. Quickly I removed my shoes, plaid pajama pants, smiley face tee shirt, black tank top, and the watch Sebastian gave me. I stepped into the dress and pulled it over my chest. Pinching the sides together, I awkwardly zipped myself in. The dress felt like liquid against my skin. Opening the door I stepped out, nervous anxiety skipping in my belly.
Professor Pops held out his hands. I took them and he gently twirled me. “You look exquisite, Snow. Like a fiery dream.”
I blushed, enjoying the attention.
Seven heads peeked into my bedroom.
“Holy wow,” Heathcliff said.
The others nodded their approval.
I found Gabe, and he mouthed, “Gorgeous.” 
“Get,” Professor Pops scolded, shooing them from the room.
I walked over to the full-length mirror and my heart raced faster. The girl in the mirror looked older, more mature… 
Like a woman, I thought. 
“The mask will be arriving later this afternoon. I’ll have one of the boys bring it over,” Professor Pops said, choked up.
I turned to him. “What’s wrong?” I asked.
He shook his head, clearing his throat. “I am honored to know you, Snow White.” He bowed and my heart lurched. 
Why did he do that? The words from the Vampire Queen filtered through my mind. She’d said he wanted her power. I still had so much to learn. 
I touched his shoulder. “Thank you for everything. I’m so glad to know you.” Heat rose in my cheeks. 
He straightened and walked to the door. “Always a pleasure.” He seemed sad, but before I could ask him why he added, “I’ll see you tonight.” Then he left.
I turned back to the mirror. Dark half-circles like crescent bruises, made my blue eyes appear haunted. My short hair was a mess. The dress was beautiful, but I needed work.
I needed Cindy.

Chapter 5

I called Cindy on my regular phone because my dad and stepmother decided I wasn’t mature enough to have a cell. Sure, I’d lost the dang thing after only a month. It hadn’t been my fault. I’d been in a blood-induced haze, caused by my belief that I had killed Gabe. I shouldn’t be held accountable for my actions. The problem was I couldn’t explain any of it to them. My dad, and especially my stepmother, wouldn’t understand that I’d been so far gone they only existed in a deep recess of my mind—that I only remembered them on the rare occasion when I wasn’t completely drunk on human blood.  
“Happy birthday, Snow,” Cindy shouted as soon as she picked up the phone. 
“Thanks,” I answered, plopping on the couch and flipping on the TV. Gatsby climbed next to me and yowled, rubbing his head against my thigh. I needed to feed him. Rising, I went to get his kibble. 
“Are you stoked about your party tonight?” Cindy’s voice hitched.
“Um, yes. I am. It’s just…” I hesitated.
“You have no idea what to do with your hair and don’t know the first thing about makeup,” she finished for me.  
I laughed, pushing away any doubts I had about our friendship. We hadn’t talked about her magic—or lack thereof—since I’d been back. I hadn’t really had a chance to hang out with her. Between training with the brothers, Professor Pops, and Kenmei, reading up on supernatural creatures, making out with Gabe, and catching up on the two weeks of school I missed, I hadn’t had time. Professor Pops was right about one thing though: homework was easy, and I finished within the first week of being back. “Yes,” I sighed. “Can you help?”
“Does Abercrombie go with Fitch?” 
“I—”
“Never mind. I’ll be there in twenty minutes.”
Letting out a huge breath in relief, I said, “Cool. See ya.”
I clicked off the phone and filled Gatsby’s water dish. “Well kitty, I need a shower.” I ran to the stairs and was halfway up when the phone rang. 
“Bring over your dress,” I said, thinking it was Cindy. 
“What? Snow, is that you?” It was my dad.
“Oh, hi, Dad. Sorry, I thought you were Cindy. She’s coming over to help me get ready for my party.” As I spoke I climbed the stairs, went into my bathroom and pulled out a clean towel, then turned on the water so it could warm up. 
“That’s nice.” He paused and inhaled then, in a totally fake perky voice, he said, “Happy birthday, Snow Angel. Wish I was there.” 
A lump formed in my throat. Did he really? I sure needed him. “Thanks, Dad. I wish you were here too.”
He exhaled. “We should be there for Christmas.” Then in a sharper tone he added, “You know what? I will be there for Christmas. Promise.” I had a feeling his words defied my stepmother’s wishes. If she had anything to do with it they’d be in Paris or Italy, anywhere but with me. 
“That’s awesome. Can’t wait.” The lump thickened. I wanted to believe he would come, no matter what, that I was important enough for him—but past experience told me it wasn’t true.  
I heard my stepmother speaking in the background, telling him to hurry up. “Alright, well, have fun at your party. Take care of yourself. Be safe.” 
“I will. Thanks.” The lump in my throat sank like a rock to my stomach. 
“Love you, Snow Angel. Talk to you soon.” 
“Love you—” The phone clicked off. “Too.” 

Chapter 6

I stood in front of my full-length mirror unable to believe the reflection was mine. Snow White. Klutzy tomboy turned vampire with a fondness for boyish hand-me-downs and Converse. I ran my fingers through the fluffy skirt. Hundreds of different sized ruffles in a soft, see-through material were capped with red satin ribbon. The tight bodice felt like a seamless hug—not too tight, not too loose. The dress hung at just the right length and looked awesome with my red Converse—yeah, not even Cindy could talk me out of my shoe choice. They were brand new; one of the pairs Professor Pops gave me, not the pair from the Vampire Queen. I had a feeling he’d picked out the color to go with my dress. He knew me better than most.
Except maybe the Vampire Queen, my inner voice cringed.   
 “You look tres gorgeous, Snow,” Cindy said. 
I laughed internally, guessing she must’ve decided French wasn’t as boring as she thought. 
I turned back and forth, checking my reflection at different angles. “Thanks, Cindy. You did an amazing job on my hair.”
She grinned. “No duh. You’re going to be the most beautiful girl at the ball tonight.” 
I snorted. “Whatever.”
Cindy shook her head and continued to pet Gatsby, who sat on her lap, purring nosily. She still wore her jeans but had a strapless nude bra on top. The party was in a half hour, but we’d agreed to meet at Professor Pops’ twenty minutes ago. 
Cindy’s hair was in three loose French braids that came together in the back near the nape of her neck. She’d curled the ends and pinned them into a bun and put little baby blue flowers in between the curls. Her makeup was a little darker than normal. “Dramatic,” was what she called it. 
My eye makeup was similar. On her lips she wore a light pink gloss. On my lips was a dark red that matched my dress. Cindy spent an hour using different sizes of irons to put curls all over my head, then she teased and backcombed until my dark hair was like a curly cloud. She left my bangs straight and used some kind of goop to make it stay to one side. I looked like me, only different. Older. More sophisticated. 
“You gonna get dressed?” I asked, turning to face her. 
She nudged Gatsby off her lap and stood. “Yep, right now. Will you help zip me?” 
“Sure.”
She slid off her jeans and walked over to my opened bedroom door where she’d hung her dress. Beneath was a box, and she removed the most gorgeous but dangerous-looking pair of shoes I’d ever seen. The heels were thin, like glass, but probably six inches tall. Gunmetal beads adorned the band across the foot and the cuff that went around the ankle. 
“You’re going to wear those?” I asked, wondering how she’d walk.
“Of course, silly.” She slid them on and buckled the cuff. She looked taller than me. “Wow,” I said as she unzipped the black garment bag. 
“Wow, good, right?” Cindy asked, sliding a strapless sequined dress out. “My legs appear slender, and my ass looks toned?” 
“Definitely,” I said. Who was I to question the girl who lived, breathed, and ate fashion? Certainly not me.
She stepped into the dress and I zipped it up. It was sleek, and clung to her every curve. Each sequin was the size of a penny and the exact shade of her shoes. Underneath the sequins was a baby blue material in the same color as the ruffled bottom of her dress. She looked like a mermaid, the most dazzling mermaid I’d ever seen. “You look amazing, Cin.”
She walked over to the mirror, pulling and tugging on the dress until it was just so. She turned to check out the back. “You think?” she asked, though she knew I knew it was fact. She would be the best looking girl at the ball. 
“Since you’re the birthday girl we ought to get you there before everyone else, right?” she asked, walking to the door. 
“I suppose,” I said, suddenly nervous. I sat on my bed as though a heavy weight pushed me down. My shoulders turned in. I hadn’t had blood in a while. Professor Pops gave me more of the bloodlust tea and I drank it, but we both agreed it probably wasn’t doing any good now that I was no longer a revenant. At this point even Cindy’s blood, which wasn’t all that fragrant, caused my canines to quiver with need. If she offered, I’d take it, but I really wanted Gabe’s, or Christopher’s…
Or Dorian’s, my inner voice cooed. 
“What’s wrong? You shouldn’t sit. You’ll ruin the lay of your dress.” 
“Fine.” I stood and reorganized my ruffles. Swallowing, I searched Cindy’s face, listened to the gentle rhythm of her heartbeat, and smelled the lilac scent of her skin. Nothing about her spoke of fear or worry. Cindy told me she was a witch. If I told her my secret, that human blood was my new food of choice, she would understand. 
“Cindy,” I cleared my throat.

Chapter 7

“What is it?” she asked, smiling brightly. 
“I—why didn’t you use your locator spell to find me?” I asked, surprised that’s what came out of my mouth. I hadn’t meant to go there with her tonight. 
She grabbed my hand and squeezed. “I’m so glad you brought it up. I didn’t know how.”
“Oh?”
“I tried to find you. The spell,” she coughed. “For some reason it didn’t work.” Her impeccably plucked eyebrows crunched together in concentration. 
See? Her magic isn’t strong enough, my inner voice huffed.
I moved toward the door; no reason to make her feel uncomfortable. “No biggie,” I said.
Cindy followed. “It was a biggie. I was worried sick. Several times I sensed your presence, but for some reason your location was concealed. I asked my grandmother about it, whether or not I did something wrong.” She frowned. 
“And?” I encouraged.
She shook her head, her face filled with a strange expression. Her heart rate increased. 
Nerves, I thought. 
“My grandmother said she didn’t understand it either. That there was only one reason it wouldn’t work.”
I giggled unexpectedly. What would she say? What was the reason? I didn’t think I wanted to hear the answer. I turned and walked down the hall and to the stairs, but before I could take a step down, she grabbed my hand. 
“Snow. Wait.”
I bit the inside of my cheek. Could I tell her? Just blurt out the truth? Say, “Cindy, I’m a vampire, but don’t worry; I won’t kill you or suck your blood or anything. I’ve got it under control.”
“My grandmother said the locator spell works based on whatever you’re looking for. A human is one way. If it’s an animal, I must change up the spell a little. For a plant, I do the spell even more differently.”
“That’s weird,” I laughed, a wave of sickness washing through my stomach. 
She studied my face. “Yes, it is weird. I tried the human spell three different times. Just to be safe I did the spell for an animal and for a plant as well. None of them worked.” 
I pulled my arm from her grasp and started down the stairs. “Maybe you still did something wrong. You know you struggle with that sciencey stuff in Biology.”
She trailed me. “No, that isn’t it. I did everything right. My grandmother said—” she stopped.
I opened the front door, but a fragrant wind blew it from my grip and the door slammed shut. “What?” I asked, knowing Cindy had used magic. I would have to tell her.
“My grandmother said the only reason the spell didn’t work was that you aren’t human, but something born of magic. She gave me a quick lesson on all the different magical creatures in the world, even explained that my favorite stuffed animal—Mr. Unicorn—remember him?” She stopped, waiting for me to answer. 
“Uh-huh,” I prodded. 
“He’s based on a real creature my grandmother knew a long time ago. At first I was freaked out but figured hey, if I could have a spell book with a dragon’s eye on the cover, surely I could handle the knowledge that fairies and unicorns are real.” Her breathing came more rapidly now. I sensed she was about to figure out what I was for herself. 
“Go on,” I whispered, clutching the door handle.
“Well, you’re too big to be a fairy, and you’re certainly not a gremlin or an elf, so what are you?” Cindy placed her hands on her hips and waited. “Tell me.” Lowering her voice, she added, “Please. I can handle it.”
“No, I’m not a fairy. Closer to a gremlin, I guess.” For some reason I got choked up. With the brothers, they knew. Professor Pops prepared them. Christopher was the one who bit me, so I hadn’t had to tell him. I hadn’t had to come out and tell anyone yet. “I am a vampire.” Those words stuck in my throat. They wouldn’t go from my brain and out of my mouth. I guess the biggest part of me worried she wouldn’t like me anymore once she found out the truth. Gabe said vampires were evil. What had Cindy’s grandmother said about my kind?
She moved so that we were practically nose to nose. It was weird having her so tall. One of her fingers touched my cheek, and she said some words in a language I didn’t understand. 
I gulped. My skin tingled, and I wondered if she cast a spell.
You should’ve used your power of persuasion to make her no longer care about what you are, or forget you were gone or something, my inner voice cautioned nervously. 
I still could, but that didn’t seem fair. Cindy told me she was a witch. I had to tell her what I was.
“Cindy, it’s um… you see… well, the truth is, I’m a—”
She sucked in her breath and stepped back. “You’re a vampire. The spell worked. I can see you for what you truly are.” Her eyes grew round like two giant saucers. 
I nodded. “Yes.” I looked away, scanning anywhere and everywhere that wasn’t her.

Chapter 8

She sat on the couch and I knew she must be stunned. 
“What about your dress? You’ll wrinkle it,” I said quietly, copying what she said to me upstairs. 
She waved away my worry. “My grandmother mentioned vampires.” Cindy paused and seemed to be mulling over the word, working out what she now knew to be the truth. 
I grabbed her hand. “Still warm, see? I’m still me.” I resisted the urge to cry, to pity myself or feel bad. I couldn’t change what had happened, couldn’t go back and get unbitten or undrink Christopher’s blood, or Gabe’s, or any of the other humans’.   
Her eyes squinted in bewilderment and she placed a hand on my chest. “Your heart still beats.” Cindy shook her head, surprise shining in her features. “My grandmother said vampires were creatures without a heart—that their internal makeup was completely different from other living creatures. How is this possible?” 
“I’m not sure.” And that was the truth. Maybe it was because I was one of the Chosen. Maybe the Vampire Queen’s magic did something to me, the way it did for Christopher. 
Maybe it has to do with you, my inner voice chided. Kenmei said the magic within the Seal of Gabriel was created for me. 
I shook those thoughts from my mind. I didn’t fully believe the magic in the necklace would work for me alone. If any of the Chosen possessed the necklace, surely it would work for them as well. But I did need to find the pendant. Christopher’s life depended on it.  
“You haven’t seen a necklace, have you? The chain is silver and a red gem in the shape of a teardrop is attached?” I blurted the question before my mind had a chance to filter. 
She shook her head. “Not in person, but I saw something about a necklace; it was called the Seal of Gabriel, in my spell book. Is that the one you’re talking about?” As she spoke her voice raised an octave. She obviously knew that it contained magical properties. Her people—witches or whatever—probably wanted the necklace as much as everyone else did. 
“Yes, that’s the one.” I nodded and a combined feeling of hope and dread throbbed against my temple. 
She went over to the door, grabbed the bag she’d chucked next to it, and pulled out her spell book. The eye on the cover blinked, watching. I held back a shudder. Scooting closer, I waited while she flipped through the pages until she arrived at a picture of the necklace. 
“It says—”
A horn blared from the driveway.
“Are you expecting someone?” Cindy asked.
I shook my head, but remembered Professor Pops mentioned someone would bring over my mask when it was ready. “It could be my mask.”
She closed her book and I opened the front door. In a whisper she asked, “Do you want some of my blood?” 
I laughed. “Are you offering?”
“Nooooooo,” she said, but laughed as well. “So you aren’t some bloodthirsty fiend?” 
Dorian stood near the passenger door of a large black limousine. He bounced up and down. 
I quickly regarded Cindy, checking to see if she was all right. No point telling her I was a bloodthirsty fiend. That was beside the point. My thirst remained under control. “I’m just me: Snow White, the girl you’ve known since kindergarten.” 
She blinked. “Yes, you are,” she gently responded, and I knew our friendship was good. 
“Hurry up, you two, I’m freezing my butt off out here,” Dorian shouted. 
“Keep your teeth in,” I uttered. 
Cindy used magic to retrieve her mask. It sailed down the staircase and landed gently in her outstretched hand. 
How does she do that? I wondered. 
To her I said, “You’re awesome.”
“Duh.” 
I lifted my dress as I took the two steps off my porch and carefully walked toward the limo. The November night was chilly. I breathed in, enjoying the crisp scent of the pine needles and the way the frozen air clung to everything in the shape of tiny snowflakes. It dawned on me that I felt happy, momentarily satisfied. The feeling radiated with a glow I could almost taste. In that instant everything hung right with the world. Gabe loved me. Cindy knew what I was and hadn’t run away. The brothers and Professor Pops cared for me without judgment. 
What about your dad and your stepmother? What about Christopher? my inner voice sneered. I deflated. My dad and stepmother I couldn’t do anything about. They chose, with great effort, to stay away. Christopher was different. At least I hoped so. I needed to find the Seal of Gabriel. 
Dorian opened the door and waved us inside. 
Cindy moved at a slower rate. The walkway was in serious need of repair, and Cindy in her six-inch heels nearly toppled over a few times before Dorian jogged over and came to her rescue. 
“What the hell are you wearing? Stilts?” he asked in mock distain.  
“Very funny,” she replied, but clung to his arm. 
Dorian’s close proximity caused my heart to lurch. He looked handsome in his black tuxedo with a burgundy and black striped tie, a white shirt, and a burgundy vest, but his blood smelled even better. My canines pricked against the inside of my mouth. I swallowed and held my breath, forcing myself to calm down. 
Cindy and I climbed in and Dorian closed the door for us. A man sat in the driver’s seat. Dorian climbed in next to him. “To the ball, Georgio,” Dorian said, pointing toward the mansion. 
Georgio said, “You got it.” He checked the rearview mirror and held my gaze. Something about his eyes seemed familiar. I couldn’t think why, though. In the next second he looked away, shifting the limousine into drive. 
Cindy leaned close and whispered in my ear, “Tomorrow you and I are going to have a big, long chat, and you’re going to tell me everything. Deal?”
“Deal,” I agreed.
Dorian turned to face us. “What are we agreeing to?”
Cindy and I glanced at each other and laughed.
Cindy raised her chin as she slid back in the lush, leather seat. “None of your business, Dorian.” 

Chapter 9

On the seat next to Cindy rested a rectangle box. 
“What’s this?” Cindy asked, poking at it.
I shrugged. 
Dorian, who’d been watching, said, “That’s your mask, Snow. Check it out.”
“It seems small,” Cindy remarked. 
I picked up the box and placed it in my lap. It did seem minute compared to Cindy’s mask, which had three large feather plumes in baby blue and gray protruding from the right side of her mask. Her mask was baby blue except around the eyes, which had small sequins the same color as the sequins on her dress lining the openings. 
Timidly I removed the lid on the box and shifted the white paper inside. The mask nestled within the tissue was simple: red satin, the exact color of my dress, covered in black lace. I immediately loved it. 
“That’s it?” Cindy started. 
I’d told her Professor Pops was having the mask made specifically for the Ball. She obviously thought it lacked any flair. It wasn’t pretentious or over the top. It was perfect.  
“I like it. The mask won’t take away from Snow’s beauty,” Dorian said. 
I blushed. “Thanks, Dorian. Where’s your mask?” 
Cindy sniffed. 
He rolled his eyes. “It’s at the house. We all decided on the same style and color. Black. Except Bart’s. His is gray.”
We pulled into the circular driveway and Georgio put the limousine in park. Dorian jumped out, ran around to our door, and held it open. His eyes were sparkling with anticipation.
“What is it?” I asked.
“You’ll see.” He leaned in so that I got a good whiff of his neck. I had the feeling he did it on purpose. “Love your shoes,” he said, and I shivered. Like Eve with the apple, I was tempted. 
Just a taste, my mind cooed. But I resisted. Now wasn’t the time.  
After Dorian helped Cindy out, we turned toward the house. It was lit up with thousands of white, shimmering lights. 
“It’s beautiful,” I breathed, feeling like I’d stepped into a fairytale land. 
“You ain’t seen nothing yet,” Dorian said. “C’mon.” He stood between Cindy and me and held out his elbows. I took his arm in one hand and my dress in the other. We climbed the steps. The front door opened and the three of us stepped inside. The brothers and Professor Pops were off to one side, several fidgeting with their tuxes. They all wore their masks. One of the brothers, Sebastian, handed Dorian his. He slid it on, moving next to Heathcliff. 
They all looked… dashing. Cindy thought so too. I could tell by the tittering noises coming from her throat. 
The tuxes were black, except Bart’s. His tux was a dark gray, the same as his mask. There were other, subtler differences in the cut and shape of their tuxes, but the big variance was the colors of their ties and vests. Bart’s vest and bow tie was golden brown. Salvatore wore black with black, his sleek black hair in a low ponytail. Sebastian’s vest and tie were navy blue. Daniel’s satin vest and tie were white with white. Heathcliff’s were gray. Professor Pops didn’t have on a vest but a black cummerbund with a black bow tie. Gabe wasn’t among them. 
At the top of the grand staircase, suspended in shiny silver rope, was a gigantic banner that read: Happy Sweet 16, Snow!!! 
“Happy birthday!” all the guys shouted. 
I beamed. I couldn’t help it.
Cindy gave me one of her looks. It said, “Holy flippin’ hell.” I laughed.
The brothers gushed at how pretty we looked. I nodded, said “thank you,” and hugged everyone, but I worried about Gabe. 
“Where’s Gabe?” I asked Salvatore as we embraced. 
He stepped back, eyeing Professor Pops. 
Professor Pops cleared his throat and said, “He’s with his father.”
The remaining brothers issued comments about the lack of truth to the statement, but I just nodded. “Is he coming?” 
“Yes, he’ll be here,” Professor Pops responded, patting my back. “You look so incredibly beautiful.”
“Thank you,” I said, trying to ignore the shadow that crossed Pops’ features. What wasn’t he telling me? 
“You’ve got to see the ballroom,” Heathcliff said.
“You’re gonna love it,” Daniel added. 
I let them lead the way, hoping Gabe would come soon. 
Cindy moved so that we were next to each other. She said, “Merde, you’re lucky.” 
I grinned. She was right. These amazing men really did care about me, and I appreciated it so much. 

Chapter 10

From the front door we went left instead of right to the kitchen, from which delicious smells emanated. Cindy’s heels clacked against the floor as we passed the library and the entrance to the indoor pool. The guys pushed, joked, and shoved in front of us, but something definitely weighed on Pops’ mind. 
When we arrived at the twelve-foot tall double doors, the guys paused and turned, facing Cindy and me. Her heart beat fast like a hummingbird’s wings, and I knew she was excited. 
“Put your mask on, Snow,” Sebastian said, coming over to help. 
I placed it over my eyes. 
Cindy slapped Sebastian’s hands away. “I’ll do it. I don’t want you ruining her hair.” She carefully slid the stretchy silk-wrapped band over my hair and placed it against the back of my head. Moving to look at me, she sighed and clapped her hands. “Love it!”
I grinned, the edges of the mask touching my cheeks. “Good.”
“You ready, birthday girl?” Heathcliff asked.
“Most definitely.” My heart beat in time with Cindy’s. 
I’d been in the ballroom several times over the years, mostly when I was younger. I knew the outer and side walls were made entirely of windows. Above, from the center of the ceiling, dangled an enormous chandelier. In large checkered squares, blocks of the ceiling were carved out, and inside hung fans. The wall toward the front of the house held mirrors, making the space look twice as large. As kids, the boys and I would sneak into the enormous room to roller-skate, ride our scooters, or skateboard. Professor Pops would inevitably find us, give us a stern talking to, and then send us on our way.
Daniel pushed open the double doors. He was so theatrical and I covered a smile with my hand. The guys parted, allowing Cindy and me access to the entrance. 
When I stepped through, I felt transported to another time. I noticed the lighting first and looked up. The chandelier emitted a soft red glow. Dozens of thick white panels of cloth extended from the top of the chandelier and draped outward to the point where the ceiling met the walls, giving the appearance of an enormous tent. 
Square tables, each seating eight, were set with a large centerpiece filled with a spray of red flowers in different varieties and shades. Along the back wall stood probably thirty waiters, all dressed the same in white old-fashioned tux tails with bright red cummerbunds and bow ties. Their hands were clasped behind their backs and they were lined up with the tallest on the outside and the shortest in the middle. 
“Wow,” I breathed, taking it all in.
Current Top-Forty music played softly from speakers discreetly attached to the walls. A DJ set up his equipment next to a decorated table with a sign above it that said: Presents HERE. Scented vanilla candles emitted a pleasant fragrance. 
“It’s beyond beautiful,” I said, turning to Professor Pops. “Thank you!”  
“You’re more than welcome, Snow.” Professor Pops gave me a gentle squeeze. 
The doorbell rang. 
Salvatore said, “I’ll get it.” He and Sebastian casually ran to the front door. 
Moments later excited chatting could be heard coming down the hall.
“This is gonna be fun,” Cindy said.
I swallowed, for some reason nervous about the party. I wasn’t sure if it was panic that no one would show, horror that everyone would come, anxiety over Pops’ weirdness, the fact that Gabe was with his dad, or the odd gleam in Cindy’s eyes.  

Chapter 11

Dinner looked delicious. Everyone commented on how amazing it tasted. The waiters served chicken cordon bleu with steamed baby potatoes and asparagus spears topped with a creamy hollandaise sauce. Several times, as I popped a tiny bite of potato or asparagus—yeah, I still couldn’t eat meat—into my mouth and forced it down, I longed for the food in Sharra: the food made specifically for vampires, the food that tasted like blood. 
Dessert would be my cake, later tonight. It’d been wheeled out on a serving tray and placed next to a table that held a plethora of presents. The cake stood tall, five layers of red velvet covered in red fondant. Black frosting was piped over the top in intricate swirling designs. White flowers, which looked a lot like snowflakes, were placed methodically in groups of three and five. On the top layer of the cake stood a girl in a red dress holding a cake with sixteen “lit” candles. She looked a lot like me. Even her fondant-ruffled dress looked the same as mine. Around the edge, standing like guards protecting the girl, were sixteen real candles.
When dinner ended, the tables and chairs were cleared and disassembled in record time. Some were pushed to the side so people could sit and visit. The music was turned up and people danced. Everyone looked amazing and seemed to be having a good time.
I hadn’t danced, and I really didn’t want to. I probably still had two left dancing feet. Plus, Gabe still hadn’t arrived. 
What was he doing? I wondered. Searching for Pops, I found him talking with Kenmei and a man I didn’t know in a corner.  
Heathcliff came over and asked, “How’s your bloodlust? Feeling in control?”
I smiled. “Yes, I’m fine.” The pulsing blood in the room was mesmerizing, each scent unique to the other. All of them combined to form a decadent bouquet. More than once already I’d held my breath, forcing my sharp canines back into place. 
Cindy danced closely with one of the senior football players from school, a guy named Chad. Before tonight we hadn’t said two words to each other. That was the case with most of the people here tonight. Sure, I’d seen their faces many times over the years, but I didn’t really know any of them. I was surprised so many bothered to come. 
No one would miss this, my inner voice huffed. 
Daniel, Sebastian, Dorian, Salvatore, and Bart danced near each other, each with a beautiful girl in his arms. A pang of sadness split my heart. 
Gabe, where are you? I thought.
Thousands of pinpricks trickled up my spine like an electric current. My gaze shifted from the dance floor to where Kenmei and Professor Pops talked to the unfamiliar man. As one they turned toward the door. Pops and Kenmei appeared angry and the other man sneered arrogantly. 
Heathcliff stiffened. “This is not good.”
“What? What’s wrong?” I asked, facing the door. Gabe walked in, looking incredibly handsome in a black tux, bowtie, and cummerbund. The buttons on his white shirt were black as well. Gabe’s jaw clenched as he searched the room. 
Was he looking for me? I hoped, but a part of me was afraid. He didn’t look pleased at all. 
“Snow, I need you to come with me.” Heathcliff grabbed my hand and pulled me behind a group of people toward the other side of the door. 
“Why?” I asked. I wanted to find out what was wrong with Gabe. The energy in the room crackled and I sensed the tension Gabe brought with him. It was then I noticed the men and women filtering in behind Gabe. They all wore black, but weren’t dressed for the party. They were dressed to hunt. 
They’ve come for you, my inner voice retorted nervously.
Heathcliff didn’t respond. I yanked my hand from his. He glanced at me, surprised. 
“I need to find out what’s going on.” 
Heathcliff grabbed my shoulder and said, “Listen to me. Those are the chayot. They are here to do what Gabe couldn’t. They intend to kill you. We’ve got to get you out of here.” I heard the undercurrent of fear in Heathcliff’s voice. It meant a lot to me that he was worried but, just as he’d forgotten I was stronger than him a moment ago, he also didn’t realize that I wouldn’t be running from these… creatures. 
“What are you waiting for?” Dorian hissed, coming up behind Heathcliff. 
“She won’t go, and she’s stronger than I am,” Heathcliff pouted. 
“If you don’t—” Dorian began. 
“Snow White, show your face. Accept your fate and come with us.” A tall, very stunning man stepped in front of Gabe as he spoke. The music stopped, scratched into silence. Those who were still dancing paused to see what was going on, whispering and pointing. The chayot fanned out, systematically searching. I guessed for me.
“Understand now?” Dorian said, crouching. He pulled me down with him. 
“Is this part of the party?” I heard someone ask.
“Probably,” someone else answered. 
“Cool.”
“I’m going to count to five. If you haven’t come forward, one of these children will die.” The man’s voice was low, but carried like he spoke into a microphone. 
The other chayot moved silently.
I frantically searched the room for Cindy. Where was she? I’d lost her in the shuffle when the chayot showed.
“One.”
Gabe glanced at the man, and I instantly understood he was Gabe’s father. 
“Two.”
“Get her out of here,” Dorian said.
“I can’t leave. They’ll hurt someone.” I had to find Cindy. 
“No.” Dorian shook his head. “They’re bluffing. Gabe said the chayot are like divine creatures. Intentionally hurting an innocent would be against their laws.”
“Three.”
“I don’t think he cares about their laws.” Anger trickled along my spine and bloomed in my chest. 
Gabe whispered something in his father’s ear. With the flick of his wrist, two chayot men came up behind Gabe and held him fast. Gabe fought against them. I saw the ugly fury in their expressions. 
“Four!” 
“I’ve got to go. I don’t have a choice.” Leaving the brothers, I pushed through the crowd. 
“You always were dramatic, Oberon.”
I slid to a stop and spun in the direction of her voice. It was the Vampire Queen. How did she get in the ballroom? Behind her were dozens of vampires, males and females, Workers and Drones.
“Oh crap,” Sebastian said, sliding next to me. All the brothers except Gabe circled me.  
Suddenly Professor Pops and Kenmei were there. “Boys. Snow. I want you to gather the kids, tell them this is part of the festivities, and lead them through the secret door.” His intense eyes found mine. “Use your powers of persuasion. Convince them. Can you do that?”
I nodded. I’d have to hold the gaze of every person. “What are you going to do?”
“Stall and then end this. Now go. Hurry.”

Chapter 12

The guys circulated, rounding up the students into six groups. I stopped at each one, using my newfound vampire gift to convince the students this interruption was a surprise portion of the party. I just hoped the chayot and the Vampire Queen allowed the students to leave.
“Sharra. Oberon. This isn’t the place for a dispute. There is a room full of human children. Let them leave. They are innocent.” Professor Pops’ voice rang through the room, loud and strong.
“I’ve given you my ultimatum, Adam.” Oberon waved his hands at the students. From behind him and along the borders of the room, the chayot pulled swords. “Either Snow White steps forward and accepts her destiny, or the accidental death of a human will be on your conscience.”
Destiny. The word Kenmei used to describe what I needed to do with the Seal of Gabriel. The same word the Vampire Queen used. I was sick of hearing it. My life was my own, regardless of what Kenmei, the Vampire Queen, or Gabe’s father thought. I wasn’t a puppet on a string. My story hadn’t been written. 
Oberon expects you to die. The Vampire Queen believes you are to be her next body. And Kenmei imagines you to be the one who will restore balance to the Earth. That’s a lot of destiny for one person, my inner voice criticized. 
I snorted. 
Chayot men and women continued to roam along the edges of the ballroom, spreading out. They kept their distance from the back wall, where the vampires stood. I did a quick run through on how to kill Workers and Drones.
To slay a female required sunlight or a stake through the heart.
Males had to lose their heads. 
My body inadvertently shuddered. 
I had no idea how a chayot could be destroyed. 
Dorian grabbed my hand. “C’mon,” he mouthed. 
I nodded, unsure what else to do. We needed to get every non-supernatural creature out of the ballroom. That was most important.
“Have you seen Cindy?” I asked Dorian, still searching for her. She hadn’t been with any of the six groups the brothers rounded up. 
He shook his head. “I’m sure she’s fine. That girl can take care of herself.”
And I can’t, I thought, momentarily irritated. Did Kenmei, Professor Pops and the brothers believe I was too weak, or too much of a coward to face the chayot, the Vampire Queen, and her followers?  
Maybe it’s all of them at once, my inner voice quivered.  
“Do you see her?” Gabe’s father called out.
“Not yet.”
“No.”
“Negative.”
Oberon shook his head in exasperation, as though he felt sorry for what was about to happen. “Five,” he said softly. 
One of the chayot grabbed a student that hadn’t made it through the secret door yet. She screamed as he took her by the neck and held her against his chest. 
Oberon nodded. The chayot turned the shaking girl and forced the sword through her stomach. A gurgling noise escaped her lips as he withdrew the blade, letting her body fall to the floor. 
“No. No. No. Stop. Stop it!” I screamed, kneeling next to her, ignoring my sudden and profound hunger for blood. My canines grew, cutting the outer edges of my lips. I snarled at the chayot. He winced, stepping back, but quickly recovered, turning his bloody sword in my direction. Using my powers of persuasion, I said, “Leave now. Harm no one.” The chayot obeyed and took off toward the exit. When he reached the large double doors several chayot grabbed him and did something to release him from my hold. I growled, as an overwhelming frustration suffocated my insides, driving my desire for blood. 
“Snow.” It was Gabe’s voice, soft like a summer wind. I would know it anywhere. I found him. He was near the doors, but still being constrained by chayot guards. 
The look Gabe gave me, one of love and devotion—it was all I needed to center my thoughts. The anger within boiled brighter and I recalled what Gabe once said while we trained, “During battle anger is good, necessary in fact, but it must be controlled.” I inhaled deeply.  
My fangs retracted and I rose, my eyes zeroing in the Oberon’s. I could persuade him to do what I wanted. Why hadn’t I thought of that before? Moving slowly, deliberately, I stepped over the girl and spoke directly to Oberon. “You will let every human leave. You will let the wounded girl be treated and taken to the hospital, and you will get the hell out of Adam’s house.” I pointed toward the doors as I spoke. 
He stared blankly, and I thought it worked until he laughed. A hearty, evil, irritating laugh. 
“Did you hear that? She’s trying to command me. Me!” he roared. The rest of his group laughed with him. 
My face flushed. Why hadn’t it worked?
The Vampire Queen spoke respectfully, her voice gentle. “Do not do this, Oberon. This isn’t a battle you’ll win.”
I’d momentarily forgotten about the Vampire Queen and her followers. They’d been so quiet. That surprised me. They hadn’t harmed a human. The Queen wasn’t threatening to kill anyone. I tucked that knowledge into the back of my mind. 
Professor Pops came forward. “She’s just a girl, Oberon. You saw she was near blood and didn’t feed. She’s no more an animal than I am. Rethink this madness, my friend.” 
I fought back tears. Professor Pops truly was my Protector. 
Oberon directed his men with his eyes and suddenly Professor Pops was being held back by several chayot. I wondered where Kenmei was. The chayot, Professor Pops, and Kenmei were supposed to be on the same side. Obviously Pops chose me over the chayot, and Oberon wasn’t happy. A burst of love for Pops fueled the anger burning in my heart. Oberon would pay if he harmed another soul. 
Gabe’s father moved into my personal space, towering over me. “Have you come to your senses? Are you willing to accept your fate? Or are you too much of a monster to care if others are killed because of your cowardice?” One of the chayot holding Pops put a blade to his neck. A droplet of blood trickled from the newly opened wound. 
For some reason seeing Professor Pops’ blood brought questions to the forefront of my mind. Like, did he still drink blood? He was technically still a vampire. At one point he’d been the Vampire Queen’s Hunter. Did he still possess the powers of persuasion? And what about Kenmei?  
“Snow. Merryweather. White. Snap out of it!” Cindy’s voice sounded in my ear, as though she stood beside me. But she wasn’t there. 
Or was she? I wondered if she knew how to make herself invisible. Was that why I hadn’t been able to find her once the chayot and vampires showed? I’d have to ask her about it sometime, when Professor Pops wasn’t in dire trouble. I knew if he was beheaded, he would die. I couldn’t allow that to happen.   
I stepped forward, lifting my chin to meet Oberon’s glare. “You will not hurt him.”
He laughed again, turning his gaze from left to right, encouraging his followers to join in. From the V in his black button-down shirt I saw the gleam of something red. It glittered in the subdued red lights. 

Chapter 13

The Seal of Gabriel, my inner voice shouted. The red teardrop on the end of the silver chain swayed gently near his throat. 
If Oberon had it then that meant Gabe stole it. My barely contained fury raged. How dare he? How dare Gabe? 
Something in my features must’ve changed because Oberon stumbled back. Clasping his hands together, a flaming sword appeared. 
I stepped back, caught off guard by the heat. It permeated the air, bringing with it a unique scent—like burning metal and flowers.  
“It’s time to end you,” he sneered. 
Professor Pops fought against the chayot, hollering for Oberon to stop. I sensed the Vampire Queen and her followers stepping into the action. 
The clang of metal against metal—sword against sword—rocked the ballroom. 
Shouting. 
The sounds of death. 
Cries of pain. 
The destruction needed to stop. 
Oberon lunged, his fiery sword raised above his head, a look of hatred twisting his face. I could swear I saw large black wings extending from his shoulder blades, the way they did from Gabe’s in my dream. 
With my newfound quickness I stepped inside Oberon’s space, so I was under the sword. With one hand I ripped the Seal of Gabriel from his neck and spun out of his space, ending up to the left of him. 
Oberon brought down the sword, the fire scorching some of the ruffles on my dress. The singed material released a horrible smell, like burning plastic. I grasped the red teardrop in my hand and whipped around so that we were face to face. 
“Where did you get this?” I asked, my heart pounding not in fear, but excitement. I held the Seal of Gabriel in my hand. I could save Christopher. 
But you have to give the pendant to the Vampire Queen to save him. Not the best idea, my inner voice quipped.  
Oberon pinched his lips together and raised one side in a sardonic smile. “I think you already know the answer.” 
My inner voice kept screaming Gabe, but my mind wouldn’t believe. “No, I don’t.” My lips trembled as the words spilled out. 
“Then let me make it clear, vampire.” Spittle spewed from his mouth as he spoke. I wiped off my cheek with the back of my hand. “The magic in that pendant only exists because of Gabriel.”
I knew that. I’d heard the stories. “I know.”
We circled each other. The sounds of fighting around us became nothing but background noise. It was as though Oberon and I were in a bubble. 
“Gabriel is my son,” he continued.
That I didn’t know, but if he were trying to imply that Gabe was the Gabriel who sealed the magic in the pendant, it wouldn’t work. What he didn’t know was that I’d tasted Gabe, and he was most definitely not a Hunter or any kind of vampire. “So?” I shrugged. There was much more I should’ve said, but he lunged at me again with his fiery sword. I moved at the last second. He missed me by millimeters. The heat burned my skin and I flinched at the stark pain. It evaporated seconds later. 
“You will lose. The vampire breed is dying. You’re nothing but an afterthought, and I am the first chayot, bringer of justice, supplier of righteousness, and harbinger of divinity.” As he spoke he pulled back his shoulders, an arrogant leer distorting his features. 
“You may be the first, but that doesn’t make you good, otherwise you wouldn’t be set on destroying me.” I dodged his sword again and continued, “I think you’re an old demon that craves power, and nothing more.” 
He howled and swung the sword. I spun out of the way, but this time he was prepared and grabbed me by the neck, squeezing my windpipe. 
Not good, my inner voice gasped. 
Oberon pulled me close. “You’re a gnat, made to be crushed.” He squeezed harder and my feet left the floor. With one hand I tried to pry his steel fingers from my neck. From the corner of my eye I saw his burning sword coming closer.
The pendant began to glow bright red, and it shot into Oberon. The chayot released his grasp as he flew back, knocking over several other chayot and vampires in the heat of battle. 
The sword vanished.
 Oberon was mine. 

Chapter 14

A fury blackened my veins. I once read that war was the world’s way of cleansing itself. At the time I thought the statement seemed brutal, without compassion. I was beginning to realize that was the point. With purpose I stalked the first chayot. He tried to stand, but the force of the blow from the pendant had him panting and clutching his chest. 
Imagine if you actually tried to use the power in the pendant, my inner voice cheered. 
Kneeling next to Oberon, I said, “Never again will your filthy paws touch me or someone I love.” I pressed the pendant into his chest.
 He gasped, his body shaking. Like old paper, his skin around the pendant flaked and fell away. 
“Don’t! Stop, Snow. Please don’t,” Gabe called. 
I paused, lifting the pendant, catching and holding Gabe’s sad stare. If I killed Oberon it would change the way Gabe treated me, the way he saw me: no longer an innocent bystander, but as a calculating killer. 
I couldn’t do that. No matter how much I wanted to destroy Oberon, I wouldn’t, because Gabe didn’t want me to. 
The fighting stopped. Vampire and chayot parted to let me pass. All around was silence. I focused on Gabe’s heartbeat, concentrated on the distinct thump-thump, thump-thump, thump-thump coming from his chest.
“Gabe.” I floated toward him, my feet hardly touching the ground. 
The chayot that held Gabe released him. He held out his arms, a slight smile lighting his gloomy face.
I moved faster, allowing myself a moment of hope.
The features on Gabe’s face changed. “No!” he shouted.
I sensed Oberon behind me, felt the heat of his sword. In a blinding flash, I faced him, his blade slicing my shoulder. Immense pain ripped through my body. 
From the hand that held the Seal of Gabriel shot a red flash of light. 
As I fell to the ground I grabbed my shoulder. 
Someone screamed. Cindy, maybe. 
The sound of many voices talking at once, like chirping doves, filled my ears. 
I tried to hold on, but the pain was excruciating. It seemed to pulse into every crevice, pounding out everything else.
The Seal of Gabriel embedded itself into my hand. 
Pieces of conversation filtered through the agony. 
… “He’s dead.”…
…“What will we do now?”…
…“You must lead us.”…
A loud laugh: The Vampire Queen. 
…“I knew she could do it.”…
…“Give me the necklace, Snow. Let go. It’s over. You’re safe.”…
Even if I wanted to let go, I couldn’t. The pendant seemed to be inside me, winding, twisting, filling me. Changing me. 
I was becoming the Seal of Gabriel. It stitched me up into something more, something scary. 
My eyes opened, and I blinked. 
The eyes I looked through weren’t my own. 
They were the eyes of the first vampire.
The eyes of Silindra.

Blood and Snow 7: Seal of Gabriel

Chapter 1

… “What did you tell the doctors and her dad happened at her birthday party?”
“I told them she fell.”
“Did they buy it? I mean, look at her. It’s like she’s sleeping, except for the red, glittery aura on her skin. That’s not something you see every day.” 
“No, Gabe, it isn’t. I think the red aura, as you put it, has something to do with the Seal of Gabriel. It’s changing her somehow. Kenmei has gone in search of answers.” 
“Her dad’s freaking out. I’ve never seen the dude so distraught.”
“It serves him right. He’s been an absentee parent for far too long… and Snow is fine.”
“She is not fine. She’s red and glowy. If she were fine she’d be awake, coherent, and tripping up the stairs. She’d still be the girl I fell in love with.”
“Oh, son, I’m sorry. I know this has been hard on you. But you must know she’ll never be the same. Neither will you, now that Oberon is dead.”
“Nothing’s changed, except my desire to find the Hunter. He never should’ve bitten her. If he hadn’t, none of this would’ve happened.”
“Snow’s been different since long before the night Christopher bit her.”



I, Silindra, Queen of the Vampires, do solemnly swear to do whatever it takes to win. That was my personal mantra. Of course, no one knew it but me. 
I’d been ruler of the vampires for over a thousand years. The position hadn’t remained in my power because of luck, or a convoluted idea. 
My sister Sharra, or Sabina, whichever name she went by now—she would always be Sharra to me—disagreed. She was wrong, though. I still ruled because of systematic planning, a shrewd knowledge of the citizens I governed, and the cunning to deal with other magical creatures in the world.
Like dragons.  
Dragons and vampires meshed well together, for the most part. While some of the human vampires craved dragon blood, the Originals, like me, had no stomach for the foul-smelling creatures. The oldest and most impressively magical dragon of them all was called Abernathy. 
I needed to speak to him. 
He was kind of a prickly old character but, once you got around his rough edges, he had the heart of a gentleman. 
His cave emanated mortality: a mixture of decaying flesh, bat guano, and seawater. Despite the thick darkness, I could make out the bones of the damned scattered on the dusty earth. Carefully I stepped over and around as many as possible, but they were everywhere, and occasionally my bare feet crushed one to powder. 
Noises bounced off the walls, adding to the bizarrely solemn rooms. Rats scurried, squeaking angrily. There was a repetitive drip-dripping of water falling from stalactites clinging to the ceiling. And a gentle, continuous rumbling reverberated from the sleeping dragon.
I bent to enter a low-ceilinged cavern, making sure to tuck my wings more closely to my back. A startled bat caught its feet in my sapphire blue hair before flying away. Though I knew I had nothing to fear, I jumped. 
Taking a deep breath, I crouched and continued. 
The closer I got, the warmer the air became. Perspiration trickled along my hairline and lower back, making my fur stick together. I wiped my forehead with the back of my hand. 
Along the fringes of my mind bubbled strange memories of another time, filled with humans and places I somehow knew but couldn’t place. The memories begged to be set free, but I didn’t have the time to entertain them. I needed to find a way to stop my twin sister, Sharra, before she destroyed everything I held dear. 
The rumbling, which sounded a lot like the purring of a giant cat, grew louder and louder. When I stepped into the dragon’s chamber I stood up, straightening my spine. 
The stunning golden dragon’s snoring stopped. His languid saffron eyes blinked open and he studied me the way a bird of prey would examine its meal. I cleared my throat, waiting for him to acknowledge me with a salutation, as was the custom. Though his head was more than double my size, I didn’t fear being eaten. Dragons didn’t like the taste of vampires, especially the ones not humanized, like me. On the other hand, Abernathy might enjoy Sharra’s fleshy, softened hide. Snorting in disgust, I rolled my shoulders back, allowing my wings to beat and expand. 
Abernathy was a remarkable looking creature. Our wings were similar, though his were a beautiful metallic shade of gold while mine were black. The way he held them draped over his back reminded me of a glorious cape. On either side of his face and under his chin was a mane of wavy hair. The top layers of his scales shone golden metallic. The scales underneath glistened in ambers and bright yellow. 
He yawned, exposing his razor sharp teeth, as he shook his head. “Hello, Silindra,” he said, his voice booming against my bones. “Nice to see you.”
I bowed slightly. “Greetings, Abernathy.” 
The dragon rose, his scales clicking against each other as he moved. With him on his feet I felt like an ant—small, insignificant, and easily crushed. 
He returned my bow. “It’s an honor. To what, or whom, do I owe this… pleasant interruption from my slumber?” He smacked his lips as though he considered my nutritional value. I stepped back.
“I need your help,” I said tentatively, raising my chin. I refused to let the overgrown flying lion intimidate me. 
“Of course you do,” he responded. He sat on his haunches and the earth beneath him shook in discomfort. “Tell me.” Abernathy blinked. 
I focused on his long black lashes. “My sister, Sharra, is ambitious for power. I fear if she succeeds in her plans, the world as we know it will be lost. Then only those she deems worthy will retain magic.” And I knew that meant her and no one else, at least not to that extent. I paused, unable to meet his gaze, and took a secret breath. 
A big part of me hadn’t wanted to come. Doing so meant I was betraying Sharra. That wasn’t my intention. I loved my sister. Sharra and I were the best of friends for more than a thousand years, until she discovered humans and their uses. Until she realized she could change them into a new variety of vampire and force them to do her bidding. 
Until she decided she should rule instead of me, I thought remorsefully, and shoved those feelings away. 
To Abernathy, I continued, “We may drive her back for a time, but she’ll return. She’s strong willed, and so determined.” I swallowed. “I…We need a way to protect a portion of Earth’s magic so it can’t be muddled to suit Sharra’s lust for power.”
“I see.” Abernathy’s tail whipped and curled around his feet. I got the feeling he really didn’t see, but wanted to mollify me. “You realize, dear vampire, life is evolution whether you want to believe it or not.” He drummed his clawed paws on the ground, sending wisps of dirt into the air. “Had a tadpole not longed to roam on land, it never would have become a frog.”
I nodded. It was the same argument Sharra used, but that didn’t make it right. 
“Why do you want to stop what so naturally is?” Abernathy continued. “Unless you’re worried creatures of magic will agree with her instead of you.” He gave me a knowing glance, and I cringed. 
Clearing my throat, I steeled myself and tried to glare. The idea of losing one’s magic made no sense. Why would someone willingly give up such a gift? Choose to mate with lesser creatures? Weakening their power. There was no rhyme or rationale behind the logic. Flapping my wings in frustration, I said, “The unicorns believed as Sharra does, and they are all but extinct, each generation diluted until the youngest no longer grow a horn and can’t communicate with other creatures of magic. It’s a disgrace! They are called horses and they do the humans’ dirty work.” My words came out ragged, but that was the truth. It was despicable what happened in the name of evolution.  
“Perhaps,” Abernathy said thoughtfully. 
I fisted my hands, the muscles under my brown fur straining from the pressure. Would he refuse me?



“What’s the matter with her? It looks like she has a disease—that odd shade of her skin. And she hasn’t moved in weeks.”
“I wish I knew. Snow Angel, come back, honey. Daddy’s here.”
“Let’s fly to Italy for Christmas, it’ll do you some good to relax.”
“You can do what you want, but I’m her father. I’m not going anywhere, in case she wakes up.”
“You heard the doctors, there’s nothing wrong with her.”
“Then get the hell out, Viv. Go! Do what you want. I won’t leave my daughter alone again.”
“How dare you talk to me like that!”
“No, how dare you! For the past ten years I’ve chosen you over her. Never again.” …


Chapter 2

Abernathy exhaled, sending smoke through his nostrils, and I took another step back. “If you wish to save Earth’s magic, there is much you must do. While I do not agree the horse is less of a creature than the unicorn, I do think there is merit to what you request. Saving magic will benefit all creatures.” 
I felt my shoulders relax. My wings vibrated in response. It didn’t matter if he agreed with my beliefs or not, only that he told me what I needed to do to protect the world’s magic from dying out completely. “You’ll help, then?” 
“Yes, Silindra, Queen of the Vampires. I’ll give you what you desire, but remember all choices come with a price.”
“Thank you,” I breathed, feeling a little giggly and wondering where the emotion came from. Usually I was exceptional under pressure. 
Abernathy tossed his head back. “Hhhmmmmm. Aaarrgggghhhh. Hhhmmmmm. Aaarrgggghhhh.” The noise trembled deep within the dragon’s body. He pranced from one foot to the other, as though dancing. Then he rose up on his hind legs and let out a roar, breathing fire. Flames licked the high ceiling of the cavern. Bats died instantly, falling like black rain all around us. I fell back, pinching my wings against the floor and the rocky wall. And waited.
After several minutes he stopped, turning his ferocious face my direction. An angry pain burned in his eyes. He opened his mouth and I had a momentary flash of fear that he would send his fiery breath my way. 
Instead something small rolled off his tongue and landed on the dusty floor beneath him. “Take that,” he said, returning to his sitting position, looking as though he’d done nothing bizarre.
I hesitated. “What is it?” A hairball, I thought. Nasty. 
“Go on, it won’t bite.” 
Yeah, but it might be oozing saliva and other disgusting dragon… stuff, I thought, standing over it.
Abernathy chuckled, his eyes twinkling merriment. “Go on,” he prodded.
Cautious, I picked it up. It was warm and, thankfully, slobber free. It looked like a topaz gem, shaped like a teardrop. A grey-black substance swirled within. Holding it between my thumb and first finger I peered at it more closely.
“What is it?” I asked, hearing the wonderment in my voice.
“That, dear Silindra, is a piece of my soul.”
I gasped and almost dropped it. “Why?” To give away a piece of one’s soul was a travesty. 
“In order to save magic you must combine my soul with six other magical elements,” Abernathy answered.
A vibration began within my body, and I knew he spoke the truth. “And they are?” I asked, pressing the gem into the palm of one hand.  
“The horn of a unicorn, the strength of a troll, the heart of a fairy, the essence of a vampire, and the blood of a Hunter—but not any Hunter. When the time comes, you’ll understand what I mean.”
I nodded. 
A shriek came from the nethermost part of my mind. I sucked in a breath, surprised. I hadn’t made the noise, but who had? Shaking my head, I tried to rid myself of the clutter. After a thousand years of living I thought I’d experienced everything, but there was something new happening inside. 
Abernathy spoke. “Do not fight what is meant to be. You have a young vampire within. She will be the one to restore the magical balance to the Earth when the time comes.” Without waiting for my response, he lay down, curling his back toward me. Within seconds he was snoring again. 
With the gem firmly in my grasp, I retreated from the cave. A part of me worried about keeping the dragon’s soul safe. In the wrong hands it would destroy lives. With the elements combined, whoever wore the gem would possess more power than all others combined, including the dragons. 
Excitement shot through my heart. 
I would be the most powerful creature in the world.



… “Pops, I noticed Kenmei is back. What did he find out? Does he know why the Seal of Gabriel disappeared? Why she’s red?”
“He discovered little more than we already knew. Abernathy believes the magic within the gem is binding with Snow. The dragon said if that’s the case she’ll be unstoppable, a force more powerful than any of us has ever seen.”
“Including the Vampire Queen?”
“Yes.”
“Holy crap. Let’s wake her up then.”
“Try a kiss, numb nuts. It works in fairy tales.” 
“Back off, Salvatore. I’ll do it.”
“Dorian, I swear to St. Valentine, if your lips go anywhere near hers, I’ll kick your ass.”
“You’re such a baby, Gabe.” …

Chapter 3

I exited the dragon’s cave and was met by Ryden, my most trusted friend. The pixilette had transparent wings and hair the color of daisies. Gabriel, one of Sharra’s Hunters and my secret lover, was also there. 
I sucked in my breath at the sight of him. “Gabriel,” my insides sang. It still shocked me that I had any kind of physical reaction to him. He wore his long black hair in a braid. Several strands had fallen out and framed his chiseled face. His eyes were emerald green and seemed to overflow with serenity and goodness. He wasn’t tall, about my height, and muscled. He wore black pants, fur-covered boots, and a matching black shirt without sleeves. On his back two swords crisscrossed. His sensuous lips were puckered with worry. 
Gabriel was a vampire, but didn’t look anything like me. No wings and no fur—only our faces were similar in shape and color. Gabriel was a human first, before my sister turned him. She used her magic and her blood to make it happen. Although I was more than offended by what she’d done to him, I couldn’t help the strong feelings—the desire—I felt for this Hunter. My feelings went against everything I stood for, but I couldn’t deny them.
Flying off Gabriel’s shoulder, Ryden asked, “Did you find Abernathy? What did he say?” She spoke in a high, barely audible voice as she flitted around my head. 
I held out my hand, exposing the amber stone. 
“Oh,” she gasped, clutching her hands to her chest. Her wings beat rapidly as she landed on my palm, timidly touching the stone. “It’s beautiful,” she breathed. 
“It’s our future,” I said.
“What did he say? What do we do with it?” She placed her hands on her hips. 
Forcing down a smile I said, “First, we need to find the elf known as Devoran.”
Gabriel placed a hand on my shoulder, his eyes questioning. 
I covered his hand with mine and pulled it to my chest. “The dragon is sending us on a quest.” The word, us, filled me with contentment. We were a team, Gabriel, Ryden, and I. 
“A quest? What are we searching for, my love?” Gabriel brushed his hands through my wild, unkempt hair. I caught hold of his waist, pulling him close, ignoring the frustrated breathing coming from Ryden. Gabriel and I embraced and he kissed me, his warm lips caressing mine. At his touch my body snapped to attention, every part of me quivering like putty in his hands. 
Ryden and I talked on more than one occasion about my passions for the human-looking vampire. I knew it was wrong, that I shouldn’t be seen cavorting with a watered down vampire, especially one that served Sharra. But whenever he was near my body would melt. 
Every strict word I told myself, each promise I made to Ryden was forgotten, flitting from my head like a petulant bird. I craved his nearness. Even now, knowing we needed to complete the most important task of my long life, I couldn’t stop myself from kissing him, touching him, wanting him. 
“Gabriel,” I whispered.
He responded by deepening his kiss and I felt it in my knees, down to the tips of my toes.
“Shiny sheep poo, would you two break it up?”
I smiled against Gabriel’s lips. Ryden had quite the sense of humor. 
“Fine,” I said softly, but my gaze never left Gabriel’s. “Climb on, Ryden. You don’t want to get left behind.”
She flew to my shoulder. “You’re disgusting,” she murmured into my ear, but I noted the hint of sympathy in her voice. The little pixilette understood.  
“Shall we go your way or mine?” I asked Gabriel, my wings beating behind my back. 
“My way, if you please,” Gabriel said.
I sighed. “Oh, alright.” I knew he didn’t like to fly. 
“Where to?” he asked, wrapping his arms around my middle.
“The Isle of Rhue.” 
He lifted me into his arms with ease. I marveled at his strength. I wasn’t the lightest of creatures. 



… “Snow, it’s me, Cindy. I don’t have a lot of time. Your boyfriend thinks witches had something to do with what happened to you, but it isn’t true.”
“Are you ready to complete the spell, my child?”
“Yes, Grandmother.”
“Good. Then begin.”
“Don’t worry, Snow. This isn’t going to hurt. Essaya. Guinevia. Essaya cayana soyoble.”
“See, my dear, the spell is working. She’s fine. We just need to help the idiot chayot keep her safe until she wakes.”
“Thank you, Grandmother.” …

Chapter 4

The Isle of Rhue, in the Mediterranean Sea, featured an inlet cloaked by enchantments. Only those who possessed magic could find it, and even then it was difficult. The elves weren’t social creatures, and the elven leader was no exception. In fact, he was more ornery than Abernathy. A rock had more personality. I’d spoken to him all of ten times in the last thousand years. Each conversation had been at the United Council meeting held once a century. Needless to say, I was not looking forward to this encounter.  
We arrived quickly. Gabriel halted at the edge of Keening Forest. It was known for its giant pine trees and the hostile phantoms that lurked within. 
Gabriel released me. Dried grass crunched underfoot. “Come on,” I said, ready to get this over with. 
“I don’t know,” Ryden said, her high voice quivering. “Are you sure this is necessary? I mean, can’t you command Devoran to come to you?” 
“I could, but he wouldn’t come. We have to do this.” I stepped over a pinecone the size of Gabriel’s head. “Stay on my shoulder,” I told Ryden lightly. If a pinecone fell on her once we entered the forest, she’d be squished. 
“Agreed. Everything is so big. I could live in one of those pinecones.” To prove her point a hairy spider as big as my fist crawled out of one. “Holy monster, I’m hiding in your hair,” she said with a shudder. The spider would make her into an appetizer if it caught the pixilette. 
“I’ll get rid of him,” Gabriel said, shooing the spider in the opposite direction with the tip of his boot. There wasn’t much growing under the canopy of trees, just a lot of dirt, pine needles, cones, and the occasional fern. It made sense, though. The sun was all but blocked from view. Shadows danced within the stilted silence. In the distance I could hear the waves crashing, and something else… 
“The cries of the dead,” Ryden whispered, pressing her little body against my neck.  
“Let’s go,” Gabriel said, taking the lead, but immediately stopped. 
A group of six elven guards approached, swords drawn, and blocked us from going further. 
“Put those away, my friends,” I said, but heard the edge in my voice. “My name is Silindra, Queen of the Vampires. I’m here to see Devoran. Take me to him at once.”
One guard came forward. “Apologies, my lady. I didn’t recognize you.” He gave a slight bow.
I regarded him deliberately. He and the others tried not to gawk. It was understandable. I was a grand creature, but I was also a vanishing breed. Most of the original vampires were gone or had done like my sister, Sharra, and pilfered a new body. A human body. Though I felt my form aging, I would not lower myself as Sharra and the others had. Humans couldn’t fly! I would die before giving up my wings.
  “It’s alright.” I stepped forward.
The elves were slight creatures, their frames tall and thin like the branches on a willow tree, skin and hair the color of silver dust, and eyes as deep blue as the sea. They were dressed in tunics, two in black, two in green, and two in blue. 
I never did understand the need for clothing. Clothes were binding, uncomfortable. The humans wore them, as did many others. I couldn’t be bothered. I had my fur.  
A squeal resonated through my mind. 
She’s excited, I thought, and then caught myself. Who was this she? Maybe my mind was going. Shaking my head, I cleared my throat.
“I am Veb,” one of the guards in black said. He came forward as he spoke, placing a fisted hand to his chest. 
“Good to know you, Veb. Now, if you please, I’m in a hurry.” I waved my hand toward the dark forest, motioning for him to lead us in. I didn’t want to be impolite, but he seemed leery of us, especially Gabriel. I didn’t have the time for his internal debate. 
Veb shuffled his feet, a frown on his feminine face. “Silindra, I can take you and the pixilette to Crystal City, but I have strict instructions that I must never, under any circumstances, allow one of his kind in.” He bowed low, but kept his steely gaze fixed on Gabriel. “Again, apologies.”
My insides burned with anger. “Listen, Veb. I don’t care what you were told. This Hunter is with me, and I am the Queen—”
Gabriel placed a hand on my shoulder and spoke in my ear. “Can I have a minute?”
“Excuse us,” I said and stomped away, following Gabriel. When we were a ways off, I said, “Gabriel, if you think I’m going to cow to these elves, you can think again.”
Gabriel smiled. “The thought never crossed my mind.” He discreetly kissed my cheek. “Your sister has called me to her side. I’m sorry, but I must go. We can’t let her know we are together.”
A sickness formed in my stomach. I didn’t want him to leave. Having him near brought me contentment. But I knew he was right. “Go,” I said, and turned away.
“It’s better this way. We don’t want word to get back to Sharra that the two of you were on the Isle of Rhue together. That would raise too many questions.” 
Ryden was right, of course. I just didn’t like that the elves questioned my authority. 
When I turned back, the guards were all smiles. 
“Follow us.” 
Two guards walked ahead and two brought up the rear. The other two disappeared into the trees. As we walked I couldn’t help but wonder about the arbitrary groaning, like a sigh of relief and a cry of agony combined. The noises seemed to be coming from the trees, but when I looked I didn’t see anything. 
“Are the stories about the phantoms real?” I asked, curious.
“Yes they are,” Veb said. 
I waited for him to continue, to give me a more thorough explanation, but he didn’t. If we were at the castle he would’ve been flogged for his insubordination, or drank dry. No, definitely flogged. The idea of drinking elven blood was off putting. Their blood tasted like moldy tree sap.
Ugh, I thought with a shudder. 
A voice inside my head shuddered as well.   
Grounding my teeth in frustration, I asked, “Can the phantoms do any harm?”
He glanced back and said, “To the body, no. But the mind…” He let his words trail off. “They are excellent at getting inside here.” He pointed at his head. “They spin tales you can’t help but believe, until it’s too late.”
“What do you mean?” I asked. We were walking, and the more I knew the better. Though I knew the phantoms couldn’t bother me, I whispered to Ryden, “Plug your ears.”
“On it.”
Veb said, “Three full moons ago a couple of humans stumbled into the forest by accident. They owned a measure of magic, though they didn’t know it, but it was enough that the trees within our forest opened to them. Within moments of entering their minds were altered. The phantoms twisted their thoughts and made them believe they were on a boat, stranded at sea. For days they rowed, until the female died.”
“Why didn’t you meet them as they entered, the way you did with us?” Had they wanted the humans to suffer? Some of the magical creatures believed humans to be less than the animals. 
“They had magic, but it wasn’t enough to alert us. The magic you and the others possess is much stronger, so we keep the phantoms at bay. We sensed you way before you crossed into our domain.”
I huffed internally. If what they said was true, then Ryden should be okay. Still, I hoped she kept her ears plugged. Pushing down a retort, I asked, “What happened to the man? Did he escape?”
“We found the male about to expire, and asked what his business within the forest was. He said he didn’t know. Asked me if I was an angel come to take him to Heaven. 
“‘No,’ I replied.
“‘Then how do you walk on the water?’ he asked with weary shock.
“‘There is no water. Is that what you see?’
“‘Yes. It’s very deep. Sirens circle the boat, whispering that I should jump, telling me to join them at the bottom of the sea. But I can’t. My wife, I can’t leave her.’
“We calmed him and took him to the Healers, but he died anyway.” Veb shrugged.
The story saddened me. It could have been Gabriel who stumbled into the forest, before he became a vampire.
“There are other stories if you’d like to hear them,” Veb continued.
“No thank you. Perhaps silence is better.” I searched the forest for any sign of a phantom. The only movement was an occasional falling pinecone. “Can’t we go any faster?” I asked, frustrated the elves couldn’t fly or move at incredible speeds the way vampires could. 

Chapter 5

“Almost there,” Veb said, stepping off the worn dirt path. He and his fellow guard wound us through ferns toward what I thought was an arbitrary tree. Its trunk was wider than I was tall. Veb touched the tree lightly and whispered something. I watched, curious. The bark on the tree folded in on itself, revealing an entrance. 
Ryden and I inhaled simultaneously. 
“Right this way.” Veb presented the opening to us, his hand beckoning. I hesitated, but could sense no danger. The other guard wearing black entered the tree trunk. A large orb of light seemed to swallow him, and he disappeared. 
I’d heard elves travelled on light. Since I never spent any time, other than occasionally at the Council Meeting, with elves, I doubted the whisperings were true. Now I could see it was a fact. 
“Please, this passage will take us directly to Crystal City.” 
 Not wanting the elves to know I was nervous, I moved to the opening. “Is there anything I need to do? I’m not an elf,” I said, glaring and making myself appear confident. 
“Travelling by light will not harm you, Silindra.”
I nodded, hoping they didn’t hear me gulp. 
“Might as well get it over with,” Ryden whispered. 
I stepped into the tree’s trunk. Several things happened at once. A whoosh sounded in my ears, as though I were travelling at an extremely rapid rate. There was a pulling. The scent of daffodils filled my nose, and a tingling sensation started at the tip of my head, ran down my back, out along my wings and through my toes and fingers. I became the light: pulsing, vibrating, throbbing. 
Time and space seemed to stand still and rush by in one blinding flash. Images of a human girl with dark hair and bright blue eyes raced along my mind. She was bitten by a Hunter, drank the blood of humans, became numb with pain, and then she was…
I screamed.  
The light was gone and I was at the top of a grassy hill, looking down on the most glorious sight I’d ever seen.
“Welcome to Crystal City, Silindra.” 
My insides raged with fear, but I forced the feeling away. I didn’t understand the images, the girl in my mind. 
Somewhere in the city was Devoran, the ruler of the elves. I needed to ask him for his eternal sight. 
“Let’s go,” I growled, rushing down the hill.
“Did you feel that? It was like I was torn apart and put back together again at the same time. Are you alright?” Ryden asked timidly. 
I grunted my answer. She’d described what I’d felt exactly, but I doubted she saw any human girls in her mind.  
“The city looks like the end of a rainbow,” Ryden added.
I nodded, expanding my wings, making sure they were still in one piece. When I was satisfied they were, I relaxed a little.
“Keep your wits about you, Ryden, my friend.” I whispered.
“I will.”
Opulent grass gave way to crystal-paved streets and buildings. They ranged in color from light red to sunny yellow, sapphire blue to the palest purple. The structures correlated with the roads. Sunny yellow streets contained businesses, homes, and gardens swathed in yellow. The purple streets correlated with purple buildings, blue with blue, green with green, and so on. Elves were everywhere, busily bustling about their lives. After several minutes I realized the elves wore clothing associated with street colors. Where all of the colors appeared overwhelming at first, their meaning quickly became clear. 
It was a pecking order. 
Fascinating, I thought, but kept my mouth shut. 
Elves gawked excitedly. Some of the young ones followed, giggling behind their hands, until we reached the end of their street. Then they would abruptly stop, as though crossing into another color would produce severe consequences. 
The closer we got to the middle of the city the more exquisite the buildings, the roads, and the clothing. Everything in the center glistened like diamonds—clear and faceted. The elves’ clothing was blinding white. They adorned themselves in luxurious furs, jewels, and fancy hats. None of the elves on these streets seemed excited to see me. In fact they looked down their long, skinny noses at me. 
A rumble grew in my throat. 
Ryden patted my neck. “Don’t mind them. Their haughtiness will be their downfall.”
I calmed down, swallowing my desire to tear into them with my fangs so I could get their snooty blue blood all over their pretty white clothes. 
At the thought, I laughed. 
Veb scowled, wariness pressed into his thin lips, and I closed my mouth. He held open a door, and I walked through. 
The decorations inside the building were scarce, like everything had been swallowed by light. Resisting the urge to raise my hand and block the blinding brightness, I followed Veb up a circular corridor. 



… “Where are you off to, Gabe?”
“Several of the Chosen are dead. Holden thinks those responsible are renegade chayot working with other magical creatures, including the Hunter, Christopher, and even the witches. Holden wants me to take my father’s place as leader. I’m going to destroy Christopher—make him pay for what he’s done to Snow. Besides, there’s nothing I can do here.”
“Oh, son. I know it’s hard, but we’ve got to—”
“Don’t bother. I’ve got work to do.” 
“What about Snow? Did you want to say good-bye?”
“I’ve already said my good-byes. Now I’ll avenge her.” 
“Why are you treating her like she’s dead? Her heart still beats. Her chest still rises and falls.”
“Don’t wait up.” … 

Chapter 6

The sound of roaring water came from somewhere within the building and grew louder the higher we went. When the guards, Ryden, and I reached the top, I understood the noise. A large waterfall raged, causing mist to churn and swirl. It clung to my fur and slicked off my wings. A chill saturated the air. 
Directly in front of us was a rounded landing dangling by six silver cords. Veb climbed on and beckoned me to follow. I stifled a sigh, knowing if the bottom fell out from under me I could use my wings to escape. Still, I held the slick crystal rail encircling the landing, hoping to steady my nerves. 
Slowly, like molting lava, the landing moved, pulling us closer and closer to the waterfall. When it looked like the raging water would soak us, a circular piece of ceiling, just larger than the landing, appeared, diverting the water around us. 
At once we were swallowed in darkness. I was thankful my eyes easily adjusted to the dark, but I knew Ryden wasn’t as lucky. Her tiny fingers clung tighter to my neck. 
“So dark. It’s like we’ve been buried,” she whispered. 
After several moments in the dark, I wanted to say something to alleviate Ryden’s fears. 
Veb must’ve sensed my uncertainty. “We will arrive innnnnn—”
The landing clanged softy, and the water parted like a curtain.
“Now.”
We stepped into a wonderland. I was too shocked to say anything. Clear blue sky shone so perfectly, I wondered if it was real. Trees bearing the most beautiful, luscious-looking fruit in different colors abounded. Their fragrance had my mouth watering. Surprised, I took a step toward the nearest tree, clasping a lime colored fruit in my fingers. Its texture was soft and smelled like blood, my favorite blood. That of my Hunter—Gabriel. 
How was that possible?
Overwhelmed, my eyes tore through the sumptuous garden, searching for an answer. Birds sang from dense branches, their feathers all the shades of the rainbow, their tails nearly touching the ground. Animals great and small—the unicorn and the gremlin, the lion and the lamb, the eagle and the mouse—frolicked together.
“Where are we?” I asked, unable to help myself.
“This is my home.” 
I swung in the direction of his voice. Devoran walked toward me, his hands spread out on either side of him in welcome. He wore a crisp white shirt with embroidered white buttons and matching white pants. White silk slippers adorned his feet. His long silver hair was pulled back and secured with long pointy sticks in a bun. He appeared relaxed, his features kind. He smiled. His almond-shaped eyes, the color of a cloudy sky, crinkled in mirth. 
“Devoran?” I said, but didn’t move. My eyes told me that was who walked toward me, but my mind struggled to believe. 
“Welcome, Silindra. I’ve been expecting you.” 
I remained immobile. Everything about the way Devoran acted went against all I’d known of him over the last millennium. That concerned me. Why was he different? Was this a trick? Had the phantoms caught hold of my mind, and this was all a hallucination? 
It couldn’t be, I thought, discreetly pinching myself. The air smelled so intoxicating I almost decided I didn’t care. With a shrug, I plucked a fruit from the tree and sank my teeth into it before I changed my mind. The fleshy fruit tasted exactly like Gabriel’s blood. 
“What is this?” I asked, too startled to follow decorum. 
“Amonie fruit. Do you like it?”
“It tastes like blood,” I admitted in awe. 
Devoran nodded. “That’s the beauty of the fruit.”
Two crystal chairs and a table appeared in front of the elven leader. He slipped into one of the chairs. A silver decanter materialized along with twin silver goblets, and a miniature—for Ryden, I guessed.
“Won’t you have a seat? Take some refreshment.” He indicated the pitcher with his pointy chin.
“I’m so thirsty. Do you think there’s watermelon juice in that container?” Ryden asked.
I wondered what was in there too. All I could smell was Gabriel’s delicious blood. 
“Devoran, you know I only drink blood. Is that what you’re offering?” 
His smile widened. “But, of course, dear Silindra. What kind of host would I be otherwise?”
Ryden sighed.
“Can we get some watermelon juice for the pixelette, Ryden?” I asked, sitting hesitantly in the chair opposite him.
“The decanter pours whatever it is you wish to drink, so if dear Ryden wants watermelon juice, that’s what she’ll receive.”
Ryden squealed with glee and flew from her hiding place toward the tiny glass. Devoran picked up the decanter and poured her a drink. The pixilette took a small sip, and then several more. Clapping excitedly, she flew into the air, spinning like a magical top. When she stopped, she laughed. “It is watermelon juice.”
I stifled a smile.
“Would you like a drink, Silindra?”
Curious, I agreed, setting the piece of fruit on the table. It vanished immediately. 
He poured, and I watched a thick, red liquid flow into my glass. When it was filled I picked it up, startled by the strong scent of blood. Pressing my lips to the glass, I tasted. It was blood. More specifically, Gabriel’s blood. I felt my eyes widen. “How is this possible?” I wanted to set the glass down, but I couldn’t. With only a little decorum I chugged down the remaining contents.
“It’s part of the magic of my home.” He gave a slight chuckle and I nearly fell off my chair. Devoran never smiled, let alone lifted his lips out of a grim line. 
“Who are you?” I finally said, standing.
“Silindra, it is me. I know I usually seem… melancholy. But you are in my home, in my garden, my most favorite place in all the world.” He smiled and I noticed the tiny wrinkles feathering near his eyes. “Can I show you around?” he asked, rising. 
I nodded, feeling out-of-sorts.
“Good.” He turned to Veb. “You are excused,” he barked. 
Veb bowed and left. 
Once the water curtain resettled itself, Devoran said, “I know why you’ve come.”



… “Happy Halloween, Snow. I know you hate girlie stuff, so I only put a little bit of clear gloss on your lips, added just a few sparkles to your eyelids, and put a red stripe in your hair. The nurses are going to flip about that.
“I’m dressed up like a cheerleader. We had to wear a costume for work. I bought you one just like mine. We’ll save it for next year, even though you know I hate wearing the same thing twice. It’s okay though. I think, under the circumstances, the Vogue Gods will understand. Just please wake up. I’m lonely without you. Sure, I have other friends, but you’re the only one who knows what I am.
“And your dad, he’s taken to drinking. Your stepmother left him… Okay, that’s a big-time bonus, but not his drinking. Professor Pops isn’t sure what to do about him.
“Gatsby is so desolate. I tried to sneak him into your hospital room, but the nurses found out and made me take him away. He’s with Professor Pops because your dad kept forgetting to feed him.
“Don’t even get me started on the guys. Holy-Halloween-in-a-handbasket. They are miserable, except Gabe. He’s always out being Mr. Big-Shot leader. I think he forgot he’s only eighteen. Yeah, he had his birthday. None of us celebrated though.” …


Chapter 7

I wasn’t surprised Devoran knew what I wanted—he was always astute at Council meetings—but I doubted he understood the full reason. The elves had been around almost as long as the vampires and the secretive chayot, but we still had a few decades on them. 
Getting right to the point, I said, “I went to see Abernathy. If we are to save Earth’s magic, I must have a specific property from each of the great magical races.”
He nodded solemnly. “And what did Abernathy give you?”
I glanced at Devoran. It was a worthy question. “A piece of his soul.” I showed Devoran the amber teardrop. 
His eyes widened. “Unbelieveable.” 
We walked in silence for a time. I kept the gem in my palm, focusing on its warmth. 
“Abernathy and I have never agreed on much. He is more whimsical with his decisions, while I tend to think things through so I can plan for different variables.” He walked beside me, his long fingers clasped behind his back. It still surprised me to see him so relaxed. 
As with Abernathy, I wondered if Devoran would help or if I would need to find another way.  
“My calculations determine you are here to ask for the eternal sight of an elf, correct?” He raised one highly arched eyebrow in my direction.
“That’s right,” I answered between clenched teeth.
“We can discuss it.” Pointing at a small black unicorn, he changed the subject. “I call the little unicorn Envy. See the lustrous shine of her coat? The perfect length of her mane? Her violet eyes? Her brothers and sisters hate her for her beauty. More than that, they hate her for her magic. They were awful to her, refused to play or show her any kind of affection. Her mother and father possessed very little magic and they despised her as well. She was considered the runt. One night her family gave her a sleeping potion, then they proceeded to break her legs and tear off her horn. They abandoned her at the edge of our forest. I believe they hoped the phantoms would destroy her. But her magic is very strong.”
I gasped. That was beyond awful.
“I sensed her and brought her here. When she woke she healed herself, and now she’s happy and healthy.” The unicorn, sensing Devoran was speaking about her, shook her mane and pranced over to him, pushing her nose against his hand. He smiled, petting her between the eyes, below the small nub where her horn was regrowing. “She is loyal to me to a fault.” Devoran playfully shoved Envy away. “That loyalty could be the death of her.”
I shivered at his words, though I understood what he meant. It didn’t matter if Devoran’s desires were good or evil because she was loyal to him; she would do whatever he commanded. That’s how the vampires loyal to Sharra were. 
Beyond Envy’s extraordinary beauty, she seemed kind. As I watched, the unicorn nudged a baby hedgehog over to a patch of clover and kept him company while he ate. 
I realized suddenly that Devoran was stalling, pushing my mind in different directions. I recognized that was his way of deliberating what I wanted.
After a time he said, “I will give you what you desire, but you must agree to something first.” He stopped. Several of the creatures raced over to him. He gave each of them some individual attention. 
“What is it?” I asked, finally. If this was the only way to get the eternal sight, I would do it.
“To give you the sight, I must give, give it to you. And in order to receive it, you must experience the pain and power that comes from such an incredible gift.”  
“Of course,” I said, bracing myself. I had no idea what he meant, but I was surprised to realize I felt no tension. In fact, I didn’t really feel much of anything except tired. 
“Come, let me direct you to your room. You need some rest.”
He picked up the pace, and I worked hard to follow. My legs felt like rubber. 
“Excellent.”


  
… “Her birthday’s coming up. I can’t believe it’s almost been a year. It’s a good thing her dad agreed to bring her home. I think the doctors wanted to run tests, treat her like a lab rat.”
“I believe they would be shocked at what they discovered. They are already curious about why her body isn’t breaking down.”
“She looks the same as she did a year ago. Only her hair is longer.”
“Vampires age at an abundantly slower rate than humans, son.”
“Right.”
“Gabe, come on. Don’t be like this. Talk to me. Tell me how everything’s going. Did I hear the rumors right? You captured the Hunter, Christopher.”
“We had him, but he escaped. Next time we catch him, I’ll kill him.” …

Chapter 8

I didn’t sleep. The Originals, those like me, had no need. Sleeping was for lesser creatures. Humans. Okay, yes, dragons slept, but that was because they were lazy, not because they needed to rejuvenate. And my sister Sharra, with her siphoned human body, needed sleep as well. 
Not me, though.  
So when I opened my eyes it surprised me that I had, in fact, gone to sleep. My body hummed with invigoration. It also dazed me to realize I saw the world differently.
Was it the elves’ eternal sight? I wondered. 
I threw off the cozy covers and shook out my wings, allowing the circulation to reach every tendon and vein. They felt good. I felt good. 
I didn’t remember entering this room, lying down, or closing my eyes, but there I was. The room consisted of four crystalized walls. Five small rectangle windows ran the length of the wall to the left of the large bed I’d slept in. Nothing covered the windows and I saw the beautiful gardens outside. A large bumble bee flew in, lazily making its way across the room to the wall on the right of my bed. It bumped into the door several times.
“Oh, you poor thing.” I went over and cupped the bee between my hands, took it over to a window, and released it. The garden’s aroma filled my nose. It still smelled like Gabriel’s blood, and my knees went weak.
Directly south of the bed was an opening. I peeked inside, happy to see it was the relieving room. I went in and took care of my necessities. When I returned to the bedroom I noticed a mirror hanging on the wall next to the bed. It hadn’t been there a moment ago.
“Where did you come from?” It was large and oval, framed in what looked like finely spun spider silk or icicles. Normally I wouldn’t bother with it. Mirrors were of no value to me. But for some reason I was drawn to this one. 
As soon as I peered into the strange glass, I understood. The reflection wasn’t of me, but of a girl. A human.
My mouth fell open. Tugging in a deep breath, I turned from side to side, watching the girl in the mirror imitate me. I closed my eyes, sure I was seeing things,  but when I opened them she was still there, staring back. Her eyes as wide as mine.  
“Mirror. Mirror. Made for me. Whose reflection do I see?” 
“Snow White,” the girl responded, her voice soft.
I stepped back, using my wings to move me more quickly. It bothered me I’d heard the reflection speak. Tentatively I went back. She was still there. 
Slowly I moved my finger toward the glass, curious to see if it was solid. Her creamy, hairless finger moved in time with mine, as though she didn’t want to but didn’t have a choice. When our fingers met, she gasped. 
“Silindra,” she said.
“How do you know who I am?” I was shocked. I’d never seen this human before. In fact, I refused to entertain humans. I had nothing against them, but their existance meant little to me. Except Gabriel, I thought, but I pushed that line of thinking away. Sharra altered him. His body looked human, but he was no more human than I was. 
The girl called Snow White leaned toward me. “I’ve heard stories about you.” She leaned back. “Your sister, Sharra, had a Hunter change me. I’m a vampire now.” Her words sounded sad, and I felt momentarily bad for her. I knew Gabriel had similar feelings.
Was this reflection sent to me by Sharra? I knew her magic was strong. Had she created this mirror as a way of luring me? A pang shot through my chest. I didn’t have a heart; nothing but a strong desire for blood beat in my chest. But if I had a human body, like Gabriel… 
We could mate, I thought, and immediately rejected it. 
I was a vampire. The vampire. I would not be swayed by a pretty girl or the lust for a human vampire. 
Bringing my fist to the mirror, I shattered it. 
Snow squealed. Strange—I heard it in my head, not from the mirror. 
Pieces of glass fell like sharp rain to the floor. A few shards hit my skin and bounced off, my body unharmed.  
I turned away, heading toward the door. I needed to find Devoran. Perhaps he was responsible. 
Tinkling glass sounded behind me. I watched the last pieces of the mirror reassemble as it stitched itself back together. With a growl, I pulled open the door. 
“Devoran!” I shouted, surprised that I stepped out into the garden. Grass, soft like feathers, brushed against my bare feet. The unicorn Envy flicked her ears and looked at me. “Have you seen Devoran?” I asked. 
She nickered and came over, her head bent low in the sign of subjection and respect. When she stood in front of me I touched her head, directly above the place where her horn grew. 
“Rise, dear one.” I spoke softly, remembering the cruelty she endured. 
“Devoran left Crystal City earlier today. I’m so sorry, apologetic, remorseful.” She bowed, putting one hoofed leg behind the other. I noticed the leg she stood on trembled. 
A wave of sympathy for her filled my veins. “Please, Envy. You don’t need to bow to me. Rise. I insist.”
She did as I commanded. 
“When will he be back?” I asked.
“I do not know. It seems there is trouble between the trolls and the elves near Ellavera Pass. He’s gone to make peace, return their harmony, rebuild an accord.”
I knew the trolls and the elves were always at odds over one petty issue or another. “Thank you.” I scanned the gardens. “Have you seen the pixilette I arrived with? Ryden.”
She shook her head making her long, beautiful mane flip back and forth. 
“Where is she?” I wondered aloud. 
“I could help you look if you’d like. The pixilette drank a lot of watermelon juice. She’s probably sleeping it off, feeling woozy, hungover,” Envy said. 
I smiled. “You’re probably right. And I would greatly appreciate your assistance.” We moved toward the table where I’d last seen her. As I came closer, a silver decanter appeared along with a goblet. 
“You must be thirsty,” Envy said. 
“I am,” I said, pouring the liquid that looked like blood into the goblet and raising it to my lips. I drank until it was gone.
We moved over to the trees. A ruby red fruit grew in abundance in this section of the garden. Even though it was a different color than the green fruit I’d smelled yesterday, I realized the aroma was the same. 
Irritated, I asked, “Why does everything in the garden smell like blood?”
Envy gave me a questioning look and I realized maybe it only smelled that way to me. 
“What does the garden smell like to you?”
She sniffed, her nose moving so that I wanted to reach out and touch its softness. Resisting, I clutched my hands at my sides. 
“It smells of fresh clover, alfalfa, and braeburn apples.” She flicked her tail, angling her head toward the red fruit on the tree. 
“That’s what this is. An apple.” My sense of smell blinded me to what it truly was. I plucked one from the tree and placed it in the palm of my hand, and I remembered the gem—Abernathy’s soul.
I sucked in my breath, dropping the apple. Envy sniffed and picked it up with her teeth. “Have you seen a gem? It’s amber in color and shaped like a teardrop.”
“Are you talking about the pretty, the lovely, the gorgeous, hanging from your neck?” Her head bobbed up and down.
I pressed a hand to my neck. It was there. “How?” I wondered aloud, but knew Envy wouldn’t know. Several huge breaths later I unhooked the chain from my neck and looked at it. I needed to see it with my eyes. The dragon’s soul still swirled within. The outline of an elf eye was also within. 
Sighing, I pressed my fist to my chest.
“As soon as I find Ryden, I need to be moving on. Can you let Devoran know I appreciate his help?” I spoke as I headed toward the room I’d stayed in. Before I left I needed to have one more look in that mirror. Something on the girl called Snow White had to be addressed. 
The outside of the room I’d stayed in looked like a crystal cottage. It gleamed in the sunlight, shimmering with hundreds of rainbows.
I stepped inside and went over to the mirror. Snow White looked back at me. “Are you stuck in the mirror?” I asked, getting to the point. I felt I already knew the answer, but I asked anyway.
She shook her head.
“Did Sharra send you?”
“I don’t think so. I think this did.” She grasped the gem held by a chain that resembled the one around my neck. The difference was her gem was red, a deep crimson instead of yellow gold. 
I glanced down at my necklace. “What is that?” I indicated her necklace.
“The Seal—” she stopped as though she couldn’t tell me. 
“Are you somehow here to stop me from collecting the magic I’m trying to preserve?”
She gulped. “No,” she finally whispered. “I think I’m here to help… somehow.” 
I shook my head and I noticed hers shook like mine. “Are you inside my head?” I already knew the answer. How it happened I didn’t know. 
“I am,” she said matter-a-factly.

Chapter 9

I had so many questions I wasn’t sure where to start. And I got the feeling she had more than I did. 
“Silindra?” Envy stood in the doorway, her sympathetic violet eyes searching. “Can I help, assist, aid you in some way?”
“No.” Then I remembered Ryden. “Can you look for Ryden? I need to find her.”
She bowed slightly and said, “Of course.” Backing out, she turned and bounded away. I heard her calling Ryden’s name.
I went back to the mirror. Peering closely, I watched her do the same. She wore a white dress. It was simple, elegant, beautiful even. The collar circled against her neck, accentuating the blood red of the gem. The sleeves of the dress were long and her hair was turned under at the end. A white ribbon was tied in a bow on top of her head. She looked very young. 
“How old are you?” I finally asked.
“I’m sixteen, but I-I think I’m having a birthday soon.” She cleared her throat and I noticed she fought back tears. 
“You think?” I asked simply. 
She nodded. “I keep getting these flashes of conversations from where I’m from, from people I care about… one of them, Gabe—he said I had a birthday coming up.”
“Do you know how long you’ve been like this?” I tapped my head. “Inside here.”
A tear ran down her cheek and, as though the feelings were my own, I felt an overwhelming agony. 
In my mind I saw a flash of steel, heard the clips of conversation. Saw her in a beautiful dress. Watched her get bitten. Saw her kiss a dark-haired boy. Walked through a room full of magical creatures. Talk to a blonde witch she called Cindy. I saw her mother; she was part elf, but this girl didn’t know it. The girl believed her mother was dead. There was a funeral. Her mother lay in a wooden box. Pixilettes I didn’t know visited her. This human girl was special, filled with magic, more than she realized. More even than her friend, the one she called Cindy. The withdrawn chayot, Oberon, fought the girl. A flash of red light…
I gasped. The visions vanished as quickly as they’d come. 
“I think it’s been almost a year, according to my time,” she said, sniffling.
I took a deep breath. “Do you know why you’re here?”
“You’re trying to collect all of the Earth’s magic?”
“Yes, that is correct.”
“I think I’m supposed to be with you, help you in some way.” The girl moved back, wiping her wet cheeks with the backs of her hands.
“You aren’t from this time, are you?” I whispered, wishing I could take back the question. I didn’t want to know.
“No. I’m from a much different time—in the future.” Her voice sounded as scared as I felt, though I couldn’t believe it was possible. Fear wasn’t an emotion that plagued me.
I changed the subject, since I didn’t want to understand what she meant. A different time—that made no sense. “You heard what Abernathy said?”
“Yes.” Her lips pinched into a tight line.
I nodded. “Can I only see you in this mirror?”
“I don’t know,” she said, her voice pained. 
“It’s alright, Snow White,” I said, trying to bring comfort. “We’ll talk again soon. I need to find my precocious friend Ryden so we can be on our way. If that—” I pointed at her necklace, “brought you, perhaps once I complete the quest you’ll be able to go back to your time.”
A look of fear crossed her face. 
“Oh, Silindra. I’m so sorry.” 
“Don’t be. It isn’t your fault you’re stuck in my head.”
She gulped. “That’s not what I meant exactly. See, G—”
“Silindra, I’m here!” Ryden flew into the room. 
I turned. “Where have you been?”
She shrugged, her teeny cream cheeks blossoming a deep shade of chartreuse. “Too much watermelon juice,” she said. 
“Humph.” I lifted the mirror off the wall. “Hang in there, Snow White,” I said. The mirror vanished. 



… “Happy birthday, Snow Angel. I… don’t know if you can hear me, but I love you. Daddy’s here. And when you wake, the two of us are going to catch up on daddy/daughter time. Okay, sweetheart?”…

Chapter 10

I tried to bring the mirror back, but it wouldn’t reappear. “If you can hear me Snow White, I’ll figure out a way to bring the mirror back, but we’ve got to move on.”
I know. It’s okay. I heard her voice inside my head. 
“Ryden, let’s go. We need to find a…” I stopped and glanced at Envy. She stood a little ways off, her tail swishing behind her, her bright eyes watching.
“You need the healing power of a unicorn horn, don’t you? Am I right, correct, assured?” Envy asked slowly. 
I closed the door to the cottage. “Yes, that’s right.” I glanced errantly at her stubby nub, at the spot where her horn was trying to grow. “I planned to speak with Lorenze, the leader of the unicorns.”
Envy shook her mane. “No need. You can have mine as soon as it’s fully grown, developed, supplanted.” 
I smiled. Meeting this sweet creature, seeing the way she loved so unconditionally, filled me with a joy I hadn’t experienced in a while. “Thank you, Envy, but I couldn’t ask that of you.” I moved toward the waterfall, enjoying the loud roaring and the way the mist splashed against my face. Ryden and I would fly to the land of the unicorns. It would be a quick trip.  
Ryden fluttered near my ear. “Where are you going to put the horn, anyway?”
I didn’t respond. Ryden didn’t know the whole plan yet. She didn’t understand what I was doing. I would tell her, of course. I told her everything. But I hadn’t found an opportunity yet. 
“Silindra, it’s my destiny, my fate, my calling, to do this,” Envy said, trotting so that she blocked my way. 
I looked at her, searching her kind, generous eyes. “But your horn is still growing.” I reached out to touch it, but resisted. “Does it hurt very much?”
She shook her head. “No. It’s fine. My horn will be ready very shortly, soon, swiftly.” Her long black lashes batted considerately. 
“Envy, I’ve lived a long time. For a couple of centuries I even dwelled in the land of the unicorns. I know it takes years for a horn to regrow.” I didn’t want to hurt her feelings. I would’ve done anything to keep her from more pain, but her horn couldn’t grow as quickly as I needed.
She whinnied, shaking her head. “If you’ll believe, I promise, when the time comes, it’ll be ready, developed, complete.”
How could I tell this amazing creature no? It was impossible. I wouldn’t. It might take longer than I’d planned, but if Envy believed it was her destiny, I wanted to make her happy. 
“Thank you so much, Envy. I’ll go to the trolls next. I need their strength. On my way back, I’ll stop here and check on you.” 
Envy laughed. It was a neigh-whinny-neigh type laugh. I had to join in. 
“Okay?” 
“I’ll come with you. It’ll be fun to travel, to voyage, to trek,” Envy said, pushing her nose against my thigh. 
“Oh, I—” 
Envy interrupted. “Don’t say no. I’m supposed to go. Devoran even decided, agreed, approved.”
If I took her we’d have to walk. Or, I guess I could carry her, if she let me. “Ryden and I are going to fly.”
“Oh, to fly, to soar, to flutter!” Envy closed her eyes. Her lashes trembled against her lids and her whole body shook like she was concentrating too hard. A black cloud twisted around her legs and over all of her body like velvety tendrils. 
“Envy, what’s the matter?” 
The wispy curls vanished. Extending from Envy’s back was a beautiful, feathery pair of deep violet wings. 
I gasped. The girl inside my head, Snow White, did the same.
“They’re beautiful,” I said, unable to stop myself from stroking the downy feathers. “How did you do this?”
She whinny-neighed again. “Magic.”



... “What’s the plan? Continue to take care of her here?”
“We’re moving her to our house. I’ve already explained the situation to child services. With her father gone and the crazy stepmother out of the picture, I’m her legal guardian. And I won’t leave her in this ridiculous house another second.”
“Good. It’s tragic, all that’s happened to her and her family. First her mother dies. Now her father vanishes. Poor Snow. She’s too good for this.” 
“Agreed, son.”
“She isn’t as red and glowy anymore. Do you think she’ll wake up soon?”
“I don’t know. Magic is strange. It’s exciting, easy to manipulate if you possess the gene, but it can also be cruel and cunning.” …

Chapter 11

My sister, Sharra, and I had been born with wings, and at a young age became quite adept at flying. I had a training period, a time where I learned what it meant to beat my wings against the air, turn them, or tuck them according to what kind of flying I intended. With the little unicorn, Envy, there was none of that. She leapt into the sky and soared like she’d been flying forever.
“It took me ten tries before I could fly without crashing into something,” Ryden whispered. 
“She’s magnificent,” I said, unable to take my eyes from her. 
“This is amazing, wonderful, stupendous,” Envy said, her deep violet wings beating against the bright sky. 
I flew over to her. “It really is the best, right?” Her giddiness and enthusiasm rubbed off on me. The girl called Snow White was enjoying herself as well.
I’ve never flown before, she squealed happily. Her voice caught. Is it all right if I talk? I was nervous to speak before, but now you know I’m in here with you, it would be… nice.
Of course, I answered, wondering if somehow I was talking to myself but was so far gone in my insanity I didn’t realize it. 
Thank you, she whispered. 
For whatever reason, having her with me brought comfort. If I am crazy, then I don’t want to be sane, I thought. 
I decided to believe in Envy as long as I could and, instead of flying inland toward the land of the unicorns, I headed to the craggy mountains where the trolls lived. 
I heard the trolls long before I saw them: their battle cries, trees being torn unceremoniously from the base, pieces of rock carved with bare hands from the mountain. They were still at war with the elves. 
Devoran’s mission of peace hasn’t worked, I thought, pushing myself faster over the mountain peaks and along the steep ridges to Ellavera Pass. 
The scene I came upon twisted my gut. Death raged below. Bodies of the willowy elves and the leathered trolls were strewn across the earth, along with hundreds of trees in various stages of mutilation. Large boulders lay broken and powdery, making the bleeding bodies appear covered in ash. 
“This has to stop,” Ryden said, her tiny lips trembling in dismay.
“We cannot let this mayhem continue, go on, advance,” Envy added. Her eyes filled with tears. 
This is awful, Snow White added.
It is, I agreed. 
I searched the battleground for Devoran or Titan, the leader of the trolls. Since Devoran came to this fight, I knew Titan would be there as well. I spotted him at the top of the Pass. Angry lines etched his potato-skin face. The troll yelled orders, spraying spittle into the faces of those unlucky enough to be near. Pointy yellow teeth seemed to swallow his face. 
Steeling myself, I headed over. 
Ten feet away, Titan turned his beady black eyes on me, an angry roar sending spittle my direction. Luckily he didn’t have that kind of range, but I took that as his greeting. 
“Titan, I have business to discuss.” I stayed in the air, beating my wings to keep me alight so that I could look Titan in the eyes. Had I landed I would’ve come to his protruding belly button, and that wouldn’t do. 
“Can’t you see I’m busy? These senseless elves are nothing but trouble, insects to be squashed back into the earth where they came from.” He focused his attention on the warriors he was talking to before I interrupted. “I don’t care if Devoran wants to talk. I’m sick of his mind games. Kill them all!” he shouted, waving his three-fingered hand in dismissal. 
As he spoke I turned away, searching for Ryden and Envy. I could make out the pixilette a ways off, hovering anxiously over something. I couldn’t see Envy. “Where did that little flying unicorn get to?” I wondered aloud, searching the sky. I hoped she was okay. The trolls cared little for other creatures, especially when they were in the throes of battle. Returning my gaze to Titan I said, “This is of the upmost importance. I cannot wait.”
His shrewd eyes studied me. The trolls looked dumber than rocks. Early on I discovered that was a defense method. They were actually quite competent, especially in the art of war. I believed it was because they held no remorse. 
“It’s for your benefit as well as mine, otherwise I wouldn’t be asking.”
He growled. “You have three minutes.” A troll standing to the side of Titan suddenly sprang into action, heaving a large wooden chair and placing it behind Titan just as the leader sat. 
Impressive, Snow White said.
I snorted internally. Yeah, but if that assistant was a second too late, he’d be dead.  
I felt Snow shudder. 
Once Titan sat I lowered myself, pressing my feet into the scraggily earth. 
“You now have two minutes,” he said taking a goblet of liquid refreshment from the troll assistant. 
I watched in disgust as he drank, sloshing the orange liquid out the sides and down his naked chest onto his trouser-clad thighs, and I wondered how much actually ended up in his mouth. Clearing my throat, I said, “I’ve been to see Abernathy.”
He stopped drinking. The troll assistant took the glass. “Go on.”
I had to be careful. If Titan knew I possessed a piece of Abernathy’s soul he would slaughter me before he would allow me to leave. “He sent me on a quest to collect and save each of the Earth’s great magics.” I paused, preparing myself to slather on the compliments. “Trolls hold the greatest strength in the world and you, Titan, are the strongest of them all.” He sat up straighter. “I would like the strength of a troll so that I may keep it safe.” I didn’t add: just in case the troll people were destroyed, or became nothing but diluted sloths. 
He wiped his mouth with the back of a hand and leaned his elbows on his knees. “And how do you propose I give you this strength, Silindra?” 
I thought about that. Where did a troll’s strength come from? Sure, their bodies were large, tough like a rocks, and their skin prickly as porcupine fur (not to mention their blood was black as tar and tasted like oil). But the trolls’ strength was more than that. It was a deeply embedded part of their personality. After a thousand years of living in the roughest terrain on the planet, they had to be strong or they would’ve died off quickly. 
“Well?” Titan prodded.
“Where do you think your strength comes from?” I asked, sending the question back at him.
He guffawed, slapping his knee in glee. “I like you, Silindra. I always have.”  Leaning back, he said, “The strength of a troll isn’t in these.” He lifted one arm and flexed his bicep. Titan winked. I tried not to retch. His bicep muscle was bigger than my head. “It’s in this,” he continued, tapping his hairless head. “Our brains, dear Silindra.” He gave me a surly glare, as though begging me to disagree. “We are more than brute strength, though the physicality of our species is beyond measure in that department as well.” 
“I believe you’re right, Titan,” I acknowledged, hoping to appease him. 
The troll stood. “I’ve decided to give you more time. Follow me.”
I hesitated. Sure, I was interested in what he had to show me, but I also worried about Ryden and Envy. What were they doing?
Titan didn’t wait to see if I followed, he just walked away. Never mind the raging battle, the slaughter mere feet away. He turned his back on them and me. With a sigh I plodded along after him. 
He stomped down the side of the mountain through leafy trees and plants, over thick, dry roots and yellow-orange flowers. When he reached what looked like the edge of the mountain, he jumped. 
A hitch caught in my throat. Lifting to the air, I hurriedly reached the edge and peered over. More than four thousand feet of sheer rock went straight down until it reached a small valley below. On the other side of the grassy valley was another mountain, as great as the one I stood on. 
Whoa, that’s a long way down. Where did he go? Snow White asked. 
I don’t know. Flying over, I scanned the valley below, searching. After several minutes I still hadn’t found him. I’d almost reached the bottom. Glancing up, I saw Titan looking down at me from a slight lip in the rock. He had an arrogant smirk on his face. 
I worked hard not to shake my head in frustration as I flew toward him. When I was eye level, he said, “Find anything interesting?”
“No.” 
“Tsk tsk,” he said. The noise sounded like he sucked spit between his teeth. It was annoying, but I ground my jaw together, holding back any comments. The troll leader turned and I noticed for the first time the oblong door behind him. It blended in so perfectly I would’ve missed it had I not been so close. He pushed the door and it scraped inward. 
Not another cave, I grumbled.



… “I can’t stay long. No one knows I’m here. Gabe would probably kill me if he found out. In fact I know he would. It doesn’t matter though, not if you aren’t around. I’m alive because of you. The Vampire Queen released me after your party. She’s thrilled you killed Oberon and believes no one can stop her since the Seal of Gabriel is gone. She would be right, if not for you. You’re the key, Snow. So I need you to wake up. Plus, I want to thank you for saving me. 
“Don’t let the Seal control you. It will try to keep you, make you its own. Okay?
“If you can hear me, I’m going to kiss you now.” … 

Blood and Snow 8: Telltale Kisses


Chapter 1

I took my first big adventure while still an adolescent. My sister, Sharra, and I dove the depths of the Mediterranean Sea. Abernathy told us many stories of a dragon living along the sea floor; if we found him we could claim a wish, anything we desired, and the dragon would grant it. For weeks we searched and were about to give up when we found a cave entrance along the sea floor. It sloped downward. A dim blue-green light glowed, begging us to see what secrets it held. 
Hands clasped together we went down, using our wings to push us further, deeper. After a long time we arrived at the center of a cavern made completely of salt. Inside, the sea dragon lay curled in a scaly ball. He was sleeping (not a big shocker given dragons are lazy). Two blue eyes, the color of midnight, peered at us. 
“I suppose you’re here for a wish, little vampires.” He shook his stark white mane, making it dance in the water. 
“Yes we are,” I said.
“Very well. What is it?” He swam closer and we noticed he had fins instead of feet. His scales were the color of pearls, and he had a very long fin for a tail.
When we’d decided to search for the dragon, Sharra and I had long, sometimes hostile, discussions about our wish. So, without hesitation, I looked directly at the dragon and said, “We wish to see our parents.” We’d never met our parents. My first memories were of Sharra and me taking care of each other. We’d watched the other creatures have children, saw the way they cared for their infants, and knew we must have been born of parents as well. 
When the dragon’s face loomed in front of us, he asked, “Are you sure that is your wish?”
“It is,” we said together.
“So be it.” 
The cavern turned black, as though we swam in ink instead of water. I couldn’t see my hands in front of my face. 
“Silindra?”
“I’m here.”
“What happened?”
“I don’t know.”
A clicking sound started from a ways off and grew louder and louder. Sharra and I clung to each other.
“I’m scared.”
I tried to calm her, stroking her hair. “Shhh, it’s okay. You’re safe.” I was terrified as well, but I didn’t dare move. I had no idea where to go or how to get back the way we’d come. 
When the clicking sound got so close I thought it would run us through a bright light flashed, startling me. Two large sets of eyes, so beautiful and yet so chilling, peered at us. Light radiated and swirled around their bodies like a lightning storm. Their forms, even now, are hard to explain. They were like all creatures and none at all, a swirling unknown entity one second and corporeal the next.
When Sharra and I talked about the experience later, neither of us ever could decide what we saw.
But Sharra, normally the shy one, asked, “Are you our parents?”
“We are, and ever will be.” The voice was like liquid, neither male nor female, and seemed to reach me to my very core.
“Why didn’t you stay with us? Why do we drink blood? Why are we so different from all other creatures?” Sharra asked, moving out of my arms.
It surprised me she was suddenly so bold, especially in the presence of creatures I didn’t understand.
“Dear ones, you are the sum of all other magical creatures—the beginning. Blood is your sustenance because magic is strongest there. And we saw no purpose in staying. When we created you, we provided you with each other.”
They turned, swimming away and taking their strange light with them. We were again plunged in darkness. The clicking sound, which Sharra and I guessed came from our parents, got farther and farther away. Blue-green light filled the salty cavern. The sea dragon was gone too. We were alone.
Sharra cried. 
I forced back my tears, knowing they wouldn’t make a difference. 
From that moment on, Sharra and I became more than sisters, more than girls related to one another. 
And I promised to protect her, always be there for her. I became the parents she never had.
That was several lifetimes ago. Since then I’ve been in hundreds of caves, and every single time I think of Sharra and the tears she shed for our non-parents. 
Standing on the precipice of another, while Titan’s ugly troll face scanned mine, Sharra’s image crossed my mind. 
The beginning of the end, I thought sadly. 



… “Snow’s eyelashes fluttered. Did you see them?”
“Whatever is going on inside of her, I think it’s almost at an end. Look at her skin. Completely back too normal. It shouldn’t be much longer.”
“You don’t think… she isn’t… dying, is she, Pops?”
“I’m not sure, Dorian. I hope not. For her sake, Gabe’s… well, all our sakes. She’s got to live.”
“You hear that, Snow? We aren’t giving you a choice. Come back.” …

Chapter 2

  
“Welcome to my secret fortress, Silindra,” Titan said. 
I grunted my response, walking past him to the doorway in the mountain, its entry bursting with light. The surface my feet touched was smooth and hard, like polished rock—but it wasn’t rock. It was some kind of iron. It swayed slightly, and I grabbed hold of the rails.
This is incredible, Snow White said.
I agreed wholeheartedly. Metal catwalks crisscrossed each other, reminding me of a spider’s web. Tall beams rose to the ceiling where millions of lights shone. It was as though Titan harnessed a portion of the sun and somehow held its rays captive within.
In the center of the mountain, reaching vertically to the top and, I guessed, touching the bottom, was a thick grated tube. Inside the tube were two sets of stairs: one used to walk up, and the other for down. A steady flow of occupants used them, exiting through archways onto walkways like the one I was on. The walkways led to large, cylinder-shaped holes carved into the mountain.
Cautious, I glanced over the side and felt my throat drop into my stomach. A seemingly endless number of walkways weaved from the center stairs and downward. 
I took a deep breath, noting the tang of something sour like curdled milk. The voices of thousands echoed as trolls, fairies, gremlins, and other magical creatures busily rushed around. It was like a strange city.
“What is this place?” I finally asked. 
“This is Varden, the place where all the scientific magic happens,” he responded, pushing his bulky body past me and walking briskly along the path. The metal shuddered under his weight and I held my breath. Snow let out a tiny scream. 
I tried to calm my nerves and Snow’s. 
It’ll hold him, I told her and myself. I hoped I was right. 
When he reached the stairs, he turned. “Do you want the strength of a troll or not?”
Lifting my chin, I said, “Of course I do.” With pretend confidence I reorganized my wings and headed toward Titan. He started down the stairs, and I followed. 
I was surprised to see so many different creatures working side by side in seeming harmony. They talked quietly amongst themselves. That’s when I noticed each level led to at least ten different tunnels. 
“Where are they going?” I asked. We were on the third level from the top and moving down. 
“Each level holds a different department. When a fairy, elf, dwarf, gremlin or vampire,” he eyed me meaningfully, “comes to Varden, we discuss their talents and then they get to work on whichever level suits them best. Those two,” he began, pointing at an elf and a troll walking side by side, chatting excitedly. “They work in the efficiency department as part of a team creating sustainable energy.”
It shocked me that the battle above didn’t seem to affect anyone within Varden. Elves were killing trolls and vice versa above, yet these creatures didn’t appear to care. 
I shook my head in awed amazement. A vampire can’t live a millennium and not see everything—at least that’s what I told myself. But this truly was new. All species, including and especially the magical ones, kept to themselves. Elves lived and worked with elves, dwarves with dwarves, gremlins with gremlins, vampires with vampires, fairies with fairies. It was the way life went. Order was kept by adherence to the rules. Yet in the heart of the enormous mountain, those lines were crossed—blurred into extinction. Didn’t these creatures understand they were messing with age-old laws? Surely at some point their blatant disregard would destroy them.
“I know what you’re thinking.” Titan stepped off the stairs onto a metal hallway. “Do you?” I asked, joining him. 
He nodded. “You’re wondering how I can allow a war to rage above while this goes on below.”
“That is curious,” I agreed noncommittally. 
“This mountain, and what goes on down here, is of the upmost importance. Devoran and his band of elves think to take the mountain, believing it belongs to them. But, if they were to gain control, they would discover our secrets, and Devoran would never let the science continue.” His face grew angry. “The Elven King is ancient and set in his ways. I won’t allow him to destroy everything we’ve worked for in the name of old-fashioned beliefs.” 
I understood Titan’s passion. I held the same beliefs for the quest I was on, to save magic, but I doubted what Titan was doing down here would matter in the long run. I’d heard the term, Science, thrown around at the last Council meeting. The word meant little to me. “What else do you do down here?” I asked. 
“Let me show you.” He glanced over and smiled. 
I blew out my breath in frustration. 
“You believe I’m heartless, uncaring. Is that it? You’re wondering how I can put science above the lives of my people.” 
“Something like that,” I acknowledged. 
“It’s simple. Down here we take emotion out of the equation. We take a problem and use science along with magic to solve it. Up there,” he pointed one of his thick fingers toward the ceiling, but I understood he meant above ground. “The trolls and the elves fight over an imaginary line—an important line, yes, but a line nonetheless. The elves only desire power. We aren’t oppressing them. They have plenty of food and shelter. It doesn’t matter. They fight because one of the elven chieftains believes a troll chieftain should give him more land. He says his land is far greater and that it’s unfair.” 
Titan threw up his hands, flashing long, unkempt armpit hair. “They don’t realize if they would work together, use the resources from each side to benefit the other, their lives would be far better.” He spun in a slow circle, his arms extended wide. “This, down here, is the true power. Down here we have harmony, accord, a group of intelligent beings working toward the betterment of the entire world.” He moved toward one of the corridors. “Come with me. I want to show you something.”
As Titan walked he continued talking. “You probably think none of this has anything to do with you. Vampires are lucky they can’t die of disease.” He raised a finger. “But other magical creatures can, and you, Silindra, have the equivocal title of Earth’s Queen.” He waved his hands in a circle. “All of this should matter to you. Once you’ve seen what we do, perhaps you’ll encourage more vampires to join our cause.”
I wanted to snort in disgust. Instead I said, “What kinds of sicknesses?” I wanted to take the focus off what I wouldn’t do and turn it toward what he found so fascinating about this place. 
He gave a knowing smile. “The top rung houses the center for disease control. One ailment our scientists are working on is the loss of fairy wings at half a millennium. Did you know that happens?”
Worry formed in my belly. Ryden wasn’t a fairy, but a pixilette. Still, I wondered if she ever got sick, if her wings would fall off. I’d never known her to be ill. “I didn’t,” I answered quietly, still lost in my own thoughts. 
“We’ve discovered it’s a degenerative disease. And our scientists found a cure.”
That surprised me. And Snow White.
Cool. I never really thought about fairytale— um, I mean fairies getting sick or old, she said.
Me either.



… “Snow. Merde! I’m so over not being able to get your advice. I need to tell you about Gabe. The guy has lost it. Last night I was at Warehouse Video and he pulled up in his silver CRX wearing a sword across his back, like some kind of Knight of the Round Table. He looked sexy and completely stupid. Sexy, because I know what he is—the leader of the chayot. Stupid, because everyone else thought he’d gone nerd. I mean, really, if I didn’t know what he was I would’ve laughed my ass off. He didn’t even notice the kids laughing at him. It was like he saw no one else, just the vampire dude who’d been sniffing around one of the cheerleaders. Gabe grabbed him by his coat collar and yanked him into the car. I have no idea what happened to him, but I’m guessing Gabe killed him. 
“Honestly, I don’t know what to think about Gabe. I’m pretty sure he doesn’t believe witches did anything to you, so that’s good. But, ugh, how do I say this?  I guess I’ll just spit it out. See, he’s… I… Kuso! That’s Japanese for dammit. Anyhoo, Gabe asked me out. It was weird. He came into work, sat at a table in my section, and when I brought his water and bread he was all, ‘Hey, Cindy. Want to see a movie with me on Friday?’ 
“I think my mouth might have dropped open. I was like, ‘No way. What about Snow?’ His features grew angry and I thought he might hit me, but then he crumbled like his heart was fractured. He said, ‘I just need someone to hang out with.’ Well I couldn’t say no to that, so I agreed. I hate to admit it, but after the movie, which was all blood and guts and totally gross, he took me home. We kissed… like a lot. 
“Please don’t be mad. I’m so sorry. But that’s why I need you to wake up, so everything can make sense again. See, I think I might have feelings for the idiot. Ugh, please Snow. Wake up.” …

Chapter 3

For the next several hours Titan took me through the immense innards of Varden, winding us through the most elaborate structure I’d ever seen. Like the inside of an anthill or a beehive, everything was precise and grand. 
When we finally reached the bottom I sensed a change in the air, like the crackle of electricity right before a lightning storm. There was a vibe, a droning energy. It made me nervous. 
“What’s this level for?” I asked, moving after him into a tunnel. A reddish glow pulsated to some unknown rhythm and a coppery smell inflamed my nose. 
Titan turned back and smiled, the light bouncing off his sharp teeth with a menacing radiance. “Down here we extract, study, and discover the delicacies of each creature’s guts.” 
I stopped. “You what?”
Snow White shivered.
“This is our lab. It’s fascinating.”
Tentatively I hurried after him. The further along the corridor I went, the worse the smell. If Snow White could’ve run, she would have. I sensed her immense desire to turn back. She didn’t want to see whatever we were headed into. 
When we arrived at the room, I worked not to gag. The large room contained magical creatures in varying degrees of decomposition. Some lay on the table, their innards spread out on top of their bodies. Others hung from the ceiling, their eyes open and vacant. 
“What have you done?” I asked, stepping toward a fairy pinned against a piece of wood, his guts pinned around him, his chest opened and peeled back like a banana. “This is wrong,” I added, my throat dry. I couldn’t swallow. 
“How can you say that?” Titan asked, throwing his hands up in exasperation, scaring the trolls busily doing whatever it was they were doing. “Without this room we wouldn’t understand how each creature works.” He paused and picked up what looked like a walnut still in its shell. “This is the brain of a fairy. Right here,” he touched his dirty index finger to the back of the brain and continued, “is where the ability to do magic is stored. Without this tiny piece of the genetic puzzle, a fairy can’t do magic.” Then he tapped a portion on the left. “This tells the fairy’s body it’s going to be small and winged.” Then he pointed at the portion directly in front. “Right here, this tells the fairy it wants to reproduce every six years.” 
I was mesmerized and revolted at the same time. It was fascinating that he knew such information but, as my eyes searched the tables witnessing all the carnage, I couldn’t be excited. 
Titan walked over to a large container filled with a liquid that looked like dirty water. Encased within was another brain, much larger than a fairy’s. He tapped on the glass. “This is the brain of a troll.” 
I stepped toward it involuntarily. Was this why he’d brought me here? Did he intend to give me a portion of this brain? 
“We’ve studied each and every magical creature, save one.” He gave a nod and two trolls grabbed each of my arms. 
Where had they come from? I thought, letting out a roar of anger. How dare Titan think he could capture and study me? Didn’t he know I wouldn’t be taken captive? 
I yanked my arms together, using their strength against them, and flipped over so that I faced them. Flapping my wings, I stuck them in the eyes with the pointed end of each wing as I stepped forward. They screamed out in pain in unison, lessening their grip on my arms. I slapped my hands together, knocking the disoriented trolls into each other. They crumbled to the ground. I stomped down without regard for propriety, crushing their oversized heads into a dark pulpy puddle. 
Whipping around, I faced Titan. “You didn’t think I would be taken that easily.” I stepped toward him and a clear understanding of what I had to do sank into my stomach. He gnashed his teeth in anger and crouched low in a fighting stance. 
I stepped to the left while he stepped to the right, a kind of dance after which Titan’s life would be over. In order to retrieve a portion of the trolls’ strength, I would have to defeat Titan. It wouldn’t be easy, but it had to be done. 
Do you know where the Troll’s strength lies? Snow White asked.
In his brain somewhere. That’s what he said, I responded. 
From the nearest table I picked up a large, razor-sharp knife. The trolls performing their various tasks ran from the room, leaving Titan and I alone with the dead. It seemed fitting the troll leader would die here, among the creatures he so mindlessly destroyed. 
Tossing the knife from my left hand to my right, I said, “I suppose I’ll cut your strength from your very large, incredibly convoluted head.”



… “Hello my darling Chosen one. I just stopped by to check on you, see if the rumors were true. You still live, yet you are in some form of eternal sleep. This is a variable I did not foresee. 
“I wonder if Abernathy knew the Seal would do this. Knowing him, he probably planned the whole thing with my insipid sister, Silindra. It’s sad, really. I didn’t have a second choice. Sure, the Hunters selected many Chosen, but I always only wanted you. There were many reasons: your beauty, intellect, the way you view the world—but most of all I wanted you for your genetics. You’re special, Snow, more than just an ordinary human girl. 
“It doesn’t matter anymore. Whatever the Seal did, it’s ruined you. The chayot, the witches, Adam Henry… they all believe you’ll wake, but they don’t understand the power within the Seal like I do. You won’t come back. And that’s for the best. I’ve chosen another. She isn’t as great as you could’ve been, but she is part chayot. 
“Besides, she’s close. She’s fallen in love and her craving for her lover’s heart burns within her. It’s so strong I can feel it. Soon she’ll consume his heart, and then her body will be mine.
“Stay asleep, Snow—because if you wake, I’ll hunt down and destroy everyone you care about, starting with that dimwitted child leader you call Gabe. That’s right, dear one. I’ll kill him first. 
“Maybe I should just solve the problem and slay you while you slumber. Press this knife to your neck, sever your head from your body… Arrrrgh, my hand. I can’t feel my hand. What have you done?” …

Chapter 4

Sweat beaded at my brow. I ignored it, knowing I needed to end the altercation with Titan quickly. 
“Silindra, you’re making a grave mistake.”
I didn’t respond. His error was thinking he could withhold what I wanted. In one swift movement I spread my wings, stepped forward, and rammed the palm of my hand into Titan’s chest, hoping to throw him off balance. He held his ground and grabbed my wings in his clammy hands, trying to rip them from my back. I roared in pain and drove the knife directly into the troll’s immense chest, sinking it into his heart. He snarled, releasing my wings and clutching his hand to his chest. Black blood poured from the wound, through his large fingers and onto the sterile floor. 
“You realize I let you win,” he sneered, falling to his knees. “At the top of my brain, between the two hemispheres, is a black nodule. It’s the source of a troll’s strength. Take it and protect it. I fear my kind won’t be around much longer, especially if your sister has any say in the matter.” He took a final, giant breath and collapsed dead. 
Pushing down the anxiety rolling off Snow White I lifted Titan’s chin and sliced off the scalp of his head. 
This is awful. Why did you have to kill him? Snow rambled, and I felt her sadness, smelled her tears. 
“I didn’t have a choice,” I growled aloud, wiping the inky blood and other liquids from Titan’s head and locating the black nodule he spoke of. With my fingers I tried to pull it out, but it wouldn’t come. “He’s a stubborn arse, even in death.” 
I used the edge of the knife to get under it and rocked back and forth to pry it loose. The nodule came out with a pop, flying into the air. I caught it in my palm on the way down. Wiping it on my fur, I studied the thing Titan said held a troll’s strength, holding it between my thumb and first finger. It was perfectly round and reminded me of a black pearl. 
“Now what?” I murmured, wondering how I would get the small black nodule into the stone. 
I dropped the knife and lifted the amber stone hanging around my neck. 
Touch the nodule to the stone, Snow White insisted. 
“How will that help?” I asked aloud, but did it anyway. As soon as the nodule brushed against the stone the gem consumed it and it settled at the bottom. “Easy enough,” I said, standing. “Now I need to find Ryden and Envy.”
I hope they’re okay, Snow White said, her voice trembling.
I do too. 
Running from the room, I entered the corridor and beat my wings, allowing them to take me back to the top, to the door Titan brought me through. No one paid me any heed, and I was grateful. When I reached the door I pushed it open and flew out into the sunshine. Inhaling a deep breath, the aroma of battle stung my nose first, but I also smelled fresh grass, pine, and salt. 
I pressed my wings firmly against the air, lifting higher until I passed the edge of the mountain, higher than the tips of the trees. The battle still raged on, both sides riddled with fatalities. Greasy smoke from oil-dipped arrows clouded the sky. 
“Where could they be?” I wondered aloud. 
Finally I spotted Envy, pinned down by a large troll. 
“Get off her!” I roared, tilting my wings, aiming for the troll. On my way I picked up a spear jutting from the gut of an elf and ferociously tossed it at the troll’s head. It slammed into his skull and went straight through. He fell forward onto Envy, covering her so that only the tips of her wings could be seen. The troll let out a groan, grabbing his head, and then he lay still. 
I landed with a grunt and pushed the troll off the unicorn. She lay of her side, breathing rapidly, blowing out air with a snort. 
“Envy.” I kneeled next to her, tucking my wings. One of Envy’s legs was bent at an odd angle and a wing was torn, several feathers ripped away. 
Please be all right, Snow White sobbed. Her sadness tore through me and I growled the pain away. 
All that matters is that I win, I told myself, but my insides ached. 
“Envy, can you hear me?” I asked, gently touching her side. 
She winced and opened an eye. “Yes,” she said, the word garbled. 
I swallowed. Regardless of my personal desires, I didn’t want this poor creature to suffer. “You can heal yourself, right? What can I do to make it easier?” 
She snorted. “I must do what I must, what I can, what is necessary.”
What did she mean? I shook my head. “Let’s get you out of here. I’ll take you back to Devoran’s, where you can rest and heal. You’d like that, wouldn’t you?” I tried to smile and was surprised tears gathered on my eyelashes. What was this human vampire doing to me? 
Envy lifted her head, her eyes suddenly full of fear. Understanding radiating through me and I yanked the spear from the dead troll’s head, stood, and turned in time to jam it into a charging troll. With a loud growl, I used my magic and formed a force field around myself and the little unicorn. Envy’s head fell back to the earth.
“Come closer, Silindra.”
I got on both knees, leaning my face next to hers. “I’m here, Envy.” A faint scent of lilacs surrounded her. 
Envy took a deep breath. A black swirling mist surrounded her, just as it had when she gave herself wings. I hoped this time she was healing herself. 
When the mist vanished, her body was still broken—except her horn. It spiraled up to a point, fully-grown and beautiful. Its colors were silver and indigo. It was the most exquisite thing I’d ever seen. 
“Envy, your horn. It’s stunning.”
She smiled. “It’s my gift, present…” She coughed, and blood dribbled from her mouth. 
She’s dying. Oh, Silindra, don’t let her die. Please. Please. Please. She can’t die. No, Snow White wailed. 
There is nothing I can do for her, I answered, angry her profound grief affected me.
Yes, there is. You have magic. Use it. Do something. 
I’m sorry. There is nothing I can do.
“Silindra, in order to possess the healing power in the horn, you must remove it while I still live. I don’t have long. Do it quickly, rapidly, speedily.” She coughed and her lungs rattled. 
I searched the terrain for something sharp. There was the spear, but it was only sharp at the tip. I needed a sword or a knife. 
Plenty of elves and trolls had both, but to get to them I’d have to release the shield I held over Envy and me. 
“Hurry, I don’t have long.”
I knew what I needed to do, but it would mean causing the little unicorn more pain. Close your eyes. Shut yourself away, if you can. What I have to do—
You don’t have to do anything! The stupid gem doesn’t save you! It doesn’t help you remain Queen. In fact, it lets you die, and if you don’t help Envy, you’ll deserve it! Snow White yelled so loudly it was like she banged metal against rocks inside my mind. 
Her words angered me. “You have no idea what you’re blabbering about. Keep quiet.” 
Envy peered at me, her eyes achingly complacent. 
“I’m sorry,” I uttered. 
She nodded and closed her eyes. 
I grabbed the horn in one hand, wrapped my fingers around the edge near her forehead, and tore the horn off. Like a twig from a tree, it took little effort. Envy and Snow screamed at the same time. The unicorn nickered and was quiet. 
You are nothing like I was led to believe. You’re cruel. Evil. Sharra wins. Not you. And just so you know, you die at the hands of your lover. 



… “Hello, my friend. It’s Valentine’s Day. I hate to admit this, but I’ve thought of no one but you. I want so much to tell you how I feel when your eyes are open. I love the way you look at me, the way your features are always easy to read. You have this naiveté thing going on, but I know you possess passion. I’ve sensed it when you’re near and I long to taste it, bring it out in you. 
“It kills me that you chose Gabe, that you’ve swapped blood with that offensive Hunter. I’ve no one to blame but myself. Gabe told you how he felt, and maybe you don’t think of me at all. Maybe I’m just another boy to you. But Gabe, he’s an idiot. He told me he was in love with you, but he’s off doing who knows what with Cindy. I think he’s using her. If that’s the case, he’s going to be in a lot of trouble. I’ve seen the way she looks at him, and she most definitely isn’t using him. She cares for him. 
“Don’t be too mad at her. I think if Gabe pulled his head out of his uppity ass, he’d realize Cindy is perfect for him. And that’s because you are perfect for me. Snow. Sweet, amazing Snow. What can I do to help?” …

Chapter 5

“You think I wanted to hurt Envy? I didn’t. It breaks me up inside to know I caused that little unicorn pain. But I had no choice.” I stood, forcing the angry fear Snow White’s words caused to the back of my mind. I touched the horn to the gem and I watched as it was sucked inside and rested in the center, the pointy end facing upward. 
Releasing the force field, I spun around and stepped into the battle. I wanted to rip, tear… anything to take away the pain Snow White inflicted with her weak emotions. How dare she judge me? 
I killed my way from one end of the field to the other, the entire time keeping my eyes open for Ryden. When I finally saw her, I nearly fell over in happiness. She buzzed above the head of a troll and dropped a tiny pebble on his head. The troll, distracted, looked up, and an elf stabbed the troll through the heart. 
“Ryden!” I yelled, bashing a troll in the head with a club I’d picked up as I walked toward the pixilette. 
She turned to face me and her eyes lit up. “Silindra, where have you been? I was so worried. Gabriel is looking for you. He has news.”
“Gabriel is here?” I turned in a circle, searching for him. When I found him, he was fighting three trolls. My skin warmed like I’d been set on fire, and my cheeks flushed.
He seemed to sense me because he turned and his eyes held mine. He smirked. In three moves he slaughtered the trolls and ran toward me. 
Ryden landed on my shoulder just as Gabriel wrapped his arms around my waist. He lifted me slightly and ran. When we reached the other side of Ellavera Pass, he stopped. I took a deep breath, working to forget everything that had happened, and wrapped my arms around Gabriel’s neck. 
“Hello, lover.”
He smiled, showing all of his white teeth. “Hello yourself.” Leaning in, he kissed me. Soft at first, sweet. But I needed more and pressed my lips to his, pushing open his mouth so I could taste him with my tongue. He groaned in response and reciprocated, his tongue circling mine. 
“You two are sick,” Ryden said, and flew off my shoulder. 
I smiled, but didn’t respond. Instead I clung to Gabriel, kissing along his jaw and down his neck to the pulsing vein. Pulling back my lips, I sank my pointy canines into his soft flesh. Gabriel moaned, pressing my body tightly against his. I drank deeply, my lust for him stronger than I’d ever known. 
Finally satiated, I withdrew and kissed my way back to his mouth. His lips pressed against mine fiercely. My body ached for his touch and I pushed him into the grass. He chuckled. “Right here, my love? Aren’t you afraid someone will see us?” He removed the swords at his back and lay down. 
“Not even a little bit. Are you?” I straddled him, breaking open his vest so I could touch his taut chest. I undid the string on his trousers and was about to remove them when Ryden flew toward me, her hands covering her eyes. 
“I can’t see what’s going on, I swear, but,” she cleared her throat. “The King and Queen of the Fairies and their court are coming this way.”
I growled, standing, gnashing my teeth against my need. “I hate interruptions!” This was a stroke of luck, though. “Ryden, would you please request an audience with the King and Queen? Gabriel and I will wait here for their response.”
“You got it.” She flew off. 
I realized Snow White hadn’t said anything while I kissed Gabriel, hadn’t said anything since she yelled at me before Envy died. I knew she still dwelled within my mind. I sensed her. 
Are you not talking to me? I asked, stomping around the grassy meadow, flapping my wings sporadically and trying to reclaim my sanity. 
I don’t see a point, she responded in a sulky voice. 
I guess that’s true. We’re almost done. I’m sure you heard fairies are nearby. I’ll take a heart and then I’ll return home to collect what I need from a vampire and a Hunter.  
You don’t know anything.
Well then tell me. What do I need to know? I waited for a response, but none came. 
“You know I’m always happy to see you, Gabriel, but Ryden said you had news. Why are you here?” 
“Not news, just information. Sharra is worried you’re doing something against her. She wanted me to check on you, your whereabouts. She wanted to make sure you were… well was the word she used.”
I sidled up to him, rubbing my hand up and down his thigh. “I won’t be well until I’ve had my fill of you in every way.”
“Yes, my Queen.” 
Something felt off about Gabriel. He seemed less willing, less excited. Or maybe it was just all I’d been through the past few days. Not to mention the human girl dwelling in my head. I had no doubt that was making a difference as well. I wanted to ask him about it, knowing one word from him would alleviate my fears, but the fairies came into view before I had a chance.
The fairy King and Queen listened to my plea and provided me with a heart without incident. They truly were the most giving of the magical creatures. 



… “Ever been let down by those you care about most? I have. Recently. I believed something I did to be honorable, a good thing. And it is… was… is. But Professor Pops and my brothers don’t think so.
“It’s so frustrating. I expected them to be supportive, but they said what I did was no better than the Vampire Queen. I don’t know what to believe anymore. The other chayot, including Holden and Jaycee, agree I did the right thing by killing the Hunter. They’re almost too willing to please, though. Their opinion, while appreciated, doesn’t mean as much to me as Professor Pops. Dammit! 
“Snow, there’s something else Professor Pops and my brothers aren’t happy about. I… I’m dating Cindy. I don’t love her the way I loved you, but she has become important to me. I thought you should know.
“Heathcliff, Daniel, Bart and, well, all of the guys, think I should kiss you. They believe if you receive a kiss from your true love, you’ll wake. Once I thought maybe I was that guy. Not anymore, though. Still, I’m willing to try. It hurts to see you this way. So… I’m going to kiss you.” …

Chapter 6

After the King and Queen and their court continued toward their destination, Ryden, Gabriel, and I made good time getting home. We arrived at the castle swiftly and parted ways. Ryden said she needed to get cleaned up. I wanted to do that as well. It’d been too long since I bathed. Gabriel went to report to Sharra that I’d been found and all was well. 
When I entered my room two male humans greeted me. Neither wore clothing on their top halves and their trousers hung low on their hips. 
“Well kept humans,” I muttered, taking my fill of them. No doubt they were a gift from my sister, and I didn’t want to hurt her feelings. I’d be doing more than that soon enough, when I proved to her once and for all I was and would always remain ruler of the vampires—when I possessed the power of all magics inside the gem Abernathy had given me. That would be soon. I still needed the essence of a vampire and the blood of a Hunter. 
I wondered if I would have to slay my sister to retrieve her essence. I knew it couldn’t be just any vampire. I also pondered which Hunter I would need to obtain blood from.  
When I was done with the humans I sent them away and had my servants bathe me. I stepped from the water and they wrapped me in thick fabrics, rubbing my furry skin dry. Once they were finished I went to my favorite golden chair, allowing my servants to brush and groom. 
Zenny, the little imp Abernathy created for Sharra and me when we were young, peeked at me from one side of the gilded oval mirror hanging on the wall. His lemon yellow hair swirled like frosting over his head. 
“Hello, Zenny. Have you missed me?”
He gave a deep bow and I hid a laugh behind a hand. His bright colored plaid clothing always provoked my amusement. “Of course. Did you do anything fun while you were away?”
I thought about all that occurred since I went to see the dragon. “I wouldn’t use the word fun, but it’s been interesting.”
He leaned over, and beckoned me to come closer. “I need to tell you something—in private.” He sniffed his nose haughtily at the human vampires working through my sapphire blue hair and snarled fur. 
“Get out,” I said, waving the girls away. I didn’t care that only half my long hair was combed or that my fur still looked matted. I groomed myself for my sister anyway. She was always making comments about my appearance. I thought she was too vain for her own good: always wearing fancy clothes and peculiar shoes on her feet. 
When they were gone, I leaned in. “What’s going on, Zenny?”
I heard Snow White say, I’ve met Zenny. He looks the same. 
I didn’t respond to her, but waited for Zenny. The little imp was sweet, but I wondered where his loyalties lay—with my sister or me. I would know soon enough. 
“I adore both you and Sharra,” Zenny began, running a hand over his tiny copper-colored face. “But you are the Queen, and I feel obligated to tell you I think Sharra is planning to dethrone you.” His light brown eyes darted from side to side, as though he were worried someone would hear. 
“Go on,” I prodded, a thick worry forming in my gut. 
“I heard her talking to Gabriel about making sure you were permanently gone before they began the war.”
“What? What war? Sharra doesn’t have the courage to go against me.” But I thought of the way she’d suddenly seemed so bold when speaking to our non-parents and the worry changed to dread. And Gabriel? Surely he was on my side. If she were planning something, he would only be pretending to do what she asked. Right?  
“Sharra intends to take your place as ruler of the vampires. Her magic has become so strong, Silindra. It’s troubling.”
Anger burned away my dread. “Don’t you dare worry about me. My sister doesn’t have the guts. And if she does, she’ll soon learn she has no idea who she’s messing with.” I wrapped my fingers around the gem hanging at my throat. “Are you sure she was speaking to Gabriel?”
“Yes,” he nodded, his boofy hair bopping in earnest. 
Was he truly conspiring with Sharra? Had Gabriel betrayed me? I remembered our times together and couldn’t believe it. I would find him and ask. If what Zenny said was true, Gabriel would die. 
Leaving my bedchamber, I moved swiftly through the sitting room toward a set of stairs leading into the kitchen. 
I’ve been here before, Snow exclaimed. 
“Silindra, I was just coming to find you.” Ryden landed on my shoulder and nestled up to my ear. “Something is going on. I’m not sure what. Two of Sharra’s Hunters broke the bond Sharra held over them and the chayot are rumored to be coming out of hiding to go against her.”
What the hell is going on?
The end is coming, Silindra. I’m so sorry. I sensed an acceptance come over Snow White. I longed to ask her what she knew. I had the feeling it was important, but I needed to talk to Ryden, and I needed to find Gabriel. 
“Ryden, we need to talk.” I went back to my room and sat on the edge of my bed. Ryden flew from my shoulder so I could see her. 
“I have so much to tell you, but no time to do it,” I began, feeling frantic. 
“I’m listening.”
I grabbed the gem dangling at my neck. “See this?” 
She nodded.
“I’ve been collecting magic. Abernathy said I need seven elements. So far I’ve retrieved five: a piece of Abernathy’s soul, the eternal sight of the elf, the strength of the troll, the healing horn of a unicorn, and the giving heart of a fairy.”
She nodded again, her gauzy wings and daffodil hair moving as one. 
“I still need two more magics: the essence of a vampire and the blood of a Hunter.” I clenched my hands together, trying not to believe what Zenny said about Gabriel. “I’m not sure how to collect those, but I’m working on it. The thing is...” I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. It was becoming clear I would need to kill my sister to win and, if that’s what it took, I would. “If something happens to me—”
“Nothing will,” Ryden interrupted, wringing her hands. 
“I know, but if it does I need you to promise me something.”
“What?” She flew around with nervous worry. “I need some watermelon juice to calm my nerves. You shouldn’t talk like this.”
I held out my hand, hoping she would land. Thankfully, she did, but started pacing around my palm and up and down my fingers. It tickled. I smiled.
“Just promise me you’ll take this back to Abernathy. Can you do that?”
She stopped and put her hands on her hips. “You’re asking me to willfully enter the cave of that dragon?”
“If necessary.”
She took in a long, shuddering breath. “Fine, I’ll do it. But nothing, and I mean nothing better happen to you. Understand?”
I laughed. “I understand, my friend.”



… “You’ve got to get up. Spring is almost here. I don’t understand how you’re still sleeping after eighteen months. I brought you some of your bloodlust tea even though I know it’s a waste. I’d offer you my blood if I thought that would assist you in waking. Anything to help. 
“Even a kiss…
“I should’ve known kissing you wouldn’t do any good. I love you, Snow, but we both recognize our love is more along the lines of brother and sister than that of lovers. Oh well. I tried.” …

Chapter 7

Gabriel knocked on my door and walked in. He glanced at Ryden as he placed a light kiss on my lips. “I need to talk to you—alone.” 
“I was just leaving,” Ryden sniffed, rolling her eyes. 
After she was gone I asked, “What is it? Everything okay with you? You seem… out of sorts.” I studied his face, searching for a telltale sign that what Snow White and Zenny said was true. 
Gabriel grinned and my insides turned to mush. “Of course. I just wanted some alone time with you. Ryden is always around lately. Plus, I have a surprise.” He knelt in front of me, grabbing my hands and lifting his face. I planted a kiss on his glorious lips. Gabriel wrapped his fingers in my hair, deepening the kiss, entwining his tongue with mine. My body responded with a deep hum. No way could he be plotting against me. He said he loved me. 
After several long minutes, he pulled back, standing. “That wasn’t your surprise. Come on.” His eyes twinkled and I couldn’t resist. 
I followed him past the sitting room filled with uninteresting human vampires and down several sets of stairs to the cellar. 
Snow White seemed skittish. She kept ‘oh’ing and ‘ah’ing until I was ready to scream. 
The happy giddiness I’d felt from his kisses and the way he looked at me wore off, and a nervous anger replaced them. When we reached the cellar I said, “Is this necessary? What kind of surprise is down here?” 
“Trust me,” he smiled. 
Did I trust him? He’d never given me a reason not to. Always the perfect gentleman: kind, sweet, caring. He would never harm me. But the feeling, the one that told me to slaughter the deceiving bastard, kept getting stronger.  
The cellar held endless barrels of wine mixed with blood. The sweet aromas along with the smell of old wood and dry earth did little to settle my nerves. 
Maybe he’s got a new wine to show me? I thought, hoping that was it.
He didn’t stop when the wine barrels ended but continued down a damp corridor. Blue pixilette light lit the walls, giving Gabriel an odd hue. When we reached another door leading to another set of stairs going deeper into the earth, I stopped. 
“Seriously, Gabriel. What do you have to show me that would require us to go way down here? You know I’m not a fan of being this deep in the earth.” 
“Not too much further,” he said.
There’s still time to kill him, I thought, knowing I would if I had to. He was strong, but he was only a human vampire while I was an Original. I followed him, working to make my breathing and my steps sound confident, relaxed. But the odd feeling in my stomach grew.
We walked past the dried meats, kept to entertain our non-vampire guests, and arrived at another set of downward spiraling steps.   
 “I’m not going any further until you tell me what is going on,” I finally said, flexing my wings, preparing for whatever he might try to do. 
He stepped back to me, and kissed me intensely. I hadn’t expected that. My passion overtook all other emotions, and I clung to him, longing for all of him. He released my lips and gave me a sensuous look.
“You know we don’t have to go so far to hide our affections. My…” My head became foggy. I felt tired.
“Close your eyes, my Queen. It’s for the best.”
I did as he said because my lids were too heavy to do otherwise, but not before I noticed a wisp of malevolent evil cross his features.



… “Oh, man. I can’t believe Professor Pops and the guys talked me into this. They’re confident one of us is your true love. Remember those times we used to sleep out on the tramp? I’ve been thinking about that a lot lately. Even then I thought you were beautiful. And I do love you, but I’m not in love with you. In fact I’m in love with a girl by the name of Jaycee. Okay, she isn’t just a girl. She’s part chayot and I only met her through Gabe, but man, she takes my breath away. She’s strong, willful, kind of a total pain in the ass, but she’s also kind, giving. She’s awesome—”
“Stop whining like a baby and kiss her, Daniel. I’m next.”
“Salvatore, get out. This is my time with Snow.”
“Fine, but hurry up.”
“Okay, so here goes…”
“Yeah, nothing. But I’m not surprised. You know, I’m just going to say this. You don’t need some stupid dude to kiss you to wake up. You know that, right? I mean, sure, we all love you, but I hope you love yourself enough to know that you’re way better than all of us combined. This isn’t a fairytale, this is real life, and you’re way cooler than any princess from some animated movie. So do yourself a favor and wake the hell up.” … 

Chapter 8

I woke in a lazy fashion, remembering the way my body felt after my slumber at Devoran’s. Though I didn’t need it, I quickly understood the benefits. With a yawn I tried to sit up, but realized my hands were bound above my head. 
That’s when I remembered Gabriel. 
He’d kissed me, poisoned me somehow, and I was laying stomach down on a slab of sparkling granite. The ropes he’d bound my hands in were stronger than any material I’d ever encountered. I tried to lift my wings, knowing the edges could cut through anything, but my wings were bound tightly, as were my feet.
Lifting my arms, I turned my head, trying to locate Gabriel. 
“You’re awake,” he said, though his words sounded harsher than any I’d heard leave Gabriel’s mouth when he spoke to me. 
“How dare you tie me up? Release me this instant and I might let you live.”
“As Sharra’s personal assassin I wouldn’t be very good at my job if I freed you, now would I?”
Sharra’s assassin? 
Snow White was breathing heavily, hyperventilating. It’s happening. I can’t believe it’s happening. 
Her frantic panic calmed me for some reason.  
“You know the word assassin comes from the fact that to be one—an assassin—you have to be double the ass, right?”
Gabriel chuckled. “You always were quite clever.” He knelt so I could see his face. “Here’s how this is going to go. As per Sharra’s instructions, I’m going to kill you. But first, I’m going to torture you.”
Angry, I tried to yank myself out of the ties. “If Sharra wants to torture and kill me, then tell her to come down and do it herself. I want to see her face.”
“The torture is all me, Silindra. Sharra wanted me to end your life quickly, but how would that be any fun?”
I growled, tugging the ropes. 
“Don’t bother trying to escape. You’re secured with ropes dipped in dragon’s blood and sealed with the healing power of a unicorn. Only I can free you, and I never will. Know that.” He whipped the back of my legs with something sharp. I felt the ends cut into my thighs. 
“But why do you want to torture me? What did I do?”
“The torture is for all the times you rubbed your disgustingly hairy body against mine, put your rough, gigantic hands on me, and touched me in ways no man should be touched by an animal like you.”
I was shocked. My body didn’t possess a heart, but I felt something inside me break, shatter into a million pieces. “You-you never loved me?” I whispered. Obviously the answer was no, but I had to ask. It didn’t help that Snow White was crying.
“How could I love you? You’re a freak!” he shouted, whipping my legs again.
His words infuriated me. I was the first living magical creature. The way I looked, the way I acted, every part of me was precisely right. “You’re the freak!” I shouted. “You live only because the blood of a vampire flows in your veins. Don’t ever think you’re better than me. You’re nothing but a whipping boy, a slave to the real master. If not me, then my sister.” 
He hit my wings this time, and I felt whatever was on the ends tear into them. Then his face was next to mine. “You were born first. That is true. But that doesn’t make you better. It makes you old. It makes you inadequate. You refuse to see what is right in front of you. Evolution is the answer to eternal life. Instead of choosing to progress like the rest of the vampires, you stayed like this.” He yanked on my hair. “In an ugly, good for nothing body. You could’ve been so much more. Your sister wanted that for you. Now it’s too late.” 
I spit in his face. With the back of his hand, he wiped away my saliva. 
And began hacking off my wings. 
The cry that burst from my throat was a sound unlike any I’ve ever heard. There was pain, of course, but it was more than that. It was the knowledge that I would die, the last of my kind, and there was nothing I could do about it. 



… “Hey, girl. It’s me, Sebastian. Gosh, this is embarrassing. I’ve had a crush on you for the longest time. When Gabe said he was in love with you and that you two were going out, for the first time ever I wanted to fight one of my brothers—for real. Like literally kick his too-skinny butt. But then I saw the way you looked at him and I realized my feelings didn’t matter. You cared about Gabe, and I couldn’t stand in the way of you two. 
“Not any more. That jerk-face-no-good-wannabe-chayot-leader can shove it where the sun don’t shine. Besides, now that he’s dating Cindy he can’t say a word about how I feel toward you. 
“I love you, Snow. You hear me? And I know a few of the guys have tried to kiss you, so I figure, what the heck, I’m going to try it too.
“Snow, did you feel that? All the love I poured into my kiss? 
“I guess not. I’m such an idiot.” …

Chapter 9

Silindra, are you awake? I’m still here, inside. Silindra! It’s me, Snow White. Can you hear me?
I could hear her but, for the life of me, I couldn’t figure out what she was talking about. Who was she?
“I don’t get it,” I said. My mouth felt like it’d been stuffed with cloth. 
“There’s nothing to get, Silindra. Well, except I’m going to kill you now. Is there anything you’d like to say to me before I sever your ugly head from your dreadful body?” His face was next to mine, but my eyes were blurry. It looked like there were four of him, then two, then six. 
Tell him he needs to promise you something. Tell him he needs to place one of your tears in the gem, and then take it to Ryden. You hear me, Silindra? Tell him!
The strange voice was shouting inside my head, but I heard myself whisper the request. 
Gabriel laughed. “Sure, Silindra.” He yanked the gem from my neck and, pressing it against my cheek, he said, “Alright, vampire. Cry.”
I tried, I did, but the tears wouldn’t come. Until suddenly I heard the girl in my head sobbing. I’m so sorry, Silindra. I’m so sorry this had to happen to you. I’m sorry Gabriel didn’t truly love you. I’m sorry you were betrayed. 
Her tears reached my eyes, and I felt them pool. One dropped and landed on the gem. 
“There. There, Silindra. I’ll put you out of your misery.” He grabbed hold of my body and flipped me onto my back. I flinched as an agony tore through me. He raised a long blade over my neck and pressed slightly. A smiled formed on his wicked lips. “The last of the Originals—gone forever.”
From inside I felt the girl wrap her arms around me, as though she were trying to give me a hug. 
I’ll make everything right. Somehow I will. I promise. 
Her words brought a smile to my lips. I believed her. She would make everything all right. 
“Thank you,” I said. 
Gabriel flinched, but only for a second, before he lifted his sword and brought it down on my neck. 

Chapter 10

“I, Snow White, do solemnly swear to right the wrongs.” My eyes opened, and I stared into the surprised eyes of Dorian. 
The edges were crinkled with gladness, and he had a huge grin on his face. “I, Dorian, promise to help you right those wrongs in any way I can,” he said, his voice overflowing with happiness. His face hovered above mine, and I wondered if he’d kissed me. At the thought, I blushed and tried to sit up, conking my forehead into his. 
“Sorry,” I said, my throat scratchy. It seemed only seconds ago I’d been witnessing everything happening to Silindra, feeling her pain, suffering through her anguish. So many emotions dashed through my body. 
I was beyond glad to be back in my time and looking into the face of one of my favorite people in the whole world. But I was also sick inside at Silindra’s death, the lies and deceptions Sharra the Vampire Queen spewed, and I was determined, resolved to accept my destiny. With Silindra’s death came the knowledge that I was responsible for the fate of not just vampires, but all magical creatures. Kenmei was exactly right when he said the Seal of Gabriel was created for me. Did he know I’d actually assisted in its creation? That was highly unlikely. I felt bad for laughing in his face, though. 
“Hey, you okay?” Dorian asked, rubbing his forehead, his face etched with concern. 
“Better than okay. I’m back.” I smiled, patting his cheek with my hand. His warmth reminded me it’d been a long time since I had any blood. 
“I’m so glad you’re awake. I can’t wait to tell everyone.” 
Dorian turned to leave, but I grabbed his arm with one hand and felt for the gem. It wasn’t around my neck. “Wait,” I said, and he turned back. 
“Yeah? Did you need me to stick around?” 
“D-Did you kiss me just now? Right before I woke up?”
He smiled, showing off all his straight teeth and the dimple in one cheek. “Wouldn’t you like to know?” He brushed a thumb along my jaw line and I swallowed. My throat was parched. I needed blood.  
As though reading my mind, Dorian said, “Go ahead.” He tilted his neck my direction. 
“Holy crow, don’t make me fish-slap you,” I said, smacking a hand against his chest, but wow, I really wanted some. He smelled so good, like manly body wash and sandalwood. 
He laughed. “Fish-slap. That’s a good one. I like it better than the original.”
I smirked. My fingers curled into a fist in his gray polo shirt. “Why are you always offering me your blood? What’s the deal?”
A dark smile curved his lips. His was so close; his Scope and Mountain Dew breath made my eyelashes flutter. “I want your mouth against my neck. I want to feel my skin part when your fangs press into me.” His heart raced like a pack of wild horses. 
I shook my head. “You’re twisted, Dorian.” But I wound his shirt further around my fist. Blood sounded amazing. My throat burned with need and I licked my lips. “Are you sure you don’t mind?”
“Not at all.” 
“Then come closer,” I said, my throat screaming. 
He complied, pressing his neck against my mouth. I licked his vein and he shuddered. Parting my lips, I extended my fangs and bit down. His head rested on a pillow next to mine and his clean, slightly wet hair tickled my cheek. 
When I began sucking, his breath caught. “Snow, it feels… better than I imagined.” He wrapped his arms around me in a tight hug.
In response I sucked harder. His blood tasted sweet and sexy, like sugared oranges and milk chocolate. 
My mind automatically started counting while I drank. I hit ten. I didn’t want to stop, but I had no choice. Dorian was human. Withdrawing, I pushed him away gently. “Are you okay?” 
His eyes were glazed over and his skin looked pale. “I’m awesome,” he whispered, but climbed on the bed over my legs and let his body drop. “I’m just going to rest my eyes a minute before I tell everyone.”
“Sure. Go ahead.” I had to smile. He was adorable. 
“Hey, Snow,” he muttered, his voice soft and sensual. 
“Yeah?”
“I’ve missed you.”
With his words comprehension flooded my heart. I had been gone a long time. While my mind was with Silindra, my body stayed here. My dad, Professor Pops, Cindy, the guys—they all suffered because of what the Seal of Gabriel did.
What you did to yourself, my inner voice murmured.
It had been hard on me: experiencing Silindra’s life, watching events unfold that ended with her death. But how much harder had it been on them? My body lying here, unmoving. 
“I missed you…” Dorian let out a snuffling-snort. He lay on his stomach, one hand resting near his chin. He was sound asleep. “Too,” I finished, brushing wayward hair from his clean-shaven jaw. 
Satisfied he was okay, I took in my surroundings. The bed rested against a long wall, situated in the center between two bay windows. Large, comfortable-looking pillows in reds, blacks, grays, and whites were propped against each other along the window seat. A red chandelier hung from the center of the vaulted ceiling. The walls were a deep shade of red and pinstriped black. The curtains were billowy and white, as was the carpet and my bedding. Distressed black furniture and a white couch with thick black stripes complimented the room. It was lovely.
The nightgown I wore was white. Three pearl-shaped buttons held the gown closed at my neck. Next to one of the buttons was a drop of Dorian’s blood, perfectly round and red like the walls. 
I tried not to think about who took care of my body while my mind was away. 
Taking in a deep breath, I glanced at Dorian. My blood haze was already wearing off and I couldn’t help but feel a little guilty about drinking from him. Since the beginning he seemed more than willing to offer himself. In the past something or someone always stepped in the way. Not this time. And I had to admit his blood hummed through my veins in a way no one else’s had—including Gabe and Christopher. 
“What’s your deal, Dorian?” I asked him quietly, moving my hands through his hair. 
“Please tell me you didn’t kill him.”
Seven sets of eyes gawked at me from the doorway.
“He’s sleeping,” I said, hoping I didn’t appear too guilty. 
“Thank goodness,” Professor Pops said, walking toward the bed. That’s when I noticed the cake in his hands. Candles glowed in the white frosting.
“Dorian, wake your lazy ass up. Snow’s back,” Bart said, smiling. The other guys jumped, high-fived, and hooted around the room.
Dorian groaned. “I know, and it’s perfect because today’s her birthday.”
“No duh, doofus. We’re going to sing.”
“Care to join us?” Professor Pops asked. His gaze fell to the blood on my nightgown. I tried to cover it up, and he sighed. 
Dorian started singing, his voice muffled by the pillow his head rested on. The guys joined in.  
I couldn’t help but laugh. That meant I had been asleep two years. I had no doubt a lot changed. One thing hadn’t: my love for these eight amazing men. 
When they finished singing I blew out eighteen candles. Smoke twirled upward, writhing and winding like slow-moving dancers. Dorian rubbed at his face and moved to sit on the bed next to me. Professor Pops placed the cake on my lap and several of the guys sat on the bed. 
A sound like excited choking came from the door and I glanced up. 
My eyes caught hold of the brilliant hazel eyes of my Hunter.
“Christopher!”


To continue the story, read Blood and Snow 3:
Love Bleeds, Eye of Abernathy, Resolved to Rule, Vampire Ever After. 



Afterword

Thank you for reading Blood and Snow, volumes 5-8. In these volumes Snow becomes the monster, tries to tame it, and discovers why it isn’t as bad as she once believed. She also learns more about vampires and all fairy tale creatures.  
If you enjoyed it, please leave a review. It only takes a couple of minutes, but helps me out a great deal. 

Sincerely,
 
RaShelle Workman

The Blood and Snow World Order

Blood and Snow 
Revenant in Training
The Vampire Christopher
Blood Soaked Promises
Prey and Magic
Masquerade’s Moon
Seal of Gabriel
Telltale Kisses
Love Bleeds
Eye of Abernathy
Resolved to Rule
Vampire Ever After
Cindy Witch
The Hunter’s Tale
Gabriel
After the Kiss
The Cindy Chronicles
Vampire Lies 
A Beauty So Beastly



BLOOD AND SNOW Season Two
Vampire Lies (book 1)


Summary:

 Eyes like violet sapphires. Wings of smoldering fire. Consume your true love's blood. Become the Eternal Vampire. 

Once upon a time there lived a vampire with wings and a genie who loved her...

Born of the seven magics, Jasmine is different in every way, including the obnoxious wings on her back courtesy of the original Vampires. She wants to be normal, to be a regular teenaged girl.

When a gorgeous dark-haired boy named Laeddin shows up and promises to sneak her away from all her problems and hide her in the human world, she agrees. 

But an evil lurks in her nightmares, a man with red eyes. It doesn’t take long for Jasmine to realize that no matter how far she tries to run from who she is, he’s only a dream away. He wants her. He needs her. He acts as though he loves her. 

It’s becoming harder and harder to tell the difference between the path that’ll lead to her happily ever after, and the path that’ll lead to her destruction as well as all magic.

The Beastly Series

A Beauty So Beastly 


“For your vanity, your cruelty, and your cold unfeeling heart, a curse I leave upon you . . .” 

What happens if the beauty is also the beast? 

The stunning Beatrice Cavanaugh is considered American royalty. She has everything except the ability to love. Cursed on her eighteenth birthday, she becomes more beastly than ever, having a newfound craving for raw meat, and an undeniable yearning for the night. Bitterness is her only companion. 

After accusing a maid of stealing, a disgustingly kind and exquisitely handsome guy named Adam shows up asking Beatrice to drop the charges against his mother. 

Infuriated by his goodness, Beatrice vows to break him. Destroy him. Make him hurt the way she hurts. So she agrees. On one condition: Adam must take his mother’s place as a servant in the mansion. 

Because Beatrice won’t stop until he’s more beastly than she is.

Coming December 21st, 2014 is a brand new story.

Across the Ages

 

Ghosts are real. So is time travel.

Eighteen-year-old Lucy Channing discovers this reality after her dead grandmother gives her a beautiful locket. As soon as her fingers brush the cold copper, Lucy is swept out of the nineteenth century and into the twenty-first.

The first person she encounters is none other than twenty-year-old William Godwin. He’s uber-rich, arrogant, exciting, and oh so handsome. 

William agrees to help the strange girl find her way home. Or into the nearest mental institution.

But what the two uncover reveals more than ghosts and time travel. Lucy and William discover a love greater than time itself.

A love so strong it reaches... Across the Ages. 



About the Author



RaShelle Workman is the author of the popular Blood and Snow series. She loves to reinvent fairy tales teens and adults can sink their teeth into. Her stories include vampires, werewolves, witches, aliens, and creatures of her own creation. Her books: Sleeping Roses, Exiled, Beguiled, and Dovetailed have foreign rights contracts with a Turkish publisher. RaShelle is also one of the co-founders of Indie Recon LIVE. Currently, she lives in Utah with her husband, three children, and their three dogs. Find her on Amazon, her Blog, Twitter, Facebook, and/or Pinterest.

Contact Information

RaShelle Workman would love to hear from you.

 Send your questions or comments to: rashelleworkman@gmail.com
Website: www.rashelleworkman.com
Twitter: @RaShelleWorkman
Facebook: RaShelle Workman Author
Goodreads: RaShelle Workman

Don’t forget to join RaShelle’s EXCLUSIVE Mailing List.

