
Blood and Snow Season One

Available in this download:

Blood and Snow
Revenant in Training
The Vampire Christopher
Blood Soaked Promises

By:

RaShelle Workman


www.rashelleworkman.com
www.polishedpenpress.wordpress.com


This edition published by Polished Pen Press for Smashwords. 

Copyright Information

License Notes:
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. Copyright @2012 RaShelle Workman
Cover design by: Andrea Garcia http://www.andyg4rcia.com
Design copyright @2014 RaShelle Workman
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard word of this author.
All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or in part in any form by any electronic, mechanical or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system, is forbidden without the written consent of the author, RaShelle Workman, P.O. Box 1408 Bountiful, UT 84011.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the creation of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

This edition published by Polished Pen Press.

Praise for the Blood and Snow series:
“The modern twist on the Snow White fairy tale was interesting and original, which isn't easy to find these days. Highly recommended.” Sarra Cannon, bestselling author of the Peachville High Demons series
“This book will definitely suck you in (no pun intended) instantly.” Anthony
"BLOOD AND SNOW draws you in from the very beginning and never let's you go, only to leave you anticipating more! Loved it. Can't wait for volume 2." Debbie Davis from Debbie's Inkspectations
"This is a fun, smart, and sexy read!" Elizabeth Mueller, award winning YA author of Darkspell
“I definitely look forward to more, and recommend this to anyone who likes a fairy tale with a twist.” Kay Glass
“If you enjoy vampires and fractured fairy tales you'll enjoy these quick reads!” Laura Pauling, author of the Circle of Spies series 
“Best books that I have read!” Mercedez

Table of Contents


Blood and Snow
Revenant in Training
The Vampire Christopher
Blood Soaked Promises
Afterword
The Blood and Snow World Order
Immortal Essence Series
Across the Ages
Vampire Lies (Blood and Snow Season 2)
Contact Information
Copyright Information

Lips red as rubies, hair dark as night. Drink your true love’s blood, become the Vampire, Snow White.


Blood and Snow

Chapter 1

“I’ve had several seriously sexual daydreams about the new guy. Have you seen him?” 
“Cin, I didn’t need to know that.” I jammed my math book into my backpack and slammed the locker door. Cindy rested her petite frame against the locker next to mine. Her radiant baby blues twinkled. “No, I haven’t seen him. Apparently he’s . . . cute?” I asked.
She snorted. “Cute? No! He isn’t a kitten. He’s hot, sexier than hell, and has a voice that could melt chocolate.”
I had to laugh. Cindy has a way with words. It’d been like that since first grade. We met our first day of school. She’d traded me her Twinkie for my apple with the line, “I don’t think you should eat the apple, Snow White.” We’d been friends almost ten years. 
She was different than me in every way, except our blue eyes. She was the epitome of a waif, while I towered over her at five foot eight. She had blond hair that hung long and was always perfectly styled; mine was a boring dark brown and came to just below my ears. Her clothes were the latest fashion, as were her nails, makeup, and jewelry, including the heart shaped stud in her belly button. Me? Well, let’s just say I didn’t own any makeup, and my clothes consisted of baggy jeans and large old tee shirts thanks to my seven best friends and their hand-me-downs. My nails were stubby and my ears weren’t even pierced. Honestly, I wondered if Cin found me embarrassing sometimes, but I gave her points for sticking around. 
“Melt chocolate, huh? He sounds nice.”
“Snow!” She stomped her foot. “Nice isn’t even a proper word. It’s in the same arena as fine, good, okay, and pure.” She shuddered. 
“What’s wrong with pure?” I asked, unable to help a laugh, and started toward the gym. 
She jogged next to me. “Nothing if you’re Snow White.” A look of amused disgust sat on her face. 
I’d reached the girl’s locker room and pulled open the door. An immediate whiff of steamed perfume smacked my nose. 
Cindy followed me in and sat on a bench while I changed into my workout clothes. “I can’t believe your parents are still forcing you to participate in Track. Haven’t they seen you run?”
I huffed. “Rude!” But it was the truth. I ran like a herd of super klutzy elephants, or a drunken rhino. I wasn’t graceful or fast. It was just sad. Still, my dad and stepmother had agreed to buy me a laptop if I participated. I think they hoped I’d get some rhythm or become less bumbling if the coach showed me how to run. 
Both Coach Sorensen and I knew there wasn’t a snowball’s chance I’d become more agile anytime soon, but he understood why I tried so hard. “For the sake of a laptop I’ll let you stay on the team,” he’d said.  
So I went to every practice and every meet. I wasn’t going to stop until either something broke or I was carried off the field on a stretcher—and one or either scenario was inevitable. 
Sadly, my disgraceful running behavior had made me the brunt of several jokes. 
“Hide the dust bunnies, Snow’s on the loose. We don’t want her to fall.” 
“What’s the difference between Snow and a tree?” they’d ask. Answer: “A tree sways, Snow falls.” 
“What does a leaf and Snow have in common?” Answer: “They both fall.” 
“Why’d the chicken cross the road?” Answer: “Because he was afraid Snow would fall on him.” The jokes weren’t really funny or even that creative, but they were shared within earshot on a regular basis.
As if reading my mind, Cindy asked, “Want to hear the latest joke?”
I gave her the eye. Of course not.  
“It’s actually kind of fun-ny,” she said in her sing-song voice. 
I plopped down next to her and slid on my Keds. “Do I have a choice?”
“Snow? C’mon.” She smacked me playfully on my Day-Glo white knee. I couldn’t help but notice how sun-kissed and perfectly shaved her legs were compared to mine. I’d missed a spot or two—or three—in the shower this morning. 
Sighing, I nodded reluctantly and pulled up my tube socks.
 “What’s the only thing that runs worse than Snow White?” 
I double-knotted my shoelaces, waiting. 
“Come on, ask.”
“Fine. What?”
A strangled snicker escaped her glossed lips. “A snowman,” she said, laughing hysterically. “Get it? Snow man.”  
I forced a smile. “Yeah, that’s funny.” Standing, I slammed my locker with a little more oomph than I’d intended. The metal noise reverberated through the locker room. I wasn’t angry. No point. It was true. Running and me were like oil and water, or Nutella and battery acid; we didn’t mix. Still, I didn’t enjoy hearing the jokes very much. 
With my back to her I said, “I’ll see you later.”
“Hey, we still watching a movie tonight?” she asked, her voice pouty.
I turned back. It wasn’t my intention to hurt her feelings. She hadn’t come up with the joke, after all. She wouldn’t do that. “Of course. Want to meet at the regular spot around nine?”
A brilliant smile lit her up. “Yep, I’ll see you after my shift at Bertilini’s. Invite the guys if you want.”
The guys she referred to were my next-door neighbors. They were also my best friends. Their given names were Bart, Sebastian, Daniel, Dorian, Gabriel, Heathcliff, and Salvatore. They lived in a mansion with an old professor by the name of Adam Henry. I called him Professor Pops because that’s what the guys called him. He wasn’t their real father as far as genetics went, but I’d never seen a man love his sons more than Professor Pops loved his adopted boys. Sometimes I got a little jealous since my dad and stepmother were gone a lot—like right now. They were in St. Bart’s. 
“Cool. See ya.” I raised a hand in farewell and pushed open the door that led out onto the field.  
“Au revoir,” she returned, waving. 
I smiled to myself as I went outside. It seemed French was the latest foreign language class Cindy had decided to take. She’d already tried to learn Italian, Chinese, and Spanish. 
Chewing a nail, I headed down the stairs. One of my steps was too big and I started to fall forward. Stretching out my arms, I braced for the inevitable. I closed my eyes out of habit. There’d be skinned hands and knees along with some imbedded pavement rock in this episode. 
The fall never came, though. I realized someone held me. He or she smelled like sweat and spicy cologne: oranges and cinnamon, maybe. The chest felt taut and the hands seemed large. I was betting a guy. 
Slowly I peered through my lashes. Dazzling hazel eyes watched me. His lips turned up in a half smirk. 
“You should be more careful. That fall would’ve hurt.”
I blushed. Flopping around like a dying fish I tried to stand and smacked him in the mouth with my forehead. A drop of rosy red blood immediately formed on his bottom lip. 
He helped me stand and let go. I was surprised he didn’t bolt. 
“Sorry about that,” I said, studying his handsome features. His hair was a sandy blond and he was tanned. I absently noticed that he was at least six inches taller than me, which made my heart do an excited pitter, skippity-skip, pat.  
“It’s okay,” he said, a strange look on his face. I couldn’t figure it out, but I guessed it fell somewhere between abhorrence and shock. 
I touched his lip with my thumb and wiped the blood on my shorts. Yeah, not the sexiest of moves. “No, it isn’t. Really, is there anything I can do? Help you find the nurse? Get you an ice pack?” I guessed since I hadn’t seen him around before that he must be the new guy all the girls had been gossiping about. Not that I could blame them. Salem High School wasn’t very big and most of the families had lived here for generations, so a new student propelled the school into frenzy the way blood excited sharks. 
“Nah, I’ll be fine.” I noticed his black shorts hung low on his hips and, if it wasn’t for the white tank, I might’ve seen more than I’d bargained for. As it was I was able to see a lot. Muscles rippled down his arms. He had a trim waist and, by the looks of it, great-looking legs. 
I blushed brighter, guessing both cheeks were the color of radishes. 
“Okay.” I glanced at his running shoes. “Are you on the track team?”
“I hope so. Coach is having me try out.”
Oh, no. If he didn’t do well, it’d be my fault. “Good luck,” I said, looking up. 
“Thanks, but I don’t need luck.” He smiled showing two straight rows of white teeth. Reminded me of a toothpaste commercial. “You wanna watch me?”
“Yes, sure.” I couldn’t help but smile back. He didn’t seem upset or hurt. His lip didn’t even look swollen.
“I’m Chace Charming,” he said as we headed toward the field. 
I snickered and he gave me a sideways look. “It’s nice to meet you, Charming. My name is Snow White.” 
In one glance I realized he understood what I thought was funny. “What were our parents thinking? I’ve considered having my last name changed. But if you can deal with yours, I guess I can deal with mine.” 
“I know, right?”
I was glad Chace and I walked together because I tripped two more times before he led me to a bench, where I gave the coach a thumbs-up and happily sat for the duration of practice.

Chapter 2

I didn’t have my driver’s license yet. Two more months and then it was look out world, figuratively and literally. 
What I did have was an old purple Schwinn, which was what I rode to meet up with Cindy. The night air was muggy—the kind that made me wonder why I bothered to shower that day—and the sky sparkled with crisp stars and a full moon. 
The perfect night for magic, I thought only half wistfully and snorted. But I did live in Salem, Massachusetts, after all. If magic were going to happen anywhere, it’d be here.
Our regular spot was a movie rental place called Warehouse Video. Classic movie posters were plastered on the windows and a neon sign hung along the top. It actually said AREHOUSE VID thanks to several missing light bulbs, but I liked it that way. It was “our house.” 
The place probably would’ve closed up a long time ago, but the owner’s son got the brilliant idea to add a coffee shop. The inside reminded me of what I thought a seventies disco would look like, and it smelled like stale popcorn and frothy coffee. 
It was fantastic. At least I thought so. The adults? Not so much, which is probably why I loved it. Cindy and I had been coming here since we were twelve. 
Carefully getting off my bike I grabbed the bike chain, stuck it in between two spokes of my front tire, and locked the other end to a chipped green concrete post. The parking lot was full of cars and teens. I searched for Cindy or her blue Altima, but couldn’t see either. 
Gabe, one of my seven besties, was there though, leaning against his silver CRX. A flock of girls surrounded him. He must’ve said something funny because they started laughing. I smiled and shook my head. His eyes found mine and I sucked in a breath, stumbling backward. My hands and butt hit the pavement about the same time. Gabe was at my side immediately. 
“Jeez, Snowflake, if you wanted my attention all you had to do was wave. This falling all over yourself for me is unnecessary.” 
I heard his flippant tone and laughed. He was good at teasing me, the best of all the brothers—but I’d recently developed a crush on him somehow and I took everything he said way too personally. “Ha. Ha. Could you help me up, please?” 
He already had a hand around my waist and his other out for me to grab. A deep blush immediately spread over my face. I couldn’t look at him. If I did, I’d get a close up view of his gorgeous green eyes and his dark brown hair that curled slightly, perfectly, in a way that made me want to touch it, wrap my fingers in it. This whole crushing on my best friend really wasn’t working for me. I pulled my hand from his.
“Thanks, Gabe. But you better get back to your groupies, they’re getting impatient.” I moved away, trying to focus on the sting in my hands and not the strange tingle in my heart. 
He stopped me by pulling on the waist of my baggy jeans and forced me to turn and look at him. He stood an inch taller than me, so we were practically eye-to-eye. His green eyes were serious, searching. I looked away toward the girls still hanging out at his car. “I need to find Cindy.” 
He ignored my statement and asked, “Snowflake, are you okay? Let me see your hands.” He grabbed them and flipped them over. A couple of rocks were still embedded. Tenderly he brushed them away. Each place he touched created a buzz. I felt jittery, like I’d had one too many espresso shots.
I tried to pull my hands away but he held them firm. “I’m fine, Gabe,” I said, flustered, and made the mistake of glancing up. My breath hitched. 
“You’re constantly falling because of these clothes. If you’d wear something that fit instead of,” he paused and wrapped his fist in my blue American Eagle tee shirt, pulling me close, so close I could smell his cologne. It was my favorite, like clean sheets that’d been dried on a hot summer day. “This shirt used to be mine.” A wondrous smile ignited his lips and spread all the way to his eyes. “Actually, that’s kind of sexy.”
“Gabe, quit it.” I tried to pull away, knowing my face burned red hot. 
He wrapped his arms around my waist. His breath tickled my cheek, warm and delicious. It smelled like minty toothpaste. Pressing me closer, he said, “You aren’t always going to think of me as a brother. Someday, Snow. You’ll see me the way I see you.” He released me, stepped back, and walked away. “See ya, Snowflake.” 
I was shocked. Did he mean he had feelings for me? I really needed to talk to Cindy. 
Right on cue she tapped me on the shoulder and jumped in front of me. “So, are the guys coming over for the movie?”
I laughed. Cindy overflowed with bubbly happiness. “I don’t think so.” I snuck a peek at Gabe. He’d returned to his car and the flock of girls. They were laughing again. That was one of the reasons I was glad Cindy hadn’t dumped me for cooler friends. Sometimes I needed girl time. 
Her face fell. “Did you invite them?”
I grabbed her elbow and we walked into the video store together. “I did invite them, told them to meet at my house at ten-thirty. They might show.” I decided to change the subject. “Are you going to crash at my place tonight?”
“No, my parents are taking me to the Cape this weekend.”
It was my turn to frown. “How come you didn’t tell me?” I really needed to talk to her.
“I just found out, silly.” She smiled. “Besides I’m sure the guys will keep you company.”
I hid a sigh. There was no way I could talk to the guys about my feelings for their brother. That’d be… gross.
“Let’s find us a scary movie, something that’ll let me snuggle up with Gabe. I hope they show.” She swiveled around and I knew she was searching for Gabe because that was what I did. 
Abruptly my mind registered what she’d said. “Wait. What? Gabe, why Gabe?” There were six other brothers, all of them good looking. Besides, I thought she liked the new guy, Chace. “What about Chace?” I paused mid-stride. Her glossed lips pouted and her perfectly lined eyes got all dreamy. She looked like one of my stepmother’s figurines. 
Cindy headed toward the horror section and started browsing. She picked up a movie. I plucked it from her hands and put it back on the shelf. After several movie denials she said, in a hushed voice, “All the girls like Chace. Besides, I talked to him and . . .” she shrugged. “He isn’t for me.” 
I had a feeling Chace hadn’t gushed over her, which was what most guys did, including my guys, my best friends. 
“And Gabe,” she went on, “Well he’s totally gorgeous, and so sweet.” 
She’d noticed he was sweet. When? How? Had he done something to impress her recently? This was just not good.  
“How about S—” She held up the movie case.
I grabbed the movie from her well-manicured hand, cutting her off. “Please, no. Not Scream again. That movie is terrifying.” I shuddered. The first five minutes, with the girl hanging in the tree… ugh, it gave me the heebie jeebies. “What about a love story, like Titanic or The Lucky One? That one has Zac Efron, and I know you like Zac Efron.” 
She paused a moment, debating, then shook her head. “Not if the guys are coming. We need gory death, and sex, and gory deaths during sex.”
I groaned inwardly. Should I tell her I had a crush on Gabe too? Even as I thought about telling, I cringed. If Gabe knew Cindy was interested, there’d be no contest. I glanced sideways at her. She was wearing a baby blue mini skirt with a sleeveless white peasant shirt. On her feet were strappy silver sandals, which matched the thin silver bracelets on both of her tiny wrists. Her hair was down and curled to perfection. Her honey skin had that just-lotioned look. 
I glanced down at my black Converse, gripping my tee shirt the way Gabe had. He’d said it was sexy that I wore his old tee shirt. I seriously doubted that. 
It felt like something inside me deflated. Maybe if I told her how I felt... “Cin,” I started.
“Aha, this is the one.” She held up the case. 
“Okay.” I agreed without looking at it. 

Chapter 3

Gatsby, my gray rescue cat, snuggled next to me. He purred softly, like he didn’t have a single worry. I absently stroked his ears while I tried to block out the frightening images on the TV screen. Cindy hadn’t chosen Scream, but Urban Legends, another horror movie from the nineties. 
We weren’t sitting next to each other. I was sprawled out on the leather couch and Cin sat in the burgundy high back. She had a bowl of plain popcorn on her lap and a diet soda placed precariously on the brown-carpeted floor. 
The family living room was medium sized and outfitted with furniture that would be considered eclectic. Nothing matched, but it didn’t matter. The couch, chairs, end tables, coffee table, TV, lamps, and curio cabinets all seemed irrelevant in comparison to my stepmother’s Disney collection. 
On every surface stood, or hung, a statuette or painting. I’d counted once. There’d been over six hundred figurines placed around the house, and the number kept increasing. I mean, talk about extreme. 
Cindy thought it was funny. She especially loved the Cinderella figurines, probably because she looked identical to them. Young girls would stop her in the mall and ask if she was the real Cinderella. My stepmother agreed and even gave her a Cinderella figurine for a birthday. 
What was weird though? Out of all the figurines, paintings, pillows, dishtowels, and clocks, there wasn’t a single Snow White. There were several castings of the Seven Dwarves, the wicked Queen, the Prince, and even an apple, but no Snow White. I’d asked her about it once when I was eight and realized she was missing.  My stepmother said, “My darling, I don’t need a Snow White figurine because I have you.” At the time I thought it was sweet and tried to hug her, but now . . . I don’t know, it just seemed strange. 
“For goodness sake, Snow. Open your eyes. You’re going to miss the best part,” Cindy hollered, throwing a piece of popcorn at me.  
It smacked me in the forehead. I tried to glare. She giggled, which sent me into a laughing fit.
“There isn’t a best part in this movie. It’s icky and it makes me feel icky.” That was the truth, the reason I hated horror movies. I didn’t like how I felt while I watched them, and especially after. The movie was almost over. Cindy would leave, and then I’d be alone in my old, creaky house with only my cat for company.
“Are you kidding? Watch this. It’s classic.” She pointed at the screen as she talked with popcorn in her mouth. “Here it comes.”
I couldn’t and scrunched my eyes closed, wishing I had earplugs to block out the screaming, the spine-chilling music, and the terrible acting.
As I lay there, working to think about anything but the death and mayhem going on, something bizarre happened. An image popped into my head and began playing like a movie. I tried to shake it, but it was as though my brain had been hijacked. 
A man stood in the trees behind my house. I got the feeling he waited for me to do something. Several of the guys—Sebastian, Bart, Salvatore, Heathcliff, and Daniel—plowed out of my back door and wrestled each other as they trampled down the stairs. They laughed heartily. I followed along with Dorian, but Gabe wasn’t there. They were tossing something back and forth and I was trying to intercept it. 
Suddenly they all stopped and their faces turned grave. Sebastian had the thing I was trying to get in his hands. He and the others circled me. There was a coppery stench in the air and it made my mouth water. Sebastian opened his hand. The thing, whatever it was, beat rapidly, and blood dripped from his fingers. 
The guys began speaking together, their voices monotone: “Lips red as rubies, hair dark as night. Drink your true love’s blood; become the Vampire, Snow White.” 
“I want it.” Taking the bloody thing in Sebastian’s hand, I brought it to my lips. It beat faster and faster. 
In that moment I knew it was a heart, the heart of my true love, but that didn’t matter. Sinking my teeth into it I tasted the blood, felt it run down my throat. Like liquid pleasure. I shuddered. 
A cackle rang through the night and a profound darkness entered my body. 
“Now you are mine.”
I screamed, grabbing one of the Disney inspired decorative pillows from the couch, and covered my mouth. 
Startled, Cindy threw the popcorn bowl in the air. Fluffy kernels scattered everywhere. Gatsby gave me an evil eye, rose, and casually jumped off the couch. He sniffed a popcorn kernel before darting from the room.
“Merde,” she swore in French. “It isn’t that scary.” She skulked off her chair and started picking up the mess.
I crossed my arms, embarrassed. “Sorry,” I whispered, unable to stop the trembling in my limbs or the chattering of my teeth. 

Chapter 4

“Gatsby, c’mon, kitty-kitty,” I called quietly into the darkness and waited to hear the soft patter of his running feet. After five minutes he still hadn’t come. 
Obviously must be upset with me over the screaming fiasco, I thought, shutting the screen door but keeping watch. 
Cin had left already with a quick hug and a promise to call Sunday afternoon when she returned from the Cape. The guys hadn’t ever shown, and Gatsby didn’t seem to want my company. Stifling a shiver, I wrapped my arms around myself. I wasn’t cold so much as unsettled. The disturbing dream thing along with that horror movie had me all messed up. 
Unconsciously I searched the wooded area behind my house, checking between the low hanging branches that smelled of peppermint, their leaves soft as butterfly kisses. 
Would he be out there? The man who watched me in the dream?  
A noise like crunching leaves pulled my head in its direction. My heart beat fast like a thumping rabbit. Something moved. Opening the screen door, I stepped out onto the small terrace, hoping it was Gatsby. “Here kitty-kitty,” I called, hearing the strangled fear in my voice. 
The noise grew more intense. I’d let the screen door slam behind me, and now reached back, grabbing the handle. Opening it, I put a hand to my throat. 
If it is the man, what should I do? I won’t be safe in the house. I so needed a cell phone. 
I was about to turn when two guys stumbled out of the trees and fell onto the grass, laughing uproariously. A scream escaped my lips before I could stop it. I clamped a hand over my mouth, realizing it was just Salvatore and Bart. That’s what my eyes told me; the rest of me was frozen in fear. I wanted to laugh with them. They’d only been teasing; it’s what they did. I’d done it to them on more than one occasion: snuck into their yard and scared them. 
“You should see your face,” Salvatore said, rising and coming toward me. “I should’ve taken a picture.” Tears were streaming down his face from laughing so hard. Bart was in a similar state. I still couldn’t move. 
In the dream Salvatore had been holding the bloody heart, the heart of my true love. The brothers had been tossing it around like a football. And I’d tasted it. The remembered feeling of pleasure washed through me.  
“How-how could you?” I stammered, tears filling my eyes and streaming down my cheeks. “You know I’m all alone. You could’ve been a psychotic murderer.” I rushed into the house, letting the screen door bang behind me.
I’d seen their stricken faces and knew they hadn’t meant to do any harm, but I couldn’t act rationally. Sobs wracked my body and snot dripped from my nose. I ran up the stairs, past my parent’s unused bedroom and the bathroom and finally stopped at my room. Flinging open the door, I launched myself onto the bed and buried my head in my purple pillows. 
A gigantic meltdown was coming. The dream had started it and the guys scaring me ignited it. Now there’d be no stopping it. 
All my sadness, my loneliness, my pent up hurts and fears seemed to crash into me. Wave after horrible wave . . . 
Why had my mother died? Why had my father remarried such a cold, uncaring woman? Why did they have to leave me alone all the time? Why did my dad choose her over me? Why was I such a dork? 
The questions went unanswered, probably always would. My life was what it was, and most of the time I accepted it, even enjoyed it. Right now was not one of those times. I’d fallen into my enormous chasm of hurt and allowed myself to sink in. 
“Hey, is there a pity party going on in here?” 
At the sound of his soft voice I stiffened. There was a thud, and then I felt the bed give as four soft paws jumped up.
“Gatsby invited me. I hope you don’t mind if I join you?” 
Two feelings swirled through my heart at once: relief and embarrassment.
Relief because I was glad he’d come and brought Gatsby so I wouldn’t be alone.
Embarrassment because I was a blubbering mess and he’d see me, and I’d never be able to look him in the face again.
 Casually wiping my eyes and nose on my pillowcase, I said, “Gabe, what are you doing here?”
The bed dipped as he sat. His warm skin so close to mine sent tingles through my belly.  
“I told you Gatsby invited me, and I never miss a pity party, especially not one thrown by my beautiful best friend, Snowflake.” There was laughter in his voice. He was trying to make me feel better, but that wasn’t the point of a pity party. You weren’t supposed feel better. It was about misery, and that’s what I wanted. Him saying I was beautiful just added to the many waves of hurt. It wasn’t true, and having him rub that in didn’t help. 
“Go away,” I said.
He answered by scooting closer, and I felt my body respond to his nearness. “I’ll go away when I know you’re feeling better. Professor Pops knows I’m here. He also has Salvatore and Bart on bathroom duty tomorrow. He wanted me to be sure to tell you that.”
“Huh,” was all I could utter, though I had to smile. “Serves them right.” I sniffled. 
He shifted his weight and pushed me over slightly, then I felt something fall over me. It was the quilt my mother made. Tears filled my eyes again and I squeezed them shut. 
“Now, I’m just going to lie down next to you until you fall asleep. I’ve already locked up the house, but I’ll lock the back door when I leave, okay?” I heard Gatsby growl, and the thud when Gabe dropped him to the floor. The bed shifted as he got comfortable. 
Then there was only breathing. 
He meant it. Gabe was just going to lie there with me. I took a deep breath and relaxed. It reminded me of our overnighters when we were younger, sleeping out on the trampoline in our sleeping bags. The seven of them and I all started out at normal distances from each other, but by morning we’d all slid into the middle, a pajama-clad mash up of arms and legs. 
I’d always been the first to wake up and I’d lie there, listening to them breathing, and wish that was how we could be every night. Me and my brothers, sleeping under the stars. 
But my stepmother had pointed out that they weren’t really my brothers. They were boys, and all boys only had one thing on the brain. By the time we turned ten, the sleepovers had ended. 
After a while, I fell asleep. 
In my dreams there were arms wrapped protectively around me, my back tucked against his chest, legs intertwined.  I heard a whisper. “Snow, my Snow. You aren’t alone.”
My heart soared with happiness in the dream and I whispered back, “Gabe, don’t leave me.” 
“Never, Snowflake.”

Chapter 5

The sun peeked through my sheer purple bedroom curtains, its brightness burning my eyes. I was on my side, facing my alarm clock, which said seven o’clock. Solid breathing came from behind, tickling my neck. A weight pressed against my hip—Gabe’s arm. All that had happened last night came crashing back, and he was still there, in my bed with me. I held my breath and slowly rolled onto my back. Gabe shifted. A smile curled his lips.
“It’s a bit early for a Saturday, Snowflake.” His words were low, heavy with sleep. 
Sexy, my mind uttered, and my heart responded by beating rapidly. 
Before I could give him a comeback, my nose registered the sultry smell of bacon. 
“Someone’s cooking,” I whispered. 
“Do you think it’s the psychotic murderer? He’s going to feed us before he slays us?” he asked, mischievous.
I punched him in the arm. “You heard me last night?”
“Snowflake, I think the whole town heard you.” He opened his eyes then. Two beautiful pools of green searched my face, lingering on my lips before focusing on my eyes. My face bloomed red and I looked away. “I love it when you blush.”
“You do?” I couldn’t believe he’d stayed and we were lying next to each other . All night. Did he like me? What about Cindy? Should I tell him she had a thing for him? His hand rested on my stomach and I wondered if he could feel the electricity buzzing beneath. 
“Snowflake, I do.” He rolled onto his side and I did the same, his fingers creating goose bumps as they moved back to my hip. Our noses practically touched, and I suddenly worried about morning breath. I hadn’t brushed my teeth. I turned in my lips, pressing them together. He started laughing. “What are you doing?”
Cupping a hand over my mouth, I said, “I haven’t brushed my teeth.”
He pulled my hand away. “Don’t care.”
Finally finding a snappy comeback, I replied, “Yeah, but what about your morning breath? It might singe my eyelashes.”
He laughed and rolled off the bed. “You have a point. Let’s go see what the psychotic murderer is cooking along with that bacon.”
I grinned, thankful and disappointed that the moment had ended. “I’ll be down in a minute.”
He raised his eyebrows in question and I glanced in the direction of my bathroom. “Ah,” was all he said as he went to the door. 
A bolt of agony shot through my heart. I didn’t want him to leave. I’d clung to him in my dreams last night. Awake, I realized I didn’t want to stop. I needed him, with his incessant playfulness and thoughtfulness. On top of that, well, he was hot. “Gabe,” I called, hearing the tremor in my voice.
He turned back, concerned. “Yeah, Snowflake?”
“Thank you.” I looked down, unsure. My feelings for him were new, and a part of me wished I could go back to just being his best friend.
He walked around the bed to where I stood and gripped my tee shirt that used to be his in his hand, making a fist, pulling me to him. He lifted my chin with a finger but I kept my eyes down, focusing on his masculine hands that were big, but not too big.
“Are you going to be okay?”
  I nodded, unable to understand why tears stung my eyes. He pulled me into his arms and I reciprocated with a fervor I didn’t know I possessed. Tucking my face in his neck, I held on as though my life depended on it. 
We stayed that way a long time, until I heard snickering from the doorway. 
“Professor Pops wanted me to tell you both to come down for breakfast.” It was Bart. 
I cleared my throat. 
Gabe whispered, “Never, Snowflake.” And he gave me a pointed look. My heart leapt into my throat. Maybe last night’s words and the way he’d held me hadn’t been dreams. 
“Promise?” I examined his face, his eyes, to see if he was serious. 
In answer he kissed my cheek, and my whole body melted like butter. “Promise.”
“What are you two whispering about?” Bart asked, obviously a little uncomfortable. 
Gabe squeezed my hand and then walked over to Bart, slapping him upside his blond head. “None of your business, Towhead. Now move.” He pushed Bart out the doorway and followed him. 



After handling the necessities—change of clothes, brushed teeth and hair, and a bathroom break—I ran downstairs. All the guys were seated around the kitchen island and at the table. I couldn’t help but smile. Having the kitchen bursting with delicious smells and most of my favorite people filled me with total happiness. “Hi,” I said, sitting in the oak dining chair next to Dorian. The guys were piling their plates with waffles, eggs, and more eggs, and cantaloupe, and strawberries. Taking a plate, I scooped some of the fruit onto it. 
Professor Pops came over and plopped a waffle onto my plate. I looked up, grateful he’d done so much. “Thanks Professor, but I’m a vegan. No eggs or milk for me.” I grimaced, feeling bad, but I just couldn’t bring myself to eat anything meat or meat related. I picked up the waffle but Professor placed a hand over mine and patted. 
“I know all about it. These waffles were made without eggs, and I used soy milk instead of regular.”
“Oh,” I said, setting it back on my plate happily. Neither my dad nor my stepmother would’ve been so thoughtful. “Thank you.” 
His clear gray eyes twinkled and the skin around them scrunched as his smiled. “You’re welcome.”
The notion that he’d come over and cooked for me was incredible and another testament to the reasons I adored his sons. He’d raised them, after all. They were incredibly good, decent men because that’s the example Professor Pops set for them. I had to wonder how he and the guys had gotten in and where all the food came from. My refrigerator held soy yogurt, apples, raw almonds, and orange juice, and I had some whole-wheat pasta and tomato sauce in the pantry, but that was about it. I wasn’t going to ask him though. That would’ve been rude. Besides, I was too busy stuffing my face with fruit covered waffle. Gabe sat at the island, his back to me, so I didn’t get a chance to talk to him during breakfast. 
There’d been a lot of grunting and chewing going on after Sebastian uttered a quick prayer, but not much else. The food was divine. Afterward I helped Professor Pops clean up the kitchen. Salvatore and Bart had apologized, clearing the air. 
When it was just the two of us in the kitchen, Professor Pops filled the large kitchen sink with hot water and dish soap. A perfectly good stainless steel dishwasher had been installed next to the sink, but he wanted to hand wash the dishes. “You know, we could throw these in there.” I pointed at the dishwasher.
“True, but where’s the fun in that?” He wriggled his eyebrows, and I giggled. He handed me a plate. I dried it and placed it in the cupboard. 
 Casually he said, “Your sixteenth birthday is in two months.”
“It is,” I agreed.
 “Have you made any plans yet?” 
I stood beside him and took another plate he handed me. It was hot and I hurriedly dried it. “Not yet. My parents won’t be back from St. Bart’s, so I’m not sure.”
He didn’t say anything right away. I looked up. His jaw flexed and his eyes were scrunched as though he had to concentrate to wash the plate. 
Professor Pops had thick gray hair. He was tall and lean. I figured he’d probably been very handsome when he was younger. As it was, I’d say he was distinguished. He had on a pair of tan slacks, a red and white checkered button-up shirt, and a tan sweater with dark suede patches at the elbows. On his feet were loafers, and in his left breast pocket were silver wire-rimmed reading glasses. He was the epitome of what I believed a Professor of Religion should look like. Well, a professor of any kind, really. 
After I put away the dried plate, I came back for the next one. “It isn’t a big deal. Maybe I’ll invite the guys and Cindy over to watch a movie. That’ll be fun.” He blew out a breath and I deliberated if I’d made him mad. “Professor?” I asked tentatively. 
He dropped the plate in the soapy sink, letting it splash, and turned to me. Taking the towel in my hands, he dried off his and then placed it on the counter. “Snow, I know I’m not your father, but over the years I’ve come to look at you as an adoptive daughter. I’m very fond of you.” His eyes glowed and wrinkled as he spoke. 
“I know,” I said, my insides tingling with the sweet warmth of love. I was curious as to what he was getting at.
“I’ll call your father and stepmother,” the word came out like it’d been laced with acid, “and ask their permission of course, but if you’ll let me I’d like to throw you a birthday party at my place. Something big, grand, something that declares to the world what an amazing young woman you are.” At the last part he squeezed my shoulders affectionately. 
Unbidden tears crept into my eyes and I quickly wiped them away. What was up with me? “You don’t have to,” I said. 
“I would be honored if you’d allow me to. This old man hasn’t ever had the chance to throw an extravagant birthday party. All the boys ever want is pizza and some sort of activity.”
“An activity sounds great,” I inserted hurriedly. I didn’t want him to have to go to all the trouble.
“No, please. Let me do this. May I?” He took one of my hands and held it between his. They were soft and warm. 
“Okay,” I said, a little shyly. 
“Excellent.” He patted my hand. “Now, about Gabe.”
I swallowed a lump I hadn’t known existed in my throat. “Gabe?” I squeaked out.
“Yes.” He nudged me over to the table and we both sat. “The boy—”
The whole group forced their way into the kitchen and one of the guys cleared his throat, interrupting whatever Professor Pops had been about to say. 
Dorian spoke. “We were wondering if we could take the train into Boston.”
Professor Pops patted my hand and stood. “That sounds intriguing.” He looked from Salvatore to Bart. “Bathrooms clean, first. Then you may go. Just be home before midnight.” He handed Dorian some money he’d pulled from the wallet in his back pocket. “You have your cells if there’s an emergency?” They all nodded, and I hid a smile behind my hand. They were men; the two youngest were Gabe and Dorian, and they were both seventeen. Four would be graduating from high school this year, but they knew Professor Pops cared for them a great deal and would never intentionally disrespect him. A twinge of longing surged through me. 
Gabe walked over and asked, “Want to come, Snowflake?”
The guys all added their assent. I searched Gabe’s face. Did he really want me to tag along? It seemed that he did. “Sure. Sounds fun.” The brothers took off, leaving Professor Pops and I alone. I wanted to bring up Gabe and ask him what he was going to say, but I couldn’t figure out a way.

Chapter 6

After showering and blow-drying my short hair I searched for an outfit that wouldn’t embarrass the guys. It frustrated me to realize I cared, and it was all Gabe’s fault. Before last night—before his words, and his kindness, and his snuggling with me without trying anything, and his kiss on my cheek—before any of that, I hadn’t given what I wore a second thought. I threw on any old pair of jeans and any old tee shirt. Not even the gorgeous Cindy Croswell and all of her helpful hints had done any good. 
It. Was. Gabe. 
He’d said I was sexy and he’d made me feel sexy, so I wanted to be sexy. 
“Ugh, I’m a dork,” I hollered at myself, throwing on a pair of baggy faded jeans and a vintage Def Leppard t-shirt. At least the sleeves were a light blue that matched my eyes. That seemed girly. I didn’t have makeup but I did have Cherry Chap Stick. I applied some to my lips after brushing my teeth again and fluffed my hair a little. “Cindy would be so proud,” I mocked my reflection in the mirror. Adding a pair of black Converse and a black leather belt, I grabbed my wallet and headed next door to Adam Henry’s house. 
Calling Professor Pops’ house a house—well, it was a downright lie. The thing was a sprawling mansion. An acre of land separated my house from his, but the mansion sat on ten acres. The amenities included a tennis court, a basketball court, a heated swimming pool that could be indoor or outdoor, a three-hole golf course, and a putting green, plus the house. 
I dinged the bell and waited. You’d think a butler would answer the door, but no. It was Salvatore. His shiny black hair was wet and pulled into a tiny ponytail. 
“Rockin’ the pirate look I see,” I said as I stepped into the foyer. 
Almond colored eyes registered shock, as did his gasp and the way he dramatically put his hand on his chest. I couldn’t help the laugh that started in my belly and bubbled into my throat. 
“Where’s your poofy shirt and pantaloons?” I asked, following him into the kitchen. He had on a getup similar to mine, baggy jeans and a vintage shirt. His tee shirt was black though, and had AC-DC across the chest. 
Pulling open a door on the large side-by-side stainless steel refrigerator he grabbed a Mountain Dew and popped the top. “You want one?”
“Um, duh,” I responded, to which he grinned and tossed me one. I flung up my hands in an effort to at least block the can, but a hand reached in front of me and grabbed the can from the air.
“Dude,” Dorian yelled. “Did you forget who this is?” he asked, pointing in my direction with a thumb.
I smacked him in the arm. “I totally had it.”
“Uh-huh, sure you did.” 
Dorian looked freshly showered too. His sandy hair was still wet and slicked back. He always dressed so nicely and today was no exception: a light green polo with dark jeans and a brown belt that matched his shoes. 
“You’re so pretty, Dorian.” I grabbed the can of soda from him and cracked it open. 
He smirked. “Don’t I know it.”
One by one the guys sauntered into the kitchen, each handsome in his own way, each dear to me. These guys were my family. I’d do anything for them and I knew the feeling was mutual. After last night’s freak out I figured the guys might act weird toward me, but it was same ol’ same ol’, and for that I was grateful. 
Gabe walked in last. He looked just as he always did—gorgeous brown hair, mischievous green eyes, olive skin, and a body of lean muscle—but everything was different too. Those arms held me last night. Those lips had kissed my cheek. He’d made me a promise, and as he walked toward me I knew he meant it. The closer he got the warmer my body became. Ignoring his brothers he placed a kiss on my cheek as though resealing the promise he’d made earlier. 
One of them—Sebastian, I think—did the whole fake cough thing and said, “Jerk.”
Gabe turned and responded, “Yeah, you’re just jealous. Get over it.” 
Jealous, I thought. No way. But as I scanned the faces of the brothers I realized something. Sure they were family, but we weren’t related and they saw me as potential, not a sister. How long had this been going on? Had I really been so oblivious? I knew I was turning red and I lowered my face, intently studying the Mountain Dew can. But I’m not even good looking, I thought, mortified. 
Heathcliff cleared his throat. “Let’s go. The train leaves in twenty minutes. Hopefully we’ll make it.” He grabbed a set of keys off a hook on the wall that said, coincidentally, KEYS. 
Eight of us in one car; this ought to be interesting. 
Turned out to be four of us in two cars. Heathcliff drove the red Audi and Salvatore drove the black Mercedes SUV. Gabe sat in the back with me and Dorian sat in the front next to Heathcliff. 
Heathcliff had been right. We made it, but not by much. As soon as we were in, the train pulled away. 
The ride into Boston was fun, but uneventful. There was one brief moment when I got the distinct impression someone was watching me. The little hairs on the back of my neck and on my arms stood up, and I got a sick feeling in the pit of my stomach. Trying to be nonchalant I searched for the cause, but didn’t notice anyone acting strange or, at least, not strange towards me. Shrugging it off, I listened to the guys and their interesting conversations on sports, cars, and women.

Chapter 7

There’s something magical about Boston. Puritans founded the city in 1630 so perhaps magic would be considered blasphemous, but that’s the word that comes to mind. After Salem, it was my favorite place. A hum, or a vibe, pulsed through the city, uniting its occupants. 
We started at Boston Common. Salvatore brought a Frisbee and we played for a while. The air was humid, hot. After an hour we were all sticky and in need of liquid refreshments. The eight of us went to Starbucks for a cold drink. 
After that we split up. Sebastian, Salvatore, Bart, and Daniel decided to get out of the heat and go see a movie. Heathcliff informed us Professor Pops had asked him to drop something off. It was all very secretive. Dorian, Gabe, and I said we’d keep him company. 
We took Tremont Street to State and decided to stop at the Faneuil Hall Market Place. It was packed with people and all sorts of shops, from clothing to jewelry to food to purses. The guys each bought themselves a slice of pizza which smelled so heavenly I almost rethought my food choices, but settled on a soy fruit smoothie. 
We purchased tickets to see a play contending for Broadway called Chasing Disaster later that night. It was a musical about the life of Sylvester Stallone. We didn’t think it had a shot in New York, but figured it’d be good for a laugh.  
The sun had begun to set, making the glass buildings glow as though they were on fire. Heathcliff led us into an alley that, at one point hundreds of years ago, had been a cow path. Sunlight dappled the brick buildings high above, but down near us darkness prevailed, as did the dank smell of rotting trash and fish.
I breathed through my mouth with little relief. 
“Where are we going, Heath?” Dorian asked, a hand over his nose.
Gabe shoved him. “You’re such a baby.” He glanced at me, worry creasing his forehead. “How are you handling this?” he whispered. 
I put a hand over my nose and mouth. “Gotta say Dorian has the right idea. The smell is awful.”
 Gabe nodded.
Heathcliff didn’t seem to be bothered by it. He kept looking from a piece of paper in his hand and side-to-side at the old doors almost hidden in the walls. The alley seemed to go on forever, and I wondered how much longer. 
Finally Heath stopped and scratched his head. “I think this is it.” He knocked and we waited. After several seconds a young Asian boy in navy shorts and a white tee shirt answered the door. He appraised us before asking in perfect English, “What do you want?”
I felt the hesitation in the brothers. They had their shoulders hunched except Heathcliff. He said, “Hello,” and gave the boy a smile. “Adam Henry asked me to bring something to Kenmei-sensei.”
The boy stepped back as though Heath had cursed. “One minute.” The door slammed and there was high-pitched shouting in Japanese. 
After several more minutes an elderly Asian man opened the door. He wore clothes similar to Professor Pops. With a slight bow he said, “Adam Henry has something for me?”
Heath, Dorian, Gabe, and I returned the bow. Professor Pops had been teaching the boys about different cultures since they were little. Sometimes he’d teach me, too, and for that reason I knew that it was a sign of respect to return the old man’s bow. 
Heath pulled a folded paper from his back pocket. “Are you Kenmei-sensei?”
A smile ignited the man’s face. “Hai.”
Heath handed him the paper. “This is for you, then.”
With slightly shaking hands, Kenmei took the paper and unfolded it. He searched whatever was on it. 
The four of us shuffled back and forth, waiting patiently, but I thought I’d gag if I had to stay in the alley much longer. The smell was more than atrocious. 
Minutes later Kenmei looked at Heath and then set his gaze on Dorian and Gabe before his eyes finally rested on me. A prickling fear surged along my spine. Looking into his dark eyes was like looking into the Universe. If anyone asked, I would swear I saw stars and planets rotating within. 
“You are not one of Adam Henry’s sons.” It wasn’t a question, but a statement. 
I shook my head, placing my hands behind my back in fists. “No, I’m just a friend of the family.”
“A good friend,” he added.
“Yes,” I agreed, working to keep the overbearing fear crawling along my appendages in check. His stare wearied me and I turned away, checking out my feet, realizing I stood in a puddle of murky yellow water. Shifting, I moved closer to Gabe. He placed a hand at the small of my back and I relaxed. 
With a slight nod he said, “Adam is expecting an answer. Won’t the four of you come in? My grandson, Hiro-san, will make you some tea.”
Heathcliff answered as though he’d been holding his breath. “We’d love to.”
“Excellent.” Kenmei stepped away from the door and put out a welcoming hand. “Please, come in.”
Hiro barked, “Take off your shoes.”
After the four of us had stepped in, Hiro closed the door. 
“I’ll be right back.” To Hiro, Kenmei said, “Show them into the dining room and get them some tea.” 
Hiro bowed. “Yes, Grandfather.”
Kenmei shuffled down a long hall. 
I rolled up my pant legs because the ends were wet and removed my shoes as I waited for my eyes to adjust to the dimly lit room. It’d been dark outside, but for some reason it seemed darker in here. I could make out that Gabe and the others were removing their shoes as well. When I finished, I stood. 
Hiro said, “Follow me, please, and don’t touch anything.” He shook his pointer finger at us slowly, but seemed to be looking directly at me.
Did I have “klutzy” stamped across my forehead? Probably, I answered myself with a sigh. 
I followed the boy. Gabe and the others followed me. We seemed to be taking the same route Kenmei had gone. It looked like the only way to get anywhere. The floor was covered in plush Oriental carpet, the design intricate. The walls were covered in cream paint. Lights ran along the ceiling, but elaborately painted lamps covered them, which was why the room emitted only a slight reddish glow. Pictures of ancient-looking people, water dragons, and creatures that looked like they’d been pulled from nightmares hung randomly. The air smelled like incense, which was much nicer than the garbage stench outside. 
As we padded along I got the distinct impression I was being watched. Paranoid much? I berated myself. It was just that I was in a strange place. It was unnerving. 
Abruptly the hallway ended, and we had to either turn to the left or the right. Hiro led us to the right. Not too far after that, he stopped in front of double paper-looking doors. Sliding it opened, he ushered us in. 
The room looked like a dining room. A large onyx table sat majestically in the center. Ten black leather chairs surrounded it. In the middle of the table a rock and bamboo water fountain gurgled contentedly. Directly above it hung an enormous chandelier. I couldn’t see the ceiling, though. It just seemed to go up and up and up without end. That has to be a trick of the light, I thought. 
Hiro patted a chair at the head of the table and said, “You, girl. Sit here. The rest of you can find a spot. I’ll be right back.” Without another word, he left. 
We looked at each other and laughed. 
“That kid has more confidence in his little finger than most people have in their whole bodies,” Dorian said. 
We all agreed as we went to our seats. 
“I wonder why he wanted me to sit here?” I asked, cautiously pulling out the chair and sitting. 
“Probably because you’re cute,” Gabe said, and the others agreed. He winked at me. I blinked, unsure. Gabe shook his head, a half-smile on his lips. “Snowflake,” he uttered, grabbing my hand between his and massaging it. 
Heathcliff looked from me to Gabe. “What’s going on with you two? Are you a couple now?” He seemed irritated and I sat back, surprised. Gabe would have to answer this one, because I didn’t know either.
Gabe gave Heath a pointed stare. “You’ve known about my feelings for Snow for quite some time. It wasn’t until last night I had a suspicion she might feel the same way about me.”
His feelings, I thought. I was shocked, but worked to keep it hidden behind a blank face. 
Gabe continued, turning to Dorian. “You guys don’t have a problem with me asking out Snow, do you?”
Hey, what about me? As much as I was certain my feelings for Gabe were obvious, shouldn’t he have mentioned this to me first? 
Dorian shook his head. “It’s cool with me, man.”
Heathcliff turned his attention to me. “How do you feel about all of this? About you and Gabe?”
I blew out a breath. “I’m not sure,” I said, pulling my hand from Gabe’s and biting a nail. Of course I liked him, but this conversation didn’t sit right. Gabe’s green eyes penetrated mine. “I think we should talk alone, don’t you?” I asked in a whisper, though it echoed around the room. 
His eyes fell, and I wondered if I’d hurt his feelings. “You’re right,” he agreed. 
Hiro walked in with a silver tray that was almost as big as him. On it sat a white teapot and several cylinder-shaped cups. He set it down to my right. I watched as he poured the tea in four cups and handed one to each of us. “Drink,” he said. “Grandfather will be with you shortly.”
Then he was gone.
I picked up the cup and the others followed. I sniffed it, letting the steam hit my face, and it was then that I realized it was quite chilly in here. The tea smelled good, like peppermint. Carefully, I took a sip and swallowed. The heat hit the back of my throat and I felt it go all the way down to my stomach. Contentment fanned through my insides like the sun on a hot day. I took another sip, then set down the cup.
“Is that sugar?” Heathcliff asked. I opened the container and looked. 
“Sure is. You want some?” I picked up the white container and handed it to him. 
My eyes suddenly seemed to have lead on their lids. I struggled to keep them open. I watched Heath put one, then two, then three scoops of sugar in his tea. Dorian did the same. By the time Gabe reached for the sugar, my eyes had shut. 

Chapter 8

When I opened my eyes I immediately realized I wasn’t in the dining room any more, but lying on a satin-soaked bed. Thick, white curtains sealed me in like leftover spicy tofu in a takeout box. Sitting up, the slick red sheets fell into my lap and saw I wasn’t wearing my clothes anymore. Instead I had on a black silk nightgown with thin straps. 
What in the world? I thought, too bewildered to be nervous. I remembered I’d been tired. Perhaps the old man had put me to bed. But where were the guys? I needed to get out of here. Hopefully they were okay. We still had a musical to attend tonight.
“Gabe,” I called out, trying to find a separation in the curtains.
“Hello, Snow White.” It was a male voice, low and soft. It sounded familiar, but it wasn’t Gabe’s. 
“Who’s there?” A little more vigorously I ran my hands over the velvety softness, searching for an opening. 
I heard a click, and the room was blanketed in darkness.
“W-What’s going on?” My voice didn’t sound like my own. It’d raised an octave. 
This is what terror feels like, I told myself, standing up on the mattress, trying to pull the curtains from the frame. “Where’s Gabe? Where’s the old man?”
“Relax, beautiful. You’ve been chosen by her Highness, and the Queen always gets her way.”
Even freaked, I noticed a twinge of regret or remorse in his words. Focusing on that was pointless though. Escaping, getting out of there in one piece, that was priority number one. 
I’d moved from one side of the bed to the other, trying to get out. Without meaning to I stepped off the edge and between the curtains and the mattress. When my foot hit the floor a sharp pain zinged my knee, but I barely noticed. Swinging my other leg around, I placed it on the floor, scooted onto all fours, and climbed out of the curtains. 
Free! I let out a sob of relief, but quickly covered my mouth. If I couldn’t see, then maybe he couldn’t either. Wiping my eyes, I stuck my hands out in front of me, feeling for the wall, or a chair, or a door, and took a cautious step forward. My knee gave, and I whimpered. 
“This isn’t funny,” I said, my teeth chattering.  
A moment later, I bumped into something. It was pliable yet solid. Apprehensively I touched it, trying to figure out what it was. It wasn’t a door, or a chair. 
But a person. 
The face was unshaved, his hair soft and thick, shoulders broad and muscled. His chest was taut. When my mind realized what my hands were doing, I screamed and took a step backward. Strong hands grabbed me by the waist. 
“Snow,” he whispered. His breath brushed against my cheek and smelled of peppermint tea. A wave of relief washed over me. It had to be one of the brothers. 
“Who is this?” He hadn’t really sounded like Dorian, Heathcliff, or Gabe, but he’d kept his voice low so the possibility of it being one of them still existed. I reached up and touched his face with my hands. It wasn’t Gabe. Of that I was certain. Heath was tall, like this guy, but he didn’t have scruff on his face. Dorian was taller than them both and certainly as brawny.
“If you’re trying to tease me, I’m not laughing. I hurt my knee and I’m scared.” Another sob grabbed my throat, but I clamped it down. I hoped my honesty would reprimand him and he’d turn on the lights. 
“I’m not teasing. This is deadly serious.” His grasp on my waist shifted as he pulled me firmly against him with one arm. His other hand slid into my hair. With a firm yank he pulled my head back, exposing my neck. 
I sucked in my breath, preparing to scream. My eyes were adjusting to the darkness and I could see the red tinge in his eyes. They glowed the way the old man’s hallway had. 
“Who are you?” I asked again. 
He opened his mouth. I saw his white teeth, witnessed his canines grow. Without thinking I kneed him in the groin. 
A look of humorous surprise sprang into his eyes before burning anger replaced it. 
I felt his teeth sink into my neck, felt my skin part like a boat gliding through water. When he started to suck everything became hazy, like a dream. My body suddenly ached for his touch even as my mind revolted. I heard myself sigh and pushed my neck deeper into his mouth. He shuddered, and the pull of my blood from my body became stronger. 
Then there was darkness.

Chapter 9

I was being shaken. 
“Snow. Snow. Wake up.” 
With a jolt I shot back in my chair. My head had been resting on the table. My eyes were blurry. The light from the chandelier blared. All my thoughts were on the man with the glowing red eyes and the way he’d been drinking my blood. Yearning and revulsion swirled through my organs. A scream gurgled out, and I grabbed at my throat. 
“Are you okay?”
It was Gabe. Wiping my eyes, I scanned the room. Kenmei, Hiro, Heathcliff, Dorian, and Gabe stared at me with a mixture of apprehension and worry.
Standing, my chair shot out and knocked to the floor. “I am not okay. What’s going on?” I don’t know why, but I focused all of my anger on Kenmei. “Some psycho bit me,” I screamed, slamming my hands on the table. It shattered right down the middle. 
The guys stood as the table leaned toward them and the white cups slid to the floor. 
Kenmei bent and whispered something to Hiro. The boy nodded and ran off. 
Gabe put his hands out. “Snow, it’s okay.” He studied the table, dragging a hand through his gorgeous hair as though he were trying to come to grips with what’d just transpired. 
I shook my head, unable to rein in the burning anger. Loud pounding noises, like a hundred drummers banging the bass, sounded inside my head. The rhythm made my blood boil. I touched my neck in the place where the man had bitten. I could feel the raised scar tissue. 
“Aha!” It had really happened… somehow. That knowledge thrilled me in a strange, crazy way. 
“Look,” I said, grabbing Gabe’s hand and pressing his fingers to my neck. So close, I smelled his shampoo and his deodorant. Peppermint tea tinged his breath. I also smelled something else. It was fragrant, musky. Was it fear? Placing a hand on his chest I realized the banging bass in my brain was Gabe’s heart, and the other pounding was the beating of the others’ hearts. “Can you feel the scars?” I asked Gabe, trying to contain my need to shout.
He leaned away slightly, his gorgeous green eyes wide. “No.” He tried to look at my neck but I pushed him away, frustrated. “No. How can you not feel it? Where’s a mirror?”
Bowing slightly I stopped in front of Kenmei. Tilting my neck toward him I swallowed my overwhelming panic, brushed away tears, and fought my ferocious anger. “Do you see anything?” I asked through clenched teeth.
He shook his head. “No. I am sorry. But I sense supernatural magic surrounding you.”
I couldn’t push my wayward tears back any longer. Sinking in the chair Hiro had occupied, I whispered softly, “What’s happening to me?”
The little boy, Hiro, peeked around the corner. “Shiryo! Shiryo! Shiryo!” 
The word filled me with panic. “What’s that?”
Heathcliff, Dorian, and Gabe had come to stand behind me. I knew it because the rapid pounding of their hearts grew closer. 
Dorian spoke, “Shiryo. What does that mean?”
Kenmei gave Hiro a reproachful look. “Did you do as I asked?”
“Yes, Grandfather. Adam Henry is coming.”
Heathcliff sprang into action. “I’d better leave a message with the others that we might be a while.”
Kenmei dragged in a deep breath. “Shiryo is Japanese for ghost, spirit, soul, or revenant.” 
As he spoke the last word he looked directly at me. His explanation sunk deep into my veins. Revenant. I rolled the word over in my mind.
“What exactly is a revenant?” Gabe asked. His voice shook with emotion and I looked back. He smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes. Our short-lived romance was over before it’d begun. 
But he promised, I thought, agony crushing my heart. 
“After I tell you, you boys should head home. This may take a while.”
“We aren’t leaving her,” Dorian added. 
“I understand.” A sad smile lifted Kenmei’s lips. “A revenant is a changeling. Not quite human and not quite vampire.”
At that word—vampire—all hell broke loose. The guys started shouting simultaneously about lies and fairytales. I pulled my knees to my chest and put my forehead on my kneecaps. Tears dripped from my eyes onto my jeans. 
I’d let the brothers figure this one out. 

Chapter 10

I spent another hour in the chair hiding my face, barely listening to the conversation between Kenmei, Dorian, Heathcliff, Gabe, and Hiro. Professor Pops finally arrived along with the other four brothers. With his assurance that he’d fill them in later, he sent them home. Then Kenmei led Professor Pops and me into another room. It was small, more like a closet, with just an organized brown desk and three straight back chairs. 
Professor Pops patted my back kindly and said, “Tell us what happened, and don’t leave anything out.”
I relayed the events, including the embarrassing fact that I’d found pleasure in the guy biting me, sucking my blood. Professor Pops and Kenmei exchanged a knowing look.
“Do you understand what’s happened?” I asked Professor Pops.
He cleared his throat and studied his hands. His nervousness scared me worse than anything. “Snow, I’ve known for some time that you’d been chosen. I expected she would wait to send him after your sixteenth birthday. That’s normally when the first exchange happens.” He glanced at Kenmei. “I’d hoped, between Kenmei–sensei and I, we could find a way to keep it from occurring.” He blew out a breath. “We’ve failed.” 
“What does the bite mean? It did actually happen somehow, right? I didn’t dream it?”
“Yes, it happened. No, it wasn’t a dream. The Vampire Queen has very powerful magic. When the boys believed you were asleep, you’d actually gone into another realm. The Hunter, a drone vampire, bit you. He is special, also chosen by her. He’s been given the specific task of changing you into a vampire. Do you remember anything about what he looks like?”
I shook my head. “Only his red eyes.” Answering my questions only filled me with more. Who was this Queen? Why had I been chosen? And what did all of that mean?
Professor Pops gave me a meaningful look. “I can almost see the questions in your head. They will be answered. Of the upmost importance is for you to realize you’re changing, and you’ll be craving blood.”
“I see,” I said, not really seeing at all. I’d never liked meat. Never. At the thought of killing an innocent animal I winced in disgust, so the idea of craving blood seemed unimaginable. I also felt a wiggle of wanting. The beating of Professor Pops’ heart called to me like an indulgent song. Strange—I couldn’t hear Kenmei’s. Out of everything, that’s what I blurted. “Why can’t I hear his heart beating?” I pointed accusingly and immediately felt ashamed. Pointing was disrespectful. “Sorry, Kenmei-sensei.” I bowed my head. 
They both flinched in surprise. “You can already hear the beating of a heart?” Professor Pops asked. 
“Yes, I hear yours, but I don’t hear his.” I bobbed my head in Kenmei’s direction. 
“Kenmei-sensei’s heart no longer beats,” Professor Pops said seriously. 
“What? Why not?” I was stunned and discreetly pinched myself. My life had gone from normal, boring even, to supernatural. Overnight. 
“Your world, as you’ve known it, is about to be altered in the most extraordinary way. Now that it has begun there is no going back, I’m afraid.” Professor Pops touched my cheek with his thumb, stroking it. “I’d hoped it would never come to this, but I’ve prepared nonetheless.” He glanced at Kenmei.
“Are you ready to learn, Shiryo-san?”
“Okay.” That was all I could utter. I didn’t seem to have a choice.

Blood and Snow 2: Revenant in Training


Chapter 1

“You are a revenant,” I said to my reflection. Even she wasn’t buying it. I didn’t appear any different. It’d been two hours, seventeen minutes, and—I checked my watch—eight seconds since the guy with glowing red eyes sank his extra pointy canines into my throat. One hour, forty-five minutes, and twelve seconds since Professor Pops and Kenmei told me what being bitten meant. Was I worried I’d grow fangs and start shunning the light? A little bit. 
According to Kenmei, that wasn’t going to happen—at least, not in this phase. Over the next several weeks I’d gain strength, agility, and a penchant for blood. 
Yay, I thought sarcastically, gagging. 
Professor Pops and I were still at Kenmei’s. Little obnoxious Hiro had gone to bed. I didn’t feel tired, not really. From my expression, clearly I was in shock. No one could blame me. It wasn’t every night I was bitten and changed into a make-believe being, only apparently they—we—weren’t make-believe. Evidently revenants existed, as did vampires, fairies, unicorns, and… other creatures I’d rather not think about. 
I turned on the faucet in the bathroom, patted some water on my face. The cool temperature soothed.
“Snow, are you alright?” Professor Pops asked after knocking on the door lightly. 
I jumped. 
My first thought was, No! I’m freaked beyond my wildest imagination and I want to go home and hide under the covers. Out loud I said, “Yes, I’ll be out in a minute.”
I washed my hands and turned out the light. He waited for me on the other side. I knew because I heard the slightly accelerated beating of his heart. A twisting need rose in my throat, but I pushed the wanting down, the craving tolerable. Resting my hand on the knob, I turned slowly.
The first thing Kenmei had given me after the revenant revelation had been an herbal tea which consisted of Chapparral, Red Clover, Bloodroot, Mistletoe, Eye of Newt, Unicorn horn, and Fairy dust. It didn’t taste the best, but it was bearable. 
Professor Pops had explained I needed to drink the tea twice a day: once in the morning and once in the evening to control my bloodlust.  
I still had a hundred questions. The biggest: “Why me?” I asked as I opened the door. 
Pops stepped back, then cleared his throat. “Come and sit. Let’s talk.” A sea of guilt washed over his distinguished features but, before I said anything, he turned away. 
I followed him into the tiny office. A bowl of steaming rice and vegetables sat in front of my chair on the edge of the desk. “Is this for me?” I hoped so. My stomach growled with hunger. 
“Yes, Shiryo-san. I had my wife cook these up for you. I hope you’re hungry.” Kenmei’s fathomless eyes shone bright.
“Thank you.” I scooped up the bowl and ate with the fork provided. Its aroma had my mouth watering, but the flavors fell flat. After I’d finished I placed the empty bowl on the table, satiated but not satisfied. I also realized I’d eaten in silence and that Professor Pops and Kenmei watched me expectantly. My cheeks flushed.
“Sorry, were the two of you going to eat?” They didn’t have food in front of them. 
“No. We are curious as to how you’re feeling.” Professor Pops asked.
My face grew hotter. Did they want to know if I intended to jump them? Attack them for their blood? At the thought of blood, my mouth watered. I ignored it. “I’m fine,” I said to Professor Pops. Facing Kenmei, I added, “The food was wonderful. Please tell your wife I said, ‘thank you.’” I’d lied. The rice and vegetables had tasted like ash, but I had the distinct impression it wasn’t because of his wife’s cooking skills, more that my body had already begun to change.  
He nodded. “I will.”
“Now, let me answer your question,” Professor Pops said, crossing one of his long legs over the other.  
I peered at him, slightly confused.
“You asked why, why she chose you.”
“Oh, right. Yes.” I leaned back in the chair, and clamped my twitchy hands in my lap. 
“First a little history.”
“Okay,” I said, noting it’d become my word of the day.
“The Vampire Queen has been alive for thousands of years. By our best guess,” he eyed Kenmei, “we’d say more than seven thousand. Every thousand years she must change bodies. Regardless of, or because of, her immortal properties, like a snake that sheds its skin every year, she too must escape the old body in favor of a new healthier one.”
I shuddered at the thought of skin peeling away. 
Professor Pops continued, “When the Queen is within twenty years of her need to shed, she sends out drone vampires.”
I must have had a confused expression because he said, “Think about bees in a hive. There is one Queen over fifty thousand bees, and one out of every hundred is a worker. They are also female. Then there are the drones, which are the males. Their job,” he shifted uncomfortably, “is to mate with the Queen.”
My jaw dropped. 
“Within the hierarchy of the Vampire Queen’s hive, we know within her army are many, many more females. We also know the male drone vampire’s job is…” he trailed off, and cleared his throat before continuing, “slightly different.” 
“Correct,” Kenmei said, taking over.  “The drones are sent into the world searching for the most exquisite female humans. Once they find one, they mark her.” Professor Pops leaned close; his hands hovered near my right arm. 
Without him lifting my shirtsleeve I knew what he hoped to find. I had a dark birthmark near my shoulder in the shape of a star. It’d appeared around my fifth birthday. I’d been getting dressed one morning and believed the mark to be a bug at first. Worried, I’d shown my mother. She’d said it was nothing to worry about. “A kiss from magical fairies,” had been her answer. At the thought of my mother, tears gathered on my lashes.
“May I?” Pops asked. 
I pulled up the sleeve. “So a drone vampire marked me?” I heard the raw pain in my voice but pretended it didn’t matter and moved my shoulder so he and Kenmei saw it. 
“Yes,” Kenmei said, his face growing soft.  
“Why don’t I remember?” I let go of my sleeve and tucked my hands under my legs. Keeping my eyes down, I stared at my white tube socks—boy socks. 
“You were young, and the mark was most likely placed on you in your sleep,” Professor Pops said.
At his words, something clicked. “How do you know about all of this?” My stomach clenched. Was Professor Pops’ friendship only pretend? Was he somehow involved?
Kenmei answered by moving his shirt. Where his shoulder met his arm an evil-looking blade had been tattooed. 
“What does that mean?” I asked after looking and sitting back. My heart beat rapidly, which made me happy. I still had one. 
“When a drone vampire is chosen to be a Hunter by the Queen, she marks him with one of these.” He touched the blade hesitantly before covering it. 
“D-did you mark me? Are you the one who bit me?” I stood, jumped over the desk, and pulled open the door before I grasped what I’d done. Fear occupied my veins. 
“No, Shiryo-san.” 
Both Professor Pops and Kenmei rose in unison, as though their movements had been synchronized. Professor Pops had his arms out, a look of pleading on his face. 
“We were a part of the Queen’s hive many, many years ago, but we left. For me, it’s been over a thousand years. For Kenmei, almost six.”
My hand dropped from the handle. “Six thousand years? You’re so old.” I also remembered the man who’d bitten me was much taller than Kenmei, his body firmer, younger. The way he’d smelled—like Heaven, my mind whispered. I closed my eyes, trying to regain focus.  
He bowed. “Yes, Shiryo-san. I was the first Hunter. With my help the Queen transferred into a new body. With my help the Queen became the first Snow White, the fairytale child which is your namesake.” 

Chapter 2

“You’re saying that the Snow White from the movie was real?” I needed to sit before I fell. On rubbery legs I walked back over to my chair. 
“Yes, Shiryo-san. She was real and very beautiful, just as you are. Though the story was more of a Brothers Grimm tale, and even they were way off.”
It seemed strange to have others say I was beautiful. I didn’t think I was ugly, just plain. I looked down, studying some nonexistent lint on my jeans. After a few moments of silence, I asked, “Am I the only one the Vampire Queen is after?”
Kenmei smiled. “You are one of many. Hundreds. Adam Henry and I have made it our life’s mission to help the marked, the chosen.” 
“I am your Protector,” Professor Pops stated. 
I caught what Pops said but couldn’t fathom the meaning behind the words at the moment. Instead I fixated on what Kenmei had said. “There’s hundreds? She only needs one body. Why not just take mine or one of the others right away? What’s she waiting for?”
The two men looked at each other and something I didn’t understand passed between them. “A lot must happen for the body of a chosen one to be ready. Many will die,” Kenmei said. 
Professor Pops continued, “In order for the Vampire Queen’s magic to work, the revenant must drink the blood of her true love and consume his heart.”
The memory of my dream where I’d tasted the heart and its blood filled my mind. It’d been the heart of my true love. A warm hunger rushed through my body and I shuddered. Professor Pops noticed. 
“What is it, Snow?”
“I dreamt of a heart. Of drinking blood.”
Both men started. I somehow perceived their panic.
“Tell us everything. Leave nothing out,” Kenmei said.
I told them about the guys and that I’d known the heart had been that of my true love, but I hadn’t cared. When I finished they didn’t speak for what seemed like forever. Finally Professor Pops asked, “What did the boys chant?”
I thought a moment. “Lips red as rubies, hair dark as night. Drink your true love’s blood, become the Vampire, Snow White,” I repeated. As I said the words, a thick darkness filled the air. It was as though the Queen entered me.
“This is worse than we believed,” Professor Pops uttered. 
“Yes,” agreed Kenmei. “It seems she may have a distinct interest in this one. Perhaps it’s her name, or her beauty. I must admit, she does have something extra special.”
The tremor in my hands traveled into my arms and down my body. “Is there nothing we can do?”
Professor Pops patted my hand. “Yes, of course. But we’ve shared enough with you tonight. Let’s get you home.”
I wanted to yell, tell him I needed to know everything right then. I didn’t, though. He picked me up, tucking my head against his chest. Kenmei said something about the tea and he set my shoes on my lap. I thanked him and closed my eyes. 
When Professor Pops stepped into the alleyway, I recognized the odor. 
“Were you one of her Hunters too?” I whispered. 
“Yes, Snow, I was.”
A part of me wanted to be afraid, but I couldn’t. He’d been nothing but good to me. “Why did you leave?”
“The same reason Kenmei did. I fell in love with the girl I bit.” His voice sounded sad. 
“Does that happen a lot?” An idea or an impression wiggled its way into my mind. I tried to grab hold of it, understand it, but too much had happened. Too much information weighed on me. 
“Yes, it does.” 
I got the impression he wanted to say more. “What happened to the one you loved?” I asked, fearing the answer.
“She died.”
“I’m so sorry, Professor Pops.”
“As am I, Snow White. As am I.”
I fell asleep, the pounding of his heart, the warmth of his arms, and the movement as he walked making it too difficult to stay awake. 
When we stepped off the train, my strength vanished. Professor Pops led me to a waiting car. Though I didn’t see his face, I heard Gabe ask, “Will she be alright?” 
“I hope so. That’s what we’re here for.”

Chapter 3

When I woke my immediate reaction was anxiety. This isn’t my room, I thought. The bed was king-sized and made out of brushed pewter. The sheets were white as was the comforter and pillowcases. Everywhere else hung posters of the Patriot’s—Dorian’s favorite football team. For the briefest moment I wondered why Gabe hadn’t let me sleep in his room. Then he walked in, a mug of something steaming in his hand, and all thought left me. I focused on the emerald green of his eyes and his smile. 
“Hi,” he said, sitting on the bed next to me. 
Seeing his teeth made me think of morning breath, and the fact that I hadn’t brushed last night. Covering my mouth, I sat up and responded, “Hi back.” 
He laughed, and moved my hand. “So, you’re a revenant? How you handling the news?” He held out the mug, its steaming contents dark and uninviting.
Taking it, I pressed the cup to my lips and took a small sip, then said, “Yep, that’s me. Snow White, the revenant. And I’m handling the change,” I paused, gauging my real feelings. “Fine.” I shrugged. A part of me wanted to tell him everything, that I heard his heart thumping, the sound of it pumping blood through his veins, and how I longed to reach over and taste him. I didn’t. Instead I swallowed a large portion of bloodlust tea. 
“Good.” He pressed a quick kiss on my cheek. “You up to going to school?” Gabe asked, standing.
I searched for a clock, trying to hide the flush his warm lips touching my face caused. “Is it Monday already? Can I go to school? Isn’t Professor Pops afraid I’ll eat someone or something?”
Gabe laughed. “Drink your tea and you should be fine. That’s what Pops says.” He walked to the door. Before leaving, he added, “There are towels, and girly… stuff in Dorian’s bathroom, including some clean clothes.” He inclined his chin toward the open bathroom door. “Don’t freak out, but yes, the shirt I chose for you is pink and it’s in your size.”
I pulled back the covers and got out of bed. My socks had been removed, but I’d slept in my clothes. “Gee, thanks,” I said, throwing a pillow at him. It landed straight in his face and he fell, smacking his head against the wall with a thud. 
I gasped and ran over to him. “Gabe. Gabe. Can you hear me?” I grabbed his arms and shook. 
He groaned and his eyes blinked open. 
“Wow, I’m so sorry. Remind me never to throw a pillow again.”
“You’ve got some arm.” He sat up, massaging the tender area. His amplified heartbeat pounded like a drum in my ears. A delicious scent saturated his pores, like honey. Without meaning to, I leaned into his neck and drew a deep breath. His hands pressed against my shoulders, determinedly pushing me away. His expression was guarded. 
I shook my head. “Are you okay?” I asked, working to comprehend what I’d almost done. 
“Yep, all good.” He jumped up as if to show how good he was. “You mostly caught me off guard. But you’d better finish your tea.”
“Right.”
“Hurry, and get ready. Pops made breakfast.”
I nodded and closed the door.
In the bathroom I searched my reflection for changes. Opened my mouth and checked my teeth for needle sharp fangs. Flexed my muscles. They looked the same. “You’re still you,” I said, pulling off my shirt and turning on the hot water. 



After my shower I dressed rapidly. Gabe had picked out a pink shirt with GO GREEN across the chest. I liked it. I liked the jeans too. They sat low on my hips and draped baggy. What I had issues with were the cotton hot pink bra and undies. For one thing, they fit perfectly. Not that I had a lot going on up top. I was a good solid B cup. How would they know, though? Also, the undies were my style, except for the color. I usually wore white underneath everything. 
Do I want to know? The thought ran through my mind more than once, and I decided no, I definitely did not want to know. Some things were better left unsaid. 
After sliding on a pair of socks and my Converse, I brushed my hair and gathered my dirty clothes. From the back pocket of my jeans a piece of paper sailed to the floor. I bent and picked it up. Unfolding the letter, I read:

Dearest Snow,
You have been bitten by your Hunter and are now a revenant. 
Congratulations.
The strong survive, and only one will have the pleasure of becoming my new host.
Now is the time to play. Build up your strength. Enjoy all your new body has to offer. Find your true love. Get your fill of him physically, emotionally, spiritually, and then consume his heart. 
You must do so by your eighteenth birthday. I believe in you, Snow. You are passionate, and that is why I’ve chosen you. 
The sooner the better. 
Yours,
The Vampire Queen

My hands shook. The letter had been written by her, in—I sniffed the red ink and knew instantly—blood. Dread surged through me. She could be anywhere yet I knew nothing about her, not even what she looked like. 
Quickly I went downstairs, the letter still clutched in my hand. The aroma of toasted bread permeated, and I hurried into the kitchen. 
The guys were in varying degrees of feeding their faces, but when I walked in they all froze. 
I ran a hand through my still-wet hair. 
“What’s wrong?” Gabe came over immediately. I held out the note. 
“You guys aren’t playing tricks on me?” I tried to laugh. 
Gabe took the paper and read it. I watched the color drain from his face.
Professor Pops came over. From his shirt pocket he pulled his wire-framed glasses. Gabe handed him the letter. After reading, he set it on the counter, replaced his glasses in his pocket, and wiped a hand over his face. 
“Do all the marked receive a note from her after they’ve been bitten?” 
His face looked bleak. “In the past I’ve heard that more than one have received something similar. I must speak with the other Protectors.”
The brothers circulated the paper. Had I not been panicked to the point of passing out, I might’ve laughed. “How many Protectors are there? Are you all drone vampires who’ve left the Queen’s… hive?” I asked, focusing on Professor Pops’ navy button down shirt.
“There are several. Not all of us are Hunters. Some are Workers. Others are unusual creatures that know of the Queen. All of us have pledged to destroy the Vampire Queen.”
I tucked my hands in my back pockets and started pacing. “Can you, though? She’s been alive thousands years. You’ve been fighting against her for like, forever. What hope is there that you can accomplish this? I mean, really?” I felt bad for stating it so bluntly, but facts were facts. Might as well get them into the open. 
“You’re right, of course. The task seems bleak, but we believe we’ve figured out a way.”
“How do you plan to stop her?” Gabe asked, moving farther from me. I guessed he was rethinking his crush on me. The whole “consume his heart” line in the note was pretty disturbing, and then there was my dream. Gabe hadn’t been with his brothers. Was he my true love? At the thought, my heart beat faster. The blood had tasted better than anything I could imagine. My knees quaked, weak. 
“Yes, how do you plan to stop her?,” I repeated, forcing back the thoughts I’d been entertaining of tasting Gabe’s blood. 
Professor Pops regarded me. “You must receive true love’s first kiss.”
Gabe perked up. And I blushed. 
“So his heart will turn me into a vampire, and his kiss will, what?” I cleared my throat. 
Professor Pops said, “His kiss will free you, and you will once again become completely human.”
“Awesome,” Daniel shouted. He was usually so quiet, we were all stunned, and turned to gawk at him. “Well, it is.”
“Why don’t you eat something, Snow? The waffles are vegan.” He seemed distracted, plucking his reading glasses from his pocket and rereading the letter. 
I grabbed a waffle and took a bite. It tasted like paper. I knew what I wanted—blood. But that was out of the question. Angry, I shoved the rest of the waffle in my mouth and chewed. 
The brothers watched me. I was too upset to be embarrassed. After swallowing I said, “What? We’ve got to get to school.”
“Should she be going to school?” Heathcliff asked, his words hesitant. 
“Yes, yes. Go to school. Keep an eye on her.” Professor Pops waved in my direction. “After school, go to Track practice and then come here. I need to get your input on some birthday plans.” He glanced at me over his glasses, an incomprehensible look in them. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got to make a few calls.” He walked out of the kitchen without a backward glance.
“Birthday plans?” Dorian asked. 
I shrugged. “Professor Pops wants to throw me a birthday party here.” How could he still be considering my silly birthday? Did he expect me to go on with my life like nothing happened? 
“Whoa, your letter has Pops worked into quite a tizzy,” Salvatore said, sliding up to me. He grinned, and I guessed he wasn’t afraid. In fact, he wanted to kiss me. It was weird I could tell. It was pretty obvious, though. His focus rested on my lips. He licked his, moistening them. “In fact,” he continued, “I think this will be fun.” He placed his hands on my arms a little awkwardly.
“What are you doing, Salvatore?” I asked, snickering. This close, it was like I could taste his aftershave, the sweet syrup on his breath, and the fabric softener on his clothes. I didn’t want a kiss, but to sample him… I shuddered at where my mind headed. Ugh.  
He answered, “Well, if true love’s kiss will turn you back into a human, I say it’s our duty, our responsibility as your friends, to kiss you.”
Gabe shoved Salvatore. “Get away from her!” He breathed heavily. 
Salvatore waved. “I’ll catch you later, Snow.”
I laughed. At least he joked with me. 
Gabe headed toward the garage. “I’ll drive Snow.”
I regarded the guys. “Guess I’m getting a ride with Gabe.” 
They chuckled and each patted, slugged, or ruffled my hair. Absently I noticed each of them had a distinguishing scent, and it wasn’t their cologne. 
“See you at school,” Dorian said.
“Right, see ya.” I hurried after Gabe, doubting school was a good idea.

Chapter 4

On the way to my locker Gabe stopped and said, “I’ve got to get to class. See you at lunch.” He squeezed my hand and I squeezed back. A gnawing nervousness swelled as I watched him walk away. 
My first class was Chemistry and I was totally unprepared for the quiz on Matter. I also had an assignment due in Algebra II and verbs that needed conjugating for Spanish. While I emptied my backpack into my locker I made a mental promise to talk to my teachers about extra credit or a way to make up the work. 
“Bonjour, Snow. Where have you been?” Cindy asked, using the French word for ‘hello’ despite the ring of agitated irritation I detected in her words.
“Hey, Cin. Your French is coming along nicely,” I returned, wondering if she’d discern anything different about me. Closing my locker, I turned to face her annoyance, which I knew I deserved. 
She’d said she’d call me on Sunday when she got back from the Cape, but I hadn’t been home. When I’d picked up my backpack from home this morning, I noticed several messages flashing on our dinosaur of an answering machine. I gathered they were from her.
“Sorry. I—” I paused. Did I tell her? Professor Pops hadn’t said I should keep what happened to me a secret. But seriously, if I did she’d probably think I’d gone batty. “I spent the weekend over at Professor Pops with the guys.” I finished and started walking toward class. 
“Lucky,” she pouted. “I went to a party with my parents. Totally lame.” I watched her roll her eyes. 
She looked gorgeous as ever. Dark jeans, a sky blue, cashmere sweater. Strappy black wedge heels made her almost as tall as me and showed off her perfectly French pedicured toenails. Her hair had been pulled into a high ponytail and bobbed when she walked. 
I smelled our classroom way before we reached it, a combination of vinegar, sulfur, sugar, and sweat. The odor was strong and stung my nose. That, along with the hundreds of thunderous heartbeats and the scent of so much blood, might be the spark that caused me to sink my revenant teeth into someone. I just knew it. I ground my teeth, only half listening to Cin talk about the drama from the party over the weekend. 
When we entered class Cindy took a seat. We shared a table second row from the front and next to the wall full of windows. After dropping my backpack on the floor near my seat I propped a window open and dragged in a long, cleansing breath. 
“Snow, what are you doing?”
“Needed some fresh air is all,” I said, sitting on the stool next to her. 
Unzipping my bag I pulled out my notes, hoping I could do a quick review before Mr. Wallace passed out the quiz. 
“It’s cold. You should—” Cindy stopped, and her knee pressed into my thigh. “New guy,” she hissed.
“Really? He wasn’t here on Fri—” I lifted my eyes just as he stopped in front of me. 
“Hey, Snow. Is this seat taken?” He pointed to the chair in front of us, which was empty and had remained empty since Bobby Melville got sent to the principal’s office for burning his partner, Sammy Snells with acid and ended up expelled. 
I shook my head. “Hey, Charming. No. Go ahead.”
“Cool.” He sat and inclined his chin toward Cindy. “Hi, Cindy. Did you have fun at the Cape?”
I heard her swallow before answering, and was surprised. It shocked me to think of Cindy as nervous. I thought she said she wasn’t interested. 
“Oh, yeah. It was a blast,” she answered, twisting her ponytail around her hand. 
A light breeze blew in from the window. Thankful, I pulled in another large breath of air, and froze. My teeth, the ones Kenmei and Professor Pops said I wouldn’t need to worry about for a couple of weeks, extended into fangs and pricked the inside of my mouth. Electric butterflies danced in my stomach and my body yearned for blood—Chace’s blood. I felt my eyes grow wide in terror. 
“Snow?” Chace rolled his seat over, touching my arm. “Is everything alright?” He appeared concerned, as did Cindy.
“What’s the matter?” she asked, eyeing me with a look that said, please don’t embarrass me. 
I rose, and muttered under my hand. “I’ve got to go.” I grabbed my backpack and dashed from the room, knocking into Mr. Wallace. Mumbling a quick “Sorry,” I ran. 
The hallway was mostly empty. Only a few stray students rushed, the same as me. I dashed into the nearest girl’s bathroom, locked myself in a stall, and dropped my bag. With a ragged sigh, I leaned my forehead against the door. Tears leaked onto my cheeks. I closed my eyes, letting them fall.

Chapter 5

 “Snow.” My name seemed to be threaded within the wind.
Upon opening my eyes, I witnessed what my body had already confirmed. I was no longer in the girl’s bathroom, but in a lush forest. The sun shone bright. This time I knew I’d entered another realm and that I’d been brought because of the Vampire Queen’s magic. 
Would I meet her this time? There was so much I didn’t comprehend. I slowly turned in a circle, taking in my surroundings, and noticed I wasn’t wearing my jeans and tee shirt any longer, but a deep red cotton dress. The sleeves were short and lined in black ribbing, as was the round, scooped collar, and the dress’s hem went to my knees. My feet were bare.
It surprised me I wasn’t afraid. I was bitten in this realm. The Hunter took my blood and turned me into a revenant, so fear should’ve been what I felt. 
“Hello,” I murmured, carefully stepping over a boulder, moving in the direction of a babbling brook. As I walked, I sensed a presence: The Hunter’s. That knowledge didn’t frighten me either. Instead, an excited anticipation filled my stomach with butterflies. I bit my lip. 
“Where are you?” 
The scenery seemed to shimmer in the early morning light. Dew drops glistened on bright green leaves and spongy moss. The air flourished, fragrant with flowers in lavender, rose, butter, and blue. They bloomed in abundance. Chipmunks, rabbits, and deer examined me. Their ears perked and their noses wiggled, sniffing for danger. 
“It’s been too long since I’ve savored you.” Each of his words came out laced with longing and sent jolts through my veins. 
“Let me see you.” I remembered the way I’d felt when he drank from me and I trembled. 
He stepped from behind a large tree. A thick, brown hood shaded his face, so all I saw were his glowing red eyes. He wore a brown leather vest that enhanced his broad shoulders, rippling biceps, and trim waist. His pants were made of cloth, and hung low on his hips, a leather belt keeping them secured. A large knife sat in a sheath and was attached to his belt. Dark brown boots covered his feet. 
At the sight of him my body tensed: not in fear, but desire. I wanted his arms around me. I wanted his lips on my neck, his mouth drinking… “What is your name, Hunter?” I asked, my voice shaking with need.
“Here I am called Christopher,” he replied gruffly. He stepped away from the tree and into the sunlight. I still couldn’t see his face. 
“If you’re a vampire, why doesn’t the sun burn you?” I asked, curious. My hunger for his blood seared so strong, it took every ounce of effort I possessed not to attack him. 
“The Queen’s magic is very powerful. I have no fear of the sun.” Another step. 
I took another, our steps like a dance, a deadly dance, one I didn’t want to win. If I reached out my hands I would’ve touched him, but I didn’t. He smelled earthy, like clover and honey. 
“Are you going to bite me again?” The words left my mouth and I instantly knew I wanted him to. 
“I will if that is what you desire.” He sounded so calm, but his heart raced. Another step. Our bodies practically touched, but we kept our hands to our sides.
“If you’re a vampire, why does your heart beat?” I asked, startled.
“More of the Queen’s magic,” he replied, his words like a soft gust against my face. 
“Can I bite you?” I’d blurted the question before my brain had time to filter it. That was my deepest desire.
At my request, he raised his head. I squinted, trying to see his face. Still, all I saw were his eyes, and they appeared shocked. 
“Yes,” he said, in a voice that quivered. 
I slipped my hands into his hood and touched his neck, felt his quickening pulse. He lifted me so my fangs were parallel to his neck. I wrapped my legs around his hips, surprised by my forwardness. 
“Wait,” he said huskily. 
I opened my mouth and allowed my fangs to extend. 
He walked backward until his back pressed against a tree, then he slid down so he rested at its base. I readjusted, tilting his neck toward me. He was so warm, his skin soft, like the supple leather vest he wore. “Christopher.” 
He had his hands in my hair, his body asking, the way mine had the other night. “Are you sure you want to do this?”
His question brought me up short. “Is that bad?” 
“No.” He sounded pained. 
My fangs retracted some. “Why can’t I see your face? Do I know you?”
“If you drink from me I can show myself; otherwise the Queen’s magic won’t allow it.” I caught the tone, the pleading. Physically he desired me, but there was a hesitation, almost an insistence that I wouldn’t. 
I wavered, my fangs deciding what course I’d take.
He sucked in his breath, and pulled me to him. His lips claimed mine. I allowed it, and returned his kiss with fervor. My lips parted at his soft, insistent movement. It was my first real kiss, and if I could’ve popped a foot, I would have. As it was I sighed, pressing my body into his firm chest.
He groaned, and said my name. “Snow.” 
That’s when it hit me: I’d kissed a guy I didn’t even know. The word easy came to mind. Oh my gosh, what was going on with me? What about Gabe? I pulled away, shoving him. Mostly mad at myself. 
“How dare you?” I pushed off him, working to control my jagged breathing. “I need to get out of here.”
He stood and came toward me, this time with confident determination. I sensed the hunter in him. It was tangible. Taking my face in his hands, he tipped my head so he had access to my neck. Like before, I watched his fangs grow. My heart beat so fast I thought it’d come out of my chest. 
When his teeth met my neck I responded eagerly. His groan urged me on, and I touched his arms, his back, and up to his hood. With a little effort, I focused on tugging it off. A laugh rumbled deep in his chest, and then I heard his voice in my mind: 
Seek out your true love. You, beautiful Snow, are the key to defeating the Queen. 

Chapter 6

I knew I was back in the girl’s bathroom even before I opened my eyes. Someone was in the bathroom with me. There was a knock on the stall door. 
“Snow, are you alright?” 
It was Dorian.
I picked up my backpack, thankful he’d found me. Opening the door, I took in his face. Concern filled his features. “I’m fine,” I answered, trying to reassure him. “What are you doing in here? You’re so not a girl.” I pushed past him and walked to a sink, casually peering at my neck in the mirror. Newly healed scars glared back. 
“I watched you go in. After ten minutes I thought I’d better make sure you weren’t drinking the blood of some poor, unsuspecting female.” His eyes gleamed with amusement. 
“D-Do you see anything on my neck?” I asked, tilting slightly.
He shook his head. “Did… something happen again?”
“Yes. I went into the other realm. He, The Hunter, was there.” I washed my hands and patted a wet paper towel over my face. “I don’t know if it’s a good idea for me to be at school.”
At my words his eyes grew wide in mock terror and he circled his neck with his hands. “Thirsty? Do you vant to suck my blood?” He spoke with the lively silliness of an old-fashioned vampire, but the worry in his body was evident. 
I sighed. The uncontrollable feeling vanished. “I am worried I might bite someone. Your blood pulls at my bloodlust, but not too bad,” I said impulsively.  
His face fell. Dorian actually seemed sad. “Oh,” he stepped closer, his features changing from teasing to seriousness. “If you ever do need some—blood, I mean—you’re welcome to mine.”
I gasped. “Do you even know what you’re offering?” Anger flashed. How dare he tempt me? His naiveté made me want to bite him, inflict a little pain, a little reality check, but I speculated he’d enjoy it the way I had. There’s one way to find out, I thought. Professor Pops hadn’t told me not to bite humans, and Dorian offered. I decided to give my new fangs a whirl. “Come here, then,” I said. 
He gulped, and his heart picked up speed. 
“Nervous?” I asked, a smidge glad.
“A little,” he admitted, but I saw he would hold true to his word. I placed my hands on his appealing neck and pulled him down, much the same way I’d handled Christopher not too many minutes ago. Tentative at first, I touched my lips to his neck. He let out a groan. Whether it was from fear or pleasure I didn’t know, and in the next moment I didn’t care. My fangs grew, pricking his neck.
And the door flung open. Dorian tucked me into his chest. “Just a minute,” he said, his voice heavy. 
I quivered in fury at being interrupted, but I didn’t want anyone to see my fangs so I took a deep breath, inhaling the delicious guy smell that was the handsome Dorian. My fangs retracted. Peeking up, I searched Dorian’s eyes. A tight smile sat on his lips. I smiled back before gazing around him at who’d so rudely interrupted. 
“What the hell is going on, Snow?” Complete shock filled Cindy’s face, and I laughed.
“Hey, Cin,” I said with choked amusement. It wasn’t that I found the situation funny so much as I had all of this anxiety stored up and it was finally coming out. 
Dorian recovered and swung around. “I was making sure she was okay. Our Snow needed a hug, that’s all.” He regarded me. “You’re good, right?”
“Yes, thank you, Dorian.” I closed my lips, trying to hold in the laughter, but that didn’t help. My conscience gnawed with guilt. I’d kissed Christopher and nearly drank Dorian’s blood. But I liked Gabe. 
Hussy, my mind screamed.  
Dorian escaped the bathroom without a backward glance.
Cindy huffed and stopped her foot. “What’s gotten into you?” She walked to the mirror and checked her reflection. 
I faced her, my image still taller. “Oh, Cin. It’s a long, crazy story.”
She gave me the eye, the one that questioned my motives, the one that got right to the center of me. “I want to hear all about it. First, Mr. Wallace wanted me to tell you you’re supposed to go to the office for a tardy slip. He said you’re not allowed in class without it. I’ve got to get back.” She ran her hands through her ponytail. “Chace seemed concerned. He even took off after you did. For a minute there I thought you were in his arms.” She let out a sigh. “See you in a few. Au revoir,” she added as the door closed behind her.
I straightened my shirt and picked up my backpack. Cindy’s strong perfume lingered, and it dawned on me. Cindy’s blood hadn’t inspired even a little bit of hunger. “Huh.” 
In the office I called Professor Pops and explained briefly what’d happened—the way my fangs grew and how I’d gone to the other realm where the Hunter, Christopher, bit me again. I left out Dorian offering himself. The confession would be pointless, and I didn’t want what he’d done getting back to Gabe or the other brothers. 
Professor Pops spoke with the school’s secretary, excusing me from the rest of my classes. 
He picked me up in front, his distinguished face lined with worry. In the cup holder between the seats sat a carafe. “Bloodlust tea?” I guessed as I buckled my seatbelt. 
“Drink up. I made a double dose in the hopes that will help.” 
I took a sip and grimaced. It was strong, but I finished. When I placed the empty container back in the holder, Professor Pops mumbled his approval. 
After clearing his throat, he said, “I’ve heard of the Hunter, Christopher. He is very good at what he does. I’m sorry I must say this, but at this point, propriety be damned.” He gave me a quick look, probably to determine my level of shame. 
“What is it?”
 “He’s skilled in the art of seduction. From what I understand, he also has an unlimited lust for power. He wants to be the Vampire Queen’s second.”
At hearing his words I didn’t blush but became angry. Well, more hurt. I guess I wanted to believe Christopher reacted to me the way he did not because it was his job, but because he felt something for me. Ugh, I groaned. I would not be that girl! 
Professor Pops pulled into the driveway. After I followed him into the house and sat at a barstool in the kitchen, he said, “Your revenant abilities are developing a lot faster than most, and I think I know why.” As he spoke he peeled a banana and tossed it into a blender. Then he pulled some soy milk from the refrigerator and some ice from the freezer and put them in the blender. He turned it on, the noise drowning out everything running through my head. Several seconds later, he turned the blender off and poured the smoothie into a tall glass. 
“Here you go,” he said, handing it to me. 
“Thank you.” I sipped. It was delicious. He handed me a napkin. After I wiped my mouth, I asked, “Why?”
He took a deep breath. “First, answer this question. Did you crave Cindy’s blood? Or another female’s blood at any time this morning?”
I thought a moment. “No, I didn’t.”
Professor Pops blew out a breath. “Your best friends are seven guys, young men who are desirable and who find you desirable.”
At those words I blushed. “Nu-uh,” I said. 
He patted my hand. “You may try to hide it, Snow, but you are very, very beautiful. Truly one of the fairest in the land,” he added, his face softening.
My face felt like it was on fire.  “What does that, or the fact that my best friends are guys, have to do with anything?” 
He waited until I got it. “Not every teenage girl is in a situation like yours, seven young men vying for her attention.”
“We’re just friends, though,” I said, taking another drink of my smoothie, thankful I had something to do. 
“True, but I believe every one of them would gladly be your boyfriend if you allowed him. I noticed the way you and Gabe are together. There’s something going on with you two.”
I stared into the drink. “I wanted something but, ever since my bite and the note this morning, he’s been different.” I took another gulp, worried about whether I should mention what Christopher said, but I couldn’t bring myself to blurt it out. 
Professor Pops sighed, rubbing his hands over his face. It seemed he’d aged a hundred years in the past few days. “I’ve been training the boys since I adopted them. Gabe, though he’s younger, was actually my first.”
I nodded, remembering the day I rode my new bike along Professor Pops’ circular driveway and fell off. Before I could start to cry Gabe ran out, all legs and arms and thick curly hair, and helped me up. ”You’ll be okay,” he’d said, brushing off my knees. ”Shake it off.”
“They’ve been learning—though they didn’t know it—how to kill vampires and anything else that comes after you.”
I lifted my glass to take a drink and stiffened. “Why would anything else be after me?”
Professor Pops came around and stuck out his hand. “Come with me. I need to show you something.”
I set down the glass and rose, hesitantly placing my hand in his. “What?” I asked, my nervousness easy to hear.
“You’ll see. I’ll give you your first vampire slaying lesson.”
I snorted. “Don’t I just stake him through the heart with a wooden stick?”
“Afraid not, Snow.” He led me down a set of stairs into the basement. Opening the door to the storage room, he walked over to the furnace and pressed a button. The wall behind it swung open, revealing another set of steps leading down. “Come,” he said. 
I hesitated. It was dark and smelled muggy, like dirt and wet cement.
“You’ll be fine.” He released my hand, flipped on a light, and started down.
I trailed him cautiously. When we reached the bottom there was another door. He pulled a key from around his neck and put it into the lock. I heard the click and he turned the knob. Cool air, like from a walk-in freezer, whooshed out and struck us. I inhaled. 
“It’s cold,” I said, stating the obvious. 
He flipped on another light and stepped into the room. 
I followed and immediately wished I hadn’t.

Chapter 7

My legs turned to jelly and my first instinct was to bolt back up the stairs. 
“Snow, it’s okay. Think about the Harvard Museum of Natural History. They have skeletons and animals stuffed to make them look real. The same applies here. Think of this as a Museum for the Supernatural.” He’d rushed over and seized my arm, helping me stand. What I really wanted was to take a Brillo pad to my brain.
As much as I wanted to run away, I wanted to move in for a closer look even more. Sort of like when you see a car accident on the road. You feel revolted and drawn to it at the same time. That’s how I felt. 
The room reminded me of a gallery with so much to see I wasn’t sure where to begin. Scanning the room, I went from one fairytale beast to another.  
“Why? What? How did you get these down here?” 
He chuckled. “It was easy. I’m a professor of religion at Harvard. I’m always studying strange phenomena. Or miracles, if you’d prefer.” 
“Makes sense,” I said, moving toward a creature that looked like a tiny angel, its feathery white wings pinned opened to a corkboard. Its skin sparkled like glitter. It wore a white tunic and white sandals that laced up its very human looking legs. Hair was long and blonde with streaks of red. 
“A Downy Fairy,” Professor Pops said, coming over and bending so that his face was even with mine. “She died more than five hundred years ago. I haven’t seen another like her.”
I searched his face, having noted the sadness in his voice. “If you haven’t seen another like her, how do you know she’s a Downy Fairy?”
“Very perceptive you are, young one.”
I snickered at the Yoda impersonation. 
“She died in the service of our cause. I was there when it happened.”
“Oh,” I mouthed. Then said, “I’m sorry, Professor Pops.”
“It’s alright. I’ve had many years to mourn her loss. She was a good friend, a valiant warrior, and she died for what she believed in. It was honorable.”
“How did she die?” I asked, intrigued.
“That is a story for another time,” he said, straightening. Underneath the platform where the corkboard stood was a drawer. Professor Pops touched a knob and the latch released. Inside was a leather-bound book. He reached in and pulled it out. In the center of the room stood a thick, plastic-looking music stand. Professor Pops walked over and set the book on it, then he waved me over. When I stood in front of the book the first page turned on its own. “You must never touch any of the pages. Touching them will increase their speed of deterioration.” 
“Then how?” I began.
Professor Pops said, “Chapter one.” The pages instantly flicked to the page that said Chapter One. “Page one-hundred-thirty-six.” Immediately, the pages flipped until they reached said page.
“Wow,” I uttered. 
“Exactly. Inside this book is everything you’ll ever want to know about fairies, including the Downy Fairy.” He motioned around the room. “Under or beside each creature is a book that will teach you what you need to know, including how to kill them.” 
I couldn’t help the shiver that ran the length of my body. I didn’t want to kill anything. 
“But some creatures are good, right?” I asked, nervous. 
“Every creature can be good or evil. Just like with humans, they have their freedom to choose.”
“Got it.” But it was creepy. At least a dozen make-believe creatures were enclosed in glass, on pedestals, or standing. There was a werewolf, a little sprite, a large troll, a black unicorn, and an enormous dragon. All of them were intriguing, and I wanted to study them. Most compelling was a very human looking guy with glowing red eyes. 
“A Hunter,” I said, enthralled.
“That’s right,” Professor Pops agreed, placing the leather book back in the drawer under the Downy Fairy. “Follow me,” he said, moving to another door and unlocking it. He went inside. It was small compared to the room we’d come from, and filled with weapons. Professor Pops walked over to a pointy wooden stake. “You mentioned staking a vampire.” He picked the stick up and handed it to me. It was heavier than I imagined. 
“Yes. Just jab it in the heart, right?”
Professor Pops chortled. “These work if you have the element of surprise, or if you’re skilled at hand to hand combat. But, tell me, could you stake Christopher?” His face was serious.
The idea repulsed me. I’d sooner stake myself. That shocked me. “N-No,” I said, as comprehension filled my mind. “Are you saying he’s got me under a spell or something?” Irritation started to build, but I pushed it down. Professor Pops had said Christopher was a master manipulator. 
“It’s what I would’ve done.” Professor Pops took a long, thin sword from where it sat on the wall. He pulled off its sheath, revealing its glimmering metal. Even from a few feet away, it looked sharp. 
I stepped toward him and the sword. “So, how do I kill vampires?” I honestly didn’t think I’d be able to do it, but we were in the weapons room. It seemed he wanted to share. 
“Hopefully you won’t ever have to, but a male vampire must lose his head to be killed.” He placed the knife at his neck. A sliver of blood trickled. When he moved it away, the slight cut healed instantaneously. 
“And a Worker?” I asked. 
“Females can be killed two ways: by a stake to the heart or the sun. Like I said, though, they normally don’t leave the hive.”
 “Wait, so what happens if her head is cut off?” I imagined a writhing body searching for its head.
“The body will find its head, and it can be reattached.” He shrugged. “It’s rather disgusting to watch, but a fact nonetheless.”
“Yeah, that’s icky.” I stepped away, heading over to the stake. “What about a Hunter?”
 He brought up his pointer finger and shook it. “Hunters are more difficult because they possess a portion of the Queen’s magic, which protects them from the sun and gives them the power of persuasion.”  
“Great,” I mumbled. 
“The only way to kill a Hunter is by removing his heart. It beats thanks to the Queen’s magic, so it must be cut from the body and separated from the other organs.” 
“That’s gross,” I muttered.
“It is, truly. And once the Queen has marked him, she gives him a portion of her magic. That allows him to walk in the light, to change the color of his eyes, even shift his appearance slightly.”
“Wow. Can the Queen be eliminated by sunlight?”
“No. Her magic protects her.” 
I took a deep breath. “How can she be killed then?” 
“If you can get through the fifty thousand Workers and the five thousand Drones…” He trailed off. “Honestly, we aren’t sure, but we believe she can be killed during the moments she’s shedding her old body and claiming the new one. We think that’s when she’s at her most vulnerable.” 
“You think? You believe? I must say, Professor, I’m not filled with confidence. I have one chance in fifty-five thousand. Those odds are seriously stacked, and not in my favor.” I walked over to a gun. It appeared to be made of solid silver. “For werewolves?” I asked, changing the subject as I wrapped my brain around what I was up against. 
He shook his head, placing the sword back on the wall and picking up the gun. “This is for unicorns. A shot between the eyes will kill it.”
“I didn’t realize unicorns were hard to kill,” I said, taking a step back. 
“Unicorns are magical creatures, Snow. They can’t die easily. There aren’t many of them left, and most are in the service of the Vampire Queen.”
My throat went dry. “But they don’t want me dead, right? If they work for her, then they’ll want to keep my body safe.”
“That isn’t necessarily true. We’ve heard rumors of dissentions within her hive. Some believe the Queen is too old and should step down. Others have stolen magic from other creatures and are trying to usurp her. Many believe if all of the Marked and Chosen are killed off, she’ll die.” He set the gun down and crossed his arms. 
“Is that true? Would she die?” I walked over to some miscellaneous weapons: a club, an axe, smaller knives, and a spiky looking ball with a chain attached to the end. 
“In theory, yes, she would die.”
“Couldn’t she take any body? Why does it have to be the fairest? If it came down to it, if she has the magic, couldn’t she use a dog, or a bee, or any living thing as her host?” 
I turned when he didn’t respond right away.
He appeared thoughtful. “Technically, yes, she could, but she’s grown accustomed to humans. And in choosing an animal or an insect she would lose the power she so desperately demands. In the time I spent in her service, her hunger for power was quite apparent. I believe she’d rather die than be diminished to something other than what she is, what she’s become.”
“Okay, so say those who want her power do kill all of the Marked and the Chosen, can’t the Hunters mark more?”
“Of course, but they have chosen the best of the best in this generation. If she has to choose a lesser human, her power will diminish. It isn’t only about what’s appealing on the outside. Just as important is what’s on the inside. The purer the person’s soul, the better.”
It made some sense. I couldn’t help but wonder if Cindy had been chosen as well. Her beauty certainly far outweighed mine. Shrugging it off, I said, “So, those who want the Queen’s power will come after me.”

Chapter 8

He nodded. “Yes, that is why you must train. That is why it’s important you become familiar with all of the creatures in that room,” he pointed out the doorway, “and learn how to defend yourself. A war is coming, Snow. I know you didn’t ask for it and it seems unfair, but you’re involved. And from what I can tell, the Queen has put special emphasis on you.”
A devastating weight seemed to sit on my shoulders. The word war felt too big, too overwhelming. “Do you think the others know the Vampire Queen has singled me out?”
“I’m not sure. I would think not.” He moved back over to the sword and took it from its horizontal storage clamps on the wall, then grabbed another and handed it to me. “These swords should become like second nature to you. Some background about them first.” 
“Sure.” Professor Pops always had a history lesson about something. 
My mind was elsewhere, and Professor Pops must have realized it. He asked, “What is it, Snow?”
“How do you kill a revenant?” I peered down at my pink shirt and tugged.
His arms went around me and I stepped into them. He pulled me against his chest in a fatherly hug. Swallowing the strangled cry in my throat, I returned his embrace. It’d been a long time since my dad had hugged me. I hadn’t realized how much I missed him. 
“You are, or will be, a lot stronger than a regular human. Most Marked who are bitten say they feel like they have superpowers.”
“So, I’ll be less klutzy?”
Professor Pops chuckled and I couldn’t help the smile that curled up my lips. “Let’s not count on it.” He stroked my head with a hand and I drew in a deep breath, enjoying the smell of old books, paper, and cigars. 
After several minutes I pulled away and considered him. “I’ll be stronger, which will make it more difficult for me to die, but I can be killed the same as any human.” It was a statement. One that I knew, as I spoke, was true. 
“Exactly.” He held the blade, still sheathed in a black cover, in both hands. “This is called a Jokoto or Katana, which is the now universal term.” From the wall he took a smaller sword that rested under the long one. “This is a Wakizashi.” He moved into a fighting stance, showing me how to hold them. “Samurai used these swords together during battle beginning in the seventh century.” He indicated with his head I should follow. Awkwardly I bent my knees and angled the swords. He nodded and started to move, crossing his right foot over his left. I followed. 
As we moved in a circle this way, Professor Pops said, “The long one is for enemies at a distance. The shorter for when the enemy gets inside.” He parried, maneuvering the blades as he battled an invisible foe. “Like this.”
I tried to follow but ended up tangling my hands together. 
“Very good.”
I laughed. “Really?”
Professor Pops smiled and turned to replace his sword.
Turning back to me, he said, “Samurai believed the katana held their soul, and would only use them as a last resort. They would use the bow and arrow first, then a spear and, finally, if they had to, their swords.”
He moved behind me and began adjusting my body. Several minutes later he had me in the proper position. I felt like a rag doll. 
“Every day, after school and after track practice, you will come here and either myself or one of the boys will train you. Dorian is excellent with the swords. Gabe is the best bowman, and Salvatore is brilliant at all of them. Though, if one of those three isn’t available, any of them are more than exceptional.” 
I sighed. “Okay.”
“After a couple of hours of training, you will spend an hour or two studying about the different creatures in the other room until you’re acquainted with every one.”
I stood. “What about school?”
He waved his hands dismissively. “You’ll find your schooling comes more easily.”
“I’ll have to see it to believe.” The prospect excited me. I struggled with several subjects, especially English, Science, and Phys-Ed. 
“I think you’ll find much of regular human necessities will come easier, and you’ll want to spend more and more time in your new world.” Professor Pops took the swords and placed them back on the wall next to the other set. 
“Are you sure I’ll be okay going to school?” I thought about Chemistry and what’d almost happened. 
“We’ll give you a double dose of the tea twice a day, then send you with a dose to school for emergencies.” He walked out of the room and I followed. Then he locked it. I couldn’t help but stare at a female vampire behind the glass case. Her eyes were red and still seemed to glow.
“What happens if I do drink a human’s blood?” The words came out without my thinking about them first, and I blushed beet red. 
Professor Pops stood next to me. “I understand your needs, perhaps better than anyone. Human blood will increase your powers, making you stronger in every way except one.” He pointed at my heart. “The more blood you drink, the more like a vampire you’ll become. It’s like anything in life; if you work to keep yourself as human as possible, that part of you will remain, will be the strongest. If you consume human blood the way a vampire does, that part of you will become the strongest.”
I nodded. “I understand.” I wanted to tell him I craved blood and that I’d almost drunk from Dorian today. I opened my mouth, but nothing came out. Embarrassment over the almost sexual nature of my desires held me back. They seemed overwhelming, and I wasn’t sure how to control them. 
He patted my shoulder. “Don’t misunderstand me. Craving blood is part of who you are now. The time will come when you will drink.” He paused and his eyes dilated. I saw a flash of what he must’ve been like as a Hunter. The image scared me, but the look left his face almost as quickly as it’d appeared. “There are two things you must promise me.”
I swallowed and cleared my throat. “What?”
He held up a finger. “Promise me you won’t drink from the same human twice.” A second finger went up. “And two, promise me you won’t drink for more than ten seconds. Any more and there is a possibility you’ll kill the human from blood loss or your blood lust. Can you do that for me, please?”
I suddenly felt parched. The idea of consuming blood caused my muscles to tense with need.
“Snow?”
“I promise,” I agreed, though, at that moment, I would’ve agreed to anything. He hadn’t given me the green light to bite, but he said it was bound to happen. I wanted it to happen sooner rather than later. 
“And, Snow?” I focused and was met with his piercing eyes. 
“Yes?”
“Gabe—”
“I’m what?” Gabe stood in the doorway, looking smug.
I ground my teeth. Why were the guys constantly interrupting Professor Pops when he mentioned Gabe? Almost as though they had a sixth sense or something.
“Hi, Gabe,” I said shyly. It was weird seeing him in this room full of supernatural creatures. 
Professor Pops cleared his throat and I turned. “Why don’t you go home tonight, get caught up on your school work and get some rest. Come tomorrow, after I’ve talked to the boys. Your training will begin.”
Gabe gave Professor Pops an unreadable look. “Will she be safe?” Gabe asked, his face tight with unspoken worry. 
“I’m fairly certain no one will come after her until she turns sixteen.” He raised a hand and rubbed it over his face. “Which reminds me, what’s your favorite birthday cake flavor?”
I blanked. I hadn’t had cake since my mother died. Right after her funeral I’d decided I wouldn’t eat anything that had been killed. 
“Um,” I glanced at Gabe, though I have no idea why. He was a total meat eater. “Can you make cakes without eggs?”
“Someone can. I intend to hire the best. What’ll it be? Chocolate? Vanilla?”
A twisted smile spread over my face. “Red velvet.”
Gabe and Professor Pops laughed. 
“Perfect. I’ll get on it. And your favored color?”
I didn’t have a favorite color. I’d always liked purple because of my mom. 
Gabe answered for me. “Her favorite color is purple.”
“Purple or red.” I gazed at my shirt and then at Professor Pops. “I’ve always really liked glittering red.”
“Excellent. See you tomorrow, Snow.” Professor Pops waved us away as he went back toward the Downy Fairy.
“I’ll walk you home,” Gabe said, his smile tight. 

Chapter 9

“Since when did you start liking red?” Gabe and I walked side by side at a slow pace toward my house. 
I offered him a sideways smile. It gave me butterflies to know that Gabe paid attention. A glowy, tingly happiness bloomed in my chest. “Since the first time I saw Dorothy’s shoes on The Wizard of Oz. Probably at age three or four.” I stuffed my hands into the front pockets of my jeans. “Then my mom died and most of the stuff I kept of hers was purple, so I sort of adopted it as my favorite as well.” 
“Huh,” Gabe grunted. 
“I’d guess your favorite color is…” I considered. His car was silver. His room looked like a shrine to the Celtics, but he wore a lot of white and blue. “Either green or blue,” I said.
He smirked. “You were thinking about my room, weren’t you?”
I nodded. 
“I guess it’s green.” He grabbed my hand and stopped so that I turned toward him. His heartbeat pounded rapidly. With gentle fingers he caressed my cheek, stroked my hair. “I’ve always loved the color of your hair.”
I blushed and lowered my head. “You have?” 
He played with the ends, twirling a strand in his finger. “It changes color in the light. Sometimes it’s black, other times there seem to be blond highlights. It’s magical.” He released my hair and lifted my chin. “Like you, Snowflake.”
“I’m not.” My cheeks burned hotter. The bloodlust grew a couple of degrees. Would Gabe offer his blood to me the way Dorian had? At the thought, my heart began to match Gabe’s beat for beat. 
“Snow…” he hesitated. Curious, I searched his face. “I’ve liked you for a long time.”
“I’ve liked you, too.” I returned. The sun gleamed through the thick trees, causing rays of sunlight to streak through Gabe’s face. Half of his face was shadowed and the other half shone in the light. 
“No, I mean liked, liked you.” 
I finally got what he meant, and nearly smacked myself in the forehead with the palm of my hand. 
“I didn’t know. I thought you thought of me as just a sister.” A mixture of gladness and nervousness swirled in my stomach. I’d only just discovered he liked me. Before we had a chance to find out what that meant, the Hunter had bitten me. It didn’t seem fair. 
He grabbed my hands. “I think of you in ways much different than I would a sister.” A mischievous gleam sparkled in his eyes.
I giggled, glancing at my shoes. 
He leaned in and I realized he was about to kiss me—which reminded me I’d kissed Christopher today, which reminded me I almost drank from Dorian today, which made me feel like a total sleaze. 
“I’ve got to go.” 
I turned and ran. Fast. And I didn’t trip once. 

Chapter 10

As soon as I unlocked the door Gatsby was there, weaving between my feet and meowing like he was mortally wounded. “Hi kitty. I know you’re hungry. Sorry, boy.” I scooped him up and scratched behind his ears the way he liked. Today he squirmed in my arms unhappy. I put him down. “Okay. Okay.” 
Grabbing his bowl, I filled it with kitty kibble and set it on the floor. He rushed over and started eating. I poured him some water, washed my hands, and snatched some almonds from the refrigerator to snack on while I did my homework. 
In quick succession I got my math assignments done, conjugated my Spanish verbs, and studied for my chemistry and social studies quizzes. Then I made myself some whole-wheat pasta and watched the latest episode of Survivor. Gatsby jumped on the couch and into my lap. I was glad he’d forgiven me for ignoring him the last few days. 
Around ten o’clock I went to my room, washed my face, and changed into my flowered flannel pajamas. Once I was in bed and Gatsby had situated himself, I turned off the light and closed my eyes. 
Immediately I was whisked away into the other realm, her realm. I stood on a balcony in a large white castle. From my position I could see the beautiful countryside. It was dusk. The descending sun bathed the landscape in twinkling light. I wore a long dress, the skirts abundant, and they swished when I moved. The sleeves were short and the bodice tight. It was a deep burgundy with a dark grey ribbing. The shoes I wore pinched as I made my way into the room. 
A large headboard rested against the far wall directly in the middle. Lush gold bed coverings and pillows covered it. The windows were stained glass. In one corner was a large, round mirror. I gasped at its familiarity. This was the mirror, the one the wicked Queen used in the Snow White movie. I wondered what would happen when I stepped in front of the mirror. 
The person reflected back at me was stunning, her black hair piled high, her lips blood red and skin luminescent as the moon. I turned, and she copied. I lifted my hand, and she did the same. 
“It’s me,” I said, awed. 
“My beautiful Queen. You truly are the fairest in the land.” 
My hand froze in midair. The voice was Christopher’s. I noticed him now, seated in a chair dressed in lavish clothing: Black pants, black boots extended over his knees, and a burgundy jacket that matched my dress. 
“What’s going on?” I asked, watching him through the mirror’s reflection. He rose, and my breath hitched. His blond hair had been combed off his forehead, making his hazel eyes vibrant against his tanned skin. Excitement fluttered through my veins. More than his incredible looks were the fireworks bombarding my heart. We belonged together, it whispered with each beat. 
“Why can I see your face?” I asked as I turned away from the mirror. His features blurred behind a thick darkness so I could only see his red eyes. I returned my gaze to the mirror, checking him out in the reflection. 
He smiled. “The mirror reveals the truth, Snow.” He came toward me, stalking me. I wondered if there’d ever been more willing prey. 
I wanted to taste him, try his blood. Professor Pops’ words came into my mind: 
“Never drink from the same human twice. Never more than ten seconds.”
Christopher took my hands and led me to the bed. I didn’t like that his face was hidden from me, but my longing for him rocked strong enough so that I dismissed it. He lay me down and then he lay down next to me so that we were eye to eye. 
“You want me, don’t you?” It was a question, but he knew the answer. I heard it in his voice.
“Yes.”
He tilted his neck in my direction and my fangs grew instantly. I pressed my lips to his delicious, warm throat. His skin parted as I sought his blood. When the first drops touched my teeth, I panted and sucked harder. I had nothing to compare to the pleasure I experienced as his blood filled my mouth, ran down my throat, and filled me in ways I never believed existed. To my mind there wasn’t anything better than that moment. 
After a time Christopher spoke my name. “Snow.” I felt drunk with his enchanting blood as I lifted my lips from his neck. He smiled, his hazel eyes iridescent with hunger. “Can you see my face?”
I focused and realized why I thought he’d looked familiar. “Charming?” 
He smirked and pulled me on top of him. “My turn,” he said. I tilted my neck back, giving him full access, and let out a moan as he drank.
Uneasiness formed in my belly, knowing the Hunter was none other than the new guy, Chace Charming, Salem High Hottie. I remembered what Professor Pops said about Christopher being a master manipulator, about his magic being able to change things, including the way he looked. 
Chace-slash-Christopher must’ve sensed my apprehension. He rolled us, placing me under him, his lips never leaving my neck. 
I sighed, giving in to the immeasurable pleasure of the moment.  
“Christopher,” I whispered, running my fingers through his hair and pulling him ever closer.

Blood and Snow 3: The Vampire Christopher


Chapter 1
“Do good and evil exist?” Christopher asked, searching my eyes, looking for something I didn’t think I possessed. 
“I believe so,” I answered, nodding.
He kissed my neck and sat up, crossing his well-defined legs. I wasn’t ready to be done kissing him, drinking from him, but I wanted to know where he was going with his question. Reluctantly I lifted myself from my prostrate position and crossed my legs so I sat opposite him on the bed. 
We were still in the castle in another realm. Lush throw pillows were pushed to the floor and surrounded us like piranha swarming their food. 
Until a few moments ago, I’d been too busy enjoying the taste of Chace, aka Christopher, aka my Hunter, and hadn’t cared about anything else. Now that he’d spoken, lots of unanswered questions surfaced. 
 Like, what was the name of this realm? Why did he keep bringing me here, and where exactly was here? 
Christopher seized my hand. “Sweet, beautiful, Snow,” he said, caressing my knuckles. “In my years serving the Queen, I’ve learned one thing. Words like good and evil are relative terms.”
“What do you mean? To kill someone is evil.” I crossed my arms, waiting to hear how he’d BS his way out of that. 
“What if that someone is the enemy in a war? It’s kill or be killed. Would he be considered evil for protecting himself, his loved ones, his home, his country?” He grinned sweetly, running his fingers along my jaw.  
My mouth fell open. I wanted to say yes, but Professor Pops had explained I would be learning how to kill supernatural creatures, that we were on the brink of war. If I killed to protect myself, would that make me evil? 
“Ugh, okay. Where are you going with this?” I wasn’t sure I wanted to know.
He chuckled and climbed off the bed, readjusting his clothes. When he finished, he grabbed my hand, pulling me onto my feet. 
“In Buddhism,” he began, “good and evil don’t exist, per se. Instead there is kusala and akusala. Kusala is considered to be intelligence, contented, beneficial, and a remover of affliction. Akusala is, quite simply, the opposite, or unintelligent, causer of affliction, and so on. Which boils down to this: what is evil to one person may be good to another. Life and everything in it is about your perception.” 
Christopher’s words echoed in my mind. I wanted him to explain further, but a sudden and infuriating beeping interrupted. 
My alarm clock. 
Upon opening my eyes, my Hunter and the other realm vanished. With a sigh I reached over, shut off the clock, and rolled onto my back. I hadn’t slept. At least I didn’t think so. The entire night spent with my Hunter; we hadn’t done more than talk, kiss, and bite each other’s necks, but the experience left me breathless. It’d been intimate. 
I tried to imagine bringing Christopher into my silly little girl’s room and flushed. Lavender walls held up posters of bunnies, kittens, and puppies. Across from me was my chest of drawers, also lavender, and atop it sat unused perfume bottles. Above it hung a corkboard filled with pictures of Cindy and me, as well as pictures of my best friends—the guys. To the left of my dresser was my bathroom and, next to that on the same wall, lived my closet. 
 “Ugh, I’m so over purple,” I muttered, climbing out of bed and heading into the bathroom where bright purple towels hung on a rack next to a bright purple shower curtain. I turned on the water and undressed while the water warmed. Stepping in, I let the warm water soothe away my tension. 
I couldn’t help thinking about the past four days. In that time I’d managed to become a revenant—not quite human, not quite vampire. I’d slept in the same bed with Gabe, one of my best friends on whom I’d developed a crush. Nearly bitten Dorian. And kissed, drank from, and kissed some more, my Hunter. 
Sheesh!
I wasn’t that kind of girl; well, I hadn’t been for the past fifteen and a half years. Sure, I’d had sleepovers with all seven brothers in the past, but still… I’d never felt such lustful cravings or been so wanton as I was with Chace, aka Christopher. He brought out feelings in me, needs I hadn’t realized I’d been missing. At the thought of him touching me, kissing me, whispering tenderly to me, my belly fluttered and I groaned. 
“I don’t have time for this,” I grumbled, rinsing off and getting out of the shower. 
I dressed in faded jeans, a red Ed Hardy tee shirt with a dragon slithering across the front, and my Converse. In the full-length mirror near my closet I noticed several bruises on my neck and stepped closer for a better look. In the center of the bruises were twin marks closed over by scar tissue. 
No one had been able to see marks after Christopher bit me the first time, but I wasn’t so sure about the bruises. Going to my dresser, I pulled open the top drawer, and took out a silk and cashmere scarf in baby blue. My dad and stepmother gave it to me for Christmas last year because they said it matched my eyes. After wrapping it around my neck several times so the bruises were hidden, I stared at my reflection. 
“Today is going to be a regular day.” I snorted. It couldn’t get any weirder. I’d become a blood drinking supernatural creature, for crying out loud. “Ugh! Come on, kitty,” I grumbled, opening my bedroom door. Gatsby stretched, jumped off my bed, and followed me downstairs. 
As I entered the kitchen a brief knock sounded at the back door, followed by Heathcliff, Bart, Gabe, and Dorian. They were a breath of fresh air, full of exuberance and raw energy. 
“Hey, Snow,” Dorian said, closing the door behind him. 
Gabe carried a large book. He held it like its contents were leprous, and I had to grin. “Hi, guys.”
Heathcliff and Bart returned my greeting as they made themselves at home, rummaging through my fridge and cupboards, grumbling about how I had nothing good to eat. Bart started a pot of coffee and Heathcliff, ever the responsible one, put some water on for my tea.
I quickly got Gatsby his kibble and some water. When the cat was happily eating, I turned my attention to Gabe. “What ya got there?” I sat on a bar stool and swiveled closer. 
He glanced around sheepishly before heaving the book on the counter. Moments before I saw the cover up close, I’d imagined it to be a book from Professor Pops’ Museum of the Supernatural, and worried Gabe stole it. Turned out to be nothing mystical, just a book of dresses by the designer Vera Wang.
I was most definitely not a fashionista. On the contrary, I didn’t even really know what the word meant, only that Cindy used it a lot when showing me clothes from her magazines, but I had heard of Vera Wang and knew she was a big time designer. 
Whoa! 
“Professor Pops asked me to bring this to you so that you could go through it and pick out a dress.”
I laughed, uncomfortable. “A dress for what?” 
“Your birthday party, silly,” Bart said, pulling my hair. 
“Dude,” Gabe yelled. 
“Boys, chill,” I said, putting a hand on each of their chests. The individual beating of their hearts momentarily distracted me. It didn’t make my mouth water, just caused me to pause. 
Interesting, my inner voice said. 
Focusing my attention on Bart, I asked, “Why do I need a fancy dress for my party?”
He snickered as he pulled an envelope from his back pocket and handed it to me. “You’ve created a monster by allowing Pops to be in charge of your party, and there’s no turning back. Salvatore is taking three hundred of these to the post office as we speak.”
I took the envelope. Glancing at each of the boys, my emotions spiraled from curious to concerned to downright freaked. “What is it?” I asked, though I figured it was an invitation to my birthday party. My hands shook as I turned the envelope over. Sealed with red wax, SW was stamped in it. “Cool,” I mumbled, breaking the seal and removing the thick white cardstock. Embossed in black and lined with silver were these words:

You are cordially invited to attend a 
Masquerade Ball 
Honoring the sixteenth birthday 
Of
Snow White
On 
November 17th
Beginning at 7:30 pm

There will be dinner and dancing.
Formal dress required. 

… and some other stuff. My mind couldn’t get over the words, Masquerade Ball. 

Chapter 2

See, I didn’t dance. The last time I tried I tripped over my partner’s feet and ended up breaking his wrist. Needless to say we still weren’t speaking, and the not-so-graceful event happened in fifth grade. 
At the idea of dancing in front of a bunch of people, terror caused my upper lip to tremble. “A Ball? What is Professor Pops thinking?”
They shrugged, grumbling incoherent words that I took to mean they weren’t excited about the party concept either.  With petulant faces and irritated glares they shuffled around, getting mugs for the coffee, creamer, and sugar. The kitchen smelled divine—not that I was ever a real big coffee drinker, more of a hot cocoa girl. But the aroma filled me with nostalgic memories of my mom, making me miss her all the more.
“Here you go,” Heathcliff said, setting a mug of murky liquid in front of me. 
I was about to decline, but got a whiff of it. It wasn’t coffee, but tea. My bloodlust tea. 
“Thanks.” I smiled. Their blood wasn’t a distraction this morning. I wondered if that had something to do with me drinking Chace’s blood last night. Self-consciously I tugged the scarf farther up my neck and caught Dorian watching, his eyes flickering to my neck, the scarf, and my mouth. His examination told me what he thought. A slow tendril of heat started in my belly and worked its way up. I silently prayed he wouldn’t say anything, at least not in front of his brothers. 
“No prob, Snow,” Heathcliff said. He went over and poured himself a cup of coffee. 
Gabe cleared his throat and I turned my attention to him, taking a sip of tea. 
“So you need to pick out a dress in the next couple of days and let Pops know,” he said.
“If it’s any consolation, we’ll be wearing tuxes,” Heathcliff said, irritated, reading the terrorized look I was sure coated my face. 
I giggled at his agitation, swallowed some tea, and then said, “You’ll look amazing in a tuxedo.” I rotated to include Bart, Dorian, and Gabe. “You all will.” I pulled the book closer and flipped through the pages. All of the dresses were beautiful, airy and light. I couldn’t imagine trying to move around in something so elegant. 
The guys crowded around, each commenting on which one they thought would suit me best. I cringed at wearing any of them and considered speaking to Professor Pops. 
Gatsby jumped onto a chair and onto the counter, rubbing his body along one of my arms. 
“Hey, boy. What do you think of all this?” I set him on the ground. The guys were still occupied with dresses—well, probably the models inside the dresses—and I smiled. “I love you guys,” I blurted. They looked over, their expressions amused. I laughed, embarrassed by my sudden outburst. 
“Love you too, Snow,” Bart and Heathcliff returned. 
Gabe gave me a curious look. Dorian came over and stage whispered as he tugged on my scarf: “Love you too.” I shoved him away, trying to keep my flush from showing. I didn’t want Gabe thinking it was Dorian’s comment that made me redden, and I certainly didn’t want to tell them it was because of what I’d hidden under my scarf. Casually I fixed it so the soft blue scarf better covered my neck. I’d sooner die than explain the bruises they would think were hickeys.  And technically they were. 
Dorian added, “Love your shirt, too.” He poked his pointer finger into my chest. I looked down, and he flicked me in the nose.  
“You’re such a…” I paused and watched his eyes dance. “Total tease,” I finished.
He grinned from ear to ear. “It’s all part of my charm.” 
Bart said, “We’d better get to school.”
“Right, you need another tardy like you need a punch in the face.” Both guys grunted and started play fighting.  
“Have you finished your tea?” Heathcliff asked.
I gulped down the last of it and nodded. “Yep,” I answered, then asked, “Who’s training me today?” I hoped Professor Pops had talked to them and they knew what I meant.
“Me,” Dorian said, rewarding me with a piercing stare.
My mouth went dry. I’d have to train with these hickeys on my neck. What would Dorian say? Why hadn’t Gabe volunteered? Sneaking a glance at him, my heart sank. There was something bothering him. He wasn’t teasing. Had he already grown tired of me? Not that I could blame him. Even though he didn’t know it, I certainly hadn’t acted like he and I might be a couple, especially last night when I made out with Chace. “Okay,” I said, suppressing a sad sigh. 
“We gotta go,” Heathcliff said, grabbing Dorian by the arm. “See ya later, Snow.” Bart followed them out. 
I waved, giving Gabe a questioning look. “Did you get stuck taking me again?” I turned the pages of the book, but my eyes kept finding Gabe’s. 
“I volunteered,” he answered, picking my hefty backpack off the table and lobbing it onto his shoulder. “Come on.”
Following Gabe out, I locked the door and shoved the house keys in my pocket.
When we were buckled in his silver CRX, Gabe said, “I think we should talk.”
“Sure,” I said, turning toward him. Then I noticed the seriousness on his face, and my stomach clenched. 
“You and I,” he paused. “You know I like you, right, Snow?”
I gulped. He hadn’t called me Snowflake. “I hope so, Gabe. We’ve been friends a long time. If you’re pretending, then you deserve an Oscar.” I hoped my teasing would lighten his mood. 
He smirked. “You know what I mean.”
I forced back a sigh. “I do.” This conversation wasn’t going to end well.
“Since your… bite, and what occurred in your dream, and the note… well, you have a lot going on.”
I waited for him to finish, my hands clenching into fists in my lap.
He let out a giant breath. “I think we should put whatever might be happening between us on hold.” His hands gripped the steering wheel until they turned white with blood loss. 
Tears dampened my lashes. Casually, I tried to wipe them away. He was right. I needed to focus on training. Also, I had a… situation with Chace, but wow, hearing Gabe say the words hurt. 
I deliberated whether Gabe somehow knew what I’d been doing last night, if he could tell a vampire Hunter kissed me thoroughly, drank from me multiple times, and I’d liked it. Actually more than liked it, delighted in it. Ugh! 
Pushing my back into the black leather seat, I said, “I agree. We’ll still be friends, right?” The words sounded strained, not like me. 
Gabe didn’t seem to notice. “Right.”
We rode in silence until we got to school. As soon as he put the car in park, I bolted without saying good-bye. I needed some fresh air and some space.

Chapter 3

My body teetered between conflicting emotions: excitement and sadness. Excitement because I’d see Chace in a few minutes. And sadness because I still had feelings for Gabe. He’d promised he wouldn’t leave. Memories of the night he’d stayed with me surfaced, weighing down my heart. I missed that Gabe. 
He hasn’t exactly left, but he doesn’t want you anymore, my inner voice huffed. 
Sighing, I pulled open the front door to Salem High, home to more than sixteen hundred students. I made my way through the overflowing commons and to my burgundy locker. After dialing in the combination I opened it and realized I held my breath so I wouldn’t smell blood. Slowly I blew out and snuck another timid breath. A delicious blood-tinged aroma swirled with sweat and perfume. A symphony of hearts beat all around me, but I didn’t have the slightest twinge of a craving. Something had changed. 
Was it the double dose of bloodlust tea, or drinking Chace’s blood? I’d have to ask him when we had a moment alone, and if I could look him in the eyes without blushing. 
I switched books from my backpack to my locker and ran to chemistry, barely acknowledging the posters announcing the football game Friday or the Halloween dance coming up next month. 
Cindy and Chace were already in their seats, chatting like BFFs. Seeing Cindy being so flirty and Chace responding—well, it annoyed me. I dropped my backpack and slammed my hefty chemistry book on the table in a huff. 
Cindy gave me the eye, one of her perfectly plucked eyebrows rising in irritation. “Hey, Snow. In a mood?” She smacked her bare knee against my thigh. 
“No,” I grumbled, stealing a look at Chace. He’d rolled his chair toward me. 
“Hi, Snow.” He had a tone, one that told me he was thinking about what we had done last night. 
I blushed, the heat burning my cheeks. 
“What’s going on?” Cindy asked, tugging on my scarf. 
That girl was way too intuitive. She could read people from a hundred feet away, through concrete and twenty feet of dirt. 
Sheesh! “Nothing,” I said from behind my book, jerking my scarf from her hands.
“Hmmm-mmmm,” Cindy responded, and I knew we’d be having an uncomfortable conversation later. I debated what I should tell her, though. It wasn’t like I could say, “Yeah, so last night Chace took me to another realm where we made out and drank each other’s blood for a few hours. It was awesome and so sexy.” 
Chace made a noise that sounded a lot like a groan, which caused my cheeks to burn hotter than a firework on the Fourth of July. 
Before Cindy or Chace said or did anything else, Mr. Wallace came in and saved the day. I’d never been happier to see a teacher.
That gladness was short-lived. 
“During today’s lab we’ll be determining the relative reactions of copper, magnesium, zinc, and hydrogen. You’ll work with a partner, as usual.” Mr. Wallace glanced in our direction. “Mr. Charming, since you are without a partner, and,” he searched the room, let out a grunt, and continued, “since Sheila is absent today, why don’t you work with Misssssss,” he drew it out, like a snake debating which prey to devour. Cindy sat up straighter in her seat, and I knew she wanted him to pick her. Finally he continued, “White. Mr. Dooley, you and Miss Croswell will partner up. Everyone else, you have your partners, so get busy.”
Cindy deflated and scowled. “I don’t want to partner with Eddie. He smells like onion rings.”
“Maybe that’s because he works at Onion Ring Heaven,” I whispered, stifling a nervous giggle. I stood as Eddie looked over, his braces-filled smile taking up most of his freckled face. “Be nice,” I said in her ear.
Cindy harrumphed. “Merde! This isn’t fair. And you owe me an explanation about what’s going on between you and Charming. Lunchtime!”
“Okay,” I said, wiggling my eyebrows and moving over to Chace. 
Cindy laughed, and I felt better about leaving her with Onion Ring Eddie.
I picked up my chair and placed it next to Chace. He already had the droppers and was in the process of organizing the test tubes. “You’ve done this before, haven’t you?”
He grunted. “Once or twice. Lovely scarf, by the way.”
I fiddled with it, making sure it still covered my neck, and sat on the stool, watching him. He looked seventeen or eighteen, but I was curious about his real age. I didn’t know much about vampires, but I did know they weren’t supposed to age. At least that was part of the myth. Would I age as a revenant? I wondered. I wanted to ask Chace, but chemistry class wasn’t the place. I supposed I could ask Professor Pops. 
Focusing, I said, “Well, you’d better let me do something.”
“I can think of several somethings I’d like you to do.” His voice had gone low and was filled with sensual implication. 
I colored. “Seriously, Cindy already smells a story. The girl is like a Bassett Hound on the trail of her favorite bone. She’s probably already figured out we kissed and is planning our wedding, including the cake and my wedding dress.” I moved one of the beakers, put a droplet of iodine in it, and scrawled the results in my notebook.
He sat on the stool next to me, fixing me with an amused gaze. “Wow, she’s impressive.” I tried to scowl. He didn’t know her the way I did. That was how her mind worked.
“We haven’t even been on a date,” I whispered. 
“I suppose we can’t consider what we did last night a date?” He wore his signature smirk.
I blushed the color of currant berries. “No!”
“Are you embarrassed by me, Snowflake?” 
“Don’t call me that.” I smacked his arm. Only Gabe was allowed to call me that. Besides, what did he think was going on? Were we an item? 
You were kissing him like you were prepared to have his babies, my inner voice clucked, disgustedly. 
“Whatever you command, my Queen,” he inclined his head slightly. 
Self-conscious, I searched the room and caught hold of Cindy’s perceptive glare. She mouthed, “What the hell?”
I shrugged and turned back to Chace. His words, “my queen,” made me think of another question. I, technically, wouldn’t be his queen; my body would, but it’d still be her… what? Spirit, inside my body. I filed the question in the thickening folder labeled Seriously Wacky Stuff. “You need to stop.” 
He laughed. “Fine. I will. For now.” Then he winked. “Can I call you Frosty?” 
I lifted my brow. “You can call me Frosty when Hell freezes over, M-Kay?” I gave him a sinister look, but laughed to take the edge off. 
“Snow,” he spoke my name like we were lovers. “Want to hang out after school today? We can see what sort of skills you’ve developed.” He gave me a conspiratorial look. “The way we’ve been trading blood I’ve no doubt you’ll be as strong as I am in no time.”
“Will I?” I nudged his shoulder with mine.
“You’ll be amazing.”
I really did want to hang out with him, but I had track practice, revenant training, and then homework. “Hey, you made the track team. You’re going to practice, right?”
“Yep, and you have to run today. I want to see if you can manage once around the track without tripping.” He laughed.
“Harsh,” I murmured. But I wanted to see if it were possible, too. “I have…” I paused. Professor Pops wanted me to go over to his house after practice. I’d be learning how to kill different supernatural creatures, including vampire Hunters like him. Did I want to tell Chace? He worked for the Vampire Queen. 
Holy apple butter on toast, he worked for the Vampire Queen! Why hadn’t that hit me before now? I hadn’t asked Professor Pops what would happen if I drank the blood of a Hunter. 
Chace glanced over, his gaze unreadable. “You’re training with Adam Henry after practice.” 
“Yes,” I nodded, unable to say any more. How did he know? So many questions.  
“Didn’t you want to see me again tonight?” His words sounded hollow, sad. 
“Of course,” I said, touching his arm and regretting the maneuver immediately. Professor Pops mentioned Chace possessed the ability to put me under a spell. Did he have me under one? If he did, did I care? I really wanted to see him alone again—kiss him and taste him. 
Gabe wanted us to be just friends. No reason to feel guilty. 
From deep within a female voice whispered, “Lips red as rubies, hair dark as night. Drink your true love’s blood; become the Vampire, Snow White.” 
I shuddered. My true love? That wasn’t Chace. At least… I hadn’t sincerely thought about my feelings for him. Certainly not love. Lust. Yes. Yes. Yes. 
Clearing my throat, I said, “Want to come over to my house after training, around nine-thirty?” My heart beat faster in anticipation. “In this realm,” I added in a soft voice. We could talk. Watch a movie. Hang out. It’d be fun. 
He smiled and the movement reached his eyes, filling my stomach with a giddy joy. 
“Great idea,” he said. 
“Charming is a name that suits you. Did the queen give you the name?”
He chuckled. “No, it’s the one I was born with.”
I searched his face, checking to see if he were joking. It didn’t look like it. 
“Hmmmm,” I said, dropping iodine in another beaker.

Chapter 4

Lunchtime finally rolled around and I briefly considered evasive maneuvers, like hiding in the bathroom. I hadn’t decided what to say to Cindy about Chace and me. 
Deny. Deny. Deny, my inner voice shrieked. 
I searched the Commons area for her, but she hadn’t arrived. Shrugging, I grabbed a greyish lunch tray, placed a salad on it along with a juice, paid the cashier, and headed over to our usual table near the windows. The sun shone through them, bright and cheery, and I hesitated. 
Chace was protected from the sun by the Queen’s magic. Supposedly, as a revenant, I shouldn’t need to worry either. 
“You’ll be fine in the sun, Frosty.” 
I jumped, and spun around. The gorgeous blond-haired Hunter towered over me, a playful grin lighting his features. 
“Rude,” I squealed very girlishly. 
Several heads swung in our direction. They were probably stunned that klutzy, boyish Snow White could act girly, or that the handsome Chace Charming chose to grace me with his presence. At those thoughts, my whole body blushed. They had no idea what I’d done with the incredibly hot Hunter. 
Chace’s eyes glowered. “Let’s sit,” he said, walking over to my table. 
I obeyed, letting my hair fall into my face. Once we were sitting I scanned the commons for Cindy. A part of me hoped she didn’t show. Another part of me worried. If Cindy was one thing, she was a creature of habit. If she had a change of plans, she would’ve told me. 
Salvatore and Sebastian walked in, both sporting sour expressions. I waved enthusiastically. They returned my welcome, but it wasn’t with any excitement. 
“They’re upset that I’m sitting here,” Chace said, his voice filled with humor. 
“Oh, well, they shouldn’t care.” I signaled them to come over, casually tightening my scarf. They nodded. 
A thought struck me, and I started to panic. “They don’t know who you are, do they?” I hissed, keeping my eyes glued on the guys’ movements.
“No. At least I don’t think so.” He shrugged. “But then they are Adam Henry’s sons, so anything’s possible.” I heard what sounded like a note of awe in his words and wondered why.  
The guys picked up their food and headed over. I searched their faces, trying to discern whether they knew. I didn’t think so. If they had, they probably would’ve been a lot more hostile. 
“Hi guys,” I said, feeling suddenly nervous. 
“Hey Snow,” Salvatore said. 
“Heyah,” Sebastian added, taking a huge bite of pizza. “Aren’t you going to eat?”
I glanced at the unappetizing salad sitting in front of me. “Not hungry,” I responded, keeping my eyes fixed on a wilted carrot. I was, in fact, hungry, but it wasn’t for the tasteless salad. I wanted Chace’s blood. I gave him a sideways glance and he smiled, meaningful. 
“You should eat. You need your strength for—” Salvatore paused and glanced over at Chace. “Later,” he finished. 
I opened the juice and took a drink to appease him. 
“How do you two know each other?” Salvatore asked between bites of food, indicating Chace and I with a pointer finger.  
“Oh,” I said, and blushed again. 
Chace saved me. “We’re in chemistry together. Plus the track team.”
Salvatore and Sebastian swapped comical looks. 
“Have you seen Snow run?” Salvatore asked.
“Not yet. Maybe today.” Chace grinned slightly, a secret smile I knew was meant for me. 
The guys busted out laughing. 
Dorian and Bart joined us at the table. “What’s so funny?” Bart asked. 
Dorian wore an angry frown. I watched his eyes linger on my lips, move to my neck, and then glance at Chace. Did he know? “Charming,” he nodded. “What brings you to our table today? I believe there are ten or fifteen girls hot after your hide. No sense hanging with us guys.”
Chace smiled. “There’s one girl at this table. The only girl I’m interested in.” He glanced at me, and I was sure my face turned the color of ripened cherries. 
Salvatore sputtered out his milk. 
“You’re in dangerous territory here,” Dorian growled.
I watched the way each guy tensed with animosity and decided an intervention was necessary. “Has anyone seen Cindy?”
“I haven’t seen her since math class,” Dorian said, shifting his gaze from Chace to me. 
“Not since chemistry,” Chace added.
The other brothers agreed they hadn’t seen her since morning. 
“Great. Why don’t I have a cell phone?” I grumbled, picking up my juice and taking a sip. 
Almost as one, all the guys whipped out their phones. I took Dorian’s as a way to appease him, giving him a petulant look. 
“Fine,” he hissed, and I smiled. 
Unlocking his phone, I dialed Cindy’s number. It went straight to voice mail. After the beep, I said, “Hey Cin. Just wondering if you’re okay. Call me. Oh, I’m on Dorian’s phone because, as you know, my dad and stepmother won’t give me one. So call him, ’kay?” After I hung up I texted a similar message to her number and handed Dorian back his phone. 
“Thanks, Dorian.”
“I’m sure she’s fine. Probably just got hung up talking to some guy.”
I nodded, trying to act convinced.
The guys finished their lunch and took off, leaving Chace and I alone once again. 
“You don’t need to worry about your neck.” He’d sounded nonchalant and a little smug.
“Really?” I touched my scarf.
He pulled on it, tugging it away. “Yep, the bruises are gone,” he said, giving me a half-smile.
I yanked the scarf from his fingers. “Do I even want to know how you knew they’d be gone?”
“Doubtful,” he chided, and tossed a couple of fries in his mouth. 
I’d noticed he’d eaten several bites of cheeseburger along with more fries. “How can you stand to eat that?” I asked, scrunching my nose in disgust. 
He laughed. “You get used to it. I need to pretend to be a normal human boy.” He smirked and bit into another fry. 
I looked around and said, “I think it tastes like ash. I haven’t been able to enjoy food since right after you bit me.” I tried to look frustrated and angry, but thoughts about how it’d felt the first time, his lips on my neck, and each time since, only filled me with longing. 
His eyebrows pinched together, but just as quickly relaxed. “You really are exquisite, Snow. I knew you were extraordinary from the moment I first saw you, but I never realized how much until these past few days.”
I would’ve blushed, but he made me curious. “You could tell just from biting me the other day?”
“No, I’m talking about the very first time. When you were young.”
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Had he been the one? “You-you marked me?” 
He dipped his head and took a large bite of burger. I watched him chew, biting the inside of my cheek, nervous. But there wasn’t any reason to be. Professor Pops said drone vampires marked the young. I knew the answer. It was him. That meant several things. He was older than seventeen or eighteen. He’d watched me for a long time. “Do you know how my mother died?” I blurted. If he’d been around that long, surely he must’ve seen her. 
At that moment, the bell rang. He stood and said, “I’ll see you at practice.” Taking his tray he merged into the thick student traffic and was gone. 

Chapter 5

The final three classes of the day were torture. Not because I wanted to drink the blood of my fellow classmates. No. I was agitated—about Cindy, about revenant training, and about Chace coming over. Did I really want to get to know him? 
I had a feeling if Professor Pops knew what I’d been doing he’d be upset, or at least concerned. But he’d said he’d fallen in love with his Marked. Now that I’d been spending time with Chace I wondered what that meant. Had Professor Pops bitten her, and she him? Had she died because of their love? I knew Professor Pops would tell me, but raising the subject would be awkward. I felt like I’d already failed him. 
Chace would have the answers, but would he be honest? I sighed. I had to at least try. 
In the locker room I changed out of my jeans and tee-shirt and into black shorts and a burgundy shirt. After tying my shoes I headed out to the field. 
It’d been an unseasonably hot fall with little rain. It looked like that was about to change. Thick storm clouds filled the sky and thunder rumbled in the distance. The rest of the team appeared oblivious and stretched on the field. 
They never waited for me.
That’s because you never participate, duh, my inner voice reprimanded.  
Chace sat in the front, a pretty girl on either side, his legs extended in front of him, his hands touching his toes as the Team Captain counted slowly. 
I stopped, admiring him, trying to see any of the telltale signs proving he was a Vampire. He had angular features, his body muscled, especially his arms. 
I suddenly remembered Kenmei showing me the arrow tattooed on his arm. He’d said it was the mark of a Hunter. Where was Chace’s? I stepped closer, working to see it. Chace wore a black tank, so it should be easily visible. He glanced up, giving me a smirk. 
I smirked right back. 
“Hey, Snow, move out of the way.” It was Sabrina, the Team Captain. Apparently I was blocking her view. 
I stepped to the side and around to his back. I couldn’t see it on either arm near the shoulder. 
“Looking for something?” Chace asked, laughter in his voice. 
“Where is it?” I crouched down and touched his arm in the vicinity of the place I’d seen the tattooed blade on Kenmei. At my touch the blade appeared on his shoulder as though it’d been hidden by magic, and I jumped back, falling on my butt. 
Everyone laughed.
Chace leapt up and pulled me into his arms. I buried my face in his chest, ashamed of my less than graceful fall.  
“Knock it off,” he shouted. Rage radiated from his body so that he was practically pulsating. 
So close to him, my heart started beating rapidly. He smelled divine, and I knew he tasted even better. 
“How dare you?” he roared at my teammates, his breathing heavy. My heart sank for those he yelled at, and I vowed never to get on his bad side. 
You may have to one day, my inner voice whispered.  
With a sigh I looked up and placed my hands on either side of his face. “Chace,” I whispered. “It’s okay. I’m fine.” My voice trembled at the depth of his emotions. 
After several seconds his features softened and he looked at me. “I’m sorry you were startled. I should’ve known something like that would happen.”  
“It’s no problem. A brisk enough wind can trip me up.” I smiled softly, hoping to ease his temper with a reminder of my klutziness. 
It worked. He beamed, a glorious, heavenly smile. I sucked in my breath. 
“Maybe you should wait a few more days to run, give your abilities more time to kick in.” He sported an amused expression.
“Are you questioning your earlier assessment that I’m exceptional?”  
He snorted and I decided to show him, show them all. 
“I’m going to run, and I’ll be fantastic.” I jogged backward a few steps, heading over to the coach. 
The coach stood near his chair looking antsy. Probably preparing to be referee if Chace or one of the other guys tried to start a fight. 
“Hi, coach,” I said lightly.
“Ms. White. What’s going on in that head of yours?” He crossed his arms, waiting.
“I’m running today. Just wanted to give you a heads up. Figured you might have a coronary otherwise.”
He gasped in mock distain. “I appreciate your concern, though I’m more worried about you.”
“Eh, I’ll be fine. You’ll see. I might even surprise you.” I wriggled my eyebrows and he laughed, shaking his head. 
“Guess it’s a good thing I’ve got 911 on speed dial.” He pulled his cell from the front of his burgundy polyester shorts and showed it to me to prove he was serious. “Be careful,” he added.
“I will,” I replied and headed back over to Chace. 
“All right everyone, four times around the track. Go!” Coach’s voice rang loud. 
“Ready?” Chace asked, his voice low, pleased. 
“Oh, yeah.” 
At that moment the sky opened up and proceeded to soak me, Chace, and the rest of the team. 
I yelped, the sudden change so complete. My shoulders rose to my ears and water dripped from my bangs onto my nose and cheeks. The air smelled wet and of peppermint. An eerie gloom gathered around the field in the form of fog.  
“Coach, are we going in?” someone asked.
“Yeah, coach, we can’t run in this.”
“Are you men and women, or mice?” Coach roared over the rain, tipping his burgundy cap lower on his head.
There was collective grumbling as we all made our way to the track.
Chace touched my arm lightly. “Catch me if you can, Frosty.” He grinned and took off. 
I watched him, his fluid body moving in perfect strides. It looked like his feet barely skimmed the ground. Wiping the hair off my face, I started to run. 
One foot in front of the other, my inner voice encouraged. 
I did just that, sensing the changes in my body. When I’d run in the past, my body would tense, my knees would freeze and, according to Cindy, it looked like I had a board shoved up my derriere. It felt wrong, and I had no doubt it looked wrong. 
But as I ran, the crisp rain slapping against my skin, my body seemed to relax as though it were settling in for the first time—ever. It felt good! I felt good. Taking a deep breath I picked up speed, trying to catch Chace. Each person I ran past gasped or made a snide comment. I ignored them. I was on a mission. Catch Chace. 
That was the refrain I chanted with each step. Catch Chace. Catch Chace. Catch Chace. When I was within ten feet of him a sharp pricking sensation struck me in the back of my left knee, and then the right. I ignored it, but seconds later a prickling heat started spreading from my knees up my thighs and down my calves. Seconds after that my legs stopped working altogether. My right cheek and forehead smacked the track. An explosion of stars writhed before my eyes, and there was a loud pop. Nothing from the waist down worked, but man, did my face sting. 
“Ouch.” I pushed up on my hands, lifting my upper body off the ground and shaking my head. Red liquid spilled into my right eye and splashed onto the asphalt before diluting with the rain. 
“Snow! Snow!” Chace stopped and bent down. Through the pouring rain I saw his fear. “What happened? Can you stand?”
A sob escaped my throat. “I can’t feel my legs.” It didn’t make sense. What had happened?
“I’m going to check your spine. Hold still.” I tried to do as he said, but I started shaking uncontrollably. Whether from the chill of the rain or the fall, I didn’t know. 
I heard him curse. “Your spine is fine. I’m going to turn you over and lift you. Ready?” He ripped off his soaking tank. “Hold this against your forehead. You’re bleeding.”
I nodded, taking his drenched shirt and pressing it against my head. 
With incredible gentleness he turned me onto my back. “Okay?” he asked. 
“I think so.”
He lifted me and I wrapped my one arm around his neck. “I’ve never been so grateful for rain in all my life, Frosty. Hang on. I’m going to get you someplace dry and safe.” 
I closed my eyes, tucking my head into his chest. 
And he ran. 
The rain beat against my body like icy pebbles. It hurt, and I pressed my eyes tighter. I couldn’t help but wonder where Chace would take me. Maybe to my house. He obviously knew where I lived. Or his. I had no idea where he lived. Did he go to the other realm every day after school? It was so weird to think about another dimension. I had so many questions. 
 After several seconds—minutes, I’m not sure—the rain stopped and I felt the sun warming my skin. Birds sang, their song bouncing back and forth above us. I opened my eyes. Chace’s gaze bore into me, filled with concern. 
“I’m going to lay you down and roll you onto your stomach.”
“Okay,” I answered, feeling unexpectedly shy. 
He squatted, and I felt my back brush against something soft. Gently, he moved his damp shirt from my forehead. “Healed already,” he grunted approvingly. “I’m going to roll you onto your stomach.” One of his hands touched my shoulder and he said, “Ready?”
“Yes,” I whispered, trying to gauge from his expression how bad off I was. 
Tenderly, he turned me. I moved my arms upward so that I could rest my chin on my hands. He’d laid me in some mossy grass. Running my fingers over it, I was amazed at how soft it felt. In front of me sat a small brown cottage, built of wooden logs. The front door was closed. A medium-sized glass window sat on either side of it. The roof looked to be made of tree branches and steepled along the top so it looked like an upside down V. On either side of the cottage was lush forest, filled with trees, ferns, and colorful flowers. I could hear the rush of a stream nearby and guessed he must’ve brought me to the other realm. 
“I’m going to check the backs of your thighs. You felt a sting behind your knees?”
“Yes, I did.” Had I told him about the stinging sensation right before I fell? I didn’t think so. 
After several moments I heard him suck in a breath. 
“What? What’s wrong?” I asked, trying to turn my head so that I could see him. 
One of his large tanned hands appeared. He pinched something between his thumb and first finger. I squinted, seeing nothing, but suddenly my eyes adjusted like the lens on a microscope, and I saw it. A tiny arrow, no bigger than a sliver. “What. Is. That?”
“It’s a pixie’s arrow. The tip has been dipped in toxin. I need to make a poultice to draw out the poison. The ingredients are nearby, but I’ll be out of sight.”
“Don’t go,” I cried. 
He ran his hands through my wet hair. “You’ll be safe here. Only a creature whose heart is pure can pass through the enchantments I’ve put in place.” He came around so that I could see him. “You’ll be fine,” he added. 
“Where are we?” I asked, changing the subject, trying to keep him with me. 
Christopher’s eyebrows furrowed in a way I was beginning to understand meant he was anxious. 
“We are in Sharra, the realm of the Vampire Queen.” He quickly kissed the tip of my nose and rushed away. 
“Hurry,” I called after him, softly. I turned my head, resting my uninjured cheek on my hands. He’d answered one of my questions. The name of this place was Sharra. 
“Sharra,” I mouthed. Then said it again, a little louder. “Sharra.” I liked the sound of it. 
One question down, one hundred twenty-three more to go, I thought with a sigh as I stared into the forest. A beautiful bush, filled with all different pastel colored flowers, grew directly in my line of vision. The leaves seemed to be moving. I took a deep, cleansing breath, knowing Chace would do all in his power to fix me up. 
How do you know? My inner voice asked with a growl. 
I thought about it. He was my Hunter, which meant he had to keep my body safe at all costs. It wouldn’t do if I died.
“He will come back,” I whispered.
I continued to watch the bush and something strange happened. The flowers separated and began to flutter upward, like butterflies taking flight. It was beautiful. Once all of the flowers left the bush, the branches looked stark, empty, like a barren tree in the deep of winter. Alarmed, I wondered why they’d abandoned it. The petals continued rising and headed toward me. Surprised, I tilted my head to continue watching. A bubble-gum pink flower fell onto my arm. I shook it, trying to get it to drop, but it wouldn’t budge. Then a periwinkle blue flower landed further down my arm, near my elbow, followed by a mint green one. I peered closer, and the flowers moved. Under the petals were little bodies attached to little heads. 
Surprised, I gasped and shook my arm wildly. The creatures stayed in place, their little arms and legs tickling my skin. Finally I gave up. 

Chapter 6
“What do you want?” I whispered. 
There was a slight tinkling sound, and I peered closer. There were two females and one male, their bodies the color of the petals or, I guessed, their wings, and they were dressed in matching clothes. Both girls wore shimmering dresses, and the guy wore pants and a shirt. 
“You look like Peter Pan,” I said. He placed his hands on his hips, also reminding me of Peter Pan, and I laughed. “What are you? Fairies?” I asked as the girl in bubble-gum pink flew over and landed on my nose. 
She shook her tiny finger at me and said in a high, barely audible voice, “We’re pixilettes.”
“Pixil… ettes,” I repeated. 
“That’s right. We’re in charge of the changing seasons in Sharra, as well as reseeding in the spring and the fall.” She bowed, placing one hand over her chest and the other out behind her. “I’m Arianna.” The periwinkle and mint colored pixilettes fluttered onto my nose next to her. My eyes started to cross. And the tinkling sounded again. The male slapped his knee. 
“What? Are-are you laughing at me?” I asked, trying to be upset, but they were too cute.
The male bowed. “Apologies. My name is Eon.” 
“And I am Pava.”
“Nice to meet you. My name is Snow.” I stacked one fist on top of the other, and rested my chin, working desperately not to shake my head and uncross my eyes. 
Seemingly all at once, hundreds of pixilettes hovered behind the three I’d met. 
Pava turned her toes in and said timidly, “We’d like to help you. Would that be alright?”
“You know what’s wrong with me?” I asked, stunned.
“We do. And between all of us, we have enough to reverse the effects of the poison,” Eon said.
“I’d be most grateful. Thank you!” The three pixilettes on my nose flew off and backward. With relief I closed my eyes, giving them a chance to realign. Opening them, I said, “Chace, the guy that was here with me… he left,” I sucked in a sad breath, “to get ingredients for a poultice. Should someone tell him?”
“He is known as Christopher in Sharra,” Eon said, turning and flicking his arm. The way he moved made me think that he might be someone of great importance.  
Three pixilettes flew off in the direction Chace aka Christopher aka my Hunter had gone. 
“Right,” I agreed, feeling tears prick the backs of my eyes. I was so new to all of this. My life had shifted radically in the last few days, and I felt overwhelmed. Inches from my nose fluttered little creatures with bodies the size of a moth, and the one known as Eon criticized me. Until a few minutes ago, I hadn’t known they existed. 
Arianna’s pointy features softened. She flew over and lifted a tear from my lashes, balancing it in her hand. She placed her other hand on my forehead and patted. “Hold very still, and keep your eyes closed until I tell you,” Arianna said kindly. 
I bit my cheek. Christopher told me nothing could pass through the enchantments unless they had a pure heart. That meant these pixilettes wouldn’t hurt me, didn’t it? 
You are way too trusting, my inner voice seethed. 
I nodded at Arianna and closed my eyes. 
For what seemed like hours I couldn’t feel anything, only heard the occasional tinkling which I now knew was the pixilettes laughing. I also smelled oregano. 
They are seasoning you and intend to eat you for dinner, my inner voice scolded. 
Sensitivity started to come back into my legs. It felt like pins and needles were doing a tap dance on my thighs. I wanted to rub them or shake them, anything to get rid of the pain, but Arianna told me to hold still. Gritting my teeth, I held steady and my mind drifted. 

“Christopher Charming, get in here!” The voice sounded muffled.
I looked down at myself and saw I was transparent, like mist. Reaching out to touch my arm, my fingers went right through me. Gasping, I swung in a circle, trying to figure out where I’d gone. 
I stood in a garage, which I guessed meant I was no longer in Sharra. At least, that’s what I believed from everything I’d seen of Sharra so far. 
The garage door looked rusty and unused. The room was cluttered with boxes stacked to the grungy ceiling, a couch covered in a dusty sheet, and other odds and ends. The walls were aluminum and rippled. On one wall hung a pegboard with tools, including hammers, a handsaw, drills, and more. Piles of different sized wood rested against the garage door and lay on the concrete floor next to strange-looking steel machines. 
Sitting at one of the machines cutting a small piece of wood was Christopher, wearing a striped shirt with a wide collar and brown corduroy pants that belled out at the bottom.
“Charming,” I called out, my voice hesitant. 
He didn’t acknowledge me, but then he hadn’t acknowledged the woman who’d yelled at him a moment ago either. 
“I’m going to count to three and then I’ll add on to your chores,” the muffled female voice hollered. 
Christopher groaned. “Fine,” he grumbled. Tucking whatever he worked on in his pocket, he started to walk toward me. 
“Christopher,” I whispered. 
He didn’t stop but went right through me. Freaky! I didn’t feel a thing. 
I turned and watched him open a warped brown door and go through.
“What?” I heard him call before he slammed it.  
You died, you idiot, my inner voice howled. 
Shut it! I screeched. 
“What am I doing here?” I slowly spun in a circle, searching for answers.
Follow Christopher, ding-dong. My inner voice was really starting to grate on my nerves, but I obeyed. Stepping up to the door, I tried to wrap a hand around the knob, but I couldn’t grab it. 
Jump in!
“Argh,” I growled, putting a flattened hand against the door. It disappeared. So I stuck my arm, followed by my head, through the door. Yep, going through objects wasn’t a problem for me.
No duh, my inner voice harrumphed. 
On the other side I looked around. The house was small, run down. Empty of pictures or any sort of decoration. I made my way into the kitchen. Think retro seventies at its finest—orange cupboards, a pea green refrigerator and stove, and white linoleum flooring. A half-eaten sandwich sat on the counter as did an empty marbled green glass.
No one was in the kitchen but I heard talking to my left, so I followed the sound through a wall and into the living room. I’d never seen so much plaid. 
Christopher stood at the foot of a woman sitting on a faded orange recliner. She handed him some money, which he stuffed in his back pocket. 
“Get me a pound of ground beef and a pack of cigarettes—whichever one’s are on sale. Don’t dawdle.” The woman speaking had medium length blonde feathered hair, a heap of blue eye shadow on her lids, and wore a mustard yellow sundress. I believe she was beautiful at one point. Now she seemed hardened and wrinkled. “Well, don’t just stand there! Go!”
Christopher’s shoulders slumped as he turned and walked past a large front window, plaid curtains pulled back letting in the dying daylight, and opened another door. It led outside. 
Once it closed I went through it and stopped at the top of a small concrete landing with three steps leading to a cracked pathway that turned into the sidewalk. The grass was yellowed, the color of dried hay. Random toys were scattered about making me wonder if Christopher had younger siblings. He’d picked up a bike and was pedaling so fast he was nearly at the end of the street.
“Christopher, wait!” I called. I didn’t need to worry though. My body floated after him as though I was a balloon tied to a string attached to his wrist. 
As I glided along, I watched the cookie cutter houses pass by. A group of kids played baseball in a park, their banter easy to hear. Then Christopher turned a corner and houses disappeared, making way for stores including a 7-11, a liquor store, and what I guessed was a grocery store called The Apple Store. Christopher jumped off his bike, letting it fall with a clang to the ground, and ran in. 
He went toward the back, past a group of guys in long black leather jackets. 
For the first time I was glad no one could see me. Christopher gave them a wide berth, but I was mesmerized and watched as they pointed at Christopher and began to laugh. 
My heart skipped several beats and warning bells went off in my head. 
Christopher already had the meat and moved on. The guys sauntered along after him, pushing each other and scaring customers they walked past. 
Christopher picked out a pack of cigarettes from a stocked shelf—not a shelf behind a counter or locked glass, the way cigarettes were stored now, but out in the open where anyone could grab them—then made his way down an aisle filled with magazines and books. I cringed slightly, thinking he’d head for the comics or worse, naked women. I so didn’t want to see that. 
He surprised me, though. Instead he picked up a woodworking magazine and flipped through the pages. When he came to the page he wanted, he set the opened magazine on top of the meat and cigarettes and pulled out the piece of wood he’d been working on. I leaned over his shoulder and noticed it was a carving of a bear. The one in his hand looked almost exactly the same as the one on the page.  
Wow, I was impressed. He had talent. 

Chapter 7

Suddenly the magazine flew out of his hand with a thwack, followed by the sounds of voracious laughing. Christopher’s shoulders tensed and he turned. 
“What’s the big idea?” he asked, and I perceived his barely contained rage. 
The one in the middle stepped forward, the others flanking him. There were five. My heart started pounding in my throat, making it difficult to understand what was said, but I gathered they wanted a fight. That didn’t seem fair, five against one. The leader shoved Christopher, causing his shoulder to smack against the magazine rack. He righted himself and adjusted his shirt. The muscles in his shoulders relaxed and he smirked. I knew that smirk. 
“You’ll pay for that,” Christopher said quietly. 
The leader’s mouth dropped. “I doubt it, dickhead.”
“How about we step outside and find out.” His tone was smooth, in control. Did he understand what was happening? Did he want to fight them?
The guys all started laughing, playfully shoving the leader. A look of surprise skimmed across the leader’s face before he hardened his jaw. “Fine. Let’s go.”
“I’ve got to pay for these first. Meet you outside in five?” Christopher held up his hand, his fingers spread wide. 
“We’ll be waiting,” the leader said. 
Christopher stepped past them and got in line to pay. The jerky guys loudly made their way outside and disappeared into the parking lot. I couldn’t help but be terrified for Charming. Would he try and sneak out the back? What was his plan? 
Once he’d paid and the meat and cigarettes were bagged, he walked out the front door. It was almost dark, and I didn’t see the leather clad guys immediately. For a split second I thought they’d left. Not the case. 
Christopher set the bag next to his bike and made his way over to them. The leader took off his jacket, removed the cigarette sitting behind his right ear, and handed it to one of the other guys, then put his arms up, his hands in fists. Christopher shook his head and chuckled, but didn’t move. He just stood there with his irritatingly handsome smirk.
“Move,” I shouted.
Large overhead lights flicked on.   
The leader circled Christopher. “Come on, dweeb, you talked the talk inside. Let’s see you walk the walk.” As the leader spoke he moved to punch Christopher in the kidneys. Quicker than lightning Christopher spun around, grabbed the leader’s hand, and flipped him over so he landed on his back. 
It knocked the wind out of the leader and he grabbed his chest, trying to suck in some air. His friends let out shouts of outrage and surprise, and then they all went after Christopher as one. 
There was a barrage of punching and kicking, swearing and spinning followed by the cracking of bones and howls of pain. Everything happened so fast I couldn’t keep up, but it looked as though Christopher was winning. He obviously knew how to take care of himself. 
Relief washed through my veins until I saw a flash of steel. 
One of them had a gun. 
“You think you’re a bad ass,” the guy holding the gun said, his breathing coming in ragged gasps, the arm not holding the gun cradled against his stomach. 
Everyone froze, including Christopher. Sickness wound through my belly. 
“C’mon, don’t,” another guy said. “That’s going too far, man. Put it away.”
“Yeah, we can’t kill the kid,” another added.
“Don’t hurt him,” I shouted, my hands wringing against my sides. “Help!” I cried, though it was useless. If anyone was in the parking lot, they’d already left or were hiding. 
“Who says?” the guy holding the gun whispered, his voice filled with seething fury. 
The gun went off, a loud pop like the cork of a champagne bottle, and Christopher dropped.
“You idiot!” the leader shouted. 
“Let’s get out of here,” the guy with the gun said, kicking Christopher in the shins. 
They took off running and I floated, helpless, as a large pool of Christopher’s blood emptied onto the asphalt. 
“No. No. No,” I wailed, tears streaming down my cheeks. I’d never felt so useless in all my life. I closed my eyes, shaking my head. “If I’m dreaming, let me wake up,” I choked out between sobs. When I opened my eyes, I hadn’t moved. Sirens sounded in the distance. “Yes, hurry. Maybe he’s still alive.”
 

Chapter 8

“There, there, young one,” a soft, musical voice soothed. She seemed to appear out of thin air. She and two others wore black cloaks, large hoods covering their heads. As one they glided over to Christopher and me. Frantic, I placed my body in front of his to block her, but she went right through me and knelt beside Christopher.  
“Leave him alone!” I cried, and was rewarded by a glare from the woman. She was breathtaking. Her lips were red as blood, her long hair black as a starless night sky, and her skin glowed the color of moonbeams.  
“Come. We must turn him quickly,” she ordered, and the other two figures knelt beside Christopher. 
The first one gently gathered Christopher’s head in her arms, tilted him so that his luscious neck was exposed, and bit. 
Vampires, my inner voice shouted. Breathless, I watched. A hungry ache gnawing at my throat.  
The other two sank their canines into each of his wrists. 
A moan escaped Christopher and he arched further into the first vampire’s mouth. 
That I understood. I’d done the same thing when Christopher first bit me.  
Seconds later, they withdrew, and the first spoke. “Rise!”
Christopher’s eyes opened and I inhaled. They glowed red.
“We must go,” the first commanded, taking one of his hands. Right then I knew who or what she was—the Vampire Queen.
A confounded look clouded Christopher’s features, but he nodded and they all vanished into the night.  
I expected to be pulled along after him, but that didn’t happen. My ghostly body remained near the blood. The Vampire Queen, the other two women—probably Worker vampires—left. And I remained. Alone.  
For some reason, kusala and akusala, those strange words Christopher spoke to me last night, came to mind. Had those boys been evil, and the Vampire Queen good? 
Did she really save him? Sure, he still walked. But at what cost? Had he become an empty shell? A plaything for the queen? 
No! He was much more. He cared about me, didn’t he? Frustrated, I crossed my arms, wondering why I was still there. I was about to take my misty carcass back to Christopher’s house when I noticed something strange within Christopher’s blood. 
The wooden bear he’d carved. 
Hovering so that my nose almost touched the statue, I peered at it closely. It was stunning, so precise. Right down to its claws and the pupils in its eyes.
I had to have it. Deep down, I knew that was the reason I witnessed what happened. Christopher needed the carving for some reason. I reached with one hand and grabbed for it. My fingers went right through. I tried again. Again. Again. And, again. 
“Ugh, please. What do I need to do?” I pleaded. 
A tiny thought budded in my heart. Relax.
I snorted and tried again, with both hands this time. My hands floated through.  
“Awwwww!” I’d never been so frustrated in all my life. 
Relax.
“Fine.” I breathed in through my nose, held it a second, and let it out through my mouth. 
Relax.
I breathed in, held, and blew out. 
The muscles in my shoulders loosened. Tension left my stomach. 
I reached for the carved bear, the buttery wood stained red with Christopher’s blood, and… picked it up.
“Yes!” 

A light, irritating tapping repeated between my eyebrows near the bridge of my nose. 
“Snow, Snow White. You can move now. We have removed the toxins.”
Arianna. I was back in Sharra. 
“Christopher,” I gasped, and stood, searching urgently for him. I needed to see him for myself.
A flurry of pixilettes pulsated around me, my quick movements startling them. Breathing heavily, I stepped forward and a wave of nausea rocked my body, making me dizzy. 
“Easy, Frosty.” Warm hands encircled my waist and his soft chuckle tickled my ear. “I’m here.”
I sank into him, pushing down a fearful moan. My Hunter, Chace, Christopher… My mind still clung to the awful experience I’d just witnessed. “I saw you,” I said, my voice hushed.
“Saw me?” he repeated, touching his fingers to my forehead.
I turned in his arms and put a hand on his neck. The ache for his blood burned in my throat. “I watched you fight those awful boys, and one shot you.” His hands tightened. I continued. “I watched you become a vampire.”
He winced and pushed my head against his chest. “Shush. You’ve had a traumatizing day.”
I forced my head up. “No. Don’t shush me. I’m telling you I saw… her. The queen. She’s the one who changed you.” I wasn’t sure how I knew but the fact remained, there wasn’t a doubt in my mind I’d seen the face of the Vampire Queen. 
He shook his head dismissively, his gorgeous hazel eyes hooded and his lips pursed in a smirk. 
His attitude angered me, aroused me. I wanted him, his blood, the way the queen took it. And before I could think further I lunged at him, sinking my now extended, needle sharp teeth into his warm, inviting throat. 
He moaned, his arms encircling me more tightly. 

Chapter 9

“We can discuss it later. Right now you’re supposed to be at Adam Henry’s.” Christopher said. My face was cupped between his hands. He kissed me gently and continued, “I’ll wait here until you get back, okay?”
I nodded. “You’d better,” I returned. 
We were standing in my kitchen. My body was back to normal, and my lust for blood satisfied. 
“It’ll be my turn when you get back,” he said, his voice low, husky, his thumbs stroking my neck. My stomach quivered in anticipation. 
“I’d like that.” I turned to leave, but remembered the wooden bear. Opening my hand, I was slightly shocked to see I still had it. Most of it was covered in burgundy, almost black. His dried blood. 
“What are you doing? Why aren’t you—” He stopped and inhaled. “Where did you get that?”
I turned. “I told you I was there.” 
He crumbled, sagging to his knees. “How?”
I kneeled in front of him. “I don’t know how or why, or even where I was, only that you were there and, after she and the others left with you, I picked this up.” I held my hand out. “For you.” He took it between his first finger and his thumb. 
“Thank you,” he said, his eyes watery. Seconds later he’d pulled me into an embrace, his arms crushing me to him. “You have no idea what this means,” he whispered against my hair. 
The force of his words, the ache and urgency, caused me to tremble. “You’re welcome, Christopher.”
As quickly as he hugged me he released me. 
“Go. We have a lot to talk about when you get back.” He stood and pulled me with him. 
“Okay, but… stay down here. No snooping.” I didn’t want him to see my child’s room.
“What don’t you want me to find?” he asked, planting a swift kiss on my mouth. 
Gatsby made an appearance and started howling, winding between Christopher’s legs and then mine.
“Make yourself useful and feed my cat,” I said in mock irritation. He quirked a brow, and I added, “Just don’t go in my room.”
“Fine. No snooping.” He swatted my butt. “Hurry. The sooner you get there, the sooner you’ll be back.” 
I yelped, my cheeks hot. “Alright.” I left, running at lightning speed over to Professor Pops’ house without tripping once. 
Oh yeah, better than ever, I thought happily. 



When I knocked on the door to Professor Pops’ house, Daniel answered immediately. “Bout time, Snow. Gabe’s been chomping at the bit.”
“Gabe?” I questioned, my voice not my own as fear clutched my chest. “I-I thought Dorian was training me today.”
“Change of plans. You better get down there.”
“Right, thanks Daniel.” I hurried past him, jogging down the stairs, past the Museum of the Supernatural and into the room filled with weapons. Gabe’s angry gaze found mine and slammed my feet to a stop.
“Where were you?” 
“Hey, chill, bossy pants. I’m here now,” I giggled, releasing some nervous energy.
His expression softened. “Sorry. I was worried.” He held the longer sword—what had Professor Pops called it?—a katana, in one hand. Gabe came around and stood extra close so that his body hugged mine. “Let’s begin.” He took my right hand and placed the sword in it. I bit my cheek, nervous about his nearness. 
He doesn’t want you. He doesn’t want you. He doesn’t want you, my inner voice chanted rudely. 
“Your heart is beating so fast. Are you… craving my blood?” His face was so close to mine; I could feel his five o’clock shadow, not to mention the increased beating of his heart. And I realized he was scared. 
Of me.
That knowledge hurt. 
“No, I’m nervous about being so close to the blade,” I lied. 
He swallowed, a loud gulping of his fear. Why choose to train me if he was afraid? 
Gabe might as well shove that pointy thing in your heart, my inner voice quipped snootily.
For once I agreed whole-heartedly. 
 Stepping away, I turned. “How about you demonstrate the correct way to hold it and I’ll copy you?”
I watched his jaws clench. He nodded. “Spread your feet shoulder’s width apart.”
I did as he said. 
“Now bend your knees.”
As I bent them, he walked over and set the sword on the counter, then came over to me. 
Yeah, it’s just me. Your best friend. Sheesh! Scowling, I said, “Like this?”
He smacked me on the butt. “Tuck that under, and hold in your lower abdomen.”
I tried to do as he said, but it felt weird. 
“Come on, Snow. It’s not that difficult,” he growled. 
Anger snapped to attention and bloomed like a rose in my chest. How dare he be so rude? “I’ve never done anything like this before, so forgive me if I’m not a pro in two point five seconds, Gabriel.”
“Well, hello there, Snowflake.” He smirked, and I realized he was goading me.
He picked up his sword and took another off the wall, handing it to me. I took it and glared. 
“During battle anger is good, necessary in fact, but it must be controlled.” He’d started to circle me and my senses heightened. I copied the way he held his blade and followed him. “If you can learn to control your anger, you’ll be a force to reckon with.”
I snorted. “What about tripping over my feet?”
He stopped. “C’mon, Snow. This is serious. You’ve got to be prepared. The Hunter is working to make sure you become the next queen. And others,” he waved his unarmed hand upward, “are planning your demise.”
At his words the poisonous arrow Christopher pulled from my leg crossed my thoughts. 
Gabe’s right, my inner voice scolded.  
“Ugh. Fine,” I snapped. “Stop chitchatting and show me what to do!”

Chapter 10
After an hour and a half of training I finally started to get the hang of how to stand with my butt and stomach tucked in. I figured out how to hold the blade correctly—not too tight, not too soft—and how to move with more agility. I didn’t stumble or cut myself once. Even Gabe had been impressed. 
By the time we finished Gabe lightened up, and though the training was intense I felt like, on a personal level, he and I were better. Maybe back to being friends.
“Good job, Snowflake,” he said, placing the blades on the wall. “You surprise me.”
“Gee, thanks,” I replied, my voice thick with sarcasm, but the compliment made me lightheaded. 
He tossed a white hand towel at me. I caught it and patted my forehead. The front of Gabe’s grey shirt clung to his flat stomach. His arms and neck glistened with sweat. I’d worked just as hard as he had, but I hardly perspired. 
You’re a revenant now. Get over yourself, my inner voice muttered. 
The thought made me smile. Yes. I. Am! 
Gabe lifted a brow, questioning my sudden, silly grin. He draped the towel around his neck and hung on. Even sweaty he was hot. “I’ve got to hit the books, so I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
My smile deflated. “Oh, okay. Later.” 
As he walked by he patted my arm.
Great, back to awkward, I thought, containing my sigh. I followed him out and Gabe locked the door. 
“I’ll be by to take you to school in the morning,” he said, sounding odd. I wanted to shake him, forcefully require him to get over his weirdness and bring back my best friend, Gabe. Instead I waved to his retreating back. 
After he left, I browsed around the Museum of the Supernatural, casually checking out each creature, but I’d already decided which one I wanted to research first. 
The Hunter. 
I hadn’t forgotten the look on Christopher’s face when he saw the carved bear. It’d been filled with a mixture of excitement, fear, and joy. That had to mean something, didn’t it? I wanted to see if the answers to my questions, including my finding a token belonging to Christopher before he’d turned, could finally be available. 
I opened the drawer next to the statue of a vampire Hunter, pulled out the book, and placed it on the strange podium in the center of the room.
“Chapter one,” I said, and the pages flipped until they reached the correct page. On the facing page was a fully colored picture of a young man. He looked to be of Asian descent, with deep olive skin, black eyes, and long, black hair. He posed regally in a navy blue robe decorated with intricate designs. He seemed familiar. Something about the eyes. Under the picture was a caption: Kenmei Yamata. 
“Kenmei,” I murmured, and started to read.  
Before the time of man, vampires ruled the earth. They lived in harmony with all creatures both great and small: the trolls, and the goblins, the pixies, and the pixilettes. The dragons of the air and of the sea. The griffin and the mermaid. The elf and the dwarf. 
After a thousand years, one vampire rose up from the rest, her magic more powerful than all others. She was beautiful, the most beautiful in the land. Creatures fell at her feet to worship her. 
She was also greedy, hungry for power, her heart filled with enmity. She subjected others to her authority and became the Vampire Queen. 
But there were those who resisted, and war broke out. Both sides suffered abundant losses. In the end the Vampire Queen and her followers were forced into hiding. 
Then came the time of man. 
Discovering their usefulness, the queen created the first Hunter. 
“Kenmei was the first Hunter,” I whispered, remembering the conversation between Professor Pops, Kenmei, and me. 
“That’s right,” Professor Pops said, and I jumped. I hadn’t heard him come in.
Recovering, I closed the book. “So vampires lived before humans?” I asked, swallowing. “They didn’t start out human?” 
“If by human you mean like we are now, then no.” He shook his head, moving closer to the book. “Appendix A,” he said. The book quietly flipped toward the back, its pages stirring the air with the smell of old paper. When it stopped, I unconsciously withered away from the pictures on the page, finding it difficult to grasp what I saw. 
“What are those things?” I finally asked. The creatures had dark and hairy bodies. Their arms and legs were the same length, similar in proportion to an ape. Large, pointy claws extended from their appendages and spreading from their backs were sets of glittering, web-like wings. That wasn’t even the oddest part. Their heads were human, covered in smooth skin the color of a baby fawn. 
Cherubic, my inner voice said.
Yes. That was the word, cherubic. The faces of angels. Each one seemed more attractive, more exquisite than the one before. The eye colors ranged from blue, to violet, to yellow, to orange. The hair growing from their heads matched their eye color, as did their lips.
“Those, Snow, are what vampires looked like in the beginning.”
“They’re creepy, yet somehow… regal. It’s weird.”
Professor Pops chuckled, and the warmth of his laugh calmed me. “I understand.” He placed a hand on my shoulder. “That’s enough for today. Why don’t you head on home? Gabe said you did well during training.”
“He did?” Maybe he was more comfortable with me than I thought. 
“Yes, he did. Now get some rest and I’ll see you after school.” 
“Okay. Plus, I’ve got a lot of homework to do.” Christopher flashed across my mind and my legs turned to mush. I wanted him. Jogging toward the door, I stopped before heading up the stairs and said, “See ya, Professor Pops.”  
“One moment.”
“Yes,” I said, turning. 
His countenance changed to sadness, or maybe it was concern. “As your Protector, I’m here for you. No matter what. You understand that, right?”
Did he somehow know what I was doing with my Hunter? I hoped not. How humiliating. I didn’t want to discuss that—my feelings—with him or anyone else.
Thankful for the low lighting in the room, I gulped. “Yes, thank you. It’s good to hear the words. I’ll remember.”
His tense face calmed. “Good.” He rubbed his fingers against his jawline, making a scratching sound. “And…” he paused, and I stopped breathing. Did he expect us to talk now? I couldn’t. No way. 
But I didn’t need to worry. His uneasiness was replaced with joy. “Have you had a chance to look through the dresses? Did you notice the red one near the back? That’s the one I’d pick for you.”
Confused, I racked my brain to figure out what he meant. Then I remembered the book of dresses from Vera Wang. Ohhhhhh. I hadn’t spotted a red dress, but then I hadn’t gone through the entire book yet. I wanted to tell him the red dress would be perfect just to get the whole ordeal over with. I did not understand fashion. But, if Cindy found out I’d had an exclusive book full of couture dresses and hadn’t let her look through it, well, my life would be over. 
“Near the back?” I repeated, placing a foot on the bottom step.
“That’s right.”
“I’ll be sure to check it out and let you know in the next couple of days. Will that be okay?”
“Of course.” Professor Pops waved me away and I took the remaining stairs two at a time. 
On my way out of the house I said good-bye to five of the seven brothers. Dorian and Gabe weren’t around, which reminded me that I hadn’t heard from Cindy since chemistry. I really hoped she was okay. 
In the brisk night air I glanced at the stars, each one so bright, like the moon. Inhaling, I tried to calm myself. The thought of being alone with Christopher did things to me—to my heart and low in my belly. Without thought I started to cross our yards, hurrying through the thick trees and brush. When I reached the stairs leading up to my back porch, I noticed several lights in the house turned on—upstairs, too. He’d snooped. 
What are you up to? I thought, my heart skipping several beats. 
Flinging open the door, I hollered, “I’m back, Chri—” 
For a moment, I think my heart stopped. Sitting at the dining room table were my dad and stepmother. 
“Hello, dear,” my stepmother said, a cruel smile lifting her lips. “Surprise.”

Blood and Snow 4: Blood Soaked Promises


Chapter 1

“Dad. Vivianne. You’re home.” I wanted to rush over and hug my dad, but my stepmother’s scowl held me in place. 
“Hi, Snow-Angel,” dad said slowly, clearing his throat. He looked good, more in shape, though he still dressed like an undercover TV cop—Hawaiian shirt, cargo shorts, and socks with sandals. He was tan with natural blond streaks in his otherwise dark hair. His face crinkled near his eyes from smiling. He and my stepmother sat across the dining table from each other, dozens of bags piled between them. 
Gatsby darted from under the table and wound around my legs, yowling for his dinner. 
“Don’t you feed him? He’s too skinny,” Vivianne said. She wore a pair of white shorts and a light blue tank. One tanned leg was crossed over the other, and her wedge-sandaled foot bounced rhythmically. She seemed a lot younger than my dad, closer to my age than his. Not a single wrinkle marred her perfect complexion. Each dark brown hair on her head rested in place. 
“Of course I do: twice a day, every day.” I grabbed Gatsby’s kibble from under the sink and poured some into his bowl, then filled his water. Finished, I went over to my dad, who shuffled his feet awkwardly near the counter, and hugged him. “How was your trip?” I asked, stepping back. 
Vivianne came over and placed a hand on my shoulder. “Good. We’re only here a short time. Then it’s back to work.” She hooked a finger in my shirt. “Why do you insist on wearing boy clothes?” She’d said boy as though it tasted like acid on her tongue. 
I pulled away. “They’re comfortable.” 
She balked, walking over to the table. As she dug through the bags, I eyed my dad. “You have to leave again so soon?”
“Not for a few weeks. By the time we go, you’ll be sick of us.” He hugged me again and I inhaled his sandalwood aftershave, the fragrance filling me with comfort. 
Dad was sort of a mogul, I guess. Cindy said our family had more money than God. I’d done an internet search on my dad once and discovered he owned a private jet, kept a building in Boston, and owned several vacation resorts all over the world. But I’d never seen his offices, been to one of his resorts, flown on one of his planes, or, well… felt rich. Dad didn’t act like a wealthy man. Didn’t dress like one either. 
Our house, hidden by trees, resided in a pretentious neighborhood. Built in the early eighteen hundreds, it was one of the smallest on the block. Mansions, like Professor Pops’ house, were built up around our little cottage. And then there was my stepmother’s strange love of all things Disney. The inside could be mistaken for a gift shop rather than a multimillionaire’s residence. 
Dad had been around more before my mom died. Now he rarely stayed home longer than a few weeks at a time. 
“I could never get sick of you. I miss you when you’re gone,” I whispered. No doubt I’d be sick of Vivianne, but certainly not my dad. I loved him. When he was around I felt content and happy. Hugging him tighter, I swallowed a sigh. 
Vivianne cleared her throat. “How’s track going? Won any races yet?” Her expression was one of amusement and I bit back a retort. 
“Not yet, maybe soon.” I shrugged. My dad and stepmother weren’t around enough to know whether I’d grown less klutzy or not. 
“Really? You’ve figured out how to put one foot in front of the other without tripping?” 
“I…” I didn’t know how to respond. It wasn’t like I could spill about becoming a revenant. Viv especially would freak and talk my dad into sending me to an asylum. Don’t get me wrong. Dad had a backbone. For some reason, though, he always bent to her will.  
“That’s enough,” my dad growled, his eyes flashing with anger. I would’ve cheered except he immediately turned contrite. “I’m sure Snow is doing a fine job in track. Aren’t you, Snow-Angel?” 
I brushed my bangs out of my eyes. “Doing great,” I replied with a nod. 
Viv held in her hands a formal lavender dress. I had no idea what the materials were called, but the spaghetti strapped bodice was shiny and the bottom half reminded me of a fluffy lavender cloud. The dress sparkled as though diamonds frolicked within the layers. A large grin spread over Viv’s face. “Happy birthday, Snow.”
Tentatively I stepped forward, touching the little lavender rose belt cinched around the waist. “It’s beautiful.” I didn’t want to overly encourage Viv. “Where am I going to wear this?”
She huffed, exasperated. “Mr. Henry told us about the birthday party he’s planned for you.” She turned and walked back to the table. From a bag she pulled out something wrapped in tissue paper. “Hold this,” she said, handing my dad the dress. After he took it, Viv carefully removed the white paper, producing a stunning mask, decorated in glittering beading of lilac, teal, and fuchsia, the same as several soft-looking feathers that protruded from one side. The beading around the eyes was black. “Mr. Henry said the party theme was a masked ball.” She touched a delicate feather. “This mask is from Milan and cost more than most people make in a year.” 
My dad shuffled his feet, uncomfortable. 
Viv added, “You’ll look lovely. The black beading will bring out your stunning blue eyes.” 
I reached out, drawn to the colorful beading. Viv slapped my hand away. “Wash your hands first.” She took the dress from my dad. “I hope this fits you. It’s hard to tell under all those baggy clothes.”
As I dried my hands on a towel, I asked, “What size is it?”
“Tut-tut. Go try it on.” I took the dress and went upstairs. There wasn’t a tag or a size in the dress. Viv probably didn’t know. 
When I entered my room I casually peeked around. Closing the door I whispered, “Christopher. Charming. Are you here?” I checked my bathroom, the shower, my closet, even under my bed. He wasn’t there. My stomach sank. I figured he’d left when my dad and stepmother showed up. I hoped he’d come back later—after they went to bed. 
“Snow! Hurry up,” Viv shouted. 
“Okay.” I threw off my clothes and cautiously stepped into the dress, zipping up the side. I went to the full-length mirror and twirled side to side, watching the dress glimmer. It fit perfectly. 
“Snow!” Viv hollered again.
“Keep your hair on,” I muttered, opening the door. At the top of the stairs I paused. Viv clutched her throat and she gasped. That made me smile. A part of me wondered if Viv had hoped the dress wouldn’t fit, but she said, “Snow, you look amazing.”
“Yes, you do. Like royalty,” Dad chimed in. 
Viv gave him a dark glance. Then she scowled in my direction. “Come down. Let me see you.”
I walked down the stairs. Before I reached the bottom her hands were on me, pulling and tugging. I hoped she didn’t rip any of the material. After several minutes, she said, “It isn’t perfect, but you’ll do.”
I wiped the grin off my face and nodded. “Well I’m tired. I’m going to bed.” Giving Viv an uncomfortable hug, I continued, “Thank you for the dress. It’s gorgeous. I love it.” 
She patted my arm. “Of course.” Viv moved back over to the bags, rifling through them again. 
Dad pressed me to him. 
“Thank you, Dad.”
“You’re welcome, Snow-Angel. Good night.”
“Night.” Before I started up Viv brought over a hanger nestled in a garment bag and the bag that held the mask. “Here, put the dress in the garment bag and put the mask somewhere safe.” She pressed them into my outstretched hands. 
“Thank you.” 

Chapter 2

Gatsby followed me upstairs and jumped on my bed. He curled himself into a ball and lay down, his blue-grey eyes watching.  “Do you think you’re under fed?” He licked his mouth. “Of course not. You’re the perfect size. Quite handsome.”
I hung up the garment bag and placed the sack holding the mask on the shelf above my clothes. Carefully I stepped out of the dress and hung it up inside the garment bag. 
After pulling on a cherry tank and a black pair of PJ pants I brushed my teeth, washed my face, and climbed into bed. I tucked my hands under my pillow. My fingers brushed against… something. Rolling to my stomach, I lifted the pillow. There was a red gem in the shape of a teardrop attached to a long sliver chain. It wasn’t too big or too small, about the size of my thumb. 
Under the necklace rested a piece of paper. I flipped on the lamp next to my bed and read:

Frosty,
I’d intended to wait until your birthday to give you the necklace, but I may not be able to make it. So I’m giving it to you now. The gem is filled with magic, like you. Wear it always, please. It’ll keep you safe. I’ll see you soon.
Your Hunter,
Christopher

I read the note several times. Each pass caused my heart to constrict in pain. He wouldn’t be able to make it to my birthday? It was more than a month away. Would he be gone that long? I eased the fine chain over my head, watching the gem glint against the filtered light.
It’s beautiful, I thought. 
Gatsby came over and rubbed his head against my hand, purring. I scratched him behind the ears. “I’ll be fine, kitty.” Folding the note, I tucked it under the lamp stand and turned off the light. Gatsby nudged me, a not so subtle hint that he still wanted to be petted. With a sigh I accommodated and thought about the last time I’d seen Christopher. We’d been in my kitchen. He was excited, happy even, but there’d been another emotion barely under the surface. It had to do with the wooden bear. “What’s going on?”
Weary, I closed my eyes. My mind wandered back through my day. I hadn’t done any homework. Not good. Hopefully I’d be able to get it done tomorrow during classes. 



“Snow White. Come closer.” Her voice seemed to whisper inside my mind. 
The room was circular with walls made of rectangular rocks. A darkened window prevented any light from entering. The Vampire Queen sat on a large throne. It was decorated in jewels that twinkled in the light from the candle chandeliers. All around the room sat others—women. They seemed angry, barely contained. Their eyes gleamed a golden yellow like the sun. 
Did she bring me here? “Is this Sharra?”
The Queen smiled, flashing her sharpened canines. She was so beautiful it hurt. The images I saw in the book at the Museum of the Supernatural invaded my mind. She looked like that at one point. I wondered if those kinds of vampires still existed or if they all died. 
“I see Christopher has been enlightening you. Yes, this is Sharra, a realm of my creation.” A long, old-fashioned gown hugged her curvy body and spread out around her in tones of emerald and pine. Black ribbing crisscrossed the bodice. Her thick raven-black hair was done up in hundreds of curls, a diamond tiara peeking out in front. An emerald choker captured her neck. Thick black lashes framed iridescent blue eyes. Her lips shone red as blood, as did her long manicured nails. “Come closer so that I can look at you.”
My body responded to her alluring voice, stepping forward. Would she take me now? 
You aren’t ready yet, my inner voice whispered. 
Right! I had to drink my true love’s blood first. Gathering confidence, I lifted my chin. “What do you want?” The women, probably Worker Vampires, began moving toward me, fangs bared. “No. Stop,” I shouted. It dawned on me suddenly that I was still in my PJs, but I didn’t have time to be embarrassed. I threw my hands up, hoping to keep them at bay, and a red light exploded from my palms into the woman nearest me. She burst into flames.
“Whoa!” 
Those closest to her screamed and ran when some of the flames touched them, their bodies blackening. The others stopped, their beautifully fanged faces filled with apprehension. 
“No, don’t hurt them!” the Vampire Queen shrieked.



I bolted upright, throwing off the covers and frightening Gatsby. “Sorry, boy,” I whispered, trying to calm my racing heart. Heading into the bathroom, I filled a cup with water and took a sip. A movement from behind startled me. My heart raced. Something was in my room, near the window. Like an idiot, I moved closer. It was a squat creature, like a big blob of mud with yellow cat eyes. “Are you real?”
It opened its mouth. A bright pink tongue licked two slits that I figured could be its nose. “She sees me,” it said in a raspy voice. 
“Of course I see you. Is there someone else here?” I quickly scanned the room. Gatsby stood on my bed, his back arched, and he hissed. 
“Magic, my Queen. The girl possesses magic.” Moving more rapidly than I believed possible for the pudgy little thing, it opened my window and jumped. 
“Wait!” I called. When I reached the window I peered out. It bounded across my back lawn like a giant toad and disappeared into the thick brush that lined the property. 

Chapter 3

The next morning after I got up, showered, and dressed, I went downstairs, surprised to find Vivianne in the kitchen, cooking breakfast. She had on a pair of sweatpants with the word SEXY in bold letters across her butt and a matching hot pink hoodie. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail. 
“Pancakes sound okay?” Vivianne asked, smiling. She seemed so young. 
“Um, sure.” I’d been vegan since Viv and my dad married. I wondered if she’d made the pancakes vegan friendly or if she’d made them regular. Something told me she’d fixed them her way. And, really, did it matter anymore? All I wanted was blood. Christopher’s blood. Regular food no longer appealed to me in any form.  
At the thought of Christopher, aka Chace, aka my Hunter, my heart clenched in my chest and my fingers touched the gem teardrop under my shirt.  A dark expression darted across Vivianne’s features as she gave my clothes the once over—faded jeans and a sky blue tee shirt. The Pillsbury Dough Boy winked from my chest. It took a giant effort not to comment. This was one of my favorite shirts. 
“Have a seat.” She indicated a stool under the counter with the spatula in her hand.  
“Thanks Viv. You didn’t need to do this. I could’ve made myself something.” Like my tea. I’d put the bloodlust mixture in a white stoneware canister with the words Brown Sugar across the front and left it on the counter. I moved a loaf of bread and a mustard yellow bowl filled with red apples. “Have you seen the brown sugar canister?” I asked, opening the cupboards. 
She didn’t answer and I turned to catch her staring, her face unreadable.
“Yes, dear. I threw the contents in the sink and tossed out the canister. It stunk.” Viv shrugged. “Whatever you had in there couldn’t have been any good. I know you’re a health nut and I’m fine with that, but I won’t have you doing drugs in this house.”
How did she get to drugs? “They were herbs for a tea. A-a tea I need.” I ran over to the sink, but it was empty. Fear swallowed me. I didn’t know if my lack of lust for blood was because I drank from Christopher or the tea, and I didn’t want to find out. Come to think of it, I hadn’t had any of his blood or the tea in over twenty-four hours. I breathed in and was relieved to realize that, though I could smell her blood, it didn’t cause a craving. 
“Sorry, Snow. Why don’t you sit and have a pancake?” She flipped a couple from the griddle onto a plate. 
“No, thanks. I’ve got to get to school.” I grabbed my backpack from the dining table and ran out the back door. At the bottom of the stairs I remembered I hadn’t fed Gatsby. No way was I going back in there, though. He’d be okay. Maybe my dad was right; I’d be glad to see him go because it meant he’d take her. 
I crossed the yard, making my way to Professor Pops’ house. I hoped he was home. I needed to explain the tea situation. Hopefully he could get some more from Kenmei. 
Seconds after I knocked on the door, Bart answered. He wore dark jeans and a white button down shirt. His blond hair was still a little damp, probably from a shower. 
“Hey, Snow. Come on in.” 
“Thanks, Bart.” I stepped into the high ceilinged foyer, admiring the enormous sparkling chandelier, and he closed the door. “Is Professor Pops around? I need to talk to him.”
“Yep, in the kitchen. Don’t freak out, but there’s a meat extravaganza in there. We didn’t know you were coming.” He looked guilty.
I laughed. “It’s okay. I know you guys eat meat.” Then I leaned in, trying to ignore his beating heart. “Besides, with me being a revenant and everything, I probably shouldn’t worry about the whole vegan thing anymore, ya know?”
“True. I forgot.” He sauntered into the kitchen and I followed him. 
The smell of cooking meat—bacon, sausage, and eggs—pummeled my senses and I bit back nausea. 
“Look who it is,” Bart said, taking a seat at the sleek table filled with food.
Eight sets of eyes bored into me.
“Hi guys.” I raised my hand, giving them an embarrassed wave. 
“Snow,” Professor Pops rose and placed his napkin on the table. “Is everything okay?” 
I shook my head. “Can I talk to you privately a second?” I didn’t want to worry the guys, have them think I’d become a blood-sucking crazy pants and try to bite them, or worse. 
“Sure,” he said, glancing back at the boys. “There’d better be two slices of bacon left when I get back.” To me he said, “Let’s go into my study.” 
I followed him down the narrow hall. Once he’d closed the door to his study, he asked, “What’s happened?”
“Nothing. Yet.” I absently stroked the old wooden desk we stood in front of. “It’s just my dad and stepmother came home last night.”
Professor Pops let out a frustrated huff. 
“Viv threw away my bloodlust tea.” I looked up at him, worried he’d be mad, but I could only see warmth and a slight irritation in his features. 
“That woman.” He went around to the business side of his desk and sat in a large camel-colored leather chair. “Have a seat,” he said. 
I obeyed and watched him dial a number on his cell phone. 
“Kenmei-sensai. It’s Adam.” There was a pause and a smile flitted across his lips. “I’m well, old friend.” Another pause. “It seems we’re in need of some more of your special tea.” Pause. His lips pressed together in a thin line. “Yes.” Pause. “Great. I’ll send one of the boys by to pick it up later today.” A longer pause. “Are you sure?” Pause. “Great, I’ll see you then.” He hung up the phone, rested his hands on the large calendar on his desk, and gave me a wary look. “Kenmei-sensai will bring the tea by later today. He’s also asked that he be the one to train you this afternoon. Will you be alright at school?”
Nervous flutters pirouetted in my tummy. “Yes. I think so. Thank you, Professor Pops.” For some reason Christopher’s face appeared in my mind. He wouldn’t be in chemistry or at lunch or track practice. I swallowed sadly. He’d become my ally, my friend, the only person I wanted to be around.
Yeah, there’s something wrong with that, my inner voice shouted.
“Of course.” He stood and I followed. Rubbing my shoulders, he said, “Don’t worry. You’ll be fine. I’m sure of it.” 
We made our way back into the kitchen. The guys were mostly done eating and were packing up to leave. I searched for Gabe, but he’d gone. 
“Dorian, will you give Snow a ride to school?” Professor Pops asked. 
“I’d love to.” Mischief twinkled in his eyes. That’s how Gabe used to be. I thought of the night Gabe helped me up after I fell in the parking lot at Warehouse Video. He’d told me that one day I’d feel for him the way he felt about me. That wasn’t very many days ago—five? It felt like a lifetime. As I followed Dorian to the garage and got in his beefy black Mustang, my thoughts turned to Cindy. “Did you ever hear back from Cindy?” I asked as he started the car and it roared to life. 
Distress or sorrow crossed his face, but was gone immediately. “Yes. She’s fine. I believe a dude was involved, like everyone thought. No biggie.”
Dorian was lying. Why? The teardrop gem warmed under my shirt and I grabbed a hold of it.
“Really?” I asked, not sure how to call him on the lie. “You heard from her, her actual voice?”
“I’ve talked to her, Snow.” His voice betrayed the sarcasm oozing over his words. 
His heart pounded—steady. Was it faster than normal? I wasn’t sure. Taking a deep breath, I caught a whiff of his aftershave. He smelled good. Clean. Appealing. 
His blood sang me a sultry song. My mouth watered. 
I’ll be fine I told myself, covering my nose and mouth with my hand. 
“You alright, Snow?” He glanced at me, his eyes full of concern. 
“Yes,” I mumbled.
Illumination dilated his eyes. He knew what I needed, what I wanted. The way the muscles in his thighs and shoulders tensed told me he knew. 
My face flushed the color of candied beets. “Dorian.”  
“Snow, I told you if you ever needed blood, I’d gladly let you take from me.” He quickly pulled over and, before I understood what he intended, he leaned toward me. “Go ahead,” he said, his voice soft. He turned his face so that his neck was fully exposed. Warm. His pulse quickened, as did mine. Mesmerized, I watched the blood throb. My canines grew.
“Dorian.” I heard the word leave my mouth, but didn’t recognize my voice. 
His hands came up to either side of my face. “Please,” he begged, his voice hoarse with emotion. 
I breathed in through my nose, enjoying the appealing scent of his skin. He smelled differently than Christopher. Simple. Earthy. 
A human’s blood, my inner voice cooed. 
Before I realized what I was doing, I slowly licked his neck. Tasting. Dorian moaned, which sent a lightning bolt of lust low in my belly. My lips touched his neck, and Dorian pulled me closer to him.
“Yes. Oh, please. Yes.” He cradled me in his arms. His scent was heady, intoxicating. Professor Pops said I’d drink from a human and Dorian was begging me to. How could I resist? Why? 
I grazed my canines against his neck and a red light shot between us, separating us. We both jumped.
Dorian’s eyes were glazed over. He cleared his throat, shaking his head. “What was that?”
“I’m not sure,” I responded, pressing my back into the seat, clutching my hands into fists. “We’d better get to school. We don’t want to be late.” I worked to calm my desires. 
“Okay, but remember. I’m here if you need me.” He put the car in drive and pulled back onto the road. 
“Thank you, Dorian.” I leaned my head against the seat and caught sight of someone in the side view mirror. Dressed like a hunter in fairytales—brown trousers, brown leather boots, a forest green shirt opened at the collar. Around his hips was cinched a leather belt, another strapped over his shoulder. The face was hidden in the shadows, but the way he held himself seemed vaguely familiar. My first thought was of Christopher, but I brushed that thought aside. It couldn’t be him. 
Had he seen what I’d almost done? Would he have tried to stop me? Panic glided up my spine. 
Dorian gave me a sidelong glance. “I’ll be training you after school today.”
“Cool,” I said, forcing my lips to a smile. No sense telling him I’d actually be training with Kenmei. He’d find out soon enough.

Chapter 4

Dorian was right. When I walked into chemistry class, Cindy was sitting in her seat. She glanced up as I ambled past our table. 
“Kon’nichiwa,” she said. 
My eyebrows lifted in question, though for some reason I understood she’d said hello—good afternoon specifically—in Japanese. Ohaiyogazimasu meant good morning. My heart lurched with apprehension. 
Maybe the pendant?
Or you’re a nut job. My inner voice sounded smug. 
“That means hello in Japanese,” she said, her face filled with pride. “I’m soooooo over French. The language is,” she paused and shrugged before continuing, “boring.” 
I hid a smile. Once the newness of a language wore off and started to get difficult, she moved on. “Hey yourself,” I responded. “What happened to you yesterday? I was worried.”
She looked irritated a moment but waved it off. “I had some stuff to do.”
I snorted. “Flirting with a boy kind of stuff?” I asked, pulling out my binder and book, and flopping them on the table. 
She twirled some of her blond hair in her fingers and winked. “So what’s going on with you and Charming?” She nodded toward his empty chair and my heart dropped into my stomach. He’d left. I didn’t know where, but he’d said he wasn’t coming back for a while. 
“Nothing.” 
Cindy let out an exasperated grunt and rolled her eyes. The girl was way too perceptive. 
“Fine, I like him, but nothing big.” I felt for the gem hanging under my shirt and wrapped my fingers over it. 
I crave his blood, that’s it, I thought.
It’s more than his blood, my inner voice chided.  
Cindy made a face and I laughed nervously. “Have you seen Chri—Chace?” Figured I might as well pretend I didn’t know he’d left. 
“No.” She shook her head for emphasis. “Haven’t seen him.” Her voice caught as she spoke the words. She was lying. Before I could control my expression, my eyes scrunched together, accusing. “What?’ she said. “ I-I haven’t seen him since yesterday.” Cindy turned away, fiddling with the ragged edges of her notebook paper. 
The bell rang and Mr. Wallace, ever the timely teacher, walked in and started class. He passed out an assignment and began talking, but I wasn’t listening. 
When the bell rang Cindy was out of her seat and at the door before I’d picked up my backpack. Taking a deep breath, I walked out of class. 



At lunch I sat in my usual spot. The guys made their way over. Gabe and Cindy entered the cafeteria together and got in the lunch line. They were talking, their words and gestures animated. Cindy blushed. I gripped my plastic fork so tight it snapped in two. The guys, who’d been talking randomly, glanced at me. 
“What’s up, Snow?” Dorian asked. When I didn’t answer he turned to see what made me so upset. Clearing his throat, he said, “Don’t worry about them.”
I nodded and tried to focus on the mandarin orange cup I’d chosen for lunch. It wasn’t right to be jealous. I knew that. Christopher—even thinking his name punched a hole in my gut—and I were secretly doing things that didn’t make it right for me to be green-eyed, but I was.
Gabe brushed Cindy’s hair from her face, and that was the last straw. My mind zeroed in on Gabe like a stalker with binoculars. Adjusting my senses, I listened to his rapidly beating heart. Smelled the scent of his body wash, the decadent aroma of his blood, his skin. I heard him talking. 
“Want to come with me to Warehouse Video after school? We could grab a coffee and talk,” Gabe said to Cindy. 
Cindy giggled. The one she used when she flirted. “Okay. My shift at Bertilini’s ends at seven. Can we meet after?”
He smiled. My heart broke. 
“Sure. I’ll pick you up.”
Cindy nodded. “Great.” She selected some food and scanned the room, her eyes finding mine. I heard the intake of her breath and could only imagine the emotion plastered on my face. Anger. Fury. Possibly avocado—the shade of sick jealousy. 
Gabe must’ve heard her because he glanced up before following her gaze. 
“Snow, chill. Really. You don’t understand,” Dorian said, squeezing my hand. 
I yanked my hand away. “No. I understand completely. And it hurts.” I picked up my tray. “See you later.”
I heard Cindy call my name, but couldn’t answer. Fury like I’d never experienced boiled in my veins. The lunchroom turned hazy. Every heartbeat pounded through me, hundreds of harmonized drums. The intoxicating scent of the blood of every person in that room packed my veins, but most especially Cindy’s. I knew somehow it was hers, and I wanted to drain her—not in the way I’d thought about drinking from Dorian. Not even close. I wanted her blood to be mine. 
I wanted her dead. 
That knowledge rocked me with guilt, with fear, but mostly with exhilaration. 
Professor Pops’ words entered my thoughts. “The more blood you drink, the more like a vampire you’ll become. It’s like anything in life; if you work to keep yourself as human as possible, that part of you will remain, will be the strongest. If you consume human blood, the way a vampire does, that part of you will become the strongest.”
I knew if I drank from Cindy I’d kill her. I wouldn’t stop. 
She’s your best friend, my inner voice retorted horrified. 
I had to get out of there. Someplace quiet.
The library.
I went inside and found an empty table in the back.  I dropped my backpack on the table, fell into the chair, crossed my arms, and dropped my forehead on them. Hot tears spilled. 
Taking a deep breath, I pushed away the desires for Cindy’s blood, my desires to hurt her. She’d told me she liked him. Plus, she’d been my best friend a long time and she was a good person. 
I should be angry with Gabe. He’d caved, broken his promise because I’d been bitten. That wasn’t my fault. How could he be so cruel? I needed him—at least his friendship. Not the cold shoulder he gave me. And Christopher. Seeing Cindy with Gabe would’ve been a lot easier if he’d been there. If he hadn’t left.
Everyone leaves, my inner voice scolded. 
I swallowed a sob. 
And heard a high-pitched cough. Lifting my head I saw Pava, the periwinkle blue pixilette I’d met in Sharra. 
“Pava?” I whispered.
She fluttered to my arm and bowed. “Snow. You are in danger. Watch the shadows and tell no one you have the pendant Christopher gave you. Never take it off. Promise.” She fell to her knees. 
“What’s wrong?” I cried, concerned. 
“Promise,” she wheezed, falling forward. 
“I promise.” Carefully I lifted her into my hand. No longer blue, she’d become dingy, like a dirty wet sock. A wing fell off. Paper thin, I watched the veins turn from blue to grey to white. 
She patted my hand. 
“Pava,” I whispered, and heard the desperation in my voice. “What can I do? How can I help?”
A smile touched her lips as she began to shimmer. A reddish glow emanated from her, and then she was gone.
“Pava?” I shouted, standing. 
The librarian came around the corner. “Everything alright?”
I searched, frantic, a second longer. “Y-yes. Sorry.” I swiped my backpack, brushed away a tear, and left the library.
I needed to talk to someone, but who?
Professor Pops, of course, my inner voice admonished. 
No, I couldn’t talk to him. But what about the Museum of the Supernatural? There might be something about the necklace in the book on pixilettes. I’d check it out tonight, right after school. Skip track and head over to Professor Pops. I could do some reading before training. My insides froze at the thought of practicing with the wise old Hunter. 
What about the laptop? If you quit track, your dad and stepmother won’t buy you one, my inner voice said sarcastically. 
So what? If I wanted a laptop, I’d just buy myself one. What would my dad and stepmother do? Ground me? They never stayed around long enough. 

Chapter 5

After school I went over to Dorian’s locker to wait. Out of everyone he was the one person I felt most comfortable with, even with thoughts of sinking my teeth in his neck. He allowed me to be myself. He accepted me, liked me. And he wanted me to drink from him. My knees trembled. 
“Snow. Can we talk?” 
My body tightened. The hall blurred. An angry craving for Cindy’s blood strained my heart. I had to get out of there. Taking off, I hollered, “Go away. I-I can’t be around you right now.”
I knew she followed. I’d zoned in on her heartbeat, the aroma of her blood. My canines pressed against my lips. 
Out in the crisp fall air I searched the school parking lot for Dorian’s car. The Mustang still sat in the same spot he’d parked in that morning. Relieved, I rushed over, hoping Dorian would come soon. 
When I arrived at the passenger door, I stopped. Trapped. Cindy stood a few feet away, her face screwed up with sadness. My heart sank. “What do you want?”
“I miss you,” she whispered, her bottom lip trembled. “Ever since I went to the Cape you’ve been weird. Different. Did I do something to make you mad at me?” She stepped closer. 
The pounding of her heart forcing blood through her veins made the back of my throat ache. “No. You didn’t do anything. I—” This wasn’t her fault. Gabe chose Cindy. He returned her affections. 
You don’t deserve Gabe. You’ve been making out with Christopher, my inner voice rebuked. 
I tried to calm down. I closed my eyes, thinking about the necklace resting between my breasts, near my heart. A reminder of Christopher, of the pixilette that’d died in my hand in the library. Being jealous of Cindy was the least of my worries. Inhaling a deep breath, I forced myself to relax and opened my eyes. 
Her face was inches from mine. A frightened scream escaped my lips. How had she done that? 
“Cindy?” I gulped, pressing my back against the doorframe. 
“I’ve changed too, you know. We should talk.” A glint of humorous annoyance flickered in her eyes.
“O-Okay,” I sputtered. Her face seemed slightly different, more angular. Her cheeks hollow, her blue eyes more dazzling blue. 
“Cindy,” Dorian barked. “Get away from her.”
Cindy seemed to move back faster than I believed possible. She turned on her heel and started to walk off. A moment later she paused and looked back. “Tomorrow night? Let’s get together, ’kay?” 
“Sure,” I agreed, swallowing a strange panic that’d crept in.
After she’d gone, Dorian pushed a button to unlock the door. I climbed in and waited for him. 
“You okay?” he asked.
I nodded. “Yeah, I’m fine. What is up with her?”
He seemed about ready to tell me, but changed his mind. “I don’t know.”
“You’re lying, Dorian.” He was a terrible liar. 
“Yeah I am, but I can’t say anything. Professor Pops asked me not to. Not yet.”
My mouth hung open. “Why? Does he really think anything can shock me at this point?”
Dorian started the car and pulled out of the parking lot. When we were headed toward home, he said, “There’s still a lot that can surprise you. Just be careful.”

Chapter 6

Dorian dropped me off at my front door. I figured I should probably let my dad know I’d be at Professor Pops so he didn’t worry. It seemed like the responsible thing to do. Tossing my backpack on the table, I went to the refrigerator and grabbed a bottled water.
“I’m home,” I called out after taking a sip. The cool liquid soothed my parched throat. 
No one answered so I went into the living room, then upstairs where I knocked on their bedroom door. 
They weren’t home. 
I made my way back downstairs. On the kitchen counter leaned a folded piece of paper. It just said they’d gone out and would be back later. 
“Fine. Two can play this game.”
If I’d had a phone they could’ve left me a message or texted me. I’d at least know when they were coming home. Grabbing a pen, I flipped the paper over and wrote: Next door at Mr. Henry’s. I’ll be back around nine.
In my bedroom I changed into a pair of black sweats, brushed through my hair, and walked over to Professor Pops’. Salvatore answered.
“You’re early.” By the look on his face he’d expected me. Dorian probably filled him in. 
At the bottom of the stairs he patted my back. “How are you doing with all this?” He motioned with his hands around the room. 
“Fine. A lot to learn.” I swallowed. 
“Yeah, I’ve had years to learn about all the creatures and it still blows my mind.”
I was stunned. Had I expected them to find out about the Museum of the Supernatural at the same time I did? That wasn’t right. Professor Pops said the guys had been trained. “How old were you when you found out about these creatures?” I walked over to a lemon yellow pixilette. At the sight of her—dead—I thought about Pava. Poor thing. This creature was in a case behind the dragon. 
Salvatore followed closely behind. 
“Professor Pops revealed this room to us when we were twelve and thirteen. We trained with the swords, arrows, and such from the day I arrived.” 
“Really? Wow. What did you think?”
Salvatore laughed. “The truth is most of us came from...” he paused and ran a hand through his shiny black hair before going on, “less than perfect households. We’d lived in horrible foster homes, or facilities that kept us like prisoners.
“Training with Pops, the things he taught us about life, about respect for others and ourselves, the world.” He shrugged. “I don’t know about the others, but I’d do just about anything for Pops. So when he showed us the room, a couple of the brothers,” he let out a self-conscious laugh before continuing, “freaked, I guess is the right word. For me it’s hard to explain, but it was like I already knew these creatures existed and Pops confirmed what I believed.” He laughed again. “Silly, right?” He looked embarrassed. 
“Not at all.”  I certainly could understand why some of the brothers freaked. If I hadn’t been bitten I probably would be a basket case. As it was I kept meeting new supernatural beings and dealt with them as it happened, which reminded me of the beast I’d seen in my room last night. 
“Have you ever seen a creature about this tall?” I marked my leg at the knee as I continued, “His entire body is brown, like mud. He sort of looks like a frog, but the eyes are more like those of a cat. Plus it can talk.”
Salvatore’s face paled. “You saw one?”
I nodded. “Last night. In my room.”
“Did you tell Professor Pops?” He seemed alarmed.
“No.”
He balked.
“What? A lot’s happened, and I forgot.”
He exhaled. “They are despicable creatures called gremlins.” He spat. “I’ve encountered one before. Evil and vile, but easy to kill.” He walked past the pixies. “They can morph into anything, so we call them changelings. All are loyal to the Vampire Queen, but only a select few can see the creatures when they are in their true form.” He stopped in front of a small case. It was only about eight inches square. Inside was what looked like a moth, only it had two yellow eyes, like a cat. Salvatore pulled out the book, took it to the pedestal, and said, “Appendix D.”
The old pages flipped to the back of the book. When it stopped I gazed at the pictures. On the left page sat the gremlin in its true form, and on the facing page were pictures of a wasp, an elephant, a beautiful woman, and a small puppy. The one telltale feature was the eyes—in all its forms it retained the yellow eyes of a cat.
“What did it say to you?” Salvatore asked.
“Hmmm.” I paused, scared. Should I tell him?
You can trust him, my inner voice huffed. 
“He seemed to be talking to someone else and commented that I had magic.” I shrugged, peering into his dark chocolate eyes. 
“We’d better tell Pops for sure. Come on.” He put the book back and grabbed my hand, pulling me up the stairs. 
My stomach tightened in knots. Kenmei would be here soon, if he wasn’t already, and I had a feeling our conversation would be about more than my fighting stance. I grabbed at the necklace and felt its warmth enfold me. 
Where are you, Christopher? I thought, wishing he was here. 

Chapter 7

When Kenmei arrived he took one look at me and pulled me into Professor Pops’ office. 
“You’ve changed, Shiryo-san,” he said as soon as the door closed behind him. 
I gulped down my fear. “Have I?”
“No sense playing coy, revenant.” His voice sounded harsh, his eyes hard with anger. “If you intend to survive another month you’ve got to trust Adam Henry, the brothers, and me.” He sat in the chair next to mine and took my trembling hands. His eyes softened. “I can help, Shiryo-san. Talk to me.”
I nodded, pushing back threatening tears. Warmth spread from his hands into my skin. With my new abilities I listened for his heartbeat. 
He didn’t have one, though I sensed his innate goodness.
“Start at the beginning.”
And I did. Told him everything. The more I talked, the more relieved I became. I hadn’t realized how much of a burden I carried, keeping all that happened—and there was a lot—a secret. As I spoke Kenmei nodded occasionally, but kept quiet. He didn’t ask questions, as though he didn’t need to, and didn’t interject. He listened. 
When I finished I pulled the pendant from beneath my shirt. 
“This is the pendant Christopher left me,” I said, and added, “He told me not to take it off, as did Pava, the pixilette I saw in the library today.”
He released my hand and took the gem between his fingers. It flared red, the essence permeating his fingers so they glowed. From the light of the pendant I watched his eyes fill with admiration, so close I could smell the spicy scent of my bloodlust tea on him, and guessed he still carried it on his person, somewhere within his royal blue robe. 
After several minutes he dropped the pendant and sat back. “I’ll bet you believe you’ve lived a lifetime these past days,” he said quietly. 
I nodded, too overcome with emotion to answer. 
Even quieter, he added, “Let’s see how you feel after you’ve lived a century or two.” A sad smile, almost more of an echo of a smile, formed on his lips. “After seven thousand years I’m tired, Shiryo-san.” His voice was filled with melancholy, his eyes glassed over like he was far away in another time. 
I swallowed, unsure how to respond. 
Clearing his throat, he perked up. “Thank you for your honesty.”
“You’re welcome.” My fingers fidgeted in my lap.
“Christopher is right. No harm will come to you while you wear the pendant. It gives the possessor strong magic. Perhaps there is more to your Hunter then I first believed. He seems to care for you, otherwise he wouldn’t have parted with such great magic.” 
“Oh?” I asked, sitting up. For some reason his words made me feel better. Christopher cared for me.
My inner voice snorted.
“There is only one of these in all the world, Shiryo-san. May I tell you a story?”
“Of course,” I replied, knowing he would even if I didn’t want to hear it, but I totally did. 
“When the world began, vampires ruled the world.” I nodded. That piece of information I already knew. Professor Pops had shown them to me. “Ah, so you’ve seen the pictures then, heard the story?” 
I’d failed to mention the talk with Professor Pops. I’d forgotten. His words hadn’t seemed accusatory. “Yes. Professor Pops told me they lived before humans. I’ve seen the pictures. He told me how the Vampire Queen was the fairest, and about the war.”
“Excellent. Did he mention who the first vampire was?”
I racked my brain. “No, I don’t think so.”
“The first vampire was a female by the name of Silindra. Before the rise of the one you know as the Vampire Queen, she was called Sharra and she was Silindra’s closest friend, but she was so much more. Sharra and Silindra were twins. Sisters.”
I gasped. 
Kenmei nodded in understanding. “Yes, that is why her realm is called Sharra. Now she is known only as the Vampire Queen, though she allows a select few to call her by her real name.” He waved his hand. “Before Sharra’s rise, Silindra ruled the Earth. She did so with kindness, equality. Her nature was such that everyone loved her, revered her, and even worshipped her above all other creatures.”
“Silindra.” I’d said her name without meaning to. When I did the gem began to glow. 
“When the Vampire Queen started to gain followers a male vampire named Gabriel, doing the bidding of Sharra, captured Silindra and took her deep within the earth where he tortured her for many days.” A darkness crossed Kenmei’s face, rippling pain.  
I almost reached out to comfort him but resisted, caressing the gem within my fingers. 
Kenmei continued, “On the tenth day, when Silindra hovered between life and death, Gabriel raised a dagger above his head, preparing to slay her. But before he could Silindra lifted a hand and said…” Kenmei’s voice trailed off as though he’d been whisked away in the story and couldn’t bear it any longer. 
“What did she say?” I asked, my voice hoarse with emotion. 
“She said one word,” he finally continued. 
“Which was?”
“Wait.” His voice broke and I leaned closer, thinking I’d misunderstood.
“Wait?” 
His dark eyes captured mine and held me. “You see, Shiryo-san, even near death the love she harbored for all other creatures was foremost on her mind.”
At his words my throat constricted with sadness. Such love, I couldn’t understand it.
“Gabriel paused, and asked, ‘What is it, Silindra?’ She begged him to allow her to place one of her tears in the golden gem around her neck, and after she died to give it to a pixilette named Ryden. Gabriel’s heart softened, and he agreed. What he didn’t realize was that the gem around her neck already contained five magical properties—the courageous soul of a dragon, the eternal sight of an elf, the healing horn of a unicorn, the strength of a troll, and the giving heart of a fairy. Gabriel added her tear, stuffed the gem in his pocket, and killed Silindra. After he finished, he left Silindra’s body in the Earth, found the pixilette Ryden, and gave her the necklace, thus fulfilling his end of the bargain. 
“Within moments of the gem being in Ryden’s possession, she used its magic to take the final component needed to seal the magic within the gem—the blood of the slaughterer, Gabriel’s blood. With all seven magical components contained, the gem changed from golden to red.” 
I considered the pendant around my neck. Without a doubt I knew it was the same one Silindra had worn. 
“It’s called The Seal of Gabriel, because without his blood the magic would’ve been lost.”
Kenmei’s words brought down the weight of the power I carried. “Why would she create this?”
“Ah, Shiryo-san. A very good question. She created that necklace for you.”
I looked at him like he’d lost his mind. “Impossible.”
“With everything that’s happened to you over the last several days, how can you say that?” He took my hand and squeezed. “The magic contained within the pendant is powerful, and anyone who understands magic can use it, increasing their power at least ten fold, but you… Shiryo-san, you can restore balance, bring peace back to Earth by destroying the Vampire Queen.”
I snorted. Very unladylike, I know. Super disrespectful too, but I wasn’t buying it. “I bet you say that to all the girls.”
He jumped from his seat, fury flashing in his eyes. Like the strike of a cobra he grabbed me by the collar and lifted me in the air so that my feet dangled. “No, Shiryo-san! Never in seven thousand years has the gem worked for others the way it works for you.” As if to prove his point a red ball of light shot from the pendant and into Kenmei. He dropped me and went flying backward into the bookcase. Books tumbled onto his head and he groaned. “Don’t you see?” He looked up, his face anxious. 
Fear, hot and thick, filled my throat. “No, I don’t.” I ran to the door.  “You’re crazy. Leave me alone.” I threw open the door, startling the seven brothers and Professor Pops, who hovered in the hallway. 
They scared me, and I yelped before regaining my wrath. Methodically I found each set of eyes. Once I’d considered them, I said, “I don’t want to see any of you ever again. Stay away from me, all of you!” I stormed from the house, my body moving like the wind. 
At home I ran up to my room and threw myself on my bed. Gatsby followed and jumped up, nudging me with his furry forehead. Rolling over, I picked him up and hugged him. He hissed and let out a painful yowl. In the same instant I smelled burning flesh. I released him and noticed the scorched fur surrounding a red welt on his side. 
“I’m so sorry.” Furious tears poured from my eyes and leaked into my ears. “I don’t want any of this. I didn’t ask for any of this.” Sitting up, I reached around and pulled the necklace off, then chucked it at my dresser. I’d been aiming for the picture of Gabe—his gorgeous smile seemed to leer at me—but missed, and it smacked against a perfume bottle before skidding off the back of my dresser. 
“Good riddance.” I flipped onto my stomach and fell asleep.  

Chapter 8

When my alarm went off the next morning I noticed my mother’s blanket covered me. I knew I hadn’t set the alarm, which meant either Dad or Vivianne had. 
After I dressed I went downstairs and noticed two significant items sitting on the counter: a cell phone and a laptop. On top sat a note. Freakin’ notes! It said the phone was already programmed and they’d downloaded some necessary programs to the laptop. Then they said they’d gone out to breakfast and they hoped to see me after school. 
“They are so present,” I scoffed, sarcastic, before grabbing Gatsby’s food and water. I hadn’t seen him yet this morning and wondered if he was still mad. A pang of loneliness washed through me. The brothers wouldn’t be coming over today. I knew they’d bide by my wishes. Christopher was gone. My dad had Viv, and I had… 
Cindy! 
Time to patch things up. Unlocking my new phone, I dialed her number. 
“Who the hell is this?” she answered.
I laughed, enjoying the sound of her voice. “Guess who got a cell? Come on, guess.”
“Snow? Is that you?” I could hear her happy relief.
I sighed. “Yes, it’s me. Dad and Viv got me a laptop too, so no more track practice. Woohoo!” 
“They must feel really guilty about something. What’d they do?”
I grabbed a water from the fridge and opened it. As I drank, an overwhelming need for blood scorched my throat. No. No. No. I grabbed a soy yogurt, pulled off the top, and put a spoonful in my mouth. The yogurt tasted ashy, but I ignored it. Act human. That’s what Pops said. 
Another pang of guilt hit me.
“Snow, you still there?”
“Yep. So you still want to get together after school?”
“Hells to the yeah. We can hang at my place if you want.” 
The note my dad and stepmother left said they wanted to see me tonight. “How about we hang out at my house?” 
“Okay. Are you genki?”
I giggled. “What is gen-ki?” 
She laughed. “Basically the word means happy.”
“Oh, well sure. It’s been a while since my dad’s been home. I’m glad he’s back.” I didn’t tell her that I’d seen him all of half an hour the night before.
“Cool. So I’ll see you at school in a few.”
“Yep.”
After we hung up, she texted me.
U hav a cell. U so awesum! 
There was a winky face after the exclamation point. I had no idea how to text on my pretty new phone, but I figured it was probably easy. I’d go through it later. Plus, since I had to ride my bike, I needed to hurry. Carefully placing the laptop and phone between my math and chemistry books, I put my backpack on and rode to school on my purple Schwinn. 


“Will you set the table, Snow?” Vivianne was at the sink, draining the spiral noodles. The chicken cacciatore already sat in a serving dish, as did a green salad and some dinner rolls. 
“Sure.” I took four plates from the cupboard and set them on the counter.  
“I’ll help, Viv,” Cindy added, sneaking a caramelized onion drenched in red sauce. She pulled placemats from the drawer and set them on the table. I followed her, setting the plates on top. In a low voice she said, “What’s up with Viv and cooking? This is new.”
I shrugged. “Got me.” 
Cindy pulled two wine glasses and two regular glasses from the cupboard. “Viv, did you want me to open a bottle of wine?”
Vivianne put the noodles in a ceramic serving bowl and took it over to the table. “That’s alright. I’ll get the wine.”
Cindy crinkled her nose. “Okay.” 
I grabbed the silverware. Cindy folded the napkins. Just as we finished setting the table, my dad walked in. 
“Hello beautiful ladies. Mind if I join you?” He wore crisp tan pants and a white linen shirt, his thick hair combed just so. I discreetly checked out Viv. She had on a red cashmere sweater and gray pants. Cindy looked good too, in a black mini with black leggings, black boots that came to her knees, and a fuchsia cable-knit sweater. 
Viv said, “Of course, dear.” She gave him a sly smile, and I wondered what was going on with those two. 
Cindy and I finished putting everything on the table. Once we were all seated, Viv uncorked a bottle of wine and poured a glass for her and my dad. 
While we ate, I couldn’t help thinking about school. The guys tried to talk to me at lunch and after school, but I wasn’t giving them the opportunity. 
Cindy sat with me at lunch in a different section of the cafeteria. When she asked why we weren’t sitting with the guys, I told her it was so I could concentrate on learning how to text. Another reason was I didn’t want to see Cindy and Gabe together. At the moment Cindy was my only friend, and I didn’t want to be mad at her too. 
She’d obviously given the guys my cell number though because I recognized their numbers. They called and texted throughout the day but I ignored them, deleting their messages and texts without reading or listening. 
You’re acting like a baby, my inner voice scolded. 
I knew that was true, but I didn’t want any more of the drama. I couldn’t be what they wanted. Me. Klutzy Snow White. I wasn’t super smart, nor was I incredibly pretty, like Cindy. I was average. 
You are so much more than that, a male voice whispered in my mind. It sounded like Christopher, but I shook the thought away. He’d left without giving me a reason. 
I wanted things to go back to the way they were. Sure, people laughed at my clumsiness and made up jokes about me, but I didn’t mind. I knew where I fit in. 
“Aren’t you going to eat?” Viv asked, interrupting my thoughts. Her eyes appeared sad, as though I hurt her feelings by not eating.  
I glanced at the salad on my plate. Picking up my fork, I stabbed a cucumber and shoved it in my mouth. “Thanks for dinner,” I said once I swallowed. 
“Yes, thanks,” Cindy added. “The cacciatore is delicious.” 
My dad grabbed Viv’s hand and squeezed. “You’ve outdone yourself, dear.” He kissed her cheek, then cleared his throat. “Snow, we have some news.”
I was in the process on putting another cucumber in my mouth and stopped. “You do?” Anxiety twisted in my stomach.
He cleared his throat again. “Your mother and I have to leave for Tahiti tonight, right after dinner. There’s an emergency and I’ve got to go help out.”
I dropped my fork. “But you just got here. I-I haven’t even had a chance to spend time with you.” I glared at Viv. “And she is not my mother.” Grabbing my plate I pushed back my chair and placed the plate in the sink. 
“Snow,” my dad said, shocked.
Why didn’t he ever ask me to go with him? I could homeschool, or he could get me a tutor.  “Can I come with you?” I asked, working to control my trembling bottom lip. 
Cindy gasped. “Don’t leave me.” Tears made her eyes shiny. I hadn’t thought about how my going would affect her, but I had a feeling she’d be fine. 
“What about school?” Viv asked. 
My dad stood and came over. He placed a hand on each of my shoulders and I dove into him, hugging him tight. “Dad, I need you. Please take me.” I knew I sounded like a child, but I couldn’t help myself. He was my dad and all the family I had. I didn’t want him to leave me again. He returned my hug briefly before pushing me back. 
I saw the worry in his eyes and the way his forehead scrunched together. “Snow, I can’t. You have your school here, your life. I won’t take you from the only place you’ve ever known.” His words sounded sincere, but I felt him bristle. He didn’t want me around. I listened to the rapid beating of his heart, smelled the fear overpowering his aftershave. Didn’t he love me anymore? A part of me wanted to shout that my life could be wherever he was if he would just love me, treat me like his daughter—but I stepped back. My shoulders slumped and I thought I might fall over. Small, warm hands wrapped around my shoulders. 
“I’ll take good care of her.” Cindy’s words were filled to brimming with protection and something else.
Magic, my inner voice whispered. 
No way, I thought as the fountain of tears I kept fighting poured out. 
I heard Vivianne heave an annoyed sigh. “I guess dinner is over.” 
Had I not been so heartbroken I might’ve flashed my fangs and shown Viv that dinner, at least for me, had just begun. Instead I pulled away from Cindy and ran upstairs. Gatsby and Cindy followed. 

Chapter 9

Cindy closed the door and whispered, “Man, your stepmother can be kind of a bitch.”
“I know, right?” I sat on my bed and pulled my pillow into my arms. A part of me always believed Viv liked Cindy more than me and I thought Cindy liked Viv. Her relationship with her mom and dad was good, but they were older and Cindy was their youngest, so her parents didn’t do much by way of relating. 
A naughty gleam lit Cindy’s face. “I could cast a spell, cover her face in boils. What do you think?” She sat down next to me, pushing a strand of hair away from my wet cheek. 
I laughed. “Might be fun,” I said noncommittally.
She went over and picked up her backpack. After she’d sat again, she unzipped her backpack and removed a small book. As soon as I saw it the air in the room changed. It hummed as though alive. The book possessed some serious energy.  
It appeared to be bound by a leather cord. Most of the jacket was covered in a rusty red material. Cindy held it out and nodded for me to take it. 
“What is this?” I asked, feeling hesitant. Creepy or weird didn’t fully describe the book. Bizarre was close. In the center of the cover was an eye. It looked real, like a lizard’s. A scaly face in a combination of violets and reds surrounded the eye. “Can the eye… see me?”
Cindy laughed. “Probably. The book is known as the Eye of Abernathy, the first and most powerful dragon ever to have lived on Earth.” 
“A dragon?” I rubbed my thumbs over the edges of the cover, staying clear of the eye.  Soft, sleek, and smooth like a lizard’s skin. “What’s inside?”
Cindy gave me one of her famous looks: No duh, this one said. Out loud she added, “Abernathy’s spells. This is the oldest, most powerful book on the planet.”
I snorted. “Really? Why do you have it?” Immediately after the words left my mouth I regretted them. 
Hurt, she said, “Harsh.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it the way it came out.” I scooted closer and hit her knee with mine. I didn’t know how to ask her where the book came from or when she got it. Something told me the book was related to the pendant. I was still ignoring that part of my new life and didn’t want to tell Cindy any of it, so I waited.
Cindy took the book from me and slowly started turning pages. A sweet stench rose from the pages, like dried flowers. “Remember the other day, when I left school?” Her voice was soft, filled with wonder. 
“Yes. You scared me.”
“Sorry.” She looked at me, sorrow on her face. I smacked her knee with mine again. It was no big deal now that I knew she was safe. “Anyway, my mother’s aunt showed up at school, and said she needed to talk.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah, it was weird. She said…” her voice trailed off. “Don’t freak out, okay? Promise?”
“How can I freak out if I don’t even know what you’re going to tell me?”
Cindy laughed nervously and brushed her hair off her neck. “It’s just…” She drew in a deep breath. “You know how I’m a descendent of the Towne sisters?” 
“Yeah,” I said slowly. 
“Well apparently they really were witches, and powerful.” She crossed her legs.
“I thought we decided if the sisters were real witches they would’ve kicked some serious townspeople butt and escaped, or at least turned the accusers into frogs.” That was the story Cindy and I told each other since second grade when we first found out she was a descendant. Our teacher, Miss Field, taught us about the Salem Witch Trials and the Salem Hysteria in social studies. We knew most of the craziness happened in the town now known as Danvers, not in Salem.
Cindy cleared her throat. “It turns out when the town accused them, the sisters made a pact to fake their own deaths, if necessary, and allow the townspeople to think they died so they could move on and live their lives elsewhere. My aunt says she believes they may still be alive.”
“Wait, so did they hurt those people? Make them crazy?”
Cindy huffed. “Of course not. They were too important, their magic too special for such trivialities.” The words sounded rehearsed. “The sisters used their magic more subtly, for a greater cause.”
“Oh, okay.” My mind went back to Kenmei’s words. He’d said the pendant never worked for anyone the way it worked for me.
Cindy continued, “The book is passed down to the next closest female descendant in their sixteenth year. So she gave it to me.” Her hand stopped flipping pages and I read the words across the top. 
“Locator spell,” I said aloud. 
“Yes, it’s so cool. If you lose anything, even a person, you can use this spell to find it or them.”
For some reason the fact she chose that particular spell made the little hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. What did she hope to find?
The Seal of Gabriel, my inner voice whispered. 
“R-Really?” I closed my eyes and quickly opened them. I certainly didn’t want the responsibility of the necklace, but every bone in my body told me it would be bad, very bad, if Cindy got her hands on it. Tomorrow I’d give it to Professor Pops. Surely there was another Marked who could restore balance and destroy the Vampire Queen.
“Want to help me give the spell a shot?” Cindy pulled a candle from her backpack. 
“Um, yes, okay,” I said, trying to think of a way to postpone what was about to happen. No part of me doubted her words. I sensed the book’s power. If she said she could do a spell, I believed her. I wondered briefly if that was what Dorian meant at school earlier. Did the guys know something about the sisters? About Cindy’s family? About the Eye of Abernathy? 
“What should we try to locate?” Cindy asked. 
Before I answered, Viv poked her head in. Her eyes zeroed in on the candle and the spell book simultaneously. “We’re leaving, Snow. You should come down and say good-bye to your father.”
Anger—at her, at my dad, at Professor Pops and the brothers, at Kenmei, and even at Cindy—overwhelmed my body. I felt my canines grow and, without thought, I ripped open the door and grabbed Viv, her neck and shoulder exposed. 
Viv gasped.
That’s right, I thought. I’m not some little kid you can push around anymore. As suddenly as I thought the words, darkness began to creep through my mind. 
Someone chanted sounds in a strange language. Peace enveloped me and I closed my eyes. 
“Sleep, young one. You’re almost ready.”

Chapter 10

The next morning, when I woke, I felt different. Stronger. More relaxed with what I was—a revenant and nothing more. 
Sure, my dad left. I’d pushed away the people most important to me, namely my seven best friends and their adoptive father, Professor Pops, but I could handle the situation. I just wanted to feel like myself again: a normal, if klutzy, teenager. 
Certainly not some Deliverer for the supernatural.  
The necklace wasn’t created for me. It was made more than seven thousand years ago. 
Kenmei’s been alive that long, my inner voice whispered. 
No. I refused to believe that, in a sea of billions, the gem was meant for me. 
After my shower I put on the usual: jeans and a white tee shirt, along with my Converse and a black belt. 
And even though I refused to wear the Seal of Gabriel, after last night I knew the necklace needed to be kept safe. Reaching behind my lavender dresser I felt for it, but couldn’t reach. So I pulled the dresser away from the wall. I found a few dust bunnies and a pencil, but the necklace wasn’t there. 
I went over in my mind exactly how I’d thrown it. For sure the chain hit a perfume bottle. I shifted all five of the pretty bottles, their scents permeating the air as I moved them. Then, thinking maybe I was mistaken, I rummaged around in my closet, checked under my bed, in my covers, and behind my window curtains. By the time I finished I was sweaty and still empty handed. 
“Ugh! Where could it be?” Had Cindy taken the pendant? I remembered her telling me about the Locator spell and Viv coming in. I was angry, about to bite. Had Viv or Cindy seen my canines? Probably not, or I would’ve been in an asylum right now instead of my room. There was chanting, and I… what? Fell asleep? Passed out? How had I found my way back to my bed? I hadn’t said good-bye to my dad. The night before swam in hazy recollection. 
Cindy must have taken the necklace. I dragged my phone from my back pocket and texted her. 
Did u use the Locator spell? 
And hit send. It was an easy enough question without sounding accusatory.
Moments later I heard a bell sound, which meant I received a text. 
Didn’t get a chance. Viv sent me home. Why?
Sheesh! Where could it be? I texted back. 
No reason. C U in a few.

 Had Vivianne taken it? Hurriedly I ran downstairs, fed Gatsby, and got on my bike. It was getting easier to pedal. Easier to move, period. 
With each turn of the wheels, as I moved closer to the school, my worry for the necklace dissipated. If the necklace was gone, that meant I wasn’t accountable for ending the Vampire Queen and restoring balance. Right? 
See, everything leaves you, my inner voice chided.
I shrugged. 
“Good.”

Chapter 11

One morning, several days after bolting from Professor Pops’ house, I came downstairs and noticed a package sitting on the counter. Under it was a note that said: Remember, twice a day. By the smell I knew it contained my bloodlust tea. Without opening it I placed the tea in the Sugar canister and did my best to forget.
I was strong, the tea unnecessary. Whether because of drinking Christopher’s blood or some other reason, I didn’t know. I didn’t want to think about the questions or the consequences. Plus, the tea was another reminder of the guys.



September disappeared and October was more than half over before I acquired the courage to talk to the guys, Professor Pops, or Kenmei again. 
It wasn’t that I held a grudge against them anymore. I’d stopped being angry a week after my outburst. The problem was I didn’t know how to approach them, and they seemed to be doing fine without me. Sure, I caught them staring once in a while, but they’d turn away as soon as our eyes met. 
In a way being apart was good. Their absence from my life helped me to realize how much I loved them, appreciated them, and needed them. They were my family, and life without them wasn’t the same, even if my life with them meant crazy supernatural drama and training. Try as I might, though, I couldn’t bring myself to break the silence. 
At least I had Cindy. We hung out every second she wasn’t working. She would practice her magic with me, sometimes on me. We had fun. One day I went to school with a red streak in my hair, the next a yellow one. She became a pro at changing her nail polish and even “painted” mine red once during lunch. 
Cindy was the one who gave me the push I needed to make up with the guys. She drove past my house and pulled into Professor Pops’ driveway. 
After putting the car in park, she shushed all of my lame excuses and said, “Look, it’s like a Band-Aid. Just rip the sucker off.”
I wanted to be upset, but all seven of the guys and Professor Pops immediately came outside and were waving and smiling like goofballs. I couldn’t leave them hanging any longer. I didn’t want to. 
“You’re right,” I agreed, and got out of her car. 

Chapter 12

Our reunion went better than expected. Hanging out with them again felt like putting on my favorite shoes. They were comfortable. Even Gabe seemed less tense then before my meltdown. 
After several hours of chatting, dinner, and a movie screening of The Avengers in their amazing theater room, Gabe suggested some training. 
“You want to take a revenant on at midnight? You’re brave.” I playfully punched him in the arm and rose from the supple leather couch. He’d sat next to me when the movie started. At first it was awkward but, as the movie progressed and we laughed at our favorite parts together, I relaxed and so did he. 
“Training is an excellent idea, Snow. Not for too long, though. After an hour you should head home and get some rest. We’ll be here in the morning for some breakfast, if you’d like.” Professor Pops’ eyes twinkled with happiness and I was sure my expression matched his. 
I’d been away from my favorite people on the planet for far too long. “I’d like that.”
Gabe stood and I followed him down the stairs. When we entered the Museum of the Supernatural, it was like coming home. I’d missed the place more than I realized. After Gabe unlocked the door to the training room I followed him in.
He grabbed the longer sword, the katana, and the shorter one—I couldn’t remember what it was called—and handed them to me. “Ready?” he asked as he crouched and started to circle. 
“Bring it, Gabriel.” I’d started to laugh, but it caught in my throat. For weeks Professor Pops tried to tell me about Gabe. My talk with Kenmei, his story about Silindra and the vampire who’d killed her. His name had been Gabriel too. It couldn’t mean anything, right? I shook my head. That they shared the same name was a complete coincidence. 
Gabe smacked me on the arm with the flat side of the blade. “Concentrate, Snowflake. These weapons aren’t pretend. They’re real.”
I jumped. “Right.” I copied his stance, feeling my body find its position as I moved with a grace I hadn’t realized I possessed. 
Even Gabe was impressed. He raised an eyebrow. “Have you been practicing?” 
I shook my head. “Maybe,” I said, just to throw him off. We circled a few more times and then he lunged. I blocked the blow and spun around. 
“Aren’t you Little Miss Kickass!” He smirked. 
“You know it,” I responded, smirking back.
After that we were a blur of blades, an orchestra of clanging metal, breathing, and synchronized heartbeats. We moved in time to music of our own creation. Sweat mingled with the warmth of his skin, the delicious bouquet of his blood.
He tripped me and I fell, landing on my butt. He took my swords and put them away. When he finished he came over and stuck out a hand. I grabbed hold. He yanked, but I had a better idea. I yanked back, hard. Surprised, he fell toward me but caught himself. 
“Nice move,” he said with a smile, trapping me under him, his arms on either side of my shoulders. 
I was mesmerized by his bright green eyes. They danced with a happiness I hadn’t seen in weeks, not since that night in my bedroom. Our faces were close and I kept checking out his lips, soft and full. What’s changed? Why is he being friendly again? I didn’t have time for an internal debate because his lips were suddenly on mine. 
I gasped in surprise and gladly reciprocated, twining my fingers in his hair. 
Gabe groaned, grabbing my hips and rolling so I was on top. 
He pulled back, releasing my lips. I let out a sound like a pouting kitten, upset he wasn’t kissing me. He smirked and brushed some hair out of my face. 
“I’m sorry I’ve been a jerk. I promised I wouldn’t leave and that’s exactly what happened. Can you forgive me?” His voice was hoarse, full of emotion, full of sincerity.
I responded by claiming his lips with mine, hungry for more. I needed this Gabe: sweet, kind Gabe. His tongue flicked inside my mouth and I felt it low in my belly, a fiery desire. 
Sensual Gabe, my inner voice cheered. 
My heart beat faster, keeping time with his. 
“Snow,” he murmured, foraging a trail of hot kisses along my jaw, down my neck, and to my collarbone. My lips found his neck and I kissed him there, once, twice. He smelled like sweat, soap, and more. The scent of his blood sang to me. I kissed him again, directly on the quick beating pulse. An unquenchable ache slammed into me.  
“Yes,” his voice pleaded. Urgent. Needy. 
He wanted me to bite him. I sensed it. He wasn’t being subtle either as he pressed his neck into my lips. 
It seemed fitting that Gabe should be my first. 
My canines grew and I sank them into his flesh. He shuddered. 
The first taste of his blood was something I’ll never forget, like lust and love combined, a heady combination. 
All my life I had struggled with food and settled on being strictly vegetarian, but in that moment—the instant I tasted Gabe’s blood—I knew I’d never crave anything else ever again. It was exactness, precision, completeness. And I couldn’t get enough.
I sucked harder, yanking his neck closer. The more I drank the more I needed… 
“Snow! Stop!” Professor Pops’ voice sounded far away. He tried to force me off Gabe, but I was stronger. Faster. I withdrew my fangs momentarily and sat up, sending the palm of my hand smashing into Professor Pops’ sternum. He let out a grunt as he smacked against the wall with a crack. 
There were others in the room. From the edges of my blood-filled vision I heard their cries of concern. 
“I told you something like this would happen.”
“We shouldn’t have left her alone.”
I closed my eyes to clear my head. Who were they talking about? It couldn’t be me.
Someone gently pulled me off Gabe. I opened my eyes and saw Dorian’s concerned face. 
“Snow. Can you hear me?” he asked.
“What happened? Gabe and I were training and…” I followed Dorian’s gaze. On the floor lay Gabe, his body twisted at an unusual angle; part of his neck gaped open. He was covered in blood. So were my hands. 
My body began to shake. Not Gabe. No! “Is he—?” I couldn’t finish. Please, no. “Tell me,” I shouted. 
No one moved. 
An unbearable agony crawled up my stomach and into my chest and settled in my throat. I screamed, the sound unearthly. Most of the brothers and Professor Pops covered their ears. But I couldn’t stop.
“Snow.” Dorian sounded more pained than he looked, and he looked completely broken. I pulled out of his grasp. 
Gabe is dead. Gabe is dead. I… killed Gabe.
You’re one of them now, my inner voice spat. 
The brothers and Professor Pops regarded me like I was an untamed animal—a monster. 
The scream in my throat grew louder, and I bolted. As I went through the Museum of the Supernatural, the glass cases shattered. I stumbled up the stairs, through the front door.  
Windows broke. 
Glass fell like rain. 
Still I couldn’t stop. I ran.

To continue reading, purchase Blood and Snow 2, which contains:
Prey and Magic, Masquerade's Moon, Seal of Gabriel, Telltale Kisses


Afterword

I hope you enjoyed the first four volumes in the Blood and Snow series. Snow White from Salem, Massachusetts is one of my all time favorite characters. I love that she starts out sweet, somewhat bumbling, and totally unsure about her clothing situation. After the bite from her Hunter her life begins to change—physically and emotionally. At the end of volume four there is no doubt even bigger changes lie ahead. 

Thank you so much for reading. I hope you’ll continue the series and find out what’s next for the revenant, Snow White. 

If you loved reading the first four volumes in the series, do me a favor. Go back and leave an honest review. It only takes two minutes, and will help me a great deal.

Thanks again, and happy reading!

RaShelle Workman

The Blood and Snow World Order

Blood and Snow 
Revenant in Training
The Vampire Christopher
Blood Soaked Promises
Prey and Magic
Masquerade’s Moon
Seal of Gabriel
Telltale Kisses
Love Bleeds
Eye of Abernathy
Resolved to Rule
Vampire Ever After
Cindy Witch
The Hunter’s Tale
Gabriel
After the Kiss
The Cindy Chronicles
Vampire Lies 
A Beauty So Beastly


BLOOD AND SNOW Season Two

Vampire Lies (book 1)


Summary:

 Eyes like violet sapphires. Wings of smoldering fire. Consume your true love's blood. Become the Eternal Vampire. 

Once upon a time there lived a vampire with wings and a genie who loved her...

Born of the seven magics, Jasmine is different in every way, including the obnoxious wings on her back courtesy of the original Vampires. She wants to be normal, to be a regular teenaged girl.

When a gorgeous dark-haired boy named Laeddin shows up and promises to sneak her away from all her problems and hide her in the human world, she agrees. 

But an evil lurks in her nightmares, a man with red eyes. It doesn’t take long for Jasmine to realize that no matter how far she tries to run from who she is, he’s only a dream away. He wants her. He needs her. He acts as though he loves her. 

It’s becoming harder and harder to tell the difference between the path that’ll lead to her happily ever after, and the path that’ll lead to her destruction as well as all magic.


Coming Dec 21st.

Across the Ages

 

Ghosts are real. So is time travel.

Eighteen-year-old Lucy Channing discovers this reality after her dead grandmother gives her a beautiful locket. As soon as her fingers brush the cold copper, Lucy is swept out of the nineteenth century and into the twenty-first.

The first person she encounters is none other than twenty-year-old William Godwin. He’s uber-rich, arrogant, exciting, and oh so handsome. 

William agrees to help the strange girl find her way home. Or into the nearest mental institution.

But what the two uncover reveals more than ghosts and time travel. Lucy and William discover a love greater than time itself.

A love so strong it reaches...  Across the Ages


About the Author


 RaShelle Workman is the author of the popular Blood and Snow series. She loves to reinvent fairy tales teens and adults can sink their teeth into. Her stories include kissing, vampires, werewolves, witches, aliens, and more kissing. Sleeping Roses, Exiled, Beguiled, and Dovetailed have foreign rights contracts with a Turkish publisher. RaShelle is also one of the co-founders of Indie Recon LIVE. Currently, she lives in Utah with her husband, three children, and their three dogs.
Her books include: 
Sleeping Roses 
Across the Ages
Exiled
 Beguiled
 Dovetailed
Earth’s Guardian
 Blood and Snow (1-12) 
The Cindy Chronicles 
Vampire Lies (Blood and Snow Season 2)
A Beauty So Beastly
Vampire Secrets


Short stories: 
Rose, Undercover 
Cindy Witch 
The Hunter's Tale 
Gabriel
After the Kiss


Contact Information

RaShelle Workman would love to hear from you.

 Send your questions or comments to: rashelleworkman@gmail.com
Website: www.rashelleworkman.com
Twitter: RaShelleWorkman
Facebook: RaShelle Workman Author
Goodreads: RaShelle Workman

To get the latest book news, sign up for her Mailing List.
