Awakening
Valkyrie Diaries book 1
By
K.A. Young 
Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2013 by K.A. Young
 
All rights reserved.  Without limiting the rights
under copyright reserved above, no
part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced
into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form,
or by any means without
the prior written permission of both the copyright owner
 and the above publisher of this book.
 This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents
are either the product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously.
The author acknowledges the trademark status and trademark
owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have
been used without permission.  The publication/use of these trademarks
is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners 

For more information on K.A. Young's books go to http://www.kayoungbooks.com
Don't miss anything! Subscribe to receive updates about upcoming books in the series as well as other new releases! 

Acknowledgements

This book is dedicated to my Valkyrie archer Kendall, my witty vampire Matthew and my Kylie's tag a long, Alyssa. You three are my inspiration! I hope Mom did you proud. 
Sincerest thanks go to Julie Bromley, Heather Hand, Stacey Nixon, Debbie Poole and Jessie de Schepper for beta-reading Awakening on such short notice and making this early release possible.  You guys are the best!  




­­Kylie’s Journal Entry

Well, we’re still here and it’s still just the two of us—my brother and me. We’ve managed to cover some serious ground the last few days. I finally found the keys to Dad’s Range Rover and my driving is improving. It’s not so hard without any other cars on the road. 
We stocked up on canned goods because most of the produce that was out on the shelves has spoiled. We are going to have to find some other grocery stores soon because we’ve cleaned out our little local grocery, which is easier said than done because the GPS in the Range Rover doesn’t work. Luckily, we’ve been able to stretch out our supplies. 
My appetite is still decreasing by the day. Why? I have no idea, but thankfully my energy isn’t waning. It’s totally weird, just like everything else around here. 
We’re going to Google some places tomorrow. The Internet is still working, although for how long, I haven’t a clue. We’ll need to loot an office supply store for a new laser printer and print off directions to any place we can think we may need to get to, in case we lose use of computers.
Chapter 1

“Why do you keep writing in that stupid journal of yours; there’s no one here to read it?” My twelve-year-old kid brother, Mason, said as he plopped down on the bed beside me. 
“We need to keep some sort of records, Mason. If there are any other people out there, we can use this information to help us start over.” I sighed. God, I hoped there were other people out there somewhere. It had been just Mason and me for the last three months, and I for one was scared to death of the idea of us being the only humans left on the planet. 
I’m getting a little ahead of myself; let me catch you up.
Three months ago to the day, our lives completely changed. The night before had been like any other. We had dinner as a family; one of my mom’s rules for Friday night. It was the very first rule she implemented when they brought me home from Children’s Services when I was five. I’ll never forget how both she and my new dad looked when I came out with my one little bag, all the possessions I owned in the world since I was abandoned at a local fire station at the age of one. Sometimes I think I can remember bits and pieces of that awful day, however every shrink I’d seen assured me that I’d fabricated these artificial memories as a way of coping. 
Anyway, Mom cooked her usual Friday night meal that consisted of incredibly dry roast chicken, runny mashed potatoes, flavorless canned green beans and burned dinner rolls. I laughed at that thought. Man, I missed her terrible cooking. After dinner, we all played a couple hands of cards then I went to my room to chat online with some friends while my brother played on his Nintendo DS. Mom and I had argued about me spending way too much time on the computer and how the computer screen was going to completely ruin my vision; a non possibility being I tested off the charts at every eye screening I’d ever had. It got to the point where I would fake my results not to seem like a complete freak because every Optometrist that administered the screening wanted to test me further, astounded by my ability. Not going to happen. 
Mom continued to berate me even though I explained that nothing could damage my freakishly amazing vision, which resulted in me slamming my door in her face and crawling into bed with my iPhone to continue my online chatting, finally falling to sleep at three a.m. 
I can’t tell you how many times I relived that moment in my mind. It had to be at least a thousand times. I wished to God I could go back, hug her and tell her how sorry I was for being a spoiled rotten, ungrateful sixteen-year-old. I wiped a tear that had trickled down my cheek. I couldn’t go back. All I could do was go forward. 
The next morning I woke to screaming. I jumped up, stomping out of my bedroom to yell over the banister of the staircase what a total jerk Mason was being and to shut up before I beat the snot out of him, however one look at his white, tear-stricken face and I knew something was terribly wrong. 
They were gone—Mom, Dad, grandparents, our neighbors, teachers, friends. Gone. Mom’s purse was still here and so were all of her clothes, so they didn’t leave; not of their own free-will anyway. They simply weren’t there anymore. 
We spent days calling everyone we knew. Nobody answered. We ran and pounded on neighbors’ doors, and when we didn’t get any answer, we smashed through windows, finding that their houses were exactly like ours; everything was in its place, clothes in the dryer running, TV on and blaring loudly. In some homes the shower would be running and stoves remained on, smoking with burnt entrees. 
Our emotions ran the gamut. At first we totally freaked out! Then we gradually went from petrified to angry to miserable then to completely depressed and finally, over the course of the next week, we settled into acceptance. What we’d been told our entire lives about how resilient we children were, well, I suppose it was true. 
After the acceptance kicked in, I began planning. I’d been collecting books on gardening and horticulture so that when we found a place to settle down, we could begin growing our own food. I hoped it didn’t come to that, but I’d be ready if it did, even though I didn’t seem to need as much food for sustenance as my brother did. 
There were a few other strange things going on with me as well. Over the last month, my body had become harder, leaner and I was becoming abnormally strong. Yesterday, while we were at a store in town, I’d needed to get into the pharmaceutical supply room to get Mason some prescription strength cortisone cream to treat a rash he’d gotten from falling into some poison ivy that wasn’t responding to the over the counter stuff—again, thank God for search engines—the room had been locked tight, and I’d knocked the door completely out of the doorframe by simply nudging it with my shoulder. Mason thought it rocked, cheering loudly. It was kinda cool, but I wasn’t going to tell you that this new development in my physiology wasn’t scaring the ever-loving crap out of me, ‘cause it was. 
I was afraid that what happened to everyone around here had something to do with government testing; you read about junk like that all the time on the Internet. If my suspicions were correct, I was probably turning into some kind of freakin’ mutant.  
“I’m going to go and open the last can of raviolis, you want any?” Mason broke into my thoughts while hopping off my bed. 
“No, I’m good,” I said, closing my journal. 
“You never eat anymore; are you getting sick or somethin’?” My brother tried not to act too concerned as he shifted from one foot to the other while turning his favorite weathered, red ball cap around backwards on his head. 
Getting up off the bed to join him, I said, “I’m fine. Never felt better.” I wrapped an arm around his shoulders, squeezing him tightly. “You don’t have to worry about me, little bro. I’m not leaving you. Ever.” I kissed his cheek.
“Ouch, gah, yuk, get off of me already!” he grumbled, wiping his hand across his cheek. 
Laughing, I lessened my grip on him. Didn’t want to bruise the kid. “You love me!” 
“Whatever, now come downstairs with me and eat some nasty canned ravioli, dork face.” He shoved against me as I was releasing him. 
“Ha ha, I’ll let you get away with that one, you little dweeb, because you LOVE me sooo much.” He grinned up at me. It’s crazy how our name calling made us both feel more normal. 
Digging into my pocket, I pulled out a ponytail holder while swooping up my lack luster, dishwater blonde hair, securing it with the band, and then followed my kid brother down to force myself to eat some nasty canned ravioli. 
“Is it just me or does canned pasta suck butt?” Mason groaned as he dumped the contents of the can onto a paper plate. We didn’t do dishes anymore. We only used paper products which a few months ago we thought was terrific, but now that the trash was piling up and we no longer had a trash service, it was beginning to draw out all kinds of animals in search of food. 
I kept my bow with me at all times when we left the house. I never thought that all those years in an archery club would come in handy one day. Oh, and by the way, I was totally into archery before The Hunger Games ever hit paperback or the big screen. I wasn’t one of those chicks that decided to play at it because it was now the cool thing. No, I was a serious competitor and my aim has always been superb, if I did say so myself. 
If we ever had to hunt, the kill wouldn’t be the problem; the cleaning and processing would be. Thankfully, hunting was part of our daily lives living in the country; Dad and Grandpa were avid hunters and had exposed us to it at an early age. I didn't have the aversion to shooting Bambi like some girls my age might, yet they’d always handled the cleaning and stuff. 
Mason would need more protein in his diet to grow properly. Surely he and I would figure it out soon enough. 
“Hey, I was thinking.” Mason began after finishing his meal. He sat on the sofa with a pile of blankets on top of him as he played a video game. “What happens when the gas stations around here run out of fuel? I mean, think about it, eventually all the stations will run out of fuel at some point and then where will we be? I mean, sure we can move around from place to place for a while, but one day we’re going to have to have some kind of plan.” 
Thunder sounded overhead, causing my pulse to quicken as I leaned against the back of the sofa. “We’ll have a plan,” I commented absently as the lighting flashing outside drew my attention, causing me to walk directly toward the large bay window in our living room. It was as if it was calling to me, and ironically, it didn’t feel weird, it felt good. Lately, the crack of thunder or a flash of lightning gave me the desire to ride out into the storm, which I knew was crazy, but I couldn't fight the weird compulsion. Tonight was worse than the other times. 
“What kind of plan?” I vaguely heard Mason ask over the loud crack of thunder. I couldn’t focus on his words; all I could focus on was my draw to the lightening. I could no longer fight the urge; I had to get out there in it. 
Hurrying to the front door, I swung it open, knowing the energy in the sky was what I needed more than anything else on the planet. Running out into the rain to settle myself in the center of the front yard, I lifted my arms into the air, summoning the lightning. Yes, I said summoning. How I knew to do this? I haven't a clue. 
I panted as I anticipated the rush of energy flowing inside my body, fueling me in ways I’d yet to experience. Then it happened; lightning struck and my body violently shook with the force of electricity, and in an instant, all the breath left my body. I tried to hold on to the current, but it proved to be much more difficult than I had anticipated. I couldn't contain it any longer. The ecstasy lasted only for a few moments then my body spasmed with aftershocks. 
Blinking a few times, I focused on my brother staring at me from the front porch. “Dang, what the heck was that?” 
Chapter 2

“Kylie, seriously what happened out there? It looked like you were struck by lightning!” A terrified Mason stated the obvious in his usual fashion. “I mean, Dude! Not many people survive a strike like that. You were like a human lightning rod or somethin’. What was it like? Are you hurt? Kylie, you were smiling.” 
His last statement is what really got my attention. “Wa—was I? I don’t know, Mase. I can’t explain it.” There weren’t words for what I’d just experienced. His words confirmed to me that something very strange was happening to me. As I joined Mason on the porch, a large clap of thunder sounded again, followed by the entire house going dark. “Great, the power’s out.” 
“I’m surprised it’s lasted this long. When you did whatever it was you did out there, the entire street was flickering with some sort of energy surge.” 
“Well, I guess we’ll be moving on sooner rather than later,” I commented absently as we went back inside. Without any electricians around to handle power outages, I wouldn’t hold my breath about us regaining power. To top it all off, we were in the middle of winter. 
My God, we're getting dangerously close to winter temps, I just went out into the rain, and now I'm soaked to the bone, yet I wasn't even feeling the slightest chill, eerie. 
We had no other choice other than to find another place to live. Mason was already pulling out one of the survival kits that we had made a few weeks back, reaching into the bag to dig out one of the big Maglite’s, illuminating the room as he handed me one, and I did the same. 
“I guess we need to get our bags together. Remember, Mase, only pack the essentials. We need to be able to move quickly if any dangers were to arise.” 
“What dangers? There isn’t anyone left besides the two of us.”
“That we know of. We’re about to venture into uncharted waters here. We have no idea what we’ll find beyond the town’s limits. I plan to make a stop by the sporting goods store and pick up a few things that could potentially save our lives if worse comes to worst.” Mason swallowed hard before nodding and heading upstairs to his room. 
The idea that something could be out there that would harm my brother stirred an emotion within me that felt foreign. Have you ever had an odd feeling that something was following you, but when you turn around to investigate there wasn't anyone there? Well, that's exactly how I've been feeling every day since this whole thing happened. I wasn't as concerned for myself as I was for my brother. I would do anything I had to in order to protect him. The more I thought about this, the angrier I felt. 
Feeling a twinge of pain in my hand, I lifted it up into the light, shocked to discover blood pooling into my palm from four slits. Oh. My. God! Looking at my nails, I sucked in a breath, dropping the flashlight onto the floor. My imagination had to be playing tricks on me. Slowing my breathing, I reached down and retrieved the light, reexamining my palm after I had wiped the blood onto my pants leg; the wounds were completely closed up. 
“What the heck!” I whispered then moved on to my fingernails. There weren’t fingernails at all. "What the heck?!" I screamed this time. I had claws, dark grey colored nails that grew to sharp points!
“What's wrong? Did something happen, Kylie!” Mason shined his light over the banister to land directly on me. I shielded my eyes with my hand. 
“Uh, no, just thinking aloud,” I managed to respond calmly. 
“You are really starting to weird me out, you know?” 
Forcing a smile on my face, I reassured him, “I know. I’m sorry. There isn’t anything to worry about. Go finish packing.” 
Then I waited for him to go back to his room before I got up the nerve to look at my hands again. Not believing my eyes when my fingers were exactly as they had always been, nails cut to the quick, no sign of the claws from a moment ago. 
I bit back a scream while steeling my nerves. I decided not to think about this right now because any scenario I could come up with to explain what was happening to me wasn’t good. Mason needed me; I couldn’t wig out on him now. Pushing my fear aside, I went upstairs to pack and change. 
***
Surprisingly, it didn’t take us long to pack, and since it was pitch dark out when we’d finished, we decided to catch some sleep until daybreak, leaving all of our bags by the door in the kitchen that led to the garage. Both of us had a difficult time sleeping; it was cold inside our house with the heat not running. Not that I felt it, a fact I decided to keep to myself and just pretend that I felt the same chill in the house he did. We burned up the last of the firewood Dad had cut and stacked by the back porch while we huddled together on the sofa under all the blankets in the house. What kept me up, though, was the flashbacks of standing out in the rain, literally devouring the lightning. 
"I'm afraid to go to sleep," Mason mumbled to me. 
"Why? Everything's okay. We'll find a place to hole up for a while." I tried to be reassuring. 
"It's not that. I'm afraid if I go to sleep because, when I wake up, you might be dead. No one gets struck by lightning without injury; you could be bleeding inside your brain or have permanent brain damage. We don't have a hospital you can go to and if you die, Kylie, I won't survive." He whispered the last part. 
Patting his arm, I spoke confidently, like Mom always did when we were worried about things, "Mase, I'm fine. I can't explain what happened outside, but I can promise that I feel better than I ever have in my life and that I am not going to die because of the lightning. It’s odd, like everything else that's happened to us, but hey, we've survived the attack, or whatever it was that made everyone disappear. Being the only survivors has affected us in ways we haven’t a clue about yet. We're alive and will stay alive. That's all that matters right now. Okay?" He nodded while closing his weary eyes and drifted off to sleep. 
***
After making one last swoop through the house to see if I’d missed anything while packing in the dark last night, I went to load the car. When I finished, I came back in to find Mason had packed up a bunch more junk he didn’t need. But with the look he had on his face as he descended down the stairs, I didn’t have the heart to say anything. He’d been so completely brave up to this point. Besides, we were leaving the only home we had ever known and it was hard on both of us. 
Wrapping my arms around my brother, we both sobbed for a few minutes. It felt like we were losing our mom and dad all over again, even though in actuality, they had been gone for three months now. Living here in the same house we had with them had kinda made us still feel close to them; like their spirits were still here with us. It had been comforting. 
Glancing around the living room, I stared at the place with the large stain on the wood floors by the fireplace and remembered the year when Mom had talked Dad into getting a real tree for Christmas instead of the artificial one we’d used every year. She’d insisted that we needed the real tree smell in the house to get the desired Christmas experience. She had forgotten to water it and the darn thing caught fire in the middle of the night Christmas Eve, burning all of our presents. Mom cried all morning, but the day turned out great. Without a million gifts to open, we spent time talking and singing carols. Then the next day, Mom replaced every single gift. She’s the best. Was the best. 
My gaze drifted over to the doorframe where Dad had charted our growth every year. One summer, Mason was angry that he hadn't grown as tall as he'd hoped. He'd drug a stepladder in to draw his own line eight feet up then scratch his name in the paint. Mom and Dad had laughed so hard that they hadn’t had the heart to paint over it. We had more memories than I had time to recount, and as much as it hurt right now, I knew we would be thankful for them later.
Wiping my eyes with my shirtsleeve, I patted then kissed the top of my brother’s head. “Come on, we have to do this now before we change our minds.” 
“I don't know, Kylie. I just hate the idea of leaving. I mean, what if they come back and we’re not here anymore? They’ll be worried sick about us.” Mason’s swollen eyes pleaded with me. 
Smiling sadly at him, I tried to let him down easy. Again. “They’re not coming back. We’ve been here alone for three months and no one has come back.” 
He shrugged. “So, that doesn’t mean they won’t! Maybe they were all kidnapped. The police could have found them and taken them to a hospital or something.” 
“It isn’t possible for someone to kidnap an entire town, and even if it were, the police would have been snatched along with them. We’ve been over this. You said it yourself, we can’t stay here forever, we’d run out of stuff. We really don’t have any other choice here, bud.” 
Stepping out of my hold, he pulled himself together, making me incredibly proud. He grabbed a couple of Dad's rifles and his shotgun that our parents had given him for his twelfth birthday. “Fine. Let’s go.”

 Chapter 3

Neither one of us looked back as we pulled out of our driveway this morning; it was too unbearable to even consider. I felt like if I did look back, I’d turn into a pillar of salt or something. You know, like the bible story when Lot’s wife looked back at Sodom and Gomorrah. Not that our house was even comparable to Sodom and Gomorrah, but it’s the only analogy that came to mind at the moment. My brother kept his eyes downcast until we made it onto the main roadway, so I left him alone with his thoughts until then. 
“Hey, how much do you miss Taco Bell right now?” I attempted to start up an as normal as possible conversation as we drove passed the chain fast food restaurants. The boy used to inhale tacos like they were going out of style. He didn’t respond, so I continued, “Or what about a dozen cheese Crystals, surely you haven’t forgotten your love for those tiny, delicious burgers.” 
“You wanna know what I miss?” he began, staring out his window as we drove by the local public school. “I miss Mom and Dad, Grandma and Grandpa, my friends, school and even crabby, old Mrs. Smith. I would give anything to wake up tomorrow and all of this be like the worst nightmare ever! So, no, Kylie, I really couldn’t care less about junk food right now.” He wiped another stray tear from his cheek. 
“Okay, I’m sorry. I’m not trying to make light of our situation, I was just—”
He cut me off. “Trying to distract me. Yeah, I got that. I’m not a baby, Kylie. I’m very aware of how hopeless our lives are right now, so why don’t you just cut the crap and drive!” 
“Jeez, Mase, you don’t have to go all ballistic, I was only trying to help.” 
“Well, stop trying to help.” He folded his arms as he rolled his eyes. “You just passed the sporting goods store. Pay attention, will ya?” 
“Yes, Mason, I’m a bit distracted at the moment.” I began making a giant u-turn in the middle of the highway. “All those things you mentioned, I miss them, too. I would love to go back home and have Mom and Dad be there. To get up to go to school, see my friends and even turn in the book report that was due the Monday after this all happened. But, oh no, that’s not an option for me, either!” 
I pulled right in front of the store’s parking lot, parking crookedly in the space, but really who gives a flip. Mason jumped out, slamming his door shut. I did the same. 
“This didn’t just happen to you; it happened to me, too!” I yelled at him as I walked up to the store entry. 
“It’s not the same for you as it is for me. They weren’t even your real parents!” Okay, that freakin’ hurt and I was pissed. I shoved passed him and kicked the front doors. They shattered into a million fragmented pieces, showering us with bits of glass. I hurried over and covered Mason with my body. When it was over, he and I looked at each other with wide-eyed shock. 
“The doors must have been cracked already. There’s no way my single kick did that,” I whispered. 
Mason’s tone rose to a near hysterical level. “Yeah, yeah, it did. There wasn’t a crack anywhere.” 
I swallowed hard. “Maybe it has something to do with the lightning strike. You hear about people getting all sort of strange powers after stuff like that.”
“That was totally swasome!” 
“Swasome?” I asked numbly.
“Yeah, you know, sweet plus awesome equals swasome. Man, I wish I’d been struck by lightning!” 
“No, you don’t.” I sighed. “Let’s get the stuff we need and get out of here.” 
I took a step forward when his hand shot out grabbing my wrist. “I didn’t mean it.” 
Forcing a smile, I turned to face him. “I know. It’s okay, come on.” He nodded and we went inside the store, splitting up to gather our supplies.
The odor in the place was rancid, something either died in here or they had some expired food stashed somewhere. I hoped it was the latter. 
Not finding what I needed out on the shelves, I headed straight for the storage room that was, thankfully, unlocked. I didn’t want to have to demonstrate to Mason or myself the fact that I was strong as a freaking freight train. At this moment, it was too weird to face. I needed to press on, moving forward without thinking too much, or I was about to have a major meltdown. 
Aha, there they were; rows and rows of four-hundred grain arrow/tip combos. Since hunting season was over several months ago, I was a bit worried that they wouldn’t have any in stock and it wasn’t as if I could order any online. Grabbing the largest quiver they had with a holding capacity of forty arrows, I loaded up. 
“Hey, Mase, find me a couple of heavy duty duffle bags out there, will ya?” I shouted to my brother while continuing my task. “Mason! Did you hear me!” When he still didn’t respond, a pang of fear swept over me. 
Snatching a field ready bow, I went to find my brother. Creeping slowly and quietly, I scanned the store. Every muscle in my body tensed, readying for a fight. It felt unusual, intense and completely amazing all at the same time. All my senses were extremely acute and now they were even more so since the lightning incident. No one is here, my instinct whispered from somewhere inside me. I listened more intently and picked up a crackling sound while moving stealthy through the aisles. I tracked the sound to just outside the back exit. 
Leaning a little closer to the closed wooden door, I could make out the sound of someone breathing. No, two people breathing. One of them was struggling to take in enough air, signifying panic! That one was majorly freaking out, the other was breathing heavily, too. I could even pick up an odor the closer I got to the door. Putrid, one of them had the most disgusting smelling breath on the planet, reminding me of rotting meat. 
The crunching sound commenced and then I heard a tiny squeak of fear. Not human, my instincts screamed, followed by, help, protect and defend. Taking a deep breath, I reacted, kicking the door open, sending splinters of wood flying. Mason was standing with his back against the building, shaking like a leaf while a bear was slowly approaching, thinking he’d found his next meal. The heck he had! 
Pulling an arrow from my quiver and loading faster than I ever had in my life, I leapt between my brother and the now roaring bear, fired off a shot and was already loading another when the bear thudded to the ground. Surprisingly, I had just pulled off the most difficult of kills, the heart shot. 
A second later, Mason was by my side, wrapping his arms around my waist, still quivering. Then, so was I. Staring down at the dead bear, I realized what I’d done and what could have happened if I’d missed. I should have taken the lung shot. My dad and his brothers were veteran hunters, always saying take the lung shot on a black bear. The heart shot is too risky and the bear’s leg usually hinders the shot. 
I began to cry and so did Mason. I began backing away from the bear until my back hit against the stone wall. We slid down the wall together, holding on to one another as we sobbed. 
“I want Mom and Dad,” Mason whimpered. I knew exactly how he felt. Kissing the top of his sandy blonde head, I tried to be comforting like Mom used to do for us, but I wasn’t Mom! I was just a sixteen-year-old kid, for Heaven’s sake! 
“Me, too, Mase. Me too.” 
“I don’t want to do this anymore, let’s just go back home. Can we go back home, Kylie? Please.” Looking down into the tear stained face of my baby brother broke my heart. He needed me to be strong, to make decisions that would be best for him, not give in to him because he was scared. 
Wiping the tears from his face, I told him, “Listen, bud, we’re going to be okay. We’re going to make it through this. I’m scared, too, but going back home isn’t an option anymore. The animals are looking for food and coming into town to find it.” I nodded toward the giant black bear lying dead several yards in front of us. “Let’s stick to the plan. We’ll move on, maybe even find some other survivors along the way. We’re a team, right? It’s you and me against the world!” I held out my fist. 
He took a couple deep breaths, sat up a little straighter and I could see the resolve settling into his ocean blue colored eyes. Bumping his fist against mine, he agreed, “Us against the world.”
Chapter 4

We drove down the road in silence until we reached the interstate, I slammed the brakes hard at first glance of the sight before me. The expressway was littered with cars that had been abandoned around the largest fifty-some-odd car pile-up I’d ever seen. “Whoa! Look at that, Kylie! It looks like all those drivers just disappeared.”
“Yeah, it does.” That is exactly what happened. 
“I’m going to get out and see if I can tell how far down this goes on.” Mason hopped out of the car and climbed on top of the hood. “Kylie, you’ve got to see this!” 
Getting out of the car, I joined my brother on the hood. From this view I could see for simply miles. The sight before me was alarming. This part of the interstate was nothing compared to the rest of the highway. 
“How are we going to get through?” 
Shaking my head, I admitted, “I have no idea.” Then I spied a black land rover a half mile ahead, off on the shoulder, and an idea came to me. “Grab your stuff!” I hopped off the hood. “Get as much as you can carry.” Opening the trunk, I slid on my backpack then began loading myself down with duffle bags. Pulling out the two rolling suitcases next then I tossed Mason his pack and his shotgun when he came around the car to join me. 
“Why? What are we doing now?”
“We’re going off-roading.” 
A huge grin spread across his face. “Sweet!” 
Mason and I hustled, hiking up and around the abandoned and demolished vehicles and were almost to our destination when I caught a scent. A strange odor I couldn’t quite place, although it was familiar to me on some peculiar level. Putting my arm out to stop Mason from walking ahead of me, I asked, “Do you smell that?” 
Puzzling me, he shook his head, “What smell? You mean gasoline?” 
“No, it’s something else, something—wrong.” I whispered the last word as I felt my nails begin to curl. Oh, no! It was happening again. Feeling the air around me shift suddenly as if someone had just rushed by us, had the hairs on the back of my neck standing on edge. 
“What’s wrong with you, Kylie?” I quickly covered his mouth with my hand and drug us behind one of the cars where his gun clattered to the ground. Holding my finger over my lips, I signaled for him to keep his trap shut and waited until he nodded before I released him. Setting all my gear down, I readied my bow. Mason’s eyes all but bugged out of his head when he got a gander at my hands and I knew I had claws again. There wasn’t time to reassure him, though; something was coming, something evil.
“Valkyrie…” I heard the word drawn out like a hiss before a long sword whipped passed my head, striking the door of a wrecked car and slicing cleanly through it. 
“Kylie!” Mason screamed. I had ducked out of the way a mere millisecond before his next strike. 
Anger filled my veins like hot lava as I met his eyes for the first time; a black hood surrounded a white, leather-faced creature that stood about eight feet tall with blazing red eyes. Slasher! my instincts screamed, recognizing the horrific creature where my conscious brain did not. It began rattling off the pertinent information like a walking encyclopedia. Slasher—undead that sustain their life by blood kills of thriving life forces. Weakness is the thin, almost transparent skin, may only be killed by the removal of their head. 
His sword came down a second time and I leaped atop a pile of cars before firing off a shot. My arrow whizzed past his speeding frame so quickly I felt a little dizzy from watching the movement, waiting.
“Ah… a youth. What trap is this? Valkyrie youth are never allowed to hunt alone. Where are the others hiding?” I had absolutely no clue what this mad creature was prattling on about, so I attempted not to let him disturb my concentration. 
Suddenly, however, pain exploded from my left thigh, causing me to scream in fury. He’d landed a shot, opening up my thigh. Blood welled up at the site and was soaking through my pants. My scream wasn’t an ordinary scream, either; it was a shriek, a sound that I hadn’t a clue I could make. It was so loud and at such a high pitch that the glass in the vehicles near me shattered. 
As my anger grew, lightning struck overhead; somehow I knew it was strengthening me. Through the sound of crackling lightning, I could still make out a grunt over to my left. Abandoning my bow, I crouched down, listening. A second later, I heard another grunt and then the tearing of skin. 
Leaping over three cars, I pounced, landing atop the Slasher immediately, digging my claws into his neck and twisting hard. Blood splattered everywhere as his head detached from his body. Throwing his nasty head to the ground, I stomped on it, feeling a great deal of satisfaction when it exploded. 
“K—Kylie.” I heard Mason whisper. Anger filled me once more, whatever was after my brother was going to die miserably and painfully. I exploded over the cars, landing on the balls of my feet, claws and fangs bared, ready for another fight, only to find Mason shaking and screaming. It took me a minute or more of scanning the area to realize what he was terrified of. It was me! 
Taking a few steps backward, I said, “Mason, it’s me.” Covering his eyes with his hands, he wouldn’t or couldn’t look at me. 
Hurrying through the wreckage, I finally found a car with a side mirror intact enough for me to get a look at myself. Not believing my eyes at what was staring back at me, I began to freak! Blood covered my face and hands, my eyes were neon green in color and I had fangs; albeit they were tiny, not the fangs you’d see in a vampire movie, but still, they were fangs! 
Spying a bottle of water on the floorboard of the car, I reached in and doused my face and hands with it, attempting to scrub off the blood. “Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.” I couldn’t believe this was happening. I rubbed my skin so hard it became sore to the touch, but I couldn’t make myself stop. 
A rumbling sound snapped me out of freak out mode. I turned to investigate, nails already curling again as I hurried over to where I had left my brother. My jaw almost dropped to my knees when I saw the most gorgeous guy to ever grace this planet rolling up on a Ducati black on black Streetfighter. Yes, I know my bikes. I begged my parents to consider letting me have one on my sixteenth birthday. The idea of cruising the streets with the wind whipping around me made me feel alive and free, in my imagination anyway. Not going to happen! Was the last that had been said on the subject. Needless to say, I never got my Streetfighter.
“Yo, little dude, you okay?” When he stopped next to Mason, I was there in two seconds flat. We had yet to see another living person in months and after what happened a few moments ago, I wasn’t about to take any chances. Gorgeous or not, this punk was dead if he made one wrong move. 
“Back off,” I warned, stepping between him and my brother. 
Both of his hands went up in the air as an easy smile spread across his face. “Hey, uncurl those claws, sweet cheeks. I’m a friend of the Valkyrie.” His teeth gleamed as white as those people in the Orbitz commercials that I can’t stand. 
Glaring at him, unsure of my next move, I waited as he dropped one hand back on the handlebar of his bike and the other ran through his inky black hair. I couldn’t help noticing that his eyes were the oddest golden color; I’d never seen anyone with eyes that shade. 
“Your little dude is experiencing some major shock. It happens when humans cross paths with others like us.” 
"Others, wait… you’re not—–" 
"Human, thanks be to Freyja, no! Quite frankly, I’m surprised he made it through the attack alive." He glanced around. “From the looks of things, none of the other humans did.” 
Standing still as stone, I just stared blankly at him, blinking. I was trying desperately to process the words and the meaning of what he had just explained to me, however it wasn’t quite sinking in. Had he said thank Freyja? Who was Freyja? What attack? He wasn’t human? 
“Hey, slow down there, doll face, you’re going to give yourself a headache.” He reached out, stroking my cheek with his fingers. His touch was electric, causing me to jump. Have you ever been walking through a store and touched a shopping cart and received a shock? Yeah, it was like that, only amplified by ten. 
“That Slasher back there, you did that?” I nodded numbly. “Impressive, your how old? Fifteen, sixteen?” 
“Six—sixteen,” I stuttered like a complete moron.
His smile faded as his head cocked to one side as if he was hearing something I wasn’t. “Gotta jet, sweet thing; the cavalry have arrived.” His hand dropped from my face. That easy smile was back on as he revved the engine and took off, giving a whole new definition to the phrase, burning rubber. 
Wasting no time—seeing as I had no idea what dreamy guy meant by the cavalry, but if they worried him, they worried me—I knelt down beside my brother. “Mason, you’re okay.” I rubbed his arms. “Come on, buddy, you need to get up. Remember the plan. We decided together that we needed to keep moving.” When he still didn’t budge, I lifted his chin, peering into his face to find that he was pale and his eyes appeared vacant. “Mason! Please; you have to snap out of this. It’s still me.” No response. Tears began to fill my eyes, blurring my vision. 
A horn blaring off in the distance caught my attention. I tenderly placed my brother’s face back into his hands then took a running leap to land atop of a car. Not believing my eyes when I saw a yellow t-bird as old as my dad bashing its way through the crowded freeway. Even from this distance, I could make out that two women were in the front seat; one of them was laughing hysterically every time she plowed into another vehicle, and the redhead in the passenger seat was putting on lipstick of all things. When the raven-headed driver spotted me, she began beeping the horn like crazy. Wait, she saw me. From that great distance, her vision was like mine. Nobody’s vision was like mine. 
The driver smacked the redhead on the back of the head, resulting in her face slamming against the dashboard as the driver howled in laughter. I knew it was time for me to get lost when the other woman decided to seek revenge, pouncing on the raven-headed driver and then the two began brawling right there in the front seat, sending the car racing out of control. 
Leaping back down, I rushed over to Mason, throwing him over my shoulder before I took off running as if my life depended on it. I ignored the sting of pain in my thigh when I heard the two women yelling from behind me. 
"Yoo hoo! Here little, Valkyrie, come to Auntie Bryn." I glanced briefly over my shoulder to see the red-headed woman whistling to me as if I were a dog as the two of them leapt from car roof to car roof, both seeming completely unaffected from their previous brawl.  
The woman with raven hair was right on her heels. "Her name is Kylie, you lunatic."
"Rune, I don’t care what her name is. Did you hear that little Valkyrie?!" she shouted in my direction. "If you make me late for karaoke night, I'm going to kick your little butt from here to Valhalla!" 
"Listen to her; you might as well learn this early, your Aunt Bryn has a one-track mind and nothing gets in the way of her party nights." The one called Rune shouted with a finishing snort. 
"YOLO, Baby!" The redhead called Bryn yelled in response. 
I kicked it into another gear as the land rover came closer into view. I had no idea where Valhalla was and I had no intention of going there with either of them. Once I'd made it, I opened the driver’s side door, stepping up inside the cab. As I quickly deposited my catatonic brother into the seat next to me, I buckled him in, noticing that his knuckles were white due to the vice grip he still had on both of our backpacks. 
Without another thought, I fired up the engine. Flooring it, I went up and over the grassy hill, trying not to jostle Mason around too much. As I glanced in the rearview mirror, I spotted the redhead giving me the finger, followed by her shouting every swear word in the English language at me, which I could plainly make out, even over the roar of the engine. Needless to say, she was royally pissed about karaoke night. 
Life as I knew it had officially now become a total and complete Weirdville.
Chapter 5

I drove until I could no longer see straight, almost losing control of the giant vehicle a time or two. Barely having my license to begin with, I was proud that I got us out of there in one piece with only a few dings and scrapes along the way. Parking under a large oak tree, I had no clue where on earth we were, and Mason still hadn't said a word. 
"I see lights up ahead; I think it's a neighborhood. This area, wherever it is, still has power. We'll crash here for a bit and regroup. You must be hungry and thirsty; you haven't eaten in hours." No response, he merely sat there and stared straight ahead. 
Getting out of the car, I went around and opened Mason's door, stepping up to get right in his face. "Dangit, Mase; you've got to snap out of this funk! It's really starting to scare me." Nothing. 
Sighing, I unbuckled the seatbelt and tried to pry his hands open. I stopped because in order to remove the backpack straps from him, I'd have to break his fingers. Tossing him back over my shoulder, I realized I'd just have to carry him. He was a tough, little guy; he'd wake up soon enough, I was sure of it. 
It didn't take me long to make it to the source of the lights. I'd been wrong before, it wasn't a neighborhood, just a sole farmhouse with every light in the house blazing brightly. I could hear Dad now lecturing us about leaving the lights on and running up the electric bill. When you leave a room, turn off the lights. He said that to us about a zillion times a day. God, I missed his lectures. I should have been a better daughter, instead of the brat I usually had been. Enough of that, I don’t have the time to feel sorry for myself.
As I stepped up onto the old, wooden porch, it creaked under my weight. I listened cautiously before entering through the front door. Feeling certain that there wasn't anyone else around, I went inside. The odor inside the house reminded me of my grandparents' place, slightly stuffy with a hint of mothballs thrown in.
I sat Mason down on the old, floral couch in the living room and then went to see what I could find in the kitchen. I should have grabbed my duffle bag full of canned goods. Faced with those crazy women, I'd been too freaked out to think about food, though. 
Opening the refrigerator was a massive mistake, the onslaught of reeking, rotting food assaulted my senses like a punch in the face. Raiding the pantry next, I found a couple cans of baked beans, some chicken noodle soup, beef stew and a case of bottled water. Everything else was inedible. I looked around the kitchen looking for a can opener and not finding one in sight, not surprising seeing as everything else in this kitchen appeared to be old school.  Mom would have a fit, she adored her Kitchen Aid mixer and Cuisinart food processor. I could hear her now.  Kylie, she would say, you can never go wrong buying a anything Kitchen Aid or Cuisinart, you can’t kill them.  My Grandmother had a Cuisinart food processer she'd had for thirty years and that thing was still going strong.  I should have shown more interest in those kinds of things.  I sighed then refocused, tearing through the drawers in the kitchen and taking out a spoon after finally finding a manual can opener, I quickly used it to open the beef stew. After swiping two bottles of water, I went back to where I'd put Mason, finding him sitting exactly how I'd left him. 
"Mase, here; I found some beef stew." Spooning out a chunk of meat, I held it up to his mouth. "Please eat this." After a few seconds he surprised me by opening his mouth and chewing the mouthful I'd quickly shoveled in before he could change his mind. "That's it! How about a sip of water to wash it down with." He let me hold it to his lips for only a second then quickly took the bottle from my hand. 
Sighing, I sat back on the couch, smiling. Everything else could go to hell in a hand basket—to use a phrase my grandmother always used to describe the current state of the world—as long as I had my brother. I just couldn't bear the thought of losing another person in my life. He was my whole world now. 
"Kylie, I think I'm losing it," Mason spoke for the first time since the incident. 
"No, you’re not! I won't let you." I faced him with a stern look so he knew I meant business. 
"That thing that tried to kill you, he was, um…"
"Yeah, I know; the scariest thing. Ever." 
"You. Killed. Him." I nodded dazedly because it still freaked me out that I'd actually taken a life and liked it. "I'm glad you killed him." I tried to smile reassuringly, only to fail miserably. "What's happening?" 
"I don't know," I replied, shaking my head.
"No, I mean, what's happening to you? You looked different."
"Did I?" 
His head bobbed up and down emphatically. "You still do." He reached out and touched my left temple then, as if tracing something. His index finger slid down to my cheekbone. "Go look." He pointed behind me. 
Turning, I saw that he was pointing to the mirror that was mounted over the old, brick fireplace. Slowly, I stood, walked over and stepped up on the hearth to peer at my reflection. Turning my face to the side, I realized that he had been tracing something a moment ago. I had what appeared to be a tattoo that very much resembled a claw mark, as if a large animal had raked his claws across my temple to rest right beneath my left eye. 
At first I thought maybe the Slasher had done this, however I knew he hadn't because, when I felt it, the skin wasn't broken. Besides that, if he had, my whole face would be burning like fire. Thinking of the Slasher, I was reminded of the injury he'd caused to my thigh. 
Sitting down on the hearth, I stuck my hands through the tear on my jeans and tore it open wide. My hand then rubbed the dried blood away from the wound site without causing the least bit of pain. It was obvious that I'd been cut, but the wound was already scabbed over. Strange.
When I glanced up, Mason was staring at me. "Something is definitely happening to you, Kylie. You're morphing or somthin'." 
"This isn't one of your video games, Mase; people don't morph into anything in real life."
He glared at me in complete astonishment by my denial. "People don't disappear and white faced zombies aren't in real life either! But hey, I'm just a dumb kid, so what do I know?" The old Mase was back, and even though he wasn't 'morphing' as he referred to it, he was changing, becoming more calloused. The look in his eyes wasn't that of a twelve-year-old any longer, but that of a much older boy. Life had happened to us, altering us forever. 
Dropping my face into my hands, I tried to think. What would Mom do if she were here? I couldn't come up with anything, worrying me that I was starting to forget her. No! I would never forget her or the way she raised me to be. It was crazy how you lived your entire teenage life running from the rules and parameters set by our parents and then, when those rules or parameters no longer existed, you went searching for them. 
Lifting my head, I blew out a deep breath. "I need a shower."  
"So take one," Mason mumbled around a mouthful of stew.
"You mind sitting outside the door while I take it? I think it would be best if we stayed close to each other from now on." Standing, I reached down and grabbed my pack that Mason had finally released from his grasp. 
"Yeah, okay." Mason stood and followed me up the stairs as we went searching for the bathroom. "You think we should cut off all these lights? Dad would have a fit, ya know?" 
We both burst out laughing. It felt good. "Yeah, I thought about that, too. Unfortunately, turning all the lights off would draw more attention to this place and at this point, the less attention, the better." 
Ducking my head into the first room we came to at the top of the stairs, I said, "Well, I guess this is it." The badly wallpapered room smelled slightly of mold. Mason wrinkled up his nose; he could smell it as well. "I'll be fast. If you could just hang out right here, I should be able to hear if anything goes awry." He swallowed hard, neither one of us liked that idea at all. 
He tried to crack a joke to lighten the mood. "I guess if I get attacked while you're in there, you'll morph into fangy claw chick, huh?" He half laughed then slid down the wall to sit and wait for me. 
I chose to just let that lie. "Be out in a minute." 
***
Later that night, we lay side by side on a bed in one of the bedrooms. "Kylie, you asleep?"  
"No, can't sleep."
"Me either. Who do you suppose those women were that were chasing us?" 
Rolling to my side, I propped up on my elbow. "You saw them?"
"Yeah, it was weird; I could see and hear everything that was going on around me, I just couldn't make myself move or speak. I was scared, I guess." He shrugged. "So, who do you think they were? They seemed to know you. One of them even called out your name."
"Beats me. All I knew was I had to get as far away from them as possible." 
"They called you a Valkyrie, just like that zombie did." 
"He wasn't a zombie, he's what you call a Slasher. They have ultra thin, leathery skin, that's why it looks so white and they keep their head and body covered by a hood and cape to protect their skin from the sunlight. They're extremely resilient and hard to kill. Decapitation is the only way to ensure they are truly dead," I prattled on as if this information was old news when, in fact, today was the first I’d heard of it or them. The crazy thing was, I had heard it from inside my own self. 
"How do you know all that?" 
Shaking my head, I answered, "I just do. When I laid eyes on him… I don't know… It was instinctual, I guess. One moment I was the same old me and I was completely fine with being that version of myself, but now, it's almost as if I'd been asleep for sixteen years and suddenly woke up. Everything is clearer to me, my vision has always been spectacular, you know that, and now it's off the chain! Oh,, and I can hear everything, feel changes in the air and my reflexes are insane."
"And you can kick some major butt now! If I hadn't been scared out of my mind, I would have been so jealous!" Wow, high praise from my little bro. He began yawning. "I think I'm going to crash now." He smiled with heavy-laden eyes. "Kylie, having a Valkyrie for a sister might actually be pretty cool." 
I kissed the top of Mason's head after I knew he was sleeping soundly, otherwise he would've gotten pissed. Now that I was finally settling down a little, I considered all these changes that were taking place, not only in my own life, but inside me. Realizing I couldn't sleep, I decided to get up so I wouldn't disturb Mase.
Kylie's Journal Entry

Today was the mother of all days. Not only had things not gone as planned, I actually killed a creature with my bare hands. Yeah, not something I ever thought I would write here. It all started with the lightning. For some strange reason it changed me. I now have claw-type fingernails, tiny fangs inside my mouth and a permanent mark, almost like a tattoo of a claw scratch that begins on my left temple and ends beneath my eye. 
Now, on to the important information that I have gathered. First, the creature that I killed was called a Slasher; they have ultra-thin white skin and can usually be found wearing a heavy cloak with a hood. They're extremely resilient and hard to kill. If you come across one of them, the only way they can truly be stopped is by decapitation, so don't hesitate or they will make you pay for it. Their claws are full of venom and will burn like fire from the bowels of hell. If you're wondering how I know this and if you should trust my account, all I can tell you is that, the moment I saw the creature, I knew what needed to be done and did it without second guessing myself. Instinct. Take what you want from that. 
Second, Mason and I were chased today by a couple of Valkyrie's named Rune and Bryn. They said they were my aunts, but who knows. They also think I'm one of them. We also met a totally hot guy with amazing golden eyes and wavy black hair that was to die for. I mean, seriously, I'd kill for a head of hair like his. Anyway, I'm not sure how he plays into all of this yet. We'll refer to him in future writings as Abercrombie because he looked just like a model on the walls of Abercrombie and Fitch. Abercrombie also believes I'm a Valkyrie. I don't have a clue what he is, though. He isn't human and he knows Mase is. 
About Mason, he really scared the crap out of me today. He went into something of a catatonic state for a few hours. Seriously, if something happens to my brother, I won't make it, and if I have to, I'll die trying to keep him alive. I'm depressed now, so I'm done with this. 
Chapter 6

A noise to my left startled me awake, causing me to roll off the bed so quickly I hit my head on the nightstand. It took me a minute to register where I was and how I got here. Farmhouse, running from Valkyrie, Mason was okay. Got it. While glancing down at my brother's sleeping frame, I heard the creaking noise again and my nails began to curl. 
A chuckle in the bedroom doorway set off the protect siren inside me. I turned and launched myself, fangs and claws bared, toward the intruder who caught me mid-air, and with some really bad move, spun me around with my arms pinned painfully behind my back. 
"Whoa there, cupcake, you really should look before you leap." Abercrombie whispered close to my ear, infuriating and humiliating me. Leaning into my back and over my head, which wasn't a task for him being that he had a good six inches on me, he toed open my journal I'd left on the floor last night. "Totally hot with amazing eyes, huh?" 
I kicked the book shut. "It wasn't about you! Besides, it’s rude to read someone else's journal. Now get off me!" Dangit, I woke Mason. I could tell by the changes in his breathing pattern. 
His eyes opened. "Kylie!" He reached over and grabbed the lamp off the bedside table and chucked it at us, almost hitting me square in the face. Abercrombie moved me out of the way, releasing me. 
Mason was already looking for something else to throw when Abercrombie raised his hands in mock surrender. "Now, wait a minute, little dude. She attacked me." I shot him an evil eye and he chuckled again. "It must be my eyes; they bring out the ardent side of your personality." Oh, I really didn't like him at all, or did I? Whatever.
"Look, what are you doing here, besides snooping in other people's journals?" I growled while swiping my journal from the floor and tucking it safely back inside my pack. 
"She asked you a question, dude!" Mason came to stand next to me, crossing his arms. I laughed, loving that he showed no fear and threw his word dude back at him. 
"Hey, I was just passing by and thought I'd see how you two were getting along after the trouble you had with the Slasher yesterday." 
Mason jutted his chin out. "We're fine, great even. Kylie's totally got this. You should see her fight, it’s sick!" 
"Kylie, huh? That's a pretty name." He smiled at me.
"Are you deaf, dude? We don't need your help or want it. So leave!" Mason really didn't like him.
"Okay, I'll leave, but before I do." He reached back into the hallway to retrieve and produce a bag full of groceries. He'd brought us items that we hadn't seen in a long time; apples, oranges, fresh baked bread, cheese and milk. Mason's eyes bugged out of his head; I knew he was hungry. "I thought since things were quite sparse these days I would gather a few items to help out." Abercrombie rocked back on his heals, smiling. Oh, he was so smug. 
Mason took a few steps forward, peering into the bag, then swung his eyes back to me in silent question. I nodded. Abercrombie immediately handed it over to him. "Thanks." A simple word that meant a whole lot coming from my brother. 
The look Abercrombie was giving me at this moment suddenly made all the air in the room hard to breath. 
"Why don't we all go downstairs and let Mason eat." Mason was already halfway down while Abercrombie stood in the doorway, watching me like a hawk. His scrutinizing gaze was seriously making me extremely nervous. 
"Your heart is racing; do I make you anxious?" His golden eyes glinted with mischief and amusement. 
"No, and my heart is not racing." Throwing my shoulders back, I walked passed him without making eye contact. He chuckled behind me as he followed closely, too close. The electricity I could feel from him was wild. What was he? 
"I'm a shifter." 
As my foot landed at the base of the staircase, I stopped cold, standing completely still. He'd read my mind! I hadn't been imagining things yesterday. Okay, okay, what to do? My friends and I loved shows like Supernatural, Vampire Diaries, Charmed and Buffy re-runs. I thought I remembered seeing an episode on how to keep a supernatural being from reading your thoughts; it was to hum or sing a song in my head. All fairy tales and myths have to have some basis of fact, right? I began singing the chorus of Pink's ‘Blow Me One Last Kiss’ silently in my head as I rounded the corner to find Mason tearing into the bread and cheese. 
Folding my arms across my chest, I turned to face Abercrombie. "What's a shifter?" 
"Nice touch." He pointed to my head. "Not my kind of music, though. I'm more of a Godsmack kind of guy." Who didn't like Godsmack? "Before we start getting all personal, wouldn't ya like to know my name? Not that I don't like Abercrombie, but it kinda goes against the whole image I got going on here." 
Sitting down on the couch next to Mase and kicking my feet up on the table, I rolled my eyes, feeling more in control now that I could keep him out of my head. "Sure, what's your name?" 
"It's Axel." He turned, showing me that his name was written across the back of his leather jacket in between two bloody skulls. Charming, I’m not impressed.
I kept my face impassive as he turned back around. "So, Axel, not that we don’t appreciate the food and all, but seriously, what's your deal? Surely you don't expect us to believe that you hunted us down just out of the goodness of your heart." 
He feigned surprise, putting his hand over his heart as if my words hurt. "Cupcake, you surprise me with your cynicism. Can't a guy help out without being accused of having an ulterior motive?" 
"Nope!" Mason grumbled around a mouth full of bread. "So spill, dude!" 
I chimed in, "Start with explaining what exactly a shifter is. I mean, we know what is portrayed on TV and in books, but explain what it means in real life." 
He pulled up an armchair then mimicked my movement by propping his black biker boots on the coffee table, his feet almost touching mine. I immediately pulled mine off, evoking yet another smirk from our newest otherworldly acquaintance, Axel. "A shifter like me can take on another’s physical appearance, accessing their power and thoughts. We're fast and cunning like an animal, but suave and creative like a human, only better." A smooth grin eased across his face. I must have appeared as alarmed as I felt because his smile instantly faded. "Wait, before you freak out, we can't just take over someone's body or anything, it’s like morphing into something that looks very much like them and it isn't easy and is incredibly draining." 
Mason began choking on a bit of food. I patted his back to help him clear his air way. "You see, Kylie. I told you that you were morphing! I was right." Mason grinned proudly. 
I had a ton of questions, but first I needed to understand what he was. Turning to face Axel, I spoke evenly. "Show me." If I was going to learn the ins and outs of my new world, I needed to know what I was up against. 
"It's not that easy, sugar. Like I said, it takes a lot out of us. Makes me weak and vulnerable for a few minutes after I shift back," he replied solemnly. 
"I think he’s scared, Kylie," Mason goaded in his usual, annoying little brother fashion, and for once, I egged him on.
"Yeah, I think you’re right Mase. He looks afraid to me, too." 
"He probably knew the Slasher was after you and left you to fend for yourself. Lucky for us, you weren't chicken chiz." Our mom hated when Mason or I used slang and chiz was the one she hated the most. I almost corrected him out of respect for her, but decided to let it go. Mom would understand that it was a new world, new us and I even think she would be proud of how we were surviving. 
"Makes sense; he showed up immediately after I ripped its head off. Too coincidental if you ask me."  
"We're not scared of nothin', right, Kylie. Us against the world!" 
"We don't need any wusses weighing us down. Us against the world!" Mason and I fist bumped. 
For a moment I thought Axel was wise to our banter, seeming unaffected by it, until he stood suddenly, knocking the chair backward as the energy in the room went through the roof and the windows exploded. I threw myself on top of Mason, shielding his body from the shards of glass. After the energy settled, I glanced up to see myself standing there, staring at us. 
"What the freak!" I shouted, vaulting to my feet. 
Mason sat up, peering around me. "He did it! He shifted into a perfect version of you! Wow, this totally rocks! Check him out, Kyle!" 
"I see him." I swallowed hard, even though I knew it was Axel, it still majorly weirded me out to see a sarcastic version of myself staring mockingly at me. 
"Fine, you’re amazing and powerful and all that. Now shift back because you're really starting to freak me out! I don’t even look like that! You're making me look tough and cold." 
"That's how you look now, Kylie. Isn't it cool?!" Mason walked between Axel and me. He seemed to be amazed by this whole experience.
"Aren't you curious what you can do? You must be. Don't you wonder about the powers that are lying dormant inside you?" Axel rocked back on his heels, placing his hands inside his… er, my back pockets. 
"Get your hands off my butt, you sicko!" This whole experience was beyond bizarre, and seeing that he was touching my body with his hands—although they appeared to be my hands—was, well, there were no words to describe my emotion. "This is too creepy." I turned and left the room, walking out onto the porch. 
A few minutes later, Axel—back in his rightful skin—joined me on the front porch, sitting down next to me on the steps. It didn't escape me that he sort of wobbled slightly as he did this. "You okay? I didn't mean to upset you. You asked me to show you and I did." 
"You could have shifted into Mason instead of me. He would have loved it." 
"I could have, but I was curious about you." He shook his head. "It was foolish of me not to consider the ramifications of my actions when you're going through the awakening process." 
Okay, he'd successfully gotten my attention. "Explain this awakening process to me." 
"Um, for those of us that are what we call, otherworldly, our bodies go through different phases of transition. First, we notice little things like we can see or hear better than other people we know, maybe run a whole lot faster than the average kid our age." Yep, that happened to me years ago, starting with my vision. "We all have a skill, something that makes us stand apart. It's usually handed down through bloodlines, like swordsmanship, mind control and casting, to name a few. Have you figured out yours yet?"
I'd never spent much time wondering about my birth mom as a lot of adopted kids I knew did. I'd been thrilled with my parents and couldn't have asked for anything better, but now knowing that I wasn't, um, human, I really would like to know about her now. 
Nodding, I whispered, "I'm an archer." This was all so surreal. 
"Really, wow! No wonder the Valkyrie want to get you to Valhalla like yesterday." He suddenly looked stunned he’d said that aloud. He really wasn't on his game after his shift. 
Seeing my opportunity, I pressed, "Explain." 
"It isn't for me to discuss Valkyrie business. They are the most moody chicks on the planet. My getting involved could really cause the other shifters a real headache. When you anger a Valkyrie, they make you pay for it." He half laughed. "My uncle is mated to one and she is a real pill." 
"Mated? You mean married?" 
"No, being mated is different from human marriage." He shrugged then changed the subject. "How long have you and your brother been on your own?"
"Three months or so," I replied, sighing. Then a thought occurred to me. "Do you know what happened to our parents and the town?" 
He nodded. "There was a tear between the realms made by one of our enemies. Those that live in the human realm on this side of the tear, that would be your parents and town, were, um… well, they didn't survive." He looked down. 
I swallowed hard. "You know how they were killed? Spare me nothing, Axel. I have to know." 
He lifted his gaze to meet mine. "They were disintegrated by fire." It was my turn to look away as a tear leaked down my cheek. The thought of my family and friends being burned into nothing both wrecked me and infuriated me, I couldn't choose an emotion. "I understand how you survived, you aren't human, but I'm still not sure how your brother survived." We both settled into silence.
Lighting struck out in the distance with such force the sound vibrated all the way to where we were, shaking the porch. 
"No freakin’ way!" Axel shot to his feet. "My uncle is going to kill me!" Looking out to where he was staring, I spotted that same yellow t-bird that I’d seen yesterday. How in the heck did they get it around all those wrecked cars? 
The same redhead was leaning out of the open window, yelling, as Axel ran and fired up his bike. "I see you Axel, you little twit! You'd better run because when I catch you I'm going to skin your shifter hide!" 
"Gotta run, sweetness, catch you later!" With that, he hauled tail out of there. 
Chapter 7

Standing there on the porch, watching Axel drive away, I had a decision to make. I could run again, taking Mason as far away as I possibly could before these Valkyrie caught back up to me—and I'm sure they would eventually—or I could stand my ground and face them now. They had answers I needed, and quite frankly, I didn't know where I would go next anyway. Besides, with all the dangers that lurked around every corner, I feared for Mason's safety. With that final thought, the decision was made. 
I folded my arms across my chest, beckoning them to come. 
The redhead leaned out the window. "I'm skinning you next! My karaoke nights are sacred; no one messes with my time!" 
"Shut up, Bryn, and sit your butt back in the car, you're scratching my paint job with your claws!" The dark-headed one that I remembered was called Rune shouted. And the obscenities flew from there, both women going at it like there was no tomorrow. 
Strangely, the closer they got, the braver I was beginning to feel. Laughing at how stupid they looked, I walked down to meet them as they pulled right up to the porch. 
Lighting continued to strike above us, filling me with an amazing feeling of energy and power. I decide to cut to the chase. "Can either of you tell me who my birth mom is? I'm an archer and according to the shifter you just chased away, that's passed down through the blood line." 
Rune got out of the car first, coming around to look me over. "The little pain is correct, it is passed down." Bryn joined us, hopping up to sit on the hood of the car, receiving a glare of warning from Rune. "Your mother was an amazing archer. She saved us in many battles with her skill." Was, as in past tense. My shoulders slumped forward. What had I expected, a happy family reunion? Not happening. "She died shortly after you were born. We didn't know that she put you in the human system until much later. Don't be angry; she thought she was doing the right thing." 
"I'm not angry. I was happy before all this happened." I looked up to see actual compassion in the eyes of the Valkyrie, Rune. "Who are the ones responsible for the tear?"
"We haven't time to discuss this; we need to hit the road and get back to Valhalla," Bryn commented coldly while examining her nails or claws that she’d painted red. 
Standing my ground, angered by her callous tone, I said, "I'm not going anywhere until one of you explains to me who this ‘enemy’" is that took out my family and the entire town because I'm going to hunt them down and kill every single last one of them!" 
Bryn's eyes glowed green. "You kill one Slasher and that makes you hardcore. Ha, you ain't seen nothin’, and let’s get one thing straight right now," Bryn slid off the hood to stand toe to toe with me, "you're coming with us because Rune and some of the others believe you may prove useful. Me? I'm not so sure, and if I'm correct and they’re wrong, I'll dangle you as bait for the one responsible for all this BS!" She nudged me hard with her shoulder, knocking me back a bit as she walked back around the car to hop through the passenger side window. My claws began to curl. I had to fight the instinct to attack her. 
"Don't pay her any attention; she's just moody." Rune wrapped her arm around my shoulder and pulled me in for a hug. "Your mom and I were extremely close. She was my sister, our sister." She glanced over her shoulder at Bryn. "You look just like her." Strangely, it didn't feel all that weird to be hugged by her, it felt sorta safe. 
I tried a different approach and tried to appeal to her on a different level. "Aunt Rune, are you going to explain all this to me?" 
"Ah, young one, you are just like your mother." She laughed. "Of course I'll explain things, but Bryn is correct, we need get you to Valhalla." She steered me more toward the car.
"Kylie." I heard my name called out in the form of a squeak. 
Oh, my God, Mason! I couldn't believe that I almost forgot my brother. Digging my heels in, I called out, "It's okay, Mase. Come on, we're going to be staying with them for a while. They are going to help us find out what happened to Mom and Dad." 
"Oh no!" Bryn stuck her head out of the window. "We're not taking the human kid along with us, just you." She ducked back inside. My nails were seriously curling now. She and I were going to have a major problem. "Don't you look at me like that, missy. I’ll wring your scrawny little neck for even thinking about jumping me!" Bryn was in front of me so quickly I could barely track her movement, but I was glad and ready for her. Lightning flashed overhead and I knew it was coming from me. 
I shoved Rune away as Bryn and I began circling one another. "I'm about sick to death of your loud mouth, you redheaded freak! Where I go, my brother goes. Now you can shut your trap and deal, or I'll shut it for you." 
Rune hopped up on the hood of the car as if to get a front row seat to an event. "Come on down here, little fellow, and watch your sister claw that redheaded freak’s eyes out." She laughed loudly, waving to Mason to join her. "Get her, Kylie, you can take her!" 
As if being urged on by a force out of my control, I launched myself onto Bryn, attacking her as I did the Slasher, only minus the part of ripping her head off. She backhanded me, sending me flying onto the porch steps. The metallic taste of blood filled my mouth as I caught the flash of red before my eyes, realizing it was Bryn's hair. She was airborne. Rolling to my side, I kicked her squarely in the ribs, sending her to flop right in the dirt. 
"That's it, Kylie, make her eat that dirt!" Rune hollered, clapping her hands. 
I was already on Bryn, punching her square in the face until I heard a satisfying crunch; I'd broken her nose. The next thing I knew, I was the one that was airborne again then slamming into a tree face first. 
I opened my mouth and let out a screech that shattered what was left of the windows in the old farmhouse as well as Rune's car. I was back on my feet, raging with fury. The blood inside my veins felt like hot lava once again as I stormed at Bryn. Her eyes rounded with shock and something else I couldn't quite discern for a minute and then, when I did, I stopped my advance. Admiration. Bryn admired me?
Rune was beside me, speaking soothingly into my ear. She didn't touch me, just calmly coaxed me down from the height of anger that was about to boil over and spill out onto everyone around me. "That's it, deep breaths. I'm proud of you. You really kicked the chiz out of Bryn." At her use of my brother's word, I turned to face her. "Yeah, it's my new word now. Love it! Now, why don't we head home?" Home, where was that? Mase and I didn't have a home anymore. 
Turning to go toward the car, I felt awful about the mess I'd made of it. "Rune, I'm sorry about your car." 
"Don't worry about it, sweetness. I can always get another one. Come on, Mase my man, load up in the backseat with the redheaded freak." 
At that, Mason came running out of the farmhouse with both our packs on his arm. I'd never even seen him go inside, I must have been really out of it. 
"I'm only going to take so much, Rune, keep pushing," Bryn growled as she crawled into the backseat. 
Rune dusted the glass off my seat and helped me inside, smiling. My life in Weirdville had just jumped up a few notches. 
***
Valhalla wasn't anything I had expected. It was a large, stone structure that had lightning rods attached to the rooftops. It reminded me of something out of Grimm with its weathered looking shutters and white-washed stone exterior, but more impressively, it was literally surrounded by a moat. Yes, a moat; like out of the old fairy tales. 
"This is it?" I asked, aghast that this was the place my birth mother had called home. 
"This is it; home sweet home." Rune smiled cheerfully as we all got out of the beaten up old car. 
Bryn slammed the creaking door shut, followed by her waltzing right passed us to walk over the wooden bridge and through the dark entryway. 
"Cool!" Mason gasped, a lot more excited about being here than I was. 
Rune walked up beside me. "You're gonna love it here just as much as your mother did. Her room is still untouched and right next to mine. It's yours if you want it." 
My heart skipped a beat. The idea of sleeping in the same room my birth mom had was totally beyond anything I had ever imagined. "Yes, I would like that very much." 
"Great!" she chirped. "Let’s get you guys settled in." As we walked over the shaky, wooden bridge, Mason stayed glued to my side. "There is one thing that I need to warn you about." Oh, great, hear it comes, the big catch in all of this. "As I'm sure you're completely aware of by now, some of my sisters weren't all that keen on me bringing you here. You'll have to prove yourself; that you're one of us, I mean." 
"How am I supposed to do that?"
"Not to worry, you already scored big time by taking on Bryn." She shoved open the large door and we walked in. "Now if only we could count on a rumor to get started." 
We stood in the middle of what I supposed was their living room. It was a massive, dark room filled with old furnishing and a humongous fireplace that burned brightly and off to the left was a large, stone staircase with old, wooden railings. 	
One second we were there alone and the next the place was crawling with Valkyrie of all ages. The younger ones were walking around Mason like he was an exotic animal on exhibition. The older ones kept their distance, evaluating us from afar. 
"Everyone," Rune climbed the large staircase to stand on the first landing, "this is Kylie." She pointed at me. "Svava's daughter." The loud intake of breath signified that my mother was revered among them; a few even took a couple of steps back. "The boy is here because she requested him to be. Now she already kicked the piss out of Bryn today, so don't get on her bad side or you'll be royally screwed! You've been warned. Kylie, have a look around and then find me when you're ready to see your mom's room. I'm the fourth room on the left." She was gone and then I was left there alone with Mase, surrounded by twenty strange Valkyrie. 
"Hi, Kylie, you want me to show you where the game room is?" one of them piped up then was shoved aside by another.
"Get out of the way. Kylie, I have a ton of new clothes and music up in my room if you want to borrow anything or you can just have it." 
"She doesn't want your nasty clothes. Plus, your taste in music sucks butt!" Another snide remark flew out from the first girl.
"Hey, I called her as my friend first before Rune ever said a word about her being Svava's daughter or ripping Bryn a new one!" Another behind her shouted and then a brawl broke out. Taking Mason by the arm, I scooted around them, being sure not to show any fear. 
When Mason and I were halfway up the stairs, the one that had offered me her clothes was under a bigger girl, being pinned down and punched in the gut. Shouting around her assailant, she said, "If you change your mind, Kylie, the offer stands!" 
I nodded politely and hurried up the rest of the stairs.
Chapter 8

"Kylie, these people are whack!" My brother whispered uneasily from over my shoulder. "And did you notice that there isn't a single boy here? I mean, if there is, I bet he's hiding out or somthin’. I pity the boy that has to live here with all these whack jobs." 
"Well, for now, little brother, these whack jobs are our roommates," I said, smirking. I was grateful that Rune had allowed him to come along. Slowing my pace, I pointed to the fourth door on the left. "This is it. You think I should knock first or just walk in?" Mason shrugged, sliding his hands into his jean’s pockets. I didn't want to be rude by waltzing in, yet she did say to meet her here a moment ago. "I better knock." 
"Come in, Kylie! I hear you skulking around out there," Rune called from inside the room. Darn, I forgot that her hearing was just as keen as mine.
As I began turning the doorknob, a frigid gust of wind whirled through the hallway. The dark, murky fog was difficult to focus on as it blew passed us, taking my breath along with it. Coughing as the chill went straight to my lungs, I pulled Mason closer to me, being sure to keep a hand on his now shaky shoulders. 
Rune's bedroom door swung open. "Demetri, I told you to stay in form!" Rune ogled the misty figure with a great deal of annoyance. Before our eyes, the blur began to come more into focus until the fog around it diminished, completely leaving a young boy about Mason's age standing in its place. 
He flushed then flashed his pearly white fangs directly at Rune. I got the feeling it was more for our benefit than hers. "Sorry, but I was running late and you said to be in this exact spot at three o'clock sharp." 
She narrowed her eyes while speaking. "Uh-huh. I think you just wanted to show off in front of Kylie." 
Blushing again, he grinned. "Not me, I'd never do a foolish thing like disobey your orders in order to impress any chick, even though I am the fastest vampire my age." He shot me a quick glance before evaluating Mason, eyeing him with obvious interest. 
"Mason, I'd like you to meet Demetri. You'll be sharing a room with him." At Mason's shocked expression, she added, "Not to worry. He will be minding his manners by keeping his fangs to himself. Now, he is going to show you our state-of-the-art theater and gaming room." Normally, Mason's curiosity would be thoroughly piqued, but under the circumstances, he showed no signs of excitement, shifting his eyes from Demetri then to me. Not that I blamed him, Valkyrie and shifters—as hard as they were to accept—was one thing, but a vampire that had the need to consume blood in order to sustain their life—meaning we were part of the food chain—was on an entirely different level all of its very own. 
"Oh, come on, you’re seriously not thinking I'm going to drain you dry when we've just met, now are you?" Demetri laughed hysterically, clearly amusing himself. Rune simply tapped her long nail against the doorframe, smirking. From the way she left me to fend for myself downstairs, and by the way she wasn't intervening now, she obviously wanted us to learn to handle these types of situations for ourselves.
I stepped toward Demetri, eyes flashing green. "Listen to me, you little punk, if anything happens to my brother while he's with you, by your hand or another's, I'm holding you personally responsible." I poked him in the chest for emphasis.
Demetri's smile quickly faded. "Whoa, how am I responsible for what the crazy chicks around here might do!" I narrowed my eyes at him. "That isn't at all fair!" He turned toward Rune. "A little help?" She rolled her eyes and went back inside her room. "Fine," he sighed, looking like a normal, pre-teen boy. "I'll do my best."
Smiling reassuringly at my brother, I encouraged his departure. "I'll see you in a bit, Mase, okay?" 
Mason nodded, and as the two of them began down the hall, I overheard Demetri apologizing. "Sorry about that back there. I get a little carried away around the hotties."
"Not cool, dude," Mason replied, trying to remain stoic as they disappeared from my sight.  
When I went into Rune's room, she was lounging on the bed, painting her toe nails blue. "You handled that nicely." Feeling nervous, I folded and unfolded my arms across my chest. "Not to worry; you'll settle into yourself through the awakening process, and before you know it, you'll be a legend in your own time." I nodded absently then thought, Wait. What? Legend? She must seriously have me confused with someone else. 
Walking around her room to get a better idea of who she really was, I replied, "I have no idea what that's supposed to mean exactly, but thanks for the encouragement, I guess."  
Her room was painted a deep purple with gold accents. There wasn't anything on the walls; no pictures, decorations—nothing. On her bedside table there was one snapshot that she'd framed that immediately caught my eye, though. I went in for a closer look. It was a picture of Rune and another Valkyrie that looked amazingly like me. Reaching down, I gingerly picked up the small, framed print then, glancing back at Rune—who seemed totally unaffected by my snooping as she continued painting her nails—I examined the picture closer. The blonde had her hair braided, twisted and piled on top of her head. She wore it in a way I would never consider wearing my hair, but the color along with her brilliant green eyes and facial structure were all exact matches to mine. What really got my attention, however, was the mark on her face; the same mark that showed up on mine the other day. It was in the exact spot, beginning at her left temple and ending under her left eye. Despite the fact that I hadn't a single memory about this woman, there wasn't any doubt that she was my mother. 
Emotions welled up inside me and threatened to boil over as I clutched the image to my chest. I didn't want to cry, I'd cried all I ever wanted to the first month after my brother and I realized we were alone. Even if our parents hadn't left of their own free will, we had still felt abandoned. Nevertheless, tears began leaking from my eyes anyway. 
"What happened to her?" I choked out over a sob, keeping my back to the Valkyrie. 
"That's a story for another time, little one. The question you should be asking is, who was she? That is something I’ve been dying to share with you for years." Rune came over, wrapping her arm around my shaking shoulder as I tried to pull myself together. 
Wiping my eyes, I considered her statement and really did want to know who my mother had been. "Okay, who was she?"  
"Come, I'll show you." With that, she steered me out the door.
Walking into my mother's room was a bizarre experience. From first glance at the trophies on her walls I instantaneously knew she, like me, was a hunter. Although, unlike me, she didn't hunt deer and other game; she hunted supernatural beings. There were fangs of all shapes and sizes strung across one wall and some strange skulls I couldn't identify on the other. Curiosity got the better of me and I went in for a closer look, still unable to identify what they were. 
"Rage demon skulls." Rune reached up and plucked one off the shelf. "When a rage demon's heart is pierced with a Valkyrie silver arrow, their bodies shrivel to nothing, leaving only a skull behind.” 
"There are rage demons?" 
"Of course, and so very many other kinds as well." 
"My mother killed all of these creatures?" I scanned the wall at the massive number of skulls, fangs and other fragments of things I had no clue as to what they were.
Rune beamed. "Yes, your mother was the best archer among us. She was able to kill or fatally wound from a great distance, drastically reducing our battle loss before crossing over into The Fade." 
Great, another term I was unfamiliar with. "The fade?"  
Her eyes saddened momentarily. "The Fade is where we all began and where we all return. The only one that can cross to The Fade and return is Freyja." Okay, so The Fade is the Valkyrie’s equivalent of Heaven, got it.  
I changed the subject. "You fought all these creatures?" 
She sighed, placing the skull back in its designated space. "Over the years, yes. There is always a battle brewing in this realm, everyone fighting for the upper hand; to be the most powerful of all the supernatural beings. Come." She took my arm and we went to sit down on the bed. 
Leaning over the metal footboard, she opened the large, wooden trunk that was placed there, pulling out the thickest, oldest book I had ever seen. She then placed it gently on my lap. My hand caressed the soft leather cover. It was old, very old. 
"Inside this book is everything you will ever want to know about this world; every creature, every battle and everything else in between has been recorded here by your mother." I started to open the book when Rune's hand covered mine. "Let me explain the Valkyrie heritage, your heritage to you first." I nodded eagerly as I really did want to learn as much about all of this as I possibly could. "Valkyrie are the daughters of the Goddess, Freyja, and the God, Odin." 
"Odin, the God of all Gods?!" I asked incredulously. "Like in the movie, Thor; the God of thunder with that smokin' hot Chris Hemsworth?" 
She made a face. "Yes, Odin is the Allfather of the Gods." She snorted. "And the God of thunder is Thor, but a hottie he is not. He's arrogant, rude and disgusting. If you see him coming, run. He had a real thing for Svava, and from the way she treated him fifty years ago, he's still probably holding a grudge." 
"Fifty years?!" Rune barley looked twenty-five.
"I know, I say get over it already, move on, but that's beside the point. When a Valkyrie reaches her awakening, she is sent to a training camp to develop her talent and then they come here to Valhalla. Our job is to ensure that, at the time of the succession, the demons aren't the ones to prevail. Not all demons are bad, mind you. I've had my fair share of demon friends." She winked at me. "But the rage demons are only after one thing, power. They seek to take control of the entire realm, and I don't need to tell you how disastrous that would be. Yuk, I missed a spot." She grabbed a file off the dresser and began filing away at her nails; talk about getting side-tracked.
"Uh, yeah, you kinda do." 
"What? Oh, yes, right. If the rage demons succeed in taking control of the realm, everything will burn up, the entire world."  I swallowed hard. "We can always leave and go to another realm, but none of them are as nice as this one and Freyja has insisted that we stay and try to secure it." 
So we’d burn up like my parents did. I swallowed my anger to stay focused and learn what I could about my heritage. There would be plenty of time for vengeance later. 
"Okay, let me get this straight." I began rubbing my forehead. "Freyja is my grandmother and Odin is my grandfather, my mother was the Valkyrie, Svava." She nodded, still filing away. "Who is my father? Is he dead as well?" 
She stopped filing. "Oh, it was one of those five minute relationships; it didn't last. The guy misrepresented himself, and when your mom found out that he was a poser, she dumped him." Great, my birth mom was a slut. 
"So you don't know who or where he is? He isn't human, is he?"
"Nope, definitely not human and I haven't the foggiest idea where he is at this moment. Oh, I almost forgot." She reached back inside the trunk, pulling out the most amazing bow I had ever seen. It looked to be hand-crafted with the most beautiful markings. Setting the book aside, I eagerly reached for it. She stood, holding it out of my reach. "This isn't a regular bow, Kylie. It will only be usable by one owner at a time. If it chooses you, it will belong to you until your death. There are responsibilities that go along with that; you'll be compelled to use it to fight for our cause and it will speed up the awakening process. Is this something you are ready for?" 
The bow seemed to be beckoning me, something inside of me really wanted to connect with it. I'd barely heard anything else Rune had said other than the bow would have to choose me. It would choose me, of that I was certain. 
Nodding eagerly, I reached out for the bow.
Chapter 9

"Kylie, I'm serious." Rune cautioned, "This isn't a decision you should make lightly."
I needed that bow, was the only thought running through my head at the moment. "Yes, I hear you. I'm willing to take on whatever responsibilities that come with the bow because it will choose me. It was made for me." Leaping to my feet, I all but tackled her in an attempt to wrench the bow from her hands. She shoved me back down on the bed and my claws curled in anger. "Give it to me!" 
Her face changed from impassive to intrigued as the bow began to glow in her hands. "It does recognize you as its new owner." 
Bryn came waltzing into the room, scowling at Rune when she saw the bow gripped in her hand. "You can't be serious, Rune. The child is in no way, shape or form ready for this type of responsibility." 
"That's what I thought, too. I only meant it as incentive for her to explore the Valkyrie side of herself, but watch." She came closer to me and the bow beamed brightly once again. I dove for it, being slammed back down on the bed by Rune. 
"It never even reacted to Svava like that. It took her months to get the bow to recognize her and look at the girl." Bryn sounded off, genuinely surprised by the effect I was having on the bow and it on me. "This is Freyja's doing, give it to her. There isn't anything or anyone that will get in the way of Freyja's plan, even one as idiotic as this one." She left the room, singing Queen's “Another One Bites The Dust”. 
"Kylie, like Bryn said, this bow never reacted this way to your mother and I never had a clue that it would to you, so prepare yourself." As she tossed the bow in my general direction, I snatched it from the air. 
Electricity stronger than lightning surrounded me as my entire body shook and my hand that was gripping the bow began to feel as though it was on fire. Screeching, I attempted to let go of the bow, but couldn't. It was burning itself into my palm. A few seconds later, I no longer had a hand, it had melded with the bow. In a state of complete panic, I tried to yank the bow away with my other hand and it too began to meld with the bow. 
Screaming louder, I turned to Rune for help when I suddenly realized I was no longer in my mother's room at Valhalla. I was on a rocky ridge. The pain subsided and I examined my hands that had now returned and were perfectly fine; no signs of burns, or any other injury at all for that matter. The bow was also in perfect condition. Tossing it over my shoulder, I began to explore my new surroundings. The sky was overcast and brownish gray in color, black birds flew out in the distance and lighting was striking all around me. I had no idea where this was, but it wasn't a planet I'd ever been to. 
"Hello, child." A soft, echoing voice in the distance startled me. Turing around in circles, I searched for the source.
"Hello, who's there?" I called out, unable to track the direction from which the voice had come.
"I'm here, child." When I stopped searching, a woman appeared right in front of me. She was exquisite with her strawberry-blonde hair and crystal-blue eyes. Around her neck she wore a stunning necklace made of amber and rubies. Taking my eyes off the necklace proved to be more difficult than I expected. She lifted my chin, offering me her help with the task, and I was grateful. "I see you've acquired my bow." 
"Your bow?" I asked, genuinely surprised.
"Yes, I lent it to your mother and now I've lent it to you." She reached out, touching my face with her extremely soft hand. She seemed to be examining the mark on my face. Smiling, she dropped her arm. "Yes, this is an extremely good pairing." 
"Are you…?"
"The Goddess, Freyja? Yes, child. I am your grandmother and extremely proud to see that there is more to you than was originally thought. You are a great beauty and a Valkyrie through and through. Walk with me." When we turned and began walking across the rocking ground, every step she took flowers sprouted up, blooming large blossoms, mesmerizing me. "I'm sure you have many questions, and when you return, Sigrun will answer them. It is best that we spend our time together here in other ways."
"Sigrun?"
She rolled her eyes. This simple gesture looking awkward coming from someone of her stature. "Rune, I forget she likes to go by that ridiculous name." I nodded my understanding. "Svava was a brilliant archer and so full of promise. We had such high hopes for her. I think you will exceed all those hopes with ease." I didn't utter a single word. As she continued, something about her made me want to take in every tiny speck of wisdom or instruction she deemed appropriate for me. This behavior was completely unlike me. 
"A great war is approaching. It is imperative to our cause that we take out as many of the key players as possible before we engage in this war. The disaster that happened to the place where you grew up is a prime example of what these cretins are willing to do in order to dethrone me. I won't have it!" Lightning stuck hard around us. 
Sucking in a breath as I closed my eyes, I now understood how to draw this energy into my body. I couldn't imagine never understanding this. All I needed to do was open up to it, invite it in and, boo-yah, pure euphoria. When I opened my eyes, she was staring oddly at me. 
Flushing, I began to apologize, opening my mouth to speak, when she waved her hand, evoking silence. "You are different than the others. I'm curious to see how this all plays out." Thunder roared, interrupting us. "Ah, he bellows. Time to return you to Valhalla, my sweet." She leaned in, taking my face in her hands, then she blew right in my face, causing me to lose my breath seconds before I commenced passing out. 
***
When I woke I was tucked neatly in the bed, back in Svava's room at Valhalla with a white-faced Mason sitting in a chair next to me. "Kylie, oh, thank God! You're awake." Sitting up, I looked around the room to find it was just the two of us, no goddess Freyja or any Valkyries around. "These people are crazy, Kylie. Here you were, completely out of it, and they were like, ‘she'll be fine’, and went about their business. Can you believe that? They couldn't have cared less that you were convulsing, almost foaming at the mouth like you had rabies or somethin'." 
"I was foaming at the mouth?" The thought horrified me.
He shook his head. "Well, no, not really, but you could have been. I saw it in a movie once. You looked like you were possessed. I expected your head to spin around and for you to start spitting out green junk." 
Now I knew he was exaggerating. "You never should have watched the Exorcist. I told you it would screw with your head." Sitting up, my hand instantly caressed the bow lying closely at my side. It was the most perfect bow on the planet. An extremely good paring, the goddess had said. 
"Kylie, are you listening to me?" Mason broke into my thoughts.
"I'm sorry, what?" I focused on his concerned, little face. 
"You're not the same anymore. This place is changing you a little more every time I look at you." Sliding my feet onto the floor, I felt strong, rested and better yet, terrific. 
I began taking in the room. According to the goddess, Svava had great promise, but she saw more in me. I couldn't imagine how that could be possible. This room was evidence of the contributions she had made to the cause, protecting others to her own detriment. 
My hands grazed across the old dresser where Svava's clothes remained. I couldn't imagine what a Valkyrie archer dressed like; not in your typical Soccer Mom attire, of that I was certain. I mean, Rune was definitely into the grunge scene and Bryn wore crap out of the eighties. 
The old book that Rune had given me earlier before I'd been whisked away to meet the goddess was sitting undisturbed on the dresser. 
"What's that? It looks really old," Mason asked from over my shoulder.
"It is." Gently, I picked it up, being careful not to tear the binding. "In this book is everything about this new realm; all the creatures, the battles and the history of the Valkyrie. From what I was able to gather from the goddess Freyja, whatever happened to our parents has to do with the rage demons." 
Mason nodded. "That's what Demetri said, too." 
"What else did Demetri say?" I was genuinely curious as to what the rumor mill around a place like Valhalla was spreading. 
"He said that rage demons were the most dangerous and difficult to kill of all the supernatural beings." Listening, I glanced back at the wall where there were dozens of rage demon skulls mounted. "And that it was they who damaged the wall between the realms. They wanted to kill us all. Why? He didn't know, but he said it had something to do with the accession that was coming. They want to kick Freyja to the curb and take over." Well, that was at least in line with what Freyja had told me as well. 
"Anyway, they said that some of the Valkyrie wanted to find you and bring you here to Valhalla while the others hated the idea and wanted to leave you out there to rot." My nails curled. I'm not sure why this pissed me off so much, but it did. I wanted names! 
Shaking myself out of it, I refocused on Mason who was still chattering away. "Demetri's an orphan, too. The Valkyrie let him hang out here because his parents were captured and burned." 
"How awful! Did he see this happen?" I was horrified that this kid, vampire or not, had been a victim to such abuse. 
"Yeah, it totally blows. He hid out, trying to find a way to help them when they were taken out in daylight to face the sun. He was lucky they didn't find him and do the same to him. I got the feeling that he felt really guilty about the whole thing; not that it was his fault, but that he couldn't do anything in order to save them." And I thought Mason and I had it bad, at least we didn't have to watch our parents suffer. 
No sooner had that thought crossed my mind, when the door to the room burst open. "Where is she?!" I was suddenly face-to-face with a spiked, pink haired Valkyrie, furious about God, or should I say Freyja, knew what? "Rune! You let her have Svava's room?! No way, this isn't happening. Get out!" She picked me up and physically threw me out into the hallway. I was back on my feet the instant I hit the wall, nails curling and ready for her. 
When I saw my brother fighting in her arms, however, I lost it. "Your problem is with me, not with him! I swear to God and Freyja, if you hurt him, I will end you!" My blood began to heat up as rage filled me. 
Rune was between us an instant later, snatching Mason from the other Valkyrie's arms. It wasn't enough for me that Rune had saved Mason from injury, though; this chick needed to pay. 
"Ah, feeling tough, are we? Bring it!" she growled as her lips began peeling back, exposing her fangs. When she dove at me, I let my instincts take over and we went at it. 
Her fist hit against my cheekbone, nearly shattering it as I went sailing down the hallway with her midair after me. I fell hard, landing on my back at the top of the staircase. As she came towards me, I caught her in the ribs with my feet, sending her crashing into the banister and flipping over the railing to land on the ground floor. 
Wiping the blood from my lip as I stood to stare over and climb atop the banister at her now rising frame. I crouched momentarily before dropping down to land on top of her. She caught me around the neck, digging her claws in. Screeching in pain, I elbowed her as hard as I could in the ribs that had already taken a beating, slamming harder until one cracked. Then felt my face slammed into the hard wood floor with such force that my teeth slammed together. 
Ignoring the pain, I did the one and only thing I could think to do in my current situation, I threw my head back, bashing the back of my head into her face and continued to do so until she threw me aside. When I rose, turning around to defend against her onslaught once more, I found her spitting blood and evaluating her injuries. 
Grinning a red smile, she shouted, "Well done! Not bad at all. With a little work, you might do Svava proud after all." 
"I told you, my visions are never wrong." Rune looked on from the corner of the room, and I suddenly realized we had an audience; young Valkyrie observed from everywhere. The room was silent, something I gathered wasn't the norm. 
"Like always, Rune, I need to see things for myself." She turned to me with a nod. "I'm your aunt, Rota. If you want to survive, meet me in the morning out back for training." Without another word, she turned and stalked from the room.
Kylie's Journal Entry

Valhalla is always so loud and crowded with all the young ones barging into my room, wanting to suck up. It gets old. Rune showed me this amazing spot on the roof where I can be alone and write. Apparently, she and Svava used to come here when they were younger and it is beautiful here at night. I find it remarkably peaceful up here, surrounded by lightning rods.
I’ve been spending my days training with Rota. She's beaten the crap out of me so many times, I can't even count. She's teaching me the value of having knife skills and not totally relying on my bow for protection. Thankfully, I heal really fast, like super fast. I was so full of myself the night I attacked her, but she'd so taken it easy on me. At first, I thought I hated her, but now, I really like her. She is a no-nonsense kind of chick and you always know where you stand with her. Plus, she is definitely one you want on your side during a fight. Her knife skills are sick! I get the feeling that she and Svava were really close, not as close as Rune was, but she really cared about her. 
I can't seem to get anyone around here to spill the details regarding my birth father. Even when I bate them, I get nothing. 
Mason is doing better than I expected. All the screeching was really bothering him and even caused an eardrum to rupture the other day. Rune gave him some earplugs and that seemed to fix the problem. He's spends a ton of time with Demetri who's turned out to be a pretty cool little kid. Surprisingly, Demetri's eating habits were as disgusting as Mason and I had feared; he microwaves blood that had been taken from donors.  Most vamps get it right from the source but since he's living here, it only made sense for him to have a stash, seeing as none of us would be volunteering.  Can you believe that there are people that actually volunteer to have their vein tapped and seriously dig the process?! I mean I get the whole fantasy role-play thing, but come on, a simple slip in one of these vamps control and you’re a corpse! I'm getting nauseous just thinking about it so, moving on.
In what spare time I have, which isn't much, I've been pouring over the book that Svava used to record all the data regarding the history of the Valkyrie with all the beings in this world and how to kill them. 
Rage demons aren't, as I initially thought, so easy to take out. Apparently their skin is tough and several inches thick, meaning an arrow to the heart is easier said than done. Svava would slice through the area around the heart before sending, via arrow, the killing blow. 
I'm ashamed to say that instead of pouring over rage demons I've been doing a lot of research on shifters instead. Yes, Abercrombie made an impression on me. I found out that it's easy for us to block them from invading our minds. It's almost like flipping a switch in one’s brain that puts up a barrier between us and those that can mind read, which a lot of the beings in this realm can do. Rune instructed me to just flip the switch and forget about it. Then, I would never be caught with my pants down, so to speak.
Chapter 10

"Hi there." A voice to my left had me pulling my knife and crouching for the pounce. 
Axel, in all his leathered, dreamy glory—as if my written words had summoned him out of thin air—was standing a few feet from me. I sheathed the knife and sat back down, motioning for him to join me as I closed the book.
"What are you doing here? I'm surprised you made it through the front door in one piece." I snickered; some of the younger ones I'd met were so revved up with the onset of early awakening that they were eager to attack anything that seemed out of place here.  
"My Uncle Zane is visiting the others with his mate, Geira. I came along to see how you and the little dude were doing."  
I nodded. Geirahold, otherwise known as Geira, was a real legend around here. She didn't reside at Valhalla since she’d mated with a shifter, but she along with Rune, Bryn and Rota, ran the place. I hadn't met her as of yet and was eager to see her in action some day. She and her spear skills were a living legend. 
"Rune tell you I was out here?" 
"Yeah. I'm trying to avoid Bryn; she's still got it in for me about her stupid karaoke night, even though I had absolutely nothing to do with it. Crazy Valkyrie." He sat down next to me. "How you holding up?"
Shrugging as I thought about it for a minute, I realized I hadn't even considered how I was doing until he just asked. "Fine, I guess. There's a heck of a lot I need to learn, but I'm working on it." 
"You look good. Like you’re settling into yourself, I mean." He attempted to use his charm on me. According to Svava’s book, shifters were known for their ability to charm the pants off all supernatural females. Well, I for one was keeping my pants on. 
"Thanks. I had an experience with Svava's bow that included a trip to the Goddess, Freyja, and it sped things up a bit." I pulled my knees up, casually wrapping my arms around them as I looked off into the distance.
"I heard." 
Turning to face him, my shoulder brushed against his, reminding me of all the energy he held inside himself. Being I adored energy, it was a real turn on, however I ignored it, focusing on how he'd heard my news. "How?"
"Like I said before, my uncle is mated to Geira. Nothing gets passed her." 
"Oh." With that, we settled into silence. 
"Hey, we're having this, um, thing. It's nothing really, just a bunch of us hanging out and stuff. We have one on every full moon, so it’s no big deal if you can’t make it, but if you want—" 
"Oh, for Freyja's sake, you're embarrassing yourself, you little dweeb! Spit it out!" We were both on our feet, facing the legendary Geira, who was easily the tallest Valkyrie of us all. Most of us didn’t even reach five-foot-five; she was a good three inches taller. 
Her jade colored eyes met mine with curiosity. "Don't worry, Kylie, I won't let the secret out about your rooftop reprieve. Come here." I slowly walked over to where she was standing by the doorway that led into the attic space. "My, Rota didn't exaggerate, you really are the spitting image of Svava, down to the archer’s birth mark." My hand instinctively went to my face. "I hear you're making great strides with your training." 
"I'm trying." 
"Good. We're leaving, Axel. If you don't want Bryn to catch you, you might want to just take a running leap off the roof and meet us at the car." She turned to leave. "If this lug can ever get his tongue untied and ask you to the full moon harvest, I'd love to spend some time with you while you're there. The shifters get a little crazy at the end and forget about any of us that aren't really one of them, so we could use that time and work on your spear skills if you'd like." 
"Yes!" I blurted out and she smiled. "I mean, thank you." 
"Sure." She turned to go inside. Before closing the door, she called, "Leaving in five, Axel, so make it quick before she realizes that she's way out of your league." 
By that point, he had gotten a little nerve back and shouted back, "Like that ever stopped Zane from going out with you!" He smiled nervously at me, causing butterflies to form in my stomach. "The full moon harvest really is a lot of fun, if you'd like to go with me?" 
"Sure, it sounds great." His nervous smile broadened into a full-blown, face-creasing grin that made my heart melt. 
"Axel!" We heard Bryn bellow from somewhere inside Valhalla. 
"Gotta run." Surprising me, he leaned in and kissed me lightly on the cheek before taking a running leap off the roof. 
Walking to retrieve my journal, I was on cloud nine. It was a nice change to the past few months of pure hell. 
As I turned to go back inside, Rune was leaning against the doorframe, holding her cheek and batting her eyes at me. "I'll never wash this cheek again," she purred in mock falsetto. I took a flying leap, landing on top of her as we rolled back inside, laughing as we hit the floor of the attic. 
"Oh crap!" I began. "He forgot to tell me when this full moon harvest thing was taking place." 
Rune stood up, dusting her shirt off. "On the full moon, duh." As she offered me her hand, I accepted it and she pulled me to my feet. 
"Yeah, right, of course," I commented, shaking my head. It had been a while since I'd been out on a date and I was a little nervous about it. I had no idea what in the world you wore to a shifter party. Hopefully I had a little time before the next full moon.
"You'll really like Geira, she rocks!" We began the descent down the stairs. "I know we've been pushing you really hard lately, but you need margin in your life. You're sixteen for Freyja's sake, be sixteen, have fun!" 
She really understood me more than I gave her credit for, or maybe I was more transparent than I realized. I'd been having an inner struggle. Part of me didn't believe I deserved to enjoy myself when my mom and dad had been killed by supernaturals of this world—my world—because, admittedly, I felt partly responsible. 
Mason was waiting for me when we came downstairs. "Kylie, I creamed Demetri in Tomb Raider!" 
"Creamed is a bit of an exaggeration, Mase," Demetri grumbled. 
"They're having an Xbox tournament tonight! Wanna come play for a bit? You and I can team up and kick some Valkyrie butt!?" 
Wrapping my arm around his shoulders, I decided to take Rune's advice. "Sure, Mase, I'd love to play."
Chapter 11

"Come on, Kylie, you can do better than that?" Rota complained as she stood above me. Only seconds before she’d easily blocked my strike and taken my legs out from underneath me. "If I'd been a Slasher, you would be a shriveling mess right about now." She nudged my side with her boot. 
Sighing, I slammed my fists against the ground. "I don't know what's up with me. I can't seem to get it together today." 
She sat down on the ground beside me. "When was the last time you energized?" 
"Huh?" 
"Energized; as in fed your body so it has energy to burn?" I stared up at her dumbfounded. "Kylie, just because you aren't eating regular food like your brother does anymore, that doesn't mean you can go without energizing yourself. Think back, when was the last time." 
"Well," I thought, "I suppose it was when I met with the Goddess." 
"No wonder. I can’t believe you survived this long so early after the awakening." She gaped at me as if I'd lost my mind. 
Defending myself, I cried, "I figured that with all the lightning rods," I waved toward Valhalla, "I didn’t need to worry about it anymore." 
She shook her head. "Rune is doing a poor job at conveying how we Valkyrie live. The lighting that is drawn down into Valhalla isn't enough to sustain you. Think about it kind of like an afternoon snack and compound that with all the extra exertion we've been putting your body through. You’re lucky you have the energy to walk." 
I felt really foolish. Of all the things that I had been researching about this new realm, I had neglected one of the most important aspects, survival. Yes, I'd ensured that Mason had what he needed by way of nourishment, but I had never even considered myself. I never felt hungry anymore. A little weak now and then, definitely, however never hungry. 
"Come with me." She pulled me to my feet by my arm and then we began walking farther back into the woods of the property. "I bet even Freyja neglected to show you how to care for yourself." She snorted. "She's always so self-centered." My astonishment at her statement was more than obvious by my body language. "What? Like you don't have ‘mommy issues’? Ha, I can tell you this much, if you’d been raised by Svava, you'd have some seriously high therapy bills." Before I could open my mouth to ask the nagging question about my birth mom that was still at the forefront of my mind, she stopped us. "Here; this is it."  
Glancing around where she'd brought me, I tried to figure out where it was. It appeared to be just another part of the woods to me. "Okay, now what?" 
"I'm sharing something with you, Kylie, pay attention." I thought I was. "When we teach our young to begin energizing from a power source, like lightning, we bring them to a place where they can attract it, like we do with the rods on the roof. They must learn to energize often so when they are older and in battle they won’t have any issues. Not every Valkyrie can summon lightning at will." She wagged her eyebrows at me. "But I can." Now she had my attention. 
She spread her arms out wide, eyes intensely green as she curled her claws toward the sky. At first nothing happened, then out of nowhere, bolts of lightning rained down to land in her palms. Her eyes rolled back into her head as she took the energy deep inside her body. A second later, she closed her fists and it was gone. Poof, like it had never happened. The trees were untouched by the electricity; the only evidence was the singed grass where she was standing. Unbelievable. 
"Your turn." She stepped aside, motioning me to take her place in the center of the singed blades of grass.
"I don't know how to do that." 
"Yes, you do. Freyja wouldn't have allowed the pairing of her precious bow to you if you didn’t have the ability of the five." 
"The five? I'm unfamiliar with that term." 
"Think for a moment. The most powerful of the Valkyrie are those of us who run Valhalla. We're the ones who wage war on those who dare to threaten Freyja and our realm." 
"Okay, that would be you, Rune, Bryn and Giera. That's four." Then it hit me, "Svava, my mother was the fifth." 
"Correct, Svava was the keeper of the bow and now you are." Rota looked on me with pride and it made me want to prove to be worthy of this placement, although I feared they were all going to be sorely disappointed. They had far too many years on my mere sixteen. How was I ever going to manage to catch up? 
When the questions began mounting once more, I pushed them aside as she spoke. "Now channel it. The lightning is part of you; it is the essence of who you are." 
Nodding my head, I attempted to imitate the exact same thing she’d done a moment ago as I called out to the lightning. Feeling foolish when nothing happened, I began to wonder if a terrible mistake had been made. Perhaps I wasn't supposed to be one of the five after all. A smack to the back of my head snapped me out of my denial. 
"Ouch!" My claws curled as I glared at Rota.
She glared back at me. "Good, your anger will help you! Now channel it." 
Gritting my teeth, I did, holding my arms out wide while opening my palms and staring straight up into the sky. I visualized it; the power, the energy. I beckoned it to fill me and then, it did. 
Electricity with the intensity I'd yet to experience flowed down from the sky and into my body. It was magnificent. I quaked and quivered, but held on, wanting more. I would never get enough. It made me feel strong, alive and invincible. Feeling a buzzing in my right ear, I shook my head to shoo away the bee, fly or whatever it was that was becoming a nuisance. Yet, it didn't go away, it kept getting louder and louder until I finally realized it wasn't an insect. It was Rota, screeching at the top of her lungs.
"Shut! It! Off! Kylie, enough!" 
Closing my fist, I reluctantly let the energy go, staggering slightly. "Wow! That was freakin’ incredible!" 
"Did you enjoy your little trip to Freyja land?" Rota scowled at me.
"What are you talking about? I didn't go anywhere."
"No, but if you don't exercise some restraint during the energizing process, you'll be on a one-way trip to The Fade." 
Still enjoying the invincible feeling, I punched her in the arm, hard. "You didn't explain that to me before I began, and I have no intention of ever taking a life ending trip to The Fade!" 
She rubbed her arm. "I didn't think I had to. It’s instinctual to know when to stop. I've been trying to teach you to follow through with your punches for days now, and all you needed to do was energize. Unbelievable!" She rolled her eyes before stalking off.
"Hey! How is any of this my fault?" I hurried to catch up with her. "You guys are the experts here, being Freyja's kids and all, so don't go putting your failures on me!" 
She held her hand in my face as she continued walking. "Talk to the hand." 
"I swear you guys are nothing except a bunch of overgrown teenagers. No wonder I fit in so well here." 
"Get on the clue bus, Kylie. Valkyrie aren't babysitters; we're a survival of the fittest kind of group. Have to be." 
As we approached the hall, a sleek, red convertible Ferrari came whipping around Valhalla, stirring up a lot of dust and attracting tons of attention. As it came to a stop a few feet from us, Rota called out, "Catch you later!" Hopping into the passenger seat as the driver that I couldn't quite get a good look at took off, leaving me covered in dirt. 
Coughing, I lifted the hem of my tee shirt to wipe my face clean. 
"I'm going to have a car like that when I turn sixteen." 
I turned to see one of my thirteen-year-old groupies coming out on the lawn to meet me. Like the others with blonde hair, she'd copied my hair style; a Celtic knot that I'd found a tutorial for online. I'd forgotten her name once again, was it Etta, Ella or Emma? I couldn’t remember, so I decided on E. "Hiya, E! How's it going?" The young girl brightened when I spoke to her, making me feel a little crummy about the way I'd brushed her off so many times. Survival of the fittest, Rota's words rang in my ears. 
"Good! Great! Rota's working with a bunch of us on archery tomorrow. You gonna be there?" 
I shrugged in response as my mind wandered back to Rota and the unidentifiable guy she’d left with, racking my brain to come up with what supernatural being was able to blur his image. Nothing. Time to shower and do more research.
"Oh, well, it'll be rockin' if you can come." She toed the ground with her shoe. 
I patted her on the shoulder, "I've got some things to do. See you around, E!" She brightened again and I took off running toward the building.
Chapter 12

"Why do you have to go?" Mason whined while sitting cross-legged on my bed behind me, watching me decide which earrings looked best with my outfit. 
"I told you, I'll get to hang out with Geira while I'm there, and besides, I already gave Axel my word that I would be his date." Spinning around, I asked, "Do you like the loops or the spangles better?" I had one in each ear. 
"I don't know; I'm not a chick, remember?" He threw his arms in the air. "I don't like this one bit. You get to go running off all over the place while I have to stay here with all these nuts." 
"Demetri will be here. I thought you two were good buds now?" I decided on the spangles. 
"We are, but he's a vampire, Kylie. Everyone here is some kind of supe except me." 
"Supe?" 
"Supernatural. Even you. I miss Mom and Dad. They were plain ole normal people like me. I don't want to be the odd ball." 
"Mason." I came to sit next to him on the bed and put my arm around his shoulders, which he immediately shrugged off as he stood to his feet. "I'm sorry you're feeling left out. Things won’t always be as they are now. You'll see, things will get better." 
"Really? How? I'm going to grow up a human in a supernatural realm. You might as well be throwing me into a shark tank with a bucket of chum! I hate it here! I want to go home!" 
"There isn't a home to go back to." I felt awful having to remind him of this seeing as he was so upset.
"Yes, there is. Maybe not in the same area or with Mom and Dad, but there are still places that are in the human realm that weren't affected by the tear. I can go there." He crossed his arms over his chest, giving me his stubborn face. 
"And do what? You're twelve; how are you going to survive without someone to take care of you?" 
His eyes brightened. "You could come with me, say you’re eighteen or twenty-one. No one will ever suspect. We could get an apartment and with your wicked new skills we'd never be without money. Come on, Kylie, let's go home. A real home without all this screeching, lightning, Slashers, shifters, demons and vamps. We could make new friends, normal ones." He took an advancing step toward me, trying to appeal to my sister side. 
I could see plainly he was hurting and I hated it, but the things he was saying hurt me as well. I adored the lightning and the screeching kinda soothed me. I know he didn't mean to, nevertheless he was calling me abnormal. 
"Can we talk about this when I get back later?" Shooting to my feet, I turned my back to him. 
"No, we can't," he replied softly before leaving the room, slamming the door on his way out. Dropping my brush on top of the dresser, I started to go after him when my cell chirped. Picking it up off the bedside table, I saw the text was from Axel. It read pick u up in 10. Responding with a quick k, I went to put on a pair of sheep skin suede boots I'd found in the closet. 
Come to find out, Svava had amazing taste in clothing. At first I felt odd about trying her stuff on, however I quickly got over it when I found that she'd taken her fashion sense right out Vogue, or at least, I assumed it was Vogue. 
My thoughts drifted to what life would have been like if I'd been raised by her as a mom instead of my mom. We would have been able to share clothes and shoes, which was kinda cool. We could have hunted together, with me being able to learn directly from her. She would have taught me the importance of energizing instead of Rota. She would have still been a part of the five, and I would still get to be a teenager, a Valkyrie teen instead of a human one. I was starting to paint a rosy picture for myself until Rota's words drifted back into my mind, Ha, I can tell you this much, if you’d been raised by Svava, you'd have some seriously high therapy bills. With that, the rosy picture shattered. 
Admiring my reflection in the mirror, I thought I looked pretty good. I'd gone with the layered look. I had faded skinny jeans paired with a burnt sienna, embroidered, chiffon tank with a fringe bottom, which was layered under a white, southwest-pattern yoke half-button tunic. On top of that, a brown-toned canvas, trimmed, snap-front, hooded vest and I’d finished the look with a studded, brown leather belt. 
"Thank you, Svava, for keeping your closet updated," I whispered, feeling a little closer to her. 
My cell chirped again, signaling that Axel was out front and waiting on me. Sliding my cell into my back pocket, I left the room, hurrying down the stairs to find Rune, Rota and Bryn standing by the front door. Great.
"Svava was right; if you keep clothes long enough, they come back into style. That outfit is right out of the seventies," Rota laughed. 
"He isn't coming in to get you?" Bryn clucked her tongue. 
"No, he's afraid you'll kill him before we even make it through the front door," I said, crossing my arms over my chest. I was nervous enough already that now, having to deal with these three, was a bit aggravating. 
"Smart lad!" Bryn opened the door, waving her knife in the air in way of greeting. 
"Do you have protection?" Rune blurted out next. 
Not believing my ears, I reddened, feeling absolutely sick to my stomach. "Um, Rune, Mom had that talk with me years ago." 
"Your human mom, what did she know about it? Nothing." Rune rolled her eyes. "I can see you don't have any protection on you. Rule number one of being a Valkyrie, never leave Valhalla without protection." 
"I thought rule number one was kill first, ask questions later?" Rota yawned, plopping down on the sofa. 
"This is a new rule system, Rota, and I say it’s number one." Rune glared at Rota who immediately shrugged and flipped on the television above the fireplace. My God, forget about surviving in the supernatural world, my real problem was surviving this conversation. 
"Here." Rune tucked a sheathed, double-sided knife into my hand and that’s when I understood the Valkyrie meaning of “protection”. 
Tucking it into my jeans, I hurried out the door before anyone else could open their mouth. 
Axel was leaning against his bike when I came out, looking totally hot in his dirty styled jeans and leather jacket. His thick, dark hair glistened in the sun while a smile creased his face when he saw me. "Wow." I took that as a major compliment. "I tried to come in and wait for you, but Bryn started throwing knives. " He shrugged. "I thought it best if I waited out here. She could have totally ruined my jacket." Turning to glare back at Valhalla, I saw Bryn was peering out the window, knife still in hand as she gave him the finger. I flipped her off, giving her some of her own treatment and she died laughing. 
Rolling my eyes, I turned back to Axel. "No biggie." 
He climbed on his bike, firing it up—the most glorious sound in the whole entire world—then nodded for me to climb on behind him, and I did so, smiling. Wrapping my arms around his waist, his scent of woods and spice filled my nostrils. I was in heaven. He was incredibly warm; much warmer than your average person—a shifter thing. The wind was whipping in my hair, making me glad I chose to stick with the Celtic knot. One of the perks of being a supe, as Mase called it, was that you didn't have to worry about the average bumps and bruises, meaning I could enjoy this ride without wearing a helmet. 
He took a corner a little sharper than I'd anticipated and I shrieked, gripping his waist tighter. He chuckled in response. He'd done that on purpose. I smiled, feeling more comfortable and resting my chin on his shoulder. I was having such an amazing time, which ended far too fast for my taste as he pulled into a woodsy area and parked. 
As I got off the bike, I checked my reflection in the side mirror. Yes, I was windblown, but the knot had held and I thought it added something to my look as I ran my fingers through my hair to untangle a few messy clumps. 
"You look great. I'll be the envy of the harvest." Smiling at me, he reached down, taking my hand and threading his fingers with mine, sending a jolt of electricity up my arm and butterflies to my stomach. "Come on, I'll introduce you before sunset when everything gets crazy." I nodded, not having any idea what he meant by crazy. I mean, really, what would be considered crazy with this bunch. Yikes. 
Axel and I walked out into the open space that had been cleared among the forest. It reminded me of the fall festivals we had back home with hay bales arranged in a circle and a giant bonfire in the center. They had stands set up all in a row filled with all kinds of fair foods; like grilled corn on the cob, Polish sausages topped with grilled peppers and onions, pulled pork barbecue, along with foods I didn’t recognize. They had desserts of all kinds, including one of my favorites, caramel apples. Well, used to be one of my favs. Now I couldn't stomach anything. I understood from what I'd been reading since my last energizing session with Rota that, in order for a Valkyrie to become pregnant with another supe’s baby, they had to begin eating again, and continue to do so through the duration of the pregnancy. Learning this had made me aware that my mother couldn't have accidentally become pregnant, as I initially had thought. No, she’d wanted me the proof was that she had made sure to begin eating while in this relationship.  It wasn't something that came easily for a Valkyrie, especially one as old as my mother who hadn't consumed that type of nutrition since her awakening; this piece of knowledge made me feel a whole lot better. 
"You okay?" Axel gave my hand a squeeze as he looked down at me. 
"Sure. Just lost in thought, I guess. This whole scene reminds me of home," I said, smiling up at him. It did. I couldn’t believe how much as I looked out into the distance, spying a few carnival rides in full swing. They even had a Ferris wheel, Mason's favorite. I felt a little sad about leaving him and decided that the next harvest they had, I would make it up to him by bringing him along; if I received another invitation anyway. He would totally dig it. 
"Really?" he asked, genuinely interested. He'd opened his mouth to speak again when we were interrupted by Geira and her mate; a tall, broad and drop dead gorgeous shifter. I saw the resemblance between Axel and his uncle immediately. He, like Axel, had a full head of dark locks and whiskey colored eyes, but they held a world more experience within them. He was broader and outweighed Axel. He was a glimpse of the man Axel would one day become. 
I must have been staring because Geira winked at me before saying, "Scrumptious, right?" Oh, was he ever. Blushing, I looked away. "Zane, this is my niece, Kylie. Isn't she the spitting image of Svava?" 
"That she is. Perhaps even more lovely." The scrumptious hottie with a deep pitched voice full of rumble and grit spoke as he held out his hand to me. "This clod has forgotten his manners due to your stunning beauty, no doubt. I'm Alpha of this pack." Oh, he was charming. I hesitated before taking his hand, beaming like an idiot and evoking laughter from Geira. God, I was never going to live this down. When my hand slid into his, a jolt of energy ran up my arm. It was much stronger than what I received from touching Axel. 
"Wow," I breathed, embarrassed the moment the word left my lips. Receiving a snort from Axel at the same time I received a chuckle from Zane. 
"Right?" Geira grinned as Zane released my hand. 
"Nice to meet you," I managed to get out before I came off looking like a complete idiot. 
"Show off," Axel muttered under his breath. 
"You guys have a great time," Geira said as Axel so rudely began hauling me in the opposite direction. "I'll find you in a bit, Kylie." I turned to nod and wave at Geira, getting another eye full of Zane before turning back around. 
"He's such a jerk, always throwing his Alpha status around." 
Shifters, like wolves, lived in packs. This was something I read up on early in my research. It seemed odd to me at first until I thought of it as a family, the Alpha being the head of the family and what he says goes. Actually, it was more like a mob family than a regular family because you didn't cross an Alpha. Ever. 
"I think he was just being nice." 
He snorted in response as we walked up to a pack of teens all sitting around another fire ring. 
"Who's your friend, Axel?" A busty redhead dressed in a leather mini skirt and a fluffy, red, cowl neck sweater that didn't reach the top of her skirt—showing tons of tummy, I might add—said while standing to come over to where we were. When she gave Axel a full frontal hug, he took a quick glance down at me before releasing my hand and returning her hug. I instantly hated her. 
When she finally released him, he said, clearing his throat, "Kylie, this is Mist."
She never even acknowledged me. Batting her lashes and putting on a pouty face, she instead spoke to Axel, "I'm sorry to interrupt you, but I need to speak with you privately."
"Well, can it wait? I don't want to leave Kylie." 
"I'm afraid not." She pouted a little more. Witch.
She was already pulling him by the arm when he turned to me with apologetic eyes, shrugging. Jerk.
As I watched them walk away I thought, There isn't a teen alive that is built that way, besides her anyway. At that point, a couple of shifter guys took advantage of Axel's momentary distraction to come over and introduced themselves to me. I decided I was going to be overly friendly in order to get a little dignity back from being tossed to the side by my date. 
Pasting a huge smile on my face, I stepped over to meet them. I can be enthralling, too; when I want to be. "Hi fella's!" 
I was instantly surrounded by shifter males, ages sixteen to eighteen. "You're Geira's niece, right?" asked a large shifter who had big green eyes and golden skin with long blonde hair, which was the exact same shade as mine, tied back in a leather tie. 
"I am. My name is Kylie." As I beamed up at him, his face creased with a smile, exposing perfect white teeth. 
"Lovely to meet you, Kylie." He began taking my hand in his as he bent down to kiss it, but right before, he growled playfully, "I'm Ryder." 
I giggled as he held my gaze under the cover of his long golden lashes. Afterward, several others introduce themselves to me in a similar fashion. Their names I didn't retain, and seeing that Ryder had won, they all kinda scattered, going back on the prowl. 
"This is really something. You guys really do this every full moon?" I asked Ryder in an attempt to make conversation and forget the fact that Axel was off with the shifter chick, alone.
"We do. It’s sort of a tradition with us. Although we do try to add more activities every few years or so just to keep it from going stale." I nodded. I couldn't believe that this would ever become boring for anyone, however. "Have you been on any rides yet?" Shaking my head no, I looked around for Axel. "Well, we can remedy that." 
"I really should wait here for Axel." I smiled apologetically. 
He looked at me with a little pity in his eyes, making me feel completely pathetic. "Ah, come on. They could be a while." He offered me his arm. Screw it! I wasn't going to sit around here, waiting on some stupid guy when there was fun to be had. 
Making up my mind, I smiled brightly, taking Ryder's arm. "Let's go!"  
Chapter 13

The sun was setting as Ryder and I waited in line to ride the Himalaya, chatting it up about anything and everything. He was a ton of fun to be with, laughing loudly when I told him about my fight with Bryn while stuffing his face with caramel corn. He told me all about himself; information such as the fact that his father was Beta—meaning second in command to Axel's uncle—and since he had just turned eighteen, he was training to join the soldier ranks of the pack. I told him all about my brother and how I came to live at Valhalla and how I'd met Axel. 
"Next! Come on, you two, you want to ride or what?!" a lovely shifter female shouted at us as we waited on the platform to board the ride. Laughing that we'd gotten lost in conversation, Ryder and I went to take our seats. 
"You go in first, so I can take your weight against me and not the other way around," Ryder said, smiling. I'd ridden the Himalaya a thousand times while growing up at home, but this one was like the ride at home on steroids.  
"Don't get any ideas. I'm wise to why you chose this ride." I glared playfully at him as I took my seat. 
"I have no idea what you're talking about," Ryder said, grinning as he folded his big body into our car then placed his arm on the top of the seat behind my head as he pulled the safety bar to rest on the tops of our thighs. Unbeknownst to me, a clump of his hair had come out of the band and was resting on my shoulder, thinking the hair was my own I tucked it behind my ear, pulling his head to mine. 
"Oh," I breathed as his lips were a mere inch from mine. "I'm sorry. I thought it was my hair," I said, blushing and quickly returning his hair to its rightful place. Although he didn't move away, his eyes began glowing slightly. He was about to kiss me and I knew it. What I didn't know was if I wanted him to kiss me. Thankfully, the ride started and I didn't have to make up my mind as it started flinging us both back and then, as expected, flung me into his body. 
Both of us laughed as the ride sped up even more while we went round and round. When his arm came to rest around my shoulders, holding me firmly to his side, I could feel the muscles in his arm flexing; he was strong, very strong. 
When the ride ended, we stood to leave then noticed that our hair had tangled together from whipping around. We laughed some more as I tried to figure out what was mine and what belonged to him. Once straightened out, we walked down the exit ramp as I tried to manage my mangled mane, seeing as how the Celtic knot had failed to hold during the ride. Watching me, he finally  asked if he could help. 
"And how do you propose to do that?" I asked, smiling.  
He pulled the tie from the back of his hair and came around behind me to fasten it in mine. "This will hold it. I've tried ties of different thickness and this one does the trick every time." 
I opened my mouth to thank him when Axel approached us, fiercely angry. "Ryder, you have stooped to a new low," Axel growled. 
Ryder calmly continued with his task then stepped around me to face his accuser. "You left your date alone in a strange pack while you went to consort with your on-again-off-again ex." She was his ex? Now I was really pissed. 
"I was back in two minutes and you'd taken off with her. It was witnessed by many in the pack and you know that isn't cool." 
I stepped up beside Ryder, taking his arm just to piss Axel off as punishment for putting me in this predicament. Ryder smiled smugly at Axel as I spoke, "Why don't you run back to your girlfriend. Ryder and I are having a good time. Don't spoil it." 
"She isn't my girlfriend, Kylie. I swear. I wouldn't have left you if she didn't need to speak with me." Axel ignored Ryder and pleaded with me with his eyes. 
We were drawing attention and this was obviously thoroughly embarrassing Axel. I felt bad and started to relent, unhooking my arm from Ryder's. I had come here with Axel and leaving with another guy was pretty low, however when his ex showed back up, handing him an ear of corn which he took, my bad feelings were replaced with irritation.  
"Looks like your non-girlfriend wants to eat with you." Taking Ryder's arm once more, I nudged him to leave. "See ya around, Axel." And we stalked off.  
"You okay?" Ryder asked as we took a seat on a bale of hay. 
Keeping my eyes on the blazing fire before us, I replied, shrugging, "Sure, it’s not as if Axel and I were a couple or anything. I hardly know the guy." That wasn't exactly true. 
My pride had taken a serious hit, not that I wouldn't survive it. I certainly would, though part of me still would take a great deal of satisfaction by ripping the redhead’s hair out by the roots. My nails were curling just thinking about it. 
Glancing up at Ryder to see if he noticed my desire, I was surprised to find that, not only had he not noticed, but that his face was also lifted toward the full moon, his nostrils flaring wildly. As I continued to study his strange behavior, his face changed before my very eyes. I tried not to shriek because looking around at the others seated around us their faces were doing the exact same thing. It was odd and I'm not sure if I could ever give an accurate description of what I was witnessing, though I'll certainly try. 
You know how a hologram card works? Well, I studied holography for a science fair project last year and it was fascinating. Holography is a technique that enables three-dimensional images to be made. It involves the use of a laser, interference, diffraction, light intensity recording and suitable illumination of the recording. The image changes as the position and orientation of the viewing system alters in exactly the same way as if the object were still present, thus making the image appear three-dimensional. That’s the best way to describe the changes I was seeing on the shifters around me. I couldn't quite focus on one specific form. 
While I was pondering this, the howling began. Loud, eerie wolf-like howling that caused ever cricket, frog and other creature that inhabited this area to fall silent, at which point, Ryder turned toward me with golden-yellow eyes I didn't recognize. Whatever was viewing me from behind those eyes wasn't the same person I'd been having a blast with a short time ago, and I swear he licked his elongating fangs as his eyes narrowed slightly. 
"Ahhh, the hunt," Ryder said chillingly, leaning closer to me. 
"Time to go!" was whispered from behind me as my arm was jerked up by an adamant Geira, hauling me out of there. Even though I didn't understand what was going on or why Geira had us running as if our lives depended on it, I enjoyed the exertion. The feeling of the cool night air whipping around me was simply exhilarating and I was slightly disappointed when she slowed her pace and came to a stop. 
"Where are we?" I asked, glancing around at the barren landscape with a couple of log cabins off to the side. 
"This is the white zone; Alpha territory. This area is off limits for the hunt," Geira said nonchalantly and began stretching. 
"Is that supposed to mean something to me?" I asked, raising my eyebrows. "What was happening to the shifters? Ryder looked at me like he wanted to devour me."
She smiled disturbingly at me. "Oh, he did, in a completely different way than you’re referring to that is. It’s the full moon; it brings out the beast within them. Zane will hunt me down shortly, so let’s make quick work of this lesson." She appeared absolutely thrilled at the prospects of being hunted down. Okay, now I understood her meaning of devour quite clearly. 
***
"Thanks for the ride!" I called out to Geira as she dropped me off at Valhalla the next day. It had been quite late when we’d finished training and Zane had indeed come hunting for her. 
Thankfully, they allowed me the use of their cabin for the night, seeing as the two of them would be sleeping under the stars after they finished their, uh, festivities. 
Somewhere around four a.m., I was able to block out the noises surrounding the cabin and get a few hours of sleep. When Geira and Zane finally surfaced, they both insisted on me staying a few hours and visiting with them. Geira had tons of stories to tell me about my mother, and despite the night before, I ended up having a great time. Geira seemed to be the most down to earth of all the Valkyries, although don't let that deceive you; she was as lethal as they come. 
The sun was setting as I reached the front door to find a panic-stricken Demetri on the other side of it. He was easily excitable so his current state didn't alarm me at first. 
"What's going on Demetri? You and Mase have a fight or something?" I asked, closing the door. 
Demetri opened his mouth and began speed talking, something I had recently learned that he did when nervous. "I'm so sorry. Please don't kill me! I didn’t have any idea that he would seriously take anything I said seriously, and if it hadn't been daylight I would have gone after him the moment I realized that he had." Demetri was nervously wringing his hands as he shifted from foot to foot. 
Placing my hands on his shoulders, I peered into his face. "Calm down. I'm sure it’s not as bad as all that. Take a deep breath and tell me what transpired while I was gone, slowly." I used Rune's choice of wording. It always got the desired response from all the young ones. 
He took a deep breath as instructed, but couldn't seem to slow his speech as he began rambling on. "Mason's gone. I showed him on the map where the tear in the realm took place and that it would be possible for him to get back on the other side by sliding through it. He was so angry at you. I thought I was being a good friend by helping him, but I never thought he would actually go. I told him about the dangers to someone like him, a human. He wouldn't listen. When I woke for the night, he was gone. I was just about to take off after him when you came in! I swear, Kylie! I swear!" 
Not believing my ears, I stood, staring at Demetri while gripping his shoulders so hard he was wincing. I immediately released my grip and took off up the stairs to Mason's room that he shared with Demetri. His bunk was a mess, giving the appearance that he'd slept in it, but it was always a mess, so there was no way to tell if he had or not. 
I began tearing through the room looking for Mason's backpack. Gone. And if his pack was gone, Mason was gone. My heart sank.
Chapter 14

Arming myself down to the hilt with my bow, arrows and knives while not allowing myself to feel upset, focusing on the task at hand and then finding my brother was how I was going to get through this. If I permitted myself to consider the events leading up to this, I would crumble into a weepy ole mess, losing valuable time that could be spent locating Mason. 
I grabbed a change of clothes for both of us and tucked them into my pack because I was pretty sure Mason hadn’t considered bringing extra clothes along. He had probably been in too big of a hurry to even think about it. He had to have known that, once I returned, I would come after him. 
Dangit! If I hadn't been so excited about going out with Axel, ignoring Mason's distress, none of this would have ever happened. No, not going there. I would find him and make it right. 
"What's the plan? You going to drag him back here kicking and screaming?" Bryn asked as she suddenly appeared and leaned against the doorframe of my bedroom while filing her nails. Glaring daggers in her direction, I had no intention of engaging her. It wouldn't end well and would simply waste more time. She shrugged. "Demetri told me. He's human, Kylie, and he doesn't belong here." 
Ignoring her, I brushed passed her on my way downstairs where Demetri was waiting for me by the front door. 
"I'm coming with you." Demetri stuck his chin out in defiance. He was assuming that I was going to oppose him tagging along. I wasn't. I gave him a quick nod of approval and his eyes widened momentarily. Then he said, "Okay then." 
Rune and Rota came in the room next, both dressed for war, and by the expression on both their faces, I was sure this didn't have anything to do with Mason. 
Rune approached me, putting her hand on my shoulder. "You find your little bro and hurry back. Circumstances have… changed. We're going on the offense." 
Rota piped up, "It's time we have a conversation. Perhaps we were wrong to not discuss this with you immediately, but what's done is done and obviously this isn't the time. Be careful." I wanted to inquire more, but decided that if I didn't go after Mason now, with the current climate changing in this realm, he might not survive. With their eyes full of regret, I could see there was a considerable amount that these two had kept from me. In my current mode, it simply pissed me off even more. 
"I'll be back. I'm taking one of the cars in the garage." Swinging open the door, Demetri and I hustled out of there, rounding the building and into the garage where the Valkyrie stored about a dozen vehicles. 
Making my selection carefully, I chose the jeep and signaled to Demetri to pile in. Mason may have several hours on us, but he was on foot, so with any luck we would find him quickly, and I could get back and tend to the matters here. 
As we climbed in, Demetri was smart to keep his trap shut. I was still fuming under the surface and anything could set me off. 
Flooring it as I pulled out of the garage, I nearly ran Axel over. Hitting the steering wheel with my palms, I yelled out my open window, "You idiot! What are you doing standing in front of the garage door like that?" 
He held his hands up. "I was coming to apologize to you when Rune told me Mason left and you were going after him." 
"Then you know I'm in a hurry, so move!" I shouted, throwing my hands in the air. 
He came around the car fast as a flash then jerked open the passenger side door to stare down Demetri, giving him a thumbing signal toward the back seat. 
Demetri grumbled, "You didn't call shotgun," and then crawled into the back.  
As soon as Axel’s rear plopped into the seat, I hit the gas, peeling out of the driveway. My brother was out there all alone in a realm that could eat him alive in seconds. If Axel wanted to talk to me, he'd have to do it while we drove. 
"I really think last night was simply a major misunderstanding. If you could—" 
I held up my hand, halting him as I took the curve ahead on two wheels. "Are you dense? Mason is missing. Do you actually believe I care about any of that? He is my brother, and right now, he is the only thing I care about. Demetri, hand me that map." Demetri quickly produced the map, sliding it into my open palm. I slammed it into Axel's chest. "Since you're here, you might as well make yourself useful and show me the quickest way to get to the highlighted road on the map." 
"Yes, yes, of course," Axel said while opening the map and orienting himself. "You’re going to take the next street on the right and stay on it for three miles then there'll be a shortcut on the left that will save you about a half-hour drive to the intersection." I glanced over at the giant yellow X he was pointing to that Demetri had highlighted on the map,  which was identical to the map he'd given Mason.
Glancing in the review mirror as I took a right turn, I noticed Demetri had drawn his legs up to his chest, wrapping his arms around his legs. My heart went out to him. Like Mason had said, he was an orphan like we were and he was living with a bunch of Valkyrie that did nothing other than pick on him day in and day out. 
"Demetri, this isn't your fault. You're a good kid. I appreciate that you've been a good friend to Mase. We'll find him." 
Demetri shrugged and put his tough guy face on. I forgot about the unwritten code between boys that said you couldn’t show emotions around each other. Dumb boys. I decided to let it go, though. 
Axel cleared his throat. "I take it the two of them concocted this hair-brained scheme to send Mason back through the tear?" 
Sighing, I said, "Mason's having a hard time adjusting to life here. He'll be fine, though; he just needs time." I wasn't exactly sure how true that statement was because the idea that he and I would be separated for the rest of our lives was too unbearable to even consider. Was that selfish of me? Yes, it was. It was Mason's life and he should be allowed to make his own decision regarding how he was going to live it. If we still had family living, then it would be a different story because I simply didn't think he could survive the foster system. I shuddered. 
"Turn there." Axel broke into my thoughts, pointing to the road coming up on my left. 
"On it!" I said, taking the turn a little too sharply, slinging Demetri across the back seat. 
"Watch it! Holy Freyja that smarts," Demetri shouted. I glanced back to see him rubbing his head. 
"Sorry, I'm a little jumpy," I said while shrugging. 
"You Valkyries, your moods shift so suddenly I have continual whiplash. I gotta get my own place," Demetri replied exasperatedly, looking a great deal older than his mere thirteen years. 
Life in this realm had you growing up faster than you could blink. Survival of the fittest, indeed. The human realm was a great deal more forgiving regarding the mistakes made by their children, even when some of those blunders could not only get them killed but also kill innocents. Here, you paid for errors and you paid dearly. 
"How much further?" I asked, barking at Axel. 
After glancing down at the map, he answered, "The tear should be located a few yards behind those hedges, next to that giant tree up ahead." 
Slamming on the brakes, I stared at him. "Seriously? I would've driven right passed it if I hadn't asked! You're no help at all!" Scoffing, I opened the door and hopped out, going around to the back to gather my things. 
I needed to be prepared. I had no idea who or what I was going to be up against. Hopefully, I’d find Mason and we'd have one of our brother/sister talks and all would be well. Somehow, I doubted that would be the case, though. Call it a gut instinct. 
After I collected my bow and quiver, I turned to see that Axel was already over at the hedges, his head tilted back; he was sampling the air. If there were any threats in the area, he'd know it. As I hurried to catch up, Demetri joined me at my side. 
Stopping short of the hedge line because I didn't want to muddy the scent trail, if that was even possible, I asked, "Well?" 
Axel's golden eyes met mine, and I instantly read the concern etched within them. "No threats, but more importantly, no Mason." 
"What! Mason is a whiz when it comes to maps and tracking. Our dad was a hunter and expert tracker for God's sake. He taught him everything he knows." I'd never once considered the fact that Mason wouldn't find the tear. As fear began crawling over me, I almost began hyperventilating. 
Axel placed his hand on my shoulder. "I didn't say he wasn't here. I said he isn't here." 
Shrugging his hand off, I took off running around the tree. In seconds, the tear was obvious. Speeding up, I ran toward the bright blurry slit ahead. Demetri and Axel were right on my heels as I came to stand directly in front of the tear. 
Demetri kneeled down, picking up something off the ground, a knife. When he handed it to me, I knew instantly that it was Mason's pocketknife. I held it up to the moonlight that was amazingly bright tonight to read the inscription on the side. To Mason, Love Mom and Dad. 
Staring into the shinny slit, I breathed, "Mason, what have you done?"
Chapter 15

"Now what?" Demetri asked, seeming both upset and proud that his friend had made it to his destination. 
"Now, I'm going to go back and find him." I began slowly stepping backwards. From everything that I had learned about tears that had happened in the past and were later mended,  I knew they repelled anything that didn’t belong. I was going to have to force my way through into the human realm now that I would be recognized as a non-human. 
"Wait!" Axel came up beside me. "I picked up traces of something else that you need to be aware of." Axel exchanged glances with Demetri, and Demetri looked away. 
"What? What are you two keeping from me?" I asked, exasperated. 
One word left Demetri's lips, "Blood." 
Followed by two words from Axel, "And Slashers."
"No, nonononono.” My stomach churned and I felt dizzy a second before I bent over and vomited lightning. Wiping my mouth, I stood up straight, squaring my shoulders and asked, "How bad?" 
Axel spoke softly, "He's alive. He was when he went through anyway." 
"Okay. Do either of you know where this tear leads to?" I hoped it was another part of the world where they hadn't experienced any loss, where Mason could receive the medical attention he needed. 
Demetri shrugged. "I told Mason the uncertainty with tears is that we've never gone through them, only repaired them as needed." Axel nodded his agreement with Demetri's explanation. Demetri sighed, "Mason said it was worth the risk." 
"Sounds like Mase." Impulsively I reached out and hugged Demetri who, after a moment, quit fighting and allowed me to continue. "Listen, I've got to go through there, but you don't. I know you feel responsible, but Mason made up his own mind to do this and probably would have figured out a way with or without you. I have no idea what time of day it is on the other side, and if it’s daytime, we may not have enough time to find a dark place for you." I released him from the hug, but kept my hand on his shoulders as I leaned down to peer into his face. I didn't have to lean down far because he was only a couple inches shorter than me. 
His face held the same defiant expression as he spoke, "It doesn't work that way in the human realm. I can walk among humans, day or night." 
His answer surprised me and I stood up, dropping my hand from his shoulders to glance up at Axel. He nodded. "He’s right. Some rogue vampires cut small slits between the realms to go feed on humans. There's probably a quite a few roaming around your old world as we speak." I was so appalled that my expression must have shown it. "Where do you think all those legends and horror stories derived from?" 
"And everyone in this realm is okay with them feeding on humans as if they were cattle?" If it had been up to me, I would put a stop to it immediately. 
Demetri went on the defense. "They’re not suppose to harm them; it’s against our law." 
I snorted, "Like that's going to stop them. They'd have to be caught first and it doesn't seem like anyone here gives a rip." Whatever, this was so beside the point and I needed to find Mason. Freyja help the vampire that came across my path. Before either one of them could say another word I took a running leap and dove into the shinny slit. 
I couldn't believe it when my body came to a sudden stop inside this Jello-like substance; I couldn't breathe. I fought like a wild cat, clawing to the surface and although it was only a few seconds, it felt more like an eternity. Gasping, I flopped onto the hard ground and began examining my surroundings. It was daylight here, the sun was shining brightly and the birds were singing loudly. It was a comforting sound. 
As two more thuds hit on either side of me as I stood to my feet, Demetri and Axel began gasping for breath as I had a second ago. While they attempted to regain their composure, I gave my body a once over, surprised to find it wasn't coated with slime. 
I heard the creaking of a chain, like something was pulling on it. No, that wasn't right. The sound brought back a not so distant memory and I knew exactly where I was. Oh, Mason. I started walking toward the sound, digging my way out of the thick, woodsy area, not caring as branches slashed my face and arms. 
"I take it you recognize where we are?" Axel whispered right at my ear as he joined me and began clearing a path for me with his claws. I nodded as we made it into the clearing to hit up against the back of a chain link fence. Sticking my fingers through the links, I stared directly onto the playground of my old elementary school, the swings being swung by the wind. 
"Yes, we're in my hometown and Mason is in major trouble. There isn't anywhere he can go for treatment. No one is here." I gave the fence a powerful nudge with my shoulder, taking the whole section down then turned to find Demetri had made his way to join us. 
"Where would Mason go?" Demetri asked as he trotted across the playground. "Can you pick up his scent, Axel?" 
"I'm trying. I know he was here, but this place is loaded with scents from a plethora of humans around his age.”  
Shaking my head, I informed them, "It doesn't matter. I know exactly where he is." 
As we rounded the school I took off at full speed toward the center of town, leaping over an old car and then taking Harris Street. Neither Axel nor Demetri had a difficult time keeping up with me and I was glad because I had no intention of stopping to wait for anyone. 
I felt sick the closer I got to my house. What if I was wrong and Mason had gone somewhere else, like our grandparents’ house? No, he would go home. When Mase was sick or hurt, he always wanted Mom. He had to be there. As I took the steps two at a time, I spotted blood on the front door and I freaked. 
"Mason!" I shouted as I hurried up the stairs and down the hall to his room. Tears began flowing down my cheeks as I entered his bedroom. 
He was lying on top of the blankets, clutching a framed print of our family. Hurrying to his side, I quickly noticed that his shirt was soaked in blood. I tore it down the front to get a look at his wound, nearly throwing up when I saw that giant gash across his midsection. 
I dropped to my knees. "It's going to be okay, Mase. I'm here now." I smoothed his hair off his forehead and his eyes fluttered.
"Kylie," he mumbled weakly, his mouth turning up a little as he attempted to smile. 
Axel peered at the wound over my shoulder, his eyes saddened, then shook his head at me. 
"NO," I breathed. I couldn't lose my brother, not this way. 
Mason's eyes opened to look at me. His face was unbelievably pale from the blood loss. I was surprised he had made it all this way in his condition. I suppose it was the adrenaline that had allowed him to keep going. "It's okay. I'm home now. I'm going to be with Mom and Dad." A tear leaked from his left eye and trickled down his cheek. "You have a new family now; you're going to be fine." He took a ragged breath. "This is how it should be. I love you, Kylie. You're the best sister any guy could ever have." 
Laying my head on his shoulder, I balled like a baby. No, this can't happen! Something I'd read in the book Rune had given me was that the legend that vampire's could turn humans was accurate.  
"Demetri!" I called out. He was at my side before I finished saying his name. My eyes met his. "If you change him, will he stay frozen at this age forever?" 
"No, that only happens if he remains in the human realm, if he comes back with us, he'll grow and age like any other vampire," he answered me, but his eyes looked leery. 
"Do it!" I commanded.
"No. Don't do it, D," Mason managed to croak out then lost consciousness. 
"He doesn't want that, Kylie," Demetri warned.
I stood with my hands fisted by my side as I considered what Demetri had said and what Mason obviously didn't want. Axel placed his arm around me. "If you do this, he may hate you forever. And forever is a long time for us supes." 
Mason stopped breathing. I screeched and made the decision. "Do it now! Or your hide is mine!" I glared at Demetri, letting him know I wasn't joking. 
"Fine, but this is on you, Kylie." It was the first time Demetri looked at me with a hateful expression. His fangs elongated and he bit his wrist then put it to Mason's lips, forcing the blood down his throat. He then removed his wrist a moment later and stepped back. 
"Now what?" I asked through blurry vision. 
"We wait." He slumped against the closet door. 
I went back to Mase's side, taking his hand in mine and kissing it. Yes, he would probably be pissed at first, but he'd get over it eventually. Plus, he'd be alive to be pissed. I'd rather have a live brother that hated me than a dead one that loved me.
Chapter 16

"What about his first feed? There aren't any people here," Axel broke the silence half an hour later. 
I turned from my position at Mason's bedside. First feed? I suppose I hadn't thought this through. I'd never even considered that he'd need to feed on blood, human blood. 
"We'll have to find someone soon. He'll be ravenous when he wakes," Demetri said as if it were no big deal. "He'll need a mentor, Kylie. It isn't easy for a young vampire to control his bloodlust. I'll help him all that I can, but he needs an older vampire to train him how to feed without killing." I swallowed hard. No, I hadn't thought this through at all. 
I wiped my forehead. "Okay, okay. The next town is about thirty miles north of here and according to the map, that town wasn't affected at all by the tear, so that's where we need to go. Now, before he wakes." Mason's stomach had already knitted back together, a side effect from the vamp blood he'd ingested. 
I lifted him over my shoulder. I would be able to move faster carrying him this way. 
"I can carry him, Kylie," Axel offered.
Shaking my head, I told him, "No, he's my brother and my responsibility now. When he wakes, he’s going to be rearing for a fight. He can take it out on me." 
***
The sun was beginning to set when we broached the outskirts of the town. It was a lot larger than where I’d grown up, but I was still fairly familiar with the area. Every Christmas, we came to the mall located in this town to do our shopping and had lunch at a local diner that served the best chili ever. Mason wasn't a fan of the shopping, but he always came along just for the chili. A pang of sadness came over me as I realized that he would never eat any of his favorite foods again. He would never walk in the sun again, but he would still be walking and not turning to dust in the ground. 
I made the right decision, I reassured myself then sat Mason down by the side of a deep ditch next to the road leading into town.  
"How do we do this?" I asked Demetri. I needed him now more than I had ever needed anyone in my life. Without his help, I didn’t know what I'd do, or how I would care for Mason. 
No sooner had I asked the question than Mason began to stir and an odd growling sound emitted from his lips. He sounded nothing like the old Mase. We all three stood, staring at each other. 
Demetri sighed, "I can attract someone." He began tearing his shirt then bit his wrist, smearing blood all over his ruined shirt. "Wait here and stay out of sight." 
When he crept up to the hill and laid himself out on the side of the road, Axel and I went back down to where we'd left Mason. Being that the sun had almost set, we were well hidden from sight at this distance. 
Shocking me, several cars flew right on past Demetri without even a glance at him until, finally, a car stopped and a young woman got out with her cell phone to check on Demetri. 
Faster than you can blink, Demetri was up and had her face in his hands. I knew he was using glamour to convince her everything was fine. Glamour was a hypnotic technique that vampires used to calm and convince humans and lesser supes to feed on them. Once we had her wrapped in the glamour, he sent her down to where we were and got into her car, carefully pulling it off the road, turning on the hazard lights before he went to lift the hood. Whoa, this kid is good. 
The moment she got a few feet from him, Mason launched to his feet. His eyes were bright red, his fangs out and he looked scarier than anything I'd ever seen in my life. I sucked in a breath. 
"Restrain him!" Demetri shouted, running down the hill, but Axel was already on the task before he'd been instructed to. He'd gotten behind Mason, pinning his arms behind his back. Mason was fighting with all his might, snapping his jaws, although, thankfully, he couldn't turn around far enough to reach Axel. 
Demetri stopped the girl’s advance and glared at me. "He's still your brother, Kylie. He just hasn't adjusted to his new life yet. Talk to him." 
Shaking myself out of the shock at seeing my brother behaving like a rabid animal, I slowly approached him. "Mase. Hey, it’s me." He lunged for me, but couldn't get out of Axel’s hold. I swallowed hard. "We're not far from the Crawdad Diner where they have that great chili you love so much. It won't be long before the mall will be decorated for the holidays." I laughed softly. "Remember the Santa Claus they had last Christmas? He was so drunk he fell asleep with that little kid on his lap. Dad had a fit, calling security and making a scene." Mason's eyes began to clear of the red and he settled down, focusing on my voice, so I kept talking. "That was the year you got your first shotgun. Remember how excited you were? Dad took you hunting with it during duck season and—" 
"Kylie," he cut me off. 
"Yes, Mase, it’s me." I ran and hugged him, tears flowing down my face, however Axel still didn't release him. "I'm so glad you're okay. I was so worried." 
"Kylie, am I dead?" 
I stepped back, wiping my face. "No, Mase, you're not dead. You're just fine. Everything is going to be all right now." I smiled confidently at him.
Mason began to panic, looking around and down at his chest that was currently bare, but healed from the wound. "You didn't." Mason glared at me.
"I had to; you were dying. I couldn't lose you, too," I pleaded with him to forgive me. 
Demetri stepped up next, holding the girl by the arm. "You have to feed now, Mason. You can be angry all you want, but if you don't learn to feed, you'll end up killing people when your hunger gets out of control." 
"Feed! I don't want to drink blood! That's sick! How could you do this to me, Kylie? I wanted to be human, to die with Mom and Dad." With those words, I turned away. I didn't know how to respond. 
As a growl left his lips, I knew Demetri must have approached him with the girl. "We aren't going to hurt her. You're going to take a few pulls from her vein and then release it, got it?" Demetri sounded years older and extremely firm.
"No, you don't get off that easily, Kylie. You watch what you've turned me into." I turned to see my brother staring at me, eyes filled with vehemence. 
When Demetri bit the girl's wrist, she never even winced. He then placed it to my brother’s lips. 
"I hate you," he growled at me. Then he bit. 
***
We were on our way back to the tear. Mason had almost refused to come with us until Demetri explained that without help he would go on a killing spree due to his intense hunger. He also explained that, if he did that, the rogues would hunt him down and torture him for exposing them to the human realm. 
He still hadn't spoken to me since his I hate you declaration, but that was okay by me. Like I said, at least he was alive to hate me. He’d been angry with me before, not speaking to me for days because of it, but he always came around. This would be the same. I hope. 
The entire journey back to the tear, Axel kept glancing at me to see how I was holding up. I kept on going, my head lifted high. No one said anything until we arrived at the playground and were stepping through the fence I'd torn down earlier. 
"I'll go through first and see if it's still dark on the other side. Time is slower on our side, so I'm sure we'll be okay, but we should be on the safe side," Axel informed our group. He took my hand. "You going to be okay?" I nodded. "Okay, I'll be back in a second." He then gave my hand a squeeze and leapt through the slit. 
While we waited, I kept glancing back at Mason who refused to acknowledge me. He merely continued to stare off with his hands in his pockets. Demetri was giving him his space, and from the looks I was getting from him, he was no longer a fan of mine, either. 
A moment later, Axel came back through, giving us the okay sign before disappearing back into the slit. The three of us followed him to the other side, and headed toward the jeep. With everything that had occurred in such a short amount of time, we were so preoccupied that none of us even realized we were being surrounded until it was too late.
Chapter 17

The ground heated up and a ring of fire blazed, forming a circle around us. Rage demons! 
I loaded an arrow, instantly firing, already loading another arrow and letting it fly, taking out two of the demons. They weren't dead, but wounded enough for us to make a break toward the jeep. 
Axel threw a blade, lodging it into another demon’s head. Again, not a fatal strike, but it gave us time. 
"Run!" I shouted, letting another arrow fly. There was no way I was getting out of this unscathed, but if I could get Mason and Demetri out alive, that was good enough. 
As we got up to the Jeep, suddenly all the demons simply fell back, completely halting their advance on us. I turned to see if Mason had made it, but he hadn't and I screeched at the sight of him clutched by the neck by a demon. He was the leader, which was obvious by the others’ subservience to him. They were all waiting, watching him to receive orders on how to proceed. 
"Hello, Kylie," the demon said as he came toward me. Glancing around quickly, I could see the others had been captured as well. I was infuriated. "How enterprising you are, turning your brother into an immortal in the hopes of keeping him alive; a calculated move indeed." He smiled, showing a set of sharp, pointy teeth. 
As I stood three feet from the demon who was glowing with rage, his body was that of simmering flames, I could see the burn marks on Mason's neck. I tried to remain calm and cool. 
"What shall I do with this young vampire?" he baited me, watching me closely as he said, "Shall I sever his neck?" His hands heated up and Mason screamed an awful sound. 
In that instant, rage filled me. I wanted to kill this demon slowly and without mercy. My blood heated up hotter than it ever had and all calmness left me. I had no concern for myself as I launched into the air, baring teeth and claws, ready to tear this demon limb from limb. The demon moved back and out of the way as I went sprawling across the dirt and leapt back to my feet, whirling around to find him glaring down at me. 
"Look at yourself, Kylie!" The unexpected words fell from his lips as he released my brother and Mason ran toward the vehicle. "Leave us! All of you, lest you die here this night," the demon roared. 
The anger in me was still boiling over. I couldn’t calm myself, even after he had let my brother and the others go free. I vaguely heard them drive away as I launched myself at him once more, missing again. 
"Kylie," the demon scolded, "rein it back in." I wasn't registering words, though; I only felt fury and desire to shed blood—this rage demons blood—as I buried my knife into his heart.
"Kylie, listen to me." I turned to see the demon was no longer glowing with fire. He was a normal looking, rather large man that stood at about six-foot-six and had a huge frame. He had burnt auburn hair and blue eyes; he was not at all what you'd picture when you thought of a rage demon. "Look at your arms." Stunned by his change in appearance, I did as he instructed. 
"Oh. My. God," I breathed as I took in the sight of my arms glowing with the same raging fire that he’d possessed. "What the heck!" I stared up at him, panting and frightened. 
"Push it back down. It's that simple. Take control of it," he said, taking several steps toward me very slowly. He was trying not to spook me; that I got loud and clear. 
I fought hard for control. When I finally achieving the desired result, my skin looked completely normal again. “How—how is this possible? I'm a Valkyrie, not a rage demon," I stuttered, shaking my head and stepping backwards away from him.
"You are part Valkyrie, but you are also part rage demon. Kylie," he said very slowly, "I'm your father." 
"No, no, that's not true." 
"It is, my dear. Your mother and I were madly in love. I mourn her still." He stood still. "You belong to me just as much as you belong to the Valkyries; maybe even more so, seeing as I'm your father and I'm living." 
I covered my ears like a three-year-old. I didn't want to hear anymore. My mother was in love with him? Perhaps, but she had been no lover of rage demons. She had shrunken heads of all the demons she'd killed. 
No, I had to get back to Valhalla and find out the truth. I turned and took off running faster than I had since the awakening. I never looked back, even though I knew he'd let me go and wasn't in pursuit. He could have kept me against my will if he’d wanted to. Although my life had taken yet another turn in Weirdville, I would find the answers. 
I would figure out who and what I really was. I would make things okay with my brother and forgive Axel for being a complete jerk last night; he had more than redeemed himself today. I was going to pin down Rune, Rota, Bryn and Geira to make them tell me the truth about my birth. Then, everything would be fine. 
It had to be. It just had to be. 

