Stang! Alien Princess
by ipam
Smashwords Edition Copyright 2013 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Citizens of the unknown universe
Ann, Lady of Bonita
Bartholomew, Baron of Agri
Bea, Countess of Ice
Dee, Marquise of Resort
Dirk, Lord of Bonita
Dov, Count of Ice
Ira, General of Militia
Ito, Priest of Bio
Ivy, Baronetess of Agri
Jo, Governess of Uni
Jon, Governor of Uni
Lad, Viscount of Tech
Las, Priestess of Bio
Mar, Generalette of Militia
Rann, Prince of Sahara
Rex, King of Commerce
Rita, Queen of Commerce
Rosa, Lady of Bonita
Roy, Marquis of Resort
Tok, Marquis of Resort
Tom, Major of Militia
Ty, Administrator of Sahara
Viv, Princess of Sahara
Zak, Baronet of Agri

Planets
Agri, planet of food and livestock, “Food World”
Bio, planet of medical facilities
Bonita, planet of land
Commerce, planet of Royal family and the “Game”
Earth, planet of Earthlings, Milky Way Galaxy
Ice, planet of snow and ice
Militia, space station of honor guards, pilots, police
Resort, planet of casinos and entertainment center
Sahara, planet of prisoners, “Prison Planet”
Tech, planet of technology, “Tech World”
Uni, planet of school
Wall, divider between the two solar suns

Bots
Abot, agricultural robot
Bbot, biological robot
Cbot, conqueror robot
Dbot, door robot
Ebot, evacuation robot
Fbot, football robot
Gbot, guard robot
Hbot, housekeeping robot
Ibot, inn robot
Jbot, jury robot
Kbot, kitchen robot
Lbot, lady robot
Mbot, messenger robot
Nbot, news robot
Obot, orchestra robot
Pbot, pilot robot
Qbot, etiquette robot
Rbot, repair robot
Sbot, service robot
Tbot, testing robot
Ubot, “U better not run” robot
Vbot, love robot
Xbot, excavation robot
Ybot, yard robot
Zbot, zipper robot

Prologue. I sit, numbingly in my assigned seat and blind, purposefully with my eyelashes closed not moving, not thinking, and not praying. Since, I feel alive and thankful for the survival.
I un-belt the cockpit seat’s restraints, opening eyelashes and popping off my space suit helmet then I leap, kitten-like from the chair seeing half of a pilot’s chair. I’m fully intact along with my long wavy gray hair as I lean my freckles into the console instrument panel, studying the rough terrain. I sigh with surprise.
I see mountains on the left and a series of dead but slightly alive green trees, bushes, and foliage on the right with a dry crooked narrow vehicle path in the middle of a dead brown planet as my Tele sense ping. Everything is fine.
I gallop a body outside the space shuttle archway then leap, T-rex to the ground and point a face at the hidden object. I whisper for eardrums, only, “A structure that’s thirteen miles northeast of my position.”
I lovingly scan a bright yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky then eye burn the smooth brown soil. I blink wet tears and recall vividly meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces having traveled both space and time…here…seven times.
“I’m back….as the alien,” talking and shaking gray bangs into eyelashes.

Day 137. unknown universe. unknown planet. front porch. warehouse. rain. no lightning. 100% precipitation. afternoon. I jog steady on three-inched high heel black fashion boots in a continuous light drizzle of annoying rain drops from an abandoned but, now, zillion-exploded-jiggle-saw-puzzle-pieced, once the ancient Earth space shuttle towards an fugly ugly brown building as I breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out. The building talls at eighteen stories like a fashion model. Ya know, without curves but with windows as I breathe in, breathe out. Well, this tall building has got no extended structural branches or wings. It goes straight up and down in a sky high vertical rectangle with the rain drops gleaming on the colorful flowers and green vines covering the beastie.
But, the brown beastie looks great to acute eyeballs for hiding out, alone and kitty-cat scared within a native planet as an alien from Planet Earth as I snort like a wild-ass boar. I leap, kitten-like upon the first brick step then cat-jump over the next three steps (yeah, baby) on the edge of a front wooden porch covered in wet and sticky muddy brown sandy soil. The building has a set of clean windows and a brand new shiny front door. Too bad!
I hike a right kneecap even with my waist then T-knock with Telekinesis the snot out of a new wooden door as an array of small splinters attack a torso, when I slap a T-shield over my precious golden skin and non-matching delicate internal pink organs. Larger and smaller wood chunks from damaged door scatter like a batch of funky looking little mice in the air waves, on the front porch, and over a clean floor inside the warehouse as I snort like a wild boar.
I elegantly stand like a lady and studiously stare with eyeballs at a golden-plated door knob still lovingly attached to part of a wrecked door while leaning a torso towards the broken wood. I swiftly grab the metal with a right hand, since I am right-handed. That is the dominate side of my petite body. Then, eardrums beautifully hear soft then loud musical singing notes, without a physical choir, ya’ll. Then, gray irises sees small the medium then large then small then medium then large colored wiggling lines, vertical then horizontal and finally, sideways. Like a thief has stolen and emptied the entire crayon box from a First Grader. The music and colors go wildly funky within brain cells, ya’ll. This is a metaphysical trip, not a physical ride on a hay wagon. Next, I vividly flashback to the present.
I am Starra Starbuck, five feet, one inch, weighs 95 pounds, one ounce with waist-length silver wavy hair, a triangle face, small gray pupils, a button nose, two apple cheekbones, and a cute cliff chin all wrapping in an exterior layer of golden tawny skin. I decorate with lots of golden brownish freckles on a 17-year-old body frame, being a Farm Administrator on Planet Earth, first. Then, I am drafted by United Earth Government Official Peter Martin as a silly Tele-astronaut, second. 
I stupidly travel the first Intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet, within a new galaxy by using all my awesome Tele-paranormal gifts, Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance. Next, I seriously survive, alone, as an alien.
Time warped alien line #1, I am Lady Starra.
Time warped alien line #2, I am Commander Starra.
Time warped alien line #3, I am Bodyguard Starra.
Time warped alien line #4, I am Waitress Starra.
Time warped alien line #5, I am Warrior Starra.
Time warped alien line #6, I am Prisoner Starra.
Time warped alien line #7, I am…Alien Starra.
“Stang!” I sing in piccolo music remembering my favored word from the various past one, two, three, four, five, and six time warped alien lines, when something really miffs me off. But, I don’t really know the meaning of the favored word. However, I use it at the most awkward time while blinking eyelashes once, twice then thrice at a fat fugly ugly Female. The fat fugly ugly Female stands right in front of me, dressed in a wet smelly wrinkled blue uniform with a pretty yellow crinkly sash. She direct points a slick black ‘kill ya dead’ dangerous maser, a weapon into my pretty sweaty kitty-cat scared freckled face. I sigh with confusion, ya’ll.
“Get her!” A fat fugly ugly Male stands to my left side in an ironed and pressed blue uniform with a pretty yellow sash, not wet from the rain drops and yells in tenor while direct pointing a fat arm and a fatter index finger in my direction. I swing a wet body to the right for a grand escape along with a distorted face to see fifteen…(yeah, I counted)…wet and smelly Militia soldiers defending their honor with their raised masers, all targeted at little old innocent alone and wet doggie smelly me. I raise both arms, bending pointy elbows like a bank-robbed customer, smiling like a silly toddler for Mama to give me another chocolate cookie before supper. I sigh with surrender.
The fat fugly ugly Female nervously triggers a fatter index finger at a single button on a maser as I T-view with Teleclairvoyance the terrible outcome for me. I rebel yell like a Bama redneck for both protection and surrender, “Noooo,” since I cannot resist a blue beam of a stun maser with a T-shield or tiny foot steps. My T-powers do not work against a single subtle colorful electric blue microwave absorbing, too quickly into my petiteness then throughout outer golden skin, and then into many active nerves, and white bluish veins. Ting! Ting! Ting!
The fat fugly ugly Female burns a blue ray right into a right leg as both legs quickly eat the blue beam into nothingness. I become immediately paralyzed from my waist down to my pink-painted toe nails while stumbling like a rodeo clown for pain into a hard tile floor on kneecaps like a broken Number #2 lead pencil. Then without mercy and without my T-powers, the fat fugly ugly Female yells for all eardrums, “She’s still conscious.”
“Blast her, again…,” orders the fat fugly ugly Male as an array of second bright blue beams hit my chest cavity. When my eyesight becomes dizzy with little tiny cute blue round dots surrounding eyeballs, then the little cute blue dots surround the floor, then the ceiling, and the gray walls as a great big blue dot, representing the fat ugly Female. She stomps her shiny blue military boots to me, then I mentally demand action to my attached limbs within my active brain cells. I order my petiteness to move, jump or run, but my mind isn’t responding, very well to the urgent call of stress or distress or trouble or capture, ya’ll. Then I see a row of blue dots surround me, fainting with closed eyelashes into total darkness.
planet Commerce. Empress Rita’s castle. throne room. black clouds. no sun. T-storms. 100% precipitation. evening. A pair of heavy black metal circular chains pinch on wrists, cutting like a pair of sharp razors into my delicate soft skin, while I see tiny spurts of precious red blood jump like cat fleas over a purple tile floor. I flash back mentally into a fifth time line, where Dirk was King of the Universe. We greatly parted on very baddie bad social terms.
Hungry, exhaustion, and coldness, the words mentally echo between brain cells, since the inner guts of the familiar Royal castle looks cold, dark, and wet as my precious body is dragged like a newly dead corpse over smooth tile flooring. A right fashion boot slimily squashes something really hard then soft. Yuck-o!
I scan eyeballs at an unfamiliar hallway, since I stroll in another part of the old Royal castle, wishing Dirk to be more compassion and understanding in my personal stay inside a seventh new time line. The number seven is lucky.
I mentally flashback into the sixth time line, when I tried to stab and kill King Dirk, but failed, then I was stabbed in the gut by Viscountess Rita. And Prince Rann was taken prisoner.
“Ouch!” I sing in piccolo music as the Guard uprights my slouched petiteness then violently shoves me ahead on booted feet, while the tip of the hard club in a left hand acts like a steak knife, stabbing the center tenderness of my back muscles. I sigh with pain.
“Move!” The Female Militia Guard-not-nice-person is really mean, violently pushing me ahead towards a vertical line of breathing native citizens, since I am an alien from Planet Earth. I see boot heels, no facial features of tears or fears that I’m experiencing, just temporarily.
“Binders…,” singing in flute music as she stabs a curved back muscle with the hard club for the fifteenth time….(yeah, I counted).
“Quiet!” She shouts behind a right earlobe. I sigh with revenge.
I’ll get you, later, after I bathe, eat, pee, and find a job, closing the wide foot gap with my big steps from my small feet to a dirty T-shirt of the trapped un-lucky citizen in front of me. I T-scan with Telepathy while seeing a straight line containing fifteen citizens. That number fifteen keeps popping up, so does it mean, something, special, secret or stupid.
The fifteen citizens bind ropes around waists, ahead of me. I hope they got my correct prison number, giggling with a girly twang, since I still possess my Earth humor, even if I’m an alien prisoner, again. I sign with repeat.
Royal throne room. “You are my captured prisoners. You have one choice, join my service.” The alto clarinet of Rita shouts with craziness, again, since I’ve personally experienced Dirk’s ugly rudeness coupled with his nasty meanness, plus Rita as his sidekick-in-training. I gingerly lean curls left then T-view with Teleclairvoyance that face, verifying that alto timber.
I see pretty tall slim model-like Rita sitting inside an oversized golden Throne Chair with a red big Ruby tiara planted on shiny blonde hair and a red long fluffy dress covers neck to ankle bones, too vile, too evil, and too unbelievable. Dum. Dum. Dum. Do. Viscountess Rita is the freaking “Queen of the Universe.” I sigh with disaster.
I hear, not desiring too, from her, “If you want to leave my Royal Army. Go ahead!...(points at door)….The door’s that way.” Rita stays a sharp red-painted manicured index finger at the visual door as one fool prisoner jumps, kitten-like from the horizontal line. The fool-prisoner gracefully swings a body around the Guards and quickly hustles a bee_hind towards a side exit door. Man, I admire her guts and I greatly desire to leave, also. But I have a job, killing off Dirk as my Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
Bang! I jump, kitten-like in both fright and fear from a loud ear-popping noise and cannot believe pupils or neurons while looking at a dead female. She lies six feet from a side door while Rita has killed in cold blood by shooting the fool-prisoner in the rear back muscles. The poor female was fleeing the building with Rita’s queenly permission, I might add. I sigh with danger.
“Anymore, deserters,” Rita doesn’t smile but kindly asks in alto as silence lingers in the big room for 1 second…2 seconds. “Very good,” she smiles sweetly and then finger points a sharp red-painted manicured index finger at the first citizen in the line. Ya know, where I stand with two waists cuffed, shaky on nervous bony kneecap and Rita yells, “You!” I sigh with doom.
I’m going to die well…this time line will be short and sweet, snorting like a wild boar as the Guard forcefully pushes the citizen forward on boot heels right in front of pissed off Rita. “You are an accused traitor of her Royal Highness, Empress Rita.” The smiling Captain of a Royal Honor Guard Unit proudly announces in tenor music to an almost empty ball room. Since there’s only the line of folks, like me. I sigh with death. 
“What’s the crime?” Rita asks while directly staring into the woman’s eyeballs.
“Stealing,” The Captain announces as I cringe with both facial and mentally. Since this is not Planet Earth, there aren’t twelve jury members, four sleazy lawyers, and one single honest judge. This is Planet Commence and the law in the universe, ruled by Queen Rita, making her, the judge, jury, and executioner. I sigh with more death.
The female Citizen shakes a skull side to side and cries wet hot tears from eye sockets, since she’s scared. Rita is beginning to really annoy me by terrorizing her own citizens as Rita inquires with meanness, smiling at the female, “What do you say for yourself, honey?” I sigh with revenge.
“Hungry!” Female says between sobs and tears.
“Hungry?” Rita repeats the single word as silence lingers for…1 second…2 seconds, “Your punishment is death.” She swiftly declares then quickly aims a black maser shooting a deadly red wave into the Female’s heart organ. The Female melts like candle wax into the floor like a pile of pink putty. Yuck-o!
“You,” she finger points at the next Male citizen in line as I tug and struggle with the binders for fun annoyance to the Guard. Then the Guard hits my tender back pocket with the steak knife…naw…hard club.
“You are an accused traitor of her Royal Highness, Empress Rita.” The Captain repeats the unpopular phrase. I sigh with repetition.
 “What’s the crime?” Rita asks, staring into his eyeballs.
“Lying,” Captain tattles.
“What do you say for yourself?” Rita asks.
“I need currs.” Male says.
“Currs?” Rita repeats as silence lingers for…not long enough, “Your punishment is death.” Then The Captain grabs the Male’s left forearm pulling the Male away from Rita and the line of Citizens as she quickly aims and swiftly fires a maser single shot of red, without mercy. The male melts along the basketball goal line into a second pile of pink putty. I sigh with more repetition.
“Stang,” singing in flute music then comment softly. “She’s malicious, today.”
“Just a little…,” the old man behind me giggles with nervous energy. I sigh with deep doom.
Rita viciously aims and violently kills as I mentally math count. Fifteen minus two equals thirteen. Rita kills in cold murder the other thirteen Citizens ahead of me.
“You…” she finger points at the next citizen in line. Me! I find my boot toes doesn’t move, and I’m going to die. This sucks! The Guard violently shoves me with the steak knife towards Rita.
“You are an accused traitor of her Royal Highness, Empress Rita.” The Captain proudly announces while smiling at me.
“What’s the crime?” Rita asks with kitty-cat curiosity while eye burning my pretty non-smiling but slightly miffed freckled face.
“Trespassing,” the Captain rat-tattles on me while bobbing a skull up and down like a pseudo prince of the people. I sigh with death.
Rita rotates a swan neck along with roaming eyelashes from my grayish-silver dirty hair roots to my scruffy boot toes as I hold my breathe and don’t blink one eyelash for the kill shot. Rita softly calls in alto, “Where?”
“On Lord Dirk’s planet world of Bonita,” the Captain words honestly while bobbing a skull up and down with his proud find and captured pray. So, Dirk is here, somewhere, and is missing all the fun and games with meanie Rita as I snort like a wild boar, even chicken shit Dirk finds Rita’s royal antics, too bloody gross.
“What do you say for yourself, Prisoner?” Rita asks me while scanning the Captain of her Royal Guard Unit, instead of me, frowning. The Captain smiles and bobs a skull like a farm turkey without the strutting of legs.
“Live there!” I fun amuse then slightly grin like a silly clown, without good teeth, since I do possess a sense of Earth humor, facing an alien death. Rita studiously stares a set of invisible fire balls…(yeah, I feel them)… at me with piercing blue eyes. Man, she is doing some kind of heavy mental thinking about me, since I cannot call upon my T-powers. Because, my selfie emotions are too jumbled, since death always frightens me into a mental state of both terror and silence.
Rita turns a button nose back to the Captain and inquires with kitty-cat curiosity, “Why did you arrest a true Citizen of Bonita?” The Captain stops grinning and presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips then stares at my pretty stunned face and.
He elegantly stutters in tenor, “Uh! I cannot explain,” confessing the wrong statement.
“You’re stupid.” Rita spits rusty nails and swiftly judges, “Punishment by death.” She purrs and aims a maser while shooting a deadly red wave at the Captain of her Royal Honor Guard Unit. The Captain stands on the left side of her oversized Throne Chair as the Captain swiftly melts onto the tile flooring like a burnt yellow rubber duckie. Yuck-o!
Rita looks at me and strangely announces with a slick smile, “You’re a loyal Citizen of Empress Rita.” I’m completely stunned into total silence while eye-witnessing that violent gross kill-act then snail-like realize that she has just complimented me. I sigh with life.
“Yes, always, absolutely Your Royal Highness, Empress Rita.” I staccato in piccolo all the known and available royal titles, bobbing my curls up and down like a farm pony. I sigh with intrigue.
“You’ll be tested for duty in my Royal service.” Rita grins and giggles, waving a right hand at one of the other Royal Guards to advance into her eyesight.
“Yes, always, absolutely Your Royal Highness, Empress Rita.” I repeat my devoted statement, so I can live, ya’ll. I sigh with duty.
Royal Kitchen. I’m escorted by a nice young Male of the Royal Guard Unit, wearing a pair of round eyeglasses on an ironed and pressed blue uniform with a yellow sash, into a smelly stomach retching Kitchen, located on the first floor. The Guard announces in baritone, “This female is to be tested as a Cook in the service of Empress Rita.”
“Yes, sir!” Kitchen Servant bobs a skull then orders to me, “Stir this!” I pad on boot toes to a black ugly pot and then lean over a face over the hot fire while scanning with eyeballs. Oatmeal. I almost hurl a pretty batch of green puke inside the black pot then nosily gag and turn a face to the left side away from the oatmeal. I cover lips with a right hand, since there must a reason that I don’t like the sight and smell of cooked oatmeal. I back step from the black pot noting with eyeballs that all the Kitchen Servants leave the Cooking Room. I look down at a yellow wooden big spoon inside the beige boiling hot oatmeal.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Then, I open eyelashes to contain a puke green vomit reaction arching up into an esophagus upon a pink tongue and gingerly touch with an index finger and a thumb pad on the wood then snail-like move the big ugly spoon around the hot pot of oatmeal. I sigh with confusion.
I stand a math measurement ten inches from a hot black kettle pot while studiously staring with eyeballs and narrowed eyelashes using my T-scan of Telepathy at the tall and wide brightly lighted open glass windows. I enjoy viewing an invisible breeze gently blowing the green leaves around the tall brown trees and see many colored birds soaring in a clear blue sky, and pretend to feel a bright yellow sun warming the pretty pastel flowers and green plants inside the Royal Gardens. I sigh with daydreaming.
I flash back, mentally into a third time line when Dirk explained that I am the catalyst that caused the galaxy to turn upside down, until I’m sent back to Planet Earth going back through the wormhole. That outer space trip will correct the original time line and fix the universe. I flash present mentally that Dirk has tried and failed a previous six times to return me back into the pretty blue, red, and yellow swirling wormhole, while I end up creating a new time line, currently seven.
“What are you doing?” The meanie Kitchen Servant violently yells in a right eardrum while spitting mouth salvia in my dirty hair.
“Uh…stirring…,” I honestly lie while really daydreaming of Rann. I wonder where Rann is, since he usually finds and rescues me, giggling with a girly twang.
“Stirring or staring..,” the meanie Kitchen Servant is a smart-ass as I chuckle like a silly clown at my or her mistake. I might just that get punished by death or sent to the Castel Tower for hanging by my neck muscles, again. I sigh with not fear.
The Kitchen Servant tosses both fat arms in the air then slaps both fat legs, singing in clarinet music, “Burnt.” She shoves my petiteness away from the black pot, examining the dark brown oatmeal. “The oatmeal’s burned. I have to feed 200 people in ten minutes. What am I going to do?”
I shake curls side to side with no answer and big apologize. “I sorry,” The Kitchen Servant swiftly turns a body to the Royal Guard with eyeglasses and finger points out of the archway.
“Get her, out of here! Before, I burn her with a maser.” She screams like a red-tailed hawk as the Guard pulls my right forearm towards the door into a lighted hallway. We hear her rebel yell about her oatmeal, swiftly walking towards the elevator.
“Next?” The Guard smart-asses without looking at me then we both step into the elevator carriage and stops on a third floor.
Royal Dining Room. I flash back mentally into a fourth time line when I did the “waitress” thing. I flash present that I really don’t want to repeat it, again.
The Guard gently shoves my right collar bone towards a queen-sized woman in the old patched brown dress with graying red hair as she swiftly identifies my new role within the Dining room, “Ya a waitress. Ya will wait on tables in the private dining room for your service to Empress Rita.” I follow her into the Dining Room dressed in my wet and smelly black jumpsuit and dirty black fashion boots. There are three purple tables lining the room in a vertical pattern as she finger points at the stool. I sit like a trained Woof puppy. She explains to the waiter robot. “Wbot, this is the new hostess for the Bar.”
Patrons quickly fill empty tables and rudely yell for food service as one of the larger Male shouts with a healthy set of lungs at me, “Hey, you! Bring us drink, cutie!” Wbot pours a brown liquid in three mugs.
“Okay, if you insist, ssssir…,” hissing ‘s’ like a slippery snake, lifting, and toting a heavy tray of tall beverages of ale. I place one glass in front of each guy. I sigh with boredom.
I believe that I’m ready to be tested for something, new and different. Since, I greatly desire not to be a waitress, anymore. My earlobes doesn’t like the shouting from the rude mean Citizens, so I dance on fashion boots over to each table with more glasses of brew. Then my feet began to ache in the tall knee-high leather boots. I snigger like a sly weasel.
I purposefully slip on that invisible wet spot in the middle of the wood floor as a tray of tall cold wet glasses of brew falls directly upon a few crowned skulls of Rita’s so-called Citizens, making them wet, whining, and unhappy. Poor things!
“Do you require a towel, love?” I grin and giggle when the nice Guard violently jerks me from an angry mod of Citizens.
He smart-asses, chuckling like a farm turkey, “Next.” We swiftly pad and enter the open elevator carriage for our clean getaway from hell.
Sanctuary. Sixth floor. I exit the elevator carriage on a right boot then stop a left foot standing like a solider. I studiously stare with dancing eyeballs and a smile at the Guard. He swings a face to the right leading down a long dark hall to darker rooms as I promise in fluttering flute, grinning with mischief. “I promise. I will try to really harder on my next job assignment.” I sigh with fear.
“Sanctuary!” The Guard words in mystery as I get to work with Ira from the Militia, again. Since, Ira hates me and I hate Ira, especially when he really yells at my irrational behavior. I sigh with disappointment.
I follow my master…naw…my guard into a dark black room with no windows, one door, and no occupants. I focus eyeballs adjusting to a dim lighted enclosed windowless room on the sixth floor of the Royal castle. Then I see a ghost? A monster? A very old small female slightly lifts a sharp chin from a lighted desk, possessing a ghostly white complexion with gray hair falling down a crooked back spine. She viciously concentrates a face, two eyeballs, and no neurons on something in front of her breasts and.
“What?” She smart-asses as I giggle lightly from her cool senior attitude without looking eyeballs at the Guard or me.
“I bring help.” The Guard softly words in baritone as the female swings a wrinkled face then eyes me up and down like art work.
“About time,” she complains and finger points to an empty chair as I glance around the dark and empty room. I’m the only one standing in the dark room while the Guard walks and poses his tallness and eyeglasses in the middle of the door’s archway with a drawn maser like a true battle warrior. I sigh with curiosity.
I plant my precious hindie inside the empty chair beside her while she pushes with ten fingers a silver-tinted mini-bot in my direction at the end of her desk. I touch the edge of the silver metal with all fingertips of a right hand, feeling sensations of cold, dead, not working. Then I fun amuse. “Broken?” I sigh with perplexity.
I cannot fix stuff, since I’m a Tele, not a mechanic. I snigger like a sly fox, but I can adjust some of the mechanical equipment on the solar car and various farm tractors for preventive maintenance and small repairs with Ming’s help, of course, on Planet Earth. I sigh with homesickness.
There are competent technicians trained and educated to perform robot and computer services on Planet Tech World, owned by Empress Rita. The old woman must know that fact, since every child is taught about the planets, stars, not wormhole inside the galaxy’s school for kids and teens on Planet Uni. I sigh with frustration.
“Fix,” singing in soft piano while breaking a cold silence and colder stare from the older woman.
“Fake,” she sings in softer piano.
“Fix,” repeating in soft piano while staring her down with my glittering silver pupils.
“Fake,” she repeats and doesn’t understand the common language, here, on Planet Commerce, maybe the entire galaxy. Or maybe, I don’t understand the common language. I sigh with frustration.
“Fix,” repeat my word while staring into a wrinkled face.
“Fake,” she repeats and wants me to play her little mind games just like Lady Rosa.
I flash back, mentally into a first time line, when Rosa had me guessing about the Sickness patients and the cause, while I figured it out.
The Sickness patients as listed in the red Book are medical inpatients, who fall into a deep coma then re-emerge into consciousness, two days later. The citizens are re-born to a higher state of consciousness within their physical brains. They are re-engineered into a world of the metaphysical sciences with a single innate Tele-power of Telepathy, Teleclairvoyance, Telemetabolics or Telekinesis busting out of their psychic minds. Of course, I possess all four talents, since I’m an alien, giggling with a girly twang.
“Is your name Rosa?” I fun amuse with a slight smirk and cock a face sideways for a queer view of the old woman, but she doesn’t answer my question or smile pretty but stares with a set of cold eyeballs at me.
So, I ponder her last spoken word ‘fake’ within my active, but slo mo neurons, since the word ‘fake’ means to have a false or misleading appearance.
So, I appearance it, too. The bot still looks deader than a dead mouse, so I touch it. The bot feels deader than cold steel, since I smell it. Gotcha! Metal doesn’t smell to the inflamed nostrils, even within my awesome Tele-powers.
The bot sounds dead, since I listen with Tele-ear to it and then sing in oboe music, “Dead.” That’s the only logical conclusion that I can come to use inside my sharp mind.
“Fake,” she repeats in a scratchy alto oboe.
“Not dead?” I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Fake,” She repeats as the bot appears like it is dead. So, I conclude quietly within my neurons that it must be alive, giggling with a girly twang.
“Alive?” I opposite her word with a slim smirk, right up into a nostril.
“Fake,” she repeats as I feel no movement from a silent cold machine. Maybe, it had contained a self destruct mechanism inside the metal casing that activated when she touched it thus causing the bot to de-activate. But it didn’t explode into a million tiny pieces of metal like the former Earth space shuttle. I sigh with confusion.
“Implant?” I wildly guess for fun annoyance.
“Fake,” she repeats that silly word for the hundredth time. I sigh with frustration.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-touch with Telepathy on the mini-bot. Nothing! Since, you cannot read a machine using Telepathy as I giggle. Then, remember that I can actually truly touch a cold steel machine with my awesome Telepathy, Rita. She’s part machine and part human. I sigh with fun.
I T-flair with Teleclairvoyance at the mini-bot which doesn’t provoke any vivid colorful or nosily images in a Tele-mind, since it is dead. I usually can get one image or a blurred vision from a tangible object. I T-lift with Telekinesis the mini-bot into the air as it hangs there suspended like magic, while the old woman doesn’t blink an eyelash at me or the mini-bot.
I grab with both hands the dead but “live” mini-bot and T-scan with Telemetabolics. Then, I  swiftly stop, since I can’t use that T-talent.
The heat from my hands will melt the surface metal and delicate internal circuits and probably give the old woman a fatal heart attack, if I accidentally damage the dead but live mini-bot. Next, I’d have save her wrinkled hindie, instead. I sigh with frustration.
I stare at the mini-bot as she stares at me with cold eyeballs for…1 seconds…2 seconds…6 seconds…10 seconds…then I have an idea. I sigh with brilliance.
I T-tap with Telepathy the old lady’s brain cells, since her mind is both open and relaxed, getting some tiny images. A mini-bot in her wrinkled hands and a range of words flood my Tele-mind listing as secret, scrambled, coded, cipher, message, unauthorized, encrypted.
“Encryption,” singing in happy piccolo music. I sigh with revelation.
“Yesssss,” hissing her ‘s’ in whispers and then slowly stands a crooked spine from the chair. She slowly turns a crooked body towards the room’s archway and slowly walks on naked feet out the door passed the Guard. I stand from my chair watching her ratty dress drag on the hard flooring. I sigh with shock.
He drops the maser to a leg then waits and watched with eyeball the elder woman snail-pad to the elevator carriage then disappear into the metal. He chin whips a face at me with both confusion and joy. I sigh with shock.
“There!” The smiling Guard sings in happy baritone and moves from the archway and smiles at me.
“There, what?” I smart-ass, wrinkling every movable feature on my pretty face in fugly ugly disguise of an upcoming blast of new 411 news.
“You are the new encryptionist.” The smiling Guard bobs eyeglasses and skull up and down like a farm pony.
“Encryptionist!” I step back in boot heels, waving both hands like a flag for caution. “Naw, now.”
“Or…you are the new waitress on the third floor, downstairs in the dining room,” he blackmails, grinning with an evil smirk, right up into a nostril.
“Naw, now,” singing in piccolo, since I do not greatly like that suggestion. I pace boot toes to the table, hugging the cool dead mini-bot like a child to my bosom then presents duck lips, ugly. “What in tarnation do I do with this thing?” 
He smiles with a goofy grin, “Find out the secrets of the mini-bot like the elder lady has been doing for years.”
I wrinkle a forehead, ugly with kitty-cat curiosity. “How do I do that?”
“Use your brains, instead of your beauty!” He smart-asses the sentence then swings a body towards the archway without a properly escorts out of a dark room, into a darker hallway. I hug the mini-bot then eye roll my pupils. I stomp behind him then skip to get up as the elevator doors open revealing an empty carriage.
We enter the metal flooring and silently land down on the first floor then silently pad boots to a gated entrance of the Rita’s Royal castle, far away from the Royal grounds and gardens, secretly. I guess and giggle.
The Guard finger points at a sleek black air limo, ya’ll. He smiles and announces in baritone, “Your ride!”
“Hot dang it!” I sing in flute while Pbot opens a rear door. I slide my dry dirty black jumpsuit into the soft leather bench as Pbot flies backwards towards an open driver’s door. I watch with fun amusement. 
Pbot swiftly drives me and the limo to a borrowed Bonita noble castle, without any orders at that. I have to ponder that intriguing move from my number #2 enemy, Rita.
Rita, who is pure evil along with Dirk, who’s more pure evil, since they are double pure evil. I sigh with caution.
Bonita castle. sunny sky. no clouds. 78ºF. afternoon. The rain has stopped pouring down buckets and teacups of tear drops on the windows as Pbot draws the air limo closer to that castle, currently occupied by me, but still real estate property of the Lord Dirk. Dirk is still the missing within my eyeballs and future-wished presumed dead Lord Dirk or dead Emperor Dirk or just plain old dead Dirk. Whatever!
I slowly exit the chaffered limo by open door then nosily stomp fashion boots into a familiar castle finding a familiar room and a familiar odor, Ya know, I personally hand and foot-cleaned this place in both the second and fifth time lines when I lived here. I sigh with toil.
I walk across the open living room with no old or new furniture. But a broken down sofa like a surfer has stolen it and surfed it in the ocean waters on the southern tip of Bonita. Since, I do remember that kitty-cat scary event in the third time line while wondering if dead Lord Dirk or dead Emperor Dirk or just plain old dead Dirk is buried, there. Since, he isn’t drooling over Rita’s shooting hand, not realizing that the empress has a steady hand and a steel heart, too.
I giggle with silliness, trotting boot toes upstairs for a look-see. I find my old bedroom and find a tidy and neat yellow covered bed mattress and walk to an open closet, filled space of new clothes. I sigh with delight.
I smile, prancing side to side in fashion boot, seeing tiny outfits of pink tops and skirts with layered ruffles, just my size, since Rita must have remembered my cute trendy style. I do deadly question pure evil empress Rita’s intentions, but I can look cute doing it. Yeah, baby.
I drop to kneecaps and eye burn a new pair of cowgirl boots that paints in black python all over the leg inlays, not from ankle to toe. The foot and a little more hold hot pink-colored leather of some type of animal skin. I don’t wait for a party slipping off my nasty black jumpsuit and fashion boots then royally sip on a right boot over a dirty sock. It fits, perfectly, grinning and giggling with pink hotness. I sigh with cuteness.
I leave a nasty pile of abuse blackness of Earth clothes, where it’s at. The clothes fairy can come and collect the crap, maybe leave me a dancing gown and some dancing shoes along with dancing partner, Rann, giggling in silliness. Then, I carefully hug, first then kiss, second my new pair of pink and black boots. Because, girls, you need to pamper your toes and soles.
I place the precious boots in a dark protective corner of the closet, since I gotta bath a nasty body, first then work an ass off, second for my new job, encrypto-girl.
“I like…,” giggling at my new call name, “Encrypto-girl, Yay!” I swing my nakedness while singing a familiar Country song that I can’t get out of my mind, since I hear the song on the radio inside the limo. I stomp naked feet into the not shower, singing for all spying eardrums.
I emerge wet and clean and smell like vanilla beans, since Rita left me perfume. I do believe this is the first time that I have crushed and abused the bean of vanilla, swishing it all over my nakedness.
But, I smell great. I wish Rann was here for our honeymoon night. Since, we would be happily marriage in a nice simply wedding ceremony in his big golden castle, not here.
Lord Dirk might show or might now, since he be dead from Rita’s right shooting hand, pondering that girl can shot a maser. Dang it!
I change into a short pink sundress with two tiny spaghetti stripes running up and down golden naked collar bones while the air conditioning cools back muscles. I quietly sit on the neat and tidy bed, without a service bot or Sbot. Since Rita is a cheap chick, just like Dirk. Dirk is really a girl in disguise as I laugh my off ass at my silliness. But, I do know Rita possesses lots and lots of currs, since she only owns Tech World, Commerce, and half a universe of profitable planets. I sigh with envy.
I quickly grab the mini-bot next to a yellow satin pillow case, talking to my selfie, “If there’s an encrypted secret code, I can figure it out.” I sigh with cleverness.
I lip off the lid then press with ten fingers lots of different buttons inside the bot console, when suddenly Dirk’s ugly fugly pale face pops onto the monitor of the comlen. I nosily gasp with air molecules, since he is being hunted down for all his illegal and inhuman acts of crime to the universe for the past six time lines. Atta boy!
I studiously study the provided information along the outline of Dirk’s face using a T-scan of eyeballs and pick out nasty sentences, reading for all spying eardrums. “He is the King. He is the Ruler. He is the Emperor of the Universe.” I pause for beauty and remark, “But, Rita is the sneaky, cunning and devious one which isn’t stated, here in Dirk’s face.” I sigh with nervousness.
I flash back, mentally into a first time line, when Rita killed her own Father, and in the second time line, when Rita killed her own Father, again. I flash present that Rita is pure evil, but she’s employing me. Since I need a job, currs, food, and shelter. Therefore, I need this job as my stomach grumbles with food, while I ignore the hungry pains. I sigh with toil.
I scan with normal eyeballs the mini-bot looking for more datum about Dirk, Rita, Rann, the nobles, the commoners, the Game and the universe in general, since the mini-bot seems to be devoid of data, facts, and information. I sigh with confusion.
I don’t see any additional datum about the Wall, the twin solar sun system, the kingdom or the citizens, only Dirk’s rotating fugly ugly ghostly pale skull with two beady eye sockets, two sharp cheekbones, and two ugly nose holes, and one big mouth head. I wish there was a hangman’s noose around his thin neck, instead of a golden necklace. Nasty intentions! I sigh with revenge.
I am a Tele, not an encryptionist, so let’s go exploring into the galaxy the “new” fashion way with my Tele-powers. I sigh with clairvoyance.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Tech World is functioning at full robotic parameters, while meanie silver and black Bots perform the domestic work for all factory, school, medical, and farming duties, not nice citizens. I also note it is owned by all by her selfie Rita, along with the only other viable planets that list as Commerce, Agri, Tech, and Sahara. I T-see using Teleclairvoyance the Sahara Castle, intact and complete with the furniture, the jails, the weapons, and the ships, no prisoners. Since, she as named Empress Rita has forbidden any one person or any group to occupy the great big beautifully golden mansion. I sigh with dictatorship.
I T-see using Telepathy all the citizens live, breathe, and work on Planet Commerce or Planet Agri, showing new and old homesteads, the new hospitals, new vendor booths, and new schools on both planets. I continue my metaphysical Tele-scan of the orbiting planets.
I T-see using Teleclairvoyance pockets of oxygen and hydrogen on certain geographical areas of the asteroid Resort, so the pirates still exist. I flash back, mentally into a third time line when I fought against the medical deformed citizens created by Dirk.
I end the time travel, not locating the nobles of Rann, Ty, Tok, or Ira cutting my T-journey off. I return eyeballs to my new job, since I need to work, to eat supper, to live in shelter for the night, because I love the cute clothes and mouth consume the fashionable sewing buttons. I sigh with hunger. 
The program coding inside the mini-bot is difficult to decipher with my smart neurons as I play on the keyboard with the little symbols and convert them to letters then numbers while trying to figure out the unsolved puzzle. Fun amusement for the first thirty minutes, then the fun has diminished into frustration. I sigh with surrender.
I slam the lid of the mini-bot down into the grooves then lift about three inches in the air and surround the instrument with two hands and ten finger pads while concentrating really hard for something magical to happen. A single image pops into my mental mind: Resort and then a soft Tele-whisper: Rann. I sigh with happiness.
I have found my true love Rann but I have not found the secret code of the stupid mini-bot. I resume the search opening the lid as Dirk encompasses the entire screen then dog snarls….naw…I dog snarl at Dirk then giggle with silliness. I narrow eyelashes at an electronic drawn dang good face sketched in a series of numbers on the mini-bot. “Some secret coding.” I muse and quickly unscrambled the numbers and convert them into letters.
The letters translate into words while I reconstruct the words into a set of completed sentences.
“Dirk is dumb. Rita is dumber.” I laugh my ass off while hooting and smiling with great pleasure along with the ID thief that created this bot blog site.
However, I can never ever translate this message into a right eardrum of Empress Rita without losing my swan neck in a hangman’s noose, snorting like a wild-ass boar.
Knock! Knock! I gently toss the mini-bot to the bed then leap, kitten-like from the mattress. I rush out the bedroom’s archway then suddenly stop then back up on naked toe bones. I T-see using Teleclairvoyance a couple of cute military guys in their new and pressed blue uniforms that means there’s supper at Rita’s home for the evening.
So, I back step ass-backwards like the flying trashcans into the room passed the bed mattress then march forward two legs to the closet. Sitting on the wooden flooring like a little kid, I reach and capture my new cowgirls boot while elegantly fitting them over my naked toes. I stand leaning a chin while admiring my new boot toes, giggling.
I hurriedly dash like a forest deer down the steps on boot toes to the front door of my borrowed mansion watching a polished pair of Rita’s cute Royal Honor Guard Unit handsomely stand and more handsomely smile at me. The right one, that’s the one on my right, not his right. the right one on my right slowly drones in a sissy tone. Okay. Looks ain’t everything. He says. “You have been summoned by Empress Rita for lunch.” I stand like an alien princess with my new cowgirl boots inside the archway, smirking.
“I ain’t hungry.” I jest for fun annoyance in piccolo music as they do not smile or speak at my cute-ass remark. Okay! Looks ain’t everything but brains are required for a good Southern beau. I eye roll pupils into a hairline then wiggle five finger pads at the limo. “You’re the boss.” They swings a body at the same time but opposite side of each bicep, so they hit each other like High School farts. I giggle at them and guess at you that you understand that statement.
They lead off, first and I follow, second sliding into the rear bench seat of the limo. They sit nameless, emotionless, and useless on the opposite side as Pbot plows the metal to the flooring roaring with engines towards Rita. This is the life style that princess me loves, no driving, no cleaning, and no cooking. I sigh with wealth.
second floor. auditorium. red building. red and yellow sunset. no clouds. 68ºF. evening. Pbot parks in the parking designated lot for big long floating air machines as I walk in princess steps behind the Royal Honor Guard Unit into a very people-crowded hallway. I swish neck muscles side to side along with pointy elbows since the Royal Honor Guard Unit huffs it faster then I on the staircase of the Auditorium Building. 
I didn’t know that there was a staircase on the northern side of the building, something new, perhaps for the seventh time line. 
I drag cowgirl boots behind the rabbit hopping twin Guards as they suddenly disappear from eyeballs within zillions…naw…thousands of crowded smelly citizens breathing in a right and left cheekbone. I slo mo pad between two long lines of citizens towering upward towards the second floor of red building until finding a vertical slot for a sideway nose profile. I squash between two slender tall model-body females like a midget then sneeze…naw…fart. Then smell and then laugh my ass off, the skinny girls scoot heels away from the fart, giving me more nostril room. I sigh with humor.
Citizens line, snake-like against red-painted walls, quietly whisper, and patiently wait for a miracle of angels or lunch or Rita. I bet we’re waiting for Rita to serve lunch. I sigh with hungry.
I recognize the Guards, the pardoned prisoners…naw…one pardoned prisoner besides me. The elder Male stood behind my fanny laughing at Rita’s sick joke, but in doing so, he won his freedom and his life. Empress Rita is really moody, since one minute, she kills ya, then the next she muses you. I T-read using Telepathy mostly out of boredom a quick tap into the surrounding nosily citizens, consisting of pilots, technicians, teachers, nurses, cooks, maids, butlers, teenagers, and children, no Agri workers, giggling. Even Rita doesn’t mess around with the food supply chain, snorting like a wild boar. She’s really vile, but smart. I sigh with boredom.
Rita suddenly appears like a red angel from a side door beautifully standing in front of a short podium beside a group of small, medium and large silver-tinted cylinders attached to three vertical poles, telescopes. I sigh with surprise.
Rita neck snaps a face to a citizen on the right seated between the poles inside a red padded seat with his eyeballs glued to the largest cylinder-shaped telescope’s twin eye pieces. She orders in sharp alto, “Display!” Three tall and wide comlens (televisions) on the wall behind her Ruby red tiara light up with power then display a tiny lumpy-shaped semi-circle thingy in black space. The lump is brightly colored in reds, blues, greens, pinks, and whites. 
The Male Tech World Technician explains in a smooth tenor while twirling an electronic pencil around the small lump of dead soil. “This is a live feed. The asteroid is a massive in both gravity and size almost comparable with our Planet Commerce…(pauses)…Maybe, it once was a viable oxygen enriched world for citizens. Now, a lifeless celestial object hanging space. The interior land masses are filled with numerous ecological and economic and evolutionary risks to citizens, lungs, and ships,” The Tech World Technician reports.
“Explain?” She demands in sharp alto wrinkling a forehead, ugly accentuated by her shiny red tiara as I giggle with fun amusement.
The Tech World Technician presses a button as an image of the lumpy asteroid expands into a worse looking lump of matter floating in black space. The lump reminds me of an evil looking letter “e” with pointy-star figures protruding around the curve of the letter. The open space at the side is totally red like a permanent forest fire burns within that geographical area of the asteroid. And the hollow middle of the “e” is a pretty electric blue coloring, oceans.
The Tech World Technician explains with eye sockets glued into the eye pieces calling the play by play action from the telescope’s powerful lens. “This is the site that we are currently attacking for some unknown reason, Empress Rita.” I cut eyeballs from the comlen to Rita’s pretty face. She doesn’t twitch a muscle, cool cucumber. I sigh with coldness.
The Tech World Technician narrates. “The land is badly burned shadowed in blacks and gray with no life signs but the green grass indicates new growth. The lake is pink from dead fish and fired aquatic life forms. The blue boxes are marked on the live colorful comlen represent our six zippers, and three carrier ships. The ships dive high from a blue sky and then seriously bomb a land surface of green. This is the precise target of our maser bombs, Empress Rita. Once upon a time, there was a hidden base of the space pirates living with the colorful fires of red, green, and yellow maser waves. However, I do believe that the space pirates have been exterminated. Anyhow, you can see the blown up pic of disintegrated and destroyed seaports, farm landscapes, hotel buildings, and gambling casinos, no pirates. Since, once again, they have escaped your wrath, Rita. I sigh with victory.
Rann, Ty, Tok, and Ira are located on the asteroid Resort from my Tele-zoom around the twin galaxies. I sigh with angry.
Rita story tells another version while patting a right shoulder of Tech World Technician. She gently taps ten finger pads on the short podium. “That precise location that our star ships are bombarding and burning is really a secret Army headed by Prince Rann. He lives on this once prosperous but abandoned world. My goal, which is your goal, is to seek and destroy all of them.” Rita decrees War. “The bomb attack at a hidden fighting base of asteroid Resort is real-real.” She finger points at the last comlen. “And, so are these pieces of metal.” The frozen monitor screen shows an enlarged foto as my Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
“New battle ships…” a brave citizen softly mutters for all eardrums. The citizens softly mumble while I eye examine a new cool ship design, Rann’s idea. Since, I possess brains, brawn, and beauty for my love, Rann. I sigh with true love.
“The flying craft had been modified for both fast speed and faster sheath capabilities. Our older pieced together old tubs are keep by mouth spit and shirt tails,” joshes not from Rita’s lips as the citizens hum in a-flat music. She continues, “The new battle information that I have secretly gathered and collected shows three zippers. Each zipper possesses cloaking ability and rapid quantum speed for faster service,” jokes Rita as the citizens hum a lower octave b-flat music.
She preps a plan. “I’m going to steal one.” The citizens hum a lower octave c-flat music as she explains. “This mission is to infiltrate a star ship center. Steal one of the new three prototypes. Delivery back to our base for examination and study. Destroy the other two inside a flight hanger of the landing bay, eliminating the advantage for Prince Rann.” Rita finishes and grins. Good luck!
“Impossible feat….,” a brave citizen words from the wall near my eardrums as the citizens hum in a lower octave of d-flat while shifting and shuffling shoe soles.
“I have made the parameters of this important mission as clear and dangerous as possible for your understanding and your decision.” Rita remarks both clear and dangerous, that’s not me, but another confused and dummy…(yeah, baby). I sigh with survival.
“I want one volunteer. One volunteer to slip passed the guards and to secure that ship. This mission is dangerous but crucial in our efforts to defeat the evil Prince Rann and his dictatorship over our universe.” She words but means her universe, forgetting to substitute, while I snort like a wild boar. I sigh with wrong-ness.
I’m not volunteering for a suicide mission, going directly into Rann’s wolf den, finding a heavy guarded prototype alpha ship, containing some new bells and whistles. Then I fly it off a planet into an atmosphere of thousands of miles of open cold black outer space towards a big wide Wall of space junk. Then, I bring it back to a greedy pretty selfie Empress Rita. I giggle with a girly twang. 
I scan sour faces around me letting another Citizen take this dangerous and deadly mission. I haven’t proven anything, yet, except that I can talk and intimidate a senior citizen of Commerce. I’m very comfortable in my new role of Encrypto-girl. Since it’s like chewing gun and walking at the same time, a simple talent. I had perfected that duel talent over the years as a young child on Planet Earth, giggling with a girly twang. I sigh with silence.
“I will,” a young cute buck steps forward in worn boots. Brave lad!
Bonita castle. bright stars. 65ºF. nighttime. Pbot drives sleepy me inside a borrowed Royal air limo back to a loaned Bonita Castle as I ponder my new job with no battles, no fights, and no problems. I sigh with pleasure.
I have brilliantly figured out the mysterious puzzle inside the mini-bot, without sitting foot or fanny on asteroid Resort. But if I could step foot or fanny then I could find Rann give him a big wet kiss on his face. I should’ve informed Rita of my new boots…naw…new information while standing against the red wall of the impromptu tattle-tale meeting. But, she seems very, very busy plotting her war, battles, and assassination. So, I’ll tell her, tomorrow. Therefore, I have nothing else to do, sniggering like a sly fox. I find and grab a new adventure book from the downstairs Library that I missed in six time lines then kiss the evening, good night. I sigh with happiness.
Day 139. second floor. auditorium. sunny skies. partly cloudy. 73ºF. morning. “Another meeting,” I whisper for the thirteenth time while sitting inside a comfortable air-conditioned borrowed limo in a new pink top and matching knee-length shorts. Pbot drives away from my castle…naw…Dirk’s castle. I sigh with home.
I slo mo trot like a tired mule up the red walls and studiously stare at Rita’s red flowing jeweled gown. Rita soldierly slumps at the podium looking depressed and un-happy, but I’m happy. She looks un-joyous, but I’m joyous. I park my boot toes between the first vertical slot against a west wall for a pretty nose profile. I sigh with high glee.
Rita explains in a dull alto, “Our covert spy had managed to arrive and depart asteroid Resort in one of the secretly build three zippers, without detection. But, he encountered a problem.”
“Too bad!” I drone for my eardrums, only.
“A zipper malfunction inside the ship caused from no oxygen inside the pilot’s cockpit. He died from lack of air. He set a navigation bot for our base, here on Commerce. But, it was without success.” She story tells.
“Tough break!” I drone from my eardrums, only.
“He has not and will not be found.” Rita expresses with sadly.
“Good call!” I drone for my eardrums, only.
“But, he managed to record a coded message using a working comfone on the zipper accessing our space port to Commerce.” Rita explains then hands me a new mini-bot. Well, actually, she hands a small machine to her new Captain of the Royal Honor Guard Unit. Ya know, the live one who quickly replaced the dead one that she purposefully killed during my prisoner interrogation. The Captain walks boots over to me and places a mini-bot between two palms. I sigh with toil.
Bonita castle. afternoon. I slo mo trot up the stairs to my bedroom kicking off my boots. I lay on a stomach over the soft mattress while tapping a strange musical beat on the silver buttons with ten finger pads at a new mini-bot. I smile. “What is this?”
Dirk’s face is made up of letters, symbols, and numbers, type of funky funny code embedded inside two nostrils of a sharp pointy pale nose, while I laugh my ass off.
I pick up a fountain pen and scribble the letters on the wall, near my bed, contains three separate letters consisting of “E” and “W” and “M.” I sigh with disappointment.
There are six stupid combinations from three letters. I sigh with annoyance.
EMW.
EWM.
WEM.
WME.
MWE.
MEW.
One of the words is clearly defined inside a word dictionary, spelling, MEW. I access the mini-bot’s word dictionary inside the comlen. MEW is a crying sound of a purr cat or a cage for Agri hawks or a secret place for hiding.
“Secret place for hiding,” I state and smile placing an electronic pointy arrow at the top of the screen and start reading all the data from the beginning of Dirk’s red cow lick to the end of his pointy chin. After spending four hours reading and then re-reading the information from top to bottom, and then side to side on the comlen, I spell the word, heart moon. I’m absolutely clueless about a definition, description, or meaning of the phrase “heart moon.” There are moons connected to the planets, not in the shape of a heart. I sigh with frustration.
I scan the outer space science database searching for any man-made moon around a planet or around a space station in the shape of a geometric shape of a heart. Zero. Nada. Nothing. So, I conclude that Rann and the nobles are hiding out on a landscape in the shape of “heart moon” on asteroid Resort. I sigh with correction. 
“That’s my conclusion, Your Highness,” I state and smile for a pretend practice, tomorrow. Since, Rita’s going to love that answer…naw….an alternative answer for her. Because, I know where the nobles are located on asteroid Resort and Rita desires to know where to plant her bombs to destroy Rann at the live air strike on the wrong hidden base, during her stupid meeting. But, I have the pass code MEW, grinning from ear to ear with an evil smirk. I sigh with power.
Day 140. auditorium. Rita quietly sits in front of the smallest telescope attached to one of the taller silver poles looking really depressed, but my news flashy blast should brighten her dull boring day. I sigh with victory.
“Display!” Rita orders in a sharp alto splattering vile nasty mouth salvia over the Tech World Technician’s black hair roots. That’s why I saw it. Yuck-o! I stroll in boot toes right behind her tiara while the poor Technician glues his eyeballs to the telescope lens and.
I announce in bright cheery flute music. “Good afternoon, Rita!” Then, I perform a peasant curtsey, placing a right boot toe behind my left ankle then hold the edges of my pretty hot pink sundress like a Southern belle with graceful manners and high social noble class.
“Starra!” Rita twists a jaw line then a body meeting and greeting with a paint-plastered smile and attacks….naw…hugs my petiteness with two long arms. Then she lightly peaks a right cheekbone as I cringe with queenly coodies then quickly back step from her fake smile and.
I announce with a second time of cheeriness in flute music. “Empress Rita, a moment of your time, please,” Rita finger points a red-painted index finger to the unoccupied chair at the table fit for two people, since she’s evil but very well mannered.
“Lunch?” She asks as I bob my curls up and down like a hungry pony.
“Yes, please.” I accept, because I have pretty clothes, but not tasty food. I’m a Tele, not a cook.
“I have heard of your reputation, Starra.” Rita announces in a sharp alto, smiling and picks at sharp steak knife at the beef tip.
“Reputation?” I repeat then chew with an open mouth on the delicious steak tip while holding my steak knife in a left hand in the air.
“From Lady Rosa?” Rita violently slices a second steak tip with both fork and knife then stabs the meat with the prongs. Lady Rosa is long time dead. If my math is correct dead, Rosa has been gone for the past six space times. I’m alive but trapped in a seventh time line. I sigh with confusion.
“Yes, Lady Rosa would know about my reputation.” I agree then eat the steak tips as Rita just cuts the steak with a sharp knife for fun amusement.
“I am at your service,” Rita remarks, playing with steak knife.
“I need your assistance,” commanding the verbal conversation then suck down the cool drink.
“Assistance?” She repeats.
“Elimination of the rebels,” explaining and finishing a buttered roll.
“Rebels?” She questions.
“Located on Resort,” tattling while buttering a second roll.
“Resort!?” She repeats while I’ll perform a simple task for her. But I want something from her as well. I sigh with deceit.
“I know the location of the secret base,” confessing my half-secret then chew the delicious green beans with a touch of black pepper.
“Secret base?” She repeats.
“I can stop the War,” declaring then polish off the first slice of tender steak.
“The War.” She repeats.
“In return, you release me from your service,” demanding with a left cheek full of food then swallow the meat.
“Release?” She repeats.
“I become a free and wealthy citizen. No more service to you, Rita,” blackmailing with a smile then slurp on the cool drink.
“Wealthy?” She repeats.
“The empress has currs,” wording with extortion as well then clean the plate of food.
“Currs?” She repeats, pouting her lips.
“Currs?” I repeat, smiling with parted lips, right up into a nostril.
“I want you to destroy the nobles and the base!” She demands of me as I pout, cute-like, lips.
“No,” singing in my flute music as Rita doesn’t react but ponders my personal intentions. Since Emperor Dirk enjoyed hearing himself speak, bark, and growl at the citizens. Empress Rita has a different Royal style. Actions, not words! But I did make her shift the folds of that long red gown inside the tiny chair while faking that paint-plastered smile.
“Very well! You’re a true loyal Bonitian just like your…cousin,” Rita remarks, smirking with a set of crooked lips, ugly.
“Cousin?” I repeat.
“Dirk?” Rita names.
“Where’s my cousin?” I ask.
“Incapacitated.” She remarks.
“Incapacitated?” I repeat.
“Recovering?” She adds.
“From what?” I question.
“Sickness?” She mysteries the familiar word, since she lies. Because Dirk has been through “the Sickness,” that’s why he’s a very strong Tele. I sigh with danger.
I bob my curls up and down like a farm pony in silence acceptance, standing for the final queenly decision as Rita bobs the tiara up and down. I scoot boot toes towards a docking pad for a zipper ship for my personal task walking lonely through the castle. I dare not take any other citizen with me for security purposes. Anyways, after the young man died no one wants to volunteer for any mission, again. I engage the ship, firing the afterburners of the old zipper soaring out of the blue atmosphere of Commerce. I sigh with deceit.
asteroid Resort. Cave. bright blue sky. salt air. no clouds. 86ºF. afternoon. I always enjoy flying in cold black outer space with the cockpit heater on, through the Wall with a T-shield over my body, and right back out the other side with the air-conditioner on. Since, I get heated between four square corners enclosing around my helmet and boot toes. The Wall is a big natural barrier formation located in the middle of cold black outer space dividing the unknown universe into two parts, solar systems. Each solar system has a bright yellow sun. The Wall consists of constantly drifting rocks, asteroids, ice crystals, and space junk collected in groups or singularly. The space debris beautifully attaches to the outer physical foreverly rectangular structure, making the phenomenon higher and wider than some of the planets inside the universe. This is the strangest type of physics I’ve ever seen in science theory. 
But the best part is that I don’t like using the man-made hole created by the Tech World Bots. So I create my own entrance through the Wall, especially if I’m spying for my number two enemy, Empress Rita. I snort like a wild boar. I sigh with victory.
The old dented space craft wiggles and wedges through a Tele-hole into the cold dark black space emerging hotly on the other side of the parallel universe, seeing asteroid Resort. The asteroid prettily fills two eyeballs and one screen, blue and pink ocean waters plus massive amounts of brown, black, red, and green landscape from the various air bombs and attacks from Empress Rita. But my overall complete plan is to sabotage both the Resort secret base of Rann and the Commerce base of Empress Rita. I sigh with more victory.
“If you can’t join them, sabotage them.” I grin and giggle. I sigh with deception.
Communications is a wonderful technological marvel, since it controls air, water, ventilation, equipment, bots, buildings, ships, and almost every mechanical thing in the universe. I love technology. I’m going to deactivate the communication Master Control Bots on all the dead and alive planets in the entire universe like a vicious pretend ruler. Then no citizen, zipper or noble will be attacking any other citizen, zipper or noble for a very, very, long, long, time, time. I laugh my ass off, diving towards a patch of black dirt.
I travel under the dark side of the asteroid Resort while electronically jamming both the comlen sensors and comfone satellites with a T-zap of Telekinesis plus some prettily cumulus clouds. I love thunderstorms, also. I flash back mentally into a fourth time line when Dirk had piloted a carrier ship through nasty hurricane winds, rain, and hail on Bonita containing Rita, him, and me. I survived then died eaten by a fish cave worm.
I land the zipper on the far side of a destroyed city, near the river, away from the hidden base, in a lovely batch of green grass and pink and red wild flowers, and then jump, kitten-like from my seat. I elegant twirl folding my petiteness into a ball somersaulting in the air for fun then flip out two straight pen legs into the oxygen molecules. I gracefully hover like an angel using T-lift of Teleclairvoyance for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds, since I do not desire to damage my new cowgirl boots. For some reason, they seem to get trashed during a time line.
I beautifully float down to earth soil while swirling in a circle with folded arms hugging my breasts, completing my fun alien princess dance, giggling with a girly twang. I prettily drop on boot heels, first then boot toes, bending kneecaps while absorbing the slight impact to my petiteness. Then I squat on kneecaps touching moisture wet green grasslets, smiling at my cute dance without any audience. Too bad!
I T-jog moving two arms and two boots in Telekinesis three inches from the soil then T-super-girl jump using Telekinesis 1,000 feet in the air over broken pieces of rusty equipment, damaged buildings, and natural rock formation. Then I crawl on fours…(palms and kneecaps)…along the wet ground and around some broken rock tan boulders, busted indigo cement blocks, and overgrown green plants, following a well worn but poorly concealed path to a big rock. A rock door. Cave. There are no handles, knobs, switches or door bell, snorting like a wild-ass boar. I don’t knock but gingerly touch the rock with a manicured pink-painted index finger…(painted nails, baby)….feeling cool, smooth and vibrating. I sigh with victory.
“Open sesame,” singing a silly Earth quote, then giggle more silly, since I know it won’t work. But it was funny, sniggering like a sly weasel. I seriously desire for Dirk. Since, he laughs at my funny Earth jokes and seems to really appreciate my witty Earth humor, especially in the last two time lines. I clear my silly thoughts and recall the code word, mew, sound of a Purr cat. 
I place pink-painted lips two inches from a brown rock formation, “Mew,” singing softly in flute. The big fugly ugly smooth brown rock boldly shifts to the left as I jump, T-rex from dancing rock. I step backwards on boot heels watching with eyeballs lots of dancing and moving tan, brown, and beige small, medium, and large fake rocks, of course. Then a big chunk of a beige fake rock crunches against the smooth brown real rocks then and grinds likes a set of gritted tooth enamel within eardrums. It slowly shivers like a dancer then the stone pivots more to the left while revealing a hidden passageway between the curvy seams inside the rock mountain formation. A secret cave.
I jump, kitten-like out of eyeball view of the exposed arched entrance way, just in case, there are guards, sentries or bots. Because, the cave is a secret. The base is a secret, whilst the mission is a secret, not for me. I giggle silly. I sigh with contentment.
The rock opening lifts two feet from a dirt ground as I quickly drop to a stomach and roll like a log along the dirt under the smooth stone. Scary. If this thing decides to close suddenly, I’m dead. I sigh with danger.
I close eyelashes, tucking both arms around a chest, and then feel a cool floor on a face and ten knuckles. I leap, kitten-like to boot toes, dancing to a side wall for hiding and.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Surveying a large space area with a T-probe of Telepathy, a maintenance shop, I see rusty used and black abused combinations of zippers, carriers, passenger, bots, equipment, tools, and other pieces of repair equipment, and hardware parts. The stuff lines the walls, the floors, and the wall corners as far as Tele-eyeballs can see. I focus on a dressing station. I sigh with brilliance.
A disguise is a faddie idea, since I’m a pretty trespasser and a smart spy, giggling. I bug crawl on fours…(palms and kneecaps)…towards the dressing room nicely hiding behind a wall of steel cabinets and small work chrome desks.
In my bug hug pose, I T-probe with Telepathy searching the interior dressing rooms. No one home! I stand like a lady and enter freely into a wide rectangular room filled with zillions of four feet by four feet of indigo-colored personal worker lockers, used previously by the Casino and Restaurant workers. Now, the lockers belong to Rann and his devoted staff of battle warriors as I pad to the first one, then slam open a single locker full of uniforms. I steal one, slipping a one-piece indigo uniform over pink shorts and top then stuff a pair of oversized work boots over my pink sneakers. I grab a long-handed silver wrench for decoration then exit out the dressing room, since I feel like a grease monkey. I sigh with disguise.
Grease! Before entering the double doors of the Maintenance Shop, I scoop a medium-hand full of black grease for good looks. I sigh with work.
“You there!” A brave warrior notices me from a fanny-behind as I slowly strut like a guy towards one of three new prototype zipper ships. I stop then turn a face around to stare at the new citizen.
“Who me?” I don’t smile, since I’m a rough worker-girl.
“You!” He repeats in bass drum without rudely finger pointing.
“Me!” I repeat for fun annoyance.
“You are…” he remarks, screwing eyebrows, ugly.
“New guy!” I purr in bass flute, because I’m really a girl, but a guy thinks all masculine thoughts, even around a girl. Since, I’m only here to perform the new mission.
He looks at me in a silly frown. “Over here!” He direct points an index finger to a grounded ship.
“Working on?” I ask what’s wrong with the zipper then scoot towards a different task, first following like a Woof puppy behind his Daddy at the pointed object.
“Inspecting the zipper for damaged parts, starting at nose cone, then wings, then afterburners, then canopy, then cockpit instrumentation and then…,” he explains as my plan isn’t working as planned. My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine. 
“…fixed,” supplying for fun annoyance, smiling. I neck snap my curls and T-scan the area for danger, seeing General Ira waving both arms in the air located on the east rock wall while following the guy to a second damaged space craft from Rann’s party night raids defending asteroid Resort. I sigh with caution.
“I don’t think she can tell the difference between a screw and hammer,” Mr. Battle Mechanic #2 taunts me while the other battle mechanics laugh in my freckles. I sigh with revenge.
“Here, catch.” Mr. Battle Mechanic #1 orders and tosses a heavy metal tool in my direction as I catch it, without breaking a pink-painted long pinky nails. I sigh with more revenge.
“I hope you don’t break a fingernail,” Mr. Battle Mechanic #2 remarks and adds, “We’re fixing the oxygen shear sensor on the manifold. Join us, if you dare.”
I finally comment while examining two eyelashes and one T-scan on his mechanic brain at the damaged ship. I’m a Tele, not a mechanic. And I need to busy and finish my original mission. I offer in a sweet fluttering flute, smirking, “I do believe using a three eights racket, instead of a two-inch wrench, would do a better job, ya think, sir?” I bob my curls as faces drop into duck lips, funny.
Mr. Battle Mechanic #1 chuckles at my freckles, ordering, “Fix it, new guy.” I set to work on adjusting the comlen sensors, all sensors. I sigh with toil.
After one hour, eighteen minutes, two glasses of water, and four gallons of sweat, I finish. “My work’s done.” My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
I T-scan with Telepathy a large space area, again looking for the danger sign, since I’m the spy. I see a group of citizens forming a circle around a person as I place the heavy tools down on the floor and advance on boots to the battle party, since I’m a spy. My Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
I mosey over to the party…naw…the pirate, while my old friend Nat updates in bass drum, “Rann, might I suggest you use one of the newly zippers for the Invasion Battle Plan.”
“Each ship contains an ease dropping device. Your suggestion’s a good idea, but it won’t help me.” Rann vetoes, scanning pupils over the new ships. Rann still possesses his curly black hair, brown eyes, dark tanned skin on five feet and ten inches of tallness at 195 pounds with his flexing rippled chest muscles and 8-pack abs, seeing no shirt or sleeves on his split down the middle white satin jacket vest with matching slacks tucked into spit and polished black knee-boots with a diagonal black sash that falls from his right shoulder full of colorful small pins and six gold medals. I sigh with true love.
“Rita’s going to access the tracking bot on Tech World. She can identify your ship and take you prisoner.” Nat cautions with concern, watching Rann’s body language.
“That’s the chance I take like the rest of my crew.” Rann braves the remark, patting with a right glove the top of the roof.
“At least, let me give you another Officer’s ship, then Rita’ll be tracking that pilot, instead of you.” Nat counters, shaking a skull side to side.
“This isn’t acceptable to me. I’m the leader. I’ll take the same risks as my warriors.” Rann explains like a true king. Rann should be ruler of the universe, not Rita, not Dirk. I sigh with true love.
Nat, Kia, and other shipmates have joined the battle warrior huddle for the heated discussion. “Your Highness, your life’s more valuable than any one of us.” Kia addresses, since I totally disagree with Kia’s remark. Because my life’s very valuable to me, being a chicken shit, first and a battle warrior, never. I snort like a wild-ass boar, since I plan a big surprise birthday party for Rann and Rita.
“I’ll take your ship, Rann. I’ll be the bait for our attack.” Nat offers.
“Thank you Major, but, I’ve decided. I’m the leader. I’ll be the bait. You’re going to have to defend the planet and me.” Rann laughs his ass off along with the other officers as I giggle silly with the smart-ass remark. Nat, Kia, and Ted leave the circle, walking back to their personal zippers prepping for a takeoff mission from the secret base. But, it isn’t a secret any more as I giggle silly then suddenly stop.
I jerk my curls and eyelashes back to the repaired zipper by me and realize that I’m was supposed to place Rita’s stupid tracking equipment into the engine. I forget to place the thing back in the ship that I was repairing. I’m sabotaging, not destroying.
“Uh…,” singing in flute music while standing in the middle of a stone floor, exposing my petiteness and thinking my thoughts out loud as Ira stumbles boot toes into my petiteness.
“Ensign, do you have a problem?” Ira looks over my hair roots as I think. Think fast! Think faster!
“I do have a problem but I might have a solution to Prince Rann’s ship.” I state and smile, swirl my cute curls to the right for beauty of my true love.
“Spit it out, girl. We have battle to win.” Ira blows mouth salvia over my hair root, which I will be washing once I get back home to my borrowed Bonita castle from Rita.
“I dumped the tracking devise in that ship…(points at zipper)…by accident.” I mice-tattle, since I am small like a mouse, not an ugly rat.
“What?” Ira smart-asses, following my manicured index finger to the zipper.
“I was upgrading the sensor array. The piece of equipment over there, it was in the way. Bot scanned the part and informed me it wasn’t connected to any vital systems in my ship. So, I de-activated it and dumped it in on the floor.” I explain.
Rann smiles with a goofy grin from ear to ear with delight, “Are you telling me that the zipper does…(pauses)…not have tracking capacity to the Tech World bots?”
“Yes, Your Highness. I thought I say that.” I clarify and smile, not flirt, just smile at Rann. I’m the spy, not belle, today.
“We’ll discuss this incident later.” Ira spits more mouth salvia over my hair roots as I back step from his fatness.
“Ensign, you just get promoted to Major for your brilliant, but accidentally idea. Move my gear to the ship.” Rann looks at the zipper with twinkling pupil and orders to Ira.
“You approve, Rann.” Ira screws eyebrows, ugly and questions.
“After all, it was unintentional, Ira. Now, I have a craft with no trace data. Rita couldn’t find me without using all her Bot or Pilot Service Fleet. I’ll be very safe in this ship.” Rann confirms as Ira stares at me with distorted features, as usual using a T-probe of Telepathy, while smile and stare at Rann from fanny-behind. I giggle. I sigh with innocence.
I calmly walk on work boots out of range of the other battle warrior and officers like a true mechanic back into the dressing station, observing the fast paced battle action. I sigh with adventure.
“Prepare for takeoff in ….three, two, one, and launch. Launch all star ships.” Controller yells via comfones as the rock door parts down the middle of the secret cave. All ships lift from the rock flooring, smoothly guiding out of the cave into a pretty blue sky over asteroid Resort as my Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
I snicker like a sly fox, since my T-powers are telling me something that I know within my regular brain cells. Because, I planned and plotted this, my mission. Rann will be very surprised with my little present hidden within the Communication Master Bot, here at the cave rock. I sigh with surprise.
“Stay calm. This battle’ll be over in minutes,” Rann blasts in sexy baritone trombone with the victory words via comfone as the words echo against the rock cave. The battle warrior voices interchange and exchange among the personal comfones between the leader and the scout ships of an anticipated attack on Tech World. I snicker like a sly weasel and patiently watch with eyeballs, leaning my petiteness against the dressing station doors. The big comlen (television)…shows the advancing air strike force of 150-zippers and 60-carriers hype speeding into the baby blue heavens. I giggle and advance towards the mouth opening of the cave while carefully studying the skyline, clear of star ships.
“Stang!” The Controller sings in trumpet music.
“Controller?” Ira names while jerks eyeballs to a blue sky then to a black comlen screen as I snigger like a sly fox.
“Gone!” The Controller sings in trombone music.
“What?” Ira smart-asses, searching with eyeballs a black comlen screen.
“The ships have disappeared from my comlen.” Controller explains with shock just staring at the black screen.
“Killed?” Ira asks with concern, wrinkling a forehead, ugly.
“No, sir,” he reports while pressing buttons and shakes a skull side to side.
“Where did they go?” Ira asks while studying the black comlen.
“If I ventured a guess…,” lingers the fatal words from the Controller’s lips then he looks at Ira’s distorted face.
“Guess?” Ira doesn’t give up with mouth salvia over the work desk.
“Lost in space?” The Controller rat-tattles with the right answer as I squat on kneecaps before Hurricane Ira blows rain and wind.
“Lost in space?” Ira softly repeats, looking at the blank comfone then the blue sky, not a me.
“Lost in space?” The Controller shares and stares at Ira.
“Find them,” Ira shouts with a booming baritone tuba at the Controller then swings a body and an angry face at huddled war battle Officers gathered inside the Command Center.
“General, sir?” The Captain of the battle warriors steps forward on boot toes from the horizontal line of battle warriors and addresses, looking at Ira.
“Find me that girl.” Ira shouts in angry booming baritone tuba.
“Yes, sir!” All battle Warriors sing in a musical a-flat in un-happy unison, scattering boot toes like field mice from a red-tailed hawk.
“Have my death squad standing by…” Ira boldly commands to an attentive Captain of the warrior.
“Death squad standing by, sir,” confirms the Captain of the battle warriors as my Tele senses ping. Everything ain’t fine.
Time to go! I don’t have to whisper the sound mew to the cave door, since its wide open. Because I’m squatting right in front of it. I swiftly sprint on heels out the cave and then roll down on the ground like a log. I shoot upright like a spring daisy and gallop like a race horse to my zipper at Tele-speed. I’m going home to my newly borrowed Bonita castle as a free wealthy citizen of the universe, no problems, no worries, and no duties. I feel the beauty of retirement. I sigh with joy.
Day 141. Commence. Starra’s castle. Bedroom. bright starry night. 55ºF. morning. I stir to a semi-conscious state of mind in the middle of the night either, bright light or loud noise, produced from a thunderstorm. I open and rub encrusted sleepy crumbs from eyelashes with two hands. Wake up. I sub-consciously order brain cells to jump start in high gear, while eardrums hear loud rain dance thunder. Boom! Crack! Pop!
I flip the bed covers over a head, thinking this is day off, since I’m no longer employed coupled with being rich, retired, and sleepy. I roll over to a satin soft pillow, while it’s too early in the morning. Since the sun is still asleep, too. I sigh with rest.
I flash back mentally in both the first and second time lines when I was attacked at my Bonita castle during a thunderstorm. Boom! I flash present that the loud thunder booms in the dark skies above my bedroom window.
“Stang,” yelling and T-probe with Telepathy while searching my newly ‘acquired’ house. Ya see, I purchased it, yesterday via a real Bank Bot from dead Lord Dirk or dead Emperor Dirk or just plain dead Dirk’s Bank Bot at the Bank. Yeah, babe!
Sounds! I hear you with my Tele-ears the loud noises from un-welcomed and un-invited guests rumbling outside the first level glass windows in the Living Room while tripping Bigfoot feet over the newly acquired green potted plants on the patio. They try to enter the house. I sigh with annoyance.
I change into a new pink top and a pair of dress shorts wearing high-heel three-inched sandals while strolling calmly down the stairs. Since, I have plenty of time, because the party crashers are just now slipping through a jarred window pane. I drop to naked hands and naked knees while lady bug crawling behind the broken sofa, hiding. I scan for a weapon, not my precious body, giggling. I T-scan the Kitchen with no pots, no pans, and no dishes. I sigh with frustration.
I flash back mentally into a third time line when Rann had me arrested, sentenced, and imprisoned on Sahara for lying to him. He also told me he was taking possession of my assets. He wasn’t kidding. Rann took every asset in my house, including the kitchen sink.
I scan the Kitchen for a second time finding the Kitchen sink, giggling silly. Since, I do need a kitchen sink. If I can get a Wbot for cooking, then I can eat, since I do eat. Well, I had a delicious lunch at the red building, yesterday, my last supper with Rita…naw…my last supper of food with Rita’s currs, servants, and dishes. I giggle silly.
Then the obnixously loud noises interrupt my daydreaming while I ponder a weapon for protecting my helpless selfie. I snigger like a sly weasel and T-scan with Telepathy the rest of the closets, drawers, and cabinets in all the rooms of my castle.
“Stang,” softly whispering, because I only see cleaning supplies and implements. So, I guess Rann was going to clean the mansion for me in the third time line. I giggle that Rann’s so nice and thoughtful sometimes. I sigh with true love.
Not in the seventh time line, but Rann does look very handsome while standing in middle that a Battle War Meeting with his battle warriors near the Maintenance Shop on asteroid Resort.
Rann’s secretly hidden cave, I secretly found with the secretly code, since I really wanted to hug his fine body and kiss his sweet face. But he wasn’t paying any attention to me, only the stupid War. I sigh with bitterness.
Another War of the Worlds! I believe I recall from childhood on Planet Earth that’s a fake movie, aliens attacking the world, seeing it on the Communications Globe at Starbuck Plantation. The Earthlings were not attacking those aliens, since these aliens were doing the attacking on the Earthlings. And the natives, here have nerve to call me “an alien.” I sigh with confusion.
Boom! Ping! These guys are still trying to climb into a squat horizontal peek-a-boo opening when I jerk upright a face and swan neck circulating air molecules inside a stuffy house. They are the aliens…naw….the dummies invading the Earthling as I snort out a light wind of air from a left nostril.
Ya know, I should capture and torture the aliens into giving me all that VIP data, giggling silly. I watch to many crime and police Hollywood movies as a young Earth-kid. Then, I mentally switch gears and remember. The cleaning equipment is located inside a bottom cabinet inside a storage closet, since I’m a great housekeeper….naw…great Tele. I T-jerk with Telekinesis opening the storage door in the hallway and elevate like magic, weapons, consisting of a dry mop, a stiff broom, and a tin bucket beside me. I wait then with annoyance then wait impatiently annoyance. I sigh with more annoyance.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-see ya boys, but I bet you can’t T-see me. I snort lightly then finally smell a stinky body fallen onto a dirty floor from an open window. He kneecaps slicing pretty almond-shaped eye sockets around a dark room while searching for a sign of slow or fast movement in a quiet house. I sigh with anticipation.
Party Crasher #1 slowly stands on boots then swiftly walks to a side of the sofa as I plan purposefully….naw…accidentally. I plant a sandaled left foot in his walking pathway as he stupidly trips and nosily lands on a big fat belly. Thump! Then I use both hands and nosily crack a skull with the metal bucket. Crack! Crunch!
Party Crasher #2 slows his gate and notices mysteriously that Party Crasher #1 lies like a dead person on the floor. He stops and leans over his pal with funny puzzlement scratching a big forehead with two dirty finger nails. I quickly punch a horizontal broom handle into his unprotected stomach. Thud! He doubles over with clear drool bubbling at an open mouth as I use the bucket on his hard head, too. Crack! The man lands on top of Party Crasher #2 as I hear with Tele-eardrums multiple sounds of bones breaking. Crunch! Crunch!
Party Crasher #3 is a smart-ass being smarter than his buddies, since I don’t hear any movement from a side window. I venture a peek-a-boo with eyeballs from atop of the sofa, while he patiently waits and interesting watches while standing his tallness in front of the window. His tallness and wideness blocks a moon bean with an elephant-sized frame while waiting for me to react. I sigh with pleasure.
Finally, some real action, I can finish this task and go back to bed, giggling silly. Since my arrival time into the seventh alien visit, my days and nights have been pretty dull and boring compared to the trouble Dirk arranges for me. Since, I’m an action…naw…an alien girl. I sigh with pride.
I leap, T-rex over the sofa as two legs twirl in the air like riding a bicycle…(really cool move)….While I fly like a kite towards an armed Male, who twirls like a baton a lead pipe vertical between ten finger pads and then stupidly charges like a bull. I forcefully grabs his right forearm and fling a body backwards into the open window, once I opened it with a T-flair of Telekinesis. The flower pots break. Crash! The pipe lands at the tip of my left sandal toe. Clang! I T-zap with Telekinesis pushing his legs out the window and hear from his lips, “Ahh!” He rolls backwards, head, first with boots in the air landing on a back. Thump! He’s out for the count. Zzzzz…
“Don’t mess with a pro?” I tease and giggle surveying my handy work being safe, but I have trash to dispose. I ponder my delicate situation then T-flair with Telekinesis levitating the two unconscious bandits into a big single garbage receptacle on the opposite side of the street in front of the Ice castle. I sigh with victory.
“Have a nice sleep, boys.” I yawn, ugly with an open mouth without covering lips, dusting pretend dirt from fluttering hands. I walk the front porch, since I’m tired with too much work for the day. Then, I slowly stroll upstairs, down the hallway, and into bed, wearing my pink clothes and pink shoes. I fall sound asleep.
Sunny sky. no clouds. 73ºF. early morning. I get up early for my first task, not resting well, after a vigorous exercise, last night. I soldierly stand at seven in the morning on the front porch searching for a bot and an air limo, since both are absent. Then I remember lots of memories that I am not an encryptionist, a noble, a lady, a commoner, a pilot, a slave or an employee, because I am retired from the world force. I lack a comfone. “Stang,” singing in clarinet music, since I can’t think of every single thing that I need in my life. Because, I use my brain cells save Rann’s precious bee_hind. I sigh with true love.
I gracefully swirl in pink shorts towards the archway and slowly stomp in high-heels towards the staircase, then slo mo tromp up each wide wooden plank towards my room. I slowly change my clothes, since I need to go shopping. Because, I conned Rita out of a nice sum of currs, giggling silly. Girls love to shop!
I change into a cutie-pie pink sundress with a great big bow wrapping around a waist. I prettily don a pair of new four-inched pink sandals with cutie-pie tiny bows on the side straps while tickling pinky toes along with a large pink bow in my waist-lengthy silver dirty hair. I apply a new application of pink-painted lipstick to soft flesh.
Then I stand in front of a full-length mirror looking adorable and wishing that Rann could see me, but he’s busy with the Civil War that I’m a part of anymore, sad but glad. Then, my psyche-mind subject changes like a mechanic gear into thinking that I like being a rich citizen with no work commitments to Dirk, Rita or even Rann. I giggle silly and exit the bedroom in new pink garments, gifts from Empress Rita. I sigh with joy.
I elegantly waltz on high summer sandals down the hallway, descend down the steps, and gracefully glide across the wooden floor, since four-inches are pretty dang high while trying to pace more a few steps. I breathe lovingly in and out and decide that I’ll stroll like a princess to the Royal Castle. Since, I’m going to tattle tale on the rude nasty smelly Creeps that attacked me, last night. Because Rita will be very upset, too, since she needs me for some more future assignments as the Royal Encrypto-girl, giggling silly.
We’re swell girl pals in this time line, but I don’t really want to be girl pals with her, too long, just for a little long. Since, I do need a friend. Because Rann’s not going to be my bestest friend but might’ve. Since, I got him “Lost in Space.” I snigger like sly fox. I sigh with deceit.
Yesterday, inside the secret case in disguise as a fake mechanic, I had re-programmed the entire fleet of communication accessing all the Sbots, using that damaged zipper’s console panel. I re-wired the electronic signal to shut down all the Master Comfone Bots on all the civilized Planets, giggling with delight. I slowly pace into a bright sunlight.
Rann and his warrior ships “were” going to invade Tech World and capture all the citizens to continue the stupid War. “Were” is the operative word, here, since they still drift silently and unhappily, but safely, some where in the dark cold reaches of outer space, being “lost in space.” I snigger like a sly fox. Rann will be lost, just for another day, I promise. I’m not going to harm the man I love and plan to marry, in the seventh time line, ending my wayward wandering waddling little body in trapped in a new space and time continuum. I sigh with true love.
I have executively decided that I want to delay this stupid War, until I figure out a final plan to stop the fighting and feuding between Rann and Dirk…now…Rann and Rita. Since I can’t find Dirk for some strange reason. So, I plan to do something phenomenal, before, I get caught by Rann, Dirk or Rita then hung by my pretty neck, like in the first time line. I sigh with capture.
I slowly pad high heels off the front porch, down the three steps admiring a beautiful day and hear birds singing. A cool breeze blows across the trees leaves and a series of white fluffy clouds dance across the baby blue horizon. Overall a pretty dang bright sunny day sightseeing on Planet Commerce, since I have stopped the War, giggling silly. I sigh with confidence.
red building. vanilla sidewalk. hot sunny day. eight in the morning. I note with inflamed nostrils and eyeballs along with eardrums, there’s a lack of flowing traffic along the yellow cobblestone street, no solar bikes, no air ships, no parade floats, and no air limos, making for a lovely day for a walk. I princessly pace on three-inched summer sandals down a long curvy vanilla-painted sidewalk to the Royal castle. I have already passed the castle of Ice, a white monster and the castle of Resort, an indigo palace while moving summer sandals beyond the castle of Bio, a red square. I see the castle of Militia, a silver rectangle, trucking like a bicycle towards Agri Castle, a green wood pile. My normal eyesight can view the castle of Sahara, a golden triangle as the gems shiny like firecrackers in a bright sun. I slowly advance my pace into a steady hip swing towards my final destination, the Royal castle, millions of green vines of purple flowers called something. I’m not really interested in discovering the Royal flora of Empress Rita. There are no guards outside a double set of entrance doors. I sighed with confusion.
So, I gingerly touch the knob, finding it stiff then turn a knob to the left, finding it locked. I back step on heels from a better universal view and see double purple painted and neatly trimmed wooden doors are closed, sealed, and shut. Then I T-scan with Telekinesis like an invisible mind-ghost while checking out interior walls and horizontal floors, finding it empty. I sigh with annoyance.
I pivot….since I don’t feel like pirouetting and walk, not stroll back on a vanilla sidewalk as a left eyeball sees a throng of gathered citizens lined like baby ducklings outside of the red building. The red building holds an interior orange auditorium for Royal announcements including but not limited to weddings, deaths, dances, balls, and other social events in the past alien lines, not a seventh time line. I sigh with adventure.
Jubilation Day! I have lost track of day and night tick-tock time jumping between the time lines and coupled with a new fact that Rita does things her way or….the highway, boy. I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with delight.
I bounce on almost 90 degreed slanted toe bones to the shortest line. I have to see Rita and finish my Royal business then spend the day shopping for stuff with a new curr account. I greet with a smile and a jiggle four females sitting eyeball even with me in the line next. Since the female in front of me is rude and ignores her social manners. I sing in flute. “Hello!”
“Shh,” a visible un-named Female sings in clarinet music without looking at my pretty freckles, so I lean into her space and smile.
“Jubilation Day!” I excite with fond six pass brain cell memories.
“Noo,” a visible un-named Female sings in clarinet music without looking at me.
“This line is for…,” dumping with a pretty smile and bounce on sandal toes for fun amusement.
“The Empress….,” a visible un-named Female informs without a smile or a nod of a rear skull to me.
“I’m in the right place,” sharing with my new un-friendly while bobbing my curls, bouncing on sandal toes ready to visit Rita. I plan to rat-tattle on those bad guys, rudely slumping shoulder blades into stomach muscles, a very bad habit. Grandma Starbuck noted, noticed and corrected by popping a right hand against my spinal cord. I hear soft mumbles, watching the black houseflies fight over a brown giggling earthworm on green grass, seeing a gray squirrel fight with the red bird then wins the brown worm. I feel a hot sun shift from eight to nine in the morning to ten in the afternoon, lunchtime. The galaxy is based on a twenty-hour day. My short line has shuffled forward by two steps, two paces, and two people. I sigh with annoyance.
I tap a right sole on the hard vanilla concrete folding naked arms over a cute dress bow while whining like I stepped a right sandal in an old pile of cat shit, “What’s going on?”
“The Empress,” a visible un-named Female names then turns an ugly face while smiling at me.
“I have a real emergency,” confessing like a baby doll wussie as visible un-named Female just stares and smiles at me. So, I turn a face towards the front of the building and get out of line and tenderly tippy toe on three-inched summer sandals to peek-a-boo over skulls of citizens. I’m too short.
I nosily land on heels swaying a body side to side then balance using Telekinesis. I need to see Rita, immediately and tattle about my attack then go shopping. Since I need lots of new stuff for my new castle such as lots of bots for lots of domestic work that I don’t plan to do I need two ships, three comfones, four comlens, and tons of new furniture in the Living Room, all the Bedrooms, and the Dining Room as well as pretty dishes and good cooking pots for food and a long mental list of other items. I sigh with rush.
“Stang,” softly whispering as a visible un-named Female snaps an ugly face at me. Since I like using that “special” word when miffed, but don’t really know the “special” meaning.
I bet she does while forget her and leave my princess position in the vertical line. I rapidly pace summer sandals through the grass, since the walking concrete occupies with citizens, coolers, and chairs like a flipping sporting tail gate party on Planet Earth. I advance towards a front shaded canopy of the red Building, the only freaking entrance into the Auditorium with Rita. “Whoa,” singing in piccolo and suddenly stop as three Gbots plus four flesh and blood Royal Honor Guard Units, that’s seven machines. Each carry a drawn maser and a sheath sword on a utility belt, pointed and posted at six different entrance doors of the Building while guarding the interior Lobby of the Auditorium. I stare with terror at the unfriendly group. I sigh with doom.
“I guess I’ll just wait my turn,” wording with meek soft piano then back step on heels in the soft grass far away from the armed and angry Guards. I swing a body advancing back to my princess spot in the line then gingerly touch a red shirt sleeve of the Male who stands in my precious spot. Since, I’m a smart-ass.
“Hey,” a visible un-named Male spits salvia and shouts baritone in my freckles as I swiftly tap sandals from another slime attack.
“What?” I smart-ass while holding arms out and parallel to the grass, then he rudely direct points a dirty index finger in my freckles.
“Breaking in line,” he thumbs with a folded fist towards the end of the line and commands. “Go to the back end for your turn at seeing the Empress.” I jab a manicured index finger at his boot toes, since they stand in my princess spot and.
I holler to the world, “I was standing…right here, sir.” Then I rudely finger point at the visible un-named Female that’s unkind but smart. I challenge, “Ask her, sir?” The visible un-named Female snaps an ugly face at me, smirking and.
She bad breaths in my freckles, “You move. You lose.” I drop my mouth like a hungry shark as both visible un-named Male and Female laugh their asses off at my freckles. I park folded fists on a waist.
“What?” I smart-ass.
“If you move from your spot, then the next citizen takes it,” a visible un-named Female clearly explains that stupid rule while bobbing a skull up and down along with the visible un-named Male. They both snigger like a pair of sly foxes and disagree with me, while I stand there and take it.
The visible un-named Male bad breathes with yellow teeth leaning into my freckles, “You’re breaking into my spot. Move back to the end of this line, before I motion for the guard.” Then, he glides an arm in front of my freckles, wiggling five finger pads as two teacup-shaped eyeballs of a robot named ‘Gbot’ catches a flashy flesh-pale hand gesture. Then, one of the serious flesh and bulky Guards leaves a front line post as I purse lips, tightly and get ready to march back to the end of the line. I sigh with defeat.
I gracefully whirl my sundress to the right, since I’m not a noble, one and two, I can’t order visible un-named Male or Female to move, to leave or to die. Since, I’m not a noble repeating my mental thoughts for a  second, third….eleventh….twenty-sixth time while slowly walking passed all the sour faced citizens standing in the hot sun. Since we have gathered together, here in the hot sun as I silently count each sour face until I reach the number thirty-fifth position from my original princess position. I sigh with more fury.
I stand folding both hands under sweaty armpits while pouting cute-like and ponder that I should come back later in the bright heated day. My Tele senses ping. NO!
The vertical line of sour faced-citizens will be longer. I don’t know when Rita ends the Royal session for the day, since time is approaching eleven in the afternoon, passed lunchtime. The heat, wind, and temperature weather is getting hot from a bright yellow sun. I sigh with hotness.
I notice with eyeballs citizens have large pretty blue coolers with colorful food and cold sweaty beverages as they sit their asses inside chairs, in the grass, inside the dead flower beds, and along the concrete sidewalk. I’m not properly prepared for this sudden situation. I don’t have anything but my cute wrinkled pink sundress with my cute bows and my new pink sandals with the cuter bows and a big bow in my long hair, no hat and no sunglasses blocking rays of hot heat from my freckles. I sigh with infuriation.
And I haven’t eaten food this morning…well…I don’t have food to eat. Since I’m planning to go shopping, but my first plan is to meet and greet Rita for a brief talk about some additional protection for her favored citizen…(that’s me). Then I’ll leave the castle and have a picnic at my “acquired” swimming pool attacked to my “acquired” castle after my expensive shopping spree from “acquired” currs, giggling. But, I’m getting a sun tan, now. I sigh with aggravation.
I unladylike plop on a sundress hemline onto a warm vanilla-colored concrete waiting impatiently. I press both palms into a face for…1 seconds….40 seconds…10 minutes then stand on three-inched sandals and then move forward on three-inched sandals. Then I plop on a bee_hind onto the vanilla-colored concrete for…1 second….150 seconds….12 minutes then stand. I have reached a tippy top of short dark shadow extending a real cloth canopy after 45 minutes feeling the cool shade relief a sun burn. I sigh with relief.
I prettily sweat water downward from a forehead into two armpits between the sundress while dripping down two naked legs towards ten pink-painted tiny toes. Sniff! Sniff! I smell the disgusting odor of me along with the other hundreds of sweating citizens in the hot sun. I sigh with irritation.
At the three in the afternoon, I’m inside a cool temperature building but standing, some progress. Since Rita is cheap-chick, no chairs, no tables, and no additional bleacher seating. A tiny breeze of cool air conditioning blows around citizens’ hair roots while sitting on the floor, leaning on each other for misery. Because, no comfort here…(yeah, baby). The food carts line against three and one half of the four walls with a set of personal Royal Honor Guard Units right up into both sides of Rita’s earlobes. My nostrils taste the fresh and good smelling food in exchange for monetary currs, which I don’t have. But I do possess without the aid of a mini-bot to access the currs that I do have. I sigh with strategy.
In the seventh time line, I beat all the odds of no job, no shelter, no currs, because I’m a very wealthy citizen on Commerce. Since I blackmailed Rita into placing 40-million currs in a bot account for my greedy needs in exchange for the stopping her War with my Rann. My plan and I are both brilliant, sniggering like a sly fox. I sigh with true love.
But, I cannot access my money funds, without a bot, so I need to buy a mini-bot, first. However, I cannot buy a bot, without moving from this line. So, I have to get more protection for me in case of another attack, tonight. And I cannot move from this line, without the needed protection for my life, tonight. Since, the burglars are after my many million currs, which I possess, because I know and I need protection, first. I sigh with dizziness.
Therefore, Rita can provide me with security, immediately, once I see her ugly face. Well, she has a pretty face but ugly heart, the told truth. And finally I can see half of her pretty face within my princess position in the shorter vertical line.
That’s the prettiest sight in Commerce’s history as she sits like a dog…naw…a doll on a golden Throne chair in a baby blue dress looking comfortable and fit, while I sweat like a plantation pig and smell like a baby plantation piglet. I giggle with humor. I sigh with annoyance.
The visible un-named Female, in front of me, talks to an invisible un-named Male, in front of her, asking, “When did he die?”
“Last week,” Male words, “I cannot bury my father until Rita approves the death certificate.”
The visible un-named Female bobs a skull up and down with agreement and comments. “The process is the same for everyone. Rita must stamp it before the dead can be properly buried in their grave plots.” I busybody and listen to the private chat.
“The dead!?” I sing in piccolo music in the Female’s left eardrum as she swings a face to me with a set of dead pan straight pin lips.
“This is the line for dead citizens,” the visible un-named Female explains as I drop my mouth like a hungry shark.
“Dead citizens?” I repeat.
“The dead needs an approval stamp from Empress Rita to be official dead.” The visible un-named Female giggles with sick humor from that rude comment, while the Male chuckles along with her. I sigh with morbid.
“I’m here for an urgent matter about life, not death.” I clarify trying to lighten my depressed mood and avoid any more discussion of ‘dead citizens.’
The visible un-named Male crinkles a forehead, ugly and voices. “Life matters?”
“You’re in the wrong line, honey,” she grins and giggles without me.
“Wrong line?” I sing in piccolo music, staring at her.
“What’s your problem, girly?” The visible un-named Male inquires.
“My life, I mean, I was attacked last night. I need protection.” I explain and smile.
“Protection! You do not need to be in this line. This is the death line.” Female shares.
Male rudely finger points to his right and my left, saying, “You need to be over there in the third line.” I look at the third line which is far away from this line with lots more citizens standing, sitting and cursing.
“Third line!?” I repeat, because I’m not dumb, just numb with sun and no fun. I sigh with annoyance.
“The line for Emergencies,” Male updates into my freckles as I back step on summer sandals heels from the Death Line. I stomp over grass and bodies then soldierly stand last in the “Life Line,” longer and hotter than the “Death Line.” I sigh with more annoyance.
I wait, wait, and wait as the comlen hits six in the evening. I face Rita without my smile and my bounce as Rita greets with a friendly smile, since she has good manner for being an evil noblette. “Starra, how nice to see you? What can I do for you?”
“I was attacked last night in my castle.” I start.
“That’s terrible.” She calmly expresses, smiling.
“I need protection.” I command.
“I agree. You do indeed!” She adds, bobbing a tiara at me, still smiling.
“Can you provide security personnel?” I ask.
“No!” She sings in clarinet music and doesn’t smile.
“No?” I sing in flute music.
“Starra, you’re no longer in my service.” She declares and smiles.
“I see.” I sing in oboe music.
“You provided a valuable service to me. I rewarded you, very well I might add.” She finishes, smiling.
“I see.” I sing in clarinet music.
“I suggest using your new found wealth to hire security guards around your new residence.” She suggests and smiles as I twist my evil thoughts along with my pretty skull to the new Captain of her Royal Honor Guard Unit. I smile brightly to the cute guy. I sigh with lesson.
“How many currs for your service of protection of me?” I end with a tweet and giggle of delight as the Captain smiles and bobs a skull, happily at my request.
Rita waves a right hand at me, fumes with angry and doesn’t smile anymore. “Wait…not my guards.”
“50,000 currs,” The Captain voices in tenor saxophone as I bob my curls for the acknowledgement.
“I will triple your current wages,” I promise and smile as the Captain grins biggy and bobs a skull up and down like a farm pony.
“I accept,” The Captain agrees, winking an eyelid, left at me with a stupid flirt. I’m in love with Rann, but Rann isn’t here to protect me. So I accept his wink and his warrior skills.
“Take me for triple my current wages, too.” The other Royal Guard next to the Captain announces with a very big surprise. Good idea! I need twice the amount of protection for my body. I sigh with victory.
“Alright, I’ll hire both of you for my protection. Come along!” I grin with a wicked pearly white smile and announce, “Good idea, Empress.” I leave her eye sight with my new twin protectors trailing behind me like a pair of Woof puppies. I giggle, since I have my protection. I sigh with brilliance.
Starra’s castle. Living room, red and yellow sunset. 62ºF. evening. I walk…not pace…and double measure the square footage inside the Living Room for my new furniture. Since I have instructed my private security team to round up furniture, food, bots, comlens, comfones, and a ship for my personal use, and comfort. After all, I’m rich, free, and bored while I watch the birds catch worms on the ground, then the squirrels play up and down the tree. And then the sun sink down into a dark horizon, then the bright stars in a dark sky twinkles at me. The sun disappears and the moon glows romantically over Commerce, while I think only of “death” for my newly privately hired security guards. I sigh with trouble.
Death is inside my mind but hunger is inside my tummy as it continues to rumble from the lack of food. I don’t have access to my currs, without a mini-bot. I hear heavy foot pads, dashing like a race horse in naked feet, slamming open the wood as the door bell sounds like a fog horn. Bong! Bong! My paid twin Honor Guards stand at attention in their wrinkled clothes and sad faces along with being emptied handed. I sigh with fury.
“I don’t see supplies.” I address, blocking my petiteness inside the front door’s archway.
“Uh…,” sings the Captain in tenor saxophone, staring eyelids at me and eyeballs at the flooring.
“There’s a back order of shipments.” The other Royal Guard offers in baritone, staring eyeballs and a smile at me.
“Back order, that’s okay?” I forgive until the supplies arrive, tomorrow night.
“Okay!” The Captain smiles and claps hands with happiness.
“Did you place the request?” I ask in monotone flute, slicing eyeballs between the two.
“Yes, Milady.” The other Royal Guard acknowledges in baritone and a smile.
“How long to see supplies?” I can’t believe I’m putting more words into my sentences then them.
“Six months!” The Captain informs.
“Six months!?” I sing in piccolo music, adding fugly ugly distorted eyeballs, mouth, and earlobes. I can distort my earlobes, being a talented Tele to wrinkle and giggle at ya.
“I’ll not have a bot for six months.” I just want to be clear about that last set of words which doesn’t tell me much more, but no bot.
“The ship is a year.” The other Royal Guard adds.
“Stang!” I sing in piccolo music.
“The problem’s that the War supplies come before a private citizen’s requests.” The Captain finally gives me some more info.
“Stang!” I sing in piccolo music, since Rita has done it to me, again. Well, I have my T-powers, so I’ll just steal a bot and a ship. I sigh with getting even.
“Uh…,” the Captain hums in tenor saxophone music.
“What?” I smart-ass with folded fists parked on a sundress waist.
“Payment for our services,” The other Royal Guard tattles.
“Yes, of course, you performed some valiant work for me, today.” I guess since I don’t have a bot, but one is on order, just like waiting on Santa Clause at Christmastime.
“We request half in advance of our future service to you.” The other Royal Guard dares to incite me with fury.
“In advance, why?” I question that stupid statement.
“The impending War, Lady Starra.” The Captain slicks that very good response I admit.
“Yes, of course. War produces increased curr rates.” I don’t, of course, understand that illogical statement. But I do need their protection for the night, not the bot or food, which I can live without until tomorrow.
“Lots of increases in the prices…,” the other Royal Guard words funny as I twist lips, ugly and slam both hands against a pretty pink sundress.
“Okay…,” singing in flute music as the Captain wrinkles a forehead, ugly with concern and elbows his pal.
“You do possess the entire monetary sum you promised the both of us.” The Captain dares to test Lady Starra as I coolly smile.
“Yes, I do, gentlemen. I don’t have a bot to access my curr account.” I explain the logical truth, so they can get paid when I get my mini-bot. In the past alien time lines, I have had some type of noble connection or I simply worked for my currs. Today, I have currs but no electronic access capability to my account which is full with millions of currs if the access is easy with the use of a mini-bot. I sigh with riches.
“Not a problem, if you really have the currs to cover our expenses for the day.” The Captain dares to word that stupid sentence in my freckles which attacks my character and my integrity. I sigh with danger.
The other Royal Guard magically slides a new silver-tinted mini-bot in the air waves from his back slightly shaking it before my lips, since I’m petite to their tallness and offers. “I have a mini-bot. You can transfer the currs to me.” He grins and giggles, while I should buy his mini-bot. Actually, I should knock him over the head and steal it. I sigh with deception.
I jerk the mini-bot from the air, typing in my secret password and more secret curr account and ask, “How much?”
“1,000,000 currs,” the Captains blackmails with a sweet smile on a cute face as I drop my mouth like a hungry shark then close it faster than a rattlesnake while staring at his cute face. He doesn’t resemble Dirk.
“One…million…currs.” I staccato in flute music.
“Each,” the other Royal guard adds with a slick smirk, bobbing a skull up and down like a farm pony.
“I paid for your requested backup order of supplies, consisting of three bots, a ship, a comlen and a comfone for you. Is that okay, Starra?” The Captain clarifies my overly big curr blackmail payment as I bob my curls. I type on the mini-bot for a transfer into his curr account, which popped up like a springtime daisy.
“Yes, that’s okay….,” not really as the Earth axiom silently invades my mind. What comes around goes around? I had blackmailed Rita for the currs. Now, her guards are blackmailing me for supplies, which I do not possess, at the moment, but most desperately need for the next set of tomorrows. So, I tap the math number of 2,000,000 currs into the mini-bot and press the ‘send’ button. A message appears that reads: Transmission Complete. I sigh with fury.
I flip flop the heavy mini-bot into the air with a right hand and a T-touch of Telekinesis as the Captain quickly grabs it with a left hand and doubles checks with eyeballs and neurons the electronic confirmation, 2,000,000 currs. He slowly words with smiling lips, “Thanks, Starra for your generosity.” He’s lucky that I’m only in a bad mood, not a nasty one. Since he’d not be grinning like a plantation rat, not be grinning at all, because he’d be dead. I’d have killed him with my bare hands.
Calm down and count backwards from ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Zero.
The other Royal Guard back steps a left foot from the archway and greets with a big smile, “Good night, Starra!” I step a right naked foot out of the archway towards both paid guards.
“Leaving?” I ask, folding naked arms over the cute bow, arching an eyebrow, right.
“We’re very tired from the evening’s journey. We will see you, tomorrow morning.” The Captain explains then bows at a waist as taught by Prince Rann. Since they were former Prison Guards on Planet Sahara as I drop my mouth like a hungry shark along with both arms to kneecaps.
“I need protection for the evening hours,” worrying about my skull, my neurons, and my body as the Captain shakes a skull side to side and.
He explains to me, “That’s not our standard working shift. We perform services, during the day and afternoon, not for any evening nighttime hours.” I have been duped, as well as, blackmailed while I purse lips, tightly.
“I see,” singing in clarinet music as they back step boots from me. Each gentlemanly bows at a fit waist then soldierly pivot on heels, leaving the front porch of my dilapidated Bonita castle and me. I’m so careless and reckless with my new executive powers, since I should’ve created an employment contract with these guys, before I hired them to do my bidding.
I’m not a good business woman. Hold the comfone! I’m a very good and successful business woman as a farmer on Starbuck Plantation on Earth. I miss my real home, my real family and my real…Earth friends. I sigh with sorrow.
I slowly back step on naked toes into the archway, closing the wood then pad upstairs. Since, I’m tired, exhausted, and disappointed about my security arrangements. I spent all afternoon and most of the evening hours cleaning up the mess from the burglar visitation, last night, before I got hoodwinked out of both my two million currs and my food supplies. I sigh with depression.
The broken window, the broken pots, and the cleaning implements were scattered across the inside floor, and outside patio as I used my T-powers and all my conventional physical limbs of  hands, finger, arms, legs, knees, and feet to clean. I started at seven in the morning and ending the evening at eleven. That’s a very long day as I change into pink soft silk pajamas.
“Tomorrow is a new day,” cheerleading with a smile, since I’m retired and rich. I plan to go to the vendor market and purchase some painting supplies for the Living Room. Pink. My new theme color for my new castle as I yawn, ugly on a tired face inside a warm and cozy bed. I sigh with pinkness.
Day 142. bedroom. T-storm. Rain. 100% precipitation. early morning. BOOM! CRACK! CLAP! I blink eyelashes once, twice then thrice in total darkness of early hours in the dawn from a bright light and a louder noise. Rain storm. I roll over on a stomach I have already fought in the thunderstorm and won, last night, just like in the first time line, then in the second time line, I lost and was kidnapped. I sigh with repeat.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
“Stang!” I sing in soft piano lady buy crawling on fours (palms and kneecaps) off the bed onto the carpet. Since, I’m not fully restored to a normal hundred percent healthy selfie by fighting with T-powers the previous last night, standing in the hot sun, and cleaning inside house.
I’m a Tele, not a waterfall. Since, I don’t keep going, and going, and going. I have to eat, sleep, rest, bath, poop, and practice to keep my normal and abnormal senses in shape and at peak performance. I had lounged in the hot sun for hours, without food and water.
Then, I was insulted by Rita after I confronted her for help, before I stole and hired two highly intelligent weasels which suckered me into giving them each one million currs, without food. I read the invoices typing my secret account number into a “borrowed” mini-bot. Then, I had to clean my own big overgrown and audacious mansion from the messy and sloppy attackers. This time, I hope the robbers use their own masers, instead of their hands and feet. Since, I plan to steal one and kill ‘em all, snarling like a capture alligator. I sigh with robbery.
I slowly place a pink silk blouse over curls, hurting from thinking…way too much, while my hands are very sore and stiff from performing…way too much manual labor, without the use of machines. I slowly close the tiny hard plastic buttons on a soft pink cotton top. My arms, legs, back, shoulders, and feet are aching with pain from standing on the hard ground, on the hard floor, and walking on the hard concrete sidewalk for hours yesterday. I sigh with pain.
Bang! Bang! I soldierly lump beside a bed mattress while listening, too many multiple animal sounds located downstairs. The robbers trot like race horses through the Living Room then the stairs creepy creak within my Tele-eardrums, since they jog hard dirty soles of booted feet upstairs for a lovely frontal attack with four dummies, instead of three. I sigh with toil.
I limp a tired body inside the lavatory and then bolt the dang bathroom door and lock it with a T-zap of Telekinesis. I pull a T-shield around me and the door frame. Bang! Bang! Bang! Three dummies are murdering the bedroom door with a hard club as I feel the air waves of strong energy pushing me backwards towards wall. Hold steady! I demand within my Tele-mind. Bang! Bang! Bang! I need weapons, just my bad luck the robbers carry no masers. I have another brilliant idea T-probing the upper bed rooms with Teleclairvoyance and discover furniture, curtains, my new weapons.
I T-probe using Teleclairvoyance the lower residential rooms finding that the Kitchen contains appliances, but I can’t use the appliances as weapons. Since, I do need to eat, when I get a bot and food. The broken sofa.
The sofa was attacked in the first time line by the first set of attackers, then Rex purchased another sofa for me. In the second time line with a second set of attackers, they attacked my sofa, again. The piece of furniture is still missing three legs and rippled and torn on four…naw….all sides, and at the top of the head rests, working perfectly for my new plan. I sigh with victory.
I T-pull with Telekinesis thick parts of the old wood from the wooden frame and T-lift the two heavy seat pillows and the detached two back rests into the air. Then, I aim and fire as four pieces of dirty cloth sail like a flock of seagulls up the steps, down the hall, and tackle with silliness the four different robbers. I giggle with a girly twang seeing a swift girly battle within my Tele-view. Thud! One body hits a closed door as the pillow smothers a face, then she faints into darkness.
“Good night, sleep tight,” teasing and continue to watch via Tele-view of Teleclairvoyance. I whack a pillow over his skull until a body collapses upon the wood in the hallway away from my bedroom door. Thud!
“Another one bites the dust.” I body count viewing the silly action then cheerlead, “Leave already!” I need more hard head weapons, giggling silly then hear and feel the air waves viciously change with my Teleclairvoyance. Bang! Bang! Bang!
The two conscious robbers bang the wood off the bedroom door, weakening the strength of the door as I violently T-tore apart the rest of broken sofa creating two long 6 feet x 5 feet stripes of soft foam matting from the bottom of the sofa along with four hard wooden staves, measures 2 feet x 4 feet from the rest of the busted bottom frame. The weapons T-rise with Telekinesis launching like a set of programmed surface missiles on the two citizens. Ping! Pong! Ping! Pong!
The cloth and wood clobbers like a drilled rifle and gun corps my un-welcomed guests as I narrate in flute music the outside violence in my blinded eyeballs, not T-eyeballs, “Take that, fool! Take this, foolish!” I yell from inside a cozy and safe lavatory, since no one is going to get through that door, tonight.
Because, I might be tired, but I am mighty miffed. Then, the noise suddenly stops as I quickly drop the homemade weapons to the floor. Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! I hear beautifully heavy foot pads descending down the steps as they leave running out a window. Crash! Another broken window! 
Geez, I just cleaned the house last night. Today, I get to clean up the mess, later as I slam open the wood and truck into a cold bed sheet, falling peacefully asleep.
Living Room. sunny sky. Partly cloudy. 75ºF. morning. “What…a…mess?” I staccato in a new nasty baritone flute seeing the front door wide open like a wild college sorority party with a broken hinge on the bottom corner of the door frame. Puddles of dirty water, like a plantation creek feeding the cows, and many broken garden plants, like an ugly flower show, glisten beautifully across a dirty floor. Glass is broken between the window panes, flooring, and attaches weirdly like an alien invasion to the east and west walls, while the sofa’s many baby pieces of wood parts and long strands of pretty white stuffing decorates nicely across the Living Room as well as climbing like a snake up each wooden step. Then baby sofa pieces lounge lazy along the wooden hallway, and finally rests like a drunk boyfriend at the foot of my bedroom door. I sigh with more toil.
I immediately set up for a massive attack task of cleaning the house, again viciously slamming open the storage closet with a right hand. Eyeballs see nothing. Out of supplies! Yesterday, I had used all of the bed linens for the water spill, and all the paper products for the green plant stains, and all the rusty nails for the broken door. And I do not have any food. I sigh with annoyance.
I slowly climb one dirty step at a time with naked toe bones to the bedroom, changing into a pretty pink sundress with a hat, wide rim covering tired and red eyes. My new pink sneakers wrap nicely around my aching feet, while I vainly stare at me in the mirror. I look pretty, except for an angry wolf-like two red eyes from working, a swollen jaw bone from the sunburn, two sunken cheek bones from not eating. My legs and feet are swollen from standing on the hard cement sidewalk for hours in high-heeled painful sandals. I sigh with pain.
I need supplies to clean the house, so I decide to go to one of the many vendor booths inside the auditorium. I saw them, yesterday waiting on Rita. I can purchase some items for the house and for me. Food! I will most definitely absolutely purchase food, first. I walk out in cozy pink sneakers using a side door and using a garage door for exiting the grand mansion, just like a Commoner. Since, I don’t own a bot or a bike or boat. And the front door home-made fix it, ya’ll will not last the day or night, if I continue to open and close the door on that busted hinge. I sigh with embarrassment.
Auditorium. yellow sun. baby blue sky. 68ºF. morning. I walk, snail-like but steady inside the soft grass on tender calves hurriedly rushing by the Ice castle, the Bio castle, the Uni castle, and the Royal castle strolling into the Auditorium. “Water,” croaking-froggy-like within a dry tight throat, leaning both sweaty arms on a clean counter of the first Vendor on my left, without a pretty smile and a desperate eye stare.
“30 currs,” Vendor-man maths, not smile but curr amount.
“30 currs,” repeating softly for a bottle of six ounces of water, and ask “Do you possess a bot for me to use?”
“No!” He sings in baritone tuba.
“No!” I repeat and inform, “I need a bot to transfer the currs to your account.”
“No!” He repeats.
“No!” I repeat and share with a smile. “I have the currs.”
“Produce them?” He demands without a smile.
“They’re in the curr account. If you lend me your mini-bot, I can access them.” I offer.
“You might, or you might not?” He quotes then folds hands under armpits.
“What?” I smart-ass.
“Produce currs or leave?” He firmly challenges then quickly motions with a left hand to the Royal Honor Guard standing three feet from our public conversation as I smoothly back step on sneakers a body from that nasty Vendor-man.
“Stang!” I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings while swinging a body to the next Vendor-cart with the same vocal rejection. I shuffle sneakers and test a third Vendor, fourth, fifth, and finally a sixth Vendor-cart. “The same broken record…” moaning with defeat, since the Vendors want the real golden triangles, not the invisible electronic currs without a mini-bot. I sigh with hunger.
I stumble a body to a left then to a right in my cute, but can’t eat pink sneakers, when a right eyeball sees him, not Rann. Since, he “was” in cold outer space about two days, ago, but, now he is safely back home on his “heart moon” residence, where that locates is still a mystery to me….(giggles)…and Rita. In this time line, Rann doesn’t know that I exist as his girlfriend….naw….his saboteur inside the secret cave. I giggle with a girly twang.
I tango on sneakers towards my two overpaid and under-utilized Body guards, standing around a Food Vendor-cart while laughing, drinking, talking, and flirting with a two cute girls. I waddle like a duck, since I’m weak from food on sneakers while donning a wide brimmed hat that hides a swollen sunburned multiply facial features, snarling like a capture alligator. Then, I smile sweetly.
I whisper sexy, since I can’t talk any higher than a husky tang, “Hey, guys!” My tight throat is dry, while my mouth is thirsty, my stomach is growling along with my taste buddies water over a chicken sandwich. I love chicken. I want chicken. I hunger chicken. I sigh with food.
“How ya doing….Starra?” The Captain asks after taking a few seconds to figure out me with that loaded question, since I’m doing awful, terrible, and miserable.
“O…kkk,” croaking like a sick frog.
“Good.” The other Royal Guard compliments then giggles like a turkey at a cute girl touching his chicken….(what’da ya think I was going to describe).
“Morn…tin….,” is the best I can communicate as a sick frog.
“It is,” the Captain of the twin guards agrees while smiling and pinching a cute girl’s tanned leg, while she dances to his left side and giggles like an annoying circus clown.
“Woooork…,” is required since I paid ya’ll my precious currs, yesterday. I bull-dog stare at the Captain wondering if my Telepathy still works as the other Royal Guard smiles and flirts with a second cute girl wrapping her floppy flappy fatty naked arms around his left shoulder and.
The Captain proudly announces in tenor, “We’ve retired from working.”
“Meee!?” I croak like a sick frog.
“We were going to stop by, this afternoon and tell ya,” the Captain shares while sharing a straw of red swirling fruity drink with the cute girl.
“Thankssss…,” hissing like a snake.
“Since, you’re here, I can officially tell you…now…,” the other Royal Guard starts.
“….we quit,” the Captain finishes then giggles at the silly girl. I do not speak, move, breathe for…1 second…2 seconds…then breathe many air molecules. I feel furious, tired, hunger, and murder. So, I go to jail, at least I’ll get food and water. I sigh with revenge.
Then, my mighty brain cells kick in as I croak, froggy-like, “Drink?” I T-kick my little suggestion with a touch of Telepathy into a weak-minded fool’s brain as he smiles and cuddles the cute girl with two taunt biceps.
“Since, we’re retired due to your generous offer to serving you for the first and only time, we can buy ya lunch.” He smiles with my Telepathic suggestion while bouncing the mental words around his mush brain cells. He picks out a sandwich with a large beverage and then pays the Vendor-female with three real golden shiny currs.
I should steal all his…naw…my currs back then beat the shit of them behind the dark side of the building, instead stretch arms out and touch food. My hands cuddle it to a body like a precious baby, swinging a face towards the archway for home.
“Thankssssss….,” hissing like a snake while walking away from the wheezing weasels. I tore off the wrapping paper quickly and consume half the large delicious sandwich in three bites. Then I re-wrap the other half of the food, since I might need it later this evening or tomorrow. I sigh with fear.
I drink half the water in the short bottle slowly walking to the Agri Vendor-booth purchasing a new door and door fixtures for the front of the “acquired” castle plus a single piece of candy from her vendor-cart, waiting for the confirmation of the delivery in three working days. I might be alive, then. The woman would not let me access more currs than the full payment of the merchandise, since she didn’t carry food. The nice clerk informs me the Food Vendors has food for sale. I know, very well. I sigh with worry.
Living Room. bright stars. partly cloudy. No rain. 61ºF. night. I walk back on sneakers to the mansion, late evening. The sun is down, and the moon is up. I finish woofing down the rest of the chicken sandwich and the bottle of warm water. It’s hot, here in this time line, number seven. Is it summer? Is it autumn? I don’t know. I’m disillusioned from lack of food. I reach the front of house, forgetting that I can’t use the front door of the castle. I sigh with aggravation.
I backtrack and use the garage entrance to the house, dark, cold, lonely. I fling pink sneakers to a dirty floor, since feet hurt and ache, moaning from pain. During my outing at the Vendor-carts, I had tried to use another nasty citizen’s mini-bot to access my currs, failed epic.
I walked around the entire red Building covering every inch of the orange Auditorium talking to every Vendor-cart about my dilemma. No one helped. Worse of all, my feet has developed raw patches from the weight of a tired body and thick leather rubbing against two bare ankles.
I desire sleep, eat, and rest, so I flip a light switch to the “on” position inside the Kitchen. Nothing! I sigh with frustration.
I flip a light switch to the “off “position, then the “on” position. Nothing! “Stang,” yelling in bass flute. No power! 
“Use Tele power,” moaning with weak thoughts. I flash back mentally into a second time line when I arrived at the Bonita castle. The house did not have electricity. I lighted the entire house with my power of Telemetabolics.
I closed my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-slap sore and tender hands, together causing a small stream of heat from Telemetabolics. I’m really tired with limited Tele powers, until I get more food, more rest, and more help. I sigh with annoyance.
I place both hands on a beige-painted wall in front of the light switch. Nothing! “Stang,” yelling in angry. I stumble on naked feet to the electricity power box inside the Garage in the dark, tripping twice. I slam open a cool metal panel with a left hand. The box shows to gray eyes no lighted green indicators for go and work some energy inside each individual red circuit. No indicator lights are functioning. The indicators are black. The circuits are dead. I touch one of the circuits, hoping not to get electrified. I won’t, because I feel dead, anyways.
I’m so tired, drained, and exhausted. If I got shocked, I probably won’t feel it, until tomorrow or the day after that. I gurgle like a lizard, clearing a dry throat. I sigh with survival.
I reach a major conclusion, no power, since the circuit is working, but there is no juice. I must have a major malfunction in the power line. The power line is located outside the house on the street corner.
I stumble on naked feet out of a dark Garage, tripping twice into the grass and then cross a hard beige cement sidewalk to a high silver metal transformation pole. I gingery touch the pole with both hands and T-plow using Telemetabolics and feel electricity humming through the lines to other home or business structures. I focus Telepathy right on a live electricity in the pole following the flow with a tired mental mind, not a hand. It stops before it reaches the circuits of my power box bolted inside the mansion. The circuits are alive, since I have confirmed that power theory. So, the pole has electricity, but the electricity stops right before it hits the circuit inside the power box. But the circuits are functioning properly inside the power box of my mansion. I sigh with total confusion.
I walk and return back into a dark garage, carefully stepping into the Living Room, sitting on the broken sofa. Think. Think slow. Think slower.
The power is not flowing into the lines, because it has been removed. Not removed. Eliminated.
Not eliminated. Turned off. Yeah! Stopped. That’s it. The power has been stopped, on purpose.
“Sabotage,” softly whispering, since my attackers are using a new innovative method to get to my currs. I sigh with protection.
The power comes from the Bot Control on Commerce, since bots control everything, including the power, the poles, the lines, and the flow of electricity to and from the building and structures. There must be a problem with Bot Control. That’s it, since I’m a genius.
If I had a comfone I could call and find out how long the electricity will be down. I walk to the open window, compliments of the last set of attackers. I see the Ice Castle has power, the old school of yesteryears, but currently holds the natives visiting on Commerce. The Bio castle has power, too. I walked on naked feet outside the Garage, tripping twice. The overhead lights lining the yellow cobblestone street has power, also. I crossed the street and turn to view my “acquired” Bonita castle, no power. The house is dark and all alone at the end of the street, however the other noble castles, the street lamps, and the yard flood lights have bright flowing yellow-whitish electricity beams. Well, that blows my theory of a power problem at Bot Control. The air is hot making a hot and heated night. I sigh with worry.
If I don’t have electricity then I won’t get air ventilation to cool a tired, aching, and sweaty body. I sigh with frustration.
I plan to walk naked…with feet to the Bot Control Station, tomorrow morning, screaming and complaining about with non-noble but wealthy status. I sigh with disappointment.
Sniff! Sniff! I smell stinky, a cool refreshing flow of water over a tired body will relieve my problems for the night. I tumble on naked feet back into a dark house and stumble upstairs.
I undressed from a cute pink sundress placing a pink robe over a dirty body, stumbling into a dark lavatory. I turn a smooth tub knob clockwise for cold fresh water. Nothing! I turn knob counter clock wise. Nothing! I sigh with annoyance.
No water. No sense. I stumble naked feet into the bed. I sigh with confusion.
The water line is on a different track from the electricity, so I should have water, even if it’s cold water. The faucets are manual, not electric. The power problem should not affect the equipment. The water is in the basin ready for use and the pumps are manual, also. I sigh with frustration.
No power! No water! No bathe! I sigh with grim.
I smell also lying on back muscles over the soft covers. Forget it! I plan to bathe all day tomorrow until pinkie and prunie on my entire naked body while figuring out how to access my 38 million dollar curr account, without waiting for six months for a bot. I sign with riches.
I can use my Tele powers, but that’s stealing. I have currs, so I don’t need to steal to get merchandise or services, just a mini-bot. I roll to the right, since I’m too tired to steal anything but sleep. I sigh with surrender.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus. Dream. Currs.
I think of currs, 40 million…naw…38 million currs. “Stang,” yelling in angry, sitting upright a folded body on the bed cover. Currs. I have no power, no water, and no bath, because of currs. I didn’t pay the electricity and water invoices to the Bot Control Station for the transfer of “acquired” castle.
“Double stang,” yelling. I sigh with twice exasperation.
Look at the bright side, Bot Control can access the curr account for payment then I’ll have water and power, tomorrow afternoon, but no food. I sigh with triple exasperation.
I lady bug crawled into a ball of sweat, falling asleep. 
Day 143. bedroom. bright stars. no clouds. hot and heated morning. I awake, dark, hot, and scary lying on the satin pillow. There’s a set of weird blue lights reflecting off the window glass from an eye bird angle.
Squeak! Tap! Ping! Pong! Snap! I T-scan using Telepathy as the repaired front door is totally wide open, exposing more heated air while something is creeping up the staircase. I freeze in bed pondering neurons. Run? Hide? Surrender?
I will not surrender, not run, so I decide to hide. Good idea, Starra!
I place the pillow and bedcovers over a face when someone hits the door with the club. Bang! Bang! Bang! Then, the bedroom door shakes, first then vibrates, second, and then succumbs, third. The door splits and falls upon the flooring in two chunks of wood. Zoom! Something flies into the room while targeting me, a metal thing. Boom!
I eliminate Attacker #1 using the two pieces of wood from the broken door as Attacker #2 descends upon me faster than a zipper through the broken door. I sigh with angry.
The tall Male springs a massive body into the air like a tomcat pouncing on a poor church mouse. I jump, T-rex using Telekinesis into the air at a height of three feet, tapping a ceiling with gray hair roots then grab two ankles. I baton twirl a rounded body into an airborne somersault using the mattress like a trampoline. He glides his tallness underneath me, hitting the wall paint with two soft brain cells and a hard skull. Pow! Out for the count! 
The count is one human and one robot. I sigh with fear.
I observe Attacker #3 running and lunging at my legs hoping to get a clean shot. I quickly side step to my right while avoiding a body collision. The tall Female lands on knees trying to avoid the wall paint and a permanently lipstick kiss. I T-execute a lovely backwards flip using Telekinesis, grabbing her neck muscles and throwing a muscular body over my curls. Attacker #3 nicely detaches from me like a speeding baseball hitting a permanent lipstick kiss into the wall paint. Bang! I sigh with victory.
A short lived victory, Attacker #4 is a big, dark, and tall bulky elephant compared to a weak tired tiny kitten, me. He tosses an object to the floor stopping at a right toe nail. Clank! A sword. This is not good for him, since its time to give the dude an Earth defense lesson in some nasty offensive Southern belle’s moves. I sigh with victory.
I lift a heavy weapon using both bands to a waist as the pretty hilt shines from moon beams reflecting off the window glass with a set of ingrained jewels of sapphires and rubies, an elegant instrument of beauty and danger. I sigh with trophy.
“Do you want a fight, master?” I yell in nasty baritone flute while adjusting eyeballs to a tall and a dark body frame as silence lingers in the air for 1 second…2 seconds then the air wave shifts.
A dark face leaps, kitten-like forward to me, waving a saber high in the air as I drew my sword half way to my chest waling in the fight. He suddenly lungs on legs while slicing a saber sideways at me, cutting the belly tissue. I back step on naked feet in intense pain, feeling scary and heat. I’m cut, bleeding. I sigh with pain.
I employ a retreat move, jumping backwards and dropping my sword from my Attacker, since I’m too tired to play a second round. He can steal all my currs, once he brings me a mini-bot. “I surrender,” pleading in a meek piano voice. I’m at his mercy, too exhausted to fight. I sigh with fear.
“Not an option,” he chuckles with an evil music, since the Male really wants to harm me as I T-fling using Telekinesis the sword into both hands, finishing the fight. I sigh with determination.
My sword shakes between two palms from exhaustion and fear, guarding my freckles. My heart races; my blood surges through veins, not ready. Attacker #4 performs a flawless jab to my right shoulder as I slo mo counter the maneuver, missing a the sharp blade. I sigh with pain.
I’m cut, again, bleeding heated precious liquid on a body, the bed covers, and the floor. I sigh with defeat.
I back pedal on naked feet from Attacker #4 breathing hard and heavy, scared for my life. I’m going to die, so much for lucky number seven time line. I sigh with fate.
Attacker #4 twists hands with a single saber high into the air, pivots and stabs at my left shoulder for fun annoyance as I miss the surprise interception of his thrust. I’m cut for third time, bleeding. I sigh with pain and defeat.
I back away on naked feet hitting the wall paint in the far corner of the bedroom with shoulders blades and fear, “I give up. I surrender.” He cascades and advance with a thrust, a punch, and a stab at me in different body places. I sigh with intense pain.
I slide a bloody and wounded folded body to the right as blood soaks into the rug. My blood. Me! I sigh with doom.
I’m too weak, tired and exhausted and can’t form a protective and secure T-shield around me as Attacker #4 soldierly stands over me, smiling. My Tele limit has been reached, since I cannot defend my selfie, anymore. I’m going to die, closing eyelashes, feel pain, opening eyelashes then see Attacker #4 swiftly stumble his face backwards from my eyeballs.
“He said alive,” a second Male voices in bass drum while jerking the saber from Attacker #4’s right hand.
Attacker #4 snorts like a wild-ass boar, “She breathes. I just wanted to teach her a lesson.” Sweat and blood flow from my face and body. I sigh with pain.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Pain.
Someone pulls a right forearm shoving me over a smelly and sweaty body, male. I lift high towards the ceiling into the air, being carried and kidnapped for 40 million, I mean 38 million currs. My head, arms, hands, legs, back, and hurt missing no other body parts while aching with intense pain. I close eyelashes while feeling sensations of pain and throbs then pass into darkness.
asteroid, Resort, interrogation room, baby blue skies, yellow sun, no clouds, 81ºF, morning. I awake, breathing oxygen filling stiff tight twin lungs. Stale. I open eyelashes viewing an indigo floor then twist a face to the left. Pain! My left eyeball sees an indigo wall as the brain jump starts. Think. Think slow. Think slower.
It hurts, too much to think fast, when a right brain cell leaps, kitten-like to the left side of my mind, asteroid Resort. I tug arms forward with tense pain and two restraints, since I’m tied to a straight-back wooden chair by both wrists and ankles, really uncomfortable. I sigh with more danger.
Eyeballs record a pink gown in very sad shape, rips and holes in the fabric garment. I’m bare footed, no shoes. Numerous red blood-stained bandages drape two hands, two arms or a right cheekbone while some bleed escaped to the clean flooring. I hope they have Hbots for cleaning the blood and dirt then snort like a wild-ass boar, and hope not then snort for a second time. I sigh with intense danger.
I flex arms, legs, and a jaw line to the right for fun as eyeballs blur into dizzy vision. Concession! Using Telemetabolics, I T-scan more injuries, a right broken arm, a left sprain ankle, and a right swollen and completely shut eyelash. A left eyeball is working perfect but a nose is caked with dried blood, itching. A left cheek is cut, throbbing as I conclude everything is not working, but my short term memory cells.
This early morning, I was attacked then injured then lost then, here. Later morning, I see him. Tom, my buddy from six previous time lines, skilled with a sword. He should pair with Lord Dirk for the next fight with me. I sigh with revenge.
Since, he successfully attacked and beat the tar out of me, last night, this morning or the other day, losing space track of day and time. I fling a left working eyeball to the far right seeing a prison room semi-dark prison room, no windows and one door. Then the one door slams open in fury with a loud noise. Bang! Prince Rann enters the room. I sigh with numbness.
I’m not in the mood to feel good observing his behavior with a working left eyeball. Rann stops in front of me using his talented Tele-power of Telepathy, scanning my injuries. I’m impressed, since he is a full functioning Tele with two T-powers of Telepathy and Telekinesis. Rann gingerly touches my swollen face with two soft fingertips, not smiling.
Rann shouts in sexy baritone trombone, “Stang! Who did this?”
Tom steps a right boot forward from the wall paint, smiling, “I did.” Rann immediately reacts and swiftly reaches for a weapon located on a right leg pulling the maser from the hostler. He aims and fires at Tom as a red wave hits in Tom’s heart penetrating the skin, rib cage, muscle, vessels, arteries, and veins. Tom’s heart organ stops pumping blood, immediately then dies, instantly. A dead body falls backwards against the wall paint then slides to the left in the floor as yellow goop. I sigh with sorrow.
I do not like Tom, since he beat me up. But he didn’t have to die because a longer torture would’ve been my prime choice of punishment rather than a quick death. I sigh with extreme danger.
“Remove that from my view,” Rann orders without looking a poor yellow goop of dead Tom while tenderly touching a left cheekbone with two warm finger pads, smiling at me.
“Yes, Sire,” a visible battle warrior obeys while shuffles booted feet around the yellow goop of poor dead Tom.
The faint grunts and nosily boot toes drag Tom’s burning shell into an open hallway as Rann holsters the maser into a pouch then retrieved his personal silver dagger. I sigh with doom.
He bends on kneecaps, touching my exposed legs then slice the fabric strips in one smooth whack encircling my ankles. The fabric gently falls into dried floor.
Rann stands then reaches behind me cutting the cloth binds around my waists as my upper torso shifts forward from the strain of the tension of bowed arms in the angle of the chair. He catches my shoulders, pulling me into a cuddle.
“Escort her to the infirmary, now,” Rann orders in sexy baritone trombone as I close eyelashes smelling his cologne of citrus and spice. Bbots and medical personnel invade the prison room like a swarm of Agri bees. Rann lifts me up in the air and cradles me close to a warm and muscular naked chest when a body stretcher moves in front of him as he places me on a hovering bed. I’m not going to die, today. I sigh with pain.
I feel a jolt motion of the air bed, a breeze of cool air in the hallway and a warm touch on my shoulder as a familiar baritone tuba words over my face. “You told Tom to restrain her, Rann,” Ira reminds as we, three soar together along a smooth open corridor.
“Restrain, not beat her.” Rann snaps the repeated command walking beside me while looking at my swollen face.
“You didn’t have to kill him.” Ira reprimands way too late walking beside Rann.
“My only regret is that I can’t kill him a second time. I will not tolerate abuse, especially regarding my direct orders.” Rann expresses with intrigue as I listen but don’t react.
“I don’t understand. Why do you want her alive?” Ira presses my survival.
“I’m always fascinated with anyone that can neutralize a War from both sides.” He chuckles like a farm turkey while viewing me.
“I thought you were still angry about the ‘lost in space’ thing,” Ira laughs his ass off as Rann just stare and smiles at me.
“I am,” he softly says.
“She is the cause of your squadron wandering two days in the outer reaches of the galaxy.” Ira purses lips, ugly not viewing me.
“She is, at that. I want to find out how she accomplished that task and more. That’s why I want her…alive.” Rann explains while smiling at me.
“If she does not cooperate, Rann,” Ira poses the death sentence as the hovering bed reaches the Medical Ward. Bbot hangs between the archway doors.
Rann orders, first. “Bbot, report to me, immediately the conclusion of your health assessment. And, Ira, cooperation is my problem.” Then he just stares and smiles at me.
“Yes, Sire.” Bbot hums in tenor as the floating bed descends to a hard floor. Tap! I pass into darkness.
Day 144. medical ward. baby blue skies. yellow sun. no clouds. 78ºF. morning. I awake, bright, light, hot, morning. “Good morning, how is my patient doing?” Bbot hums in tenor.
“Food.” I softly croak as a second Bbot supplies a tray of food items. I cram in four big bites the food items of oatmeal and bread down a tight dry throat into a growling tummy. I gulp juice spurts into a dry mouth feeling a sensation travel all the way the esophagus. I sigh with satisfaction.
Once the food hits a stomach lining, then the clumps of fat, protein, sugar and starches will broke down into minerals, vitamins, and nutrients for a starving body. I will strong in both mind and body. Beware! I’m not planning to be a hostage, in this time line, since I see with eyeballs Ira. The General stands inside the entrance way of the intensive care unit inside the Medical Ward on asteroid Resort, not talking, not ordering, but watching me.
“Please move your arm,” Bbot hums in tenor as I pose it high in the air and wiggle fingers. “Good! Please bend your elbow,” Bbot hums as I bend the elbow to the back of my shoulder.
“Good! Please rotate your forearm,” Bbot hums as I twist a forearm back and forth.
“Good! Please move your ankle.” Bbot hums as I lift a left leg and wiggle the ankle. “Good!” Bbot hums, checking eye sockets with a medical instrument. “Swelling gone. Cuts healed. Eyes clear. Bones mended. You are in very good health.” Bbot hums. Using my Telemetabolics, yesterday, I’m in tip top shape and perfect form, giggling. “You can change into your garments, over there.” Bbot hums.
Over the gray-paint chipping bed railing is a dress wrapped in pink bows and a pair of pink sandals on the floor, robbed from my closet as Bbot floats towards Ira with a set of secret electronically words and signals. I walk into the bathroom, re-dressed in a new outfit in 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds…15 seconds…30 seconds…then step a pink three-inched summer sandal from the indigo door. Four guards attack…naw…approach me. I sigh with awesome danger.
“This way,” the Female of four Guards says in a polite flute as I prance ten wiggling pink-painted toes in the middle of a square formation. We, five pad down an empty hallway while I appear the new dress from my closet.
A horizontal baby candy pink band ties around my breasts and a vertical ban with baby candy pink bow wraps tightly around my fanny while I cut eyelashes to each closed or open archway. I sigh with escape.
interrogation room. Each battle warrior wears a wrinkled dirty white uniform with a wrinkled gold sash strapped with tons of heavy weapons, a maser, a sword, a dagger, and two darts. They stop marching then I stop prancing as the Female opens a closed door then finger points, “In there!”
I recognize the room space, no windows and one door, my prison room from yesterday. Here we go again! I have to think about escaping really soon. Because, there are two very good reasons: 1) no one knows that I have been kidnapped, and 2) no one cares. I’m truly alone in this time line. 
But I have the advantage with my currs, so I plan to run and hide. I sigh with escape.
Ira stomps boot toes looking unhappy then circles me trapped inside a straight-back wooden chair. I’m ready for a fight or feign, twisting lips, right up into a nostril. I sigh with confidence.
I T-probe using Telepathy easily reading Ira’s open brain waves, sitting like a southern lady with cupped hands in a lap and ankles neatly crossed with eyelashes scanning the clean floor. 
How about a mind game? I link, connect, and Tele from my mind into Ira’s mind.
“How about a mind game?” Ira repeats my mental thought as I invade his weak mind. I giggle.
I want to know about the hidden base. I link, connect and Tele to Ira.
“I want to know about the hidden base.” Ira repeats and I giggle.
I want to know the location, capacity and communications link. I link, connect, and Tele to Ira.
“I want to know the location, capacity and communications link.” Ira repeats and I giggle.
I want to know volumes of maser weapons. I link, connect, and Tele to Ira.
“I want to know volumes of maser weapons.” Ira repeats and I giggle.
I want you to take me to Rann. I link, connect, and Tele to Ira.
“I want you to take me to Rann.” Ira repeats and I pick my nose. Ira picks his nose. I laugh my ass off when the interrogation door flies open like a summer gust of wind, Ambassador Ty of the Agri rushes boots into the room to greet me. He isn’t happy, either. It must be all the air raids on asteroid Resort as I giggle. I sigh with curiosity.
I am interrogating your officer.” I link, connect, and Tele to Ira.
“I am interrogating your officer.” Ira repeats and I smile at Ty as Ty quickly drew back a folded fist right at me. I sigh with fear.
When a hand catches and stops the fast action motion before Ty punch my freckles then I snort like a wild-ass boar.
That’s not very nice, Ty. I link, connect, and Tele into Ty’s open mind. I smiled as his eyelids smash into eyebrows while hearing my invitingly warm reply. Ty step backwards from me slamming shoulder blades into the wall paint while studiously stares at me with shock.
I just smile and stare at his handsome face recalling Ty is a Tele with the T-power of Telekinesis, an ability to lift objects, not read minds.
Rann steps forward from the hallway replacing Ty’s prince position and staring at me. Actually, Rann studies me as I feel a light mind probe penetrating my brain cells. I react quickly setting up a T-shield, immediately. I smile. He smiles. He mind-bumps into a Tele-bubble inside my brain as I also swiftly scan an open mind. It works both ways, Rann, so a valuable lesson in the gift of Telepathy.
“Fake,” softly whispering for Rann’s eardrums, only.
“How!?… (pauses; smiles)…you know!?” Rann just stares and smiles at me.
“Telepathy,” softly whispering for Rann’s eardrums, only then crossing a right bare leg over a left bare leg. I lean a torso deeply into the chair as the short pink skirt shortens…too way up over my kneecaps.
“Telepathy!” He teases for fun amusement, smiling at me as Ira ramps a right shoulder into Rann’s left collar bone and.
He orders in angry, “Kill her, she knows too much, Rann.” I sigh with danger.
“She…is…evil.” Ty addresses not playfully enjoying my gently mind tap in his brain as I snigger.
“They call her, the Ice Princess,” Ira honestly confesses. I am Starra, just plain Starra. Rita is the Ice Princess, the Ice Queen, and Ice Empress.
“She kills every one and every thing.” Tok appears like a magic contributing to the silly game. I’ve not harmed an Agri fly in this time line.
“She destroyed a Gbot with her bare hands.” Ira rat-tattle, snarling like a captured alligator. Attacker #1 attacks me in side my bedroom, last night as Rann just smiles and stares at me.
“She is not affected by the drugs.” Ty words the truth. I don’t use medicines even for a headache, instead use the Tele-power of Telemetabolics, healing.
“What?” Rann smart-asses viewing Ty with a twisted lips, ugly.
“I’m trying to tell ya. She is evil, pure evil.” Tok updates with wrong data. You are confusing me with the “real” evil girl, Rita. She’s pure evil along with her boyfriend-buddy-partner relationship named dead Emperor Dirk, who by the way is still missing, since the first day of this time line.
I’m short. She’s tall. I’m pretty. She’s ugly. I’m nice. She’s mean. I sigh with annoyance.
“Rita has accomplished what Dirk could not do a breakthrough in medical human conditioning, not only the mind. But the entire body, finale, her.” Ira explains incorrectly I’ve always been this strong and smart since a very young child.
“She has all four powers.” Ty announced to all eardrums as I comprehend that isn’t good.
And I conclude that dead Lord Dirk is a rat-tattle tale, but I cannot seem to find his smelly body anyway in the seventh time line. I sigh with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Fascinating,” Rann whispers for my eardrums, only while smiling at me.
“You’re the traitor of the galaxy,” Ira announces for all eardrums.
“It’s my decision. And my decision, alone how to handle her,” Rann lectures the noble, since he is the highest and richest and handsomest noble of them all, my true love as I smile at him.
“She exposed our base.” Ty complains for fun annoyance.
“The base is safe or what’s left of it.” Rann laughs his ass off along with the other nobles then Rann whips a right hand into the air. The clown laughter ceases immediately as silence lingers in the air for 1 second…2 seconds then Rann just stares and smiles. “I should kill you, Starra.” I sigh with mystery.
“Allow me to do the honors, Rann.” Ira shoves a right shoulder into Rann’s back muscles when Rann back steps a boot heel preventing Ira from attacking and killing me.
“I would very much like to continue the innocent swordplay with you…(ticks tongue)….but I have a War to run,” Rann just stares and smiles while ignoring Ira’s too bold death threat.
“Blindfold her,” Ty orders in bass drum. The last visual image I see with eyeballs is Rann smiling and staring at me.
damaged building. I’m blindfolded, not bound at limbs with rough ropes. A person doesn’t touch a hand but guides me down a hard tile towards a star ship repair maintenance shop. I smell oil, gasoline fumes, and thick raw liquids from engines used for space vehicles. I’m tapped on a right shoulder with a finger then two finger pads gently pushes me into a smooth leather bench seating. I ride inside a carrier ship, holds four people and six pieces of luggage, to a secret location as a person gently lands a hand on my right forearm, Rann. His fragrance. His heat.
Pbot is flying a carrier with a smooth glide then quickly lands with a gently tap. A door swishes upright then my right forearm is pulled from the ship into a bright sun inside blinded eye sockets. I stand upright with pride like a real Southern lady as Rann wraps a right hand around my left elbow tugging me then slides closer into my left side as we giggle like silly clowns. He tenderly cuddles me into a right armpit while walking us to a new mystery structure.
The sun disappears from eyeballs. The air is cool on my skin. The building is quiet within eardrums as Rann gently removes the blindfold I see an indigo room is large, long, and empty. I sigh with confusion.
“Would you care for a tour of my city?” He grins and giggles while pulling me closer into his chest.
“City!?” I words with confusion scanning eyeballs around an empty room then Rann guides us to a side door. I step a right sandal into a new room, not a room but a dancing hall. Not a dancing hall, half the size of a Game stadium, without the metal bleachers. I see ships, shops, food, bots, and citizens occupying the entire square footage space while hearing cheery music, faint voices, roaring engines, and squeaking sounds. Strange!
I move towards the closest zipper ship then touch it with an index finger, not feeling a sensation of the metal. The metal is missing and the engine is not running, but I hear sounds of a zipper ship. I cautiously shuffle summer sandals to a door of the grocery store, made of card board. I sigh with peaked interest.
“Fake,” announcing for all eardrums, smiling with my used over-abused word. I sigh with answer.
“I cannot believe you figured it out. You’re correct and very smart, and very other things, Starra,” Rann tromps his fine body from behind my shoulder blades wiggling up my fanny-behind. Then he shoots and scoots his boots left of my soldierly stance while complimenting my brilliant usage of words as I giggle with a girly twang. He gently tugs my left bicep with a right hand towards a floating bot, not metal, but very slick silver shiny paper. Suddenly, I totally understand the entire enclosed semi-round rectangular space holds all of Rann’s fakeness including fake ships, fake music, fake shops, fake food, fake bots, and fake bodies. I gently touch an index finger to the photograph of a male, made of paper.
I giggle, “This is your fake city.”
“Which happens to be faked by a brilliant military guy named Paper Dan,” Rann chuckles while pulling me closer into his naked chest. I two-step sandals right into his armpit, while he extends a bicep around my shoulders, grunting with animal sounds. I can smell Rann’s sweet cologne citrus and spices tickle my nose. Rann proclaims in sexy baritone trombone, looking at me, “No lost lives, but the robots, equipment, facilities, ships, comlens, and comfones are toasted midnight black, during an air attack from Rita,” chuckles between rib cages while the vibration tickles my arm making me both love and laugh along with Rann.
“A loss for us on paper,” Ira laughs his ass off along with the other nobles standing in a duckling line-up while admiring the enclosed space of fakeness.
I sum for my neurons, only, giggling while voicing for the nobles. “I get it. Paper. The fake city is constructed entirely of paper, and paper products. The loss of the cost of buying products on paper from real paper.” I sigh with funny.
“Rann is brilliant, since he has constructed from paper a “fake” military base spread over five miles of dirt terrain on asteroid Resort. You’re visiting only one of ten cities made of parched wood.” Ty supplies the secret standing on Rann’s right since I occupy all of Rann’s left. I two-step closer into a rib cage while we glide down a fake city street, giggling into each other eardrums. I sigh with true love.
“Weapons, communications, and of course, tea time,” Rann fun amuse, smiling at me. I sigh with true love.
The formation of the fake military base appears to be just that, a working and functioning entity complete with recorded voices, mechanical, and human. It’s very clever My Tele senses ping. Everything is not fine.
I stop walking as Rann separates from my petiteness, looking down with dancing eyeballs and a sour face, “What’s wrong, Starra?” Rann ask.
“I can feel....,” something else within the fake city that Rann doesn’t mention as he wrinkles a forehead, cute-like studying me and.
He comments. “You can. That’s absolutely amazing.” I narrow eyelashes and T-probe with Telepathy the forward rows of small structures and equipment then stare at the far wall on my right and.
I say. “They…are close.” Rann bobs his curls up and down like a farm pony, smiling at me then slowly pads toward the left side of the wall. We walk and move into tan-painted wall.
“You are correct, again. I’m very impressed with your…(chuckles)…Tele-abilities, Starra.” Rann compliments and chuckles while dragging us like a sea creature drifting into a wave current towards the left.
“I can feel…(pauses)…sensations of heart beats, blood surges, and pulse beats.” I express with oddness. “The sensations are small, also, tiny.” I sigh with deep confusion.
Rann stops then smiles at me while blindly tapping with a right index finger at the wall in a funky finger pad pattern that my eyeballs miss. The wall magically parts into a single built-in door entrance way as a panel slides to the side for one skull and two boot toes. He poses a right palm for me to enter first as I hesitate. I cut eyelashes to Rann with suspicion since I am the captive, here.
Rann chuckles then enters first while I follow behind his shoulder blades into a hidden room, a closet space, six feet wide by six feet high by six feet deep. He stands to the side as they stand at full attention, Rann’s army of warriors.
But, the soldiers do not move, finch, fight or surrender, since they are paper cut-out boards.
“The soldiers are fake, too.” Rann doesn’t tell all the facts, smiling at me. I sigh with deception.
I gingerly stroll around the colorful paper outlines of male and female soldiers and see with eyeballs. There are metal wire cages lining a long table holding the buttholes of the paper posters filled with cute tiny furry animals. I see mice, hamsters, and gilberts running on trend mills, eating lettuce stalks, sleeping in the corner or urinating in the other corner of the cage, laughing with amusement.
Rann closes fanny-behind me and explains. “I use the animals for measuring varying degrees of body heat, and temperature for faking the star ship’s interior comlen sensors.”
“Body temperature,” I tease, since my body temperature has risen during the past thirty seconds being alone with Rann in the quiet room. I wonder if his instruments detect that when Ira busts through the dark room, of course. I sigh with three’s company.
“Time to leave, Your Highness,” Ira announces in baritone tuba as Rann curves a hand around my left bicep. He back pedals as I back pedal around the paper posters then we stand side to side viewing Ira.
“Air raid,” Rann guesses as Ira bobs a bald skull up and down.
“Yes, Sire,” Ira comments when Ty appears inside the archway.
“Blindfold, her,” Ty orders in bass drum. Rann and I walk from the hidden closet into the open space as the last image, I see is Rann smiling and standing in the background of tan wall beside the mouse cages while pretending to be warriors on the asteroid Resort.
sea, yacht, baby blue skies, partly cloudy, 88ºF, afternoon. I am blind-folded slowly padding from a dark hole into the bright sunshine as Rann touches a right shoulder for down. I fold in half avoiding a head bump from the carrier’s ship archway. I touch and slide into the bench seat with ease tapping a T-scan in Teleclairvoyance, so I can see where I am going and giggle. Then I feel the rumble of powerful engines under summer sandals and a placement of another body near me. His fragrance. His heat. Rann. I sigh with true love.
I’m going to visit another new place with Rann, since he’s full of fun surprises in this time line. No wonder Rita is mad at him, since she can’t find Rann to kill him. He’s always some place else, not in the same spot, twice as I snigger like a sly fox. But, I do ponder how Rann found me. So easy, I’m in the same place, once with him. I sigh with mystery.
I feel the carrier ship land smoothly from the pilot robot or Pbot and then a warn hand touches my forearm while shuffling me out of the bench seat. I twist and pretzel blinded eyeballs from the metal archway without getting a dizzy bump then stand upright, feeling hot sunshine on a nose, two cheekbones and naked shoulders. The air is salty. The wind is rough with an unfamiliar sound. Then Rann removes the cloth as eyeballs adjust to a bright light and neurons adjust the indigo painted flooring below sandals, next to hands and behind Rann.
“A boat,” I guess swishing neck muscles around a long deck to a point then to Rann then to water then back to Rann and then to a long deck ending in a point with more water.
“A yacht, actually,” he corrects and chuckles, “…a big boat.” I sigh with apprehension.
Back home on Planet Earth, I live and grow up on a farm with land, trees, bushes, flowers, animals, equipment, crops, and friends. The land mass is located on four corners of a biosphere. Well, the sphere is a semi-round geometric shape, not squared. I have bodies of water: ponds, lakes, and streams. You can wander boot soles around the fields, crops, and pastures through the farm ecosphere for old fresh water holes, fishing, swimming, and other water activities. 
All the salt oceans are exist outside a bio-sphere near the end of the sandy greenish-purple land masses. The water and land masses are both polluted with toxin poison and heaps of machine, metal, and garage trash only with dead aquatic life forms. The ship vessels do not exist or sail over the water. And, I do not live near the water therefore I have never seen an ocean. Rann and I stroll elegantly towards the curvy metal railing of the yacht. Blue water. My eyeballs stretch with miles of deep green to endless blue water using a Tele-sight. I sigh with wetness.
“Lots of water,” I say and giggle.
“Ocean, actually. The yacht is quiet safe.” Rann cuddles me into his right armpit while whispering into a left eardrum while I smile and giggle with hotness.
“Good,” commenting with a firm flute when the ship swiftly shifts vertical straight up into the bright afternoon blue sky like a flying boat. I sigh with nervousness.
I quickly shuffle feet and hands balancing a swaying body as Rann catch me. “Hold on tight to me.” He whisper while I immediately obey switching both hands and attack his naked forearm while we ride out a massive ocean wave rocking the boat up and down.
“Does this happen, often?” I meekly whisper feeling a little sea sick.
“Sorry, new bots,” He says. “You’re on a floating boat called a ‘sea yacht.’ The yacht is operated by bots of Wbot, Hbot, Obot, Mbot, Rbot, and Sbot. Give the bots a moment….(smiles)…We’re raising. This particular sea yacht is designed to float over the waves and foams of the ocean water, not just along the miles of water.” The ship acquires a steady flow along the winds of the oceans making my feet and tummy happy as Rann drapes both biceps around my waist pulling me closer into his chest. I smile and stare at the miles of water. 
I sing in flute, “Water, water everywhere, and not a drop to drink,” a child’s musical song from the Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. I’m a farmer, a land locked girl sailing along with a cute seafaring sailor on an empty deck as eyeballs cut right then left. My eardrums hear nothing but Rann’s steady breathe into a right eardrum and air swishes against my smiling apple cheekbones. The metal boat skims below the rough waves and the deck is empty! We’re alone. I sigh with true love.
“Would you enjoy a tour of the ship?” Rann asks in a right eardrum.
“Hmm, tour with you,” purring the word as Rann back steps holding me from the ship’s railing towards then twists and pretzels our bodies together. He jerks us to the right as I note the wooden steps leading downstairs. Rann steps a right foot along with my right sandal, skipping to keep up. I sigh with true love.
He starts on the deck, “This is the deck for lounging around in the sunshine. Ya like to lounge, Starra?”
“Lounge with you…,” purring into a right cheekbone with a sweet smile, desiring to kiss that coffee skin as Rann giggles like a girl. We step down into the semi-darkness as Rann pulls me closer inside his vest and.
He explains. “The fourth deck is engineering. But, we’ll avoid the dampness.”
“Engineer with you….,” purring into a right cheekbone as Rann giggles at my cute alien behavior. We strike toe soles on the third deck.
Rann lectures, “The third deck is a dining area for all of our guests and captive prisoners,” chuckles with his cute description as I sour a face then giggle. Since I can resist Rann’s funny or insulting statement as I do my cute thing.
“Eat with you…,” purring into a right cheekbone as Rann giggles with me.
“The dining room is only accessed from the main stairwell. Since, there isn’t an outside deck, only port windows for viewing the water.”
“Eat with you in the dark…,” purring for fun amusement as Rann giggles into my left eardrum. We pad back up the steps for more fun amusement then he stops at the second deck. He finger points and explains, “The second deck houses all the state rooms for sleeping.”
I silly without thinking, since I only think of Rann about my heated body, “Sleep with….,” pause then stand like a High School fart as Rann cuddles me closer into his naked chest.
“Sleep with….,” whispers into my left eardrum.
I complete with a puff. “Sleep in flannel pajamas with my bathrobe, since it’s the interior air temperature is cold down here.”
“O! I thought you wanted to sleep with…,” teases Rann with a loud chuckle at me.
I fill in the missing blank, “And up these stairs is the first deck. Right, Rann? The navigation array is located there signaling where the ship is going to or from. Right, Rann?” I vigorously wiggle two shoulders side to side breaking loose from Rann’s cuddle for both embarrassment and escape while climbing the stairs on summer sandals. I reach the top step then two-step to my right waiting on Rann to gallop up the stairs as he chuckles like a farm turkey at my silly alien behavior.
“I didn’t here your answer, Starra.” He insists on embarrassing me for a second time as I walk towards a new set of upward stairs leading high into the baby blue sky. I subject change quickly plowing sandals and active neurons ahead. I talk rapido when I’m nervous, “This here. It’s an observation deck. Right, Rann?” He slowly pads boot toes behind me watching my sassy priss side to side in the short pink skirt as I move towards the edge of the metal railing. I place both manicured pink-painted finger nails gently on the cold roundness, narrowing my eyelashes to the bright sun. Rann stroll behind me cuddling two biceps around my petiteness.
He whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings, “An observation deck for watching.”
“Watching what?” I try to act intelligent about a flying sea boat over the water, being a locked-land farm girl.
“You will see later,” he chuckles while sweet breathing over my hair roots, since I’m petite. He’s taller while pulling me closer into his heated naked chest under a dark sky of dusk. I close eyelashes finally enjoying Rann’s warmth and touch, while my delicate Tele-hearing picks up the music song of the precious marine life living inside the surrounding ocean waters. The tunes are beautiful as I slightly sway side to side to the prettily high and low-pitched instrumental octaves within Rann’s arms. I switch to my Telepathy, feeling some of the large water mammals of the deep ocean, not too far from the ship’s bow swimming with us along with Rann’s heighten Tele-powers. He hears and feels the same sea life below us.
He whispers like delicate butterfly’s wings, “Do you sense whales, sharks, and seals with your Tele-powers?”
“Hmm, yes, all of them,” singing in flutter flute while enjoying Rann’s hotness coupled with soft mammal music as Rann tights his bug hug.
“Well, you must be very careful and stay close to me for…(chuckles)…protection,” he fun muses in a right eardrum scraping his cat whiskers into a right cheekbone while I giggle.
“Protection from the ocean creatures,” snapping at the nonsense threat of precious intelligent sea mammals. Rann uprights a collar bone from my hair roots and.
He sings in sexy baritone trombone, “Them! And, I’m afraid your presence is not well received by some of the…nobles.” I snap open eyelashes blinking once, twice then thrice into the miles of blue oceans.
I strongly advise. “Maybe, I should leave, Rann,” wiggling a tight body from Rann’s cuddle as he strengths two biceps and.
He whispers like butterfly’s wings, “Maybe not... without my permission, Starra,” Rann chuckles then tightens a grasp on my body as a ray of bright yellowish-white light in the far distance among the moonlight sky catches a right eyeball.
“What’s that?” I ask with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Company,” Rann growls like a tiger. I sigh with danger.
I’m not well received that means I’m a threat to the nobles, so logically, I want off this boat. Zipper and carrier ships quickly land on the docking pads on the bow of the ship in a precise flying protocol when Tok, Ty, Ira, paired spouses, and children emerged from their individual sky crafts. Let’s see if I can remember all the names: Ambassador Ty of Agri, and his girlfriend, Joy; General Ira of Militia, wife Mar, and their daughter Kia; Marquis Tok of Uni, wife Marquise Lee, and their daughter named Mia.
“Happy Jubilation Day!” Ambassador Ty announces in trumpet tenor with smiles and giggles like a girl, since he’s Rann’s very bestest pal in the universe and likes me, too. I sigh with friendship.
Ambassador Ty used to run Planet Agri before Rita became Empress of the Universe. Agri maintains cotton, corn, and cows supplying food and raw goods to the citizens while working with Abots, and Business Associates. Ty cuddles and kisses Joy on a right cheekbone; Joy possesses delicate skin like a flower with her fair light pale complexion almost the color of snow. Her eyes hold a set of little purplish specs embedded in the dark blue, giving her an exotic look. I sigh with beauty.
“You’re just in time, buddy.” Rann shouts with glee, shaking hands, hugging babies, and kissing wives. The family hour! I sigh with jealousy.
“Time!” Hbot hums in baritone tuba imitating Ira’s deep timbre like a recording as I giggle with a girly twang.
“Time!” Wbot repeats the humming as the single word “time” echoes throughout the yacht’s decks down to the bottom level. Then, the ship’s flood lights flicker off. The music ceases. The robots deactivate as the yacht slowly lands on top of the flapping water like an indigo reef.
Silence lingers in the sea air for 1 second…2 seconds then a combination of naked feet and booted soles slowly pad up the stairs gathering and filling the empty chairs and tables lining the metal railing.
Rann neck snaps a face carefully watching then nobles attack a table, until all seats are taken then calls in a loud baritone, “Time!” He grabs my left forearm and gently pulls me towards a two-seat Pub table, while the nobles enjoy plates of food and beverage, waiting. They seem to be watching for something in the far distance. I sigh with intrigue.
Rann straddles legs between the seat of a high stool while pulling me into the same seat as I sit on the edge propping summer sandals onto the metal railing. We view the west night sky for something as he pulls me closer into his muscular heated body. His fragrance. His touch. 
Rann softly like butterfly’s wings into my right eardrum, “No sound allowed.”
“Okay, purring into his cat whiskers. I sigh with puzzlement.
“We don’t want to alert them to our presence,” wording into a right eardrum with mystery.
“Who?” I whisper then see wit eyeballs plus my Tele-sight a series of low incoming ships flying over one of many ruined cities of asteroid Resort. I see rays of colored lights firing of missiles and bombs at the fake city. Maser fire. The discharges, fires, and flames light up the night sky like flashlight beams or heated candles in prettily colors of red, blue, green, yellow, pink, gold, silver, and yellow. The nobles chuckle, joke, and drink, while I actually eye-witness one of Rita’s air raids on asteroid Resort safely far away on a sea boat between Rann’s biceps on the calm ocean waters. 
“Beautiful,” an invisible Female softly cheers in flute soprano behind me. 
“Lovely,” an invisible Female softly words in alto clarinet behind me.
“Dangerous,” an invisible Female softly warns in alto oboe behind me.
“Good one,” Ty softly chuckles in trumpet tenor.
“Nice touch,” Tok softly compliments in French horn.
“Missed,” Ira mutters in baritone tuba, chuckling as the noble do not shout or celebrate but watch and softly cheer for the star ships from the air raid. 
Rann is the leader of the Rebellion, who’s in hiding from dangerous along with me. Of course, the air raids, Rita’s attack on a fake city has been built for both fun and amusement of Empress Rita’s torment as I giggle at Rann’s brilliant joke.
I focus on the star ships living air space while a fiery firework display shows pretty colors drowning into dull hues with streaks of white smoke and yellow sparks. “No one gets hurt,” whispering into Rann’s cat whiskers scratching my right cheekbone.
“No one gets hurt,” he repeats.
“I am glad,” saying with honesty as he pulls me closer.
“I am also.” he repeats.
“Disappointed, Starra.” Ira remarks in a loud baritone tuba while the star ships vanish from eyesight. I upright and lean a face towards the small table beside us holding Ira and his wife, Mar. 
“No, intrigued,” saying with honesty.
“Enjoying the show?” Tok asks with tomcat curiosity in French horn while drinking at the table with his wife and daughter.
“How long will these…raids last?” I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Until Rita surrenders,” Ty laughs then hugs Joy.
“Until Rita gets frustrated,” Tok laughs then drinks another sip of brew.
“Until Rita quits,” Ira laughs then crams food into his open lips.
“Rita has unlimited resources,” mouse-tattle tailing to the nobles.
“She does?” Tok questions then laughs for a second time, hugging Joy.
“Does she?” Ty questions then chuckles for a second time, drinking more brew.
“What’s so funny?” I seriously question among the nobles while pursing lips, tightly.
“You!” Ty tattles then smiles at me.
“Me!” I mice-squeak with shock.
“You’re a little naïve, Starra.” Ty comments, smiling.
“I am not,” saying with honesty.
“This is a game for Rita.” Tok explains.
“This is a test for Rita.” Ira replies.
“A test for Rita?” I repeat with surprise.
“Did she pass, Rann?” Ty jabs an index finger into the air pointing it at Rita and asks with tomcat curiosity.
“Not yet!” Rann shakes his curls side to side, grinning as Ty drops a finger then jabs it at me and.
He asks. “Did she pass?” Eyeballs turn to me as Rann shakes his curls side to side, chuckling and.
He repeats. “Not yet!” I twist out Rann’s arms twirling into a half-circle with pouted lips, cute-like and.
I demand in fluttering flute. “What does that mean?”
“You shall see.” Rann words holding both hands around my biceps.
“See, what?” I ask wit authority.
“Time for bed, Starra!” Rann assigns with a fatherly tone as the bright round moon reflects over the green water making tiny gold sparkles in the dark ocean, so romantic and mysterious, at the same time. I sigh with romance.
Instead, I’m stuck here on the floating boat filled with rude and crude nobles. I sigh with disappointment.
The lights illuminate blinding my eyeballs. The music softly murmurs. Bots reactivate with duties of serving, gathering, and cleaning food, beverages, and plates as I quickly bite into a small finger sandwich and finish my beverage, like a child.
“I can’t stay.” I ask to Rann as Rann just stares and smiles at me.
“We have plans, secret plans to discuss, Spy.” Ty laughs while shaking blonde curls side to side.
“Sbot, escort our capture to her state quarters,” Rann orders with a firm tone while gently shoving me from him into the middle of the deck. Sbot floats from a high stack of dirty dishes towards my nose bridge.
I pace a right sandal then a left sandal when Rann shouts to me. “Tomorrow, you’ll receive a new set of tests,” smiling.
I swing a face with puzzlement. “Tests, I’m being tested?”
“Since, you arrived,” Rann just stares and smiles as I body spin towards Sbot. I ponder tests of what? My character? My clothes? My dance steps? My tan? I sigh with distress.
Day 145. yacht. private state room. My holding cell is located on the second deck with the rest of the state rooms, nice size. Since, I’m on a floating metal machine with limited space surrounded by miles of water and nobles. I have a twin bed, a private lavatory, and a single window of a rising eastern sun. There’s a small closet with no clothes, a table, and a chair. I sigh with small luxury.
I rub sleepy crusts from eye sockets with ten finger pads then smear the yellow dried stuff on the used bed sheet while rotating a face around the dark wooden panels then see a bot. I yell for meanness. “What?”
It floats like a silver ghost towards the blue blankets covering me, hums, “Time to clean the room!” Hbot states in musically non-emotion. I sigh with sleep.
“Later,” I order like an alien princess, giggling at my new authority while flipping eyelashes to the cold side of the satin pillow.
“General Ira has ordered. Your presence is requested on the top deck,” Hbot hums. I sighed with distrust.
The robot forgot to add, where the other nobles lounge under the shaded veranda in the sunlight sucking down hot coffee in the light breeze and do not trust me. I sigh with disappointment.
I’ve done nothing…naw…done the “lost in space” adventure coupled with no comfone communication during the starry incident. They might be a little bit upset, but Rann’s not upset. As a matter of fact, he’s very pleased with me. I sigh with true love.
I dress in my only clothing outfit, a swath of two pieces of dress covering a chest and a fanny. I sigh with shame.
I climb the steep steps to top deck, where the sun is hot. The wind is cool. The air is salty.
And no noble’s here to greet me or hang me as I giggle at my dark sick humor.
I stroll on sandals towards the railing, whispering for my eardrums, only, “Water, water everywhere, and not a drop to drink.” The fairy tale invades my sleepy mind, again, this morning. I thirst helping my hands to the exposed beverage tray located next to the bridge wooden railing. I hope I’m being watched. I sigh with confidence.
I priss to a white soft chair then trip over big feet stumbling forward in high pink sandals, but catch my person before a pretty face hits a wooden deck, giggling. I hope I’m not being watched. I sigh with embarrassment.
I elegantly sit down with both grace and pose as best as I can after my tumbling act, crossing legs one over the other while sipping on the hot tea cup. I sigh with recovery.
“Time to leave!” Ira’s voice booms from somewhere below the deck when Rann arrives dressed in sleeveless white vest, trousers tucked into black boots. I ponder if he hot or just hot looking, giggling at my silly thoughts. I stand for my man with another new adventure in the day of the life of Starra. I don’t have a citizen title in this time line. I’m just plain “old” Starra.
“Good morning, Starra,” Rann introduces, bowing at waist then extending a right hand.
“Good morning, Rann,” chin whipping a face into my chest for acting like a noblette then giggle with him.
“Move it,” Ira shouts and motions a right hand standing on the top deck with fat cheeks pinky red from a sunburn while Rann opens two arms and I step into his Teddy bear hug giving me a quick squeeze.
“Are we leaving the ship?” I whisper, feeling a tall body stand behind me.
“Yes,” Rann simply says.
“Blindfold her,” Ira orders with authority as the last image I see with eyeballs is Rann smiling at me and standing in a background of a blue sky, green water, and a yellow sun.
Sea. Noble Island. baby blue skies. yellow sun. no clouds. 90ºF. morning. I’m blind, not bound. I have the use of hands and arms, being lifting like a baby into the air from the deck and carried down steps by Rann, smiling and giggling with the fun adventure. Rann uprights my body in the air before we hit a bottom ramp on the ship. I hear water slapping the ship then a right sandal steps onto a curvy surface, not sleek metal but smooth while feeling a hot sun on a heated face and exposed arms and legs.
I sit inside a smaller hard seat, maybe in a boat. The surface is rough like wood. The salt is hitting two cheekbones, while the wind is blowing my hair across my back inside the exposed boat.
The boat shifts forward in the water feeling the waves hit and strike at the bow of the little boat, rocking it back and forth. I sigh with danger.
Then, the boat stops abruptly as Rann grabs my right hand assisting for me to stand beside. I bug hug his body since I feel like I’m going to fall out of the shifting wood as Rann gently lifts me around the waist cuddling me into his biceps for second fun adventure. He walks steady carrying me then plants my summer sandals on the earth sorta.
I hop hip then upright both legs while the soil feels different. The ground is soft, mushy, and hot to my naked toe bones.
Rann removes the blind fold as I see with eyeballs the soil, an island. The island is composed of gleaming and blinding pure sugar white sand, an unspoiled secluded beach along a coast shore line. I rotate neck muscles to the right, a lagoon, lots of sand, and bots then to the left, the other side of the water lagoon and more white sand. And no one lives here, either. I sigh with fright.
Tapping with Telepathy, I T-view in the far distance on the left side marine life forms playing inside the ocean waters, such as sea turtles, dolphins, starfish, jelly fish, sea horses, and colorful fish. They sea life feed and dance around the pink reefs and white beaches for fun amusement, since the island is both people-less and city-less. The island is a half a mile wide by a half a mile long.
“My new prison,” announcing with both dark humor and total shock, not viewing Rann without any smile or happy facial expression.
Rann leans into a face, whispering for my eardrums, only. “I’m protecting you from Rita and her spies,” smiles at me.
I purse lips, ugly and say, “How gallant of you?” I don’t believe that for an instant, since Rann is the one citizen Rita wants to contain or to kill. I pull sandals off naked feet walking along the wet sand and planting toe bones inside the cool shallow water. Salty ocean waves rush and then wash off the sand over my pink-painted toes to ankles, making me giggle.
Rann holds a right forehead like I going to balk and run away from him while lightly chatting in a right eardrum, “We’re surrounded by creatures of the sea.”
“Creatures!?” I inquire, giggling.
“Sharks, whales, fish, perinea? He teases for fun amuse as I shake curls side to side.
“Perinea in salt water?” I correct knowing better.
“So, don’t try to escape from me?” He taunts for fun amuse while I scan more of a mile-long island sandy shores, then the miles of ocean, then the miles of sky, and then the miles of oxygen air.
“Escape to where?” I tease for fun amusement seeing with eyeballs a land mass dotted with many partially destroyed and damaged structures, noble mansions.
“This is Noble Island.” Rann names properly.
“I didn’t know the Nobles owned an island.” I scoots naked toes over the water waves for fun amuse.
“The Villas belonged to the Nobles for wild parties…(chuckles)…and private vacation spots for a selected guests, a very long time ago.” Rann expresses with mixed emotions of happiness, then angry then sweetness. I sigh with intrigue.
“Before the War,” I guess right.
“The War, the bombings…(pauses)…the Rita,” He expresses with more mixed emotions of sorrow, hate, fury, and more hate. I sigh with sadness.
“The islands were created from volcanic lava millions of years ago. Tok found them. He claimed all the islands on his native home world but discovered that there are hundreds, maybe thousands of little sand barges floating in the gigantic Resort Ocean. He built his first castle, here. Then, the other Nobles followed suite.” Rann detail when I neck snap behind a left shoulder, not seeing the other pesky nobles following us. They stand near the small rowing boats that we traveled from the yacht. I jerk a face to one single Villa as Rann shifts a hand from my forearm to my right hand.
We stroll in a southern direction of a partial built, and partial destroyed structure. A solar wind mill provided electricity for air conditioning and feeds water for plumbing inside the house for living based on my extensive usage of solar equipment on Planet Earth. And I see no market booths, no air ships, no citizens, and no Rita!
I smile and giggle, “This is truly paradise.” I can’t say the same for the bots. Bot numbers the humans, three to one needed to perform the domestic and pampering noble and noblette duties. Rann’s a model Noble in every time line used to being spoiled and pampered as the ‘Prince of the Universe.’ I giggle squeezing his hand likening very much to be his ‘Princess of the Universe,’ since I am going to marry Rann in this time line.  I sigh with true love.
Things are going great, the bestest, since I landed her 145 days ago in a flame burning ancient space shuttle.  I flash back mentally in a third alien warped time line when I learn from Dirk that I am the catalyst causing the rip roaring good time for me but bad time for Dirk. I upset the normal flow of the original space and time continuum. And the only one way to fix it is for me to be returned alive and breathing into the fiery red and blue wormhole hovering around Planet Bonita.
I flash back mentally in a fourth alien warped time line when I learn from Dirk that if Rann and mine fluids mix…(yeah, baby)…then something great happens. The current time line continues with me in it.
So, I am planning to stay and play and marry this man, today, if possible. I giggle silly like a teen and inquire with kitty-cat curiosity while rudely finger points the sandals in a left arm. Rann holds my right hand. “Your castle!?” Rann chuckles while bobbing his curls up and down like a farm pony and.
He sings in sexy baritone trombone, “Mostly. The single surviving upright structure possesses lavatories but no cooking appliances for a kitchen or the air conditioning ventilation for coolness. Rita’s ram bombers did miss the lounging rear Patio and Sun Room,” chuckles from a happy Rann as I neck snap a face over my left shoulder for spying and.
I inquire. “How long are we going to stay here?”
“As long as it takes,” Rann mysteries the words, chuckling while three Bots advance towards us carrying three wicker baskets.
I wrinkle a forehead, ugly then view a nose profile, “Takes, for what exactly!?”
“Rita to give up,” he clarifies releasing my right hand while opening the first basket rumbling around with the contents.
“I see,” well, actually I don’t see at all. I’m not hiding out from Rita. I sigh with no fear. 
Rita is not a threat to me, since I have solved her little problem with my brilliant sabotage plan, well, both Rita’s and Rann’s problem. But, I guess I have created another one with Rann, sabotaging the star ship’s comfones. I giggle at my past wicked alien teen behavior when Rann pulls the most adorable object from the wicker basket. He holds it in the air while baby drooling and snorting like a wild-ass boar and.
He orders. “I insist upon that you wear prison grab, while on the Noble Island.” Rann presents displaying the uniform between two palms.
“I wear a prison uniform,” viewing a tiny a candy pink swim suit, not quiet covering both his large manly palms as Rann shakes his curls side to side, smiling and.
He sings in sexy baritone trombone, “This one! I like the color. There are four more located inside your private suite for….swimming, modeling, and any other activity.” I smile lifting my sandals into the air, since swim suit and summer sandals don’t really mix.
“My shoes,” asking as Rann shakes his curls side to side and.
He orders. “Bare feet required,” chuckling.
“What are my prison chores, Warden?” I tease for fun amusement, smiling as Rann bobs curls up and down and.
He explains with a wicked smile, “There are many manual chores for the single inmate on Noble Island.”
“Many chores,” repeating and laughing while we scoot around the Bots heading towards the partial upright and partial damaged pink Villa.
“First, you’re required to tour the island with me; second, you eat to lunch with me; and third...,” dumps Rann for fun amusement, smiling.
“Let the prison sentence begin!” I cheerlead and giggle when Rann grabs a right hand leading me into the pink Villa’s archway.
“I want to show you, everything, Starra.” Rann voices in an excited baritone trombone. “First, we change, then our first stop is Noble Island.” We walk five feet into a décor filled with the tiny touches of Planet Sahara displaying walking golden tile floors, walls, ceiling, fixtures, and furniture, just like Rann’s old noble castle. Rann instructs standing his hotness in my face. “We part…(smiles)…apart for a little while then revendenous, right here at this spot in five minutes. Is that alright with you, Starra?” I bob curls up and down in silence acceptance. “You’re private suit is to the right. I’m on the left.”
I swing a face prancing in naked toes towards the northern part of the Villa, seeing more damage. The walls, ceiling, and flooring are covered with dried pinky-tinted mud and yellow gravel from the air bombs complements of Empress Rita. Now, I understand the hatred of both Rita and Dirk for destroying something so pretty for greed? For power? For currs? For control? I sigh with revenge.
I should be fighting her, not hiding on an island, since Rann has mentioned that he’s hiding me for my protection. I ain’t afraid of Rita. She cannot hurt me, but she can harm Rann. However, I’ll not allow that to ever happen. Period!!! I sigh with guardian-angel duty.
I carefully trot along the broken flooring gingerly touching the pink broken walls sniffing up the hot humid weather between nose holes, eyeballs, and hair roots without air condition. My bedroom is located on the east side of the villa, a wooden gold-toned bamboo bed covered in golden-colored satin sheets with a white mosquito net canopy over the high frame. A lavatory features an open-air pink coral rock mounted wall from top to bottom along with a flowing water fall. I stroll to the water feeling the cool fresh sensation and beautiful design, not destroyed by Rita’s bombs.
“This is truly paradise,” whispering like butterfly wings for my eardrums, only. I quickly change out of an-almost-not-there-dress into an-almost-not-there-bikini, prancing out the bedroom, giggling along the warm tiles on naked toes.
I meet Rann at our spot in the small reception area then puff a huff of male hotness. Rann wears swimming trunks, only without his signature sleeveless vest on coffee-suntanned hard stack and pack of ripple rounded muscles on chest, arms, biceps, and triceps…(breathe, girl)…His lock of black curls bounce side to side against a triangular chin while smiling and chuckling at little old me.
Rann quickly grabs my right hand jogging out the pink Villa into a bright yellow sunshine while we giggle and snigger like two little kids at elementary school playground recess.  
The tour encompasses four different islands located within four geographic points on the island map, south, north, east, and west directions. It form a tiny circle in the middle of the Resort Ocean connected by four coral rock red-tinted reefs like four bridges, when I don’t T-see using Telepathy.
I step naked toes towards a metal telescope provide by Rann, seeing with eyeballs with a magnified island, then I-probe with Teleclairvoyance, viewing the entire island in a sharp mental mind. The island is a flat geometrically figure designed by world nature in circular pink coral mounds or stones at the center connecting the smaller reefs. Each island is covered in sand and surrounded by water. I don’t see plants, animals, insects, vegetation, fruit trees or large bushes only puke green sea weed in the ocean and tan-colored sea oats growing along some of the shore lines. There are no trees, hills, mountains or slopes. All the small sand islets form making the island flat as a pancake with a beauty spectacular. I sigh with awe.
“This is truly paradise,” whispering as Rann and I walk on naked feet holding hands like lovers towards the first coral rock red-colored bridge when Rann two-steps into my walking path. I giggle silly then Rann two-steps into my right side when I giggly more silly.
Rann swiftly wraps a right arm around my waist pulling me into his hotness. “The northern plane is called ‘Sun Island,’ where we walked from the water transport. It’s the lagoon for transport to and from the island by small wooden boats, only. The rip tide is too strong for parking expensive yachts. This is the southern part of the island. We tread on ‘Noble Island’.” Rann whispers into a right eardrum as I giggle and smile.
“The sand is a different color on Noble Island from Sun Island.” I recall looking into the telescope with naked eyeballs.
“You’re a very good student, Starra. I think as teacher I should reward you,” Rann joshes, smiling and explaining, “The sand is yellow in Sun Island and white in Noble Island.”
“This is truly paradise,” whispering like butterfly wings for eardrums while cuddling closer to Rann’s heated nakedness then stepping on his tender toes. He slightly shifts naked toes to the side, chuckling.
“Part of the mystic and beauty of paradise,” Rann whispers, “On the east side, the lava rock formations display wonderful sunrises and sunsets. The western part is called ‘Coral Island’ for snorkeling, fishing, and diving among the pinkish-orange reefs.”
“The sand is black on…,” can’t remember the name.
“Luna Island,” Rann names.
“And, red on Coral Island. This is truly paradise a meadow of pink reefs and colorful playgrounds for fun and adventure.” I sigh with pleasure.
“I’m glad you approve. We’ll be here for a couple of days.” He pulls my body closer into his face but doesn’t kiss a cheekbone face, yet.
“Just a couple of days, I can stay for a life time, here.” I smile while noting only white sand then neck snap a face behind a left should. “No flowers adore your home.” I return eyeballs to the sparkling greenish-blue lagoon.
Rann shakes his curls side to side like a cute Agri male-pony for me as I giggle with at his new physical cuteness. “The sandy mounds are teeming with plant life under the water for eye observing. Above ground, it’s too heated during the day and to cool at night for any type of marine plant life to survive.”
“What about our food?” I ask.
“Imported,” Rann thumbs a folded fist behind a left shoulder as I neck snap a face behind my left shoulder. All the bots work hardy floating and carrying numerous white packages, tubs and boxes into our shared pink-tinted Villa.
“Everything’s imported,” I conclude.
“Except for the waterfall,” Rann chuckles while referring the waterfall shower inside my private suit.
“For an exotic bath,” I counter with sexy fun.
He chuckles, “A hidden spring of fresh water hidden within a rock mound provides our Villa with cold liquid for both drinking and bathing.”
“I thought that was what oceans were for.” I giggle silly while smiling at him.
“The oceans are for both pleasure and fun, not survival.” He joins my chuckles.
“Pleasure and fun, when does this all start!?” I tease with sexy fun while bumping a right elbow into a hard chest of muscles.
“Right now!” Rann words then starts to jog and tugs a right hand for me to join the run. We lightly jog on naked toes over to Sun Island using a pink coral reef walkway.
Hbot has set up a white cloth tent with two soft cloth chairs and a table of cold beverages and food. There aren’t any formal concrete or glass structures on Sun Island, since it’s the entrance point into the circle of small islands when rowing boats come onto the sandy shoreline.
Rann and I play near the shore line of the white sand on Sun Island, the name of the lagoon. I build white many short and slender sand castles, while Rann doesn’t finish his one single tall and square sand castle then swiftly gallops like a horse race behind my shoulder blades while tearing mine short castles down into the sands with two manly hands and two big feet. I finally get mad and tear down his puny castle as Rann attacks my back muscles then we wrestle like enemies while giggling and tossing sand into each other hair roots, until Hbot breaks up the fighting like a Mama dog.
We stand and handshake as ordered by Hbot then hold for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds…4 seconds…then Rann pulls me into his chest. Rann magically twists and pretzels my right arm around his left bicep then we walk and talk and walk and talk along white beach getting suntanned, collecting sea shells, watching the “true” natives, dolphins. The frisky gray dolphins leap, swing, and swim off the shoreline into the deeper part of Resort Ocean. Time stands still for four hours, but not my heart, mind or soul. I sigh with true love.
Luna Island. bright stars. full moon. 85ºF. evening. I sing in flute music and wash a dirty sweaty body inside a pinky-orangey waterfall shower of cold water and pink bubbles from the pink bar of soap while getting off the wet white sand.
I emerge from the hallway, ya’ll…in a new bikini, black barely covering three girly parts with exposed ten naked toe bones wiggling like earthworms. I like this dress code, since the weather is hot, humid, and handsome as I sexy priss towards a smiling Rann. He stands in our spot in the small reception room, wearing a new set of swimming trunks, brown with hard muscles and naked toes. Then he gently grabs a right hand while we pad out the door for the evening. “Where are we going?” I ask.
“On a night time picnic,” he smiles being secretive for fun amusement.
“A night time picnic,” I repeat with mystery as Rann cuddles me into a right armpit then we pad in a different direction from Noble Island.
“Ya like to eat.” He comments.
“I love to eat.” I remark.
“I thought we could dine, together.” Rann suggests.
“Together, just you and me,” I say.
“Together,” he smiles, tightening the gripe on my hand while squashing the yellow sands between our toes to the next door island and using the most dangerous transport, the coral reef natural rocks separated by ocean waters.
I stand naked feet on the yellow sand while studying with narrowed eyelashes the black sand across the water and note, “The coral reef bridge’s out.”
Rann shakes black curls side to side, chuckling like a farm rooster while moving to stand fanny-behind me. He explains. “There never was a bridge, only rocks. The sands are alive.”
I annoy, “Rann.”
“Starra, I’m going to lift ya into the air then drop your pretty feet onto an exposed rock. After you land, shuffle your toes towards the edge of the rock and let me jump onto the mound with you…(pauses)….,” chuckles like a son of a gun.
“Rann, no…,” yelling in fluttering flute music at the black sand, since I stand in front of the rocks and ocean with Rann rubs his tallness against me. we both giggle and purr like kittens.
“Yesss…,” sings Rann in baritone while swiftly man-pulling me into his chest. He quickly lifts my petiteness, holding me tightly around a waist with two hands then soars me and my naked feet towards the first pink coral mound stone between the rough slapping salty foamy white ocean waves.
“Rannnn…,” screaming his name, landing like a kitty-cat on two soles then T-balance with Telekinesis from falling off a small pink rock no more than ten inches in diameter.
“Good, ya remembered my name. So, scream again…,” orders Rann when rapidly jumping his tallness right into my fanny-behind me. He grabs and wraps an arm around a left breast and my waist while man-pulling me into his naked chest. I T-zap using Telekinesis replacing my bikini top back over my nakedness and balancing both of us in place, before we fall head first into the cold ocean waters.
The pink individual coral reef stone formations vary in far distance and geometric length from ten inches to fifteen inches as Rann thrusts me forward for a second time with man-strength. I leap, kitten-like into the air using a T-touch of Telekinesis for safety then swiftly step a right big toe onto a sedimentary rock covered with invisible salt water.
I slide a body to the right then left then T-catch my petiteness while T-powers feel a tall Rann soar like a bird. He lands against a naked fanny-behind in my black throng while we giggle and purr like two kittens in the litter. We both slip and slide naked feet on the slippery rock as I T-balance using Telekinesis both of us on top of the short mound while wrpped like a Christmas bow around each other bodies.
I do not want another bath, since the ocean salt water is cold in the evening temperatures. Rann and I rabbit hop, then leap-frog, and then kangaroo jump like little kids while giggling and cooing like doves. I T-zap using Telekinesis to correct an abused bikini when Rann grabs my body messing up my bouncing girly body parts as I giggle with fun amusement. Then, Rann lifts and leaps, kitten-like me for a third time onto the solid ground, well, a rock ground as I glide to the right out of his shadow. I tap on the cold stone with a left set of five toe bones.
“This is rock.” I observe while examining with eyeballs on the island foundation.
“Luna is cooled lava, millions of years old. There’s no vegetation, only black rock decomposing into black sands along the shore line on that side.” Rann explains.
“I want to touch the black sand.” I order.
“This is my favorite island,” Rann comments.
“Luna translates into ‘moon’,” defining the term.
“Luna Island is for lovers.” He remarks in sexy baritone as I stare at the tiny island in the dusk light with eyeballs.
“Now, I understand. The island’s carved in a geometric shape of a heart.” I observe, getting the image inside my neurons of ‘heart moon,’ using Teleclairvoyance, when tracking down the Rebels for Empress Rita. Rann was here, all the time. Wow! My Tele powers do work, perfectly.
“You’re correct. How did you know that, Starra?” Rann asks with tomcat curiosity.
“O! I read about it in….(pauses)…school,” lying big time, since I’m an alien from Earth while giggling and flirting with Rann.
“I’m impressed.” Rann smiles while hugging my shoulders and sweet breathing into a right eardrum.
“Yeah! I’m impressed, too.” I smile and skip two naked soles ahead of Rann, touching the black sand with naked feet. “The sand’s cool to the touch.”
“Yes.” Rann agrees padding behind me.
“And….(scan the rock)…I’m seeing things. There are strange rocks,” cocking a jaw to the right.
“These are statutes made of granite and rock minerals from under the salt ocean.” Rann pronounces in a right eardrum.
“Are the monuments to something with historically significant?” I inquire.
“The statutes were erected for both fun and entertainment.” Rann jokes, chuckling.
 “So, there are no life forms in the black sand.” I conclude.
“Luna Island is barren, except for the sea birds and their nests occupied by the very young babies.” He finger points up at the top of one of the many statutes as I T-view with Telepathy the nests and then something else. The something else looks like a figure. A person!? A king!?
“Dirk! That’s Dirk on top of the rock statue,” laughing my pretty ass off along with Rann.
“Birds in his head,” smart-asses Rann then we both laugh.
“I agree with that analogy,” back stabbing my long lost cousin. Rita sweetly reminded me right before I figured out the secret base and sabotaged Rann’s and Rita’s star ships.
However, I’m not related to that vile evil sub-human citizen and haven’ seen his pale face, during the entire seventh time line, either. But, I have Rita always full of fun torture and dangerous games. 
Wbot has packed our night time picnic in a large brown wicket basket. The Waiter Robot beautifully decorates a slightly elevated stone with a white cloth placing small square yellow paper lanterns around the edge of the white fabric. Then, Wbot lights each candle inside square creating a lovely soft glow of yellow and red mini-fire. It lays out two plates, two sets of silverware, and two glasses on the cloth rock table, humming, “Supper is served, Sire.”
Rann leads me to the side of the rock as I bend kneecaps, sitting cross-legged without any chairs. He details, smiling while plopping crossed-legged right next to my right kneecap and slightly touches our naked skin together. “Sbot has fished for shrimp, lobster, oysters, and crab in the cove, this afternoon for our evening meal.” 
“A gourmet meal,” complimenting Sbot while sinking front teeth into the white tender meat of a shrimp tail and admiring the yellow flames dance on Rann’s newly suntanned coat of handsomeness.  I smile, giggle and feel the heat-ness and hotness from a close body, swallowing the delicious juicy meat. “This is so breathtakingly beautiful,” smiling but eating with two lips closed.
“A toast,” raising a paper form of a white goblet into the air towards me.
“To Luna Island,” filling in the blank, giggling and touching my paper goblet to his for fun amusement.
“To Starra,” honors Rann with my name while bowing a chin to me. I smile.
“To Rann and Starra,” honoring both of us on an island, together.
“To Starra and Rann,” repeats Rann with fun amusement, chuckling.
“Here, here!” I cheer as our paper goblets smash together. Squish. Our glasses bend inwards pouring sweet purple grape fruit juice over five finger pads as we giggle like two kiddies at playground recess.
“Leave us,” Rann orders in sexy baritone to Wbot while staring dancing eyeballs at me. Wbot floats ass-backwards in my left eyeball while noting with my neurons that interesting robot-move during a red and yellow sunset blaring across a pink stones. “We’re finally alone, Starra,” Rann smiles. I sigh with danger.
“Is that good for you or me?” I flirted with twinkling eyes as Rann raises an eyebrow, left and.
He smiles, “I believe, it’s a good thing for the both of us.”
“Is that so?” I tease for fun amusement placing a tiny piece of the white lobster in my mouth. The juices tinkle my taste buddies with pleasure, but not as much as Rann tinkles my other body parts, “The food is delicious.”
“Thank you!” He remarks as I fun amuse him as a Prisoner of War for a second time. I flash back mentally into a third alien time line when I was Rann captured prisoner and tried to escape from Rann four times, and failed each time.
Rann wipes hands and finger pads clean on his napkin, smiling and proposing. “Do you enjoy dancing, Starra?”
“I love to dance especially with a partner of equal skill.” I muse, giggling.
“So do I?” Rann smiles.
“I’m your prisoner. Am I allowed to dance, sir? That’d be pleasure, instead of pain for an inmate on an isolated and confined island.” I ask playfully.
“I am the prince. Everyone, including prisoners, is allowed to pleasure, as well as, toil on my island.” Rann informs while picking at my crab meat with his fork then quickly eats the selected fish entree. He chews closed soft pink lips, very slowly as my inner emotions skyrocket to the moon with both innocent and love. I sigh with true love.
Rann swallows the lump of fish then quickly polishes off his plate as I wait and play with my bits of seafood feeling too shy and love-sick. He commands. “Thank you for accommodating me to dinner along with our stimulating conservation…(pauses)…together. This has been a truly memorable night for…,” words Rann when a sharp alto cuts off his sentence. I sigh with true love.
“…us…,” finishing with a smile.
Day 146. Sun Island. baby blue skies. yellow sun. no clouds. 88ºF. morning. My second day of paradise…naw…prison, giggling. I have found the most perfect spot just lying in the warm ocean salt water in a bright and hot sun while warming a fading tanned body in a new swim suit…naw…prison uniform. I giggle with closed eyelashes.
“Good morning,” greets a smiling Rann while drinking something in a tall gold glass.
“Hi there,” I greet as Rann snaps fingers then Sbot floats over to me in the sand while holding a golden tray with six different heights of glasses. I grab the tallest glass, hoping this is not the beverage of Fizz and I thirst.
Today’s going to be hot. The weather is predicted, using a T-zap from my Teleclairvoyance, is 95 degrees Fahrenheit of heat, no clouds, and lots of sunny hot rays to tan a fading body. I down the drink in three gulps, tasting cold sweet grape juice. I grab a second glass from the tray by Wbot’s mechanical limbs.
“You’re up very early, Starra, darling,” Rann notices me while I smile and giggle lying on the wet towel.
“The day light summed me from a deep slumber, sugar,” I smile and splash cool water on Rann’s naked toe bones.
“We can swim in the lagoon and work on your tan,” Rann updates, chuckling while squatting kneecaps next my closed eyelashes.
“I thought you said there were sea creatures, sweetheart,” commenting and smiling, not moving.
“Only a myth,” sweet breathing into a right eardrum.
“You fibbed,” questioning while smiling.
“I don’t want you to escape, love.” He plays with sexy fun.
“Escape to where….(giggles)…We’re surrounded by water, dear,” teasing.
“You tend to vanish from eye sight, when no one is holding on to you, darling,” joshes Rann while passing a dark shadow over my right forearm then a warmth touch then firmly grabs me. Rann man-pulls me up from the sand with two biceps and two thigh muscles that brings me closer to a heated body. The proper Noble smiles while looking, very fine. Indeed! I sigh with true love.
“I like to disappear for a while, before re-surfacing.” I taunt for sexy fun.
“I’ll have to remember, that fact.” Rann teases and smiles while magically twists and pretzels his body around me. We walk towards a new coral-red reef bridge. I T-probe using Teleclairvoyance seeing an intact bridge but have fun with sexy Rann acting sweet and stupid.
I ask in fluttering flute while flirting a right hand around his fit waist, “Are we going to visit Luna Island, again, this morning, darling?” Rann chuckles like a silly clown then coos like a dove from my wicked hand tickle and.
He explains. “The black rock is welcoming at night, but not during the day time hours. Tok recorded weather temperatures over 130 degrees, hot even to melt skin.” Rann touches a newly glowing golden skin with his five finger tips on my left hand. “You seen to tan easy, not sunburn.”
“Can’t stand the heat, huh, sugar?” I joke. “I can stand lots of sweat, heat, and activity,” giggling with my silliness as Rann smiles pulling me closer into his naked chest.
“Sun Island is the play spot for sweat, heat, and fun activity, today. Hover craft is not permitted, except for a smaller version of a ski bike.” Rann quickly subject changes.
“I’m willing to…sweat for fun,” word flirting as Rann snaps two fingers. Two Sbots float ass-backwards from the ocean waters towing two ski bikes to parked spot in the sand. Rann orders, shoving a right shoulder towards one of the ski bikes, “Mount up!”
“Yes, sir,” obeying while galloping towards the ski bike then toss a right leg over the banana-shaped seat of yellow. I race the hand gear that controls the motor with a loud roar then smile at Rann while giggling. Rann accelerates to me then lands and.
He instructs. “The first sea bike to that sand barge, over there, will win the Race.” I wink an eyelash, right at Rann, flirting for sexy fun.
“Wins what, sugar?” I ask as Rann pouts lips, cute-like then smiles at me.
“I don’t know. But, he wins,” smiles Rann as I slides my lips, left and.
I correct, giggling, “Ya mean, she wins.”
“Maybe,” he remarks.
“Definitely,” I insist.
“Sbot, start the race,” Rann ordered.
This is so much fun competing in another race with Rann, not a Death-race, but a Love-race. I giggle watching with narrowed eyelashes at Sbot with a white cloth napkin for the Race Flag in a metal limb of three mechanic fingers. I sigh with fun.
“Select your mark! Ready! Set! Go!” Sbot hums its mechanical voice.
I gun the handle bar with a right hand. Zoom! The craft soars over green water like tossing a pebble stone across a calm lake with my speed hovers at 40 miles-per-hour. The sand barge is a mile away. I press the handle, again. Zoom! I’m actually walking on water, so much fun.
I fly over approaching white foams of greenish-blue two feet high waves igniting the thrusts to maneuver upward, avoiding a small tidal wall. if I fully submerge the ski bike into the depths of the ocean salt water, I might be swimming back to the shore. Or maybe, not!?
I have a feeling that Rann’ll rescue me, giggling. I’d be riding with him on his sea bike. Great idea! Laughing, Rann’s leads me by ten feet, so I twist the handle forward inserting more speed from the small engine of the ski bike. I pass Rann, winning. I sigh with victory.
A tall blue unstoppable tide wave hits me and my ski bike, being too low, skimming the ocean like a fish. I swiftly shift in the ski bike upright while losing both fast speed and short distance. Rann easily passes me heading towards the sand bar, first. Rann’s going to win. I should use my Tele powers, not fair. I wanna to win using with my other talents. I sigh with deflat.
Rann hits the golden sand barge before me then jumps, T-rex from the bike, wildly waving two arms, two hands, two legs, and two feet like a chicken dance in victory of our Love-race. I sigh with defeat.
He has won, fair and square while I have lost, fair and square. I shift the gear to a low speed flying into the sand barge, last in the race. I didn’t want to hit Rann or his vehicle, even though I was mad that I lost the sea craft competition. I sigh with sadness.
I want to win, parking the ski bike then slowly tossing a left leg over the banana seat, standing in defeat. I don’t compliment as Rann dances in round and semi-round circles with kicking feet and a hard body shifting and shuffling side to side blasting golden sand over his legs and my legs.
“I won. I’m the greatest ski biker in the universeeeeee,” sings Rann in happy baritone trombone. He’s happy while I’m happy for him. I have to be a good sport about this childish game. After all, I’m his prisoner.
I attack glowering in meanie alien attitude slapping gold sands over my naked feet. “Actually, Sbot won the race. It was the first to arrive on the sand barge.” Rann stops swirling a hard body then smiles then pouts lips, cute-like while walking towards me. I stand in the middle of the sand with folded naked arms over my breasts.
He stops and stands four inches from my face placing two muscular biceps around my collar bone, “Now! Now! Sbot was not included in the race, only you and me. I was the first one to the sand barge. I won.”
I sing in flat flute, “You won. I’m the lousy ski biker in the universeeee,” pouting lips, ugly with the sorry line and the sorry time line.
After I crash-landed the ancient space shuttle on Bonita for the seventh time, I was stunned with a maser and then cuffed by wrists, then threatened by the new Empress of the Universe with death for alien-trespassing. I did her favor by ending the War for both sides. I was beaten, kidnapped, blindfolded, and abducted to a private isolated island in the middle of an ocean on a damaged world.
Finally! After seven time lines, I’m all alone with the love of my life. The only action I have gotten from him is a smile and a slight touch with ten finger pads on a collar bone. I sigh with true love.
I truly love Rann and have not forgotten our love and our romance since the second time line. But he has, and does, and continues too, since I keep getting dead and then keep coming back alive at the start of a new space and time continuum. Then, I have to keep winning Rann back from the other pretty girls…naw…pretty me. I sigh with bitterness.
He possesses a couple of special T-powers, too, feeling and seeing my depressed and unhappy state of mind coupled with a distorted face, “How about another race back to the shore line?” Rann challenges.
I smile and share, “Really!?” Rann bobs wet curls that don’t move, since they’re glued to his neck and.
He smiles so sweetly at me, “Of course, I’ll give you another chance to redeem yourself. What do you say, darling?” I bob wet curls like a duck and.
I sing in fluttering flute, “Yes, I’d like to redeem myself.” Rann leans into my space, too close and.
He sweet breathes on my nose, “Will that make you happy, dear?” Rann chuckles.
I sing in flute, “Yes, it will,” back stepping from Rann as we gallop towards our individual ski bikes for a second race.
We load on the seat lining up at the sandy shoreline, “Are you ready, Starra?” Rann inquires as I rev the small engine.
“I’m ready and able to defeat you, Rann.” I tease, smiling for sexy fun.
“Sbot, start the second race,” Rann orders.
“Ready! Set! Go!” Hbot hums then the robot floats up and off the sand bar two seconds later passing me on the left side of the water.
“Show off!” I moan with defeat, jerking the handle forward in a hard embrace. I’m going to win this race to the shore line. Zoom! I don’t look back, steering straight for the white sand. I sigh with victory.
I reach and land on the white sands, first then yell in victory. “I win,” jumping, T-rex from the bike with Rann pulls behind me.
“Victory of the Race!” He smiles, man-pulling me into his chest with happiness, since he really has allowed me to win, being a good prince and sport. I swing a face and cuddle into him arms.
“That was too easy. I suggest another run to the sand barge. Winner gets both titles.” I challenge as he ponders my statement.
Rann smiles and bobs wet curls. “Alright, I want another chance to steal all the titles from you.”
“You can try,” flirting while he doesn’t release my cuddle but just stares and smiles into my twinkling pupils for 1 second…2 seconds…then Rann back steps on heels.
He swings a body and leaps, kitten-like on the seat, ordering. “Sbot, again, if you please,” with a smooth calm sexy baritone, not being annoyed or mad at me. I sigh with true love.
“Ready! Set! Go!” Sbot hums for a third time as I soar like a seagull into the air by five feet. I really did not want to do that action since I pushed the handle, too far.
I fly down low skimming the tops of the waves for fun, not show, well for both show and fun. Rann is close, not too close, but watching me and is going to let me win, again. Giggling, Rann does like me, interested in me as I gun the handle forward to ensure the sands, first.
Rann’s not quiet catching my speed but hanging five feet behind me, letting me win. I sprint onto the sand barge with a hard jolt almost knocking a few front teeth loose, giggling then leaping like a lion seal off the ski bike.
I raised two hands, two arms, and a right leg while giggling five toe bones in the air for fun, shouting, “Victor of all the Sand Races.” Rann lands, easing a leg off the bike while smiling and chuckling at me.
“Alright! I admit. You’re the Victor of all the Sand Races.” He shouts, holding an arm and five finger pads in a warm salute to me making me happy.
I jump, kitten-like into his open arms, without thinking. Rann catches me while we circled around and around against each other’s hot, sweaty body. He pulls the embrace tighter, hugging me, and finally, kisses my parted lips. I sigh with true love.
Our kiss is deep and passionate, longing the moment with my divine day dream for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds…then we surface. I sigh with shyness.
“Thank you,” whispering and smiling.
“If you act this way with all your victories, we should compete, more often.” Rann chuckles.
“I agree. What other competitions are we engaging, today?” I ask, giggling.
“I’ll have to think about that one. But, in the meantime, we can continue to celebrate this victory for you.” Rann smiles.
“I wholehearted agree,” remarking then kissing his smile. I don’t want this to end, ever. I want this alien time line to continue, forever. Rann and I, together on an ocean island located on in the middle of asteroid Resort, my destiny. I sigh with true love.
Day 147. Coral Island. We walked through a pink reef bridge with Rann almost carrying me between taunt biceps for sexy fun, since he cuddles me so close to his hotness, but I don’t mind. I sigh with true love.
“Welcome to Coral Island,” Rann announce while I giggle and observe red sand, soft and sparkles like Sahara rubies in the yellow sun light.
“The reefs are made from oyster beds,” Rann lectures into my right eardrum.
Hbot hums into Rann’s left eardrum, “Sire, these coral reefs are biotic reef types which include oyster reefs but are mostly composed of depositions of sand, wave erosion from rock, built by the interaction of organism and their environment with contribution to the macroscopic skeletal framework you are viewing under the ocean...” dumps the island history.
“Thank you, Sbot.” Rann smoothly instructs the robot that carries the tent supplies, food, beverages, towels, and water gear.
“I see.” I tease and giggle.
“Oyster beds produce...,” Rann lectures into my right eardrum.
“Baby oysters,” I tease and giggle.
“And they also hold baby pearls,” Rann lectures into a right eardrum.
“That’s fascinating.” I tease and giggle.
“Sbot, retrieve.” Rann orders as Sbot opens a brown wicker compartment on the bottom of its metal silver cylinder body. A long metal silver slick pole extends into the greenish-blue ocean water. Then five tick-tock seconds later, a metal limb surfaces with the pole covered in slimy oyster shells. Yuck-o!
Sbot pulls the pole towards its metal body as I don’t tease, but seriously confirm. “I’m not really hungry, at the moment.”
“We can have them for dinner, later tonight.” Rann explains while bobbing his curls at Sbot. Sbot stores the oyster shells next to a second wicker basket for suppertime.
“Okay,” moaning softly. I sigh with messy.
“Open it,” Rann orders.
“Yes, Sire,” Sbot hums using a second metal limb like a left arm. The robot pries the shell loose then hands the open smelly mollusk to Rann. Rann smiles holding the shellfish in a right palm then pulls an object from the gray gummy tongue and.
He presents with an index finger and thumb pad and smiles, “A gold pearl to match your beautiful shiny golden skin, darling.”
“You’re so sweet. Thank you, Rann,” then plant a dry kiss on his soft lips then we surface. He smiles and.
He compliments, “You’re very welcome, Starra. Let’s try to find more pearls for ya, darling. The pearl cultivation process requires a floating piece of mussel to enter the oyster’s bed...,” lectures Rann when a sharp tenor cuts off the sentence.
Sbot hums into Rann’s left eardrum, “Sire, oysters produce pearls by covering an invading piece of grit with nacre. Over a three to six year time period, the grit is covered with enough nacre to form what you are describing as a pearl. There are many different types, shapes and colors of pearls. This depends on the pigment of the invading piece of girt being covered over by the mollusk...,” wording when a sharp baritone cuts off the sentence.
“Thank you, Sbot,” Rann interrupts as I giggle that he’s showing off, not the robot.
I flash back mentally into a second alien time line when I discovered Rann’s mysterious and deadly past. He was born and lived on Resort before his murder trial, conviction, and sentencing of killing another Resort citizen. Then Rann was sentenced to serve a life term on the Prison Planet, Sahara. His biological Daddy was a Captain of a boat on Resort.
I flash present mentally understanding that Rann knows a lot about boats, sea, and marine life during his youth while growing up, here on Resort, knowing all about water, and landscapes, and pearls.
“I see,” giggling.
Sbot doesn’t obey Rann’s command then hums into Rann’s left eardrum, “Sire, pearls beds are found in numerous supplies around ocean reefs. They do come in different shapes and colors. There is white, blue, red, and gold.”
“I see,” complimenting the robot as Rann ignores the humming noise.
“Here we go!” Rann uprights a torso from a third brown wicker basket at his feet, handing me a pair of water flippers and a breathing mask for water snorkeling around the pink reef to find the numerous pearl beds. Since, I T-probed Rann’s open and happy mind that contains me and his treasure find of pearl beds.
“Go into the water…,” whining like I stepped a right set of naked toes into a fresh pile of turtle dookie while staring with eyelashes at the flippers like twin re-coiled rattlesnakes as Rann chuckles and.
He flips the twin rubber in the air like a duckling’s webbed feet, “The pearls are located inside the oysters, which are located under the water, darling,” expressing and chuckling.
I’m a girl from a farm located on Starbuck Plantation on Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. My farm has water in the form of ponds, lakes and stream, fresh water, not ocean sharks, eels or sea weed. The water feeds the streams for drinking water in the wells and troughs for the animals on my farm.
“I don’t like water, Rann,” whining like I stepped a left set of naked toes into the same fresh pile of turtle dookie. Because, I’m blinded and fallen in love with Rann. I sigh with panic.
“Everyone loves water, Starra, darling,” sliding one rubber flipper into a left hand then a right hand grabs my forearm.
“Naw, not everyone,” adjusting with the proper words of Rann’s silly statement.
“Naw!?” Rann sings in baritone, chuckling.
“Bonita slang.” I honestly fib while back stepping naked toes from the duckling’s feet.
“Well, Bonita produces very usual citizens, Starra…(chuckles)…and is a dry continent, but there are a few ponds. Didn’t you swim as a child?” Rann asks, chuckling at silly me.
“Yes, I think,” honestly lying since I can’t remember, at the moment, if I ever have swam like a swan as a child. But, I don’t like water. I take showers, not baths. I confess while back stepping my toes from the duckling’s webbed feet (flippers). “I like land. I like lots of land under my feet, not water. I like air. I like lots of air to fill my healthy lungs, not water.” Rann holds tightly my left forearm and.
He coaches. “You don’t breathe the water, darling. You’re supposed to hold your breathe just for a few seconds, so we can dive for oysters and see the fishes around the reef, Starra.” Rann smiles at me.
“Don’t know,” whining like I stepped a right set of naked toes into a pile of fresh seagull shit.
“Step into the warm water,” Rann pulls a right arm with a slight forced tug then I stumble forward into his chest.
“The fishes don’t bite,” he laughs into my right eardrum.
“I’m not afraid of fish, but I…am afraid of the water,” objecting to the water, not the huddle.
“I see angel fishes with soft flurry wings,” he brags for fun while searching narrowed eyelids at the crystal clear warm water as Sbot hovers next to Rann.
“Fins,” Sbot hums into Rann’s left eardrum.
“I see gold fishes with soft fins,” he tosses a jaw towards the water while holding me tight from escaping.
“I can see them from here, Rann,” struggling between his biceps. I sigh with fear.
“There are lots of different colored fishes to see,” he holds tight and teases me like a small child.
Sbot hums into Rann’s left eardrum and hovers over the water, “A scientific research study has tallied 535 coral species, representing 75 percent of all known species. In addition, the study found 828 fish species previously unrecorded in these ocean waters, raising the total number of fish and organism species for Coral Island and the surrounding reef habitats to 1, 072.” Rann neck snaps a red angry face to Sbot and.
He violently shouts at the robot, “Enough!”
“I see, giggling at the Resort duel comedy routine.
“Sbot, leave us.” Rann orders as Sbot flies ass-backwards from me and Rann back to the tent. I snicker for fun while Rann turns his undivided attention to me and smiles.
“I don’t want to see the fish,” then struggle with both hands and feet from him.
“You’re almost in the water, Starra. Just one step, we can swim with the fishes.” He plays as the ocean waves splash at my naked ankles.
“Don’t know,” back stepping heels from Rann while he pulls with a right hand on my left forearm, since a left bicep and hand holds our snorkeling gear.
“Another step,” Rann encourages while man-pulling me towards him into deeper water.
“I cannot do this,” whining in fear.
“You can. I’m going to aid you every step of the way,” he chuckles as warm salt ocean reaches my kneecaps. I sigh with panic.
“Don’t think so,” whining in fear.
“Take a large step,” he instructs while tugging on my right forearm, since I’m very small compared to his tall frame. He can lift and fling me into the air with my protesting and drop me into the ocean for fun. But, Rann’s a gentleman. I feel better holding his hand with this splash exercise. The wave touches the bottom of my red bikini, since I’m about one third of the way wet on a body. I sigh with panic.
“I wanna to go back,” protesting in fear.
“This is supposed to be fun.” Rann insists.
“Fun for whom?” I moan in fear.
“One more step. You’ll be half wet and ready for diving,” he observes then man-tugs as I fall into his chest. The sand stops, I mean, the sand floor drops by three feet from under my naked toe bones. Ocean water slaps my throat.
“I’m drowning,” yelling in fear.
“I’m holding you. You’re fine. Start kicking with your feet!” He instructs as I obey and kick with both legs. Rann plays with the snorkeling gear with two hands as I hold onto his collar bone with ten finger pads, giggling in his face. Rann praises, “You’re floating and swimming. Good girl.”
“I’m done swimming. We’re finished for the day. Let’s get some cold beverages,” placing a new order, smiling.
“Naw…(chuckles)…We be diving next, darling,” he explains, chuckling.
“Dive? I just learned to swim, a few seconds ago,” whining like I stepped off the sandy shoreline into the deep ocean, because, I have.
“You’re a quick study, sweetheart…(winks at me)…I can tell these things.” He smiles and teases.
“Ya can. Are you Tele?” I tease and smiles back.
“Yes, I am. I can tell your future. You’re not going to drown as long as I’m with you, darling.” He smiles man-pulling me closer to his chest for both love and protection.
“Ya promise!?” I challenge with flat lips.
“I promise, darling. Now, lift a foot in the air. I’ll slip on your flipper, babe,” Rann instructs as I push a right foot into the air while leaning into his chest and hanging onto his neck like a leech. I sigh with true love.
I truly don’t know how to swim, recalling that historical fact. My mind swims within proper parameters, giggling and blowing sweet breathes into Rann’s right eardrum for sexy fun. 
But, I really don’t like water and do only take showers, not baths. And, I do live on a farm and have never seen ocean, much let dived in water, feet or skull, first. So, I’m fibbing as Rann gently places a webbed rubber flipper on a right foot.
“The other foot,” he asks and I obey, not tearing away from a warm, hot, wet, heated muscled chest.
“Thank you,” sweet breathing into a right eardrum as Rann chuckles.
“You’re very welcome. That was easy. Place the mask over your pretty face, like so,” he asks and I obey while hanging like a silly monkey onto him. I gingerly flap legs like a plantation duck, sniggering into a right eardrum with sexy fun.
I don’t want this to end but don’t want to tour the coral reefs. But, Rann wants to go and I go with him. I sigh with true love.
Rann finishes applying a left flipper to a bare feet as it slaps the water. Rann dons his snorkeling gear quickly while I lounge on two broad muscular shoulders cooing in his right eardrum. I sigh with true love.
“Ready?” He sounds in deep baritone tuba like a grouchy grizzly bear with the mouthpiece hitting a side cheekbone.
“I’m ready,” saying and smiling holding the mouthpiece away from my lips.
“You’re a very brave girl. I’ll have to reward you, this afternoon.” He smiles and teases.
“Reward me, how?” I giggle.
“We’re going to descend two feet. Hold me hand! Don’t let go!” Rann instructs while we part. Aw! Then he firmly grabs a right hand man-pulling me into right left side. We waddle in the water like ducklings as he instructs with dancing brown pupils. “On the count of three, take a big gulp of air. One, two, three, breathe,” he sucks in oxygen molecules as I suck in oxygen molecules.
I hold the combination of two parts oxygen and one part hydrogen inside healthy lungs. I flash back mentally into a fourth alien time line when I dived to the bottom of the ocean on Bonita, because Dirk threatened to assassin Rann. I retrieved a newly created black diamond for evil Dirk. I got it then he got me. I died when a sea monster ate me for lunch.
I violently jerk a right hand while girly-pushing away Rann’s tight hand gripe and back pedal towards the safe shoreline. Rann stops and pulled off his mask, staring with bull-frog eyeballs at me. He swings a body while pedaling with hands and feet towards me, shouting, “What’s wrong?” I reach the shoreline quickly then slide the mask off freckles, standing and viewing the deep darker parts of the Resort Ocean and.
I inquire with fear, “Are you quiet certain that there are not any…sea monsters?” I wrap arms around my breasts as Rann walks from the water then jogs to me, embracing me with two loving arms.
He offers into a right eardrum, “I’m very sorry for telling you that teasing bit of bad humor. There are not any…(nods skull)…sea creatures in the ocean. I promise. Cross my heart. Do you believe me?” He smiles.
“I believe you.”
“Ready for a second go, darling,” kissing my forehead with a sweet wet kiss.
“Okay,” whispering as Rann replaces his mask then holds a right hand. We slowly pads then jump, kitten-like into the ocean while towing me like a tug boat along for the tidal waves. I sigh with panic.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Don’t breathe out! Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
There are no sea monsters, opening eyelashes inside the plastic seeing mask. I see pink rock reef with geometric shapes of hollow pockets teeming with crayon-colored marine life. I see tons of rainbow colors reflecting off the coral stone from the above water ultraviolet light from the yellow sun in the blue sky, so beautiful. The surrounding water is clear crystal blue allowing for eye vision of far, far away distances with the plastic mask. I T-probe with Telepathy while seeing and feeling the other mammals far away miles from the island. The sea critters mind their own affairs such as eating, preying, sleeping, and nursing their young. This place is truly paradise, also.
Rann jerks my hand then finger points to the surface for air. He needs air as I Tele-shield using Telemetabolics around my body with a pocket of very limited air supply for protection and sanity. I really don’t like water, swimming, diving or snorkeling as Rann leads the way to the top of the water. I surface and pull off the mask, breathing a rich mixture of sea salty air into tight lungs. Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in. Breathe out.
“You did great. Look how happy, you are!?” Rann smiles, hugs, and kisses my face.
“Thank you. I had a great dive instructor to guide me and hold my hand, literally.” I giggles holding a right hand as Rann still clings to me. I sigh with true love.
“Sorry, I didn’t want you to wander underwater,” Rann cares so sweetly, smiling at me. “Are you too tired for another round of sightseeing?”
“I’m fine. I want to see more as long as I am with you.” I agree to be with Rann anyway.
“Stay close! We’ll swim around the east side of the reef, take treasures, and then resurface for air.” He instructs.
“Aye, aye, captain!” I obey and giggle as we replace masks then dive into the warm water, head first. 
The fishes display rainbows of colors matching the reflective vivid colors of the coral reefs. When I try to touch the critters the scatter like field mice making me giggle and produce bubbles from my mouthpiece. The little fish sense my fingertips with their gills and fins while invading their sea space. I grab rough and slimy oysters, sea stars, and sponges on my second trip. At the end of two hours, I have traveled five times to the coral reef, collecting stuff.
“Me, hunger,” Rann acts silly.
“Me, hunger, too,” repeating his silliness as we walk out the water towards the tent.
“Call it a day!” He suggests. “I’m pooped from carrying all your sea treasures.”
“I’m pooped watching ya carry all my sea treasures…,” giggling then call. “Sbot, I thirst after swimming with the fishes.” Sbot reacts bringing us a tray of tall and small cold beverages as Rann and I pad like a queen and her king towards a cool clothed covered tent from a bright sun.
Then, I parade and roll my semi-nakedness into the poled hammock for one when Rann keeps strutting like a farm turkey. He rolls his fine semi-nakedness directly onto my body then laughs his ass off and
He calls. “Nice move!” 
I smile and slide a vertical body to the left then magically twirl and pretzel into two male-biceps then the kissing action begins.
Noble Island. patio. nighttime. supper. 85ºF. Wbot serves pan-fried Wahoo, a fish of some type from the ocean floor, roasted pig, imported from Planet Agri along with raw vegetables, and cheese slices. I eat like a plantation horse as Rann stops eating then rudely comments, chuckling. “You eat plenty of food for a noble lady.”
“I’m not a noble lady,” confirming my plain old Starra title then chomp on the carrot stick as Rann leans into my space, smiling and.
He proposes, “Do ya want to be?” I swallow the lump of food and.
I tease. “Me, hungry. I worked hard this afternoon for all my newly uncovered treasure. Diving, diving, diving…,” for fun as Rann chuckles and.
He inquires while looking at my sea collection on the edge of the yellow bricked patio. We eat under a zillion bright stars with a bright moon beaming down love fairies over our gleaming skulls. “What are you going to do with the sea shells, star fish, sponges, and pearls?”
“Take them home,” winking with an eyelash, right at him.
“I’ll need another boat to carry your private collection to the yacht.” Rann teases.
“That’s right! You brought me, here, against my will, I might add. Therefore, you have to provide transportation for my sea chest and me Or you’ll just have to leave me behind until the next yacht passes by.” I giggle as Rann bobs his curls up and down.
“I feel obligated to aid your whim. I don’t want to leave you behind for Rita to find, do I?” Rann subject changes into a serious topic while danking darkly the light lovely mood. 
Rita isn’t searching for me, since she’s my friend in this time line. I just don’t understand Rann’s obsession with her hunt. She’s after him, not me. I sigh with friendiness.
I sit with Rann on a damaged sun deck and partial covered veranda with the direct ocean view, a warm sea breeze, and little cool temperatures. A bright star lit moon night peeks between the torn roof rafters illuminating our meals and our faces. Rann looks so handsome with a new coat of coffee tan on a muscular fit chest, legs, and well sculptured biceps and triceps. I sigh with lust.
Wbot cooks dessert over an open rock pit with fire and heating the coconut cream pie. I miss my chocolate fix, but happy and satisfied and hungry from swimming around the reef.
“A queenly feast,” jesting like an alien princess from Earth.
“For the Queen of the Universe,” compliments Rann raising a paper goblet to me as I acknowledge the compliment.
Wbot clears the used dishes and utensils from a small table on the broken patio while I ignore te heated dessert. I slowly stand wearing my dress from the Prison Compound located in the fake city without shoes.
I snap an index finger and thumb as Obot or orchestra robot hides in the corner and queues a loud fanfare of a slow song as Rann woofs down the dessert then cleans his lips with a napkin. I hold out a right hand and sing in flute, “Time!”
“Time for what,” he repeats with flat lips in puzzlement.
“Time to dance, sir,” suggesting for sexy fun as we both smile and chuckle.
“Dance, our last course,” he fun amuses while slowly standing and slo mo moves towards me.
We elegant step naked toes avoiding the cracks in the broken brick towards the middle of the floor. Rann and I pose for the start of the music.
“Extend your arm, this way!” I instruct as Rann gently stretches a right arm fully straight with his wrist exposed to the moon beans. I place my left arm parallel to his right arm, touching at both our shared wrist bones. Obot quickly ties a large pink silk ribbon around both of our wrists, together and then pulls the bow very tight.
Rann automatically tugs at the ribbon, since the wrist position is both uncomfortable and frightening, at the same moment. Rann smirks then violently jerks on the ribbon for a second time.
“No, no! This is a new kind of dance bound wrists tied by a single satin ribbon.” I reprimand for sexy fun.
“The pose is very…unsettling,” he whines like a wussie.
“Exactly,” grinning with a wickedly purpose.
“What’s the purpose of the dance, Starra?” He is really confused and puzzled while wrinkling a forehead, ugly.
“To reveal your secrets of spying,” sweet breathing into his face with wicked smile.
“I’m not a spy,” sounds Rann with defiance then commands. “You’re the enemy and my hostage for sabotaging my scout fleet.”
I giggle, “I confess. I did that.”
He smiles, pulling me closer to his chest, “You’re a very naughty girl, Starra.” I giggle.
“Are you going to punish me, Prince Rann?” I gesture as Rann just stares and smiles into my twinkling eyeballs when the music plays a slow stirring beat.
My heart beats faster as Rann jerks the ribbon up then it tightens around both our arms. I don’t feel pain only pleasure staring into his dancing pupils as Rann just stares and smiles at me.
I amuse him with my talents then he jerks an arm down to his side as the silk bow tightens for a second time. He stares and studies the ribbon, “This is a psychological game, not a dance…(pauses)…Where did you get the clever idea?”
“From a clever event…,” smiling without explaining my specific event. I flash back mentally into a sixth alien time line when I was captured by Rann and held inside his enemy camp then we danced together being tied by a white satin ribbon during dinner.
The music plays slow long whole notes for cheek-to-cheek dancing as Rann places a right arm around my waist, pulling me closer to his chest. I feel heat and warmth on a right cheekbone against his left cheek.
Rann whispers in my right eardrum, “I enjoy playing psychological games.”
“Prove it,” challenging and giggling as Rann removes his sweet warmth from my face. He gracefully and elegantly swings me around and around in a tight circle with short strides matching my foot rhythm then stops.
He poses, smiling, and leans deeply into my face. “You dance like an angel, Starra.”
“Ditto!” I return back smiling as Rann chuckles then swings me forward then backward without twirling because of the ribbon then stops.
He poses, smiling, and leans deeply into my face, “You look stunning, Starra.”
“Ditto!” I repeat as we both chuckle. Rann spins me to the right then left, leading us into a series of whirling circles and finally, the music stops.
He pulls me into his chest then we kiss ending our perfect night.
day 149. Noble Island. 90ºF. sunny day. no rain. no clouds. baby blue sky. I lean a right shoulder against the smooth marble column of pinkish-white, complaining in fluttering flute, “We’re leaving…paradise…today…now,” feeling depressed as Rann orders the Bots to fill the wicker baskets into the five wooden boats each piloted by a Pbot on the white sand in the far distance.
I wanna to stay. “This is truly paradise..,” whispering for my eardrums, only. I sigh with sadness.
I’m having tons of fun in the sun without the nobles or robots or Rita with only Rann. “Can we come back?” I ask.
“Of course, after the War is concluded with Rita.” Rann informs watching the Bots do the work while inspecting the last brown wicker basket.
Rann grabs my right hand as I nag. “Is that soon?”
“Very soon,” he smiles and kisses my pink-painted lips (always bring lip-gloss, girls).
“How do you know that, Rann?” I don’t believe it as we walk on naked feet towards the only empty boat, not crowded with hundreds of brown wicker baskets.
“The nobles are meeting with Rita to discuss a truce. She’s losing the War, her currs, her resources, her support, and her spy,” chuckling and squeezing my hand.
“I’m not a spy.” I resent that statement, pouting lips, ugly but Rann can’t see them walks behind me.
“Not since, I captured ya..,” Rann teases then pulls me into a Teddy bear hug with taunt biceps then peaks a tiny kiss on my right cheekbone.
“This is good news!” I cheerlead, smiling.
“This is great news!” He cheerleads better and chuckles lifting me by the waist, then gently sits me inside little wooden boat’s seat. Pbot operates the vessel with a metal steering column, floating us back towards the yacht.
Yacht. Deck. I tromp up the stairs in high heels from my state room wearing that tiny pink dress, since we’re expecting the company of the snobby nobles for supper. I stomp forward towards the bench seating then gently land like a birdie on back muscles with sandals nosily bouncing along the wood. I jiggle arms, hands, sandals, and butt cheeks finding that sweet spot on the hard wood then ugly squint eyelashes into a bright sun trying to see any one of the thousands of solar sun flames, fires or flares of heated energy. I once read that you’re not supposed to do that which could cause blindness. So I close my eyelashes and T-soar my invisible body selfie spirit along with the light airy prettily white clouds using Teleclairvoyance and T-blend with the invisible air molecules. I lovingly go up and down bouncing against the clouds having a good time then side to side traveling with the warm current of the invisible wind, hearing nothing but stillness. I sigh with calmness.
I glide my body selfie spirit freely towards the prettily blueness of the atmosphere then whack, then whack, then whack, then cuss. “Shit!” I swiftly open eyelashes staring at a single big long wide shiny object sailing against the blueness of beauty while hearing Rann approacheth from my lefty.
 “Rann, what’s that?” I rudely direct point a manicured baby blue index finger into the far distance blue sky at a gigantic flying baby birdie pondering its Mama.
“Rita…,” he names in sexy baritone trombone while grabbing a left forearm with a gentle but firm touch. He swiftly assists me to stand with both biceps. I sigh with panic.
“Rita…,” squawking like a baby red-tailed hawk as we hurriedly pace towards the steps.
“This way!” He orders in sexy baritone trombone, leading us down the steps.
“This way!?” I repeat in piccolo music as we fly like a destroyed zipper to the last step then a right summer sandal hits vanilla-colored concrete of the sea yacht. Rann pulls me into a left armpit as we rush foot prints on the hard floor. The hallway is cold and the walls are cold.
The floor is cold to my exposed toe bones while Rann is heated and hot against my petiteness.
I feel the shifting of the rough waves below the bow, eerie. Like I mentioned before, I’m raised on land, not water. The movement and sensations are funny to my tummy, too, like sea sickness. I hope I don’t throw up puke green vomit on Rann’s arm nicely wrapped around my waist as he slides us like one sea creature to the right while opening a rounded hatch with five finger pads. I see a coolly modified zipper ship for just two people, me and him. I sigh with adventure.
“Our get away!” I remark and giggle as Rann quickly drags me to the passenger side then lifts the door with a right hand and.
He orders with seriousness. “Hop in!” I obey as he looks deeply concerned jogging around the nose cone. I sigh with fear.
I slide inside the smooth leather, smelling the newness of the star ship then rapidly click the body webbing around me as Rann presses tiny buttons then the flood doors open flooding the enclosed compartment with ocean water.
A wall of ocean submerges our sea craft completely in an atompshere of dark murky sea. I hate water, since I don’t take bubble baths, only showers. I’m a farm girl that means I am born and raised just like a plantation pig on a farm with air and sky and wind and soil bowing to my naked feet. I don’t like water, ya know, I do believe that I have mentioned that historical bathing fact before. Because, I like air to breathe and sunshine to warm me. I sigh with intense panic.
Rann reads accurately my mental mind or my wiggling body or my shifting eyelashes, commanding in baritone trombone, “It’s going to be alright, Starra. Rita and the Nobles didn’t see eye to eye about agreeing with ending the War. So, I get my way and end the war my way, violently.” Rann details while smirking lips, right up into a nostril then pats a right hand on my left forearm for reassurance or good-bye or hello. I sigh with extreme panic.
He jerks gears with both hands and boots easing the sea ship off the flooring and hovering into a massive blue and green ocean water floating around the inside of the sea yacht’s compartment. The sea ship moves forward as my acute eyeballs see reflecting off the surface crystal clear blue waters a yellow sun light, a blue sky, an indigo yacht, and a hovering silver ram ship. I sigh with doom.
A silver-tinted ram ship hovers a great big wet water shadow over the blue ocean then over the ship deck encompassing the sea bots, and then the entire tiny sea yacht compared to her flying machine.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-view using Teleclairvoyance seeing Rita steps elegantly down a boarding ramp onto the sea deck of the ship in a red pants suit then quickly waves a right arm like a flag to her sea crew to secure the ship.
“She’s boarding the ship,” spying for Rann while calming the thousand and one butterflies inside my tummy as Rann sniggers like a sly fox and.
He expresses, “She’s going to be really surprised,” adjusts a series of steering column controls on the dashboard as we sail under the blue ocean avoiding schools of fish, dolphins, and whales inside our cozy sea ship.
“Why’s Rita going to be surprised, Rann?” I don’t understand share Rann’s feeling of over joy and glee of the moment or the capture. I sigh with alarm.
“I’ve auto-rigged the yacht to sail back to one of my fake cities on Resort. Rita’ll finally be captured alive and trail for her murderous citizen crimes.” Rann expresses, grinning.
I slowly wiggle side to side inside the leather seat as Rann presses buttons with ten finger pads activating the an air flight pattern. The zipper sea ship slowly lifts towards the water surface without rocking in a smooth ride like a raising elevator as I smile in peace along with my clam stomach. The zipper flies paralleling the ocean waves as I cut eyeballs to a pod of friendly and freely diving dolphins that also run far away from Rita’s advancing attacking fleet of star ships from the south.
Rann swiftly glides almost skimming the waves then quickly shooting the zipper sea ship at a 45 degree angle towards a baby blue sky when he stalls mid-air then slams the ship back into the ocean waters. I sigh with surprise.
“Fly away, now, Rann,” ordering my command as co-pilot.
“I cannot,” counter-mans Rann while pressing more buttons with a left hand on the console and holds the steering column steady skimming on the water waves.
“Why not?” I act like a Mama dog protecting her only puppy. I sigh with angry.
“Rita’s carrying a maser bomb. The destruction will annihilate what’s left of Resort.” Rann wisely explains, since this is his “real” home, “real” planet, not Planet Sahara. He wants his home world to survive the War, the battles, the bombs, and the Crown. I sigh with approval.
I feel the same way about my “real” home, Starbuck Plantation, my “real” planet, Earth in my “real” galaxy, the Milky Way. But, I’m not there, since I’m here. So, I plan to aid Rann, my true love.
I smile and smart-ass with love, “So, we’re going to defend the evil Empress in a ram ship with a zipper,” giggling with my tease as Rann presents a set of dead pan straight lips and.
He sings in a deadly baritone, “Yes, we are,” pauses then he explains. “I help design that monster. I know a few loop holes within the machine specs. That’ll be very useful, if you’re an Agri fly,” grins and grunts with an evil smirk. Everything ain’t fine.
Loud alarms and whistlers blare into eardrums as I viciously slam a button exposing a blinking green screen while twisting and turning switches to off clearing the audio sound buzzing my headache. I note a new problem. “Don’t hit it?”
“Hit what?” Rann asks working the steering column while sending us towards the hovering ram ship, half the size of a Staidum game playing grass field. I sigh with gloom.
“You’ll destroy the ship.” I commented.
“That’s my plan.” Rann grins and grunts with more animal sounds.
“Your plan’ll destroy the ship, the planet, the moon, the Wall, the stars, the sun…(breathe)…and us.” I clarify with too many nouns.
“How?” He asks staring at the hovering ram ship.
“Check your internal comlen, there?” I order and direct pointed with my pink-painted index finger on the green screen within the console.
“Checking?” Rann repeats scanning with eyelids and neurons at my find.
“The sensors are off the gauge. I don’t understand.” Rann observes pondering the situation.
“I do. There’re not just maser bombs. I see an entire arsenal describing weapons of mass destruction at her fingertips. Rita’s ending the War for the all citizens of the universe.” I alert even my neurons. Everything ain’t fine.
“I think not.” Rann says.
“You think not.” I say.
“I’m going to destroy her, once and for all. Then, Dirk is next.” Rann viciously spits mouth salvia feeling both fury and worry.
“Dirk is next.” I cheerlead following the leader.
“Jam her?” Rann orders.
“Jamming?” I repeat and press knobs and switches while ending Rita’s deactivating the surrounding robots. I sigh with efficiency.
“What’s wrong?” I ask while watching Rann’s nose profile with a set of distorted ugly facial features.
“I don’t know.” Rann answers while scanning the funny lines on the radar screen then jerks a face to the calm fluffy clouds, not seeing any danger.
“I do.” I say, since Rita owns the planet of Tech, a short word for technology, state-of-the-art flying machines, robots, and other unidentified flying objects. Everything ain’t fine. 
“Too late! I see it. An orange beam coming straight at us.” Thump! “She’s built a new toy, Rann.” I conclude and add. “And, we’re the Beta site.” The ship is missed with the orange ray of light as Rann shuffles ten finger pads slamming and slapping buttons and switches for nothing.
He frowns a handsome face then jerks a face to me and updates, smiling, “We’re still operating. The zipper’s climbing higher into the sky. I guess her new toy’s a dud,” chuckles Rann along with me. I sigh with humor.
I giggle and smart-ass. Sniff! Sniff! “What’s that vile smell?” I swing a face and crinkle my nose at Rann. Ya know, this is an emergency situation and sometimes folks just get really scary on the initial impact, giggling with a girly twang.
Rann lifts a chin from his chest then shuffles nose holes side to side, concentrating on the smelly fumes leaking into the air vents from the sea air. “The air molecules remind me of a stun bomb.”
I giggle and smart-ass. “A stink bomb. I didn’t fart, love,” giggling with fun amusement as Rann smiles at me then returns a face towards the viewing window.
I return to the War with Rita, scanning the console with my dials, switches and three separate comlens. I tap the glass with a pink-painted index finger to see if the gauge jumps to a higher math setting then the number my two eyeballs and many neurons can’t figure out. But, my tummy spasm does believe. “Rann, this gauge, here, right here. The gauge reads sinking air.”
“What?” Rann smart-asses then jerks a face to my pretty manicured finger nail. “Sinking air.” I scan the clouds but can’t see air since its invisible to naked eyeballs. Then I return eyeballs to the gauge clearing slowing that the blanket of yellow, representing air. Ya know, I berathe air to live. The yellow blanket is falling into the blue ocean on the comlen monitor.
“I feel numb. My bones feel funny, Rann.”
Rann decides to lecture like a Uni school teacher while scanning the instrumentation on the zipper’s console. “From a scientific point of view, the accurate forecast is called ‘atmospheric dynamic’ or sinking air. The hot…(views me; smiles)…and sunny days on our island in the middle of the Resort Ocean means that the air pressure hangs over our heads shaped like an invisible dome. But, we can’t see it since air is invisible.
Theoretically, when the air sinks particularly in the upper levels of the atmosphere down into the ocean waters, it dries out the oxygen making the molecules very hostile to…(pause)…(views me)…maser activity.” A second orange light streaks over the zipper’s roof top, not directly hitting at our ship.
I double-check the atmosphere gauge. “Another ten-degree decrease sinking motion in the air going straight down into the ocean, Rann. Man, I hate to tell ya, but I feel funny. I feel a numb, not air sickness.”
Rann sings in baritone, “Stang. That was an overhead maser stream. A single maser fire stream doesn’t react or adjust any of the normal air molecules, therefore a stun bomb can’t harm an accumulated oxygen mixtures. But, if ya stripe out the element of oxygen, then a stun bomb can develop into empty atmosphere or dead air…(views me)…Dead air cannot support any flowing air currents or air objects, like a flying ship. Only a sea thunderstorm activity can stimulate and release into the dead air space as heat, oxygen and hydrogen molecules gather from the ocean waters. A sea thunderstorm will allow a new build-up of air pressure to float from the water and increase wind speed around us.”
One thunderstorm coming up,” promising my new assignment feeling the ship fall towards the water along with my tummy.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Rann smart-asses. “What are you talking about, Starra?” He studies me as I can’t perform my Tele-trick. Rann lectures with an annoying baritone, “The chick fried air stream is dead, deader than a door knob as my alien princess says…(views me)….Starra, your Tele-powers only work around a live and living environment of a combined earth elements of air, water, sun, and soil. That’s the secret of our Tele-talents. Ya know, it’s not heavenly angels moving objects around your pretty face…(chuckles)…The dead is to strong. The hot temperatures have opened a pocke to solid carbon emissions with the maser stream. Sinking air is like the air pressure is farting from internal body gases…(chuckles)…Then, the dead air pressure become composed of dense thick and heavy carbon emissions. The thick heavy carbon emissions are being pulled down naturally by Resort’s gravity right over us.”
“Aw! You’re trying to make me laugh. That’s so sweet, Rann. But, I think I’d rather ya just rescue me from…(views Rann)…Rita.” I voice with fluttering panic for both of us.
“The maser stream weighs more than the air below it, so both the air and stream is sinking over the zipper ship into the water.” Rann lectures while baring pressing any buttons on the console as I feel really funny.
“Go faster, Rann.” I command like an alien princess while viewing miles of rough seas.
Rann updates, wiggling finger pads and body parts inside his chair, “The air pressure dome is over 100 miles long and 60 miles high. I can’t jump an invisible field of energy. Ugh! My fingers are getting numb. I can hardy press a single button.”
I whine like I stepped a right summer sandal into an old pile of seagull shit, “I’m being crushed.
“No. It’s just the air pressure settling over your muscles and nerves.” Rann can stay talk but not move any other body part, like me.
I vocal complain in piccolo , since I can’t cry or sob or get off the falling zipper. “I’m cold, Rann.”
“I can’t…uh…I can’t move my fingers. They’re glued to the steering column. Our air is being swiftly chilled like a freezer for fresh meat.”
“Rann, I’m stuck inside my seat. I can’t move my legs. I feel like an ice cube. My skin is turning blue.” I sing in piccolo music more as the zipper falls towards the ocean water.
“We’ll being frozen literally into the seats of the zipper along with the mechanic controls.”
“Prepare for an emergency landing!” Rann warns.
“I am.” I scream when a blue colorful beam hits our zipper penetrating the force field shielding. Thump! Rita catches our zipper with a tractor beam before we fall and break into a zillions pieces into the ocean. I sigh with doom.
I can’t move. I link, connect, and Tele into Rann’s open mental mind.
I can’t move, either. Rann links, connects, and Teles to me then I pass out into darkness.
sea yacht. dining room cabin. No windows. No sun. I awoke blinking eyelashes once, twice then thrice staring at indigo tiles. I’m most definitely back on the sea yacht while hearing a pissed-off Rann argues with a more pissed-off Rita.
“My plan worked,” Rita boasts pride and vanity.
“No, it didn’t,” Rann brags more pride and vanity as I lift aching hair roots, being slightly semi-conscious. I feel drained, tired, numb and dumb. I sigh with numbness.
I’m her friend, not her enemy. I had proved my worth to Rita. Well, I did steal her Royal Honor Guards. But, they didn’t like her, anyway then they didn’t like me, either but used me and my currs for their gain. I sigh with numbness.
I whisper for my eardrums, only. “I hate stun.” I’m going to get that woman, once I unthaw and rest for 20 hours (That’s a Commerce day and night). Then, I’m going to stun her four or maybe eight times with a maser then let her thaw out, first, and then strangle her with my bare hands. I sigh with revenge.
The effects of a stun discharge are terrible. Your tissue muscles, arm and knee joints, bones, blood…(not blood, babe)….But, the other organs feel like a semi-paralyzed. The ray deadens all the biological parts of your body. You are numb. Then, the numbness starts to wear off.
You feel millions of tiny sharp sewing pin pricks of pains along the entire line of nerve endings like hitting your funny bone but magnified to the zillionth power. Then, your body jolts back among the living while you continue to hear the children native agrue.
“I found you.” Rita shouts.
“Accidentally,” Rann counters and chuckles.
“I kill you.” She threatens.
“Accidentally,” Rann retorts with a million dollar smile and tied like a Christmas bow with tan ropes going around and around a naked chest without his sleeveless white vest. Rita stomps a red summer sandal with bright puke green toenails. She swiftly slaps Rann’s face with a set of manicured puke green nails, squawking like a bird of prey. I sigh with numbness.
Your blood warms and flows through a series of tightly closed blood veins as sharp piercing pain of flowing blood travels through the numb tissue muscles and start to throb, ache, and spasm throughout your biological body. Intense pain. 
Numbness starts to feel really good compared to the next sensation. The psychological point in you mind that you want the enemy to shoot you, again to stop the visually torturous spasms occurring from the hair roots to the tip of toe nails. The outer skin visually quivers, shakes, and folds side to side. Extreme pain. The arm and knee joints bend and stretch reshaping to its original form and size. Once reading, that the muscles retain shape and form from a previous biological structure. I sigh with awesome pain.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I open eyelashes feeling more alert and present while staring at Rita’s left summer sandal. Then I move eyelashes to a nicely ironed and pressed red pants suit minus the tiara while holding a maser in her right shooting hand at Rann.
“My true plan was her.” Rita points the maser at me while roaring like a wild-ass lioness.
“Starra!?” Rann jerks a nose profile at me.
“What better way to trap you then with a cute little mouse?” She screeches like a kitty-cat before pouncing on the prey. I sigh with numbness.
I wish I could hurl, since Rita makes my stomach, mind, and soul hurt. I thought us friends in the seventh alien time line, since I couldn’t find Dirk.
I’m deaf, dumb, and blind being tied to one of the bar poles under the bar counters, since I’m petite compared to Rann. Rann is tied to a bar stool on the opposite side of me against the wall.
I feel half-alive thinking I’m not dead with the total effects of a stun bomb then a stun weapon.
I can’t move a muscle as the thawing procedures slowly snakes it way around my aching bones and muscles.
Since, Rita had grabbed our falling zipper in mid-air with a retractor beam coupled with her new toy from Tech World. Rita owns the planet when Viscount Lad died, during one of the many battles on Commerce. Too much time lines, too many enemies, and too many sad events, for once, I greatly desire to re-enter an alien time line with peace, not war. I sigh with numbness.
“You can’t win.” Rann growls like a tiger at the empress.
“Can’t I?” She coos like a dove at the prince.
“Not while, I’m alive and breathing,” Rann promises like a preacher-man.
“Once you’re dead, Rann. I win, it all.” She hisses like a snake and adds with merriment, “The nobles will surrender to me. No leader. No problem.”
“I win. You die.” Rann snarls like a dog.
“I win. You die. That’s simple enough for you to understand, Prince of the Universe. I always wondered about the power of your title and your status.” Rita smiles and shares.
“You’ve caused this War, Rita. And, you’ve alienated all the citizens and their support. No one wants you to be leader, anymore. As we speak, citizens are gathering and coming to rescue me then they will destroy you.” Rann intimidates, well.
“Ponder this thought, Prince! Maybe, I’ve discovered the citizens by accident. Maybe, the citizens are not coming. Maybe, the citizens are all dead.” Rita terrorizes, better.
“You act more like ‘the alien in our universe,’ Rita. Pitch you and your dress into the wormhole and find a new home away from here,” Rann commands, royally as I grin and giggle.
“Alien, her….,” wording for my eardrums, only at Rann’s silly statement when Rita dog snarls, then toad drool and fires and direct hits the maser at Rann.
Rann chin whips a face into a naked chest, growling like a tiger, because the ray missed his right bicep damaging the wall.
I scream to angels in heaven. “Rann. Rann, please open your eyes. Rann!?” I quickly T-probe his bio-shell, since I can see him breathing within lungs, finding Rann is very healthy, in excellent condition.
I purr like a kitten being inside his biological body, feeling strange frisky sensation, giggling.
Rann!” A familiar alto clarinet squawks like a be-headed chicken while flapping thin lips with red-painted fire engine lipstick as I swing a sour face to Empress Rita.
Rita blocks the entire archway with a red pants suit, sleeveless, not neck-less. She wears a huge red ruby stone necklace around a swan neck with dangling red ruby ruby ear-rings along with a red ruby tiara embedded into blonde upsweep hair. I sigh with green envy.
Rita is tall with big breasts jiggling, like now, laughing her ass off at me. Since, me be the pawn in her War game as I slide pink-painted lips, left with miffness and piss-ness.
“Rann!” Rita screams at the love of my life while I jerk eyeballs to him. Rann slowly raises a distorted face. Rita lovely snarls and gracefully strolls a right summer sandal a little closer to Rann inside a tight square space, where seafaring folks can enjoy a quiet intimate supper, not today or tomorrow or never. Rita aims a maser in a right shooting hand.
And, I have seen Rita shoot accurate at very close range with death, since the maser is a box-shaped black metal devise with a thumb pad semi-round button on the top of the box to shoot the maser. The fire settings are located sideways on the side of the box. On the right side, there is three buttons to punch in activating either, one degree burn, two degree burn or stun burn. The stun burn doesn’t hurt, but numbs your nervous endings. Lonely on the left side is a single punch for kill, the kill button to kill ya’ll, dead.
I T-probe, barely using Telemetabolics since I feel like shit after getting whacked by 1) a stun ray from Rita’s secret which Rann destroyed and 2) a water fall diving into the blue ocean from the stun ray. Therefore, my T-powers are both numb and dumb, which really sucks for…Rann. And the left setting is set for kill, not stun in her right shooting hand while Rita tromp sandals and dragging dress tail ends towards Rann, since she has been waiting, wanting, and greatly desiring to terminate Rann’s life form, before me landing, here.
And I ain’t going to let that happen. “Rita, you won the War. Take asteroid Resort as your playground, and add it to your outer space Planet collection, Your Highness.” I seriously want her to take my bait, so I can sock it to her face with a head butt.
Rita ignores me sliding like a red snake towards Rann while direct pointing a maser at Rann’s right eye socket, ordering. “Rann, I win. I’ll take asteroid Resort as my play ground, and add it to my outer space Planet collection.” She giggles, not studying me.
“Fine,” puffing the word with both frustration and fear.
Rann counters for some dang reason. “I win, Rita. So, I’ll be taking Resort and all the planets for my outer space collection.”
I plead for his life with a deadly maser in Rita’s right shooting hand, “No, Rann! Give Rita the entire playground along with the tree swings, big slide, and monkey bars.”
“I win, Rita. You’re going to be surrounded in…(cocks skull)…twenty minutes or so. So, surrender.” Rann continues to threaten her, even thou he’s tied up, cute-like and I am tied up, cute-like.
I retort, “Take the asteroid, Empress Rita. And leave us here, we can escape your property in peace,” then Rita swings the maser directly at me.
Rann growls like a Mama’s dog for her only surviving puppy, “Don’t harm Starra, Rita.” Rita sways the maser at Rann.
“Do not hurt Rann, Rita. I’ll be very mad.” I demand in a new bass flute.
“Shut up, children…(smiles)…I’m the grown-up. And, I have decided that one of you comes with me as a hostage. The other one…(giggles)…doesn’t…(pauses; sways maser)…Rann.” She aims the maser at Rann as he stiffens with fear then relaxes looking into her wicked eyeballs.
Then Rann cuts eyeballs to me, “Fine. Do it to me. But…do not harm, Starra!” 
My heart drops into a fluttering tummy, screaming, “Shoot me, Rita! Kill me! I messed up. This mess is my fault.” If Rita kills Rann, he dies, foreverly.
Rita smiles with an evil grin while swinging a maser at my right eyeball, confessing in alto, “Naw…(giggles)…your annoying twang…(pauses)…from the southern portion of Bonita. I planned this. I planned it from hook…(views Rann)…to sink, her…(views me)….(laughs)….Now, Rann…,” swinging the maser into Rann’s face.
“Please, kill me, Rita,” since, I’ll come back like always and kick you tight fanny without wearing a prom dress in my new pair of cowgirl pointy boot toes. And, man, that hurts. 
And, in the next new alien time line, I’m find and marry Rann then break the vicious space and time continuum thingy. But, Rita doesn’t know all 411.
“Starra, please. I surrender, Rita. Take everything you want but…(smiles at me)…Starra. Please don’t harm, Starra.” Rann commands in baritone trombone while swinging a face at Rita. Rita aims the gun at Rann.
I sing in fluttering flute, staring and studying at him, “Rann.”
“I love..,” dumps Rann when Rita jerks the maser to my body then hits my chest cavity with a color of yellow.
“Ahhh…,” yelling with bitter disappointment. Rann almost told me that he loved me. “Stang…,” now yelling from the sting of a second degree burn while the body tissue burns and throbs. Rita swings a maser switching the setting to stun. She stuns Rann then motions with a left hand.
Her Royal Honor Guard Unit tromps to Rann then twists with four hands and drags his unconscious body through the dark archway and out of my blurred eyesight.
Rann is hostage for the third time, while I will die for the seventh time. Geez!
Logically, Rita won’t kill Rann, since he’s the leader of the rebellion as I scan with blurry eyeballs a new dang problem while trying to wiggle out of the ropes between the bursts of burn pains.
All the silver trash cans of robots are laying red colored bricks upon the flooring for Rita to sink the yacht sink and drown me. She doesn’t want me to be found inside the deep waters on Resort. The little red bricks are packed with high impact explosives as the bots plant the bombs around the dining room. She’s going to blow up the ship. I’ll not survive. Wait! I die, anyways. I always come back. I sigh with repetition.
The effects of stun method have left me weak not being able to move legs, arms or the electronic binders.
“I really hate water,” whispering for not body but the bricks, when a single red brick prettily explodes into big pink at the door. BANG!
“Dang, I’m going to die,” whispering for no body but the bricks, then two red bricks burst into purple and green with a loud noise, ringing in eardrums. BANG! BANG!
“This one is going to end with a big bang!” I giggle with sick humor in the face of death. BANG! BANG! BANG!
“Man, things were going great in the time line, number seven, not a lucky number for me,” whispering for no body but me then quiet. I giggle, “A dud.”
I wasn’t the enemy or fighter. I was retired, staying with Rann, alone, us, together on an island.
“Stang, things can change so fast from awesome to awful,” whispering for no body but the bricks when four bricks explode with blue and yellow smoke blinding my eyeballs from the wall. I sigh with numbness.
Rita got greedy, mad, and loco but Rann is safe. I sigh with true love
Rann said it first. Dirk’s next on the hit list. That’s my goal, since the first time line. It’s Dick or me, since the unknown universe ain’t big enough for two talented gifted and conceited Teles. So, Dirk has to die. I sigh with death.
Six red bricks implode. Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! “This sucks,” whispering to no body but the bricks as I feel red heat bleed from my arms, legs, and face. Then I feel dizzy. Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Then, I’m deaf, not blind as the walls tumble down on the floor then the sea yacht explodes. I see beautiful blue and green waves of ocean flooding the ship, the deck, the room, and me. I faint.
Day 148. I sit, numbingly in my assigned seat and blind, purposefully with my eyelashes closed not moving, not thinking, and not praying. Since, I feel that I’m alive and thankful for the survival.
I un-belt the cockpit seat’s restraints, opening my eyelashes and popping off my space suit helmet then I leap, kitten-like from the chair seeing half of a pilot’s chair. But I’m fully intact along with my long wavy gray hair. I lean my freckles into the console instrument panel, studying the rough terrain. I sigh with surprise.
I see mountains on the left and a series of dead but slightly alive green trees, bushes, and foliage on the right with a dry crooked narrow vehicle path in the middle of a dead brown planet as my Tele sense ping. Everything is fine.
I gallop my body outside the space shuttle archway then leap, T-rex to the ground and point my body at the hidden object. I whisper into my eardrums. “A structure that’s thirteen miles northeast of my position.”
I lovingly scan a bright yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky then eye burn the smooth brown soil and blink my wet tears and recall vividly meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces having traveled both space and time…here…eight times.
“I’m back….as the alien,” talk and shake my gray bangs into my eyelashes.
unknown universe. unknown planet. green meadows. yellow sun. blue skies. 78ºF. afternoon. I park the Earth built terrain tractor in a green grassy meadow twenty feet away from a tall new brown brick building like someone built then abandoned. I sigh with intrigue.
I sit in the padded seat staring at eighteen stories of brick with no windows pondering an inspection tour before I greedy enter from a bright sunny hot day. Everything ain’t fine.
I twist a face narrowing eyelashes up into the blue heavens when the pretty sky turned immediately black then rumbled like thunderstorm cloud. “What?” I smart-ass to an alien Mother Nature being in a foul mood from crashing and burning my only outer space transportation back home to Planet Earth.
Out of the low black dark clouds, a strange star ship falls down then flies straight towards me. “Shit,” screaming and running for my life towards the neatly built brown wooden front porch of the new structure. The ship is targeting me for being the teen enemy...naw…the teen alien. I sigh with fear.
I roughly stumble on a right knee-high boot into the green grass then loose balance and nicely trip over two big leather-covered feet wondering why I had selected fashion shoes over a pair of working shoes. I land hardy on a stomach and cover hair roots with two black sleeves as the meanie small ship flies over a horizontal black pretend dead body hidden within the pretty pink and red wildflowers with no firing shots. I sigh with doom.
Zoom! The odd star ship quickly crashes into a mountain side. Boom! I scream like a girl, “Dang, man! You be a dumb star ship captain.” Earth soil, small rocks, bits of grass, and metal debris hover inside the air then attack and hit the eighteen story building within my blinded eyeballs. I land horizontally on the grass in both fear and relief, giggling from my Tele-view.
Then I shake and tousle wavy long gray hair from freckles out of a face as a black jump suit covers in red mud, brown dirt, green grass, pink flowers, green leaves, and red blood. My head hurts along with a right cheek bone. I gingerly touch a face with my left index finger, drawing back a red dried substance. Blood. My blood. “Dang, I’m bleeding.”
I slowly stand and slo mo snail-walk towards the front porch stomping nosily up three long wooden steps hoping to walk the dead living under the flat foundation of vanilla-colored concrete. Because, I’m mad and hungry and stuck in a new galaxy on a new planet without any new friends.
“Dang,” whispering under my breathe then reaching for a golden colored round door knob with a right hand then pull back. Maybe, I should fetch the hand gun from the terrain tractor then quickly decide. “Naw, I’m armed with Tele powers.” Then I slowly reach a right hand for the door knob while a left hand next to my face for both show and purpose, a fighting purpose. I giggle and grunt in a wild-ass animal sound then attack the door knob, vividly flash back inside my mental mind.
I’m Starra Starbuck, five feet, one inch, weighs 95 pounds, one ounce with waist-length silver wavy hair, a triangle face, small gray pupils, a button nose, two apple cheekbones, and a cute cliff chin all wrapping in an exterior layer of golden tawny skin. I decorate with lots of golden brownish freckles on a 17-year-old body frame, being a Farm Administrator on Planet Earth, first. Then, I’m drafted by United Earth Government Official Peter Martin as a silly Tele-astronaut, second. 
I stupidly travel the first Intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet, within a new galaxy by using all my awesome Tele-paranormal gifts, Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance. Next, I seriously survive, alone, as an alien.
Time warped alien line #1, I am Lady Starra.
Time warped alien line #2, I am Commander Starra.
Time warped alien line #3, I am Bodyguard Starra.
Time warped alien line #4, I am Waitress Starra.
Time warped alien line #5, I am Warrior Starra.
Time warped alien line #6, I am Prisoner Starra.
Time warped alien line #7, I am Encryptionist Starra.
Time warped alien line #8, I am Alien Starra.
“Stang!” I sing in piccolo music remembering my favored word from the various past one, two, three, four, five, six and seven warped alien time lines when eardrums pick up a horrible ugly sound.
I swing a face at an overly built big beautiful silver shiny star ship, a ram ship hovering and burning the grassy meadow while totally disintegrates the little tiny Earth terrain tractor into a puddle of green goo. Then the monster lands in the green goo. Next a silver matching metal ramp drops into the grass when a figure walk down the gangplank from the ship and waves with a right arm for me to come aboard.
I’m being welcomed, rescued, and the “luckiest girl in the universe,” twisting a dirty jumpsuit and muddy fashion boots then jog towards the ram ship. I pray and hope Rann’s lounging on the ship. I sigh with true love.
Royal star yacht. observation room. cold dark outer space. minus 1000ºF. I leisurely lounge a horizontal dirty jump suit and more dirtier boots on a very long soft silver-colored velveteen sofa while eyeball watch my personal Wbots or Waiter robots. My, not your or theirs, but my Wbot serve me with my fresh cold colorful blue drink in its right mechanical arm on a silver tray with a second silver tray of big delicious white and brown sweet rolls in a left mechanical arm. Its comlen is tuned to an Entertainment Program of dancing fools located in the middle of silver cylinder around the belly. My individual Wbot pampers me plus the other lazy citizens on the luxury ram ship making life great. Great food. Great drink. Great service. Great atmosphere.
The comfones are playing smoothing slow classical music over the hidden and overhead audio speakers. I send my Wbot back to the nicely stocked and beautiful Food Table for more chocolate covered sweet rolls. I’m going to eat them, until I throw up on this lovely red sofa, snickering like a wild-ass boar.
“This is the life,” whispering for my eardrums, only. I sigh with riches.
This is one of six Royal star yachts rounding the galaxy for some dang reason, since the king or queen is very busy running the universe with two solar systems. I recall in other past seven alien time lines that King Rex, King Bartholomew, Prince Rann, King Dirk, and Emperor Rita were very busy rulers, too. Yeah, Rita, while she was trying to kill me. Royal Epic Fail!
I bite with four front teeth like a hungry kitten into the smooth creamy white warm frosting hoping Rann’s the ruler in this round. Then, the galaxy wouldn’t have fighting, masers or Rita or Dirk. I sigh with correctness.
I watched me, because I don’t give a hooty about the other piggy guests, eat, drink, and make merry dance movements listening to the jazzy dance music of a new song from Wbot, who guards my beautiful person at my booted feet. Everything ain’t fine.
“Naw..,” singing in fluttering flute, ugly while holding a half-eaten sweet roll in a left hand and a cold blue drink in a right hand. Then I seriously reprimand my crazy Tele-power that everything is great and fine. “Wrong, girl best!”
The danger alarms blare with tinkling piccolo bells, bass foggy whistles, and red and green dancing lights over the exit door. “Naw,” singing in frustrating flute. I hate it when my Tele senses are right. I sigh with duty.
“Attack! We’re under attack! Run! Run from the attackers,” an invisible ram ship officer shouts with his terror causing the citizen’s terror as he and they flood the empty corridors. He runs his ass passed by the Observation Lounge heading towards one of eight-nine…(yeah, I counted)…escape pods. I sigh with trouble.
I jerk a face looking out a double-paneled plus force-field protected set of three glass windows inside the nice silver-colored Observation Lounge. To my predictable horror, a garrison…(that’s a lot, ya’ll)…of nasty small pirate ships are dog chasing at my luxury ram ship and are annoyingly firing colorful green, yellow, and red maser grenades. And each pirate wears a toothless smile on a satisfied face, which I visibility see through the shielding using a T-fling of Teleclairvoyance. I sigh with danger.
I hear too loudly with eardrums as a loud commotion flings outside and then the commotion chicken shit runs on naked feet and leather shoes down the Hallway along with the other chicken shit panicked passengers.  Then, I feel a grenade tap then bounce then deadly hit along a side panel of an oversized crowded ram ship.  I swing a body and drop like a rock towards the thick carpet, covering hair roots with two black sleeves, swiftly slapping a Tele-shield around my precious petiteness. I just land, here. I sigh with survival.
Then I hear silence lingers in the air waves for 1 second…2 seconds…then I jump, kitten-like from the carpet, running with the crowd of chicken shit citizens to some other place, but a seriously destroyed Observation Lounge.
I pass a woman, who has survived the explosion in her stateroom, sitting on the carpet, crying with wet hot tears. I flash back mentally into a seventh alien time line when Empress Rita re-decorated the ram ships for luxury flying for her luxury. I read that on the laptop as an Encrpto-girl.
The ram ship has been heavily re-constructed for comfort, instead of battle. The steel plating around the old ship is gone and replaces with elegant glass windows for sightseeing the stars, the moons, the Wall and other heavenly bodies. Of course, the force fields operate within functioning parameters while keeping the guests on the luxury ship safe from being sucked out into outer space ending in a horror painful death. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
Before the ram ship implodes using my T-probe of Teleclairvoyance, I slap a body to the thick carpet, pondering. The brutal attacks come from the outside star ship forces with maser waves or waves bombs. Another round of blue fire hits the reinforced shielding made of man-made glass. Citizens fling bodies towards the carpet beside me while avoiding a blue maser rays that zips and kills the orange wall paper throughout the corridor. I see a flash of yellow and red flame and then hear a huge boom. The wave strikes the two decks above me causing small silver ceiling particles to fall onto me. I ignore debris then push and stand among the crying and debris shoving fashion boots to the command bridge. I have a plan. I sigh with idea.
Ram ship captain’s bridge. I jog on fashion boots elegantly scooting and sweeping a body around frighten and fearful citizens without a sissy sword or a prickly pike, since I gots my Tele-powers, ya’ll. My Tele powers don’t need a carrying case or a single loop on a utility belt, since they are secretly hidden and stored inside my neurons and rib cage, giggling with a girly twang.
I slide and slip to the left then dash across the crowded hallway storming into the archway of the Captain’s bridge. A square-shaped room holds three walls of clearly viewing glass windows of awesome black space with brightly twinkling stars and planets. The stars are yellow, pink, blue, and orange along with other crayon colors that I can’t admire at the moment.
“Change course,” the Captain of the Ram ship shouts in tenor to the alive and breathing crew member.
“Course changed to 89.45, sir,” a bloody red Ensign stated with a shaky soprano tone.
“Shift to a higher speed,” the Captain orders.
“The ship’s at maximum overdrive, sir,” a bleeding Ensign reports doing his duty. I find six armed and bloody red Royal Honor Guards, ten dead bridge officers, and one Captain still alive and breathing. Upon seeing me, one of six Royal Honor Guards shifts a right boot from the wall.
“Man your stations, boys,” the Captain shouts as I pace a right boot forward.
“I…,” start, when a sharp tenor cuts off my unfinished wise advice.
“We’re being attacked by pirates. Please, go back to your seat, ma’am,” the Captain doesn’t turn to greet me but commands in a baritone tuba like Ira. But, he is not Ira.
And I am not a ma’am. “Ma’am,” whispering for my eardrums, only. Geez! I’m only 17 years, 7 months, 7 weeks, 7 days, 7 minutes, 7 seconds, and 7 milliseconds when I left Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy 138 days ago. I clear an angry snarl and.
I ask with princessly authority. “Where’s your escort, sir?”
“We don’t have any pilots, ma’am. This is the Emperor’s personal ram ship. We…are not at War with anyone.” He answers wrong, un-smart person.
“Well, you are now!” I grunt and giggle from that silly statement then sour a face and seriously offer my precious services to save lives, “I’m a pilot. Do you have zippers?”
“Four decks below the bridge, ma’am,” he says without looking at me.
“Which way to the ship dock, sir,” using my Southern manners taught by Grandma Starbuck on Planet Earth, since I’m not a ‘ma’am.’ I am a ‘miss,’ a single girl waiting for Rann to ask me to marry him in this time line. I sigh with marriage.
I back step tall boot heels into the corridor then skip like a girly down the empty silver-colored tiles wondering how ya make silver-tinted hard tiles, land boot toes at the elevator closed door. Ya know, you ain’t supposed to use an elevator, during an emergency but I don’t really give a shit. 
I T-grab with ten wiggling manicured finger nails that are about to be destroyed while cutting and cramming the tip of the delicately pin-painted finger nail between a tiny microscopic millimeter of light in a tiny-ass crack plus my awesome T-power around the door frames. Then T-pull using Telekinesis with girly muscles and alien powers and ripping the pink tips all ten finger and grunt. “Ugh…ugh…ugh,” ugly as the elevator doors slo mo like pouring southern molasses from a jar spread towards a big slot while exposing empty air molecules. No carriage. No problem.
I grab my nose with a right chipped finger nails without cutting my skin from the jagged sharp ugly fingernails for both show and fun then tenderly squeeze my nostrils for the sudden blew of air molecules. I close eyelashes bend at kneecaps and leap, kitten-like into the air of the elevator.
I T-soar like a falling rock because bird flap wings, ya’ll. I hold a left hand around my hair from whacking and cutting my face skin then push my kneecaps into my chest for an aerodynamically fall towards the fourth deck. I mentally count from the bridge on deck thirty-sixth in total silence.
I can count backwards, ya’ll then slow my inertia to a pacing fall. Twenty-fourth Deck.
I don’t know the layout of the ram ship being on only one in my entire alien life. I flash back mentally into a second alien time line when King Bartholomew was attacking Lord Dirk on Sahara. I baled my body off the ram ship to located and find Dirk. I did. I lost. I died.
My mind’s preoccupies with some awesome short term battle plans like just blowing these little boogers away all by selfie. This is a luxury ship, not battle ship, and the personal Emperor, to boot. I stop and hover in the air. Fourth Deck.
I stand in the air like a bird smiling and whispers, “Rann’s here.” I smile and snigger, “Saving my man,” twisting a face and see open doors. I gingerly step a right boot onto an empty fourth deck as the ram ship rocks side to side from violent volley of combined maser fire and bombs. I jump, T-rex into the air while running into the air then land on the tile sliding to the left and land into an archway, seeing three newly produced silver zippers. I sigh with fun.
Landing dock. I levitate the zipper off a vanilla-colored concrete platform into the middle of the siege. I don’t have time for warm up, system checklist, etc, etc, and etc. I hover studying the outer space picture while noting with eyeballs a bad burning silver gooey ram ship, worse than my vivid imagination could have drawn. And hundreds of electric blue-colored dead bodies nicely float inside the flying star ship lanes. Good thing, I gots a strong stomach, intestines, and guts.
“Stang,” yelling for frustration as I circle the zipper slowly around the dead blue bodies. Then, I point and aim four maser weapons at about six pirate ships staring with the closest one then blow them up one-by-one. Slow work! This is going to take me all day long…all night…all of space, outer space, snorting like a wild-ass boar.
A squad of six pirate ships buzz me for annoyance while flying towards the front of the ram ship as I quickly execute a 180-degree turn of the zipper then pursue to kill. The star squad of six isn’t firing on the vessel. Stupid creeps! The squad splits at the nose cone of the ram ship traversing along the sides of the shiny haul. Each zipper pulls a wide turn outward then angles a zipper nose cone first into the side of ram ship, performing a suicide mission. These pilots are more deadly and dangerous than I. I giggle at my silliness. I sigh with doom.
A prettily array of red and yellow visual explosives fill the view screen on my zipper. Wow! I watch one of the brave and stupid pirate ships hit inside an empty escape pod hole. Then, I see the pirate warrior exit a damaged pirate ship in an upright position like a man while causally bleeding red blood from a leg wound onto the silver-tinted carpet. The pirate slowly on boots around the wall corner of the star yacht, disappearing to die, maybe. I sigh with shock.
“Stang…,” rebel yelling with shock then shout, “Double stang!” I close eyelashes then open eyeballs while noting within sharp neurons the pirate zipper is still attached into an empty hole of a missing escape pod on the dorsal fin side of the ram ship. I’m definitely, not dreaming. “Triple stang!” I yell with a fascinating ingenuous feat of engineering.
The nose cone of the pirate’s modified zipper slams, crams, thank you, ma’ma then opens up revealing a hidden escape port as I T-trace the pirate’s machine lazily lounging inside the closed newly formed hatch. This is some type of new technique and a new trick for me. I hope I live to tell someone about it. I sigh with the impossible.
And, I’m not being paid currs either as the landed pirates are invading and fighting the ram ship’s officer while killing innocent lives. Annoying Tele powers! I sigh with annoyance.
One more thing I have to do without pay or recognition. I quickly blasted the three zippers located on port side not giving them the chance to attach to an escape pod. I sighed with work.
“Never more,” joking for fun as I do that same neat zipper trick. I sigh with prayer. 
I swing a ship wide outside away from the metal then turn towards one of the many ram ship’s unoccupied escape hatches as chicken shit citizens left the ship. 
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I really hope this works roaring the engine like a motorcycle in hover mode then slam the joy stick forward for ‘G’ for go. I punch the nose cone into a big opening. Bang! “Contact!” I rebel yell with happiness. I. Am. Good.
My zipper immediately mechanically latches inside a tiny empty escape pod hatch, not shaky or shimmy. I’m impressed with me, just like one of the pirates’ ship show. I T-press pushing the engine, console, and floor mats through the opening while blowing the nose cone of the zipper like a summer time common cold sneeze. I whisper for my eardrums, only, “Time to impress, the pirates.” I sigh with victory.
Observation lounge. I bend on kneecaps facing a cramped tiny hole of dangling, deserted, and dead while I butt-hole crawl through dented gray shadows of metal and hissing cables of red sparks inside a cramped nose cone shaft then see the light. I dump out on fours…(hands and knees)…walk like a doggie for four paces emerging from a heavily damaged escape inlay then beautifully stand like a proud alien princess, giggling.
I swing a face at the zipper and interior wall and sing in flute, “Destroyed!” The interior space is twisted ugly with metal, cables, paint, and plaster while hoping no live citizens are in there, somewhere. But I remember most of the citizens are dead or about to be, if I don’t hurry.
I hear voices within eardrums coming across the Hallway not really remembering the layout of the ram ship correctly, since I just enter through the escape pod. I sprint out the destroyed room and skip on boots following the cordon of bodies scattered on the floor, bleeding, moaning and whining. I sighed with disgust.
A clear blood trails back into the Observation Lounge and shout, smiling appearing inside the way archway, “O! I’m back.” I giggle since no body or brick is present, a waste of a good joke. Dirk would howl and laugh with me, if he was here, but not. I scan the dirty smelly room. “What a mess?” Hope the Sbots are functioning, snorting like a wild-ass boar, then I holler, “Where are the Bbots?” While hearing my cute vocal inquiry with their eardrums, the boldly killing pirates turn an ugly face at me, who stand crowded together in a wall corner, maybe peeing. Or what, ya’ll?
I gingerly bend elbows then raised two hands then T-pull using Telekinesis and quickly retrieve the drawn black masers from a hand or two. Ya know, I do not feel like dying, today. I swing in a parallel move both arms and folded fists of masers toward a set of built-in wooden white book cases on the other side of the room and launch firing waves of red rays at attentive pirates. The pirates rapidly fall a body onto the floor, unconscious with their blood, body parts, and weapons scattering like field mice through the space. Brave citizens quickly grab the loose masers from the floor and run out the Observation Lounge. I follow in hot purse, maybe they know where to go. I’m quite certain that I’m most sincerely lost. I need a bot. Using Telepathy, I T-probe a burnt bridge, a dead engine room, and many destroyed escape pods. I sigh with hopelessness.
“Halt,” the Pirate shouts in front of the running citizens standing in the middle of the empty hallway.
“Don’t shoot me,” a visible citizen yells with fright holding both arms in the air, bank-robbery-like.
“Don’t shoot,” a visible citizen shouts with fear.
“Drop the masers,” the Pirate sneers with a scarred ugly face waving a right handed maser side to side for show. He points the maser at the archway on the right as the chicken shit guests move into a new room. I watch the citizens walk single or double then disappear into the room.
I turn right following the crowd and last then two-step right against a wall paper of orange as the Pirate orders, “Sit down!” His unfriendly buddies draw their weapons at us as I do not comply.
Since, I do not like being ordered around, so I remain standing while the Pirate dog sneers nicely with a set of yellow teeth. Everything ain’t fine.
I see him, the Leader-Pirate standing in the room, tall and slim with a slimy posture. He appears with a pair of ripped puke green-yellowish pants, a torn puke green-yellowish shirt, a red bleeding cut on a pointy chin along with a sneer on an ugly pale face. And he wears a puke-green yellowish gem crown on red hair. Hold the comfone!
I have described a familiar figure, Dirk. He is the leader of the wolf pack revealing his true calling, the number enemy of me…naw…the citizens. I sigh with revenge.
Keep looking! Dirk’s arms are bowed and tied behind his back. I sigh with confusion.
“Emperor Dirk,” an invisible citizen jokes…naw…presents, since I just left that another alien time line with him as ruler of the universe. I sigh with puzzlement.
Rita is Empress and Dirk a no-show for the fun torture activities in alien time line number seven. I sighed with more confusion.
“Emperor Dirk,” an invisible body confirms as I hide a maser my gray vest. I get a new outfit. I stole…naw…borrowed it from the female pilot’s locker since she’s dead, laying in a cold blue body inside the landing dock. I wear a pretty gray sleeveless vest and a matching circular skirt paired with perfectly polished leather gray knee boots, too cute. I sigh with delight.
“Move or Dirk gets it,” the talking Pirate scoffs as I muddle that mental thought in a sharp mind.
Move or Dirk gets it. I think really long and hard regarding that serious statement, before I decide to do something.
I should move, so I could end it for Emperor Dirk, since my future decision would save me the trouble of killing him, later. It is Dirk or me, sniggering like a sly fox. I sigh with non-decision.
“Sit,” the pirate orders as I do not sit.
Since, I really don’t like people telling me what to do, while I really don’t like being interrupted with my fun on this flying yacht. And, I really don’t like people hurting other people. I really don’t like you, sir. I sigh with vengeance.
Then I stomp a gray leather boot forward to kill the cockroach as the Pirate spits, “Don’t?”
Don’t what? Fire? Spit? Dance? Well, buddy, speak in full sentences with a single noun and a single verb, so maybe I can understand your vocal communication better. Because, I’m really stupid.
I tromp a right boot forwards sliding beside a left foot without shouting or dancing a jig. Okay! I have moved, so you can kill Dirk. I call your buff, fool! The Pirate shoves the maser into the Adam’s apple of Dirk’s throat. Grunt, sounds Dirk, while the Pirate isn’t going to kill the Emperor. That’s mean, ya’ll. I have to save Dirk as eyeballs stare at me.
Well, kill him. I mentally think but do not send a Telepathic message to the Pirate. I greatly wish while crossing my heart and hoping Dirk dies. I step forward a foot as the Pirate trembles.
I feel the tense, fury, and nervousness of his current unstable emotional state of mind, smiling. He’s not going to press the button on the maser on Dirk, but he’s thinking of killing me. I stop swaying a face to the left watching his shooting hand slightly tremble then lift a right arm from my leg. His body shifts for the kill.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I T-summon the maser to a right hand using Telekinesis, drawing my hidden weapon from my vest with a left hand. I fire as a red light hits the un-armed and dangerous Pirate right between the ugly black bushy eyebrows. He falls back on Dirk’s chest when Dirk jumps booted feet to a right side then the Pirate hits the thick carpet. Dead!
I shot using both masers occupying two folded fists to the right side, then the left side, then behind me, then in front of me, and then beside me with many arrays of red waves. Dead! Dead!
Dead! Dead! Dead!
I lose math count after five as the frighten citizens scatter like marbles into the hallway, running and screaming down the corridor.
Whatever? Dirk lays unconscious on the thick carpet with eyelids closed as I bounce on boot toes over to him with a maser in a right shooting hand ready for a re-match. I place a left hand on his forehead, hurt. I jerk a face and scan the room, empty.
“Stang,” whispering for my eardrums, only. I save his life, now, I gots to rescue him, as well. I quickly scan the reminding ram ship with a T-probe of Telepathy seeing some bad stuff.
The engine room, library, kitchen, sleeping rooms, observation lounge, and the command center are on fire, smelling smoke with inflamed nose holes. I conclude with heavy thoughts, the ram ship is burning. So, I forget about landing this baby.
I switch eyelashes while seeing with a T-probe of Telepathy across the hallway, my ride. The zipper, I have successfully punched through the escape hatch entrance. Just my luck! The zipper accommodates two persons and three pieces of luggage. Everything is fine.
I T-drag using Telekinesis Dirk’s heavy dang vertical body barely an inch off the carpet…(carpet burns, baby)…trailing behind me. I quickly exit the damaged room, walking into the hallway and across to the escape sector of the ram ship. I un-gently toss him into an empty passenger seat then T-zap suing Telekinesis the webbing around a large lump of body. Then I jerk the joy stick backwards yanking the zipper from its metal cocoon inside the escape pod. Screech! Vacuum sucks both air oxygen molecules and loose articles of trash out of the open with me after exposing the newly created exit port in the ram ship. If there any citizens hanging around there during my exit then they don’t exist anymore. I sigh with sorrow.
Cold black outer space. Minus 1000ºF. I drop a joy stick hard, punching out of occupied space into bad girl light speed seeing the prettily picture of colored lines of star splatters hitting the view screen from hyper-speed travel. A ram ship prettily explodes into millions pieces of red, green, and blue space trash creating more garbage junk for the Wall to eat and feed. The Wall is a geometric thing in the middle of the universe, where a living object divides the universe into two solar systems with planets, citizens, and trouble.
I neck snap a sour face while staring a set of invisible fire balls at my un-invited guest, Dirk. I couldn’t save the other citizens, if there were any other citizens to save between the multiply high impact explosions of deadly fires and lunatic pirates. I sigh with sadness.
The explosions and bombs caused a lot of damage to the interior of the yacht. Get this! These citizens are actually trying to save Dirk, making the universe all wrong. But, I’ll fix it. I promise, smiling. I sigh with glee.
Commerce. Royal castle. Emperor Dirk. lawn. sunny skies. no clouds. 88*F, afternoon. I fly the zipper down towards Commerce, home of the ruler of the universe, harbor for the universe’s merchandise markets, and the Game, a sporting activity of the galaxy. I conclude with one purpose, the universe keeps changing within each alien time line since the first.
I glance at the passenger seat. Dirk is in a semi-conscious state of mind next to me from the massive cuts and bruises on a pale body. Heal him! You’re joking, right! He can heal himself using the Royal medical ward at his castle. I sigh with frustration.
I shake gray hair in eyelashes while switching my mental mind, since I purposefully face a new unknown universe as an alien. I sigh with secret.
If I survive alone from the ram ship explosive, ya’ll then I’d be pursued, prosecuted, and hung in the wooden gallows in the Game Stadium by the next King of the Universe or worse, the Queen of the Universe. I T-tap a pretty colorful flash of a future scene in my head using Teleclairvoyance, since my Tele-powers work and work and work, very well. I sigh with disappointment.
“I had no choice,” whispering for my eardrums over and over and over, again. I roughly tap and land on the three tires of the zipper then exit in a clean gray skirt, watching a welcoming party approaching to my left.
The citizens are shocked to see me, since I’m a pretty girl…naw…a stranger with Dirk. I mean, Dirk lays unconscious inside my zipper while living another day, until I find him, alone, again. Our time’s coming soonest, ya’ll as General overweight Ira and seven pairs…(fourteen folks, ya’ll)…Royal Honor Guard Units invade me…naw…my zipper.
The Guards roll and march in booted feet beside a hovering medical bed for Dirk. “Bbot, carry his Royal Highness to the medical ward, now,” Ira commands.
“Yes, General Ira,” Bbot hums in mechanic gears as the fourteen Royal Honor Guards surround Dirk then escort him into the castle. 
Maybe, Dirk is really the secret target with someone trying to kill him, since I don’t have the answers and I really don’t care. The pirates are lousy at their jobs.
“Who are you?” Ira interrupts my day dream with a rough authoritarian voice.
“Starra,” announcing my name in fluttering flute while scanning the crowd of smiling faces and happy personalities.
“You saved the Emperor,” Ira states the obvious while bobbing curls up and down.
“Don’t rub it in,” whispering under stinky breathe.
“Did you say something?” He frowns a twisted face while asking.
“Naw,” singing in flute. Since, I’m not a warrior, a pilot, a noblette, a commoner or a citizen but an alien. I giggle with my little secret.
“The universe, thanks you, Starra,” Ira expresses in a mellow tone.
Gimme food, shelter and a job as I vocal with a soft piano, “Thanks.”
“Starra, please accept our humble thanks as our invited guest at the Royal palace for the evening. Luxury accommodations have been arranged for your stay. I am afraid Emperor Dirk will not avail himself to meet with you due to his medical condition.” Ira updates while motioning a right hand towards an awaiting Royal Honor Guard Unit of four females.
“I accept,” singing in flute, smiling, since I’m invited to stay at the palace for the remaining day and evening. I accept without hesitation ya’ll. I admit truthfully this time line is starting out just right for me. I have no money, no job, no food, no shelter, no clothes, no ship, and no robot to assist me with finding employment to provide shelter and food for my body, mind, and Rann. I sigh with contentment.
The nice and quiet guards show the new bedroom suite along with a bot servant, enjoying my new life in alien time line number eight. I sigh with joy.
I stripe the gray vest and skirt standing naked then leap, kitten-like into a cool looking lavender clothed queen-sized bed linens. I place the cool linens up to my chin then rudely shout, “Bring me three…naw…four pieces of chocolate cake and a pitcher of sweet milk!”
Hbot slices  the cake pieces then delivers a pretty lap tray with cake, milk, and a single yellow rose in a short glass vase across the lavender bedspread as I command like an alien princess. “Now! Leave! Don’t bother me for the rest of the evening! Close the dang door!”
Day 149. Royal castle. Sunny day. 74ºF. bedroom suite. Loud ear popping music rolls off the castle walls straight into my eardrums while stirring me awake. I jump, kitten-like out of bed running in nakedness to the closed and draped windows. I toss the curtains to the side seeing a parade while smiling.
Marching bands of musicians with instruments, colorful noble floats with snobby nobles and noblettes, sidewalk market exhibits of merchandise, and running figures, I T-ping using Telepathy for naked eyeballs and beyond. Citizens are composed of men, women, and children dancing, skipping, playing, and singing along the yellow cobblestone street while gleefully trailing behind the Royal noble procession.
“Jubilation Day! This is Jubilation Day.” I remind my neurons. I sigh with thrill-ness.
From the eye ball looks of the citizens in fancy costumes and colorful stylist dress, the old customs and traditions are back. I sigh with delight.
I swing a nakedness changing into my gray vest, and matching skirt when I note with bull-frog eyeballs a purple box with a purple bow tied around the square corners. I rip open my gift, since I love getting presents. And, I know this is from Dirk, the purple bow. I drop the box lid to the floor seeing a formal ankle-length gray dress complete with a pair of gray summer sandals and a pair of gray gloves, so happy. I’m attending the Jubilation Day Festivities in royal style. I sigh with joy.
I dress and prance down the stairs like a farm pony, since I don’t care. I nosily stomp a right summer sandal on the marble floor when a gate sentry opens the front door for me. I graciously exit out the Royal castle into the bright sun light, so excited. I slowly prance in four-inched summer sandals to an awaiting two-horse drawn purple open-air carriage, so giggles. I sigh with thrills.
Auditorium. I arrive then gracefully exit the Royal carriage entering the auditorium in an elegant ankle-length with long sleeves, a turtle neck color on a body hugging tight hot dress coupled with a pair of hand gloves. Don’t trip! I’m covered from throat and below down to toe bones with clothing. The only exposed part of my body is golden freckles and big smile. I sigh with heat.
It’s very warm inside the crowded and smelly citizens…naw…auditorium. Every paint chip is in place, a familiar orange auditorium with a purple stage and one golden throne chair. Dirk sits inside the chair, of course. I quickly grab an empty seat inside one the U-shaped metal silver coated bleachers, seeing with eyeballs and green envy the Noble booths for Rann, Tok, Ira, Rita, and Ty. I remember these individual sky boxes, those days, and those times. I hope to re-live them, again, since I’m just plain old Starra. I sigh with plain.
The Master of Ceremonies announces via hidden speakers within the rafters in a loud baritone tuba to the hushed crowd, “Emperor Dirk has three very important proclamations for the citizens of the universe.” Soft citizen mutters bounce off the flooring.
Well, spit it out Dirk, since I don’t have all day. The day is beautiful while I lose sun light as you tinker with your purple robes.
The proper Master of Ceremonies is tall with black hair then rudely direct points an index finger at Dirk. Dirk slowly stands with purple robes fluttering around his tallness from the throne chair.
Loud claps and cheers of citizens as I do not clap, being too hot, too annoyed, and too inpatient.
“Thank you, citizens for a warm reception. Master of Ceremonies, please continue with the announcements,” Dirk smiles and shared then seats.
“The Pirates have been totally destroyed. The Pirate Raid on His Majesty’s star yacht consumed the last of the deformed and sick terrorists. General Ira has reported that he could not find any more creatures on the asteroid of Resort or around the stars of Commerce, Tech World or Agri. They are all gone, now,” the Master of Ceremonies announces as loud cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles of citizens. I do nothing but stare at Dirk’s pretty lavender robes.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says. “The Crown would like to honor a Citizen of the Universe, who is solely responsible for this fantastic defeat of the Pirates, as well as personally saving the Emperor of the Universe from certain torture and death from the dangerous and deadly foe.” Loud cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles of citizens.
“Naw…,” whispering for my eardrums, only. This is not happening to me, since I don’t need anymore attention. I sigh with embarrassment.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says. “The Crown recognizes Citizen Starra for her valor bravery, loyalty, and daring rescue to save Emperor Dirk, sole ruler of the universe. Citizen Starra, please approach the stage.” Loud cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles of citizens as I slowly stand then Dirk slowly stands from the chair. I roughly stroll in a tight gray dress using Telekinesis for balance through an overcrowded bleacher of citizens then Dirk gracefully floats and floods his long lavender robes towards the same spot on the flooring.
Give me the medal! Get me out of here! I wave and smile friendly with a right shooting hand, minus a maser, of course. Ira removed the weapons, before I entered the Royal castle.
Dirk meets and greets like a lavender status of pale ugliness, plastered with a smirk of twisted pink lips and a sneering wickedly grin while bestowing me with personal attention and recognition in the unknown universe. Everything is fine.
I stand front of a six feet tall man grinning from one pale ear to the other. “Good job, Starra. You saved my life,” Dirk bends a face then whispers low in tenor into my right eardrum with stinky breath.
“Thanks,” moaning with upcoming trouble as Dirk hold a silver shiny wordless round medal in the air between ten finger pads. Loud cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles of citizens. The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then Dirk drops the earth element around my neck.
Loud cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles of citizens. The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then Dirk drones in tenor over my hair roots. “Thank you, Citizen for saving my life. I owe you a universe of gratitude that I will spend the rest of my life paying. For your unselfishness, I impart the title of first Lady of the planet of Ice to you, Starra. Congratulations, Countess Starra of the planet of Ice.” Then, he bows at a waist to me. Man, I wish that I had hid a camera inside one of my gloves for this foto moment. Dirk uprights a torso, still smiling. Man, you do not owe me nothing in the unknown universe. But, I have a great big favor, leave me alone.
I vocally answer, “Welcome!” I really desire Dirk dead, but it’s coming soonest. I sigh with danger.
I quickly back step my summer sandals from Dirk then elegantly twist a face while waving a right shooting hand and smiling with good teeth as the medal dangles from the neck for eyeballs of the nosy citizens. Loud cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles of citizens while I swiftly return to my assigned seat inside the bleachers, but Dirk stands, alone and smiles, happily. I sigh with doom.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says. “The Crown, His mighty Majesty, His Royal Highness, and the great Emperor Dirk of the Universe proclaims with great delight and careful consideration a decision to take a wife to rule beside him as ‘Empress of the Universe’.” Dirk is finally going to marry Rita after second, third, four, fifth, sixth or so alien time lines as loud cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles of citizens.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says. “Emperor Dirk, sole ruler of the universe will seek an Empress as set by the Book which establishes the mating rituals for the Emperor of the Universe.” Loud cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles of citizens. 
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says. “Emperor Dirk, sole ruler of the universe, is seeking the finest female in the universe for his bride. She must be bright, talented, mature and gifted to rule beside the Emperor of the Universe.” I sigh with intrigue.
The finest female also must be deaf, dumb, blind, and totally stupid to accept marriage to Lord Creep…naw…Emperor Creep in this time line or any other time line. That’s my personal opinion, but we are talking about Rita here, ya’ll. However, I don’t find her to be the finest female in the unknown universe, either.
“Mirror, mirror on the distance wall, tell me who is the finest of all,” whispering under my sweet breath while closing eyelashes from both boredom and fun. The metaphysical mirror says with my T-ting of Teleclairvoyance and some crazy girly wild-ass imagination, me. I sigh with amusement.
Loud cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles of citizens awaken me from my day dreaming.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then a visible young female sits on my right side and coos with dove-happy emotions, “I want to marry him.”
“Who would want to marry that monster?” A visible senior female on my left side snarls as I snort like a wild-ass boar.
I do not desire marriage to tall, skinny, pale, ugly, and stinky Dirk, just kill him. I dare the Master of Ceremonies to offer that proposal, since I’d be the first citizen in line, elbowing my way within the competition for that first kill shot with a maser, of course.
I smile, snigger, and search for handsome Rann and the other devoted nobles hiding out inside their noble skyboxes for both fun and annoyance of Emperor Dirk. I bet they’d be right behind me in that duckling line-up. Too bad, Dirk can only be killed, once. 
I’m nasty bad, today even with Dirk’s ceremonial awarded a medal and a noblette title…(yeah, babe)….Dirk has exposed me for some dang reason. And, I’m fearfully afraid that I’ll be finding out really soonest. I sigh with alien.
“In fairness to each beautiful and charming lady in the universe, Emperor Dirk will conduct an Empress Pageant. The Empress candidates must be over 16-sun solar years and less than 200-sun solar years to qualify for the pageant,” the Master of Ceremonies informs as loud cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles of citizens.
Get to the good stuff, man, the names of the victims…naw…the candidates. I bet they’ve been hand selected already by Dirk. I sigh with knowledge.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says. “The Empress Selection Committee has been chose the following lovely ladies of the universe.” The spectators loudly cheers, claps, hoots, and whistles.
Told ya! My Tele-powers are heated and hot, today. I wish my body was being heated and hot in the bright yellow sunshine while working on a dark golden tan. Hurry up! It is going to be night time before this finishes and the bright hot sun goes down into the valley. I sigh with impatience.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he smiles and adds, “One candidate per planet, please.” The spectators laugh and snicker along with me. Pretty good joke! I sigh with fun.
“Ladies, as I call you name, please stand for the citizens to view and admire. The Empress-in-waiting candidates are listed in alphabetic order, starting with the planet of Agri. Please applaud for the lovely Joy,” the Master of Ceremonies echoes from the hidden overhead speakers.
Dirk is both ungentlemanly and mean, since Joy is Ty’s girl. Ty is the noble of Agri and Rann’s lifetime buddy making Dirk cotton pickin’ loco for picking her.
I flash back mentally into a fifth alien time line when at the Royal Carnival while admiring the black cows and red fruits inside the Agri Exhibition Tent, Ty was showing off his produce, his livestock, and his girl. She was an official Agri native while I was on an official date with Prince Rann of Sahara.
I flash present searching with eyeballs for Rann, not locating him or Ty. I flash back mentally into a fifth alien time line when I saved Ty’s life from Dirk’s hired mercenary trying to assassin him at the Royal Carnival. I stopped her. Ty lived.
I flash present watching Joy stand from the Agri skybox without Rann or Ty as the spectators cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
“From the planet of Bonita, I present Lady Ann,” the Master of Ceremonies echoes over the hidden speakers as I violently twist neck muscles left then right while seeking her within a crowded auditorium. She is alive and stands soldierly, not waving and not smiling inside the Noble skybox of Bonita. I sigh with shock.
I flash back mentally into the first alien time line when I met both Ann and Dirk. He was only a lowly lord of a dead planet. And his mentor, Lady Rosa became my mentor and friend for a short period of time, two days. Then, she violently died. I never saw Lady Rosa or Lady Ann, again.
I flash present mentally thinking Ann is one of the an Empress-in-waiting candidates…(yeah, babe)…not for long. Once dead, they’re gone! When a citizen dies in a previous time line, the citizen returns and then dies in the next space and time continuum. I sigh with sorrow.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says, “From the planet of Ice, Countess Starra.”
“What?” I smart-ass in piccolo while clearly hearing within eardrums my name and my new noblette title. Countess Starra. Since, I do plan to live in the old Ice mansion on the ancient furniture, since Dirk has kindly bestowed the title and property on me for saving his greedy life, which I seriously regret.
A visible female slaps my right forearm and commands. “Stand,” then an invisible male slams a folded fist into my back. I slowly shift up as one of the Empress-in-waiting candidates. I sigh with danger.
Dirk’s plan has succeeded, too well as I look fossilized constipated with fish lips, ugly along with a wrinkled forehead while Dirk neatly sits safely inside his throne chair on a purple stage and smiles directly at me. I sigh with doom.
I quickly re-seat while the Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says, “From the planet of Militia, Kia.” The spectators cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
I flash back mentally into a third alien time line when I met the daughter of General Ira and Generalette Mar of twin space stations, Militia during the Princess-in-training candidates. Prince Rann was ruler of the universe and forced to select his Princess of the Universe. Me and Kit were in the running then I won the honor. But, Dirk set me up to ride back into the wormhole, epic failure.
I flash back present seeing Kia inside the Militia skybox standing right next her Daddy, Ira, who doesn’t wear a smile, only a dog sneer.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says, “From the planet of Resort, Mia.”
The spectators cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
I flash back mentally into a third alien time line when I met Mia, daughter of Marquis Tok from dead world of Resort, and school children of Uni, and the sick hospital folks of Bio.
I flash back present not seeing Mia or Tok. Period!
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says, “From the planet of Sahara, Princetta Fay.” The spectators cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
Fay? Princetta? She must be new to the unknown universe from the planet of Saharan as I stretch, giraffe-like neck muscles for Rann, since he knows her. I sigh with mystery.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says, “From the planet of Tech World, Viscountess Rita.” The spectators cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
I know and everyone knows who Rita is, since ya don’t need an announcer to shout her name into the rafters. Finally, Rita’s going to marry the tall slimy thing on the throne chair as Dirk slowly stands, smiles, and claps. I sigh with waste.
Every citizen looks happy, in this time line. Dirk must be using the drug “gink” in the water supply, again. I sigh with curiosity.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration, when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says, “Empresses-in-waiting, the contest requires your participation in a Royal parade for Festival Day, which will be in two days.” The spectators cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
Festival Day is tomorrow making some more rule changes, since I can’t keep up. This beauty contest is going to be quick. I sigh with quicksilver.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm while halting the happy celebration, when silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says, “You will design a parade float with a theme. Your parade float theme will be judged by the entire citizens of the universe. The citizens will vote using the Nbots. Each citizen will submit one vote for the girl with the overall talent, beauty, charm, and intelligent to be Empress of the Universe.” I sigh with puzzlement.
One vote per citizen, hoping Rita’s a very popular person, since she might not win. I sigh with dumbness.
Dirk slowly walks down the steps of the stage on booted feet then stops. He inhales tons of air molecules and drones in tenor. “My future bride will be announced after the Empress Parade and before the start of the Empress Ball. Everyone is invited. “Good luck, Empresses-in-waiting. I dismiss of you, citizens.” The spectators cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle. This is one social dance and dinner I’ll skip on purpose. I sigh with absence.
Man, the native need another life while I need another time line. I sigh with repetition.
lunch. Royal castle. dining room. I was ordered…naw…invited to attend the daily lunch meal with Dirk and the other Empress-in-training candidates for the informational session, since Dirk has spent the entire morning babbling about his life, his wedding, his future bride, and his contest at the lunch table. I sigh with boredom.
Dirk almost finishes. “My Royal staff is available twenty-hours per day or night to assist you with your costume and fabric selection and design, furniture, decorations, personnel, flowers, balloons, and streamers. Or what ever else you might need to equip for your float.” I slide lips, left with the mental thought, balloons and streamers for a child’s float. I sigh with insensitivity.
I eat and sit in a padded leather chair next to Rita for lunch by mistake when Rita storytells. “There is Prince Rann, noble of the planet of Sahara. Do you know him…uh…your name, again, sweetie…(smiles)…Rann is famous for killing the evil King Rex and starting the War that created a new empire which installed Dirk as Emperor.”
I flash back mentally into a second alien time line when King Rex was killed by his royal daughter, Rita with a jeweled dagger in the rear back muscles.
“Another ‘Hero of the Universe’,” she mocks giggling, being jealous of Rann while Rann regally strolls over to our dining room table. He bows gentlemanly at the waist like the only nobleman in the universe then uprights a torso while smiling at me. I sigh with true love.
Rita charms like a snake trainer with a smirking smile. “Please, sit down, Rann. Have you met our little ‘Heroine of the Universe,’ Starra?” Rann pads booted feet closer to me slightly folding at a waist while I extend a right naked hand for the noble touch of good noblette manners, learned from Lady Rosa.
Rann offers in sexy baritone trombone, “It is with a deep respect and a great honor to allow me to touch your hand, Countess Starra.” Then, he gently places two soft pink lips on my hand as I blush pinky-pink cheekbones feeling red hot. My heart pounds like jack hammers between the eardrums while I hold my sweet breath. I sigh with heated passion.
Rita nosily gags on her stinky spit then quickly blows a right nostril into a cloth food napkin then makes a good reason to leave us, “I’m late for an appointment, excuse me.” She swiftly stands then gracefully swings a dress towards the archway along with the other Empress trainees, making me and Rann, along, together inside the dining room.
“I’m so sorry to see you leave…Rita,” he doesn’t view her while smiling and staring at me. There’s no love between these two citizens. Rann smiles so sweetly leaning into my space, “I hope you don’t believe the information Rita says about me. I can tell you with a straight face, it’s all lies.” He chuckles while occupying Rita’s empty chair as I giggle with a girly twang.
“I believe the lies. They make you seem…manly human,” teasing and tickling the cloth napkin with ten finger pads without wiping off the invisible kiss on a right hand.
“With that said, then you’re allowed to believe the lies,” Rann scoots the chair and his boots closer to the table…naw…to me. “Are you nervous, Starra?”
“Naw! Should I be?” I share and smile as Rann just stares and smiles at me.
“I don’t mean to dampen your spirit, but I’d be a little afraid.” He chuckles at his silly advice.
“Afraid of what, competition with her!?” I laugh my ass off as Rann leans into my face.
“I admire your guts,” he compliments. 
“I admire you,” complimenting back and rat-tattle, “Honey, I’m loaded with guts, gravel, and grit.”
“You are!?” Rann purses lips, ugly with surprise.
“I am,” winking an eyelash, right at Rann while we both chuckle like a farm animals.
Royal castle, bedroom suite. bright and starry night. I gently slap the mini-bot on the soft bed mattress without harming me, since I have memorized the stupid rules for the more stupid Empress-in-waiting competition. I laugh my ass off, since the grand prize is cursed.
I don’t desire to marry Dirk, just kill him. And, I don’t desire to be an Empress-in-waiting, just kill Rita, too. I sigh with logic.
I roll on a stomach closing eyelashes. I flash back mentally into a third alien time line when I serviced as a Princess Candidate performing the Princess Candidate lessons before becoming Rann’s Princess. I attended social lessons in dance, table manners, maser target practice, and zipper flying. I missed the academic class room lectures then I messed up marrying Rann. The evil and vile prison convict named Dirk broke out of his jail prison on Sahara and tried to murder me at my own blessed dang wedding. Well, I showed him. I allowed him and his accomplish, Rita to enter the wormhole. Then, the backlash of the sky monster created a ring of fire, disintegrating me into ashes.
I flash present there are to be no formal or informal dinner parties, no dress up, no dancing, and no seeing Dirk for the Empress-in-waiting candidates. I ride on top of my home planet’s parade float, and then watch the Game players bloody each others’ body parts, while the Sahara Warriors win, as usual.
Next, I see Rita win the Empress contest and marry Emperor Dirk, not offering to be a pretty bridesmaid in the wedding. I don’t wanna attend that marriage ceremony, unless, of course I’m going to be hung in the Game stadium gallows for disobeying that law. Then, I might change my mind, giggling and falling sound asleep in my warm royal bed.
Day 150. space station Uni. cold dark outer space. minus 1000ºF. morning. Imagination is the test for the Empress pageant, not beauty. I’d win 1,000,000 million hands down, if a beauty contest. I giggle, since I desire not to win the groom, Dirk. I sigh with grossness.
I sit inside a red padded cloth desk inside the school’s Library on space station of Uni slowly pulling scattered data bits on a potential theme for my parade Empress floatie over hard dried yellow brick roadie, giggling. That’s need to be constructed within the next 32-hours. I sigh with distress.
I don’t wanna ride in an Empress parade or be an Empress-in-waiting or win the Empress thingy as the mini-bot screen blinks in pretty colors of red and blue. I sigh with nothingness.
I pull all available academic and scientific information like a good student on Planet Ice, a round ball of frozen oxygen and hydrogen. The native world is covered over in white silver slick frozen water, hammered with white snowy blizzards every day around both hemispheres. The winter animals consist of bears, seals, fish, and fowl flying, walking or soaring over white frozen land, sea or sky, a very long time ago. The planet was vaporized with numerous maser bombs in the first alien time line, not to be inhabited for 1,000 of more solar sun years.
I musically tap a manicured index finger nail on the silver part of the keyboard without touching a single key while softly wording for my eardrums, only. “Snow, blizzards, cold temperatures, furry animals! A furry snow owl,” giggling. “A fuzzy snow maiden? Naw. An Ice king? Yeah, Dirk qualifies for that position,” giggling. “An ice queen? Rita gets that title.”
They should ride on the Planet Ice floatie as the paired Ice King and Ice Queen, not me, giggling at my silly sick humor, since I am truly losing my mind.
I suddenly hunger for ice cream, chocolate ice cream covered with white whipped cream.
Lunch time. I cut eyelashes to the wall clock, three hours pondering, gathering, and trying to think of an Empress parade theme floatie.
I thought of Mother Nature being a farm girl, since I was raised on a plantation with cotton, cows, and corn. But, I haven’t worked on a farm plow for the past 150 days while hanging around the new galaxy working, playing, eating, sleeping, laughing, fighting, losing, and then dying over and over and over and over, again. I sigh with worry.
Then, I got comlened last night with the great news that character of “Mother Nature” was taken, already. Lots of the most common and popular themes are taken, since the young females are day dreaming up a theme. I sigh with jealousy.
“Mermaid of the Sea,” a deep sexy baritone trombone sings behind me, Rann as I smile, first then swing a face in his heated direction.
I repeat for fun, “Mermaid of the Sea.”
“You represent the planet of Ice. There’s plenty of water. I’ve been there, ice fishing.” Rann pulls a heavy chair next to me, explaining and smiling while leaning over into my space.
I giggle and grin while almost touching his cheekbone, whispering inside the Library, “The water is ice cold, not luke warm like the Resort Ocean.”
Rann doesn’t give up. “Mermaids are mythical creatures, anyway. They could, theoretically, live in ice cold waters on Planet Ice. I don’t think I’d get a philosophical debate over that concept from any academic scholar.” He smiles as I bob curls up and down.
“You’re correct. This entire contest is a myth or a joke,” giggling while Rann quickly swishes neck muscles around the quiet room then returns eyeballs to me.
“A joke! Dirk is the Emperor. The Book states he can marry on woman her wants,” Rann carefully cautions in baritone.
“Dirk should marry Rita. He loves her. She loves him. Why doesn’t he just marry her?” I ask with kitty-cat curiosity.
“The Book lists the instructions on the Royal formality for the Crown. Dirk is following the Royal law and protocol, Starra,” he seriously addresses my bold remark.
I need to get my hands on a red Book, reading the “do’s” from the first time line instructed by Lady Rosa along with other ‘do not’s.”
Rann turns the mini-bot towards a face whacking ten finger pads on the keyboard, explaining, “For covering your parade float, I’d suggest a silver draped fabric for lining the floor and the base.” I snuggle closer to Rann’s cheekbone while smelling his cologne of citrus and pine and.
I purr like a kitten into his left eardrum, “Okay.” I do not mind the idea, since I cuddle with Rann for a few more hours, before reporting back to Dirk at the Royal castle. And, my mind is a blank page. I sigh with true love.
Rann just works on the mini-bot while I coo like a dove into his left eardrum, “Inside the base of the lorry, you can add about six water tanks with fish, sea stars, sea horses, shells, and other small but harmless marine life,” winking an eyelid, right at me while we both chuckle.
“Where do I get that from?” I act stupid for fun.
“Resort, of course! Don’t worry, I have connections,” winking an eyelid, right at me as we both chuckle for fun.
“You do.” I act more stupid, “I thought Resort was off limits.”
“For certain citizens, it is,” chuckling like a silly clown for purposefully acting stupid in front of Emperor Dirk.
I flash back mentally into a seventh time line when I was kidnapped, blindfolded, and abducted to a small secluded ocean island of Resort by Rann We had a great time then it ended with a bang from exploding red bricks of dynamic set by Rita.
I flash present thinking that Rann doesn’t remember out alone time together on the Resort ocean island or any of our times, together from the past other six time lines. I sigh with true love.
“How entertaining?” I act stupid while having to re-flirt and re-mind Rann of my pretty awesome selfie. But, I do note with eyeballs, neurons and emotions quickly into the creation of each new alien warped time line, Rann seems to easily locate and find me without any assistant. I sigh with true love.
“Your costume?” Rann introduces, smiling while sketch on a white background in black color, showing a two-piece long dress. “Sahara diamonds are glued onto the outer fabric of the top piece which will stimulate the illusion of shimmery ice crystals.”
“Your creation is beautiful, Rann,” I do not act stupid but sincere, smiling and cooing at my new dress design.
“A diamond shaped figure of a small star fish in your waist length gray hair, here.” Rann gently touches with a soft index finger the right side part of my gray hair.
“Wow! You’re awesome,” complimenting and smiling as Rann just stare and smiles at me.
“I enjoy designing, not only clothes,” he tattles and laughs.
I flash back mentally into a sixth time line when Rann designed a new zipper ship compared to a regular zipper star ship.
“What do you think, Starra?” Rann asks.
“You saved me,” complimenting.
“I did.” He says with puzzlement.
“Yes, you did. I don’t know how I’ll ever repay you for your ideas, gifts, and generosity.” I flirt for fun while he chuckles like a silly clown at my subtle proposal.
“Your skirt will be made of iridescent stones to show off your…(views me)…legs.” Rann smiles and chuckles.
“Iridescent stones?” I repeat.
“The semi-precious gems glitter in sunlight similar to diamonds with touches of yellow, orange, pink, red, green, and blue embedded into the silver fabric.” Rann explains.
“I have a theme and a costume. I’m ready for the Empress parade.” I remark.
“You need to leave for the fitting for your dress, Starra, before tomorrow morning.” Rann suggests.
“What about my Empress floatie?” I whine with more help of the stupid empress thingy, batting my black eyelashes and flirting and smiling at Rann. He smiles and stares at me with a goofy grin.
“I’ll be very happy to supervise the design, decoration, and décor of the…(pause)…floatie…(chuckles)…And, you can use my limo.” Rann snaps two fingers when two Royal Honor Guard Units appear from the wood work before my eyes. “Escort the Countess to the seamstress, and then back to Dirk’s palace. Contact me, if you encounter the tiniest difficulty.”
“Yes, Sire,” The Guards sing in c-flat in unison as Rann stands assisting with me two hands, ten wiggling finger pads and two strong biceps out of the chair. He holds my hands…way to long then release them and quickly bows and.
He offers, smiling, “Enjoy your day! Starra. I’ll see you…(smiles)…later.”
I stand and bounce on summer sandals in the long motherly gray dress with the four-inched high heels, minus the gloves, “I will. Thanks so much, Rann.” I swing a body and slowly waddle in the tight dress then glance a face behind a left shoulder, while I watch Rann watch me priss away, giggling.
Day 152. Empress Parade. cobblestone street. yellow sun. baby blue sky. no clouds. 68ºF. to early morning. The Empress parade route rides on the familiar yellow cobblestone street starting at the Royal castle leading to the Game stadium for the football competition. I sigh with boredom.
Dirk waves a mighty jeweled purple scepter while flapping pink lips and purple robes like a big large purple bird on the Emperor’s floatie, first. Then, the rest of parade floats proceeds in alphabetic order, starting with the letter “A” for Agri, similar to the announcement of the Empress-in-training candidates.
I lazily lounge a folded body of silver in yellow sunlight on a thickly padded silver-tinted butt-stool, not sitting near the fishes, giggling at my silly humor.
Fishes!? I sound like a little kid. I am not seated near the fish or marine animals swimming inside the water tanks. I sound like an adult. I sigh with intelligence.
I really wanna laid at the pool side absorbing an adventure book in solitude, tanning my fading body with Rann, sniggering like a sly fox at my day dream. I sigh with true love.
The drums roll and the horns toot signaling the uplifting of mechanic floats. My Empress floatie is third in line in the Empress Parade. All the floats line up in alphabetic order waiting for a turn to enter the yellow cobblestone street in the Royal procession.
Dirk leads in a modified de-funked, non-operating roofless silver-colored carrier ship, sitting silly on top of a hovering purple lorry. He waves a gloved purple right hand to the excited citizens and a purple scepter in his left hand, a purple crown on hair roots. His slaves…naw…servants guard the float while tossing candy with ten finger pads to the happy hollering spectators. He looks stupid, being Emperor, so he looks twice as stupid as I laugh my ass off enjoying the first floatie.
And snacking on the numerous colorful and tasty food items inside a side storage bin of my Royal floatie, Rann thinks of everything for me. That’s why I love him, so much. I just wish I could tell him. I sigh with true love.
The letter “A” for Agri displays a lovely, young, pretty Joy. The float hovers by me with a first row Agri gray prancing Quarter horses, follows by black Morgan horses, next are orange and white Paint horses, and finally the Empress platform float. The theme represents an old fairy tale from a child’s book. I read that book as a child on Planet Earth. The wooden hand-made painted green sign reads Sherwood Forest. Well done!
Sherwood Forest decorates with real tree brown-colored limbs and brown branches of Mother Nature from the Farm World, consisting of miniature blue fruit bushes, small green trees, real singing red birds, and green blades of short grass. I smell with inflamed nostrils the aroma of the woodlands, home. The smell reminds me of my real home, Starbuck Plantation, on my real planet, Earth in my real galaxy, the Milky Way. I sigh with homesickness.
Joy dresses in a floor-length and beyond elegantly deep green emerald gown covering her neck, two arms, a waist, and both legs. On her skull is an ankle-length white fabric heft covering her hair, both ears, and a forehead. The only exposure part of a body is her lovely face with piercing blue eyes and a bright smile while staring at Ty, only.
A deep green emerald tiara encircles the white heft. She is Maid Marian. Robin Hood, the central character in the fairy tale and is located on the float beside Joy, her Daddy. Cunning and clever, just like the true Robin Hood from the book, her Daddy displays an actual wooden bow and straight wooden arrow. I laugh, since Joy’s Daddy has planned to use it later directly on Dirk’s butthole if he dares to touch his daughter.
I note Ambassador Ty, noble of Agri dresses as another country fabled outlaw while carrying a maser rifle guarding on Joy’s left side. Dirk has been warned, not once, but twice. Joy and Ty are seriously dating since the fifth alien time line.
The second letter of the alphabet is “B,” for Bio, the medical center for sick folks. Planet Bio is not a planet, anymore, being destroyed during the first time line. Marquis Tok had replaced the dead physician noble and then built a space station for the sick and dying citizens of the unknown universe.
The other planet that starts with the letter “B” is Bonita. The Bonita float holds Lady Ann while lying horizontally in a flat lounge chair covered in prettily yellow roses. Her head piece is made of yellow roses with white baby’s breathe flowing over dark green leaves kinda looking like a funeral wreath on top of her straight brown hair. Her yellowish pale skin matches a pale yellow gown and a pair of elbow-length yellow gloves. She occasionally waves a left hand to the happy crowd. I T-scan her medical signs with Telemetabolics, since Lady Ann looks both weak and fragile. She’s dying.
I flash back mentally into the first alien time line when Lady Ann died from poison and then was buried beside the old red barn.
I flash present with the same outcome for Ann, just like the previous seven time lines. Once dead, always gone! I sigh with sadness.
The third letter of the alphabet is “C.” The letter “C” stands for Commerce. Since, there’s no smart-ass female noble of Commerce, Dirk holds this silly pageant to find a girl, who doesn’t want to marry him, ever, except for Rita.
The fourth letter of the alphabet is “D,” pondering. I sigh with intellect.
There’s not a planet named after the letter “D” as well as “F”, “G”, “H” or “I”. There’s a planet that represents the letter “I.”
Planet Ice, a dead world destroyed by a ram ship using maser bombs in the first time line done by both Rita and Dirk and known by me and Rann. The attack killed noble, Count Dov and his wife, noblette, Countess Bea. So, they ain’t here in the parade, so no female representative of the letter “I.” I sigh with wishful forgetfulness.
My water logged float suddenly shifts forward with a rough jolt when the Master of Ceremonies calls my name and noblette title to the screaming citizens and to recording Nbots. The water tanks simulated tsunamis against the glass walls splashing additional salt water on the current wet and soaked silver fabric causing more odor molecules to expand into the air waves. It stinks like dead fishes. I giggle. Fishes!? I sigh with mystery.
The floatie smells to high heavens without reaching the Game stadium, hoping none of the fishes. There I go, again with that “fishes” term. I sigh with more mystery.
I do not desire any dead or dying marine life forms inside the tanks flapping and flipping on the base of the floatie, since the dying things smell worse than the wet carpet. I sigh with hurry-up.
I join fourth into the Empress parade line when my lorry janks to the right then jukes to the left with each jiggling movement every five feet. Stop. Jolt. Splash. Hover. Fall. Stop. Jolt. Splash. Hover. Fall. Repeat. I sigh with repeat.
I’m getting sea sick, snorting with disgust then T-probe with Teleclairvoyance. I see Dirk stopping his lorry every five feet then leave the floatie to shake hands with citizens. He’s happy while I’m unhappy.
“Move it!” I yell while hoping his big Telepathy-ears hear. Stop. Jolt. Splash. Hover. Fall.
The next letter of the alphabet is “J.” There are no names of planets with the letters, “J”, “K” or “L.” But, there is “M.”
Planet Militia is the space station of General Ira and Generalette Mar, and daughter, Kia. The first, second, third, and fourth horizontal rows are composed of citizen Honor Guard units. They swing a right leg up then down and then a left leg up then down in a robot-like sequence, shouting in a-flat musical song, just like a true military corp. “Left. Left. Left. Right. Left.”
The small females are first row. The small men are second row. The tall females are third row.
The tall males are fourth row.
The warriors dress in an ironed and pressed Honor Guard uniform of blue tunics, matching blue slacks with slick diagonal line of a yellow sash. The yellow sash decorates with an assortment of colorful pins, medals, buttons, and ribbons running across a chest. Running around a fit waist is various weapons of mass destruction, such as swords, daggers, darts, knives, and masers on belts with round blue helmets cover faces, blue gloves on hands, and yellow silk scarf around a neck.  Impressive, both the guards and the weapons!
Ira must storage a nicely stocked weapon arsenal on each space station, since the Empress parade float decorates with no girly colored silky fabric, carpet, balloons, streamers or ribbons. The outer perimeter is lined with waist-high black wooden barrels, tubs, and boxes of exposed pointy sharp shiny deadly spears, knives, darts, daggers, and clubs. One tub holds a red cross on the side for First Aid medical kits. I laugh my ass off, since sour puss Ira does have a sense of wicked evil humor at Dirk.
Dirk sits inside a non-working carrier ship within the purple lorry, not smiling on a pale face while his stupid neurons translate Kia’s personal Empress theme floatie, battle or don’t touch my daughter. I sigh with good show.
Planet Resort for the letter “R” is Tia. The float covers in yellow hay and yellow sawdust particles with a wooden table in the center of the lorry. Something’s lying on the table. It moves. Cool. This float should get the grand prize for the big monster in the Empress Parade. That prize is taken already which is going to be the other monster in the parade, Dirk.
The ugly thing lay on its back muscles on the white table while flapping two arms and two legs up into the air and howls. It quickly uprights at its waist. “Ugly” is an understatement as I laugh my ass off. The float theme is outstanding as the spectators cheer and holler.
“Monster,” whispering fro my eardrums, only.
Tia represents three planets: Bio, the hospital; Uni, the school, and Resort, the entertainment world. The monster features yellow watery large eye sockets surrounded by a layer of heavy dark black circles, a translucent wrinkled creepy skin, and three deep clashes in middle of its high wide forehead, a red punk fussy hair style and a set of large red clapped lips. It stands.
The thing is nine feet tall in height. Very good! Empress-in-waiting Tia is dressed in a long black gown with a painted puke green face complete with a black wart on a long puke green nose, a bright red brim hat decorates with colorful bird feathers. She holds a wicked semi-curved weedy brown broom. Tia is a fugly ugly weird-ass witch-girl. She waves the broom in the air, commanding her man-servant to obey. The male-servant is dressed like the horror monster, Frankenstein, a very popular horror character from a fantasy book from my teen years on Earth.
Tia has the wrong costume, since this one is really belongs to Rita as I laugh my ass off.
Planet Sahara is represented by a tall elegant slender beauty named Princetta Liz. I cannot find her ugly name or a nose profile inside the mini-bot. I sigh with intrigue.
I greatly desire to ask Rann. But, he was so kind, nice, and generous offering my float theme, “Mermaid of the Sea,” and the dress, and the diamonds, and the fishes. Fishes!? I sigh with mystery.
I couldn’t bother Rann with a little piece of trivial gossip of a mysterious beautiful young woman, who lives on Sahara, whom I have never met in any of the previous six time lines. So, here, I sit in both suspense and mystery. I sigh with disappointment.
Princetta is a proper noun in the mini-bot dictionary, a sub-level to the Princess rank. The unknown universe has lots of different and weird rules, laws, and protocols, un-familiar. This is definitely one of them.
Princetta Liz is portrayed as the Egyptian historical queen from Earth history named Cleopatra. I recognize the gold crown in the shape of a cobra paired with a gold shimmering dress wrapped around a suntanned body. I scan the dress with naked eyeballs then click on my Telepathy with a T-buzz. That’s not a dress, since I wear a dress.
Liz wears a single piece of gold fabric tightly wrapped around a thin long dark suntanned body. Her ride holds a round golden dais for a thin long dark suntanned body. She stretches, cat-like on a golden altar kinda like the “real” Queen of the Nile portrayed in Earth History photos. Her float decorates in a simple hanging golden fabric surrounding on the edges of the lorry with many glass boxes containing something. Something’s inside. It’s alive.
Using Tele-sight, I see snakes and spiders. I sigh with disbelief.
Sahara snakes and spiders are housed inside the glass cages, since Liz has robbed Sahara of its only living inhabitants. I bet Rann’s upset, since he’s the noble of Sahara. I have to ask him about her. I sigh with mystery.
I greatly dislike Liz…ard, giggling. A real Lizard is a cold blooded, reptile thing that lives in the Sahara desert by itself, giggling. I sigh with jealousy.
The spectators cheer and yell as Lizard tosses object into the crowd, candy…naw…gems. Lizard is pitching little pieces of mineral stones from the mines of Sahara, typically used for jewelry on clothes and accessories.
The spectators go hog wild pulling and pushing citizens to get to the fallen jewels, consisting of diamonds, rubies, sapphires, emeralds, pearls and other semi-precious stones onto the yellow cobblestone street, beige sidewalks, and green manicured lawns of the noble mansions. I’m impressed. This female-kitty knows her stuff, hoping she marries Dirk. They seem to belong together. Creep and Lizard live, happily ever after. I sigh with meanness.
Speak of the devilette! Here comes Rita! For the representative of the letter “T”, Rita follows very far behind Princetta Liz. Rita must know her, too. I bet Rita hates her more than I do. True feline competition! I can ask Rita about the Princetta or maybe start the next War. I sigh with intrigue.
Tech World is known for all the mechanical, electrical, chemical, and state-of-the-art techno things, Bots. Robots and a handful of citizens exist on Tech World plus a witch, Rita.
The first three horizontal rows consist of cylinder floating silver trash cans lined in perfect parallel rows, marching in perfect straight formations. And each bot wears an outfit of a black sequined bow tie, a matching cylinder apron with a black sequined bonnet or hat while holding a black sequined canes. I laugh my pretty ass off, since Rita has a sense of humor. Normally, bots are not decorated with clothing or accessories. I have seen at some of the Royal balls, dances, dinners, tournament, and other special events, the robots are dressed for that special occasion. The fourth row of robots play musical instruments with the song tune entitled, “She’s Coming Round the Mountain.” The fifth row displays floating robots with paper red and white pom-poms in two mechanical limbs while chanting in d-flat, “Rita, Rita, and Rita...,” from the creative mechanic cheerleaders. Excellent.
The sixth row is citizens, real flesh and blood humans. Technicians are dressed in sliver uniforms, not singing, chanting or dancing. They walk in a straight line in quiet silence, a zombie trance.
The Tech World lorry illuminates with blinking on and off neon colors of orange, green, and red. I close eyelashes then open them. The lights are blinking with a dizzy effect is dizzy as you read the sing above Rita’s tiara: Empress Rita.
I laugh my pretty ass off until I develop a headache and tears stream down my freckles. Rita is both bold and arrogant, an elegant noblette. Empress Rita lounges in the middle of a crystal clear glass open dome with a red ruby large audacious crown on a blonde hair pulled back into a tight bun. She smiles and waves with both hands to the citizens. This site is truly spectacular. She gets my vote.
I laugh my pretty ass off since the silly Empress Parade ends strolling into the secret entrance gate of the Stadium for the Game then the Empress Ball. I sigh with almost done.
Empress Ball. bright and starry night. 66ºF. The Empress Parade rotates backwards, just joshing, ends at the red building for the start of the Empress Ball. I leave the water floatie, bumping a ride with a nice man driving an empty horse-drawn carriage. He was offering rides for money, so I generously donated a hand full of diamonds, after I ripped the front bottom of my expensive dress. I don’t think Rann will mind, anyways, I don’t see him. I bet he does not even notice me…naw…the damaged dress. I sigh with depression.
The nobles and citizens flow into the red building’s entrance way spilling from the lawn, park, sidewalks, and docking pad. The outside of the building and grounds are decorated in purple banners, purple balloons, purple streamers, purple candles, and other party favorites. Dirk’s slaves was busy this afternoon, since Dirk used his currs for this Empress Ball.
A red fabric carpet parts the usual beige-colored sidewalk into the main lobby of the red building. Each float stops at the curb and vomits a candidate onto the red carpet while an waiting Royal Honor Guard extends a hand and escorts a lovely lady into the building through the orange auditorium onto a purple stage.
The unfamiliar horse-carriage halts at the red carpet when my personal Royal Honor Guard ignores me and hurriedly rushes towards the archway for the big announcement. I thank my driver with a silence head nod then hike a gray dress to kneecaps. I leap, kitten-like landing on summer sandals with T-balance of Telekinesis.
I slowly stroll then elbow my way down an overcrowded aisle to the execution platform…naw…performance stage to be judged by Citizens of the Universe for the best floatie and the wonderful and delightful honor of becoming Empress of the Universe, wife of Dirk. I sigh with not-happening.
I plan to leave right the sentencing…naw…the announcement of the lucky girl in the universe, since I’m tracing down Rann for a real party. I sigh with yee-haw, ya’ll.
I waddle in the ankle-length gray body hugging evening gown to the third chair while noting the second chair for the letter “B” is empty. Lady Ann of Bonita has disappeared…naw…died. I sigh with sadness.
I two-step left towards the second chair, “Hi Joy.”
“Hey, Starra,” Joy smiles and greets while finger pointing at the empty chair as my eardrums hear. Buzz! Buzz!
Nbots zap foto flashes at me while swiftly swaddle with a right hand at the nosy machines. It rises like the morning sun out of my arm span with silent thrusters, very quickly. The News robots are buzzing like common house files around the rafters, the bleachers, and the candidates. I sigh with revenge.
I should make a face or pick my nose or scratch my ear or stick out my tongue, but decide better.
I cut eyelashes around the crowded auditorium and locate Rann. He sits inside the Sahara skybox with Ty but watches me. I sigh with true love.
I desire to wave a friendly hand but dare not, being an Empress-in-waiting. I’m one of the brides for Dirk with Empress-bride manners as Rann still stares and studies me. I jerk an index finger into the air doing something funny to embarrass or harass Dirk and made Rann laugh. I love to hear Rann’s laughter for the Nbots, I move the index finger to scratch my a…Honk!
The Master of Ceremonies yells over the voices, musicians, and Nbot into the overhead speakers, “Welcome to the Empress Ball.”  Pastel colored confetti rains down from the ceiling tiles by Sbots while Obots play a loud obnoxious musical fanfare. Then, the drums rolls, horns toots, and flutes tweet.
I hold in the vile sticky bile from a tight throat when white thin fog covers the dance floor for show. When it clears, Dirk magically appears in the misty air. He used the hidden door under the stage and then, jumped out like a frog man. The spectators cheer, applaud, and yell.
And Dirk stands and smiles as the spectators cheer, applaud, and yell. And Dirk smiles and stands as the spectators cheer, applaud, and yell. I sigh with repeat.
I search and view the enchanted citizens, since Dirk must have spiked the punch with Fiss.
In flash back mentally into a fifth alien time line when Dirk created a new beverage called ‘Fiss,’ an addictive chemical drug which controlled the minds of the citizens, but one. Prince Rann figured out Dirk’s plot.
I note citizens are appeared in fancy dresses, scary masks or funny outfits, having fun, not I. Some of the creative disguises and costumes reenactments of old fantasy stories. I see men wearing knickers, lace shirts, and carrying fencing foils like the characters in The Three Musketeers. I see women, men, and children dressed as brown bears for Goldilocks and the Three Bears.
I see the Agri Business Associates then blink my eyelashes closed then open. I see the Agri Business Associates, who have turned out for the Empress Ball in human form, unless they are clones. I don’t think this universe clones their citizens. I could be wrong, which might explain the vile personalities of Emperor Dirk and Viscountess Rita. They are not real, but cloned. I sigh with mystery.
Agri folks are in the same place as I. Inform the Nbots, this is real news. They never attend parties. I repeat, never! Ty is an excellent administrator of Agri as well as a noble gentleman. He cannot totally control them, either, a secret from Rann. No one can control them, only Baron Bartholomew but he’s dead, too.
I flash back mentally into a second alien time line when the ram ship of King Bartholomew hit Dirk’s ram ship over the blue sky of Sahara after I jumped out of a hovering zipper ship to save Prince Rann.
Ambassador Ty is engaged to the smartest and prettiest Business Associate, Joy. The Agri Business Associates must approve of Ty and his gentlemen manners. The Farmers are dressed in costumes and appear as a band of Robin Hood’s merry Sherwood Forest men and women. Each associate wears a brown pant tucked into a pair of brown knee boots with a green short sleeved tunic loaded with a real bow stripped across a chest and five arrows in a right shooting folded fist as I giggle with a girly twang.
No one’s going to mess with Maid Marian, tonight, since boyfriend Ty is not taking any risks with his fiancée, Joy. She is “a lucky girl” to have “a great guy” like Ty. I sigh with envy.
I don’t note any Sahara security personnel or inmate inhabitants present, since Dirk doesn’t excuse the criminals from either their work detail or recreational to attend the Empress Ball. He’s a true task master in the universe.
Honk! Honk! Some fool is dressed as a silly clown with face paint of white, a red nose, and a big yellow floppy hat with a blue flower on the top. He or she or it wears an oversized shirt and pants in color of indigo rock symbols on a white background, carrying a bus horn. The idiot honks the loud obnoxious horn. I sigh with annoyance.
Honk! Honk! The citizens cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle as the Master of Ceremonies hold up a right palm halting the celebration.
Silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then Dirk moves from the stage to three Nbots hovering in a straight line three feet from the stage. He stops in the middle of the auditorium, “Citizens of the Universe, the time has come. Shall I reveal the winner?” The citizens cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle as the silly clown blows the horn. Honk! I sign with kill.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm halting the celebration.
Silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then Dirk says, “The citizens have chosen.” Honk! Honk! Honk! The citizens cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm halting the celebration.
Silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then Dirk says. “The vote is a tie.” Silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds…no one claps, cheers, hoots, whistles or honks.
I’m stunned while Dirk smiles. Everything ain’t fine.
“A tie is impossible, our course.” Dirk just shares and smiles. “The tabulation of the votes were counted twice, once by the bots and secondly by hands for a total of 201,278 for each two winning Empress-in-waiting candidates.”
Geez, give one of the girls another point for “good behavior” or “high intelligence” or “well-manners” or the ability to walk and chew gum, at the same thing. That’ll break the stupid tie. I sigh with irritation.
Stand up and show a right hand, if ya didn’t vote in the pageant! ‘Cause, buddy, I’m going to eyeball ya then torment you bee_hind or at least a throw rotten fruit at your fugly ugly face. I voted for Rita like a good citizens, since she’s supposed to win, ya’ll.
Ya’ll know, Rita loves Dirk and Dirk loves Rita. They’re the perfect evil and vile couple of the unknown universe. I giggle with that evil thought.
“The Book states during a tie, the ‘Crown’ will instigate a ‘Royal Match’ between the top two equal but qualified females for the role of Empress of the Universe. There will be five tests administrated to the candidates based on numeral point system. The first competitor to reach 500 points wins the right to marry Emperor Dirk.” The Master of Ceremonies announces.
Wow! The red big large smelly Book has answers for everything, maybe, getting me back home through the wormhole, safely. I need to get my hands on a red Book and maybe Rann might like me read his copy on Sahara. I sigh with hope.
“The final two ladies are…,” pauses the Master of Ceremony for 1 second…2 seconds as I mentally hate this dramatic theatrical silent “dog and pony act” from silly Dirk. It makes my tummy ache and my head hurt. I sigh with pain.
“Viscountess Rita of the planet of Tech and...,” he announces as Dirk smiles, claps, and motions for Rita to join him on the floor. She stands, smiles, waves, and blows invisible wet kisses to the citizens as the citizens cheer, clap, hoot, and whistle.
Told ya’ll! I’m always right, well, sometimes, I miss. I missed the “tie” thing. The silly clown 
Blast. Honk! Honk!
“Everything’s fine,” bad breathing into my eardrums. I. Am. Not…going to marry Dirk, ever. He can pick someone else, maybe quiet Ann or the mysterious Liz. I wanna go home and sleep. Now, I gotta go to the bathroom, being nervous. Hurry up! I sigh with annoyance.
Geez, ya can hear a pin drop on the wood dance floor. I sigh with tension.
I watch with eyeballs the Master of Ceremonies as he watches with his eyeballs Dirk, who gives the “thumbs up” signal to speak along with Dirk’s single head nod. Everything ain’t fine.
“Countess Starra of the planet of Ice,” the Master of Ceremonies rushes the words then chin whips a chin while smiling directly at me. I sigh with heart attack.
“Not me…,” shouting in piccolo music from my chair while shaking gray hair into my eyelashes.
My gray eyes are wide; my hands clinch in tight folded fists. My stomach turns flip flops and my heart skips a beat or two while my mind clicks with high suspicious.
I don’t wanna marry him, swinging a sour face to Dirk. Dirk motions with a right hand in the air wiggling five finger pad to join him in the middle of auditorium space. I sigh with fury.
Good! My tummy aches; my head throbs. I think I’m about to hurl on his lavender silk robes. I sigh with sea sickness.
I gracefully jerk the skirt to both kneecaps with ten finger pads then roughly waddle down the set of high six tiers of metal bleachers while nosily stomping one-at-a-time on summer sandals. Then I plop on both sandals echoing around the quiet auditorium while pressing lips into a flat line bending at kneecaps with a T-balance to keep from falling over other faces.
I upright gritting teeth in rhythm with clicking summer sandals on a wooden floor then glance a face over a left shoulder, seeing Rann. Rann stands soldierly at the window of the Sahara skybox with two folded biceps over a naked chest, not smiling. His lips are pursed with narrowed eyelids looking at Dirk.
I neck snap a face to see Dirk. Dirk smiles with yellow teeth while chuckling with parted lips, staring eyeballs directly at Rann. Dirk has planned this, not good since something bad’s going to happen. And, it’s going to happen to me. I sigh with dread.
I got a quick thought of a legal counterman, demanding a re-count. Let me count the votes from the citizens of the universe, since I guarantee it will not be a tie. I sigh with deep worry.
I swing a sour face to my new opponent, the beautiful, tall, conniving, vamp Viscountess Rita of Tech World. She grins and giggles from glittering ruby red earring to ruby red ruby earring with her evil wicked mental thoughts…(mind read, babe)…I do not want this marriage, arrangement or match of wits. A match of muscle? A match of beauty? A match of intellect? I sigh with danger.
I. Am. Dead. That’s the only logical conclusion concerning any relationship with the evil and vile Dirk. Well, I’m going to fool him, since I plan to win this match thingy while using all my unlimited Tele-powers. I sigh with exposure.
Rita possesses one Tele-talent, a touch of healing or Telemetabolics. I have all four awesome Tele-talents, Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance. But, remember, ya’ll, Dirk wants to marry her, not me. I sigh with marriage.
I halt sandals center stage of Dirk as he grabs a left forearm man-pulling me close to a left side almost hugging me in good friendly friendship. Then, Dirk waves with a right hand and Rita waves with right hand. I refuse as the citizens clap, cheer, hoot, and whistles.
Day 152. Royal suite. T-storms. Rain. 100% precipitation. black clouds. no sun. 66ºF. morning.
I awake at six in the morning by a Wbot with food, since I stay at the castle, a requirement of the Book, in case of a “tie,” and the instigation of a match for two Empress-in-waiting candidates. 
I scream in flute music at Wbot to leave me alone and ignore the steaming hot food on a silver tray located on the side table in my Royal private suite. I cannot eat food items at six in the morning, too early for me. I sigh with sleepy time. 
I flip like a fish on my stomach while closing eyelashes, falling into a deep slumber.
Three hours later. Wbot returns poking a metal limb into the bedcover which eventually attacks my tender back muscles as I stir eyelashes open then stretch arms and legs into the air then sound like an alien princess. “Food.”
“Since, you did not eat your breakfast, when available, you will not have food until lunch,” Wbot hovers and hums at my right cheekbone while I slide lips, left and narrow eyelashes while preparing to T-zap with Telekinesis for being a bad robot. I sigh with kill shot.
“Before you attack me with unlimited measurable machine violence, Countess Starra, I have quoted the Royal Home Rules of Emperor Dirk. The second Home Rule is that you are required to be dressed for the Empress-in-waiting Match in ten minutes.” Wbot hovers and hums.
“Stang,” yelling at Wbot while cuddling with the warm bed sheets.
“Countess Starra, do not know what that term means?” Wbot hovers and hums with two silver teacups staring at me.
“Yes, it means double stang,” shouting for both fun and frustration.
“Countess Starra, please, get dressed in your former attire,” Wbot hums then flies ass-backwards toward the door’s archway as I drop a mouth like a hungry shark with that weirdo physics move by all the robots.
Then I cut eyelashes and burn red balls of invisible fire into gray gown. It doesn’t explode into fire since my x-ray vision ain’t real, only my Tele-powers. I eye roll pupils into a hairline then flip off the bedcover while exposing my nakedness. I sleep in the nude then pad towards the open closet, staring at the gray gown. I wore it yesterday, and the day before years, that’s two days in a row. I have to wear the same old frock for a third time. I don’t get a new gown for the Royal Match. I sigh with stinkyness.
I always get new clothes for attending each and every Royal social function and also get food, even when I’m not hungry, laughing my pretty ass off. King Ding Dong Dirk runs an economical Royal castle with numerous mean and nasty bots. When I get my chance to be “Empress of the Universe” then I will woot that Wbot be disassembled and deactivated, foreverly. I sigh with fury.
auditorium. Noontime. I slow mo snail-walk between four Royal Honor Guards from my personal entrance into an overcrowded auditorium, without escaping and running like a chicken shit to Rann. I bet the Book has Royal Punishment Protocol for an absent Empress-in-waiting candidate, who ditches the Royal Match and go on a fun date with the only Prince in the Universe, ya’ll. I sigh with entrapment.
Maybe, I can use this spectacular social Royal event to my advantage. If there’s a chance of getting Dirk on my good side, this is it. I do give a shit about win the wedding competition to be the Royal-Bride of Frankenstein. I really don’t want to marry Dirk, nor have his children while quickly sanitizing brain cells after thinking those gross sick mental thoughts.
Inside the auditorium, the seats are packed like a tight slimy stinky sardine can with rows and rows of brightly colorful dressed citizens. My Royal Honor Guards walk me to one of the two newly structured red-tinted metal islands in the middle of the auditorium floor. Then, the four guards halt while I waddle in the body hugging gown towards the island then the four turn in unison in the opposite direction and park their booted feet against the empty spot on the wall. I sign with interest.
A tiny island kitchen completes with a sink, a baking oven, lots of cooking utensils, four cooking pans, and food items, lunch. I’m starving as the Master of Ceremonies flaps a right hand up and down signaling me to sit in the lonely red high stool next to the island.
I sit while noting that Rita quietly sits inside her own red metal kitchen island on the opposite side of me with a math measurement of twenty feet, not enough room for feline fist fighting. I just stare and snigger at her. I sigh with mystery.
“Welcome Citizens of the Universe. I have the pleasure of announcing the first Royal Match of the Empress-in-waiting competitors. His Royal Highness Emperor Dirk enjoys riding horses, quiet walks in the countryside, and reading poetry,” the Master of Ceremonies echoes the words off the four walls and one ceiling rafter.
Dirk also enjoys killing people, you left out that very important and useful kingly trait, Mr. Master of Ceremonies as I snort like wild-ass boar, smiling and waving with a right hand at the hollering and hooting citizens.
“But, he also enjoys eating, like the rest of us,” the Master of Ceremonies chuckles along with every happy face of the citizens. He continues, “Therefore, his new wife, who will be Empress of the Universe, is required to cook. The first Royal Match is to prepare and cook a strawberry pie. The first candidate to complete a cooked pie wins this task, which is worth 100 points.”
Cooking is the first Royal Match. I’m required to cook. I don’t know how to cook. I never cooked a single recipe in my life. Since living here, bots do the food collecting, the food preparation, the food cooking, the food disposing, and the food stealing for me. Or I’d starve, which I have done before, giggling with silly twang. I flash back mentally on Planet Earth when I lived on Starbuck Plantation, kitchen robots prepared my meals, not I.
I swing a sour face at Rita. She has tied a pretty red apron around a yellow gown. The gown has delicate yellow lace and four silky bows wrapped around her neck collar and waist. I sigh with envy.
I wear a dull boring gray hot long-sleeved turtle neck blouse and a matching ankle-length skirt, making me ugly and heated. I wanna a new dress. I sigh with party pity.
“Began the first Royal Match, Empress-in-waiting candidates,” the Master of Ceremonies echoes off the four walls.
I turn to cheat on Rita’s cooking test while she pours powdery white substance into a mixing bowl. Flour is used for baking a pie, while my eardrums hear music. Rita’s both happy and singing. She can cook and sing at the same time. I sigh with jealousy.
I scan with eyeballs the food ingredients on top of the island top, two cups of strawberries. I reach and grab a strawberry eating it whole with chomping lips and tongue. Gone! I hunger, since stress makes me hungrier. But, so does death. I survey the duckling line of cooking items on the countertop, a cup of sugar, a salt shaker, a pound of white flour, four eggs, a bottle of vanilla, a tub of butter, and a cup of water. A brand new shiny silver-slick nine-inch pie pan empty, of course a measuring pretty clear cup with little tiny math numbers, and various kitchen cooking utensils.
I steal a nasty look at Rita as she sings louder and pours more white mixture into a pie pan.  I have a feeling that I’m not going to win the very first Royal Match, without my Tele-powers. My Tele-powers can do some things, not cook. That’s a human physical thingy. I sigh with nonsense.
I’m truly on my own while jerking a face skimming with eyeballs the citizens. Each citizen holds parted lips in silent while staring eyeballs at me. I grab with a right cooking hand the mixing bowl then pour a cup of water then cracked all four eggs with ten finger pads into the bowl. I mix the contents with the spoon, almost puking. This is gross, smelly.
I survey with neurons the food items then add the entire bottle of vanilla plus half the tub of butter while whipping and beating the yellow batter with a wooden spoon. This is smells nice to my inflamed nose holes.
I beat the spoon around and around and around the hard bowl, hard work. No wonder, I don’t cook. This is harder than trying to kill Dirk, snorting like a wild-ass boar. I amuse my selfie, giggling with a silly twang.
I measure one cup of flour and then stir it into the mixing bowl. My subsistence is thick, white, and smells nice after adding the whole bottle of vanilla abstract. I steal a nasty look at Rita. She places the fruit on top of her batter mixture and then enters the round pan pie inside the baking oven.
I’m almost there. I think. I pour the whipped yellow contents into the pie pan and then dump a cup of the strawberries in the yellow liquid. I place it inside the baking oven. Oops! I forgot to turn the power switch to “on” for the baking oven to heat.  I flip the switch, watching and waiting for the heating element to turn from black to bright red in color.
I watch and wait and then watch and wait, some more. The heating element device is slower than a plantation snail. I sigh with anticipation.
Ding! The oven is ready, clapping two hands, together while snorting like a wild-ass boar. I. Am. Good. I place the pie pan on a hot rack then dust the white sticky floor from hands. I sigh with accomplishment.
My first cooking achievement, please comfone the Nbots, since this is a Starra historical event. I can cook, sitting down in the high stool while smiling and waving a right hand at the competitor, Rita. I’m not going to win the first Royal Match and don’t really give a shit. I’m being a good sport for just attempting to bake a strawberry pie.
Ding! The tiny invisible bell on Rita’s oven chimes in a-sharp. She opens the oven door and pulls out, a masterpiece of cuisine. Her dessert is a beautiful golden covered steaming crust with red glaze bursting from the little holes of the hot pie. The sweet aroma bombards the air waves with cinnamon flavors, good smelling delicious. My empty stomach growls while my lips water like a drooling baby. I hunger, grabbing the last strawberry in the cup. I sigh with surprise.
The Master of Ceremonies echoes, “Time has expired.”
I’m finished too while scooting in high heels to the baking oven. I T-drop the oven’s lid down to the floor then pull kitchen mitts over hands, grabbing a hot pie pan. I slam it onto the kitchen countertop. Done!
The oven is hot along with the baking pie pan, so the dessert is hot, but looks funny. In the middle of the pie, the red strawberries are bubbling on top of a whitish-black with gold streaks batter like an active volcano beginning to spew red magna into the air. The outer crusted sides are black, flaky, and falling onto the newly constructed metal red cabinet. I sigh with confusion.
Maybe, it tastes better then it looks. Sometimes cooking dishes are like that, ugly but good tasting. I note one other item the pie smells, funny, too. I sit down in the chair folding gray sleeves over breasts while acute eyeballs observe Rita and matching her gorgeous pie. I sigh with jealousy.
Dirk smugly struts like a farm turkey from a throne chair then pads down a purple stage to an orange floor while snaking to Rita’s kitchen workstation, first. I don’t give a shit, since I don’t wanna win and marry him. I stare with eyeballs at the two monsters.
Rita swiftly stands on heels with hands behind a gown while giggling and fidgeting like a teenager in love. I sigh with sea sickness.
“Lovely, Viscountess Rita,” Dirk sings and smile in tenor saxophone while eyelids observe a golden brown with red peek-a-boo strawberries on the top of the good smelling pie.
The Master of Ceremonies slices a huge piece of pie onto a purple plate and then hands it to Dirk. Dirk places a fork size piece in a stinky mouth with yellowed stained teeth. He chews and chews on a single bite of pie then swallows and smiles at Rita.
“Excellent, Viscountess Rita,” Dirk praises her good cooking skills, giving the plate to the Master of Ceremonies and then turns a body to face me.
Dirk smiles and struts then reaches my island. He stares and smiles at the messy baked pastry that I have prepared, cooked, and destroyed. I sigh with nervousness.
This is a stupid game with me as a stupid pawn. I don’t wanna win. I wanna to lose. So, I don’t have to marry Dirk. I sigh with loser.
“What is this?” Dirk asks and finger points at a bubbling goo of colored black, red, and brown thingy pie.
“A pie...Your Highness,” giggling like an innocent school girl, since I can play the same innocent game, Rita. Take that, girl best!
The Master of Ceremonies attempts to slice a sliver of the running pie onto the official Royal purple plate. He replaces a knife with a spoon and then gingerly tosses two bubbling hot steamy red strawberries and a tablespoon of white boiling batter, mixing the contents, together on the plate as I smile then giggle then smile then giggle. He bravely hands the plate to Dirk.
I cannot cook admitting it. Now, let’s end my humiliation and get this Royal event, contest, match or thing over. I’m more interested in sunning and flirting with Rann at his swimming pool on Sahara. I sigh with true love.
Dirk lifts a spoon to a nose smelling the black burnt contents then sticks a tip of his pink tongue tasting the red gooey pie. He’s brave, because I won’t do that. Dirk’s face contorts and his tallness shimmers with disgust. That bad! I sigh with disappointment.
Since, Dirk ain’t dead, because my cooking should’ve killed him. Saving me the trouble, tomorrow! I sigh with murder.
Dirk lowers the gooey pie from a face while handing off the plate to the Master of Ceremonies. He encourages, “Don’t worry, Countess Starra! You have talents other than cooking that works for you.” Yeah, babe, I do. But, I’m not tattle my other Tele-talents to ya, boy. I sigh with delight.
I smile with secret, “Thanks, Dirk.”
Dirk jerks a face and head nods at the Master of Ceremonies then swing a body while returning to the stage. The Master of Ceremonies moves to stand between the red metal kitchen islands, holding a microphone to lips then echoes the words off the four walls, “A Royal decision has been reached by Emperor Dirk. Viscountess Rita is the winning of the first round of the Royal Match. She is awarded one hundred points.” Rita bounces on heels while her gown sways side to side as the citizens clap, cheer, hoot, and whistle. I sigh with happiness.
Day 153. auditorium. sunny skies. partly cloudy. 81ºF. afternoon. The auditorium is more crowded and more stinky with bad B.O. than yesterday for the second Royal Match between Rita and me. There is no additional seating for one more citizen, so the citizen watches the second Royal Match from the comfort of a soft sofa inside a home via the Nbots or news robots.
The little trash cans buzz around me while my four Royal Honor Guards swat with eight hands at the metal pests. Annoying little ghosts!
I sit like a trained Woof puppy in a red padded high chair while Rita occupies a second chair. Dirk perches like a parrot on a gold throne chair on stage surrounded by eight Royal Honor Guards. Some one really wants to kill him. I sigh with kill.
“Began,” Dirk shouts a short and sweet fanfare via the Nbots without waving a hand.
The Master of Ceremonies echoes words off the four walls, “Welcome Citizens of the Universe! The second Royal match for the Empress-in-waiting competitors will test her calm composure of an Empress. The rule is very clear. One candidate will volunteer and be allowed to select her choice of answering a difficult riddle, worth two hundreds points or the alternative.”
The new match rule did not make any sense to me. I don’t wanna to win. I wanna to lose. I want Rita to win. And I don’t care which “alternative” I get as long as it ain’t death. Then, I’ll be very, very happy, snorting like a wild-ass boar. I sigh with mystery.
Rita quickly stands after the man’s statement. I guess she wants to go first. Go for it honey! I’ll sit back into the padded chair, while watch and wait patiently for my turn.
The Master of Ceremonies shifts boot toes towards a standing and smiling Rita, “Thank you for volunteering Viscountess Rita of the planet of Tech! Which option would you like to select, the riddle or the alternative?” He shoves the microphone into her face.
She smiles in silence while nervously pressing a new red ankle-length former ball silk gown with two hands. I’m nervous, also. Pick something, dear. I should’ve volunteered, first, because I be swifter, darling. I’d choose the easy one, the riddle, giggling with a girly twang.
“I will choose the alternative,” Rita softly desires. Good. I get the riddle. Wishes do come true!
I’m a little more excited than I realize. Everything ain’t fine.
The Royal Honor Guard sneaks upon a left shoulder then taps, touches, and tumbles me into his bulky chest as I sound like a wussie, “Ouch!” He and I quickly dance back stepping with his biceps wrapped around my chest then we violently smash the wall with fast muscle reflexes.
I’m going to hurt this man, really bad. Then, I’ll get my two hundred points for that girly action for answering the stupid riddle. I woman-pull from his chest then stand soldierly with sleeves folded over breasts, dog sneering at him. The other three Royal Honor Guards block my eyeballs with Rita’s performance of dancing? Singing? Stripping?
My eardrums hear hissing, spitting, growling, and roaring and then smell It. I immediately recognize that stench, the reek of a familiar beast. I peek-a-book eyelashes between the first and second Guard’s biceps while seeing. Kongo!?
The animal leaps, T-rex five feet into the air and lands in the middle of the auditorium floor. Now, I understand my Guard’s good intention, not blocking me but guarding my precious hind from a nasty noisy deadly creature. Kongo is mad, hungry, and miffed. I sigh with danger.
Rita calmly strolls her ass from the high stool into the middle of the floor, standing princessly ten feet from the snorting and steaming Kongo. I’m impressed with her cool, calm composure. She wins while I concede. Honor guard, please led the animal back into the wild jungle and wildly freedom. A Kongo is illegal to own, breed, ship, and fight. I sigh with confusion.
I flash back mentally when a Kongo encountered me in a death fight prompted by Prince Rann on Planet Sahara to win the life of Baron Bartholomew.
Rita just stands and stands in a flowing lavender gown as a drooling and growling Kongo charges her as the citizens nosily gasp and then my and her Royal Honor Guards nosily gasp. Then, I nosily gasp while Dirk doesn’t react but simply smiles and stares at the sick exhibition on an ugly face. I sigh with puzzlement.
If Rita dies from a Kongo kill then I win the Empress thingy, so Dirk plans to rid the universe of Rita, his true love. I sigh with intrigue.
Rita suddenly draws a maser with a right shooting hand from a hidden side pocket of her dress firing three red shots into Its’ heart organ. Kongo falls hardy onto the floor spurting red blood into the air, onto the floor, the walls, and on Rita. Kongo doesn’t move and Rita doesn’t move. Dirk doesn’t move and I don’t move.
The Master of Ceremonies swiftly trots to the fallen animal, “Kongo is dead.” He shouts as the citizens clap, cheer, hoot, and whistle. The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm halting the celebration. “Viscountess Rita of the planet of Tech is awarded two hundred points.”
I jerk the middle Royal Honor Guard into the third Guard with a T-slam using Telekinesis out of my way then swiftly storm onto the floor, shouting with fighting fury in fluttering flute, That’s not fair.”
The Master of Ceremonies chin whips a face to me, quickly addressing my comment. “You cannot complain about the awarding system. You did not volunteer to choose the selection.”
I twist lips, right up into a nostril and dog snarl in his angry face and kick in, “I’m not complaining about the stupid points, moron.” I swing a sour face to a smiling Dirk while shouting with a touch of Telepathy for all eardrums and neurons to hear in piccolo music, “I’m objecting to Rita killing an innocent animal, Dirk.”
And Rita happens to possess a maser tucked inside her elegant lavender gown, since my female intuition is tattling that someone’s being prepped for each Royal Match. I don’t wanna to win, but the Kongo is a life form. He has the right to live to see, another day. I’m going to get you for this, Dirk. I sigh with revenge.
Dirk slo mo stands on boot toes while pressing girly lavender bathrobes to a chest, “There are no rules in this contest, Countess Starra, only points,” He pauses and smiles, “Since, Rita has selected the alternative then you are left with the riddle. If answered correctly then you will be awarded two hundred points, as well, noblette,” he finishes then re-seats down in the throne chair.
“Yeah, whatever!” I rebel yelling in frustration and angry and challenge any citizen to react to his comment or my comment. I sigh with murder. 
I vigorously swing a body pacing like a trotting horse back to the stool and plop onto the padded seat. I’m too upset with the killing of an innocent half-beaten animal to care about losing the stupid points in this stupid contest with the stupid king.
The Master of Ceremonies slowly walks to me holding the microphone in a right hand with a note card in the left, “Are you ready for the riddle, Countess Starra?”
“Shoot!” I say without thinking as the citizens giggle and snicker along with the Master of Ceremonies. I react. “Excuse the pun.” The citizens giggle and snicker, again.
The Master of Ceremonies holds the microphone to lips, “The one who sees it does not want it. The one who makes it does not use it. The one who uses it does not know it. What is the answer of the riddle for two hundred points, Countess Starra?” I sigh with fury.
I should’ve seen the Kongo’s fate, since I could’ve saved the animal’s life using my Tele-powers. I flash back mentally in the first time line when I fought a Kongo then defeated It and saved her life.
I’m too emotional, too involved in his game. I have got to distance my selfie from Dirk, since I’m living inside the Royal palace with both Rita and Dirk. I sigh with emotions.
But, I don’t have employment, currs, food or clothes. I wear the stupid gray gown for four days in a row. I sigh with oldness.
“Your time has expired,” the Master of Ceremonies echoes the words off the four walls. I sigh with shock.
Geez, I missed the riddle. I sigh with frustration.
“What is your answer?” He just stares and shares with me, since I don’t know.
I don’t have an answer to an unheard question. My mind wanders elsewhere occupied in another part of outer space, while my eyeballs stare at the citizens within the bleachers. They stare at me.
I’m losing my mind. I do not know what to say. I clear a dry tight throat, “Pie.” The citizens coo.
“You are incorrect. The answer is coffin.” The Master of Ceremonies preaches as the citizens moan.
Missed that one! I glance a face over a left shoulder to Dirk. He ain’t smile but Rita is drooling with mouth spit over red-painted lips. I sigh with contentment.
“Countess Starra receives zero points,” the Master of Ceremonies announces. “Thus far, in the Empress-in-waiting Royal Match, Viscountess Rita of the planet of Tech has received 300 points while her opponent Countess Starra of the planet of Ice has received zero points. Thank you ladies and gentlemen for attending the second Royal Match.”
Day 154. auditorium. afternoon. Same time. Same place. Same citizens. Same opponent. Same Emperor. Same Master of Ceremonies. Same gray dress. Same Royal Match. Different test. I sigh with sameness.
I sit in a chair opposite the other female, who, by the way, wears a beautiful blue ball gown in the middle of the auditorium waiting for her turn to answer the question developed by Dirk.
I’m going to lose, be humiliated, and get really mad. I sigh with defeat.
I stare eyelashes at the floor with black heel marks near sandaled feet. I sigh with intrigue.
“You both will be asked the same question, take your time answering. Emperor Dirk will judge the winning reply for this round and award one hundred points to the Empress-in-waiting winner. Viscountess Rita will be asked the question, first, since she is leading the match by three hundreds points,” the Master of Ceremonies echoes the words off the walls.
I’m losing the Royal match. I don’t give a shit but its humiliating not to have one shitty point and wearing the same shitty gray gown to the Empress competition for the third day in a row. I sigh with party pity.
I guess Dirk wants me to lose, that’s my punishment for being a she-ass. That’s asshole for a girl, giggling with girly twang then set my lips flat line like death.
Well, its working, very well, since I feel bad, sad, dumb, and stupid. I sigh with mortification.
Dirk will judge my answer all by his little selfie. So, I’m definitely going to lose the third Royal Match, losing by four hundreds points to zero point zero. I sigh with complete defeat.
“What would you do as Empress of the Universe with the pesky pirates?” The Master of Ceremonies asks a really good question for the Empress of the Universe. I ponder my answer as silence lingers in the air for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds…then the Master of Ceremonies quietly asked, “Viscountess Rita, may I have your response to the question?”
Rita swiftly slides her ass off the stool and quickly jerks both arms and folded fists into the air. “Kill them! Slaughter them! Show no mercy!” She shouts at the top of her lungs filling the auditorium with an alto clarinet music then screeches like a red-tailed hawk. I stun and stare at Rita as the mob of blood thirsty citizens wildly react with crazy animal noises of yelling, hooting, hand clapping, boot stamping, and bell whistling.
I can’t see Dirk’s pale face since I sit in front of him. But Dirk smiles with happiness. I sigh with disgust.
The Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm halting the celebration but can’t then animal screams into a microphone, “Countess Starra,” hears the citizen yells then animal screams into a microphone, “Countess Starra,” hears the yelling then hollers, “What is your answer to the posed question?” The citizens swiftly silence for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds…then I slowly stand from the stool. I got this one!
I gather my isolated and calm mental thoughts, being a little nervous and a lot overconfident. My hands sweat and my brain numbs. My heart pounds and legs shake. I have an answer to this question, clearing a dry tight throat.
“I would like to see with all my generous heart along with a kind compassionate soul…,” pausing for beauty while smiling with good teeth among the silence and shout in fluttering flute, “….peace…,” swaying side to side in four-inched summer sandals like an alien princess as silence lingers in the air waves for 1 second…2 seconds…then I repeat with a bright smile with piccolo music, “Peace with the pirates!” The mod of blood thirsty citizens boo, hiss, spit, and yell unkind nasty vile words. I sigh with danger.
Hey, it’s a good answer, not being a violent person. I flash back mentally in the third alien time line when I negotiated peace with the pirates on asteroid Resort then Lord Dirk set me up to fail.
The mob of blood thirty citizens continue to yell unkind nasty vile words at me while I stand and take it like a wimpy wet birdie.
I’m a kind person, feeling both hurt and defeated. I swing a sour face at Rann in his skybox. He stands soldierly while outlining a maser with five finger pads watching the angry crowd. I feel better since Rann’s going to protect me liking me a lot in the eighth time line. I sigh with safety.
Dirk swiftly stands and shockingly shouts, “Silence.” The citizens stop booing then he offers with a wicked smirk, “I applaud Countess Starra for her honest heartfelt diplomatic answer. It is truly the most compassionate response to a very difficult problem.” He pauses then continues. “However, I plan to implement Viscountess Rita’s idea, immediately. I award Rita the one hundred points for this Royal Match.” The mob of blood thirsty citizens react, again with yelling, cheering, hooting, hand clapping, boot stamping, and bell whistling, not exiting the building.
Dirk doesn’t exit the building or Rita, but I leave the building. I sigh with doom.
Day 155. Militia space station. flight deck. cold dark outer space. minus 1000ºF. morning. “Don’t worry! You’re doing a fine job,” Rann just stares and smiles at me patting my right forearm for both love and protection.
“I’m doing a fine job of losing. Ya mean, darling,” winking an eyelash, right at Rann while he chuckles and.
He repeats, “Of losing!?”
I smile, “I’ll lose. So, I should quit and save myself the embarrassment of total defeat and humiliation of receiving zero points in a simply game of wits,” tapping the fuel guage under the zipper’s engine hood for any malfunctioning belts as Rann pings the rubber belt for a second time standing right next to my right cheekbone covered in brown oil and black grease. Rann is helping me triple-check the mechanics of my assigned new zipper ship for the next Empress Royal Match.
Rann laughs, “I enjoy your playful banter, Starra.”
“Yeah, ban…ter..,” stretching the letters for fun and frustration then wipe more oil from my palms the cloth.
“I have something to cheer your spirits, Starra,” Rann pulls an object from an interior hidden vest pocket, since his sleeveless and shirtless white vest only shows rippled and bulky biceps while I smile at him and his biceps.
I work inside the landing bay inspecting my ship when Rann just happen to be there, also, inspecting one of his new state-of-the-art newly designed zipper for his personal enjoyment. I sigh with true love.
I wanna go for a ride in his new toy. But, I’m an Empress-in-waiting #2, so no citizen can touch me, without a death sentence on a head whack via the Book. I sigh with great disappointment.
Dirk found kindness within his cold black heart to inform the Empress-in-waiting candidates that the next match is a Race using speedy zippers, ordering flying lessons for his girl, Rita. My kitty-cat haunches are correct about Dirk, since Dirk wants Rita to marry him. I sigh with knowledge.
The task of inspecting a zipper takes ten seconds viewing the gears, screws, bolts, and hydraulics. The mechanics are functioning, properly, ensuring the space craft has not been tampered with maser bombs or boom explosives. Rann must have had the same idea, that’s why he’s here. I sigh with true love.
I don’t feel like talking about the past, present or future Royal Matches of the Empress-in-waiting game, being tired of his game. Dirk can have Rita because I wanna be with Rann. I sigh with true love.
“I have a gift for you,” Rann smiles handing off a tiny golden-tinted rectangular box tied with a single golden satin ribbon while I grab and open the precious gift. I love presents from Rann.
I unwrapped the present, quickly seeing my beautiful and deadly gift, smiling…naw…smirking.
The gift is a silver dagger, giggling and smiling at Rann with delightfully murder, “Thank you, so much, I’ll cherish it forever.” Rann neck snap a face while scanning narrowed eyelids around a busy hanger bay with brown eyes, before stepping boot toes closer to my freckles. I sigh with intrigue.
He whispers into my left eardrum, “I prefer for you to wear it, forever. Rita does not fight fair. You will need all the advantages that you can get, Starra.” I have figured that out, being a little girly paranoid. My kitty-cat haunches are correct about Rita and Rann. I love this man, wishing I wasn’t an Empress-in-waiting instead waiting for Rann to propose to me. I sign with true love.
I pout lips, cute-like while studying the diamonds on the hilt then jerk a smile at Rann, “Wear it. Am I allowed?” Rann gentlemanly touches a left forearm then finger points at a gray leather thigh-boot, smiling.
“Why not? Your boot’s designed for such an instrument of destruction.” Rann chuckles like a farm rooster when I crinkle a button nose, cute-look then smile at him.
“How would you know that?” I know that answer but love to tease Rann.
This morning, I awoke with Wbot serving me breakfast in bed and presented me with a box wrapped in pink paper with a pink bow. There wasn’t a paper note or an electronic message taped onto the box. And, the color wasn’t a noble theme. Therefore, I didn’t know who the cute gift present was from. I sighed with fun.
When I opened the gift, I saw a gray two piece outfit, a gray top sprinkled with diamonds on the V-shaped collar, and a circular matching gray skirt along with a pair of leather thigh-high boots, all my petiteness. I sighed with pretty.
Rann sent me these lovely sweet items, since I did know. But, I couldn’t acknowledge the precious gifts in eye view public, without him being recognized by meanie Dirk. I sighed with secret.
Rann almost kisses his parted lips on a right cheekbone but doesn’t, whispering, “I had them personal designed for you, but that’s our little secret, sweetheart,” calling me a cute endearment then chuckles like a farm rooster into my face.
“Thank you,” whispering back with a sweet shy smile then he uprights a torso from my heated petiteness.
I inspected the gift, a tiny dagger fits small palms and sparkles with embedded jeweled diamonds in the hilt and very sharp to a finger touch. A fine instrument of destruction, hoping beyond hope, I will not need to use it, even in defending me against Rita or Dirk. I slip the dagger into a secret hidden pouch of a right thigh-high boot. A perfect fit. I sigh with confidence.
Rann grabs the wrench playing with the tool, commenting, “I was tired to seeing you in the same dull attire.” I cut eyelashes while grabbing a screw driver for show while twirling between dirty finger pads and.
I ask. “How did you know my size?” I flirt for fun.
“Dirk ordered your gown. I had the measurements. Ty owns the Agri which manufacture clothes and shoes. Ty is a close personal friend of mine.” Rann explains.
“I forgot. Ty does. How silly of me?” I snort and sound like a mooing and cooing a baby to Rann. I sigh with true love.
Rann cares about me in the eighth time line, watching out for my health and my heart. “Thank you for my weapon, but I have a better solution to my current dilemma,” proclaiming in a flute.
Rann snaps a face to me with pursed lips, ugly, “What’s your solution, Starra?”
“I quit,” tattling and giggling as Rann two-steps into my left cheekbone.
“What did you say?” Rann seriously shares and stares at me.
“I’m going to quit before the next Royal Match. Rita can win by default and become Empress of the Universe.” I laugh my pretty ass off then confess, “I never ever interest in Dirk for any dang reason.” Rann just stares at me, making me really heated and nervous.
And he finally parts his lips slightly then whispers, “Starra, you cannot act upon your statement.”
I giggle with silliness viewing his distorted face, “Why not, Rann? I’m losing by four hundred points. Anyways, I’m so very tired of playing the Emperor’s mind games,” mocking then giggling.
“The Book states that a competitor cannot quit the Empress competition. You’ll be labeled a traitor and hang in the gallows until death by Dirk, Starra.” Rann stares at me with deep worried concern.
I nosily snort then cuss, “Stang!” I cannot get out of the Royal Match, so Dirk is setting me up to do something. I sigh with something. 
“Promise me….(pauses)…You will not quit. You will participate in all the Royal Matches. I don’t want any harm to come to you, Starra,” Rann gently suggests while gentlemanly touches my right forearm with his ten finger pads.
“I promise. I will,” wording truthfully.
Day 156. Militia. hanger deck. cold dark outer space. minus 1000ºF. morning. The fourth Royal Match has the Empress-in-waiting candidate flying a modified zipper ship in an outer space obstacle course, my kind of match…naw…race…naw…death race. Just kidding! Been there, done that! I feel good, excited and victorious. I sigh with victory.
I flash back mentally into the first alien time line when I raced Prince Rann to the Wall and back to Sahara castle in a Death Race. I won.
I’m on space station Militia standing beside my assigned zipper, wearing my new gray top and skirt with a hidden bejeweled dagger from Rann inside a right boot, looking cute. I sigh with beauty.
Nbots circle the metal ceiling of the landing bay, since citizens aren’t allowed on the Military Space Port because it is owned by Ira. Ira rules, not even the pilots, and the nobles are present, making Rann pose outside inside cold black outer space inside his own ram ship with his buddy Ty and Joy. I sigh with anticipation.
I’m excited, nervous, happy, and pumped with energy emotional, mental, and metaphysical. I’m ready. Start this Royal Match.
The Master of Ceremonies echoes the words into outer space, “Citizens of the Universe, welcome to the fourth Royal Match of the Empress-in-waiting competition. Emperor Dirk is a brave man and his Empress should exhibit the qualities, courage, spunk, and boldness.” I painfully bit the lower lip of my mouth with three teeth from roaring with my rude tigress laughter, since Nbots monitor every cute muscle on a face. I sigh with silence.
“The obstacle course begins, here on the space station of Militia, which is located on the other side of the Wall inside the second solar sun system. The Empress-pilots will shoot into outer space traveling through the Wall to the planet of Agri and pick up a very special piece of cargo. These zippers are specially designed star ships installed on a bottom panel of the ship with a cargo hold for a crate. The Empress-pilot is required to air drop the empty crate onto the planet of Agri.
“On Agri, one Business Associate will load the crate with a delicate fragile package, a box holding twenty bottles of white champagne. If the air speed, gravity well, altitude, and magnetic pull is not in the correct vector, the box will land with a thump, breaking all the bottles of expensive white grapes. If this is not enough stress for a future Empress, the last obstacle course is to drive the zipper back through the Wall for a second run, encircling asteroid Resort for an air drop. Then, Empress-pilot returns to the Militia space station with an empty cargo hold to complete the obstacle course and finish the fourth Royal Match. If you have not broken your special package of champagne, then you can celebrate with your family and friends, tonight with your victory win of the obstacle course. And, finally, the Empress-pilot will collect three hundred points,” the Master of Ceremonies smiles along with me and Dirk. 
I swing a smiling face to a sour puss Rita. This isn’t the most difficult of tests, but the Wall isn’t like baking a pie. If you don’t get through the natural barrier swiftly, it will eat you for lunch.  Rita knows all, too well. She has lived in the universe her whole entire life. Her husband Viscount Lad died racing Prince Rann to the Wall, during one of Rann’s post-Game victory dinner parties, reading that datum inside my mini-bot.
“Ladies, man your cockpits!” The Master of Ceremonies instructs as I priss up the ramp in my new outfit with matching boots to the pilot seat, smiling.
Using all T-powers of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance, I T-scan from aft to steer then port to bow while inspecting with eyeballs, eardrums, and taste buddies at the specially designed and modified zipper. I don’t wanna hear, see, taste or feel any shocking surprises. Traveling at 900 miles-per-hour in a star ship, a tiny zipper does not allow for quick change safety adjustments for an accidental mechanical or purposeful sabotaged failed engine in an enclosed oxygen-need-to-breathe cockpit. I sigh with duty.
The zipper’s clean, not feeling any malfunctions or malaises using Telepathy while lady bug crawling with manicured finger nails and boot toes into the leather single seat that fits just right. I wiggle the head-set over hair roots and cover earlobes. I sigh with safety.
I hear via comfone between my eardrums, “Ladies, start your afterburners!” The Master of Ceremonies instructs.
I press the ignition presses as red and yellow heat flumes fume from the rear back three engine of the my ship. Afterburners, check! I feel the heated warmth of the engines cushioned inside the metal casing against my back. The hatch automatically shuts, being a safety precaution to keep the pilots unharmed and alert, when engines are engaged. I sigh with excitement.
I hear via comfone between my eardrums, “Noblettes! Ready! Set! Go!” The Master of Ceremonies shouts.
I jerk the hand joystick forward when the zipper leaps, T-rex into the cold reaches of dark outer space within three seconds from cold crème colored concrete platform of Militia, becoming a tiny dot on my comlen. I sigh with victory.
I’m going to win this Match, not embarrassed by Rita for the first time. By the count of ten seconds, I see the Wall within eyeballs, a very lovely site. The natural space rock formation in the middle of outer space dividing the universe is known, the Wall. It consists of constantly drifting rocks, asteroids, ice crystals, and space debris collecting in groups and then attaches to the outer structure, making the phenomenon higher and wider than some of the planets in this universe. This is the still the strangest type of physics that I’ve ever seen in theory.
But, it’s certainly fun to fly through, T-spotting with Telekinesis a tea tiny opening in four more seconds will be a big gigantic hole, perfect for a pair, zipper and me to fly through safety. I dangerously accelerate to 900 miles-per-hour then see it, visually. I sense with Telepathy, go.
I hit the rock semi-circle with the ship. Bang! Zing! Ding! Ting! The outer metal shell scrapes like kitty-claws on a school’s black board on the space rock. The visual damage is minimal for flying. The sound is terrifying if you aren’t accustomed to flying star ships in the cold black outer space. I sigh with triumph.
Such fun, I clear the Wall, guiding the zipper to a marked drop zone on my comlen. I enter the Agri orbit descending to the red clay dirt as two Business Associates flag me with a green fabric colored flag towards the drop point. I hover over the target then press a release button for the empty crate to exit my space craft. It hits the soil in a swirl of dry tornado dust.
Using Teleclairvoyance, I T-track Rita inside cold black outer space while patiently waiting on the man-made and time-controlled hole opening within the Wall. There’s a vertical rectangular box within the Wall which shifts every fifty minutes to a different location embedded in the center of the Wall. The purpose is used for transporting star ships with goodies and citizens to and from the two solar sun systems safety, without incident or damage to the star ships or citizens. Let her wait, I’ll be back at Militia, before that window peeks one-inch diameter crack.
“Good luck, Rita,” whispering for my eardrums, only while the Business Associates carefully load a black case containing twenty bottles of expensive soured grapes, champagne. I don’t like sour grapes, so I don’t drink sour liquids. Rann enjoys the liquor. He and his friends can celebrate in true fashion, tonight with my case of bottles after I win this match.
Alas! I cannot join Rann, being confined to the Royal palace for the fifth Royal Matches until someone wins. I sigh with disapproval.
My comfone beeps when the special package is loaded and locked inside the bottom panel, and I’m off. I quickly jet up into the heavens at a 45 degree angle. The zipper can easily take the punishment of the gravity well and ascension. I’ve been flying these things, since the first time line, 155 days ago. And, I’ve been a major abuser of this piece of flying equipment. If anyone can crash a zipper, I can, giggling. I sigh with humor.
I’m out of the orbit of Agri while seeing a tiny dot, ship. It penetrates the Wall through a very large hole. Just my luck! Rita has given me a wonderful gift, by mistake. I’m taking her opening big enough for me to fly my zipper through. “Thank you, Rita!” I whisper for fun, giggling.
I jam the hand joystick forward increasing speed stretching more than 900 miles-per-hour coupled with T-ping of Telekinesis. I sigh with triumph.
Steel flakes of metal and tiny silver-painted fragments beautifully grind against the Wall’s interior materials of space rock, trash, and debris while pondering a new paint job on zipper after the obstacle course run. I clear for the second run passing the space station panels shining from the solar system’s bright big yellow sun. Next stop, Resort! My Tele senses ping, everything is fine.
Using the comlen, I mark a second drop zone on the screen, slowing the zipper. I don’t wanna break the precious package, because Rann will be so disappointed in me…naw…champagne.
Rann’s cheering for me and I’m almost home free. I scan the special package inside the cargo hold. Good.
I establish an orbit around asteroid Resort then gently descend the zipper into the atmosphere. I see a crew of Agri Business Associates gathered around the drop zone as they are prepared to inspect the cargo for one broken bottle. I hover in the blue sky and gently open the cargo hold.
I lower the box to the brown dirt using a little Telekinesis T-touch to control and stabilize the descent and landing of the wood crate. Tap! I sigh with victory.
The men and women attack the box like fire arms when an arm waves and gives me a “thumps up” signal. Done!
“Yee-haw,” singing in flute while getting the box of twenty champagne bottles from Agri to Resort, without breaking a glass fragments. I smile with happiness.
I gently accelerate into the stratosphere don’t wanna have any incidents or penalties under the Rules of the Empress-in-waiting Royal Match. I punch the gears for light speed to Militia as Rita leaves of Agri with her box.
Zbots guide me onto the hanger bay to an assigned berth, landing the zipper with a gentle hand.
Tap! I power down the engine system and release the roof hatch, without the boot ramp.
I leap, T-rex from an open cockpit then land on boot toes onto hard concrete using a T-lift of Telekinesis gently flying my petiteness. I don’t wanna any blodding injuries.
Rann is the first person to greet me while galloping like a race horse as I jump, kitten-like into his open biceps, giggling, laughing, and cooing with delight and happiness. He gives me a big warm brotherly Teddy bear hug.
“I won,” shouting into his right eardrum.
“You won,” Rann yells into my left eardrum then drops me to the floor as I bounce up and down on boot toes with excitement. I sigh with joy.
“I’m so happy,” babbling in nonsense and happiness.
“I’m so happy for you,” Rann babbles and bounces on boot toes with me like two little kids at playground recess. I sigh with true love.
I greatly desire to kiss him, touch his face, hug him, again but can’t as Dirk storms on boots from a blinded side and shouts. “Starra, you won.”
I desire to hurl, puke, and heave on Dirk’s lavender bathroom robes.
“Yay. Hay. Ya don’t say, babe!” I giggle into Rann’s left eardrum as we both giggle the insult. Since Dirk can’t harm me. He won’t dare harm me with Rann presence.
“Congratulations! You’re back in the running for Empress of the Universe,” he insults, teases, and taunts for some dang reason, since Dirk know that I don’t want that title.
But, he wants something else. I just don’t know what, yet, but I’ll figure it out.
“Rann, you must be Countess Starra’s number one fan.” Dirk observes when Rann man-pulls me closer into his hot body away from Dirk for both love and protection and.
Rann sings in sexy baritone trombone, “I am. I’m rooting for Starra to win this match.” He avoids the Empress-in-waiting competition wording, since I catch the subtle clue, smiling and giggling.
“Rann, I want you to have the bottles of champagne.” I offer giggling into Rann’s face.
“I accept. Why don’t you celebrate with me your victory of the race?” Rann invites, smiling in my face, when he violently jerks my right forearm from Rann’s loose gripe.
Dirk commands as kingly asshole. “Starra is not allowed to attend any un-official Royal party. She is an Empress-in-waiting. She must return to the palace, immediately for rest and relaxation after her daring race and victory match.” Rann stands soldierly while clinching hands into tight fists for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds then I plant a fake smile on a face.
I end the dog fight. “Thank you kindly for your generous offer, Prince. I must be going like the Emperor says. Good bye, Rann!” I back step away from Rann and two-step from Dirk’s tallness.
Rann smiles at me, “Good luck for tomorrow! Good night, Countess Starra!” He gentlemanly bows at a fit waist to me in both respect and honor, without addressing Dirk when four big ugly Royal Honor Guards surrounds me while cutting off any additional vocal and visual responses with Rann. Dirk is not only greedy, but jealousy, now I understand the reason for the extra Royal honor guards to and from the Royal castle. I sigh with victory.
I swing a body backwards and kitty-cat stretch with a right arm waving five finger pads at Rann through a wall of human muscles towards a Royal carrier ship, giggling. I sigh with delightful happiness.
Dirk is mad while Rann is happy and I’m joyous. Rita’s in trouble, crash landing a zipper on Resort. The ship’s destroyed. Rita is unharmed just humiliated. No one will ever find out, because Dirk will cover up the incident. Ty will be sworn to secrecy along with the eye witnesses of the Business Associates or the gallows for all of them. Rann will find out in about five seconds after I’m cleared for takeoff. I snicker like a sly fox being a talent Tele.
Day 157. auditorium. evening. I sit inside a red wooden picnic table with Rita sitting…naw…snarling….naw…drooling across from me. I’m absolutely clueless at this Royal Match, maybe a nice game of play checkers.
I like to play checkers, cards, chess, and other board games, since they stimulate the both intellect and psyche into intelligence and competition, giggling. I’ll win this match, for shore.
I flash back mentally on Planet Earth when I played with Ming’s grandchildren and great-grandchildren on Starbuck Plantation on Sunday afternoons after church services with a big lunch.
I flash present mentally too busy saving my precious hindie from Dirk within the restricted confine of an unknown universe, instead of finding a way back home to Planet Earth.
Two evil and vile villains both, figuratively and literally are fighting with me, but I gots a secret ally. I flip eyelashes to Rann, the handsome, rich, brilliant, and courageous noble secretly posing as both my protector and bodyguard while giving me advice, gifts, and weapons for both my security and safety, giggling with a girly twang. I sigh with true love.
The man definitely loves me in the eighth time line, since the man can’t remember from the previous other seven. But that’s okay, since I’m look elegant in a beautiful silver-diamond stubbed gown with two puffy draping sleeves surrounded by a mid-drift garment which is exposing my rib cage and tanned skin coupled with a long shimmering diamond encrusted long sweep skirt with a three foot train. I look hot, elegant, and like an Empress, smiling at the gathering crowd of citizens to witness the next round of cat fighting with Rita.
Dirk is jealousy and competitive, presenting me a wrapped purple box, this morning. I love my new gown. The other one stinks from salt, perfume, and perspiration.
I stare at Rann, sitting inside his noble skybox since I can’t wave. He sees me and doesn’t wave, either but our dancing eyes met. Our loving hearts touch and our minds join sharing a single same mental thought, I truly love you.
The Master of Ceremonies echoes the words off the four walls, “Welcome Citizens of the Universe to the fifth Royal Match of the Empress-in-Waiting competition. You have seen our ruler fight with vigor, honor, and duty against the evil and vile pirates that had roamed and sacked our universe. The Empress must display the bold traits to ruler beside a great leader. She must possess strength, might and concentration.”
She must possess bold traits fighting with vigor and honor against Dirk. I do believe that the Commerce Historian needs to update the History Books. I sigh with duty.
“The two Empress-in-waiting candidates will engage in an arm to arm wrestling match.” The Master of Ceremonies announces as the citizens yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle.
Everything ain’t fine. My Tele senses are singing in piccolo.
I’ve never wrestled with any one person in my life. That’s a man sport, not a lady sport.
Let’s analyze this, if I lose, I forfeit the 100 points then Rita leads with 400 points.
She’s wins, when an Empress-candidate reaches 500 points.
My new strategy, lose. If I win, I receive 100 points then I tie with Rita at 400 points, each.
This Royal Match is dumb, since I really don’t wanna arm wrestle as the citizens howl like a pack of hungry Agri coyotes inside the auditorium.
Dirk smiles with pleasure creating this slick affair when I swing a sour face at Rann. He soldierly stands inside the Sahara skybox while clapping, shouting, and smiling at me. Rann is happy. O, man! Rann’s rooting big time for me to win.
 I cannot disappointment him, fail in his eyes, lose the match, and beaten in the arm wrestle by a wimpy Rita. Adjust strategy! So, I’ll win by cheating and using my Tele-powers, not fair and justice.
Rita is both taller and fatter than I standing at five feet and eleven inches tall and weighs 135 pounds. I’m five feet and one inch and weight in with a diamond studded gown at 98 pounds.
She has more body mass than I which equals more force, pull, and weight against me. Ya’ll know, just in the science of physics only, she’ll beat my pretty ass.
My new gray lovely flowing diamond studded gown, given to me by coward King Dirk, has a set of big fluffy puffy sleeves interfering with an arm and wrist movement, during the wrestling Royal Match. I will lose, ya’ll.
I can’t change my gown in time before the start of the Royal Match or I’ll be a traitor and hang in the gallows. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
I have a great idea to fix it, giggling with my dagger hidden inside a purse. Girls use purses, hats, gloves, and jewelry as accessories to their garments, so girly. I’m a very prissy girl, giggling with silly twang. Girls rule! Boys drool!
The citizens continue to yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle as the Master of Ceremonies holds a right palm to halt the celebration then silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says, “Ladies, place your right elbows upright on the table.”
I graceful open the purse and pull a sharp pointy deadly instrument from the side pocket then stand as citizens coo like Agri doves and the Master of Ceremonies nosily gasps then pauses for study. He addresses. “Countess Starra, do you need something?”
“No thanks,” singing in flute when I hold a left arm parallel to the table using the dagger in a right hand in an attack position with a very unladylike fashion. I swiftly and accurately slice the thin long silk sleeve of the left side of the gown. The fabric drops to the floor.
I don’t wanna tear my new dress, since I might need it later on for something else from Dirk.
But, I need to win this match and can’t do it with the long sleeves twisted around an arm as the citizens continues to yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle.
The Master of Ceremonies holds a right palm to halt the celebration then some fool yells from the bleachers. “Do it!” The citizens start to yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle. 
I ignore the rude comment while eye burning Rann. His nose profile scans the wild and crazy citizens around the auditorium with both fury and concern for the citizen yelling the inappropriate statement at me while outlining a maser with his five fingers as I giggle at my protector.
I feel sorry if that fool is found and caught by Rann. With the contagious intense evil mood of the citizens, Rann will personally beat that fool black and blue with bruises, and maybe broke the nose. I sigh with hero.
The Master of Ceremonies holds a right palm to halt the celebration as I hold a right arm quickly slicing a sleeve off letting the fabric fall to the floor then sit down facing Rita.
Rita ain’t smiling, ain’t happy but dog snarls nicely in the musical notes of a-flat to c-sharp, since I’m back in the running for the Empress of the Universe. I sigh with winner.
If the fifth Royal Match results in a tie, again, I concede. Any jury will perfectly favor my decision about quitting this stupid game, since I haven’t found a red Book. And, I have a good strong sense that the Book does not address a second tie in the Empress-in-waiting matches for the Emperor’s marriage contract. I do believe Rann was hinting that. I just now figured that one out. Since, I’m a little slow. Better late, than never!
I feel good, safe and cooler. That dress was hot. I sigh with freedom.
The citizens yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle as the Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm when silence lingers in the air waves for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says,
“Are you ready, Countess Starra?” I smile and bob curls up and down like a pretty pony and.
I sing in flute, “I believe I am. Thank you.”
“Ladies, place your right elbows in the upright position on the table.” The Master of Ceremonies instructs as I set a right elbow on the hard wood with the hand and fingers elevating towards the ceiling.
Rita poses a same position of her hand against my hand. My right arm, hand, and fingers are three inches lower than her long, fat, muscular, thick, tall, and pale arm, describing her, accurately. Therefore, we can not wrestle, not a fair fight. I’m too short since she’s too tall. I know let’s cut Rita’s long slender fingers off, giggling with silliness.
“Brick,” The Master of Ceremonies shouts when Sbot floats over to the table with a silver tray with different sizes of perfectly equaled squared shaped red wooden boxes.
“I suggest this one,” Sbot hums lifting a square box in a limb when the Master of Ceremonies places a brick on the table near my elbow.
“Countess Starra, please set your elbow on top of the brick.” He instructs when I lift my elbow then the height of the little wooden brick adds perfectly the three missing inches to my hand. “Bound their wrists together,” the Master of Ceremonies orders as I swing a face to Rann.
Rann studies the ribbon and me, not upset. Good sign! Sbot ties a long red wide cotton ribbon slightly tight around our wrists. If I pull with force, Tele force, of course, I can jerk Rita’s hand into my nose. That’s how tight the grip of the ribbon is around my tiny wrist. I sigh with toil.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
“Ladies, are you ready?” The Master of Ceremonies asks.
“Yessss,” hisses Rita like a snake.
“Ready,” saying softly while tapping mental mind into my Tele-powers.
“Ready! Set! Go!” The Master of Ceremonies shouts as the citizens yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle as I quickly feel a strong tug of strength in Rita’s fingers, hand, wrist, arm, and shoulder blade against my arm. She’s strong with all these fat molecules inside her arm.
This really hurts my fingers and hand while posing Telekinesis in place when the ribbon stretches taunt in opposite pull of the fabric, giggling. I sigh with conceit.
This is not a regular piece of cloth cotton fabric created by Mother Nature. The material feels un-natural, maybe developed with a rubber base for elasticity and endurance manufactured within the cotton strands. I quickly swiftly magically jerk and jam her right wrist backwards to my left side of me, violently slamming her knuckles to the wood.
“Stang,” curses Rita as I smile. I sigh with triumph.
The Master of Ceremonies determines, “Winner, Countess Starra.” The citizens don’t stop to yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle.
Sbot cuts the ribbon as our hands not separating our palms in the air since I’m not relinquishing my palm hold on her hand. Rita’s mad, angry and might jerk my arm backwards attempting to break the bone, just for revenge.
Rita wants to hurt me, badly. Hey, baby girl! I mind read your nasty mental thoughts, since Rita’s interior fury is so red and green-colored she’s a shining star in the room.
The ribbon silently glides and slowly fall to the wood then Rita viciously jerk her arm, hand, and fingers high into the air over her head with such great force that she almost fall backwards out of her chair before my eyes. I follow her arm spam then jerk my arm into my chest as Rita flings her arm towards the hard floor.
Told ya’ll! Rita’s mad enough to kill me as I smile and wink an eyelash, right at a sneering Rita.
I slowly stand when eight big fugly ugly Royal Honor Guards move and surround me. Wow!
They are ready and suspicious, employed by Rann. Naw! Rann can’t employ them. Dirk employs them. They must be bribed by Rann for extra currs to protect me. That’s it. You can’t break the law when pocketing extra currs that you found in your room. That’s “my man.” I sigh with true love.
The citizens continue to yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle as the Master of Ceremonies holds up a right palm halting the celebration when silence lingers in the air waves for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says, “Countess Starra has won the match. She receives 100 points. As of tonight, Viscountess Rita and Countess Starra are both tied with 400 points each at the end of the Empress-in-waiting five Royal Matches. I must defer the next protocol to Emperor Dirk.” The citizens continue yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle at a louder level of ear piercing volumes.
Tied, again! Defer to Dirk! Been there, done that! My Tele senses dinks, everything is not fine. 
I give up, surrender, and give the title, trophy and tiara to Rita, staring and smashing the mental words into Dirk’s open wicked neurons. I sigh with disappointment.
Dirk slowly rises from the chair letting the lavender bathroom robes drag like a fallen cowboy from a raging bull behind his ass, slo mo approaching the edge of the stage with a crown on his ugly head and a scepter in a left hand and the Book in a right hand.
Nbots attack Dirk buzzing around dumbo earlobes for the anticipated next Royal decree from the red Book about the Empress-in-waiting candidate tie for the mating ritual for the Emperor of the Universe. The citizens continue to yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle. Dirk slowly raises the scepter in the air like a freaking magician when immediately silence echoes around the auditorium. He inhales tons of air molecules, wording. “Citizens of the Universe, I am very stunned and pleaded with the outcomes of the five Royal Matches for Empress of the Universe so far. Are you?” The citizens yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle when Dirk lowers the scepter to his kneecaps under the lavender bathroom robes, saying. “You are. The Book offers a solution in case of a double tie.”
“Naw…,” singing in piano while shaking my curls side to side, since Dirk honestly lies and fibs. I swing a face to Rann seeing Rann’s nose profile is seldom, not happy. I’m not happy, either and Rita’s happy as the citizens continue yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle.
Dirk slowly raises the scepter in the air near his ugly nose when immediately silence echoes around the auditorium. He inhales tons of air molecules, wording. “Citizens of the Universe, I will provide the Royal statute, tomorrow afternoon, here. Everyone is invited to come and enjoy the tense moments of the next step in the Empress-in-waiting competition.” The citizens yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle when I stomp in place a right sandal then a left sandal.
I’m mad, sad, and hungry. Dirk has rigged the stupid contest for some stupid reason. I stare at Rann when my eight big ugly Royal Honor guard surround me blocking out Rann’s nose profile.
Day 158. auditorium. morning. The packed, overcrowded smelly and loud auditorium contains faces and arms lining the walls, the stage, and upstairs while legs and feet dangle out the noble skyboxes. I whisper for my eardrums, only, “Dang, every citizen from big dude to little toddler is here in flesh and bone.” I sigh with doom.
Something bad’s going to happen and it’s going to happen to me. My Tele-powers ping, everything ain’t fine.
Dirk stands on the steps since his stage possesses faces holding that stupid red Book in the air like a book sale man then looks with eyelids down and opens with a right hand a page to the mysterious and made up Tie Match between the two newly tied Empress-in-waiting candidates, speaking. “Citizens of the Universe, thank you for your support and encouragement of the selection process for my bride-to-be.” The citizens yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistle.
Dirk holds a naked palm in the air when the room silences immediately and says, “Each noblette has shown ingenuity, courage, and creativity to win her particular Royal Match. These outstanding and remarkable qualities have resulted in another tie. Would you have believed this outcome? I guess…(chuckles)…I am a worthy fellow,” smiles Dirk with yellow teeth as the stupid citizens hoot and laugh then he introduces. “The final match is…,” pauses for dumbness as the silence quickly fills the room for the anticipated moment. He shouts, “Sudden match.” The citizens yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistles for more blood and violence. I sigh with dread.
Dirk holds a naked palm in the air when the room silences immediately and says, “The new rule is simply.” He always uses that line a lot. The new rule is simple, but actually it really is not simple instead complicated, unclear, convoluted, dangerous, and deadly for little me. He adds.
“The Sudden Death Match will end, when one of the noblettes is dead.” The citizens nosily gasp then the Master of Ceremonies nosily gasps while Rita nosily gasps. Then, I nosily gasp with pure horror.
I swiftly stand on cute boot toes from the stool wearing my cute gray outfit and matching thigh-high boots along with a hidden silver dagger from Rann, even without Telepathy, I will be using my deadly new toy. I face with a sour frown the stupid and bloody thirst cheering citizens of the universe as Rita slumps a collar bone inside her high stool.
I swing a body and face the delivery of death, my death. “Pardon me,” yelling. “Sudden death is a figurative dictionary phrase meaning ‘the score is tied,’ Dirk. That’s defined as another non-violent action play to add one extra point to a final score to the Game determining the winner for breaking a tie with the same number of points. In summary, sudden match chooses the winner, not kill the loser.” The citizens hoot and laugh at me.
“You have an incorrect definition of the word ‘Sudden Death’ in this competition, Countess Starra.” Dirk sneers as the citizens cheer, clap, hoot, and laugh. I sigh with terror.
I’m the stronger physical or in this case metaphysical girl on the floor while flipping a sour face at Rita. I must kill my opponent in cold blood, murder to win Sudden Match.
Rita lifts a chin then wickedly smirks and dog drools at me while we think the exact same mental thought, kill. I sigh with death.
Dirk adds for fun, “If no one dies after completing the last round of Sudden Match, I’ll personally execute the one exhibiting the most wounds on a body.” He pulls a maser rifle from the lavender bathroom robes leaning the cold black barrel against a right shoulder as the citizens nosily gasp while the Master of Ceremonies nosily gasp and Rita nosily gasps. Then, I nosily gasp. I sigh with horror.
Nice move, Dirk! I change my mind flipping a wicked smile to Rita, die.
Dirk dictates like a kingly asshole, “Five minutes break, before the Sudden Death Match begins.” The citizens rustle feet and quickly invade the food vendor booths outside the building as I stand and stare at the clean hard flooring of purple tiles, five minutes to die. There’s 50 seconds in a minute. So, I have 250 seconds, before I die (Commerce time clock).
I feel a presence, kitten-like jumping in the air on boot toes when flipping an angry face to Rann. I exhale my bad breathe when he gently touches a right hand to my left collar bone and encourages, “I have faith in you. You can beat her, Starra.”
I quickly adjust. “Ya mean to say I can kill her.” I sigh with desperation.
He bobs his curls up and down and stares into my eyes. “I support you in this most difficult situation. You must be aggressive, Starra. It’s her or you. Remember, Dirk will not be waiting with a bouquet of flowers for the final act of the play.” Rann sternly reminds in a right eardrums when cuts his eyelids to the stage. Dirk watches me sitting in his throne chair waiting for my death. I sigh with doom.
The citizen rush and return boot toes to the seats eager to begin the Sudden Death Match, chanting in unison like a rehearsed church choir with counting backwards the math numbers. “Ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Go!”
The Master of Ceremonies echoes the words off the four walls, “Each round of the match is a fight with various weapons and is timed. At the end of fight, if there is no clear winner then you will advance to the next round with a new set of weapons. You will engage the first round inside the auditorium, here, employing hand to hand combat techniques.” Silence bombards the room as two Sbots lift and float from Dirk’s side and move towards us.
Sbot hovers and hums to me. “Please follow me, Countess Starra.” I obey. “Please stand here,” Sbot hums and hovers metal pointing with one finger a spot on the extreme left side of the auditorium while facing my enemy, Rita as the citizens yell, hoot, hand clap, boot stamp, and whistles for more blood and violence.
“Sudden Death begins,” Dirk shouts as Rita leap, kitten-like in the air with open arms and ten sharp red manicured claws trying to grab my throat. Strangulation technique, darling!
I T-perform a forward flip out with of her arm span and sandal path way with Telekinesis when Rita doesn’t halt a forward rotation of running sandals, missing me.
She tries to stop but loses a body balance slamming down on hard concrete floor while sliding on her naked elbows across the smooth flooring. That stings, sugar!
I snort like a wild-ass admitting a pretty good first attempt to kill me as the citizens laugh at Rita. 
Rita has more height and more weight compared mathematical to me but that combination makes her slow and I fast, faster, fastest than her. I smile then sour a face since my heart is not cooperating with this new Sudden Match. As a matter of fact, neither is my mind, I cannot kill an innocent citizen, even a vile and unkind Rita, just because an evil and wicked Dirk decrees it. 
I greatly desire to kill Dirk, now if I jump and reach his neckline as the citizens cheer for Rita.
She slowly stands on summer sandals while pressing ten finger pads over a wrinkled dress and pulls her blonde hair into a tight bun then swiftly charges at me with angry in blue eyes and invisible white steam coming out of a perk button nose as the citizens cheer.
I jump, T-rex from bend kneecaps easily flying five feet and clearing a crown of blonde hair roots using Telekinesis when Rita swiftly plows a face, a dress, and two sandals into the six citizens parked on the bottom tier of the bleachers as the other non-hurt citizens groan. 
Go fish, dear! I beautifully float like an angel and land like a balloon on bent kneecaps and boot toes while watching for the next daring and dangerous Rita move. Clearly, Rita’s intent is to kill me, first as I glance a face behind a left shoulder at Dirk.
Dirk smiles with…way too much glee when I swing a face at Rann. He leans a face, two biceps over the railing in the skybox watching with concern and worry etched on a handsome face. 
Rita plops on a fluffy dress on the floor while shaking a dizzy head and an aching body into full consciousness, trying to stand on summer sandals, again.
She rushes like a Choo-Choo train at me then I run down the side of the bleachers towards the lobby’s doors for quick good-bye exit into the lawn, off the planet, and out of the universe. Good plan! If I show I’m a chicken shit, then Rita wins. I sigh with greatness. 
Four Gbots, seven-feet high robots, are used by Dirk for personal protection with a single armed, charged and ready maser rifle in a metal limb while sweetly blocking the entrance doors in the lobby.
I slide and sing in piccolo, “Stang!” I swiftly execute a graceful turn to the right rounding the outer perimeter a square auditorium floor plan looking like I plan that sweet maneuver, giggling with girly twang.
Rita in hot pursue of me is twenty feet from my precious hindie. My Tele-powers ring, everything ain’t fine.
Without warning, well, I’m warned by the Tele-power of clairvoyance (future seeing) when a “wise guy” sitting on the bottom tier of the bleacher shoves a fat long boot foot into my advancing running boot path.
To avoid falling on my pretty face, I perform a flawless graceful frog leap in the air by two feet, landing gently on the hard floor in my cute gray outfit with the matching knee high boots from Rann. I continue hustling my precious fanny around the auditorium for a second trip. My Tele-powers tinkle, everything is fine.
I slow boot heels then stop on boot toes turning a body to see with eyeballs and a smile the cute nasty exchange of Rita and the “wise guy.” The “wise guy” is too slow withdrawing a big fat boot foot when tall elegant Rita slams a right sandal into an extended leg losing her balance and skids a face forward on her chin, nose, and forehead. That stings, doll!
I drop a knee breathing hard between the giggles and the snickers with extra tick-tock time as Rita lays flat face like a dead girl on the floor in intense pain.
I T-view using Teleclairvoyance that Rita will be there for another fifteen seconds Told ya’ll.
I’m using every ounce of energy, resource, and magic I possess to win this death match.
Another devoted fan of Rita assists her into a sitting upright position on knees with dark red blood gushing like a water geyser in a woodland forest from a nose and parted lips. I sigh with disgust.
Then, the Male sitting behind the “wise guy” stands and belts the “wise guy” on top of his head with a folded fists when “wise guy” swiftly stands and executes an about face and punches the attacking Male in the nose. Then, more dark red blood gushes like a water geyser in the woodland forest as citizens in the bleachers quickly attack each other with hands, arms, legs, and boot toes. A swift and violent fight between the two Males with shouts, fists, and a few daggers leaping from a few utility belts as the citizens shout in unison, “Fight, fight, fight.” I sigh with shock.
Gbots, Royal Honor Guards, and Militia soldiers leap, kitten-like from the wall onto the floor, running like frightened and lost deer across the auditorium and then jump, frog-like into the air on the heap onto the gathered bodies of fighting parties. They quickly bound, bind, and arrested all the involved assailants as the citizens cheer.
I feel sorry for these guys and gals, time inside the Prison Planet for a month for fist fighting while glancing a face at Dirk. He grins from ear to ear enjoying the creative coward chaos.
I turn a right cheekbone to survey Rita, who stands on sandals between two devoted fan but her dress sway side to side.
Then, a bell rings in first musically octave c-flat. “The first round of the Sudden Death Match is complete,” the Master of Ceremonies announces as the citizens rustle and exit bleachers to pee and eat.
Sbot twirls and swirls a right metal limb at me towards the side of the auditorium as I see a long table with my name etched on a wooden board in the corner. I walk to my assigned platform equipped with food, water, medical supplies, and Rann.
I smile and giggle, “What did you think of round one, Rann?” I grab and open the new bottle of water.
“I don’t see how you can joke about facing death, Starra.” Rann purses lips, ugly and doesn’t laugh at my lame joke.
”Facing death, I ain’t the one that’s going to die, today, sweetheart.” I tease with love and affection while cuddling into Rann’s right armpit for fun.
“You don’t look very athletic, Starra. Do you have secret powers or something?” Rann bug hugs me while whispering into a left eardrum.
“Something, I have something,” musing and gulping a few mouthful of water.
I impress with me, since I barely sweat. However, if I keep up this pace, I’ll perspire soon, maybe ruining my new outfit. I smile and flirt bumping my hands, kneecaps, and boot toes into Rann’s hard body during the short break as he giggles then purrs a set of secret words into a left eardrum.
Then, a dang bell rings in musically second octave c-flat as the Master of Ceremonies echoes the words off the four walls, “Noblettes, please follow me outside the auditorium for the second round of the Sudden Death Match.”
I exhale tons of oxygen molecules then remove my petiteness from Rann because the Sbot shoves a dangerous pointy metal limb between me and Rann for meanness. I back step on boot heels and then elegantly twirl my skirt in half-circle seeing with eyeballs an empty auditorim. Gossip travels faster than the speed of a zipper as I giggle and place the water bottle back on the table.
I smile and stare at Rann between the metal limbs of Sbot, “Round two, gotta go, Rann. Wish me luck?” Rann dances boot toes around Sbot then suddenly man-pulls me close and kisses pink- painted lips with his soft lips for 1 second….2 seconds…3 seconds…then we surface. We giggle and smile at each other.
“Great luck! Great victory!  I wish for…us,” Rann adjusts and smiles…(yeah, baby, us!)…then Teddy bear hugs and embraces me tight within two biceps.
Dirk reaches and grabs my right forearm from Rann while dog snarling at me…naw…Rann while man-pulling me from Rann’s bug hug. I sigh with true love.
I do believe that boy likes me while hurriedly pacing across an empty auditorium with Dirk dragging me away using my right forearm then we swiftly exit out the front doors into the sun.
I believe that boy really hates me while Dirk forcefully launches my boot toes towards Rita.
lawn. afternoon. The Master of Ceremonies direct points with an index finger like the ghost of Christmas Past in total silent to a tall oak green tree at the edge of a manicured lawn next to the hovering Sbot within the building campus. I sigh with mystery.
Goody, honey! I can carve “Rann loves Starra” into the wood of the oak tree, sniggering like a sly fox as I slowly stroll like a plantation snail to tree then see sliced between the seams of brown bark the next weapon, an axe.
I T-yank using Telekinesis a wooden curvy handle loose from the tree bark and slowly levitate the weapon gently into two sweaty palms. The blade gleams sharp and silver in the sun forged in a half-moon figure, very heavy. I sigh with dread.
Then, the dang bell ring in second octave d-sharp, when I sing in bass flute, “Time for more pain.” 
Rita attacks first, again, not learning to practice the virtue of patience. I flash back mentally on Planet Earth when Huntress didn’t practice patience, either. I defeated her ass without breaking a sweat cube on a forehead.
Same lesson. Same time line. Same enemy. Rita cocks a right shooting arm behind a blond bun and tosses a deadly axe at me. I casually stand in the middle of a manicured lawn in front of that oak tress while impatiently waiting for Sbot to serve my cup of hot tea then swiftly raise a right hand before my face. I T-slide with Telekinesis slowing and stopping the forward motion of the axe.
I don’t think anyone realizes that I have ‘special metaphysical talents,” except for Dirk and don’t need more attention, even if I might die. I swiftly drop a body into the grass and roll like log to the right side, dodging a flying axe.
The axe kisses a blue berry fruit bush, instead of me while not stopping and then whacking the top three branches off the stem. Rita gallops like a race horse towards the fallen axe as I jump, kitten-like from the grass then Rita tries to slice off my skull, missing, of course.
I duck down and jerk to my left of Rita’s summer sandal. Remember, Rita is taller than I am.
I elegantly dance boot toes to the right, the left, then backwards, and then trip on boot heels since the manicured lawn ended. I sigh with puzzlement.
I slam on back muscles with two legs sticking straight up in the air like a dead possum into a ditch wearing my new outfit. The dang ditch is fully filled with wet water, brown mud, yellow leaves, green grass, and black munch particles. Yucko!
Rita swing the blade over her hair roots then brilliantly slices it downwards at me catch in a tight predicament. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
I Tele-bubble using Telekinesis protecting me a fatal deadly blow of the axe then swiftly levitate a body two inches from the ditch out of the brown muddy water. I quickly slide to the right away from the ditch and Rita.
Rita exerts all strength into the blade, not stopping a forward momentum then splashes face first into the cold polluted water as the citizens laugh, cheer, boo, or clap.
I roll right side and plop on kneecaps then quickly stand, breathing hardy. I shake and dance the excess water, the particles of sticky green grass, and the shoddy brown munch from my dirty clothes. I sigh with disgust.
The water’s cold, drenched from earlobes to boot toes, while I examine with narrowed eyelashes at Rita. Poor Rita fairs worse, her usually prim blonde hair bun covers with brown mud and green muck…(hope, green grass)…along with a distorted face. I rudely laugh my pretty off with fun.
I enjoy seeing Rita so unkempt and unpolished. This is War, baby. War ain’t pretty. So, remember that. I sigh with lesson.
Rita picks and paws wet grass from multiply hair strands, a face, and a neck, when the bell ring in third octave f-sharp ending a second round of the Sudden Death Match.
“The second round has ended,” the Master of Ceremonies announced.
cobblestone street. afternoon. “Please follow me to the third round of the Sudden Death Match on the cobblestone street,” the Master of Ceremonies orders as I obey.
I wish he would quit calling it, the Sudden Death Match. It makes me very nervous. I move a tired, aching, and wet body from the tall oak tree. Rita can’t attack me until the bell rings.
I walk towards a vanilla-colored sidewalk and see a four horse-drawn double wide carriage driven by Pbot. I lady bug climb with fingers and boots into the prettily cart slowly plopping a bee_hind onto a soft perfumed cushioned pillow bench, while leaning back, relaxing, and closing eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
“Drink, Countess Starra,” Sbot hums on the opposite bench seat of the double wide carriage.
On the other side of me is a compact table filled with an assortment of water bottles, drinks, food, medical supplies, towels, and no Rann. I sigh with disappointment.
“Water, give me more water. And, I want a hot bath, Sbot,” day dreaming my fun.
“Sorry, Countess Starra! There are no bathing facilities inside the carriage,” Sbot hums with two teacups staring at me.
“Too bad,” whining like a whipped Woof puppy then enter into short and sweet healing state of Telemetabolics, during a carriage ride to an undisclosed cozy spot for a continued cat fight…naw…competition. I sigh with doom.
“You have arrived, Countess Starra,” Sbot hums.
“I give you permission to take my place, Sbot,” whining like a whipped Woof puppy with closed eyelashes.
“I cannot possibility take your place, Countess Starra. I am not a noble.” Sbot hums.
“Too bad,” whining like a whipped Woof puppy.
The Master of Ceremonies echoes the words from Sbot’s comlen, “Noblettes please follow me.”
Rest. Ready. Refresh. Rearing to go, not really. I blink eyelashes once, twice then thrice then use two hands, two elbows and two butt-cheeks lifting tired me from the soft silky cushion, then slowly stands, “Stang,” singing in flute.
“Countess Starra, you should use that word,” Sbot hovers and hums.
“Double stang,” singing in piccolo while jumping from a top step of the double wide carriage upon a batch of prettily green grass and yellow weeds ground.
I T-scan using Teleclairvoyance a new scenery while marching boot toes towards a dark murky creature infested pond. I’m a Tele, not a fisherman. I sigh with intrigue.
The Master of Ceremonies leads then stops then turns and then finger points at a sandy watery shore line beyond the dry land. “Your weapons are located inside the wooden boats in the middle of the pond. Begin round three of the Sudden Death Match.” Then, the dang bell rings in fourth octave g-flat.
Rita dives a body head, first into a cold fresh water pond, while I don’t start but stare at the murky dark green water pond. I turn a face to the citizens spotting with narrowed eyelashes Rann. He gives me a “thumbs up” position with a right hand. I sigh with true love.
I strip boots off from naked feet while hopping around like a bunny rabbit on each leg then drop them to the dry soil. I slo mo trot on naked feet towards the fresh water and stomp right five toe bones into warm currents while circulating and comforting two itchy legs. I march into waist deep water then force to swim towards an empty boat in the middle of the pond with a weapon to fight with Rita.
I T-zap using Teleclairvoyance seeing a boat made of weak loose wood staves and a weapon is hidden under a wood seat, a black maser. This battle’s going to be really short.
Burn the wooden boat with Rita in it, my worries end. Good plan, honey!
Rita, of course, has reached her boat and her weapon, first while I unfortunately have not. 
She reaches and grabs the weapon under the seat then starts shooting red waves of fire at me inside the water. Fortunately for me, her aim is really lousy. 
“You need more practice, honey,” giggling the nasty insult then I T-punch with a trace of Telepathy, so she purposefully hears me. Then Rita’s face presents a dirty contorted face with deadly vengeance. Funny face, darling!
I catch my sweet breathes then dive a body underwater surrounding a Tele-bubble with Telekinesis while locating with eyeballs the bottom of my boat. I T-punch with Telekinesis a right folded fist breaking the weakest stave then grab the maser located on under the bench.
The boat instantly starts sinking on top of me. I planned that, sorta.
I body surface behind part of a sinking wood and Tele-shield around me from a constant annoying barge of red maser waves from Rita. I gulp sweet oxygen and re-submerge. I dive a body deeper into the depths of the warm water right under Rita’s boat. I T-slam a right folded fist hole in the bottom of the wood using Telekinesis.
Masers don’t work underwater. I bet ya don’t know that scientific fact, reading inside the Book.
Rita burns a second then third then fourth opening into her sinking boat while attempting to kill me. She misses, of course, that strategy doesn’t work as the wooden boat floods twice as fast.
I surface laughing my pretty ass off, then cough out water, then laugh my pretty ass off, then cough out water, then breathe in two parts oxygen and one part hydrogen breathing into healthy lungs. I turn towards the shoreline swimming back to land while kicking legs and arching arms.
Twenty feet seems like an eternity, ya’ll. I sigh with determination.
I reach the shore, a private wooded property with a lake with no boardwalks, sidewalks or walkways. The pond bank is brown mud embedded by tree roots and tread water looking for a root to grab.
I plant hands on the tree root using T-pull of Telekinesis hoisting me up to a wet soggy muddy green grass bending knees and wrists in a doggie stance while lady bug climbing into the muddy bank. I sweet breathe hard while twisting and pretzeling a body into a sitting position, cradling bent kneecaps with two arms, cold.
The shallow water is warm on the bank to about three feet then the sun does not shine at that point as tree limbs shade over making the water dark, murky, and cold. The fresh water pond feeds wild life and under ground springs for drinking water. I sigh with coldness.
I swing a face to citizens seeing chairs, tables and eating refreshment. During my entrance into the pond, the citizens gather a semi-circular perimeter guarded by Gbots.
If a citizen aids or hinders an Empress-competitor, then the citizen gets prosecuted. Dirk has created that rule after that guy accidentally tripped Rita in the first round of the match, since he loves to kill his citizens.
She tosses and struggles in the pond water getting out of a fast sinking boat, not swimming back to the shore bank. Since, I sunk my ship then I sunk her ship. So, she’s mad, furious, and ready to kill me, without a weapon. The dang bell rings in fifth octave d-sharp.
“Starra,” sings Rann in sexy baritone trombone into my left eardrum while swiftly wrapping a soft blanket around me. “Are you alright? Do you need anything, Starra, darling?”
My teeth shiver, “Hot drink!?”
“I’ll be return in a moment. Stay right there, dear!” Rann wraps a second blanket around me then hugs me. I sigh with true love.
“The third round of the Sudden Death Match has concluded,” the Master of Ceremonies announces via the comfone for all eardrums.
Rann returns within three seconds, “Here! Hot chocolate! Be careful, the liquid is very hot!”
“Thanks,” blowing sweet breathes across the top white crème with blue lips then swallow a gulp. I feel a warm sensation from a tip tongue traveling down an esophagus to a belly button. Then I drink another swallow.
“Starra, you’re doing a very good job, defending yourself.” Rann sits next to me, whispering.
“Thanks,” blowing out the word then sipping more hot chocolate.
“This is the last...,” Rann words, when a sharp tenor cuts off his sentence.
“Starra,” Dirk sings in tenor as Rann swiftly stands on boots then offers a right hand while assisting me upright. I hand off the hot cup to Rann while taking his left hand and flinging the blanket over a collar bone.
Rann grabs the other side of the blanket while cuddling me into a left armpit and compliments,
“Excellent strategy, Starra!”
Thanks,” muttering the word, then we accidentally come face to face with Dirk. He dog snarls at Rann then whips a chin to me and.
He reminds. “Time to go to the next location of the match. Don’t worry! I sent bots to collect Rita.” Dirk chuckles. I cut eyelashes behind a right shoulder viewing Rita. Sbots are carrying a small chair for Rita. “This way to the carrier ship, alone, Starra,” Dirk warns and finger points to a zipper ship.
cold black outer space. evening. Pbot opens the door for me, only as I swing a body and view a serious Rann. He stands soldierly next to a smiling Dirk, while I lady bug climb with finger pads and boot toes into a silver-tinted leather bench seat in the rear with two folded purple blankets. The other chairs are removed and replace with a storage bin built into the side wall.
I sit and open the bin, containing numerous refreshing water bottles, small food packages of crackers, cheese strips, and fruit. I dive into the food with teeth and tongue while cramming crackers and bites of apple between my lips. I wrap blankets around folded legs with red and brown food crumbs prettily decorating the purple warmth and softness.
I feel the zipper engine roar like a Resort lion then launch like an Agri eagle from a yellow cobblestone street while closing eyelashes and leaning dirty hair roots into a soft head rest. I dream of Rann, smiling and hugging me with heated warmth and whispers of sweet words, ‘this is the last…’
This is the last…match. If neither noblette is dead after the last match, Dirk will kill the loser.
Rita is the loser. Wait! Dirk loves Rita. So, I’m the loser. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
There’s a condition on the Royal edit for the Empress-in-waiting competition. The loser, as the unlucky girl, has the most injuries then she dies, first and last, foreverly.
I swiftly toss the warm blankets to the floor, scanning with eyeballs for my outward body injuries. My legs have four ugly deep bluish-black bruises. My arms have two reddish-pink cuts on a right arm and one cut on a left arm.
I strew open a side compartment looking for a vanity mirror. Nothing! I turn a face to the rear view window of the ship, reflective glass. 
I see golden freckles exaggerating in a large funny shape. I trace with eyeballs an outline of a triangular face, a pointy nose, a cleft chin, two almond-shaped eye sockets, a forehead and two apple cheek bones. No cuts, bruises, and broken bones. I sigh with relief.
I feel the engine down shaft into a pacing hyper-speed while turning a face a forward and viewing portal window. I’m landing on top of a flat land then use Telemetabolics, I T-erase any visual reddish-pink cuts and bluish-black bruises from both arms and legs, looking healthy, feeling not. I sigh with stress.
I remember Rita’s a healer with a Tele-ability of Telemetabolics. She might not know it but during pain and trauma a citizen’s true ability exhibits a tiny degree of Tele-power.
Resort. mountain cliff. evening. Pbot opens the door as I step a right boot heel onto a smooth limestone gray naked rock stone, without any patches of green grass or yellow weeds within my immediate dancing shoes. “Where am I?” I ask with kitty-cat curiosity making nosily clicks boot toes away from the zipper.
“The Bay of Commerce,” Pbot hovers and hums next to the door.
“Bay!?” saying with confusion.
Pbot hums, “A bay is an area formation where a region of soft soil comes between two regions of hard land forms on a coastline. The soft soil such as sands and clays is eroded faster than the hard rocks such as chalk, limestone or granite, leaving an indented bay. Wave refraction disperses wave energy through the bay which protects this area from storms. This effect means that the waves reach the shore in a bay, usually constructive waves forming and creating a beach.”
“Thanks for the geographical lesson,” whining like a whipped Woof puppy, while I cautiously walk on boot toes towards the edge of the gray limestone rock. A bay with a beach is surrounded by two sides of bedrock landscape, pretty. And, the land ends where I stand, deadly. The beaches are located 252-feet below boot toes, death, “Cliffs!?” I moan with fear.
Pbot hovers and hums beside me, “A cliff is a significant vertical or near vertical, rock exposure common on coasts in mountainous areas, escarpments, and along rivers. They are formed by rocks, most likely composed of sandstone, limestone, chalk, and dolomite resistant to erosion and weathering. Many cliffs also feature waterfalls, rock shelter, and sometime peters out at the end of the ridge with a tea table or another type of rock column.”
“Thanks!” I moan with more fear. I don’t see any rock shelters for hiding me or a waterfall for hiding me, only a tea table ridge extending way out into an overhanging of hard rock, made of gray limestone for dying. I sigh with danger.
I stand boot toes on a ground of gray loose dirt barely scattered tiny patches of green grass then turn a face viewing my bee_hind behind a right collar. The rock ridge leads back into a wooded forest, beautifully.
“This property is owned by the Crown,” Pbot hovers and hums into my left eardrum as I slowly ease a face over an empty edge of an overhang. I suddenly dizzy with death.
“What’s the vertical drop measurement?” I confirm, mentally what I see, physically with eyeballs.
Pbot hovers and hums, “The cliff is a precise measure of 252-feet and 4-inches from the highest point on the ridge down into the beach sand with a five-feet and six-inched overhang corresponding to an angle of 60-degrees.” Ya’ll know, sometime a bot just gives way too much data. I sigh with danger.
“Thanks!” I moan with extreme fear, since I can’t survive alive and breathing plus many, many broken bones a long intense fall, even with my mighty Tele-powers.
I flash back mentally into a third alien time line when I survived a fall from a tower window cradling Rann like a baby to my breasts. I safely landed in a hay wagon a short ten-story high descent.
“Incoming,” Pbot hovers and hums as I jerk a face into a blue sky noting two zippers, Rita and Dirk. No other space crafts, since Dirk does not want any eye witnesses when he zaps me dead with a maser rifle. The ships land one after the other, when the first ship’s robot floats out a driver’s seat.
Pbot floats around a right side then flies ass-backwards while carrying between two metal limbs a long purple wooden box, coffin…naw….weapons. I didn’t need my Tele powers for that future view. I sign with death.
And Rita has changed a pretty dress into a red one-piece jumpsuit covering swan throat to skinny ankles plus a cozy pair of running sneakers on two feet. The jumpsuit secretly houses but visually displays patches of additional thick cloth armor padding in two legs, two thighs, two breasts, and two arms. She looks fit and healthy, ya’ll! Rita has accessed the Tele-power of Telemetabolics while healing her person, without even knowing it. I sigh with pain.
Rita’s ready for a pain…naw…a fight to the death, when Nbots exit her zipper, probably news cast interviewing her about our upcoming death fight. Dirk steps boot toes from the carrier while scanning with eyeballs the limestone gray ridge then smiles, getting to kill someone in cold blood on purpose. I sigh with death.
Pbot sets up a cloth purple tent for Dirk complete with a chair and a table filled with food refreshments, consisting of two glasses and an empty glass pitcher on a silver tray. Sbot fills the pitcher will a clear liquid, water.
I suddenly thirst, wanting a cool tall glass of cold water while comparing my fashion attire to Rita’s. I’m almost dry but stiff feeling in the gray top and skirt along with a couple of dried leaves sticking into my ass. My leather boots are scuffed and dry but usable.
Dirk stands his tallness and center stages in front of a nicely draped purple shower curtain tent as Pbot hovers and hums into a left eardrum, “Your presence is requested by the Emperor.” 
“Whatever?” I bull snort and slowly scan with eyeballs and neurons the scene. A tea table flat ridge is filled with tid and tad bits of loose dry dirt and four green sprouts of grass, a tent, three Pbots, five Nbots, Dirk, and Rita, the worse possible impossible situation for me on Commerce.
All the robots hover and surround Dirk for protection, since he knows who’s he messing or missing with as I giggle with silliness.
If I get loose, I kill ya with two bare hands, before I eliminate Rita, right in front of all the citizens of the universe with the Nbots video recording.
I stop on a right side of the tent in front of a robot. “Ladies, this is the last match,” Dirk says without surprise me as Rita neck snaps a lovely distorted face while dog snarling and baby drooling more special effects towards me and.
She purrs, “Good.”
“The green woodland forest is off limits, ahead. The weapons are located to your right. The ships are off limits on your left. The cliff filled with an open sky is behind you.” Dirk reminds, smiling. “Nbot,” he yells.
“Recording, Emperor Dirk.” The Lead Nbot hums.
“As you can see, no citizens are allowed on the playing field. I don’t want any injuries to the innocent.” He laughs and I want to really injury the guilty, Dirk.
“Begin the match,” Dirk barely words then swing a body away from us and strolls in a new set of lavender bathroom robes towards the chair. He about faces and sits down crossing a right leg over a left one then holds out a right hand. Pbot pours a fresh glass of cold water then hands off the glass tumbler. I sigh with thirst.
In my peripheral vision, Rita reaches her box of weapons, first when I turn from Dirk. I gallop like racehorse to the opposite end of my personal long wooden box and peek-a-boo inside, a shiny sharp sword inside yellow hay clippings. Nice!
I slowly pick up the weapon of mass destruction or in this case, a single messy destruction with both hands. The sword is heavy and the hilt tints in bright yellow gold metal shaped with a semi-round mound to fit a petite hand, perfectly. Dirk had all my body measurements for my gown and my fighting hand. I giggle with a girly twang.
Rita staggers boot heels backward from the box and me while swinging a blade side to side, up, down, and diagonally, testing the weight, fit, and balance of the instrument, since I don’t bother to copy-cat her slick moves.
I just need one slice into a gut, a skull or a throat ending the Sudden Death Match then advance a right boot while holding the sword in a right fighting hand at a right kneecap. Rita stumbles a few more boot heels away from me. I sigh with harm.
She two-fisted holds the sword at a waist when I quickly lung from boot toes and bend kneecaps while hitting her blade point down towards the dirt then use a left folded fist and punch her in the mouth. Dark red blood squirts in the air while her lips swell twice the size of a yellow grapefruit.
Dirk claps and smiles at my clever kitty-cat performance. I sigh with disgust.
I swing a sour face and mental think for my neurons, only. You’re next, Dirk. Don’t be so happy, dude?
Rita jumps, kitten-like from me while holding a sword with both hands as I stomp boot toes forward then she rushes me backwards with blade tip. “Stop,” I rebel yell for fun as Rita quickly lowers the weapon down to her kneecaps in both shock and suspense, staring bull-frog eyeballs at me. Dirk stares at me, too comfortably surrounded by three Pbots.
I stare at her, giggling and smiling then swing a body towards the table under the tent. I jog on boots towards a silver tray, grabbing the second cool tumbler of water. Then, I dump the contents into an open mouth, drinking swiftly. I gulp the water in three mouthfuls down a dry throat while the cool refreshment follows my esophagus into the stomach. I remove an empty tumbler from my smiling lips and.
I compliment, “Thanks!” Dirk laughs and claps with glee like a little kid. At least, I’m entertaining, but if not a cool actress.
I run back into my spot and face a sour puss Rita then swiftly attack. Thrust. Parry. Slash. Both blade swords contact while she holds a regal pose. I sigh with power.
I step back on boot heels while releasing the tension from a girly eyeball standoff, breaking our nasty cross-stitched sword gripe, then Rita charges like a raging bull while two-fisting the sword above a messy set of blonde hair roots. I hold my sword horizontal to the rock and protecting my rib cage that protects my heart using a T-pose with Telekinesis while keeping a Greek Athena-status cutie-position as Rita hits me once, twice and then thrice into the middle of my blade with the outer edge of her sword.
I move backwards on boot heels from each powerful strike, not quivering from each deadly impact, since I can hold this stance and absorb the battle for years…naw…for hours with my awesome T-bubble around my petiteness. One, I am protected, and two, I cheat by using a T-zap of Telekinesis slamming back Rita’s sword into the air and over a sweaty blonde forehead. She grunts and groans like a wounded and dying wild animal from both exhaustion and defeat. I sigh with strength.
She plows her metal into my metal with all her might of body muscle and bad BO as I scoot boot heels one more step back. Rita releases a storm of fury angry when I perform a side sweep using a right sword to my right side…clever pun. Anyways, I slice and cut, by accident, of course, a wooden pole in half, holding the Royal purple fabric tent upright.
The pole, the tent material, and that particular cut rope tie gracefully drop on top of a dumbo Dirk while he sits inside the oversized golden chair, clapping both hands and observing with both eyeballs the deadly duo in action. I giggle when Rita tosses to her left the sword down onto the limestone rock with a lovely musical ting then dashes on boot toes to a draped covered beast…naw…man.
Dirk yells for help with some muffled verbal words, but they can be some more specific vile verbal words as I laugh my pretty ass off while the recording nosy news Nbots float around butthole Dirk. The tent material violently jumps up and down like scary ghosts as the Nbots record the silly event. The Pbots try to un-tangled in the netting, ropes ties, and thick cloth when I roar with jungle queen cat laughter. Rita pulls and drags a long heavy pike axe for a manly hand, not ten female manicured finger nails towards the fallen purple material as every lip in the universe quivers laughing a fool head off.
Rita has successful ripped the outer material with a three feet hole as Dirk doggie crawls on fours  (palms and boot toes)….retrieving his Royal “pain in the rear” from under the downed bedroom purple drapery curtains that match his Royal bathroom robes as I laugh my pretty ass off. I bend on one knee hugging breasts into a waist trying to suck more air molecules into a tight throat with an open mouth, giggling and snorting like a wild-ass boar.
Dirk gator sneers while cockroach crawling on the hard bedrock, not looking at me as Rita drops on kneecaps then tenderly wraps her two lean biceps, two hands and wiggling finger pads around Dirk’s collar bone. She assists him to pretzel out of the lavender bathroom robes then Dirk stands and dog snarls as I muffle my giggle. I sigh with satisfaction.
I’m very happy and pleased with my stellar performance and the nasty visual sneer nicely painted on a pale face of Dirk, priceless. Nbots flutter from the opening hole like a swarm of metal butterflies while vocally and visually data recording everything in eye sight view.
Pbots work together and quickly fix my mess tucking and making swirling curly-Qs of the torn purple material around the upright poles, moving the throne chair towards the front, in case of another accident. Dirk sits inside the soft padded fabric. “Continue, Noblettes,” he yells in tenor saxophone as Rita swings a body to the left then runs towards the edge of the out limits green wooded forest lands.
She retreats? Hides? Escapes? Laughs? I stand in stunned silence narrowing eyelashes while shifting eyeballs side to side at the weird queenly or queerly behavior.
Rita squats on kneecaps then jerks and pulls using my T-spy of Tele eyesight, yanking on two handfuls of a big bold batch of dead yellow weeds from a small patch of dry tan-colored sand and tiny green grasslets.
Ah, precious! The manly sword must be too heavy for her tender soft palms and nicely red-painted manicured hands while wearing her fashionista red fabric home-made gloves, matching her red silky jumpsuit while I dog sneer with jealousy. I sigh with jealousy.
Rita stands as I stand and stare with eyeballs with her twirling and swirling yellow weeds and green plants and leaves. No. She’s swaddling dried yellow and fresh green flower vines green ferns being wrapped around the blade of her silver sword. Then Rita swings a body doing a girly run towards one of the hovering Pbot.
The only one hovering robot holds a small lighted torch of fire. She’s going to twirl the sword like a flaming baton. Cool! I wanna do that, too while intriguing eyeballs watch Rita slowly march on ruby red sneakers towards a bouquet-shaped fiery fire of yellow, blue, and red flames.
Pbot extends its metal limbs out to Rita when she slowly flings the sword towards the fire then the vine-covered with yellow and green plants to the flames. Poof! Fire. Red, yellow, and blue fire brilliantly burn into flames spread over the dry yellow and green leaves, a hot flaming sword. Very ingenious!
I swing a face seeing a grinning and giggling Dirk. “Great! I’m going to burn to death.” I sweetly moan while being foiled, again. The love birdies have planned this little stunt. Rita swings a body and a flaming sword to me then screeches like a red-tailed hawk with ear-piercing noise. I back step from her and Dirk as she advances slowly in sneakers holding the fire away from her clothing like it might catch fire. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
I know use one of the twenty-six alphabets and go to plan “b,”  “c” or “c.” Nothing! I can’t think of anything. I sigh with fear.
Rita leaps, kitten-like brushing a fiery sword in a side cross movement at me as I duck like a chicken shit then waddle on bend kneecaps like a duckling, backwards from that fierce swing while missing my sweaty silver hair roots. And Rita replays the unsuccessful swing action, missing me, again. I don’t laugh, since the fiery red, yellow, and blue flames are to, too, tooting close. Too hot! Too bright! I back step on boot heels while avoiding being toasted.
Then Rita hesitates, smiles and stares directly into my stunned face as I link, connect, and Tele into her open mind. The end of the match.
I violently react while plowing a folded right fighting fist into her exposed abdomen while angling a flaming sword above her blonde hair roots for a finale deadly strike on me. Then, the sword and Rita fall tumbles like a tumbleweed and fall backwards to the ground. Of course, a tiny patch of green grass catches fire.
And Pbots are quicker than a blinking eyelash before my eyeballs as robots fly like hyper-speed for water in matching silver tin pails near the table and then zoom swiftly back while hovering and surrounding Rita, the sword and the fire, dousing the flames.
The fire’s gone. The flaming sword’s gone and Rita’s gone. Just kidding! She sits like a watered flower pot in a muddy puddle of red dirt and clear water dripping wet droplets from hair roots to sneaker. She gator growls and dog sneers, highly irritated. I sigh with aid.
“Good bot,” I purr, smiling as Pbots pass Greek statue me taking twin rattling matching silver pails back towards the table. Rita slams folded fists around her clothing like a two-year-old toddler wanting more chocolate cookies with a distorted face then fumbles ten finger pads around her cute red jumpsuit over a red T-shirt. Then she swiftly pulls a golden shiny six inched-dagger from a side pocket. Another illegal weapon!
I mentally though the rules were very simple and very clear use a weapon given to kill your opponent from the available weapons table. I sigh with cheating.
Rita twists and pretzels a body holding the dagger in a left fighting hand then stands. She slices the gold dagger up, down, and sideways in the air while slowly advancing sneakers to me.
“Here we go, again,” whining like I stepped a right thigh-high fashion boot in robin bird shit. Since, I did along with other wildlife shit piles. I swing a face seeing Dirk clap and smile at us mentally noting he’s a very sick noble.
I swiftly grab a left wrist with my right fighting hand with a T-stop of her inertia using Telekinesis before the dagger slashes my freckles into bloody ribbons as Rita hisses like a snake while mouth spitting wet icky saliva into my freckles. Yucko!
I hold her left wrist in the air with a wiggling dagger dangling into my face then gently T-punch a folded right fighting fist into her exposed guts, since Rita seriously needs to learn some defensive boxing moves. I giggle as she bows at her waist like a peasant to Princess Starra.
I torment for fun. “Good move, but no prize, Rita!” I jerk the dagger from a wiggling finger pads since this is a Death Match. One lives, one dies!
That ain’t going to be me to die, not in this time line, Rann and I are getting along great. I plan to keep the momentum going on and on and on and slash at her left rib cage with the dagger.
Red blood spurts from a stomach soaking into ruby red clothes, creating a dark maroon spot, since I only maim her from maiming more. Because, Dirk loves her, first, not me. He’ll save her, first, and then do harm to me, second for harming her, first. That’s makes perfect sense to me, ya’ll!
Rita stumbles and tumbles backwards on sneakers from me while folding arms and covering a minor flesh wound with both hands. Rita swings a painful face to Dirk and mews like a weak kitten in alto clarinet. “Kill her, Dirk.” I sigh with impression.
Rita bleeds over the grass, her hands with exhaustion and stills has energy to command Dirk, kill me. So, the true plot has been revealed, since I am the true target as I scoot boots towards the edge of the 220-feet limestone cliff. Since Dirk’s going to shoot me right off a naked cliff in front of no eye witnesses. Because, I bet the Nbots are mal-functioning. I sigh with termination.
Everything is fine. My Tele senses ping with silliness.
I don’t think so, since Dirk is staring at me while giggling and smiling with a maser rifle leaning its stock butt against a throne chair.
Dirk slowly stands, lifts, and flings the rifle into both open palms, since he actually knows how to fire a maser rifle. I sigh with doubly impression.
He usually gets a stupid highly paid pawn to do his dirty wet work for him, benefit of being the Emperor as I always watch my guy, Rann in fighting action.
I watch with eyeballs Dirk casually strolls like a plantation snail towards me while Rita painfully limps on two sneakers paralleling his lavender bathroom robes parted by fifteen feet while bowing her hair roots to me like a peasant. I back pedal on boot heels towards the edge of the limestone cliff. Everything is fine. My Tele senses dink.
I ignore my Tele senses, since my emotions are too emotional because the final conclusion of the match is death for me. I sigh with instant death.
Rita is hurt and bleeding all over the ground and her jumpsuit, but Dirk loves Rita. He has wanted to marry her, since the first time line. Dirk stops on my left side, then Rita slumps towards her gut wound, growling like a tigress on my right.
“Pbot?” she demands as Dirk doesn’t stir. Pbots and Nbots silently hover in place, “Dirk?!” Rita mews like a weak kitten.
“The rule is very simple. The most injured of the Empress-in-training candidates dies.” Dirk smiles and stares at me. I sigh with intrigue.
If Dirk follows the rule, that means as Rita shouts, “Pbot?” Dirk swings a smirking grin at Rita.
He commands. “I am so sorry, Viscountess. You are the most injured party,” twisting a cold barrel tip of the maser rifle in an aiming position at Rita then fires. Zap! A blue ray hits Rita directly into her chest cavity, right into a heart organ.
The blast impact swings her body around into a half-circle as she staggers backwards pacing away from Dirk towards the tea table cliff, hugging arms around a bleeding chest. Then she stops and tilts her tallness two feet from the edge. I sigh with kitty-cat curiosity.
Dirk steps and stomps forward on boot feet, shouldering the weapon on a left collar bone then flings a right fighting hand and violently shoves an open palm hand into Rita’s right collar bone.
She falls. “Ahhh…,” screaming in surprise as I quickly swing a face viewing a blur of red departing against solid gray. Rita dead body descents, plummets 252-feet, 4-inches of the cliff and lands into the rough sea shore, below.
She dies. She is dead. She is not alive. I sigh with deep confusion.
I neck snap a face seeing a smiling Dirk. He looks at me. “Congratulations, Starra! You won, my dear. You’ll make an excellent Empress of the Universe.” Dirk quickly approaches, smiling. “Let’s not waste time with ceremonies and platitudes, Empress. We’ll get hitched, now.” He grabs my left hand, jerking the sword from a right hand towards the limestone bedrock. Clink! He twists his body towards the ship dragging me along like a misbehaving child.
I’m stunned, numb, and getting married. “I don’t wanna marry you,” mewing like a kitten.
“That makes two of us,” he turns a face and grins.
“So, where are we going, Emperor?” I ask.
“Come now, Starra! I thought you were smarter than that. I suggest using your skills, talents, special powers. O, wait! Your Tele-powers that ya call them,” he dog sneers.
“The wormhole,” puffing out the words, like a bad piece of shrimp.
“Your Tele powers gave you away, dear. No citizen in the universe possesses four Tele-talents, not even me,” Dirk chuckles, hurting my right forearm in pain while pulling me to the carrier ship. And I can’t fight him. Okay! A lie. But, I’m really tired and tried from the Empress challenge this morning and afternoon, ya’ll. I really want to eat and rest and sleep for 20 hours.
“You knew,” whining like I stepped a left fashion boot into an old pile of red bird shit, while we advance closer towards the ship. At least, I’ll make the floor carpet smell for both our nostrils.
Dirk doesn’t stop his inertia using his Telekinesis and tosses weak me into the passenger side of the ship with the hatch door open. He struts around the rear of the ship as three Pbots hold maser rifles between metal limbs at me. I sigh with doom.
Dirk folds his lavender bathroom robes into the pilot’s seat, since he can fly and fight and frustrate me. “Of course, I know. I have known from the beginning. My universe was whole, once, undamaged and unchanged, until the arrival of a foreign catalyst, an alien.” Dirk mouth spits on the joystick with both disgust and angry while igniting the engines. He allows them to warm.
“You know that, also,” whining like I clean a left fashion boot heel with the puke green bird shit into the carpet stinking up the cozy cockpit. Dirk nostril inflame from the terrible odor lifting the carrier into the air waves.
“Yes, I know that and more.” Dirk replies while flying us and the carrier off Commerce and towards Planet Bonita.
“So, let me take a wild guess here! You’re to toss me a going away party for becoming your empress,” saying then laughing with amusement, since I am trapped but smarter than Lord Creep. I sigh with killing time.
Dirk laughs, “Very good, Empress!”
“You sacrificed poor Rita to get me as your pretend wife, so’s ya can kill me for the hundredth….,” dumping my words, when a sharp tenor cuts off my sentence.
“Don’t worry. Rita will return!” Dirk smiles and shares.
“Don’t bet on it, bubba! Based on my systemic analysis of the time lines, they don’t come back. Period,” updating with some really bad news for me. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele senses ting.
Sticky straps of thick brown leather burst like whipping rattlesnake tails from my passenger side pockets, very well securing me into the seat and the carrier ship, foreverly to await a horrible fate.
“Compliments of Viscountess Rita of Tech World,” Dirk dog sneers flying us towards the wormhole.
“Rann’s coming for me,” verbal attacking since I’m too tired and too tied to physically assault, giggling with victory.
“Rann!? Rann!?” Dirk repeats.
“Yessss,” hissing like a snake. Rann monitored the Empress-fight…(giggles)…without the use of Nbots. Since the Nbots were showing some of the recorded make-pretend fight…(Dirk smiles)…I know you, too well, buddy. Rann knows our location. Once, he has defeated your Royal Honor Guards…(Dirk smiles)….Rann’s flying in the zipper as we speak.” I taunt with the correct truth tapping a T-probe into Rann’s active mind. Rann’s coming to rescue me.
Our paths continue to cross in each alien time. Rann does not exactly know why he’s interested in me, but he just is. I sigh with true love.
cold black outer space. wormhole. afternoon. “As I explained before in previous time lines, you are the reason for multiple changes within the original universe. You have to be returned to your own galaxy, in order for my universe resuming a normal space and time continuum.” He lectures.
“You are Emperor of the citizens. You control the universe. Why bother to kill me? I haven’t done anything to you, Dirk. I tried to be your little friend. I saved you from the exploding ram ship.” I highlight some dang good deed for releasing me from a wet and sticky chair while axing the coaster ride into the mouth of fiery wormhole, again.
“Oh, please.” Dirk mocks.
“So, it was a trap for me, but I did pretend to like you, even thought I really hate your guts.” I sing in fluttering flute while struggling with the sticky straps from both pain and exhaustion.
“Flattery will get you, nowhere, but the wormhole.” Dirk quotes and laughs his butthole off.
“I don’t understand. Why must I die?” I want another lecture of my life versus the time line, since the eighth alien time line is going great for Rann and me.
“After you return to your home galaxy, safe and sound, on your home planet, I’ll be able to kill Rann. He cannot be conquered with you hanging around protecting him…(chuckles)…Can he? That makes my mission too tough.” Dirk updates as I cut eyelashes back to Dirk.
“I’m right. You have been trying to kill Rann, since the first time line. May I ask why? Since I’m going to back to my home galaxy?” I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity, because there is more that Dirk has explained to me. Since, I disobeyed Rosa and didn’t do my homework assignment in the first alien time line reading the red Book, the secrets of the unknown universe.
“When you entered our universe as the catalyst, you changed one citizen in this universe. Me! I am able to see who you really are, an alien. Being the brightest Tele-student Lady Rosa has ever taught plus with my talented Tele-powers, I come to remember all the events, the incidents, and …(chuckles)….the accidents from all the previous time lines. And I come to remember you, alien. If you haven’t figured it out, no other citizen recalls your girly fashion trends in our shared past history, alien. You’re endowed with the catalyst ‘charm.’ I’m enduring the catalyst ‘curse’.” Dirk lectures, “The curse allows me to float back and forth in time lines attached to the universe. But, you, however, remain fixed in time, just riding it out like a Resort ocean wave.”
“I must admit. That’s an interesting quantum theory, Dirk. How did you figure this out?” I ask.
“The red Book, the one Lady Rosa gave you in the first time line. You never follow instructions, do you Starra Starbuck? The answers are within the pages of the Book like a riddle.” Dirk comment and corrects in that assumption. I never do my homework or my assignments.
I’d have figured it out in the first time line and solved my big problem with ease and a deadly maser, once and for all. But, I’ve been trying to kill him like a fool.
Dirk is the catalyst curse and I am the catalyst charm. Good citizen. Bad citizen. Angel. Devil. Right. Wrong. This is a fight of good versus bad. I sigh with confusion.
I must die and he must die. So, we both must die to end the space continuum. I sigh with possibility.
I don’t want to consult my Tele senses, being too attached, too emotional, and too furious. I inject with a dog sneer. “Hold the comfone! You and Rita were discussing that same theory, a couple of time lines, ago. I didn’t understand her statement until now. She mentioned fixed and variable time elements along with the word, Observer. The Book mentioned that a forecasted ‘Catalyst’ will appear, but another citizen will be selected as the Observer. The Observer is a recorder of the future changing events detailed in the Book….(view Dirk)…That person is you.” I conclude as Dirk grins for the invisible photographer.
“You do read some of your assignments, but not thoroughly. You’re correct. I’m the Observer.” Dirk agrees.
“The universe selected you based on all your Tele-powers. You’re the best student of Tele-metaphysics. That’s why Lady Rosa was training you to replace her as the new Observer.” I remind while piecing some of the puzzle together, probably the hands and arms.
“I’m impressed. You might not follow directions, but you do listen. You have a very good intellect on your shoulders, alien. I suggest using it to get yourself safely home to Planet Earth after I toss you back into the wormhole. Where you really belong?” Dirk patronizes.
“I disagree,” whining with a meekly girly tone, since our hot wash conversations are theories, not actually facts.
“I belong in this universe and in the original space continuum. You’re intervened much too often within my universe while upsetting a delicate balance of the planets, nobles, citizens, events, and me.” Dirk chuckles.
I blast back seeing that we’re getting too close to the wormhole, “You mean your plot. Rosa said that you were greedy, ambitious, and vain. You wanted to play Emperor of the Universe, long before I showed up, Dirk. I did not create you. Your personality flaws existed, before I crash-landed Bonita in the Earth space ship” I cheerlead with my internal guts growling with rightness and alertness.
“Your Telepathy is remarkable, Starra. I’m very impressed with your Tele-powers. Too bad! Ya can’t stay and use them for a better humanity within the present universe. Alas! I don’t want you to be late for your next party appointment on your Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy.” Dirk dog sneers for fun as I shake my curls side to side. I’m learning slowly.
“Hold the comfone! Before my exit, how does Rann fit into your theory, your universe?” I inquire as Dirk slightly stiffens a right hand on the joystick within my acute eyeballs. I hit upon a slight nerve. Dirk’s slicing and dicing the theories like chopping a tree bark to fit them neatly into his universe, not the “real” universe.
Dirk thinks he’s going to be successful in this time line while I bite and bait him into giving me more data. Since, I didn’t read the Book with his knowledge. And I impatiently wait on Rann’s rescue. I sigh with deception.
Rann has a major role within the universe proving it and showing off his Tele-powers…way too much and too many times, without really knowing what he’s doing. Rann’s very successful in living, afterwards from each murder kill-incident set up by Rita and Dirk.
Dirk is the known element, and Rann is the mysterious variable, while I’m trying to figure the connection. I need to get my pink-painted manicured finger nails on a Book. I need more time. I sigh with urgency.
Dirk knows something else about Rann, but he isn’t going to divulge that to me, either. If I can keep him talking and off guard, Rann can have time to rescue me. Rann’s coming. I sigh with true love.
 “You’re hypnotizing your theory on data that I’ll survive the deadly heat inside the wormhole. I have died, before, Dirk. I couple of times as a matter of fact. I always return just like a bad red itchy rash,” laughing my pretty ass off as Dirk dog sneers then cleans up his lips.
“I…(pauses; smiles)…have compensated for my error in the previous time lines. I have had seven times before to think and to ponder a right solution to a wrong problem. This ship will travel fasting then hyper-space, actually hype-quantum speed.” Dirk tattles which is beyond my academic neurons but I fool him, always.
“Impossible,” moaning for annoyance. 
“You might burn a limb or two, but you’ll survive, alien. And your intergalactic survival…(chuckles)…will finally change the universe back to its original state of balance.” Dirk explains.
“Your universe!” I correct the wrong way.
“That too!” Dirk laughs his ass off.
“I’m trying to understand the logic in your theory. You can’t kill me in the universe, because I created a new time line with both you and me, reliving our dual night mares. If you send me back into the fiery wormhole without proper protection, I…(swallow)….don’t make it, Dirk. Then, I come back and create another new alien time line with both you and me to relive another dual night mare. But, if I arrive in the Milky Way Galaxy alive in some human ugly format while breathing a little bit of oxygen, then the universe reverts back to the beginning with only you in it.” I guess, good as Dirk god sneers, not dog, either.
“I’ll give you a little help. When you arrive back into the Milky Way Galaxy, alive or dead, I really don’t care. The universe will be whole, again. This will include all your old alive and dead playmates such Rann, Bartholomew, Ty, Ray, and my alive and dead old allies Rex, Rosa, Dov, Tok, Ivy, and Rita.” He explains as I listen and learn.
“They’ll be all alive and well,” not believing his fairy tale.
“Just like old times, but, you won’t be here to see or celebrate with us, the true native, alien.” Dirk hisses like a snake.
“Now, I understand. You killed Bartholomew when he was king. It was his destiny over you to rule the universe.” I shout with revelation.
“Wrong theory! Actually, you killed Bartholomew. I was aiming for you. When you unexpectedly jumped out of hovering ship, which I found mighty impressive by the way, the maneuver saved Rann and yourself. The time path shifted, instantly. You caused the direction of a new time line.” Dirk informs.
“So, Rann is next in line for the Emperor-throne. It’s his rightful destiny to be Emperor of the Universe, not you.” I growl like a tigress. I sigh with truth.
“Smart girl! You finally get it right at the end of your time or should I say…your time line.” He laughs his ass off while maneuvering the carrier in front of the yellow, red, and blue fiery wormhole. I feel heat from the glass, metal, and heated leather around my petiteness.
“I’ll be back, Dirk,” dog sneering and struggling like a trapped housefly on sticky paper my hands, fingers, legs, and boots with exhaustion inside the leather sticky like molasses straps. I sigh with hatred.
“Goodbye, Starra Starbuck! This chat and adventure has been fun, thrilling, and exasperating for me. I’ll definitely enjoy my rest and my long term…kingly reign,” he grins and greets.
I’m not the real target, Rann is. Because, Dirk’s going to murder him, next. I have to escape, survive, and save Rann. Since, Rann won’t return into a continued alien time line with me, just like Bartholomew, if Dirk kills him. I sigh with suspense.
Ya’ll know, piloting an 800-miles-per-hour ship requires tons of mind concentration and eye ball focus or something might happen to go wrong, to you. Pace traveling also is a very dangerous thing as I giggle with a girly twang. I sigh with deceit.
I cut eyelashes watching Dirk’s ten finger pads fly over a gray leather console pressing rows of buttons and pushing up and down level switches. I note the ejection button, an oversized red square button next to Dirk’s right hand and located on my left side within reach of my long left arm spam. Since, Dirk plans to eject me into the wormhole with the slick cool metal armor built into my captain’s chair inside the carrier, compliments of a dead Rita.
The lower red button triggers my ejection seat while the upper red button does the opposite action. I’m a Tele, not a scientist.
Space star ships are equipped with a fast removal device in case of collision with other objects like the Wall, metal ships, rotating planets, hot sizzling suns or fixed structures. Dirk hovers a right hand over a lower red button, while I T-touch using Telekinesis while swiftly creating a slightly moving wind shear against the bow of the carrier. Then his hand slightly tilts to the left and up, instead of the right and down. Dirk quickly presses the button, not really paying close attention to his hand movement. He watches with eyeballs the fire rings then swiftly spots a single remittent from the deadly yellow and red wormhole while monitoring the ships’ heat and pressure on the delicate instrument panel. He plays dodge ball with the forming geometric prettily shapes of orange, red, and yellow streams and balls of fire. Therefore, he’s really occupied with stupid simply brain cells. I sigh with victory.
Like magic pixie dust disappearing into thin air, he and his captain’s chair swiftly eject into the dark outer rim of space in front of the wormhole, when the canopy of the carrier’s rooftop slides neatly open, then neatly closes, compliments of a dead Rita.
I laugh my pretty butt-hole off, since I live and Dirks lives, too, protectively surrounded by a slick cool metal armor around a pilot’s ejection seat. Because, I’m mouse-tattling on Dirk to Rann, then Rann will kick Dirk’s butt-hole off Commerce and right back onto Bonita. Then, I survive and marry Rann while living happily ever after in the alien time line, number eight. I sigh with true love.
The prettily wormhole’s plume of yellow, red, and blue swiftly and quietly dissipates into beautiful forming nothingness invisible shape right in front of my eyeballs. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers ring with alert. Bang!
The ship is hit with a red maser wave as I T-grab with Telekinesis the joy stick quickly steering the carrier away from a fiery circle. I sigh with confusion.
My bee_hind is still glued into the seat from the sticky ingredients coated on the leather stripes, not being able to shift a right pink-painted finger nail.
The ship tilts to the left with a streak of a red maser wave from another star ship as the name of my assailant hammers me, Rann. Rann has arrived within the geographically area of the fiery wormhole, thinking I’m Dirk.
“Stop, Rann,” shouting with a voice while trapped by leather. I search eyeballs for the comfone since I’m too emotional and too exhausted for tap and link into Rann’s active mind.
Dirk has removed the comfone, compliments of a dead Rita.
Rann slams the windows with a third ray maser wave at me, by mistake, with accuracy  as I build a Tele-shield using Telekinesis for protection around my petiteness anticipating another hard impact of the ship at defenseless me.
A fourth red ray blasts one of two running operational engines. Crack! I’m veering out of control in a free falling of a burning ship trapped inside a cinnamon smelling chair. Think. Think slow. Think slower. Since, I’m too tired to think fighting Rita at four different locations and using four different weapons. She has lost and I have won. I sigh with victory.
I’m drifting towards the gravitation pull of the wormhole then slam into the edge of fire. The window glass crack and flight wings burn. Hot metal moans while sizzling gears sing in a-flat within my eardrums. My ship accelerates, dropped into a soaring speed of deceleration while heat bombards my freckles. 
I T-scan with Telepathy at the ship monitoring the disintegration of metal parts inside my burning coffin. Hold the comfone! If I ejected his seat, I should be able to perform the same function with my seat, original plan for me. Dirk was going to eject me into the wormhole.
I will survive, since the captain’s chair is loaded with a slick cool armor coating, too.
I T-probe with Teleclairvoyance the hot melting controls then feel for something like another eject button on my side of the space craft. The button is gone, but the gear pole is intact, not for long within 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit of searing heat burning the metal casings, quickly. I T-push with Telekinesis at the tiny silver level into the rack. Slurp! No action! No movement! No ejection!
I’m still here. I T-push with Telekinesis at the tiny silver level into the rack, again. Slurp! Not working. The casings have melted into silver goo muddy pies. Therefore, I’m trapped getting hot, sweaty, tired, deaf, blind, and stiff. I can’t see, hear or breathe. Then I pass out into darkness.
Day 159. I sit, numbingly in my assigned seat and blind, purposefully with my eyelashes closed not moving, not thinking, and not praying. Since, I’m alive and thankful for the survival.
I un-belt the cockpit seat’s restraints while opening eyelashes and popping off the space suit helmet. Then, I leap, kitten-like from the chair seeing half of a pilot’s chair, but I’m fully intact along with long hair roots. I lean freckles into a console instrument panel studying with eyeballs and neurons a rough terrain. I sigh with surprise.
I see mountains on the left and a series of live green trees, bushes, and foliage on the right with a dry crooked narrow vehicle path in the middle of a dead brown planet as my Tele sense ping. Everything is fine.
I gallop fashion knee-high boots towards the space shuttle’s archway then leap, T-rex into the green grass. I point a body at the hidden object and whisper into my eardrums, “A structure that’s thirteen miles northeast of my position.”
I lovingly scan a bright yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky then eye burn the smooth brown soil, and blink my wet tears. I vividly recall meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces having traveled both space and time…here…nine times.
“I’m back….as the alien.” I shake gray bangs into eyelashes.
unknown universe. unknown planet. unknown warehouse. yellow sun. baby blue sky. no clouds. 88ºF. afternoon. I soldierly march on fashion boot heels up three wooden steps towards a big eighteen story-warehouse, empty, giggling with a silly twang. Since, I T-probed with Telepathy. That’s what it’s for, giggling then halt on fashion boot toes. I slowly reach with a right wiggling finger nails for the golden-tinted door knob then sniff the air like a doggie. Sniff! Sniff!
I shift and smell a right armpit under a right nostril leaving the limb hanging in the air. Yeah! Then I stretch and smell a left armpit while leaving the limb handing in the air. Yeah, more! I smell really bad after a dusty and snaky thirteen-mile haul inside an open-air two-wheeled vehicle from a destroyed space shuttle while crash-landed from Planet Earth. I sigh with exhaustion.
I reach with a right hand for a door knob then touch the golden-color, when lovely music and pretty lights attack my inner mind while seeing my past alien roles.
I am Starra Starbuck, five feet, one inch, weighs 95 pounds, one ounce with waist-length silver wavy hair, a triangle face, small gray pupils, a button nose, two apple cheekbones, and a cute cliff chin all wrapping in an exterior layer of golden tawny skin. I decorate with lots of golden brownish freckles on a 17-year-old body frame, being a Farm Administrator on Planet Earth, first. Then, I’m drafted by United Earth Government Official Peter Martin as a silly Tele-astronaut, second. 
Next, I stupidly travel the first Intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet, within a new galaxy using all my awesome Tele-paranormal gifts, Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance. Next, I seriously survive, alone, as an alien.
Time warped alien line #1, I am Lady Starra.
Time warped alien line #2, I am Commander Starra.
Time warped alien line #3, I am Bodyguard Starra.
Time warped alien line #4, I am Waitress Starra.
Time warped alien line #5, I am Warrior Starra.
Time warped alien line #6, I am Prisoner Starra.
Time warped alien line #7, I am…Encryptionist Starra.
Time warped alien line #8, I am…Empress Starra.
Time warped alien line #9, I am…Alien Starra.
“Stang!” I sing in piccolo music remembering my favored word from the various pass one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, and eight time warped alien lines, when something really miffs me off. I flare my nostrils open and closed then touch both nose holes with a right hand. Man, I’m not the only stinky thing outside the warehouse. There is something dead, here. I sigh with disgust.
And I ain’t cleaning any dead citizen cadavers, giggling with silliness. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers ting.
I hear low baritone noises coming from the rooms up the stairs from the visiting ill-manned guests…naw…natives. I’m the un-visited alien, giggling with more silliness. Now, I hear heavy foot falls on the steps. They must’ve heard me talking to me, not good.
The cool breeze shifts with a strong smelly odor from the top of the thirteen-story staircase into the grand room where I stand like a Greek statue with inflamed nostrils and swollen ankles inside my cute fashion black knee boots. Man, these citizens need a bath, really bad. I hope the water pipes are working, because I need a bath, really bad, too.
A light colored figure appears, solo on the top step as I sweetly moan in flute, “What is that?” I sigh with danger.
The citizens are not human. That thing on the step is not human. It’s a familiar picture of a yellow and tan colored jungle lion…naw...yellow lions that appear hungry looking for some food. And I look like a prime juicy fresh meat in a primitive animal mind. I sigh with imminent danger.
Here they come! I back step on heels towards the front door watching them advance down the steep steps towards me then hit the wood. I roughly pirouette on boot heels and twist a body towards a patch of thick green bushes on my left, far away from the building, a hiding spot. I frog leap, rabbit-hop then jump, T-rex using Telekinesis into the air curling kneecaps into my butthole. I shoot like an arrow over the top tree limb of a four-feet high green bush when boot toes bump into a small object on the dirt ground.
“Ouch,” the object yells in piccolo music, a five-year-old little girl hides behind the bushes with me as I squat on kneecaps cupping her into my breasts.
I softly whisper into a right eardrum filled with dirt, “Where did you come from?”
“Scared,” shouting in piccolo music as I shove her closer to my chest.
I softly whisper into a right eardrum filled with less, dirt, “Shh, quiet.” The lions roar in baritone music in the short distance from the front porch. They have found us, smelling us and hearing the child’s piccolo scream. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
“Ship,” the child points with a tiny finger pad on our side of the building.
“A ship,” repeating and following the end of her little tiny finger towards the object. I pickup ad carry the small child then T-dash on boot toes like a lightening bolt to the indentified ship. The hatch is open for me while placing her inside the single seat of a cockpit. She cuddles on the leather. The machine is cold and dead, then I-lift using Telekinesis the ship into the air slowly. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-power ignite along with the dang zipper ship’s three afterburners.
“Stang,” singing in flute while body slamming my petiteness and eating dirt to the far left out of a path of heated and hot waves of disintegrating fire. Someone has activated the engines. 
I lady buy crawl on fours (palms and boot toes)…away from the hovering zipper to the left when the ship launches into a 45-degree angle into the stratosphere with a remote control devise without me. I slap a face into the dirt covering both arms over a skull and closing my eyelashes, hoping my hair roots don’t burn off. I sigh with mystery.
I’m dead, man. The lions are trotting closer to me. I guess that I can run back around them into the warehouse and hide inside a wardrobe closet, but they do possess long and large sharp claws. The animals will find me with an acute sense of smell and tear the wardrobe closet doors apart with their claws because of my smell of sweat, salt, and fear. I’m not going to live in this alien time line. I sigh with doom.
Within the blue sky, a red heated wave hit the dirt ten feet in front of my eyeballs traveling towards the lead lion. The light zings then zangs then completely missing the lead mammal with the big claws and bigger yellow-stained teeth.
I lift a dirty face while scanning the sky with eyeballs then see a zipper buzzing the upper white cloud formation. It passes over me in a straight line directly towards my attackers. Some lions retreat. Some lions stop. Some lions move towards me. 
“Good try, buddy,” moaning my funeral music of flute. But, the King of the Jungle isn’t giving up his reign as three supersized drooling mammals slowly walk and stalk me.
I stand then fold into a fighting stance with one bare hand, a green tree limb from the dirt in a right fighting hand, and my Tele powers. If my Tele powers are working, ya’ll know, they sometimes get lost, when I get emotional. I’m really emotional, now. I sigh with death.
The three lion charge at me roaring with a baritone, so loud that I can’t hear the red birds inside the tall oak trees in the far distance when a blue light discharges in my freckles. I feel funny, strange, and numb.
I stumble forward on knees while falling on a face without stretched arms. My eyeballs can’t focus on a fuzzy figure in the distance, since I feel sleepy, tired. I close eyelashes, dreaming peacefully.
day 164. Planet Commerce. castle. property of Countess Starra. yellow sun. baby blue sky. no clouds. 81ºF. morning. “Good morning, Countess Starra. Welcome to Conference Day.” Bot, my housekeeping robot painfully pings with a joyous musical tone into a left eardrum and sharp metal tip into a left shoulder.
“Huh, what!?” I moaned with a fluttering sleepy tone and sleepy crumbs in my both eyelashes, not fully seeing the bot.
“The Noble Meeting is today, the first day of the week.” Bot hums.
“Huh, what!?” I groan with a fluttering flute while turning over and laying on painful left shoulder from the purposeful attack. I’ll disassemble the robot, later, after breakfast, after brushing my teeth, after a suntan pool time, and right before my afternoon ninety minutes of beauty sleep.
“Prince Rann is picking you up in ten minutes.” Bot hums when I jerk a face to see the opposite white-colored wall, not Bot.
“What! Why don’t you say so?” I yell and jump, kitten-like from the messy bed, wiping sleepy crumbs from both eye sockets. I stand in front of the wardrobe clothes selecting a pink formal gown for Rann, not the noble meeting, giggling with excitement.
“I will repeat. Prince Rann is picking you up in ten minutes.” Bot hums and hovers on my right forearm as I stripe naked then dress in a puffy aqua off-the-shoulder plantation dress with a smooth train for dancing, later tonight after dinner at Rann’s palace on Agri. I plant a small aqua-gem tiara between two earlobes with a little pain while fluffy my long gray hair around a naked collar bone. Bot hooks a matching aqua-necklace, a present from Rann while I locate a tiny pin-hole for the right aqua-stub ear-ring, another present from Rann.
“I have to learn how to set that bot alarm application,” whispering and dressing nice for my guy then giggle with silliness. I sigh with true love.
I stretch a left aqua-colored elbow-length along an arm slowly walking down the three-tiered steps of my castle from a dead and disintegrated Count Dov and Countess Bea. I’ll get to that part in a minute while leaving ya’ll hanging for my 411 information.
A smiling Rann patiently waits for my elegant sweeping grandiose entrance from the top step to the lower step holding a left arm for me.
“I’m so sorry for being tardy. Please forgive me,” smiling, flirting, and fluttering in flute. I grab and cuddle Rann to my right side, not ever letting go. Period. Rann wraps me like a Christmas bow into his vest and naked chest, chuckling and smiles.
He sweet breathes into a right eardrum, “We’re not late. The King is late, making the meeting long and boring. But, our sweet togetherness allows me to admire your beauty for a longer period of time, secretly in silence.” Rann winks a left eyelid, right at me while gently folds his left arm over a right hand then cupped his right hand over my right hand while leading us to the awaiting air ship. I sigh with true love.
My Ice Royal Honor Guard opens the front door of my Ice mansion on Planet Commerce while Pbot pulls the limo air ship door for me to enter. Rann dashes in a hurry around the bumper of the ship then slides into the leather seat from the other door held open by an Agri Royal Honor Guard. He’s the only gentleman in the universe.
We scoot and meet in the middle of bench of the Royal limousine, holding ten people and twelve pieces of luggage.
We smile, embrace, kiss, and won’t tell anymore. I sigh with true love.
Royal castle. King Dirk. Dirk finishes reading the last section of names for the Jubilation Day activities, tomorrow from his mini-bot then stops in tenor saxophone. He scans a bored face of each bored noble or noblette, “Any old business?” Silence lingers in the air waves for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds…then he drones, “Any new business!?” Silence lingers in the air waves for 1 second…2 seconds… then he smiles and announces. “I have a new agenda item.” This should be good, since Dirk isn’t making trouble for the nobles, as usual.
Rann sits…way close on my right side, gently touching my right forehand then tickles my finger pads with his left hand as I suppress a cute giggle. He smiles, a Royal noble of Agri and a role model for the citizens of the universe. Rann displays for all his intelligence, strength, dignity, and compassion, being observed, watched, and admired by the Royal subjects of King Dirk, every day of his Royal and exciting life. 
I’m the new kid on the block. Dirk had granted me the status of a noblette for saving the young girl’s life from the lion’s claws on Bonita. I sigh with rescue.
Of course, it was after Rann rescued me using a stun maser on the dangerous lions. The surrounding wave hit me, as well. I fainted from the blue sleepy discharge then Rann brought me to the hospital and watched over me for two days, until I was conscious. He told Dirk about my daring rescue of the helpless child on Bonita from the wild mammals. Dirk had no choice but to reward me a grand deed. So, I got a new noblette title in the ninth new alien time line, not my usual Bonita noblette, Lady.
I’m the new Noblette Representative for the planet of Ice, totally destroyed during the past wars.
Anyways, I can’t be the Lady noblette of Bonita, because she’s dead.
I flashback mentally into the eighth alien time line when Rita was murdered by Dirk in cold blood, during the challenge for Empress of the Universe event on a tea table limestone cliff. I was her opponent and won. Then, Dirk tried to kill me, as usual.
Therefore, I’m Countess Starra of Ice, a big white frozen blob of snow, ice, blizzards, dead furry animals, and frozen cadavers.
“The citizens have been through a great turmoil in the pass months. I want to lift their spirits.” Dirk rambles as silence lingers in the air waves for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says. “The Game has been a tradition on Commerce for many, many decades. Everyone loves the Sport. And everyone loves to attend the Sport. It’s the highlight of the week.” I know that, since every citizen knows that, too. The Book teaches that tidbit fact to every little kid on Uni as silence lingers in the air waves for 1 second…2 seconds…then he says, “Since, we have just experienced a great loss of our brothers and sisters, including some few nobles and noblettes along with commoners, I feel we should entertain our citizens. And I feel that the Game has diminished from its once grand splendor of the days of old.” Dirk comments. “The teams are not distributed equally in strength and talent.”
Tok reacts in baritone tuba while bobbing a brown skull up and down, “I understand you point of view, Dirk. For the pass four games, Sahara has not only won but flattened the player competition. As we head into the Championship days, the Golden Warriors do not have any worthy opponents to challenge them. It makes the Game…(views Rann)….boring. I receive comments all the time from my citizens, who didn’t want to attend the Game dinner and dance but rather visit the markets and then head back home to play.”
“Exactly.” Dirk nods a purple crowned-skull as nobles and noblettes softly mumble, not Rann.
“I propose the Game players get paid for both their talents and skills rather than volunteering for fun. I suggest a professionalized Sport for paying noble currs.” Dirk continues, smiling right at Rann.
“I like the idea, Dirk.” Tok bobs a brown skull up and down with the wise business idea. I admire Tok, living in the ‘real’ world. His planet and space stations are home for all types of characters in the universe.
And I enjoy the Game when a talented team is playing it can be exhilarating to watch. Ya feel the action. Ya hear the grunts of the players. Ya see the exposed flesh and bones. Ya smell the blood and bile in the air, an addiction, if’an ya like violent. And finally, ya taste victory or defeat, depending on the team your home planet represents.
Sahara wins all the time, since the players have the talent, skill, and guts. They’re highly trained from the Prison Duty Roster set up by Rann, making them invincible in battle on a ball field. Sometimes, too invincible! It gets really boring watching when the Golden Warriors are leading 55-points to 7-points by first way through the Game.
I flutter in flute, bobbing curls up and down like a farm pony and giggling, “I like your idea, too. The players are proud of the noble that they represent. But it’s not their home world they play for it’s the sport, the action, and the Game. It’s the kill the players anticipate, await, and attain,” then I feel a sharp ache on my right non-booted leg. Rann has viciously slapped my knee cap with a hard leather boot. I do not react with words. I simply reach down and pat a right cupped four finger pads on a quickly forming blue and black bruise using a T-heal of Telemetabolics to ease the pain and stop the wound.
“Thank you for your comment, Countess.” Dirk stares and smiles at me.
“You are most welcome, Your Highness,” grimacing and gritting teethe from wound. Someone appreciates me, my view of point, and my opinion.
“Done! The new Game sporting competitive tryouts will commence, immediately for one week, five standard day…(chuckles; scan faces)….Any more new business?” Dirk asks as silence lingers in the air waves for 1 second then he announces, “Dismissed.”
Rann swiftly stands scooting the chair from his legs then swiftly assists me by pulling my chair from the table and offering me his left hand, always the gentleman in the room.
“I don’t realize you enjoyed watching the ball games, Starra.” Ambassador Ty of Sahara stands on my left since Rann guards my right side, asking with tomcat curiosity along with a silly nose profile of giggles and smirks. No one’s inside my sky box with me to notice, since I need to get out more and socialize with the other nobles and noblettes, instead of saving my bee_hind from Dirk or saving Rann’s fine bee_hind from Dirk. I giggle while cuddling under Rann’s left armpit and.
I kick in. “It’s bestest, when the teams are tearing each other apart, tossing their opponent’s blood and guts...,” then feel a sharp right index finger tickle the fourth rib bone as Rann halts marching into his black knee-boots and.
He reprimands into my right nose profile, “Violence begets violence.” I drop a mouth like a hungry shark pondering who died and may Rann’s the universe’s philosopher and.
I counter-man in a sweet flute, “It’s just a game.”
“An event, I might add that teaches youngsters to solve problems using both physical aggression and mental brutality.” Rann lectures for all eardrums of standing nobles and noblettes.
“So does Dirk’s Royal edicts, but ya don’t see me lecturing him,” striking back in flute, when Ty snickers like a weasel along with the other smart nobles and noblettes, not Rann.
And I happen to know that Rann silently roots for his old team, the Sahara Golden Warriors in his generous heart. Since, he personally trained with cheek-to-fist fighting with a great degree of physical aggression and brutality, before becoming the boring Agri Prince.
“The kill, the players anticipate, await and attain,” Rann repeats with a twisted lips, ugly. He listens and quotes my monolog speech using the same exact words.
“Maybe, I’ll form my own Game sporting team,” both teasing and fuming at Rann’s ugly position of my great testimony. I’m well received within the noble circle this time line, not wanting to either challenge or fight with them.
“Your attempt would be most difficult and slightly redundant, since you are going to be Princess Starra of Agri. And you will rightly own fifty percent of the Agri Farmers.” Rann quoted.
“They don’t play, very well.” I smart-ass right back as Ty snickers like a weasel into my left eardrum. Then Tok viciously slap me with one of his burly large hands on my back as I-park with Telekinesis from plowing away from Rann’s bug hug with Tok’s innate brute strength.
“Way to go, Starra! If Rann does not want ya watching the Game, I invite you to join me in my sky box. I’ll have special seat waiting for you,” Tok announces for all eardrums. I sigh with pride.
Another person listens to me while swinging a smiling face to a sour puss Rann. He isn’t pleased, being jealous. He cares for me, his future Bride Princess. I sigh with pleasure.
Before I compliment Tok’s implied question, Rann responds in baritone trombone, “Starra isn’t my pawn. She can come and go as she pleases.”
Tok smiles and stares at me while avoiding Rann’s statement and sour puss nose profile, “My offer stands.” He taps booted heels for respect and then bows a fit waist to me as a fellow noblette.
I slightly nod my curls while graciously remarking, “Thank you, Tok! I’m touched by your precious offer.” I practice becoming a polished diplomat, not accepting or rejecting Tok. I do want Tok as an alley. And I don’t want Rann as my enemy. I respect Rann. But, we’re going to be getting married. He has to respect me and my irrational ways, being an alien. I sigh with alien.
day 165. Commerce. Auditorium. Jubilation Day. sunny sky. partly cloudy. 87ºF. afternoon. The day is calm and boring, as usual and the universe is at peace for once. Having Dirk as King isn’t my first choice of Rulers, but he’s sits a bee_hind on the kingly throne, arriving into the ninth alien time line. The bestest news of all, Dirk hasn’t threatened to mangle, maim or murder me. I sigh with lucky.
Dirk finishes reading the name from the last list when a gong sounds in c-flat. I present fish lips, ugly staring and pondering that gong, new additional to the new ninth alien time line. This time line is quiet. No attacks! No wars! No action!
Well, that isn’t exactly correct, since I’m seeing plenty of action, the fast and furious love relationship kind. I’m not complaining. Rann has wasted any time developing our brief introduction from sweetly friendship to something much more. I’m not just hearing wedding bells, since the church bells are being brushed and polished for our upcoming wedding. Next month!
I’m going married to Rann, next month as Rann works out the entire details. He enjoys bossing people around the universe. My only responsibility is to show up on our Wedding day in my Wedding dress. I don’t have to worry about missing that scheduled VIP event, due to any unforeseen circumstances. Ya’ll know, the many thieves, burglars, kidnappers, assassins, mercenaries or another other typical bad guy or gal type, who wants to harm my petiteness.
As soon as Rann had placed the eight carat sprinkling diamond ring on my fourth finger of a left hand, I was assigned a battalion of Royal Honor Guard Units for my personal security, safety, and protection, 20 hours per day, and five days a week. (That’s a Commerce day light saving time frame.) Actually, it’s a big pain in the Royal fanny, being guarded all the time, but, hey, it saves on laundry. I giggle with a girly twang.
Rann has been through this before with me, in the previous alien time lines, he doesn’t directly remember them within his clicking neurons. But, his Tele-powers are very intuitive about me. I love it when a man takes charge of my life and everyone else’s, giggling with love. I sigh with true love.
Our Wedding is going to be grandiose with parades, floats, balloons, banners, flowers, food, cakes, horses, dancers, entertainers, etc, and, etc, and etc, and etc. O, yeah, the parties, numerous parties and expensive, but Rann can afford it. He’s a trillonaire while I’m just a simple Countess of a destroyed planet with no citizens, no income, and no problems. I giggle with a girly twang.
I back step on summer sandals from the open window then swing a face while scanning eyeballs at my sky box filled with four food trays, consisting of meats, fruits, desserts, beverages, and finger foods. Man, I can’t eat all this food provided by my Prince from “Food World.”
Agri or nickname, Food Worlds feeds hungry mouths and empty tummies of citizens. But, my fiancé delights in over indulging his personal friends plus a pampered, spoiled beautiful fine girl friend. I, of course, possess three times the amount of food entrees inside my sky box, problem being I’m the only occupant inside my sky box.
“What a waste?” I moan in sadness lacking other occupants. Well, I’m not actually, alone, since my devoted and re-programmed Gbot keeps me company. Someone needs to eat all this food before it gets ruined. “Offer it to my Honor Guards.” I command in fluttering flute while staring at Gbot. I love giving orders, making me feel like a ‘real queen of the universe.’ I giggle.
“Your Royal Honor Guard Units from the planet of Ice have availed themselves, four times to the food trays. I have documented and recorded on my comlen.” Gbot hums as I giggle. I sigh with strength.
The Royal Honor Guard males and females are big powerfully built beefy body types, since Rann doesn’t scrimp on my personal protection of my petiteness with a pretty smile. The Royal Honor Guard females, alone, are only twice my height plus twice my weight. No citizen or bot in the unknown universe is going to mess, tease or talk to me with my personal little army guarding my petiteness. It’s so sweet and kind of Rann to think about my welfare, about time, too.
Ty told me in strict eardrum confident, of course, that Rann personally interviewed and tested each Honor Guard Candidate for brains, brawn, and bravery from Sahara. The best Guard Candidates are train, live, and work, there. Now, I have them.
Ty isn’t worried about the security of the Prison Planet, since the bestest and brightest Guard Units will return to him, after our big wedding. The arrangement is only temporary. Ty is another gentleman while accommodating his best friend and me.
I scan eyeballs over the auditorium and order, “Bot, take the food to the Commoners, downstairs. I wanna ya to start with the last row.” Gbot doesn’t hum but I buzz with fury, “I gave you an order.”
“Countess Starra, I cannot follow that order,” Gbot hums and hovers next to my right hand like a housefly as I swing a sour face at It.
“Why not?” Then, I neck snap a face viewing the citizens along the floor as they eat, drink, and make a big mess.
“If citizens want food, the Vendors in the back of the Auditorium provide a varied selection of nutriment.” Bot hums.
“For currs,” blasting back at the stupid bot and sliding my lips, left. Some of the citizens don’t seem to have enough currs to buy new clothing attire to the Jubilation Day event, much less for an assortment of expensive food and beverage from Dirk’s private Food Carts. The Food Carts line the south wall of Auditorium.
“I command you to take a food tray…all the dang food trays to the Commoners,” stinging girly fury at the seven-foot hovering trashcan with both hands parked on my new pink fluffy plantation gown with a thousand rows of ruffles.
“I cannot. It is in conflict with my programming,” Gbot hums. I sigh with angry.
“Very well,” saying and scream in piccolo music, “Guards!?” The closed door flies open faster than a zipper takeoff with six of eight Royal Honor Guards as the Captain leads, first and.
The Captain abruptly stops and parks center stage like a Greek statue while neck snapping a face side to side for the trouble, “Countess, is there trouble? Are you alright?” The big gals and guys follow behind their Captain as ordered by my prince, Rann for my protection. I sigh with true love.
I raise both palms moving towards his tallness and singing in flute, “No! No! I don’t mean to cause ya’ll distress. I was hoping you would carry…(points at trays)….these delicious food trays to the audience, below starting at the back of the line,” thumbing rudely a folded fist out the sky box window towards the auditorium flooring.
The Captain of my Royal Honor Guard Unit neck snaps a face while studying and staring at the food trays and then twists a body to face me. He walks to the open window while pondering my “princess” command. Rann has given me Guards with both bulging muscles and bulky brains. I might have to skip the higher IQ levels, next time. But, their primary job isn’t to act as a waiter, but watch over me. The Captain soldierly pivots a body while facing me then looks at his Guard Unit and.
He commands. “As you wish, Countess, every one grab a tray and follow me.” I sigh with delight.
The eight Royal Honor Guard Units under his command exit my sky box with two food trays in each hand as he walks towards the archway. I jog and waddle my plantation dress beside his right side, “Captain I do not mean to belittle your honor with menial serving duties. I would do it my…,” dumping the words, when a smooth tenor cuts off my sentence.
He stops and smiles at me, “We both know Prince Rann would greatly object. You’re a very generous and kind hearted noblette, the only one on the planet and in the universe. I’m deeply honored to know and serve you, Starra, personally and to share your kindness with the other citizens in the universe.” He deeply bows at the waist when balancing the heavy food tray in both hands then uprights. He leaves the room while shouting for my machine and human replacement sentinels. I smile. Wow! I’m popular in the unknown universe. I sigh with joy.
Boring, boring and more boring, I yawn with an ugly letter ‘O’ without covering my parted lips. Almost over, I’m anxious. Rann and I are going to Sahara for a pool party hosted by Ty. I love the sun, there, warm and bright. I get really deeply tanned.
“Are there any prisoners for trial?” Dirk shouts in obnoxious tenor voice. I always think it sad that a citizen is caught performing an illegal crime is called a ‘prisoner’ without being accused, trialed, and sentenced by the King. But, this is Dirk’s universe, not Planet Earth’s.
The Commerce Royal Honor Guard Unit slowly escorted a citizen from the lobby reception space deeply into the Auditorium while I lean a face, two breasts, and eight rows of pink ruffles out the open sky box casement in the middle of the row. “What is that thing?” I mumble, being the only alive and breathing citizen inside my sky box.
A new form of animal, the moving life form has long blonde hair, little tiny limbs, very small in body statue. I’m an expert on shortness, being only five feet, one inch high. Everyone’s taller to me, even the bedroom furniture inside my castle. The only citizen, I can point my chin down to, is a child, not the one who hits puberty, either. These days the teenagers are taller than I am, laughing my pretty ass off with my witty humor.
The twin Honor Guards stop with the small animal slumping between them with black iron binders on its hands and feet. “What is the crime?” Dirk asks with tomcat curiosity while staring eyeballs the criminal.
“Thieving, Your Highness,” the guard charges in baritone tuba while looking at Dirk.
Animals are wild. They technically don’t steal but scrounge for food within their habitants. This is ridicule creating a fantasy crime for an animal. Just dismiss us, Dirk, since I’m hungry.
“Explain?” Dirk orders while staring at the small animal.
“She stole an apple from one of the Food Vendor Cart’s at the market,” the Guard says.
“She!” I shout and upright a torso while I T-zap with Tele-sight scanning the animal more closely. It ain’t a small animal, at all, but a small citizen, a child. Some parent’s little innocent daughter stands upon the wooden floor in a pair of heavy black wrist and ankle iron chains. 
The child appears six years in age, well, that’s an Earth measurement. The folks here age very rapidly. I don’t really know how old the child is or anyone else’s age, but Rosa. She’s dead and carried her age with her into the stone grave. 
However, the child’s old enough to know wrong from right, stealing from paying. She’s a little girl full of fun and games, maybe dared or maybe a bit mischievous.
I’m not going to debate that hot topic. I’m the biggest offender of mischievous teen-ass behavior in the universe. My bad teen habits have gotten me plenty of opportunities for severe punishment. And I’m close to an adult, should know better, and should be punished for an illegal crime against the Crown, the citizens, and the universe. I sigh with teen-maturity.
She’s a mere child. Children are protected by the King of the Universe until their sixteenth birthday, reading from that Book. So, a child should not be standing in front of the King in metal heavy irons around her little ankles. I sigh with intense rage.
The more I debate this controvertible topic inside sharp neurons, the higher angry level emotions within a stronger heart. I sigh with intense fury.
Rann’s quick with a verbal response while shouting in baritone trombone from his sky box, right next to me, “Sire, as owner of Agri, the food markets and the business associates, I release the innocent child from all and any charges, immediately.” The audience mutters softly.
“Good job, Rann!” I yell, nipping the immediate problem in the budding rose petals. I, personally, am going to inspect the open markets on Jubilation Day from now on. Since this crime won’t be occurring any more, especially, if it’s related to a child.
Dirk stands and stares at the child from the throne chair then slowly waddles in his lavender bathroom robes towards the stairs while crying out loud in tenor. “The Crown recognizes the noble prince as the rightful owner of the Food World called Agri. But this crime is not in your planetary jurisdiction, Rann.” The audience mumbles loudly.
“What!?” I smart-ass while the word echo around my sky box, only.
“Food Vendor, please approach the Crown,” Dirk motions with a right hand and shout. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers ting. 
I really shouldn’t rely on my Tele-powers for logical reactions, since I’m so emotional charged, right now that I might purposely use them on Dirk. Too bad! I don’t right, now, he’d be a big blob of broken white bones and oozing red blood. I realize that visual sight will greatly improve his Royal appearance, giggling with silliness.
He has arranged this visual display for something, but I’ll find out. I’m hot on your bathroom robes’ Dirk. I sigh with purpose.
A short thin fragile Male with a balding head slowly steps from the rear of the Food Cart while walking beside one of the Commerce Royal Honor Guards. He twists a cloth hat between nervous finger pads.
Now, I completely understand Dirk’s comment to Rann, not Planet Agri jurisdiction. The Food Cart Vendors are located in the rear of the Auditorium, Dirk’s staff members or personal slaves, if you must know the truth. Dirk purchases the food at a very low cost from Rann then Dirk’s Food Cart Vendors sells the food items to the commoner. The currs go to Dirk, not Rann. Rann instigated this new concept since I read about it inside the Book from Agri. See, I do my homework, sometimes.
All the nobles have Books, big surprise there with interesting magical spells, just kidding with tid and tad bits of datum. Rann wants Dirk to have currs and fill his personal treasure chest as a business venture, so Dirk won’t be greedy like Rex, a brilliant plan for Rann and a misuse for Dirk. I sigh with disappointment.
I cannot tell, being too emotional, making my Tele-powers void, when I’m out of balance with the Tele-metaphysical world, Dirk might try to blackmail Rann for currs right in front of the citizens’ eyeballs for the little girl’s freedom. That’d be a first for Dirk, since he has tried and failed every criminal act inside the universe, murder, kidnapping, thieving, beating, and stealing. And that list only applies to me as I giggle in retrospect for the past eight time lines.
I ain’t the only noble or noblette thinking along these mental lines, since Ambassador Ty of Sahara has suddenly appeared in knee boots and flying cloak inside Rann’s sky box. They’re
whispering a set of secret words to each other as my vivid imagination jumps into overdrive, a gallant rescue attempt of the child and a fist fight with the Commerce Royal Honor Guards. I sigh with delight.
The Sahara Royal Honor Guards would pulverize the Royal body guards, since Dirk pays the poorest wages in the universe. He gots no currs, ya’ll. So, he gets the laziest, skinniest, and dumbest Rejects from the other noble solider inventory. Their simply Royal duty is to guard King Dirk and nothing else. Man, Ira’s boys and girls are sleeker than these rejects. I find it hard to believe that they found this child with their negative IQ’s, too. So, there’s a hidden mysterious Mastermind behind this sinful social act. Dirk wants something to occur. I sigh with intrigue.
“Is this the culprit?” Dirk asks the nervous Food Cart Vendor Male standing center stage of the throne steps. Dirk stands on the top step, not moving down towards the flooring as the audience coos, softly.
“Yes. This is the child, who stole an apple from my food cart, King Dirk,” the Food Cart Vendor Male slowly and softly words in baritone trombone while bobbing a skull up and down. He stares only at Dirk as the audience mutters, loudly.
“I sentence you to two days on the planet of Sahara for stealing an apple,” King Dirk decrees in tenor saxophone as the audience moans, softly. Then, one of the two Commerce Royal Guards forcefully jerks at the little child’s right forearm with his manly strength. She fall sideways on the floor in her metal bonds laying partially on her kneecaps as the audience grunts, loudly.
“Stang,” yelling in fury with the unkind injustice while Dirk accepts someone else’s verbal opinion without any hard evidence or reviewing all the facts and eye witnesses of the criminal case before a jury of their peers. I think of Earth justice, not Commerce justice. Dirk is judge, jury, and executor of justice and injustice inside his universe. I respect that yesterday, not today. You can’t convict a little kid stealing an apple. I sigh with duty.
“Stop,” yelling with a little Telepathic kick for all the eardrums of citizens and nobles to hear my deadly threat to Dirk, Emperor of the Universe. Then, I T-jump a folded body out of my sky box and deftly land on the wooden flooring using Telekinesis plus a Tele shield, of course, protecting legs and sandaled feet. I’m dressed in a circular skirt with hundred of rows of pink ruffles and four stiff crinolines under a skirt, a human safety net. Nothing’s going to hurt me, today.
“Do you have a comment, Countess?” Dirk grins with a wickedly smile from ear to ear as I walk in my plantation dress towards the little child.
“You bet, buddy?” I shout at him with my voice, before I kill Dirk with my naked hands.
“Starra..,” booming in baritone trombone from Rann’s upset voice, while I ignore him and his warning. He’s located inside his sky box, noting the direction of the shout. He dares not leave, missing the show down as I waddle side to side in pinky-pink towards the child, first.
The Royal sky boxes are positioned on the second floor, the entrance and exit requires walking down a long corridor and taking a single elevator or the single exit steps down onto the first floor. If Rann runs at a full horse gallop down the hall and then jumps down the flight of steps, he won’t see or hear what I’m about to do in the next five seconds. So, he helplessly stares with eyeballs from the sky box open window. I sigh with destroy.
And I don’t run and jump onto the stage strangling Dirk with my bare hands, since that’s “Plan B” if “Plan A” does not work. I walk. Okay! I waddle in my pink gown with the four stiff crinolines shuffling back and forth underneath my feminine under things to help the child, laying on the floor and crying.
I shove a left hand using a T-touch of Telekinesis at the tall Commerce Guard standing like a tree over the little girl, calling in piccolo, “Back off, man.” He swiftly back steps three paces from me.
I squat like a laying hen in the pinky-pink dress and gently pull the child from the floor into an upright pose. I wrap my arms around her petite body and hug using T-pop of Telekinesis opening and discarding the two pair of heavy metal chains quietly onto the floor. I whisper into a right eardrum, “It’s okay, now, sweetheart.” The child is half of my height, making my arms fit nicely around a thin body. Her body shivers and shakes with fear while snuffling back wet hot tears of fright. I stand behind her protecting from the guards, the King, and the universe while staring a n array of invisible fire balls at Dirk.
Dirk stares and smiles at me from the top step of the stage staircase, “Speak, Countess!”
“This child did not receive a fair trial.” I argue in fluttering flute as the audience coos, softly.
“She stole an apple. Stealing is a crime and crimes are punished. The King decides sentence then the sentenced verdict is served on Sahara. Do you disagree?” Dirk finely argues.
“Stealing is a crime. Crimes are punished and sentenced by the King and then served on the Prison Planet,” repeating, since we’re are arguing semantics, here. Get to the good stuff, Dirk! I’m losing my patience practicing to be a polished diplomat, since I’ll jump straight right into an angry Tele-girl unleashing my bottled fury on your Royal hair roots.
“This child committed a crime and is being punished. I decree her sentence on Sahara for two days.” Dirk reminds us all, being a bone-head ruler.
“The Book states that a citizen committing a crime should be punished and sentenced by the King. The citizen will serve on the Prison Planet of Sahara. However…,” pausing with my completed response. The audience groans, loudly.
“However…,” Dirk repeats my phrase with puzzlement.
I finish and smile, “A citizen must attain the minimum age of sixteen solar-sun-years to be considered a criminal, punished, and sentenced by the King on the Prison Planet of Sahara.” Told ya’ll! I read the Book on Sahara. I sigh with victory.
Dirk doesn’t know that one. I should be a lawyer, forget the ball team. I should open a law office on the Commerce and defend criminals, just to make Dirk mad. The audience cheers, loudly.
“You are correct, Countess Starra. She is too young to be labeled a criminal. However…,” Dirk counters with an evil smirk. I have gotten ya with the new information inside the Book. I win this debate, dude. The audience moans, softly. “A crime has been committed. Do you disagree?” Dirk asks.
“No!” I say, since I can’t disagree. The child has stolen the apple and the vendor is the witness. In Earth law and justice, these facts are still true.
“A crime has been committed and a criminal will be punished, sentenced, and served on the Prison Planet. Do you disagree?” Dirk says as we round back to first base after the foul ball.
“No!” I say, since I have no other facts to argue against Dirk’s logic.
”I decree that a Replacement for the child, who is over the minimum age of sixteen-solar-sun-years accept her crime, her punishment, her sentencing. The Replacement will serve her two days inside a jail cell on the Prison Planet of Sahara.” Dirk declares.
“Yes!” I say as the audience groans, softly.
“Who will replace the child for her misdeeds?” Dirk addresses the audience. I want to laugh, since a misdeed is a minor word compare to a universal felony, dictating permanent imprisonment. The audience is silence.  Dirk proposes, “I suggest a parent. Parents are responsible for their children. Do you disagree, Countess?” He views me.
“No!” I say, since I can’t debate the parental issue with Dirk. Neither of us have a pair of little monsters like this child, but a parent or a guardian is in charge of the child’s act and actions. The audience moans, softly.
A tiny voice squeaks from the right side of the bleachers, “I…I am her mother, King Dirk, Your Highness...Your...,” a tiny voice has a tiny body. Accompanying her tiny walk onto the floor is four other biological children ranging from a baby to a four-year-old child. The mother and the kids appear rail thin, pale, need clothes and all the food they can ingest. The kid deserves the apple. I sigh with fury.
“What!?” I smart-ass too loudly as the Mama stops and stares at me. I swing a face scanning the young Mama and her young children. They’re a part of Dirk’s slave pool.
Her tiny voice squeaks, “I accept the …”
I feel so ashamed and react with a streak of pure rage emotion of pity. I scream in piccolo. “No!”
“Are you not the child’s Mother?” Dirk acts with fade surprise.
“Yes, I…I am her Mother, Sire,” the young Mama mice-squeaks, again then the child leaves me while running to her Mama. The child hugs cries inside her Mama’s arms. I sigh with panic.
I clear a dry throat. “Begging your pardon, I mean, Your Royal Highness, King Dirk…,” dishing the Southern charm thick with a soup spoon, now. I need Dirk to be kind to the young mother and kinder to me. “With all due respect and admiration, the young Mother cannot possibly leave her home, her children, and her life to serve two days inside the Prison Planet of Sahara. His Royal Majestic, King Dirk with his great knowledge and greater heart might search for another option for both the mother and the crime,” pouring my fluttering flute and demure sweet tea tone in a purring voice as the audience mumbles, softly.
“An excellent suggestion, Countess!” Dirk nods a purple-gems embedded into hair roots with my slick idea.
“Thank you, most humble and respected King Dirk,” pouring a pound of sugar into the bitter tea as the audience mutters, loudly. Everything is not fine. My Tele-powers dink.
Dirk scans the auditorium with eyelids then returns eyeballs to me. “I decree you, Countess Starra replace both the young mother and the young daughter for her crime of stealing the apple.”
“What!?” I smart-ass as the audience boos, loudly. Well, I do have friends, but I also have enemies.
I swing a face to view Rann, missing. Rann has left his sky box and heading down from the round floor. because my fiancé is going to kill Dirk.
I’m not just dating Rann, just his girl friend. I’m his Fiancé with an eight caret diamond ring, honor guards, and a wedding license. We’re getting married, next month.
Rann viciously slam opens the side gray door while knocking the pair of outer Commerce Royal Honor Guards against the wall, unconscious. Ty and lots of Agri and Sahara Royal Honor Guards with different colored sashes swiftly trail boot heels behind Rann. Then Rann hears the extra boot toes and stops. He swings a body around and halts Ty and the flying army of colored sashes.
Then, my fiancé dashes boot toes onto the open flooring by his princely selfie while studying and staring at me. Rann isn’t smiling, but his handsome face is etched in both concern and worry. He, also, has replaced a black sash with a black utility belt, full of deadly weapons. The love of my life, Rann is armed to kill to Dirk.
 I have started another War, being too nervous to smile, too nervous to speak. I feel fear, very afraid of what’s going too happen next to Rann, Ty, and me in the next ten seconds. Several marching Commerce Royal Honor Guard Units of the Dirk’s lowly paid rejects bounce boot toes from the opposite side of flooring while jogging towards me, also. Rann’s faster while reaching me first.
My Prince quickly moves behind me placing his biceps around my petiteness like a manly shield. He lightly pecks a right cheekbone with a light kiss and whispers into a right eardrum, “Don’t worry! No one’s going harm you. I promise.” The audience cheers, loudly.
Prince Rann of the planet of Agri is still the beloved “Hero of the Universe,” while rescuing his Princess. I feel safe and secure inside Rann’s arms, since I have picked the right man for all the alien time lines. He’s going defend me with his life.
I whisper holding back my wet hot tears, “Sorry.”
Rann kisses left cheekbone. “I love you, Starra,” wrapping his biceps tightly around my shivering body.
This is my fault for playing the mental game Dirk created, since I fell for it and lost. I lose and Rann will lose. We will lose everything as the Commerce Royal Honor guards surrounded us. The audience boos, loudly.
One of the Commerce Honor Guards reaches with a slender pale hand then firmly touches Rann’s left bicep. “Go ahead! Give me a bloody cause!” Rann threatens while whipping a right bicep from me then grabs the smooth surface of the maser holstered inside a belt with a right hand. Then Rann pulls me closer into his hot and heated chest with a left arm. The audience boos, louder.
“Release him!” Dirk shouts, since the current Emperor of the Universe isn’t afraid of me. I have beaten Dirk and been beaten up by Dirk in numerous alien time lines, but messing with Rann is a different universal matter, all together.
Rann has friends, more than friends, friendly allies from every planet of the universe on both sides of the solar suns. Every one knows Rann. Every girl day-dreams of marrying the handsome, rich, strong, and talented Hero of the Universe while every guy desires to be the handsome, rich, strong, and talented man, the Hero of the Universe.
Dirk knows these true facts, all too well. He isn’t going to provoke Rann into a war since about 98% of the audience consisting of men, women, and children is ready to pounce on Dirk’s Royal Honor Guards, and Dirk to defend Rann’s honor.
“Rann, I know you and your beloved Starra are to be married, next month. You have displayed great courage, deep love, and eternal passion for your future Princess but…,” Dirk announces as the audience growls, softly.
“I am King. I have decreed the verdict. Starra is a criminal.” Dirk declares as the audience sneers, loudly.
“I will replace my future wife, Starra, in the jail cell on Sahara.” Rann blasts in a deeply controlled baritone trombone as the audience cheers, loudly. Great idea! I sigh with relief.
Anyways, Rann is the former owner of Sahara. The inmates love him. Rann and new owner, Ty treat the prisoners with respect, kindness, and honor like buddies. The inmates would never hurt or harm Rann, since the prisoners would treat Rann like a brother, would joke about his great noble deed and sacrifice for his new Princess. They would play numerous Conqueror card games in the recreational area and drink alcohol, all day and night until pass out on the floor.
I like! Rann can take the place of the young mother, the young child, and the young me.  If every citizen doesn’t love Rann, then they do, now. I sigh with pride.
Dirk sighs with a puff of tired breath, “I…(pauses; sighs)…have exhausted my decrees for the day.” The audience boos, loudly.
Man, I’m been set up, trapped, and going to serve a two days inside a jail cell. I sigh with fear.
Rann is both loved and respected in the universe, because he loves and respects the Crown, the King, the Citizens, and the Universe, too. He follows all the orders, decrees, edicts, and laws, without question. So, Rann can’t revoke, revolt or reverse Dirk’s decision. I sigh with fear.
Dirk is the King of the Universe. The King is the law. The law is respected. In this instance, the King is rude, mean, and lazy. But, Dirk is King, so Rann has to respect the King, not like it. Rann doesn’t like it one tid and tad bit, but Dirk hasn’t ordered an attack, an assault or any harm to come to Rann, without proper reason.
If the King of the Universe had shouted to the rafters, “Charge, kill or terminate, Rann,” The citizens would have reacted, charged, and fought along side Rann. Instead, Dirk yawns like a sleepy-headed baby and simply says, he is finished and tired for the afternoon. And the Jubilation Day activities are done while I go and serve my two days inside the jail. I sob with wet hot tears. I sigh with fear.
“Secure the prisoner,” Dirk shouts as the audience boos, louder.
The Commerce Royal Honor Guard reaches with five wiggling finger pads for my left forearm as Rann bug hugs me tighter into his chest. He whispers into a left eardrum, “I’ll come with you to the Sahara.” Then he turns a face, growling like a tiger at the approaching three Guards, informing in baritone trombone, “I’ll escort my Princess.” Rann uses my new title. We aren’t even married, yet. He wants the Guards to understand that I’m under his solo protection. No one is going to harm me or else.
“Prince Rann your assistance, please…,” Dirk voices the royal command then gently swings a face showing an ugly nose profile as the audience boos, loudest along with snake hissing at the King.
“What!?” Rann yells with total shock of Dirk’s command while releasing a tight grip from around my petiteness. I’m getting too hot, anyways or maybe I’m just plain scared to death. I sigh with fear.
“Prisoners have specific Royal protocol orders to follow. You are the noble of Agri. I have food shipments to discuss with you in my private Royal chambers.” Dirk returns eyeballs towards the exit door inside the stage as Ty rushes boot toes from the side gray door into the middle of the auditorium and. 
Ty shouts in trumpet tenor, “King Dirk…(Dirk spins around)…with your permission, I will personally escort the prisoner to her new cell on my world. I am, after all, the true first noble of Sahara.” He twists lips, right up into a nostril while wording in a calm monotone. Then, Ty bows at a waist to the Crown like a polished diplomatic as the audience cheers, louder.
“Carry on,” Dirk slowly body spins in lavender bathroom robes and whines in tenor as the audience cheers and claps with louder volume. He orders walking away from the chair, “I, King Dirk dismiss you on Jubilation Day,” disappearing off a stage as the audience cheers and claps while leaving the auditorium.
Rann tip toes around me, since my plantation dress is too wide to spin a body and sandals around a tight ring of Commerce Royal Honor Guards. He stands front and center while smiling with a deeply worried facial expression then bug hugs me while guarding me with two strength biceps trying to keep Commerce Royal Honor Guards at bay.
Ty and his white ironed and presses uniform tied with a prettily golden-sash Guards double timed it to my position then Ty shoos with a right hand at the Captain of the Commerce Royal Honor Guard. They leave our eyeballs while disappearing around the corner.
“I’ll be brief,” Rann sweet breathes into my face then planted a huge wet kiss on my pink- painted lips. We surface and smile goofy at each, then he bug hugs me, so tight that I think I might faint from a lack of oxygen into my brain cells. The audience hoots and cheers, loudly.
“Don’t kill him,” whispering into his right eardrum as Rann chuckles and.
He growls into my left eardrum, “Not today, but, maybe tomorrow,” dog snarls in baritone trombone.
“I love you a lot,” sweet breathing into his right eardrum.
“I love you more,” he sweet breathes then hugs me. I sigh with true love.
That’s our cute little saying for each other. Whoever words “I love you,” first then adds the words, “a lot.” The other noble returns the tender phrase with “I love you, more.”
Cuddling me in strong, warm, muscular arms, Rann swings a face to Ty, “Guard the Princess with every life on Sahara, old friend,” Rann uses a new title for me and an old title for Ty. He wants Ty to understand how much their friendship means, and at the same time, how important I am to him.
“Trust me. I’ll not disappoint you, old buddy,” Ty smiles and slaps a right hand on Rann’s left collar bone. Rann slowly releases the tender bug hug around my shoulders, not before giving me another wet kiss. We surface and smile goofy, then he slowly back steps on boot heels away from me while watching me with his dancing eyes and bright smile. Next, a left boot heel hits the edge of the step, where a hidden door leads to a private Royal chamber. Rann smiles at me, one more time then swings a body advancing into the dark opening and disappears from my eyeballs.
Ty holds a left arm to me, “Princess, I would be most honored,” using his noble etiquette as I smile grabbing his arm tightly while cupping both of hands around the limb for protection.
“I accept,” whispering, since I don’t know the proper Royal protocol for being escorted to a Royal jail cell. As a noblette lady, do I accept, cry, beg or laugh!? I sigh with panic.
Ty will protect me, since he has always shown friendly friendship and noble duty towards me in all the other alien time lines. Inside the ninth time line, Ty has proven to be a very good friend to me, too. I sigh with safety.
I have visited a jail cell on Sahara on a different number of occasions in my various adventures in the past nine time lines….(yeah, baby). And those were my fault, since I did something to deserve the jail time.
Not this time! This is not my fault, since Dirk has set me up and used me, purposefully with his devious plot. And I bet he has partners waiting inside the Sahara prison, somewhere for me. I have my Tele powers to use, display, and abuse them on any one citizen, who gets in my way, babe.
I enter the passenger side of the Sahara carrier as Ty scoots a folded body into the pilot’s seat. “Starra, I don’t want you to worry. We have special quarter spaces for nobles or…(chuckles)… noblettes. Once or twice a year, we do cause trouble. The King can order any citizen, noble, or commoner to jail for a crime. This is the Royal law.” I sign with knowledge.
I flash back mentally into a third time when Marquis Tok went to jail on Sahara for losing a fight to me. He was guarded for his protection, not his sentencing, since Rann was King and left Tok there sullying for two days.
“You performed a brave act, Starra. Dirk was unfair to both the child and the mother, even though, they were his servants. He’s wrong. He could have released the mother or the child, before the carrier touched down onto Sahara,” Ty shares. I sigh with embarrassment.
I didn’t think of that reasoning, protecting the child and mother from Dirk. “I was trying to help them,” whispering and sobbing without wet hot tears while studying my manicured hands.
“I know. The citizens appreciate your sacrifice. You’re young noble, Starra. Dirk enjoys playing mental games with all the nobles and noblettes. I’m glad that you’re marrying, next month. Rann’s an expert participant inside Dirk’s twisted Royal amusements. He outfoxes him, every time,” Ty chuckles.
“Ty, can I tell you something?” I word with a tight throat.
“Of course, anything, what is it, Starra?” He asks with sweet charming compassion.
“I’m afraid, truly afraid,” exhausting my tears and fears of confusion.
Dirk acts indirect attacking my person, in the previous eight alien time lines. Inside the ninth alien time line, he directly is both sick and evil, here. He is King, because, of the King I’m going to be trapped on Prison Planet. Dirk’s next scheduled plan for me is hidden in both dark and mystery. I cannot figure out his next move, being so emotional causing my Tele-powers to not work. I sigh with fear.
And I feel lost without Rann as Ty touches a left forearm, smiling. “I promised Rann to protect you. I will with my life. Please trust me, Starra!”
“I do. But, I am still scare,” flooding tears down my face.
Ty smiles and shares, “There! There! You’re young, Starra. Everything’ll be fine and dandy.”
Sahara. Castle. property of Ambassador Ty. dining room. blazing yellow sun. bright electric sky. no clouds.135ºF. afternoon. The carrier lands on the second tier of Ty’s castle where the dining and banquet rooms are located. Zbot opens Ty’s door as Ty jumps, kitten-like from the seat and runs around the bumper to me. He stands and holds a hand for me to exit the star ship. I firmly grab, hold, and scoot my petiteness with shaky kneecaps along the leather seat in the big wide ruffled pink dress. I wish I could change my clothes, but Ty isn’t married. Therefore, there’s no Ambassadress to exchange female garments with.
I’ll continue to wear pink layers of fluffy and hot ruffles, while the only other alternative is a pair of ladies jail call prison clothes. I really didn’t want to walk around the prison floor with those particular clothes, feeling and looking like a criminal, because I’m not a criminal. I didn’t commit a crime, since I was set up by Dirk. I sigh with fear.
Wbot spoons food onto my plate around a long banquet table as Ty pulls out my chair for me to sit. He offers, smiling. “I hope you’re hungry, Starra. There’s plenty of food, especially chocolate cake, princess,” chuckles and finger points with a friendly gesture to the dessert tray. Every friend and foe in the unknown universe remembers that I love my chocolate, in any form. 
Part of this delightful afternoon meal is one of many pre-wedding parties at the swimming pool on Sahara, today. My personal luggage bags are packed inside Rann’s zipper, but he’ll bring my clothes, in a few minutes, after finishing the “pretend business” with the evil King of the Universe. I sigh with loneliness.
Ty smiles at me between bites of food, being so kind and gentle, since I feel frazzled, depressed, and very sad. I sigh with pity.
I gingerly lift a golden-tinted fork in a right eating hand about .001 inches from the tablecloth then bang with a musical ting of a-sharp on the delicate bone-china plate while nitpicking at my food. I feel not happy, not hungry, not calm, but safe. Ty makes me feel comfortable and secure. I’m very pleased that he has personal escorted me on the ship and to the planet while he smiles between bites of food. I sigh with loneliness.
I cut eyeballs to the comlen on a floating Wbot as Ty remarks with encouragement while cutting up the meat, “He’ll come, Starra. Dirk’s going to delay his departure until Rann concedes to his wishes.” That’s an entertaining working theory. I sigh with intrigue.
“Is Dirk blackmailing Rann?” I ask with kitty-cat curiosity.
Ty laughs his ass off, “Blackmail’s a very strong term. Dirk and Rann are…(pauses)…at odds with the food shipments. They’ve been debating the issue for a couple of months, now.”
“Why?” I stick my nose up Ty’s ass.
“Rann wants to reduce the cost of food for the people.” Ty explains.
“That’s a great idea. Rann’s very smart and generous with his currs.” I compliment.
“Unfortunately, the cost will reduce the Royal treasure chest for Dirk’s Royal non-functional silly programs. The King will receive, less currs.” Ty comments.
“That’s not a great idea.” I say.
“Rann has offered to supplement the difference in the cost with his own personal currs.” Ty states.
I smile, “Rann’s a nice man and a good noble.”
“Dirk does not want to accept the offer.” Ty bursts my pink bubble gum.
“But, it’d help all the Citizens of the Universe.” I sing in piccolo.
“You’re correct.” Ty remarks.
“The young mother and her children need help. They need food. I wanted to help them.” I fight for the innocent.
“Starra, you’re a very nice girl and a good noble, also.” Ty compliments.
“I guess that’s why I verbally attacked Dirk. He’s obligated to help his slaves and his citizens.” I defend the innocent, again.
“Dirk’s King. He’s going to do it…(chuckles)…the hard way.” Ty chuckles and comments as I wrinkle a forehead, ugly.
I giggle and sum, “Ya mean, Rann’s going to outfox Dirk at his own game, reduce the cost of food, and donor the excess currs to the people.”
“Exactly,” Ty comments and chuckles.
“It’s a good thing Emperors aren’t elected in this universe. Rann’d dethrone Dirk in a heartbeat.” I proclaim.
“Exactly,” Ty comments and chuckles.
“I know that I’m a young noble. Why would Dirk reject Rann’s generous offer? Is he afraid Rann will try to take the Crown from him?” I laugh my pretty ass off with that grand idea.
“No,” Ty remarks.
“That’s ridicule, anyways. Rann doesn’t want to be King, ever.” I giggle, “He wants to marry me, have children, and live happily on Agri.” I exclaim my dream.
“Exactly,” Ty comments and chuckles.
“If I know this and you know this, then why doesn’t Dirk know this?” I ramble.
“He’s sick and twisted, Starra. You saw the audience’s reactions to Dirk’s nasty kingly commands. All the citizens hate him, except for the ones he pays.” Ty remarks.
“Wow! This is a real political nightmare.” I declare while staring at Ty enjoy his lunchtime-meal.
“It is,” Ty comments.
“Ty, what does any of these political issues have to do with me?” I ponder and wonder while staring at Ty eats his food.
“I didn’t know. Dirk’s attacking you to get to Rann. And Rann’s very upset…and very angry that you’re being targeted,” Ty comments.
“I told Rann not to kill him,” giggling with my sweet advice.
Ty laughs, “I cautioned him, myself with the exact same verbal warning.”
“He’ll follow our advice. Right!?” I worry about Rann blacking an eye socket then jailed without me seeing him.
“Dirk will not be killed…(pauses; smiles)….today.” Ty chuckles while I laugh my pretty ass off. These were the exactly same words Rann had whispered into my ear.
I cannot believe my excellent hearing as my sharp mind clicks with the same outrageous murderous mental thoughts. I know the hidden secret, the citizens hate Dirk. The nobles hate Dirk. Ty hates Dirk. Rann hates Dirk. And I especially hate Dirk. Therefore, we all hate the King, planning to overthrow King Dirk. Almost all of the Citizens of the Universe are plotting to dethrone King Dirk, the Ruler of the Universe…naw…the mean and rude Ruler of the Universe. I hope we wait until after I finish my dinner. A coup! I sigh with masterstroke
I feel happy and hungry while stabbing the meat with a fork in my right eating hand and a scoop of cake with a left eating hand. Then I stuff the steak, first into my mouth chewing with delight. 
The food is delicious and fine. I swallow the lump of meat then follow by a sweet chocolate dessert for fun. Everything is fine. My Tele-powers ring.
“You eat a lot of food for a Lady noblette, Starra,” Ty comments and chuckles.
“I know,” verifying the compliment or insult with a mouth full of food. I’m really hungry. I missed breakfast. I stuff a tummy while scraping a plate of chocolate icing off the rim. The lunch-meal is good and filling then view with eyeballs the comlen on the wall, five in the afternoon. I sigh with concern.
Ty watches and worries over me, just like Rann. “Rann’ll be here, soon.” Ty announced.
“I know. Patience is not a virtue with me.” I update with a fake smile.
“Would you like to see your room?” Ty asks and smiles.
“No,” singing in flute while shaking curls side to side as Ty smiles and stands from his chair. HE moves behind me and assists me out of my chair.
“I’ve prepared a nice noble suite for both Rann and you.” Ty holds a left arm for me to grab. I grab it with a firm gripe for seeing my jail cell as a Prisoner Starra.
“A noble jail cell,” correcting the soft phrase for my eardrums, only.
jail cell, fourth floor, afternoon. We snail-walk up four flights of a hard marble with golden flakes elegant staircase, the prison cells. The Sahara Prison Guards salute to as Ty salutes back. I ignore them with eyelashes spotting the golden tiny flakes between the hard white marble. I sigh with prisoner.
“Rann insisted on being on guard duty, tonight with you.” Ty explains as I neck snap a face in shock.
“Guard duty!? But, I thought. I mean, I think that I’m safe,” whining like I stepped a left summer sandal in a spider’s web. I did, being Dirk’s silky lavender spider’s web.
“You are. This is just a common noblette formality.” Ty smiles and recovers. I sigh with suspicion.
We snail-walk through a set of open double door archways leading to a corridor painted in sparkling gold, shiny and quiet. Ty gently pulls me to the left side of a wide hall and finger points, “Guard Station, Guard Station, and Guard Station, the same number and parallel each other on both sides of this long hall.”
“There aren’t Guard Stations at the other end.” I ask with kitty-cat curiosity.
“It’s a duplicate geometric pattern with the individual Prison Cells between the Guard Stations on the opposite end of this hallway. But, we aren’t going to visit in that direction.” Ty explains.
The horizontal wall ahead of me holds three separate doors. A Sahara Honor Guard from Ty’s personal noble security team opens the left door on the wall, “Your suite.” Ty announces and smiles. The room is very nice, tastefully decorated in gold furniture, bed linens, colorful manual reading books, and other electronic and fun entertainment things.
“Very nice,” I comment while sinking my kitty-claws into Ty’s naked arm, since I don’t wanna be here. I wanna be at the swimming pool with Rann drinking cold sugary beverages and splashing in the water. I sigh with prisoner.
“This is the external Prison Guard’s Monitoring Station. But, tonight it’ll be Rann’s private sleeping chamber. I’ve added some sleeping furnishings for him.” Ty clarifies as we enter a secondary room behind the external chamber decorated with the same golden theme.
“This is your chamber suite.” Ty updates and smiles.
My room is three times bigger than the Guard’s Monitoring Station with gold furniture and items. The bed is three bigger than Rann’s, also. I feel really bad. Rann’s a tall guy for me. He stands five feet and eleven inches to my five feet and one inch frame. He’s going to be crunched into a smaller and shorter bed mattress, cuddling his tallness into a kitty-cat ball. While I’m living in the lap of luxury compared to his sleeping compartment in the outer office area.
“Thank you for the tour of suite. This beautifully decorated room is far too big for me. Rann should stay here. I’ll be very comfortable inside the smaller space and will fit more nicely, also.” I giggle with my excellent suggestion.
Ty sours a face with a deep baritone, “Starra…(pauses; no smile)….this compartment was selected, just for you. No one can come through…(points at west wall)…that wall…(points at east wall)….that wall or these windows without the external guards, human and machine knowing. Rann will be in the next room. No one is coming through these doors unless…,” dumps the words, when a sharp alto cuts off his sentence.
“Thank you. I completely understand,” bobbing curls up and down. I sigh with fear.
“This arrangement is for your protection, Starra. Rann ordered it.” Ty tattles and I believe.
“If my fiancé ordered it, then I’m not going to disagree with Rann,” accepting the extra protection of my petiteness. I sigh with danger.
“Good girl,” Ty smiles and kisses a bare right hand of knuckles like a good gentleman as I nosily sigh and deeply breathe planting a fake smile.
I honestly lie, “Well, I’m really mentally tired and emotionally exhausted. I’m going to take a little nap. Please wake me when Rann arrives.” Ty smiles and bobs a blonde skull.
“I’ll do better than that. Rann will awake you, when he arrives.” Ty remarks.
“Yes, that’s an excellent idea.” I smile moving towards the big circular bed mattress as Ty back steps from me towards the archway.
“Don’t worry! He’s probably on his way. The rest will make the time pass more quickly. Good night, Starra.” Ty smiles and remarks.
“Thank you, Ty. I’m very grateful and appreciative for your company.” I offer, smiling.
“My pleasure and my service to you, Princess!” Ty slaps boot heels, together and bows at a fit waist to me. He back steps into an empty hallway then swings a body to the right departing my noble suite in the prison cell on the fourth floor of the Prison Planet in the unknown universe. I smile with his sweet name, “Princess” in honor of our upcoming wedding to his best friend in the universe, Rann.
I wish Rann and I could marry today, tonight, now. I miss Rann. I wish him, here with me, but I do feel safe. And I’m full of good food, giggling. The catnap’s going to be wonderful after the day I have had. Rann’d return soon. Ty says so and I believe him.
When Rann awakens me from my slumber, we’ll take a late evening swim in the pool and stroll on the sun roof, enjoying the quiet evening, together, alone, in the bright romance moon light. I close eyelashes dreaming of Rann, giggling with happiness.
yellow and pink sunset. I awake, seeing no hovering face or machine over my petiteness. Instead, I hear loud bells, shrieking whistles, and piercing alarms attacking delicate tiny eardrums along with a bitter smell to both nose holes. Smoke! There’s something on fire. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers ding. 
I jump, kitten-like off the bed mattress, still dressed in the Jubilation Day outfit of a pinky-pink ankle-length formal gown and wearing my pink jewelry, gifts from Rann. I slip matching pink summer sandals on naked feet while skipping and hopping on one leg at a time out of my private bed room and then the outer Guard’s Monitoring Station room with no Rann? No Ty? No Guard protection?
I scan down the end of the fourth floor corridor using Tele-eyesight, seeing numerous small and large separate red and yellow fires. Both Bots and Guards are fighting a wall of hot tall flaring blaze with white and black smoke filling the hall, quickly. In a few more seconds, the entire hallway will be engulfed in nasty un-breathable air molecules and we will die of smoke inhalation.
I have to do something to help the prisoners escape. That’s a stupid pun, Starra!
I gallop like a race horse to the nearest prison cell down the path of the smoky hallway then violently jerk with ten finger pads on the metal bars, “Stang! It’s locked.” I yell to the trapped and desperate Male inmate. I T-skip down the entire smoky hall using Telepathy and discover all the prison doors are both sealed and locked with an unknown lingering kitty-cat question.
The trapped prisoners are screaming and yelling at me from within their smoky and heated prison cell with no guards as my eyeballs scan for the missing Guards then a Male prisoner shouts some instructions to me, “The main handle, drop the handle to open the doors.” He finger points with an extended muscular right forearm loaded with colorful tattoos towards one of the Guard Stations.
I T-dash with a Tele-run to the Power Control Panel smashing the dress into the cool marble then touch both hands to the gear box, cold. I slam open a vertical door with a right hand seeing the metal handle is gone, missing. The handle level hasn’t been completely sawed, hacked or whacked but removed by a tool screwdriver. The loose screws line the pocket of the door casing with an unknown lingering kitty-cat question. I sigh with dread.
This is a first class sabotage against me, but I ain’t going to be the only burnt victim, today. There’s not a remnant, stub or stump to hold or jerk down an embedded handle pin opening all the prison doors, simultaneously.
“Stang,” singing in flute, since we’re all going to die. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
I T-level using Telekinesis a right index finger nail even with the handle pin then T-touch with Telemetabolics an invisible…(yeah, baby)….hot heated wave from a right index fingernail and grab the inside mechanism metal pin of the moving rotor, very carefully. The heat from my Tele-gift of Telemetabolics is used to mend and heal a cut body and flesh bleeding tissue and bone parts. I can accidentally solder a single metal pin into the metal rotors, together like closing a bleeding wound. Then the mechanical part will be cemented, permanently in place and only the removal of the internal embedded casing will allow a citizen access to the inner control mechanic metal mechanisms…(like them ‘m’ sounds…)I slowly shift an invisible handle down until it clicks with my Tele-eardrums.
The bars pop. Ping! The cell doors are unlocked. Squeak! I swing a body galloping on four-inched summer sandals to the unlocked first prison cell jail, being unlatched, not functioning. Think. Think fast. Think faster.
Lack of power! The entire electrical, mechanical, and chemical systems of the huge prison complex is solar energy from a great big shiny yellow sun, close enough to burn colored retinas. The solar sun plus the moon beams does not stop generating heat and light, continuous on Sahara for 20 hours each day and 300 days a year (that’s a Sahara time).
I T-ping using Telepathy scanning the inner guts of the solar controls housed inside the Engineering Room on the first floor. Some one has cut into and off a series of spider web black cable feeding all the solar batteries. I’m not an engineer, I’m a farmer.
I flash back mentally when I lived in a solar ecosphere, Starbuck Plantation on Earth.
I flash present mentally that all solar batteries have to be re-charged, since the batteries are the conduits harnessing and harassing both heat and light while transporting an invisible heated solar energy source into a metal piece of steel for physical movement.
I T-probe the mechanic metal switch, housing hundreds of metal and glass conduits for operational functionality, if the Saboteur hasn’t physically stolen them, like the gear handle. The solar-re-generation is going to take hours, maybe days for to replenish the solar batteries into a steady electronic charge. Since, the mansion is a nice piece of square footage.
The heated fire’s coming and the white smoke’s thickening as I roughly cough. Because, we’re all going to die. Don’t panic, Starra!
Go to “plan B,” manual labor when I swing a body and run into the smoke and fire…(yeah, babe)…then I T-shove with Telekinesis the first of many, many more heavy metal doors to the side with a right hand plus T-power. The weight shakes and shimmies worse then my knocking kneecaps, back and forth. Boom!
“Move,” screaming over the roaring fire and blinding black and white smoke as the Prisoner swings a face and runs in the opposite direction and.
The Prisoner yells, “Thanks!” I two-step on summer sandals then slap the metal to the side with repetition while roughly coughing out the gathered sips of smoke between a Tele-shield, being too emotional and excited.
“Help me,” yelling to the hovering Bots and Sahara Prison Guards in the far distance using a Tele-kick of Telepathy enhancing my voice and dumping into a very panicky mind. Then I run criss cross the flooring and throw open the next prison jail cell door, open one at a time as prisoners successfully escape from the fire while crying, screaming, and yelling down the clear hallway.
Some of the prisoners volunteer to assist me, but lack my Tele-powers, since the metal steel doors are a lot more heavier than its looks. The Bots easily open a prison jail cell door using one of its mechanical rotors plus metal steel strength, but the fire spreads, too quickly coming down an empty hallway while encompassing both prisoners and guards. The Bots are enclosed and surrounded by white smoke and yellow fire supervised by remote control voices of the Sahara Prison Guards.
“Help! Help!” A Prisoner shouts as I T-pinpoint the alto shout and then dash on sandals to the particular prison jail cell. I halt and stare with eyeballs into a jail cell room with an open steel metal door then realize the female Prisoner is trying to drag a larger female Prisoner from her prison jail cell bed mattress towards the open archway. But, she’s not making any foot print progress.
I yell, “Wounded…over here,” with a T-kick of Telepathy for some Sahara Prison Guards as one of the Guards tiger leaps to my side, and I finger point, “She’s injured.”
“Got her!” He screams over the roar of the machines, heat, and smoke.
“Go!” I order then race sandals back to the Guard Station at the opposite end of the hallway for fresh air and cool body cover. The red heat’s intense and the smoke black’s thickening then I roughly cough from the lack of clean oxygen.
I crouch and squat on kneecaps in the wall corner under the main control box then T-scan with Telepathy the entire hallway down to the other side of the Guard Station, carefully searching for an overlooked or hurt Prisoners. I sigh with doom.
I feel death lingering in waves. Some Prisoners have expired. Some Prisoners are almost expired. Some Prisoners are suffering overcome with smoke or fear, drawing two breathes of life. They’re surrounded by black smoke, intense red flames, and whitish-blue heat. I can’t help them. No one can help them. They’re located beyond a safe line of heated fire drawn and guarded by Ubots.
Some robots are useless, as well. The metal robotic outer shell of steel can’t survive an intense 2,000 Fahrenheit degreed heat from the continuous yellow and red hot fires. Some robots are metal melting while dropping gooey parts into the fire and water on the floor. I T-scan backwards toward me. Clear! Clear! Clear! Clear! Wait!
I sense a Prisoner with the jail cell door shut as she shouts for her life. The jail cell door is open but jammed. So, I enhance my Tele-sight seeing the metal bars are jammed by three fourths of the distance inside the jail archway frame. The female Prisoner is a big boned girl with a set of massive shoulders, two big arms, and two powerful muscular legs, an athletic. Based on her body size she can’t fit her body frame through the small opening.
Realizing that one of the cowardly Sahara Prison Guards assisting me has left her to die, and when I find out that particular Sahara Prison Guard then I’ll rat-tattle-tail to Rann. Next, Rann’ll beat his hindie black and blue. I sigh with fury.
I T-slide with Telekinesis the jammed door open appearing like magic to a naked eye as the female Prisoner doesn’t hesitate the leaps, T-rex out the heated jail cell onto a hot melting floor. She dashes on golden-tinted sneakers down the fiery corridor with the speed of Resort lioness. She’s fast and quick on her big feet. I’m impressed, very happy. The Prisoner’s a healthy female and reaches the Exit Door, safely. The black smoke’s thickening and the Bots are mal-functioning from the heated fire.
My eyeballs are red and watery, making me dangerously blind as my gown with the cute rows of pink ruffles is seared from the red flames and holds gathered gray ashes. I’m a walking fire hazard, snorting like a wild-ass boar. But, if a hot red flame hits my cotton dress, then I’ll catch fire. I Tele-sight no guard, no prisoner, no bot and no body has been left behind.
“Time to leave, Starra,” whispering for my eardrums, only, since I’m not the only smart citizen, who has figured out the problem with the electricity flow. Two of the Sahara Prison Guards have drilled a large wide ugly geometric zigzag hole into a locked and sealed red-colored Exit Door, since the solar energy is dead. I note Prisoners are shuffling one body at a time through the door for safety purposes, now, it’s clear and my turn.
Hiking a skirt and four crinolines up to kneecaps, I gingerly waddle in four-inched summer sandals over the heated floor while banging a set of heavy pink stones around a swan neck then cautiously step through a man-made jagged edge sharp opening, middle spot of the Exit Door. Rann is a very gracious and generous man with his gifts to me. I own every colored stone from the Sahara mines buried within the inner guts of the orange-colored caves in the form of every jewelry design known to a woman. Rann creates and designs them for me, of course.
I have necklaces, earrings, headbands, bracelets, rings, belts, and tiaras in different shapes and sizes. I have selected for today’s showcase at Jubilation Day a poufy pink ruffle dress, designed with Rann’s assistance. I sigh with pride.
The dress is shaped like a musical bell forming narrow at the collar bone going down wide to two naked feet. The bottom is wide and curved around a cotton skirt with rows and rows and rows of pink ruffles flowing upward to show off a tiny waist, a soft cloth belt tied with a big pink stone. The pink bodice is flat with no decorations of bows, ruffles or sequins and is sleeveless and fitted to my chest. The necklace shows off dark suntanned shoulders, if ya see them between the huge pink stones. The pink stones form a full circle around the neck, showing off me as the future Princess of Rann, giggling with a girly twang.
At the start of Jubilation Day, my arms are lined with a pair of pink elbow-length gloves while my body displays like a jewelry case with a pink tiara, a necklace, two earrings, and two bracelets. Near the close of Jubilation day, I had stripped the tiara, two earrings, two bracelets, and the gloves leaving them on the food table in my sky box. Since, my official noblette duty was finished.
I’m lucky. I had almost removed all my jewelry collection before I had jumped out a second story compartment onto the hard floor like a smart-ass superhero. Then I got into a hot and heated verbal illogical debate with Dirk, being unlucky. And I have ended up, here, in prison, after that hot and heated verbal illogical debate. I sigh with dumb-ness.
The emergency hard concrete foot steps are both dark and narrow. Ya’ll know, darkness is bad, but narrowness is good, since I’ll not fall too far in the fluffy dress, giggling. I see bright yellow sunlight shining through the Exit Door frame on the second level floor. Hurry! I gallop unladylike down the rest of the fire escape steps into the light. Plop!
I tripped over my big feet. Then I fall forward and quickly T-tuck using Telekinesis a round skull under a cliff chin while T-gliding into an awesome body forward roll due to the uneven distribution of a puffy pink gown and two four-inched summer sandals. I T-avoid using Telekinesis breaking my neck while T-landing on two shoulders blades and lots of back muscles upon a dirty but gold-polished granite, grunting like a wild animal then giggling for fun. I ain’t hurt but the cool air feels good to a sweaty and tired body.
The Sahara Honor Guards that Ty assigned to me, who have sworn promise to keep me from harm are probably having a series of small heart attacks, if they have caught with narrowed eyelids my funny circus performance. If I’m hurt, they don’t get many golden triangle currs from Rann or worse, a beating from my Prince. Y’all, see, I do know this unknown universe, since everything runs on currs, snorting with a wild-ass boar.
I peek-a-boo eyeballs over the bulky rows of ruffled pink skirt while hoping no one noticed that I tripped. I sigh with embarrassment.
I see the Sahara Prison Guards have formed a long human chain to contain any wandering wild-ass Prisoners. The Bots, with different beginning alphabetic letters such as “D,” “R,” and etc, are rearranging the prison furniture inside a series of smaller side rooms lining along a gold-painted empty hallway. This is the second floor.
My sharp mind accesses the schematic of the prison floor plans, a visitation area for the loving families to see and interact with the prisoner inmates, during the recreational and private time at the Prison Planet. A room measures at thirteen-feet high by thirteen-feet wide for two citizens plus small children to eat, read, talk or catnap as a family unit. A prison suite is open 20 hours per day, five days a week for a family and friend visitation.
This is a perfect backup arrangement for housing all the displaced prisoners, of course, being Rann’s brilliant design.
The wounded and burned inmates are being hand-carried in wooden cots down to the first floor for clinical triage and medical assessment by Bbot, coming from the Medical Ward as I gently lay a set of messy and sweaty curls on a hard cool granite floor, snorting then giggling with total relief of saving myself and the prisoners from the fire.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
“What’s so funny, Countess?” A deep husky alto voice reigns over my face as I blink eyelashes once, twice, then thrice open and see a female. A female Prisoner stands over me with a set of medium-length black hair and two dancing dark brown eyes while grinning from ear to ear at me. Hey, she only has one ear. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers dink.
This girl is ugly in her face with a rearranged nose, three missing teeth, and a black fabric patch over a left eye socket. She is both tall and athletic and aims a fully charged black maser at me. 
“You,” laughing my pretty ass off to her verbal smart-ass question.
Now, I understand Ty’s version of the over-protective safety precaution security protocols. She’s an assassin while I T-see with Teleclairvoyance (past history, babe)…a real true trialed, punished, sentenced, and convicted Criminal of the King Dirk’s justice system.
Making the female Prisoner in the right place, me in the wrong place since we should’ve never ever met, here, today, now. But, I’m half-way re-freshed and re-energized with my T-powers, while taking some T-butt-kick from the heated building fires. My Tele-powers are good enough to take her on, so I feel very sorry for her. I sigh with confidence.
I’m going to take all my feelings of fury, frustration, and fun out on this poor ugly stooge, who happens to be partnered with the other poor ugly Stooge #2 in the universe, Dirk. I wonder where the third Stooge #3 named Rita with curly blonde hair, giggling with silliness.
The Prisoner stands her tallness over me with two big feet planted between my waist then I swiftly feel shifting of air waves. Ya’ll see, the Prisoner/Assassin is about to do something really bad to me. So, I’ll rat-tattle-tail to ya’ll. The Assassin is going to raise a left leg and smash her soft fabric shoe leather into my tummy. Not today, honey!
Then, I swiftly execute a perfect T-kick using Telekinesis into her blinded backside with a left leg, plowing a left summer sandal into her sternum. Her tallness flies forward gliding like an Agri birdie while gracefully airborne towards the Exit Door archway. She hits it with a pair of extended muscular arms and two hands before marking a new black beauty spot on her ugly face. The maser weapon sails up the staircase inside the emergency hallway.
I jump, T-rex from the floor in an upright pose like a Greek goddess then swiftly T-twirl using Telekinesis facing the Assassin and the Exit Door. She slowly shakes long black curly hair out of a red swollen ugly face. I’m really miffed, now when encountering death. I sigh with revenge.
The assassin slowly kneecaps on the hard flooring with back muscles bracing against the door frame while assisting her tallness to stands. Wrong move, honey!
She can’t read my fighting stance inside a big belle dress planting two sandals feet apart in an offensive mode while readying to kick, punch, knock or hit with both pointy sharp sandals. The Assassin smiles with ease while drawing a gold six-inched dagger from a right thigh pocket of her golden jumpsuit. She displays entertainingly in a left fighting hand, a gift from Dirk. Dirk likes giving presents to citizens, as well as, killing them. She tosses the dagger into a right fighting hand. Not impressed, honey!
The assassin bull-charges snorting with a set of invisible stream of air and air-slices like an air guitar her shiny blade side to side, up, down, and all over the air space between her and me like I’m kitty-cat scared, ya’ll. I sigh with caution.
I watch and observe her careful snaky dance as air wave shifts around my face. The dagger rises up into the heavens, then twirls over her hair roots, and then pulls away from my face as I tire of her snake dance. I step a left sandal then T-kick with a right leg while direct aiming for her unprotected stomach.
She’s swift and better than my Tele-opponent, Huntress from Planet Earth while preparing for my planned physical body damaging maneuver. She grabs my extended right leg by an exposed naked ankle with her left arm muscle strength then severely jerks and twists her wrist to the right then re-twists my petiteness back to the left like a freaking professional Assassin.
I magical float and dive in the air for .05 seconds before slapping a T-bubble around my airborne body then painfully hit a hard floor on two shoulder blades and a poufy gown. I sing in alto, “Ugh!” Man, that hurt! I see a night sky of tiny stars colored in bright yellow and white lights within eyeballs. I sigh with pain.
I close my eyelashes then open eyelashes. The Assassin is presence while squatting on bent kneecaps coming down a folded body closer to me. She quickly slices the sharp dagger’s blade against my neck. I sigh with attack.
I feel an immediate constricted pressure, can’t breathe. I’m cut. She cut my throat. I’m going to dead as the tender sensation tightens, can’t breathe. I sigh with death.
I’m dead while viewing her. Ya’ll know, the ugly Assassin with the three missing teeth, a left eye patch, and one ear. I sigh with mystery.
I always imaged the afterlife different from this foto when the tight pressure around my throat released. I’m breathing in and out with a moving chest of air molecules. I don’t feel any throbbing pain as I wiggle my collar bone side to side. Ping! Ping! Ping! Ping!
My eardrums hear as pink round stones bounce like lazy rubber balls up and down along the golden granite around me in total happiness. Since, the Assassin had cut the dagger blade between a rope cord, holding all the pink stones of my big beautiful necklace. The string breaks with loose stones. I’m not dead. Everything is fine.
I react and swiftly roll to a right side while slamming a body into the side golden paint of the wall with two shoulder blades.
Then, I T-view the upcoming event with Teleclairvoyance. A tall figure barges through the red exit door hitting the Assassin and shoving her ass into a forward motion along with a flying dark body. The Assassin and the Figure both fall onto a hard floor.
I recognized the Figure, the athletic Prisoner with weaved hair and muscular legs from the trapped jail cell.
The Prisoner sails through the Exit Door like a zipper ship while sailing in hyper speed, since she is the last prisoner off the fourth floor. The Assassin wobbles and stands on two feet and faces me. I park like a cute cockroach…naw…a pretty ladybug against the gold paint seeing both the Prisoners and the Guards. The Assassin is really angry at me then squats on knees and grabs the Prisoner by the neck. Then, the Assassin lifts the tall Prisoner up and into her breasts while holding a live maser at the right temple.
Rapid movement on my left breaks my T-view within my mental mind as I twist a face seeing. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers zing.
I see with eyeballs a set of two tall Figures in the far distance clear on the other side of the room then T-adjust with Tele-eyesight for a better eye-view. Rann is here standing beside Ty and direct points a maser in the air with an extended right shooting arm.
Then I trace with eyeball his intended kill target, an ugly Assassin. The Assassin holds the female Prisoner near her breasts with her maser at the right temple, just like my Teleclairvoyance view. But, Rann has the cross hairs of a maser in line of fire, the Assassin and the Prisoner, whom I saved from the fire. Rann’s going to kill them, both. I sigh with panic.
Ty violently yanks Rann’s right shooting arm down to the floor then pulls his own maser from the hostler and shoots. His aim is both accurate and deadly towards the Assassin.
I swiftly react and T-jump using Telekinesis from the paint into the air then T-dash and T-drag the Prisoner, Ty’s target before the red wave hits and harms her. I T-jerk her and me with cupped hands and wrapped arms as we both soar like a zipper in mid-air and then crash, hit, and ping against the gold paint. 
I sing in flute, “Ouch!” Man, that hurt! The Prisoner flings off the paint then painfully land on top of my stomach in a horizontal position as my skull throbs with more a headache. I sigh with pain.
I’m not really hurt, can’t move. I see the assassin hit with a deadly wave in the middle of shoulder blades. The Assassin stumbles dropping a burning body over the floor in a vertical pose as her flesh skin and hard bones bubble and melt into pink goo. I sigh with sickness.
Ya don’t have time to scream out with verbal pain, during a red maser blast. The red simulated flame intensity is both violent and swift. The outcome is deadly. The results are terminally painful. She’s dead. I feel her body expire with the last breathe of life. I sigh with relief.
The Prisoner is half-conscious and half-stunned while still laying a horizontal pose over my legs. I sigh with aid.
My hero, Rann gallops like a race horse in hyper-speed to my rescue with Ty and four Sahara Honor Guards trailing three paces behind him. He arrives then violently jerks the Prisoner with a right bicep into the air then the body soars out towards side flooring and away from me. The Prisoner reacts swiftly landing a folded body safely on two feet upon the tile floor.
Rann drops to one knee and gently scoots a right arm cradling my petiteness into his chest.
“Are you hurt, sweetheart? Do you require a Bbot, Starra!?” He shows concerned and care etched in a handsome face while I almost laugh. I probably appear in need with a hovering stretcher carrying me into the Prison’s Medical Ward on the ground floor, where the Bbots are working on the burned inmates. I ain’t hurt, since my secret Tele-powers saved me, ya’ll.
“I’m fine,” singing in happy flute and smiling.
“I’m so sorry, princess. I was delayed. I should’ve been here. You’d have never been attacked. Please forgive me, princess!” Rann appears so sweet, innocent coupled with a deep worry about me. I sigh with true love.
“You’re forgiven, Rann,” smiling as Rann smiles then immediately feels better seeing and holding me with love and protection from anymore harm.
Rann likes to chit-chat since I’m happy, too, “Dirk’s new matches are quiet convoluted and complex. I find myself intrigued and annoyed, all at the same time. But, that’s not an important topic at the moment. You are alright. Can you stand, princess?” Rann cuddles me like a baby then viciously lifts me to stand on summer sandals like a Greek goddess statue. He wraps me in a cocoon around his body.
“Yes, I can,” and keep calling me, princess.
“Allow me carry you, princess?” Rann shifts hands around my body like he plans to lift me into the air.
“No, I can walk,” offering as Ty stands on my left while patting a little bit of exposed arm skin from a Teddy bear hugging Rann.
Rann swings a sour face Ty. “Where were her guards?” 
“Don’t question Ty? It’s not his fault,” whispering into his right eardrum in my bug hug.
“Not here,” Ty reacts while shifting eyelids side to side, “We need to talk about this incident.”
“Incident, this is not an incident.” Rann shouts in baritone and threatens his best friend, padding us towards forwards, “Where!?”
“This way,” Ty finger point then scoots his boot toes around us leading down the side rooms towards the end of the hallway on the other side of the Recreational Prison Space. Rann paces boot toes swiftly keeping up with tall Ty towards the room while dragging me along for the roller coaster ride.
“Slow down,” muttering between my oxygen breathes and loud whistles surrounding us. I should’ve let Rann carry me, since I didn’t realize how tired I was from a fire rescue, fighting an Assassin and saving a Prisoner. We reach an tiny Observation Room in fifteen seconds flat…(yeah, I counted)…A Sahara Prison Guard opens the wood immediately as we enter then quickly closes it behind us.
Observation room. “We’re leaving,” Rann walks forward away from then swings us like a dance couple facing to Ty, and shouting in furious angry in baritone trombone with me between his two biceps. Then, he back steps us like a giant monster towards the nearest footstool pulling me closer into a hot and heated naked chest. He sits an ass on the low footstool with me inside his lap, making us the even in height. He’s five feet, eleven inches compared to five feet, one inch.
Rann plants two manly hands around my tiny waist while hugging me and kissing my left cheekbone with some nice passion-action then whispered into a left ear, “Don’t worry! I’m getting you out of here. Since, it’s too dangerous for you to stay here.” I sigh with shock.
“Rann, you can’t. You know the Royal edicts. You wrote some of the rules. I cannot allow you to leave with…(pauses, views me)…Starra. She is a Prisoner.” Ty decreed as Rann removes a right soft finger pads then gingerly touches the square outline of a maser with the same soft finger pads. He cradles me with a left bicep.
“Rann…,” whispering into his right ear when the comlen on our left blinks into life. The comlen displays a smiling pale face Dirk, Ruler of the Universe. I sigh with gloom and doom.
“Rann…,” Ty finger points and call to attention as eyeballs twist to see Dirk.
“Excellent, both of you are there,” Dirk begins his next showcase with the nobles and noblettes.
“Dirk!?” Ty swiftly addresses.
“I have received disturbing comfones about…(smiles)…the Prison,” Dirk honestly lies.
“There has been a fire.” Ty remarks while bobbing a skull up and down.
“How unfortunate? Are any of the Prisoners hurt?” Dirk asks with duck lips, ugly.
“Some…,” Ty slowly addresses.
“Starra, I didn’t see you hiding behind Rann, are you alright, too?” Dirk honestly knows.
“My Princess is unharmed.” Rann answers for me while cuddling me into his chest for both love and protection.
“Good. I’m calling an emergency session of the Noble Committee, immediately. You are both required to attend. Sahara is not the only incident, tonight. There are explosions and fires throughout Commerce, Tech, and Resort.” Dirk explains.
“What about Agri?” Rann asks with tomcat curiosity.
“I wouldn’t know about the events on the planet of Agri. I’m not the…(smirks)…Noble in charge.” Dirk spits with rusty nails into Rann’s handsome face.
“I’ll report the current status of my planet during the Noble Committee meeting.” Rann updates while breathing with huffs and puffs of oxygen from excitement and frustration with Dirk, not me. Dirk.
“I expect so.” Dirk replies.
“Starra can accompany me to the Noble meeting. She’s a Countess and a member of the Royal Noble court.” Rann commands.
“I’m the Noble responsible for the planet of Sahara. I’ll be personally accountable for her actions during the noble meeting.” Ty adds.
“I do not know. It is highly irregular to invite a….Prisoner to the Noble Committee with the King.” Dirk comments and smirks.
“I give you my word as a Royal noble and gentleman to watch Starra.” Ty pleads.
“This is a highly volatile and dangerous situation. The other Nobles might be offended. Anyways, Starra cannot contribute to the disaster. She has no assets, no ships, no currs, and no citizens.” Dirk clarifies the position of the Crown. I’m a poor but proud a Noble lady. Man, that hurt my arrogant pride and super inflated alien ego.
“Starra’s assets go beyond tangible measured resources. She applies her generous heart, brilliant mind, sweet, kind, and gentle personality in aid to the citizens, the true assets of the universe.” Rann adjusts while bug hugging me tighter. Give me a tissue, please!
“My decision as King of the Universe is…(pauses)….no.” Dirk decrees.
“Dirk…,” Rann sings in deep baritone tuba then growls from the throat.
“Do you have any more comments…Prince Rann?” Dirk threatens better.
“No,” Rann sings in a natural baritone trombone.
“Excellent…(smiles)….I’ll see both of you within the hour.” Dirk orders.
“We’ll both be present, Your Highness.” Ty controls the heated conversation.
“Dirk out.” His face disappears from the comlen then it goes black.
“Stang,” Rann yells and releases me quickly then two-steps to the right and kicks the snot out of the small end table with a right booted foot. The object hits the paint then scatters into small wood along the floor in three pieces.
“I feel the same way, Rann. We don’t have time to debate the issue with Dirk.” Ty judge wisely.
I lecture from my heart with a smarter mind, “Dirk likes to play his mind games. Don’t let him win, Rann. If we…you and me…leave together…then you’ll become a criminal…like…(pauses)…The King will punish you …,” choking back the wet hot tears in a tight throat. Rann sits an ass back down on the footstool as I crawl like a kitty-cat into his lap.
I tender hug Rann’s neck will all my soul strength and arm biceps, since Dirk will kill Rann immediately in cold murder with any small kingly excuse. I whisper into his right eardrum, “The severest measures Dirk can order for you. Then I cannot live my life, without you, Rann.”
I didn’t say ‘could not,’ ‘will not,’ ‘should not,’ or ‘might not.’ Can is possession of a given right, power or citizen. Dirk will take away my possession, Rann. I cannot allow that action to happen. I note Ty watches me to see “what kind of girl I really am.”
My introduction, friendship, relationship, engagement, and upcoming wedding has moved swiftly in the ninth alien time line, less than one week or five standard days, here with Rann. Rann has everything that any girl desires while Ty questions my true intentions and girly feelings for Rann. I truly love, Rann since the second time line. I honestly cannot live without him.
“Give Dirk everything he wants,” whispering a right eardrum then lightly peck a sweet kiss on his right cheekbone.
“Everything!?” Rann repeats while staring and studying me.
“We will, both be free,” surrendering only to Rann, because I don’t want the currs, the castles, the property, the titles, and the honors of being a Royal noblette.
Dirk has the kingly power to stripe that from Rann as a fugitive criminal. Then, we can live in my white castle until Dirk stripes me of my title and lands. However, Rann’s not accustomed to a set of smaller things in his life, living in huge mansions with fleets of star ships, hundreds of bots, and thousands of citizens obeying his commands as a young teen-ass.
I flash back mentally into the second time line when Rann owned and operated two planets, Sahara and Agri.
I flash present mentally that Dirk wants all the planets, and nobles, and control.
If Dirk takes from Rann then we…Rann and me…can live with Ty on Sahara. And if Dirk takes from Ty then we…Rann and me…can live on asteroid Resort with the wandering pirates. Since, I will follow Rann where ever he goes within the universe. I sigh with determination.
“I deeply truly love you, a lot,” he smiles while tenderly touching two soft finger pads to my left cheekbone and then pulls my face to his face, tenderly kissing my pink-painted lips. I sigh with true love.
We surface and smile with goofy grins. “I deeply truly love you, more,” smiling and kissing his soft lips gently and then, deeply and passionately embracing him with my mouth and two arms, holding him tight even to suffocate Rann. I sigh with true love. 
We surfaced and smile with goofy grins, again. I don’t wanna let him out of my arms or eyesight, being worried about his future, my future, and our future. I wanna guard him but can’t do that locked up in a jail cell by Dirk’s stupid sentencing. I sigh with duty.
Rann smile and stares at me then asks in a smooth baritone trombone, “Ty, Starra needs a secured room, before we leave to attend the Noble Committee meeting with Dirk.” Rann orders as Ty smiles and back steps boot heels towards the closed door.
“Follow me,” Ty motions with a right hand then swings a body around while leading us out of the observation room and then down the hallway.
Starra’s prison cell. midnight. I tuck a body and a dress into Rann’s right armpit, making us look funny walking on Ty’s left side.
“You, you, you, and you,” Ty finger points and orders as Sahara Prison Guards peel from the paint then trail behind us like Woof puppies, “Here, here, here, and here,” Ty issues as each Guard parks and posts his tallness between the archway. “Starra, your suite,” Ty invites with a slight chuckle of happiness that both Rann and I are doing the right thing.
I slowly waddle into the room, spacey just enough for one occupant, maybe two. I count a twin bed mattress at the wall corners with a short table for two chairs against the gold paint. I waltz summer sandals and sit my bee_hind upon the smooth and soft bed mattress like a princess, when Ty grabs, twists, and plants an ass into a hard metal chair next to a kneeling Rann, not for marriage but advice.
Rann smiles and kneels on a right kneecap, holding both hands between his manly-hands, looking into my silver eyeballs. “I don’t know when I’ll be back, Starra. Dirk’s going to expect me to fight, rebel, and counterman his asinine orders. But, I promise you. I will not do that. I love you to much to get harmed.” He kisses each set of exposed and dirty five knuckles as I giggle with delight. “Stay right here! The Guards will bring you food, refreshments, and anything else you want.” He lectures then stands. Rann snaps an index finger and a thumb pad when one of the Guards hands off a golden-tinted blanket and a golden satin-covered pillow. He examines the items between filled arms while snapping an angry order to the Golden Sash #1. “That’s it.”
I swiftly stand lying two palms on his heated muscular chest, calming him, “Rann, there are other prisoners. Some are burned. I’m fine,” smiling with honesty as Rann purses lips, ugly then smiles at me.
He adjusts, “You’re correct. I’ll bring more supplies. Sahara will be the first planet for supplies. You have less than twenty-one hours and then your sentence expires. I’ll be, here escorting you home. Promise me, that you’ll not travel from this room?” He asks of me as I smile and bob my curls up and down like a farm pony.
“I promise. I love you to much to get harmed,” repeating his advice for all eardrums, when Rann and Ty chuckles along with me.
He compliments, “Good girl.” Rann shuffles me with tender hands and strong biceps towards the bed mattress, “Please allow me to tuck you into the bed for your Nighty-night sleep.”
I back step then lay vertical upon the twin bed mattress that clearly fits my petiteness as Rann tucks a thin wool blanket around my collar bone falling to my belly button. The fabric length is too short to trail over my wide skirt with four crinolines. Rann tucks the extra fabric into the fold of the mattress. He sweet breathes into my smile, “Try to sleep! Time will pass more quickly. Why don’t you dream about me? When you awaken, I will be here.” He dips down and kisses my pink-painted lips with a gentle touch, then we surface and smile goofy faces at each other.
“I will,” dream about you, darling while smiling up into his face as Ty touches a left collar bone under the short blanket and.
He offers, smiling. “We’ll be back as soon as possible. Don’t worry! Nothing’s getting passed my Guards.” Ty bobs a skull up and down as I stare with a serious face at Ty and.
I order, “Please care of him and yourself, Ty.” Ty bobs a skull a second time and.
He offers, “I promise. I love both of you to much to get harmed,” smiles as I squeak with glee at Rann and his best friend, Ty. They swing both sour puss faces and fine fit bodies while exiting my tiny sleeping chamber. I sigh with spying.
I close my eyelashes for a restful catnap from the fierce excitement of a long day then hear with my big Tele-ears a single faint baritone voice, the voice stands inside the archway of my room peeking with narrowed eyelashes over my fluffy pink dress. I see three sets of broad shoulders and back of the muscles of three out of four Sahara Honor Guards blocking the entrance door, guarding me. However, in-between the crack is Rann. He whispers for all eardrums, but mine as I T-spy with Telepathy into the faint conversation, “….five million currs for each of you, if my Princess is unharmed upon my return.” Rann bobs a black skull up and down with the silence acknowledgement.
“Yes, Sire,” the four Males echo in tenor and baritone music as I lightly giggle. Rann always tosses away currs around for me. I sigh with security.
Rann twists a fit body from my four devoted and paid Bodyguards walking beside Ty. They’re leaving to attend the emergency Noble Committee without me, since Dirk’s a jerk and a creep, not allowing me to attend. I sigh with sleep time.
day 165. Starra’s prison cell. yellow sun. electric blue sky. 119ºF. morning. The bell ring in musical a-sharp within my eardrums, when I pop open my eyelashes while noting a gold ceiling, not dreaming. I’m really, here, jail then close eyelashes to pretend that I’m not really here, jail. I sigh with make-believe.
My Tele-powers like the new environment while annoying me with it is morning, since I can’t determine from a sun’s setting. I can’t see the sun only gold walls. There are many, many over head illuminated artificial seeing and reading and eating lights, hot like the bright Sahara sun.
The bell rings in musical a-sharp for a second time, time for the Prisoners to awake as my closed bedroom’s door creaks about one-twenty-sixth of an inch.
The French horn voice of the Captain of my Bodyguards announces through the peek-hole, “Breakfast, Countess.”
“Thank you,” greeting with a sweet tone then okay. “Come on in! I’m decent.” The Prisoners get served breakfast when the bell rings in a-sharp when the door whips open.
The Captain places the food tray on the round table then bows at a fit waistline then quickly leaves my eyesight. Okay! he back paces on boot heels just like the hovering bots towards the open archway then takes a position in the middle of two other broad shoulders as the Bodyguard of my petiteness.
I smell the food items before a view of the food items, scrambled eggs, grilled steak, fresh buttery biscuits, fruit, oat cereal, and a tall glass of chocolate milk. The food items are neatly arranged on an oversized biggy plate…naw…platter with a small glass clear vase of three red rose buds. I smell three chocolate foiled heart candies. I sigh with true love.
Rann delivered the first food and supply shipment to the Prison as promised. Since, I love my chocolate in every different form. I sigh with true love.
“Prisoner Starra,” a robot hums in a deep baritone tuba like Ira between the space of the archway while my four Bodyguards surround and pose behind the hovering bot.
I flash back mentally in the first alien time line when I was Lady Starra, then I was Commander Starra, and then I was Countess Starra.
I flash present that I am Prisoner Starra. I sigh with yesterday.
“Prisoner Starra,” the robot hovers and hums for a second time as I toss off the tiny blanket then upright on elbows while staring an invisible stream of red burning ray at the robot. Just kidding!
I twist, pretzel, and shuffle a body and a dress then finally stand next to the bed mattress, since I am a Prisoner.
The robot swiftly scans me with two empty drinking teacups as its mechanical electronic eyes, processing me for something bad….naw…good. It flies ass-backwards towards a floating barge with a metal long rack of clothes then swings about precisely like a machine. It selects four fabric clothing items, two large, one small, and a wrapped box of gold. It flies forwards…gotcha…then dumps the four clothing items on the bed mattress. Ubot hovers and hums, “New uniforms.”
The Ubot is an employed machine, exclusively for the Prison, meaning in short term order, “U better not run” bot, possessing two maser rifles in each metal limb, one for stun and one for…ya’ll know, just in case, a Prisoner gets out of two or four fleshy hands from one or two Sahara Prison Guards. I read that in the Book. I sigh with caution.
Ubot flies sideways to the next Prison jail cell of the next Prisoner sleeping next to me, last night as I swing a face then stand and stare at the fabric garments and a wrapped box. The nice and handsome Captain of my Bodyguard quietly shuts the door as I reach and grab the first garment. The girly outfit is pure gold in color while holding and mathematical measuring to my body, a long-sleeved v-neck blouse gracefully flows over a left wrist. The ankle-length golden skirt touches and drags five-inches over both toe bones, snorting. “This is too big.”
The second garment is a golden halter top and a shorty-short skirt nicely split on each side of the thigh bone while revealing more than kneecaps, giggling. “This is too small.”
The third piece of clothing is a turtleneck blouse suffocating my throat skin made of golden delicate silk with a matching knee length skirt covering both kneecaps along with a pair of golden thigh-high boots to cover the thighs. And to complete the goody-good assemble is a soft leather belt made of real gold, growling. “This is too right.”
And this is a proper “princess” frock provided a proper Prince Rann, who has goody gallantly selected this particular piece of pure golden for me, personally…(like them ‘p’ sounds)….Since, Rann had promised to provide a supply shipment to Sahara, first. And I’m one of the supply items, first. I sigh with fury.
Rann seems to be slightly but carefully trying to calmly control my life, not even being on the same planet. Well, I ain’t taking this or this or his rules, because I rule. I sigh with obstruction.
I dropped the “princess” outfit on the bed then jerk off a gold ribbon and rattle the fine golden paper box, seeing fresh girly undergarments. I need these then rip into the other non-wrapped in golden paper. I find in my foot size, a pair of golden high heel summer sandals and a pair of thigh-high leather boots.
I flash back mentally in the first alien time line when the golden clothes garments were worn by Rann’s Warriors at body fight between Rann and Rex at the Game Stadium.
I pick out my new ‘princess’ outfit then march, then stand, and then swing a door and a body inside the archway. I smile at my four tall handsome Male guards.
“Wow,” one of the Males growls in a low baritone as the Captain violently elbows a pointy bone into the Male’s right rib cage. I giggle selecting a “right” outfit. I sigh with innocence.
“Please take away the boxes, Captain,” ordering my princess command as the Captain steps from the duckling line up into my tiny room. He immediately opens the box with the thigh-high leather boots. I hid….naw….stored the real princess frock, a turtle neck blouse and matching skirt from proper princely Rann.
“Countess, begging my pardon, I’d recommend this elegant dress for you. It compliments your golden tan,” smiles and offers the smart-ass Captain of my four Bodyguards. Slick!
“You’re correct. It does. But, I’m dressed. Please give that elegant dress to another prisoner,” ordering with my new princess-attitude as the Captain visually cringe a crooked smile and physically cringes a collar bone while holding both fabric pieces with ten finger pads.
“Countess, I was Prince Rann’s personal body guard for many, many years. He’d like to see you in this lovely dress, when he returns today from his princely duties with the King,” the Captain expresses and explains with a cute smirk.
Man, that boy has too many high IQ brain cells and brave guts, to boot. He’s definitely one of Rann’s smart-ass boys devoted, dedicated, and determined to serve the Prince and thinking, pondering, and annoying me as the Princess. I sigh with authority.
“I appreciate wholeheartedly your advice, Captain. I’m so looking forward to seeing Rann. I believe he’ll find me attractive in this cute dress, also…(smiles)…. Don’t ya think? I do value your personal opinion,” grinning with a princess-attitude with a pearly white wickedly smile. I’m being a polished spoiled rotten little bratty snot-hole noblette when I T-touch his open mind with a tap of Telepathy with a tiny mental warning, not to piss me off, again.
“Yes, Countess,” he lies as one of the other body guards grabs and carries the column stack of gold boxes back to the floating Fashion Garment Cart. I follow the fellow out my tiny bedroom into a great big sunny space filled with intriguing and tattooed folks.
I gracefully pirouette on three-inched boot heels of thigh-high leather, when my long silver hair flutters elegantly around my throat. I princessly command with a sweet smile, “Now, I’m ready for my tour.” The Captain leads the other three body guards towards me in a cute duckling line-up and.
He wrinkles a forehead, ugly and repeats the key word, “Tour!?”
I giggle and express, “Of the facility, silly. I want to tour the Prison and look around. Is that alright, Captain?” The Captain motions with a right hand for the other three body guards, who quickly encircle him like a swarm of fire ants on a single picnic basket of food. Then they chat quietly moving lips and wiggling ten finger pads to me and then at each other.
I’m going to tell Rann to forget the high IQs on my next set of personal body guards, since these guys think…way too much.
I stomp a left leather thigh-high boot heel to interrupt their fun, since this is about me, the future princess of Agri and future wife of Rann. “Tell ya what! I’ll give each one of ya’ll fifteen-million currs to escort me around the Prison for a look-see,” smiling with an evil smirk.
One of the body guard swings a body, smiling, “Fifteen-million currs each,” he repeats.
“We accept,” the Captain quickly bobs his blonde skull up and down like a farm pony for the four of them.
“So’s, I guess…(puffs)…That means that I’ll have to do my own fist fighting. Since the currs doesn’t cover that element of my verbal contract,” I test.
The Captain cringes with both shoulders, “That element is definitely covered in our verbal agreement, Countess.”
I clap two hands, together, smiling and singing in flute, “Very well! Let’s begin…(points at west wall)….over there,” ordering and body spinning to a massive gathered violent activity between two wall corners of the room. I sigh with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Countess, I’d suggest our prison tour began at the Guard Station…(pauses; smiles)…in the opposite direction,” the Captain is both cool and slick while body spinning a face to the opposite wall. The Guard Station is calm, armed, and secured for my princess protection from the roaming other true Prisoners.
I swing a face and smile, “Alright! I do value your opinion, Captain.”
“This way!” The Captain holds a right arm for me as a trained gentleman’s of Rann personal Honor Guards. I sigh with security.
I’ll let him pretend to lead my tour then eventually make my leather boots towards a west wall action. I’m in jail for the rest of the morning and half the afternoon, before Rann comes to rescue me from my prison, giggling with my demon tale of Dirk.
I love to tease and taunt, “If we’re lucky, we might run into Rann before we finish my tour. Would ya think, Captain!?” The Captain skips a boot step then a heart beat, since I’m a Tele, giggling at my mental game play.
“I’d really prefer that we do not tell Prince Rann about your prison tour, princess,” the Captain meekly requests in a sissy tenor as I bob curls up and down like a farm pony.
“Alright! If you insist, Captain.” I slowly march with the Captain beside me while the three other Bodyguards trail like a Woof puppies on my boot heels about five feet from my secured prison door.
A female Prisoner approaches me from the left without foot step hesitation or social face reservation, when the Captain quickly shuffles a body center stage of me with soldierly bravery. And I recognize her, instantly the female Prisoner from the fire and then from the attack of the Assassin. Everything is fine. My Tele-powers ring.
I smile at her as the female Prisoner voices in husky alto saxophone, “My name is Ula. It means ‘jewel.’ You saved my life, twice. I’m indebted to you, Countess Starra. I pledge to serve you,” she bows at the waist to me.
I push my petiteness between elbows and an empty space of three bodyguards to greet and meet Ula then T-probe with Telepathy her open mind. Ula is very loyal and dedicated within both social and cultural moral, since I don’t want to insult her. And I just might need a friend in prison.
“I accept your offer but only during my time, here. Do you understand, Ula?” I suggest and smile.
“Yes,” Ula smiles and shares.
“Should we tour, together, Ula?” I suggest and smile while her shoes tap an empty spot with me on the left, since the Captain occupies my right.
Then Ula and I move ahead of the body guards while snail-walking and lightly chit-chatting towards the next Recreational Prisoner Station. Ula drags and paces on boot toes two steps behind me as I stop and swing a face. “I’d like for you to walk beside me. We’re prisoners and friends, not master and servant. Do you agree, Ula?” She bobs a black skull up and down then moves beside me.
“Yes,” she remarks as I wrap my arm around her arm.
“Thank you,” offering my appreciation.
“You’re very welcome, Countess,” she greets and smiles.
“Starra,” correcting her formal Royal greeting.
“Starra,” she adjusts and smiles. This is nice having a female friend, who does not want to cut my skull off or stab my back with a dagger. I notice a plain tiny female hiding behind the cabinet counters while peeking over with a brown ponytail and two dancing hazel eyeballs. Then the tiny female butt-crawls between an empty space of the cabinets to the next one, hiding, again. Everything is fine. My Tele-powers dink.
Then I skip boot toes from Ula and intercept her at the third cabinet counter while grabbing a small arm with my right hand. She is a pre-teen around the age of twelve. I sigh with youth.
“Your name, sweetheart,” asking as she stands and smiles at me.
“Sim, Your Highness,” the little tiny girl sings in piccolo music using the wrong title, but I’ll not correct her in front of the older Prisoners. She’s very young and very innocent. Sim offers with a sweet crooked set of teeth, “I want to serve you.”
I adjust with smile, “Not serve, but join me and my new friend, Ula.”
Sim meets and greets with a friendly smile, “Hi, Ula.”
“Hi, squirt.” Ula teases patting a right hand on the young girl’s shaggy brown ponytail.
Within fifteen minutes of my prison tour, I have picked up a posse of two female friends with my Bodyguards trailing like Woof puppies by three paces. They’re so obvious and obtuse while I leave my girls to talk with the Captain.
“You may leave. I have my new friends.” I order. “Don’t worry! You’ll be paid your fifteen-million currs.” The Captain steps a right boot toe forward from his men in my dark shadow and.
He declares without a sweet smile, “I am not concerned about my reward. But, I’m very concerned about…(views Ula)…your new friends, princess,” he warns and calls by my future Royal title. The good Captain is subtlety hinting that my man, Rann will strongly object. A good servant to Rann and me I note, since Rann makes a set of excellent social and cultural decisions in regards to my life. I sigh with protection.
I whisper into his chest, since I’m short and he’s tall. “I’m a prisoner, not a Countess for six more hours. I’m equal to them. King Dirk made that proclamation, not me,” wisely expressing my prisoner’s opinion. The good smart-ass Captain can’t debate with his bright IQ only stare with narrowed eyelids down at my hair roots. I don’t quit, “Therefore, I offer only both camaraderie and conversation. I’m in no position to give any one prisoner, friend or foe any aid, a gift or grieve.” I say then stomp a right boot around him and shout in flute, “Dismissed!” The Captain and his men don’t leave my eye sight. I sigh with disrespect.
The Captain runs around me blocking my boot toes, “May I have a private word with you, Countess?” He and I gently two-step boot heels to the right away from my new friends and his old buddies by twenty-feet, the magic distance. He frowns with a fugly ugly funny face, “I accept your commands.”
“I...,” start to counterman his command.
“I received my direct order from Prince Rann, first. So, we’ll observe and watch from a distance of twenty-feet. Then we can avail ourselves to your command or your need, when appropriate,” the Captain debates finely as I bob my curls up and down like a farm pony and.
I cheer in flute, “Very well! I accept.”
“I’m grateful,” the Captain weakly smiles then swings a body towards his boys.
I compliment in fluttering flute, “I’ll let Rann know how honorable and loyal you and your men are to my needs, Captain.” The Captains spin on boot heels and bows at a fit waist to me like a peasant and.
He smiles, “As you wish, Milady.” I smiles and nod like an evil princess then move boot toes towards my new girl pals.
The Captain strolls in a duckling row on the first position of four body guards almost but less than twenty-feet from me, being posed and ready for some fast quick-draw action…naw….no action. Since, Rann’ll be very displeased it any action occurs with me. I sigh with true love.
An extremely tall large beautiful female Prisoner approaches me and then stops five feet from my freckles beside a second extremely tall large beautiful female Prisoner, who possesses the same facial features, maybe, sisters. I sigh with intrigue.
“I really didn’t like you,” the first female Prisoner insults without any type of smile or happiness.
“….but I’d enjoy more freedom in our play area,” the second female Prisoner flings without any type of smile or happiness.
“I think you can accommodate me with that. I am Jai,” the first extremely tall large beautiful female Prisoner expresses in alto oboe her bold opinion then cuts eyelashes to her sister.
“Do you object to my candid? I am Jia,” the extremely tall large beautiful female Prisoner with red flowing hair copy-cat an alto oboe while continuing a three-sided conversation with me and them. I do a double take with eyeballs and neurons, since the female Prisoners finish each other sentences, giggling with delight. I sigh with double vision.
“No, I value honesty and directness. I personally offer you and your sister an invitation with our tour,” smiling and bobbing my curls up and down as the tall female Prisoners hustles towards me.
“We accept,” Jai remarks, wiggling golden sneakers beside Ula.
“….with honor,” Jia remarks, sliding beside her twin sister, Jai. I think, giggling with delight.
“Which way do we stroll, Starra?” Ula asks.
“This way,” finger pointing to the next the Recreational Prisoner Center for fun and entertainment.
lunchtime. afternoon. My girl pals and I raise our arms wiggling our finger pads with laughter while hanging out inside my tiny prison jail cell. The Captain and his boys quietly seat and eat outside a slightly closed metal door while acutely watching and observing with all body parts any invading fire ants at my girly picnic. They’re loyal, since Ty has picked some of his very best Guards for me, princess. I giggle, feeling so safe and sound. I sigh with happiness.
“Are we having a slumber party, girlfriends?” I ask as my girl pals snicker like a slick weasels. I had ordered one of the Ubots to bring three large containers of food and beverages into my small occupied and over-crowded room. Wbot obeyed, nicely. Plates, dishes, and food rotate between ten finger pads around the room as my girl pals enjoy and delight in fun girly giggles. A large platter of colorful red, brown, pink, and orange desserts of cookies and sweet breads pass from hand to hand.
Ula subject changes for some strange reason, “I committed a crime. I beat up and stole their possession from a citizen with my bare hands for five-thousand currs,” confessing as my girlfriends coo like Agri doves. “I deserve to me, here. I did a wrong thing, but I’ve served my time. I’m going get out, tomorrow for good behavior.” Jai frowns with a fugly ugly distorted face of twisted lips and.
She inquires. “Get out and do what? Go back to damaged Resort and scratch out a living like a Woof dog, do you have a man, girlfriend?” Ula shakes a black skull side to side and.
She expresses, “My family wants me to come back. I have many brothers and sisters. I want a working job to make a good living without doing anything bad, again.”
“Will Tok assist you with some type of employment?” Jia asks then eats the cookie.
“Marquis Tok is a very fair and reasonable man. But, the jobs are limited. He helps his native Commoners as much as he can. He provides food, housing, and jobs with low, low wages, at first.” Ula explains.
“You can join the Militia.” Jia proposes without smiling. She doesn’t smile only chews the cookie with good social manners without showing her teeth.
“Ira won’t hire me with a tainted criminal background.” Ula explains.
“Work for Food World, then?” I suggest an alternative work concept as Ula grunts a fugly ugly animal sound while laughing her ass off and.
She updates me, “With the Agri Business Associates, no thanks! They’re only the Lobles,” hen giggling along with the other female Prisoners, while I stare at Ula.
“What… is… a…Loble!?” I staccato in flute.
“The term is a combination of the lowest Noble status, not real Noble plus the highest Commoner statue, but not real Commoner. Great-Grandfather Baron created them when they were given property, rights, and currs.” Ula explains.
“You sound jealous,” Jia remarks but doesn’t smile only chew a second cookie as Ula shakes a black skull side to side and.
She updates me, “Not jealous, they’re treated better than Commoners but can’t attend the Royal functions such as the Noble meetings with the King.”
I update with a bright smile, wanting to be one of them, “I can’t attend the Noble meeting, neither. I’m technically a Countess,” expressing my current lower social status at the moment. Since, I’m not a Commoner but a prisoner. One of them!
“The Lobels are in a class all by themselves, and, also, keep to themselves. They really don’t like to socialize with any one…(views me)…Noble or Commoner. Hence, the combined letters to form a Loble, the letter ‘l’ from lower and the remaining letters of ‘oble’ from noble.” Ula presents a very good point of debate.
Rann had mentioned to me on several occasions in numerous alien time lines both the difficulties and confrontations that he had personally faced with isolated and secretive Agri Business Associates. Great-Grandfather Baron had truly created a “new social class” within the unknown universe.
“Rann’d give you land, and, property, and rights. He owns Agri and dispenses all the assets, equally. I can speak with him about this personal and delicate matter. After I explain your situation, he’ll whole heartedly agree with me.” I express and smile to Ula.
“You’re correct, Starra. I’m grateful that you would recommend me for the equality on Agri. But, the Lobles would never accept me. I’d be an outside within their eyes, ears, and nose holes,” Ula laughs her ass off.
“I see,” and understand, too clearly and too late, since Ula really does understand the placement of both the Commoners, Lobles, and their permanent social ways of the universe better than the true spoiled bratty Nobles and Noblettes. I sigh with inequality.
“Rann could give me the most fertile lands on Agri. I could make plenty of currs, but I probably would not live to spend my wealth. I’d be back on Sahara for killing my Business Associates and living my natural days in a ten-by-ten jail cell.” Ula expresses as silence lingers in the air waves for 1 second…2 seconds…10 seconds.
I don’t need my Tele-powers to see the truth in Ula’s future. She would never be accepted as a new Lobel and then the real Lobels would turn on her like a protective lion over the newbie cubs. Of course, Ula’s strong self-preservation nature would cause great harm unto the innocent native of Agri. And, Rann couldn’t help Ula, at that point, as a matter of fact, I couldn’t either, even if I’m living on Agri as Rann’s princess.
However, I can help Ula in a different manner. I offer, “If I ever get out of here and have my title and my boyfriend back,” laughing with my girl pals. “Then, ya can work for me, Ula. You can be my personal secretary.”
“What does a personal secretary do?” Ula wrinkles a forehead, ugly with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Well, ya get to threaten any of my vicious opponents with talk, not hurt them, Ula. Kinda like a girly honor guardette..,” giggling with my make-up term for my new girl pals, who might not ever never leave Sahara.
“I don’t think your future husband would approve of me as your personal secretary, Countess.” Ula expresses with a little doubt.
“Did Ty recommend your pardon?” I ask.
“Told me, himself,” Ula bobs a skull up and down, explaining.
“You’re on the team, girlfriend,” smiling and folding my fist into a ball then hover it in the air as Ula fist-bumps me with her folded hand then we all laugh with delight.
“You’re all right, Starra. I accept.” Ula expresses then mouth spits her salvia upon an open palm then presents a hand to me, literally. She sings in alto saxophone music, “Deal!”
I mouth spit my salvia on both palms then violently slap them together against her upright hand. “Done deal!”
“Countess, will you employ me after I’m paroled?” Sim asks in a meek piccolo.
“Yes, Sim, when are you being released!?” I ask.
“In forty years,” Sim smiles and shares when I visually cringe with embarrassment as my girl pals giggle.
“In forty years, ya call…(pauses; smiles)….Ula. She’ll hire you.” I instruct as a pretend princess while my girl pals giggle like hens inside the hen coup.
“Yes, Your Highness,” Sim meekly answers.
I swing a face to Ula, “That is a future order, hire Sim as my personal receptionist.”
“Yes, princess,” Ula bobs a skull up and down, smiling.
“What’s a personal receptionist do, princess!?” Sim meekly asks as my girl pals giggle.
“She’s…(pauses)….receives…(pauses)….stuff…,” making up a duty for Little Sim as my girl pals giggle.
We finish our lunch meal then stroll our shoe soles around the Prison space stretching numb body parts from sitting cross-legged inside a cramped room. My girl pals, my body guards, and I pad towards the west wall, ya’ll.
A gigantic Giant-man is picking and probing his wiggling ten finger pads at the smaller Mousy-man in the far western wall corner of an occupied space with three other big fugly ugly sneering Male, who oversee the finger execution. And I just happen to be passing that away, giggling with purpose while viewing the wild-ass nosily commotion with eyeballs, interestingly or troubling. I sigh with feat.
Leading my bold new girl pals along with my old loyal and highly paid body guards, who have moved closer at five-feet behind my cute slit golden skirt, I feel overly confidence and obnixously arrogant. I sigh with meddlesomeness, too.
The smaller Mousy-man presents thin, pale, meek, and very afraid with wet sweaty droplets dripping off a wide forehead onto his golden T-shirt. I pull up beside the smaller Male and kick it with a pretty smile, viewing the broad shoulders of the gigantic Giant-man, “What’s the problem, sir?”
“Go away, little girl,” the gigantic Giant-male slurs from lips then spits from mouth. The mouth spit hits the flooring without moving his eyelids from the smaller Mousy-man to see cute me.
“Shut up, fool! The Countess’s speaking to ya…(pauses)…boy,” Ula, my newly appointed personal secretary slur in her alto saxophone then measures and aims her mouth spit on top of the Giant-man’s mouth spit, challenging as I scoot boots around the Giant-man standing on his left side clearly seeing the nervous Mousy-man.
“Who be you, babe!?” The Giant-man swiftly articulates in really awful grammar, neck snapping a really ugly sneering face at me.
“I’m Countess Starra,” proudly proclaiming with a sweet smile.
“Them guards over there, forgots to tell ya, sweetie, all of us be equal in, here in prison. There is no titles, no nobles or no commoners.” The Giant-man updates then mouth spits directly at my slightly gently used pair of thigh-high boots as I two-step to the left like a prancing pony.
I act like a polished diplomatic like my new role model, Ty and smile. “I presume based on your improper grammar. Someone forgot to teach you the universal language for proper verbal communication,” amusing for both annoyance and entertainment as my girl pals laugh their asses off. I’m trying to have a little fun while in prison, acting unladylike, here, only, since I can get away with it, here, in prison, only. I wonder where Ty is during my one-and-a-half sided conversation with his permanent prisoner. I sigh with absence.
“Good one, girlfriend!” Ula cheerleads then slaps a big girly-hand on my left collar bone while acting as a pretty good protective secretary as I T-balance using Telekinesis to keep from busting my nose into the forward wall from her massive natural girly strength. The Giant-man dog sneers flipping an ugly face to Ula and.
He inquires with tomcat curiosity. “Who you!?” Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers ting.
Ah, shit! Ula’s going to violently attack the Giant-man with her two arms, two hands, and a left kicking leg while starting a vicious fight, in which she will win, while I quickly T-view using Teleclairvoyance. So, I’m going to subtlety and sweetly intervene on her behalf before Ula hurts him, really bad. I sigh with danger.
In a calm controlled deep alto saxophone from Ula, “I…am her personal secretary…(snorts)…which gives me the right to correct your bad manners, pal.” She grins ear to ear while violently punching a right fighting fist into an open palm. I sigh with surprise.
Ula acts like a real civilized citizen, sorta. So, I quickly counter for fun before she punches the Gaint-man’s ugly face. “No violence, today, Ula! The last offender of my person, you broke his arm in three places. He’s still lying in constant pain inside the Prison Infirmary,” smirking at the Giant-man with my new intimidation and lying methods, always good tactics. That I have learned from Dirk, the evil ruler of the universe as my girl pals laugh their asses off.
“You tell him, girlfriend.” Ula praises and promises while still slapping a fist into an empty palm. I hope my cute button nose does not grow any longer, being a good model prisoner, sniggering like a sly fox. I sigh with deceit.
“Sir, I invite you to join my touring party for a quiet stroll around the prison compound.” I offer in peaceful terms as the smaller Mousy-man slightly shuffles golden shoes then sweats more droplets from his eyebrows. He desires to join us, greatly. I sigh with revenge.
The Giant-man slams a right palm against the wall making a big dent into the golden plaster right near the smaller Mousy-man’s left cheekbone. He looks at me and commands in baritone tuba, “When I says, we done, we leaves.”
“I believe my other friends…(thumbs a shoulder)….over there,” swinging a smiling face to my four Sahara Prison Guards in their impressive white uniforms and gold sashes standing between four Agri Honor Guards with green sashes. The green sashes are Rann’s boys. They all carefully observe and watch over me with eight times two equals the math number of sixteen. There are sixteen eye sockets in a very short distance of three-feet, moving closer to protect my immediate need. I giggle and neck snap a smiling face to the Giant-man, “And my boys are telling me that your personal business has concluded with my new friend. Do you want to discuss this immediate issue with them?” Ula giggles then moves a sneaker to stands almost beside me.
“Or me?” Ula interjects as my girl pals giggle like silly hens.
“I not be scare of you, babe. Tell your friends, stay put! Me and ya can talk.” He dog sneers then gator snarls, and bear growls threatening me. I sigh with vengeance.
“Watch it, Sam! She be Rann’s girl,” Giant-man #2 makes good sense standing between his buddies dressed in golden T-shirts and pants.
“Don’t care!” The Giant-man mouth spits for a third time hitting the space between the smaller Mousy-man’s shoes.
“I care about my head. Take the squirrel as your new friend, Countess with my best regards to Rann,” Giant-man #2 bows at a fit waist to me then back steps from the duckling line-up along with his other golden buddies while leaving me and my girl pals with Giant-man #1.
“Very good, sir! Thank you. Please join me, gentle man.” I offer with a smile and a head nod holding out a left hand as the smaller Mousy-man grabs it tightly squeezing the blood from my arm veins for protection.
The smaller Mousy-man walks beside me with Ula on my right for my protection as we move to one of the recreational Prisoner Center. I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity. “What’s your name? And what’s your crime, sir?”
“Phi, I’m an accountant. Thank you, Countess. I have embezzled currs from a Noble,” confessing while eyeballing the floor.
“Whoooo,” tooting in flute, since I’m a jail birdie, too. Every inmate knows his crime. I’m not sharing any secrets, here. As a matter of fact, based on my silly social exchange with the Giant-man, all the prison inmates know my secrets along with my allies, including an infamous Prince Rann of Agri. I sigh with popularity.
“His Royal Highness, King Dirk,” Phi confesses as I giggle with silliness.
“There, now! That doesn’t count, at all. He’s lower than an ameba on the animal social scale.” I retort with cleverness as my girl pals toot like barn owls. Phi gently chuckles, also.
This man has committed no crime, being a victim of kingly circumstances forced on by his employer, Dirk. I mosey on boot toes towards the closest Guard Station retrieving a mini-bot from a waist-high marble desk. I type very quickly my message with flying five finger pads, smiling. Then I look with eyeballs at the post Sahara Prison Guard. “Here!” I hand off the mini-bot to the Guard. “Please, give this to Ty as soon as he arrives back home.”
“Yes, Countess,” she addresses bobbing her brown curls up and down while viewing the mini-bot’s message of the accountant.
“Thank you.” I swing a face and march on boot toes directly into the Captain’s chest then whisper a secret set of words and explain the Accountant’s deadly situation. The Captain whispers a secret set of words to his boy, then my new friend, Phi leaves with the Sahara Prison Guard for his new prison jail cell room with a new roommate. The Giant-man won’t be intimating him or me for a second time, ever.
I also have requested on the mini-bot for Ty to review the accountant’s crime in more nosy detail, since there’s probably a legal loop hole there that Dirk has forgotten about. I giggle with a girly twang while outfoxing Dirk, twice. I sigh with revenge.
“Which way, girlfriend!?” Ula asks as I decide and finger point towards the south wall with more action and louder commotion. I sigh with protection.
early evening. My eyeballs see him, first, standing his handsomeness inside an empty door’s archway. He scans with eyelids a large and gigantic recreational room while looking for me. “Rann,” singing in piccolo to the heavens and getting his undivided attention. I gallop like a race horse on boot heels from a squatting position.
“Starra,” singing in baritone trombone, Rann dashes on boot toes from the archway towards me.
I run and meet him in the middle of the floor and then leap, T-rex into his open arms, creating a lovely eyesight spectacle. I have missed him, so much. Rann lifts me high into the air and twirls our bodies around twice while embracing and kissing my pink-painted lips. I sigh with true love.
Then he gently and slowly lowers me to the tile flooring, staring into my silver pupils. He whispers for me, only, “I love you, a lot.”
“I love you, more,” smiling and swiftly repeating. We kiss then surface with goofy grins at each other. “I missed you, so much, Rann.”
“Ditto!” Rann sings in baritone trombone while staring and smiling at me.
“I’m so happy to see you, sweetheart,” smiling at him. 
“Ditto!” He pulls back a body while viewing my new golden outfit. He holds the middle finger tips of my hands in the air as I sway side to side like a fashion model. Rann inquires with puzzlement plus a wrinkled forehead, ugly. “Where in the universe did you get that outfit?” He notices as I’m pleased and satisfied that he notices me and my new outfit. I sigh with princess-ness.
“Ya like!?” I gracefully twirl around in a dance circle while Rann holds my right hand in the air while viewing my cute dance steps in the sexy thigh-high leather boots. I giggle with delight.
“Very stunning, but the garment seems inappropriate for a prison uniform, Starra!?” Rann observes.
“The prisoners were issued new clothes, this morning, after the fire.” I explain but he knows that fact, ya’ll.
“I know. I sent some packages specifically for you, darling.” Rann explains, delivering personally that fugly ugly turtleneck floor-length grandma matronly senior citizen old dress to me. And he did, indeed, send the needed medical supplies and food stuffs for the other prison inmates. I smile and giggle at him, since he thinks of everything. I love this man.
“Packages for me?” I tease while batting eyelashes and smirking with delight at my secret.
“Where are they at, I wonder!?” Rann wrinkles a forehead, ugly while watching me turn and turn around and around on boot heels for his delight. Then, I stop and smile.
“I guess it got lost in the mail,” joking and giggling as Rann twists lips, right up into a nostril.
“Lost!? Mail!?” He questions while I cuddle my body into his dirty T-shirt.
“Ty’s doing the best he can with the fire and loss of supplies, personnel, and prisoners.” I subject change from the “lost” princess garments, giggling.
“Ty has been with me.” Rann rat-tattle-tales and frowns a handsome face with worry and concern.
“He’s not running the prison,” repeating, frowning, and worrying like Rann.
“No,” Rann puffs in a sissy tenor appearing tired and drained in his face as I pull back on boot heels. I critique with eyeballs in more fine detail, seeing. His white T-shirt is smeared with brown dirt, red blood, green grass, and orange and blue food stains. His trousers are torn and dirty above the knee boots. And boots are scratched with deep cuts into the once-nicely polished black leather.
Rann doesn’t issue Royal issues, like Dirk, but works a body, two biceps, and ten finger pads right along side the citizens to get the job done. Done right! 
His arms are bruised and marked with a series of tiny pink skin cuts like from lifting and carrying heavy items, probably tubs of food and medical supplies to and from the star ships and residential homes.
“Dirk had us running shipments until lunch, today.” Rann comments, brushing a dirty face with more dirty hands.
“Is the situation under control?” I ask with worry. I sigh with concern.
“Every thing and every one is contained,” Rann blows out many air molecules.
“Prince Rann,” the Captain of my body guards bows at a fit waist, addressing properly.
Rann smiles and greets, “Captain, you did an excellent job watching…,” stopping and staring at me, “…performing your duty.” He snaps an index finger and a thumb pad as the Sbot behind his broad shoulders produces a mini-bot in the air waves. Then Sbot hands off the mini-bot into Rann’s right open palm for curr payment of funds to the hired and devoted Sahara Prison Guard Units for their private “guard” duty to me.
I cheerlead and smile, “Twenty million currs,” announcing the new curr figure and giggling with deceit as Rann bangs two finger pads on the mini-bot.
“I agreed to five…,” Rann stops then stares at me, and then cut eyelids to the Captain’s nose profile with a lovely facial expression of surprise.
“Way above and beyond the call of duty,” clarifying my body guards’ role.
“I can explain, Rann,” the Captain mumbles in baritone tuba while pacing a right boot toe forward to him.
“Don’t bother!” Rann holds a right palm in the air while chuckling. He resumes typing with two finger pads on the mini-bot.
“If you don’t think I’m worth twenty million…,” suggesting the absurd low-ended amount of currs for an Agri princess, while I cuddle next to Rann’s left side away from his hand typing.
“You’re worth all my trillions of currs, my darling.” Rann looks up and then hugs me with a left hand while kissing my lips. We surface then he swings a face to the Captain, “Don’t ever argue with your fiancé, Captain.” Rann advices then re-types on the mini-bot as I cuddle closer to me. I love when he uses pet names for me.
“Yes, Sire,” the Captain smiles and bobs a blonde skull up and down in agreement.
“Twenty million currs and a new promotion to the Captain and his crew for….the way above, and beyond the call of duty for my princess,” Rann proclaims.
“Sire, thank you,” the Captain smiles and remarks, bobbing a blonde skull up and down.
“Thank you, gentlemen! Dismissed!” Rann orders like a real prince as the Captain and his boys leave our eyesight. Rann wraps me into a bug hug, tight and close with two strong biceps. He whispers into my right eardrum, “I have good news.”
“Tell, tell!?” I eager with new information about the outside galaxy, since I’m locked away in prison.
“We’re getting married.” He smiles and proclaims as I pull back and view a smiling Rann.
“Married, today!?” I highly question my only sweet dream since the second alien time line. “How, when, where, why, details, please!?” I sigh with excitement.
“The wedding ceremony is being prepared in readiness on Agri. Ira will marry us after Dirk’s announcements.” Rann cuddles me between his biceps while whispering his secret plans.
“Forget Dirk! This is about us. Gimme me more wedding details. Forget the wedding plans. Tell me about our honeymoon plans,” thinking about my future wedding night with Rann as Rann cuddles me closer into his chest, not seeing his smirking face.
“I love you, a lot,” whispering into my right eardrum.
“I love you, more,” whispering into his eardrum then we passionately kiss as Ty swiftly plow a body into Rann’s two shoulder blades. Then, Rann and I two-step boot toes to the right from a violent body impact as I bear growl between Rann’s biceps at a careless, not humorous Ty.
“Dirk’s here.” Ty whispers in tenor into Rann’s smile.
“Is everyone is position?” Rann commands with a stern face as I hear the question. I sigh with concern.
“Yes.” Ty hands off a mini-bot to Rann when Rann reads the contents.
“What’s going on!?” I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity.
“Dirk’s going to pardon some of the prisoners for good behavior.” Ty explains into my face while inside our little huddle.
I swing a face to Ty, “Is that routine for the King?”
“No,” Ty sings in trumpet tenor while scanning a face around the crowded prison space.
“Is that routine for him to arrive at the prison?” I ask, moving closer into Rann’s side as he reads the mini-bot.
“No,” Ty sings in trumpet tenor while scanning a face around the gathered prisoners.
“Is that routine prison protocol?” I ask, scooting closer into Rann’s side as he reads the mini-bot.
“No,” Ty sings in trumpet tenor. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers zing.
“I don’t like this,” whispering into Rann’s sour face.
Then Rann smiles to me and quotes famously, “Everything’s going to be fine, Starra. Don’t worry, darling!” He kisses me then surfaces with a stern face.
“Fine,” singing in fluttering flute as he cuddle bugs me and.
He whispers into my face, lecturing, “Just as long as you don’t talk, argue or act irrational with the King.” I pull back to see his handsomeness with pouted lips, cute-like.
“I don’t act irrational,” defending my purposeful alien behavior with dumbo Dirk.
“Starra, my darling, I request from the bottom of my loving heart for you to please stand here, look pretty, and be silent,” he pleads then kisses my forehead with soft lips.
”For you, I will,” smiling up at him.
“Good girl,” Rann sings in baritone trombone while sliding a hot body away from me. He back steps more foot prints away from me and then soldierly stands right beside Ty near the far wall out of Dirk’s eyesight.
I stand like a princess, alone, quiet, uncertain, when an ironed and pressed white uniform with a purple sash citizen leaps, kitten-like onto the floor dragging over the dirty tiles a purple floor runner behind him. I sigh with surprise.
The uniformed citizen stops in front of me as I survey a wrinkled purple paper runner leading from the double doors to the middle of the prison space. Dirk must be going to sing or dance to entertain me. I giggle, re-adjusting my excited neurons that he’s pardoning prisoners, not dancing a jig.
I smile then sour a face, “I’m not a prisoner,” reminding neurons, since my prison sentence expires in fifteen minutes, counting down to zero minutes. Next, I’m getting married to Rann on Agri. I sigh with anticipation.
The uniformed fake smiling citizen jog backwards on dancing shoes from me into a dark lobby then two ironed and pressed white uniformed with a purple sash citizens care in each arm and hands a musical instrument. They slowly trot…naw…march from the archway and stand on the edge of the purple runner while blowing a trumpet three times with a cheery musical fanfare. I sigh with nervousness.
Dirk must need to be alerted to the current affair since he be busy, maybe be detained inside the palace? In the carrier? In the bathroom? I sigh with madness.
“His Royal Majesty, King Dirk, the ruler of the universe,” the Master of Ceremonies has magically appeared between the trumpet players. Everyone knows the ruler of the universe. I sigh with annoyance.
I’m so nervous and excited and annoyed and excited…(repeat, baby)…that I’m getting married. I suddenly feel like I’m going to vomit on the other edge of the runner. But, I stop from performing that revolting act, without getting more punishment, giggling. I swiftly recall within neurons Rann’s advice: Be good, look pretty, and be silent. I sigh with pickiness.
Dirk appears, not magically but purposefully inside the archway at the beginning of the purple paper runner, standing and waving a right hand in a set of dull-colored lavender bathroom robes for a second time, this week. Then he snail-walks down the runner towards me, flanked by two Gbots, two Males, and four Females Royal Honor Guards trailing behind him for his protection as I watch the dog and pony show for the captured audience of prisoners. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers ting.
I swing a stern face and view both Rann and Ty leaning their butts against the gold paint. Rann looks really mad plus angry, and furious. Ty’s calm and controlled, since he is always calm and in control. I sigh with envy.
I feel not calm, not in control, well, my beautiful presentation is calm. But, inside my beautiful presentation I feel a jumble of wiggling nerve endings like a set of dancing fleas inside a body. I sigh with nervousness.
My active neurons ponder Dirk’s travel from Commerce through the Wall to pardon the prisoners on Sahara, since that’s Ty’s job. The floating purple footstool…naw…dais…stops right in front of me as I swing a stern face to Rann. Rann stands and smiles at me, then slightly bobs a black skull to obey the King. I sigh with worry.
“I present your King, your ruler, Dirk,” the Master of Ceremonies shouts into the comfone without any visual…(televisions)…comlens to record me. I sigh with illness.
I’m not going to bow, curtsey or stick my tongue out while soldierly standing, staring, and praying out of here. I desire to marry Rann on Agri in a few more minutes when my prison sentence expires. I sighed with anticipation.
“I, King Dirk will announce the pardon of the following prisoners,” he yells in tenor saxophone into the comfone of the hovering Pbot on each arm then motions a right hand for a mini-bot. Dirk smiles while wrapping five fingers around the computer then silently reviews the electronic document plus take his sweet tea precious time reading through the final prison report. Wasted seconds tick-tock click until the hour of the last minute of my prison sentence. I sigh with fury.
Dirk parts red-colored lips to match his red-coated nose of a pale clown face while sucking in tons of air molecules then sings in tenor saxophone, “I pardon Countess…,” finally decreeing me to be free, then silently quits talking for some dang reason. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers alarm.
“Wait! I cannot remain silent, Sire,” a sissy tenor shouts from the west wall of the prison space as a Male wearing an ironed and pressed blue uniform with a yellow sash, one of Ira’s boys. He quickly stomps forward on boot toes from the audience of prisoners, prisoners’ families, and guards. I sigh with danger.
“Identify yourself!?” Dirk commands as king while the Militia Solider stands twenty-feet from me and Dirk, out of my arm span for both his protection and life. I sigh with revenge.
“Bailiff of the night watch,” the Militia Solider mysterious addresses.
“Speak, Bailiff,” Dirk commands as eyeballs stare at the Bailiff.
“There’s been a second and third crime committed by a pardoning…(views me)….Prisoner.” He honestly lies and smirks as the audience mutters, softly.
“I see.” Dirk smiles and share while staring at me.
“The culprit cannot be allowed to leave Sahara, without punishment.” He honestly lies.
“I will determine that. Tell me the crime, Bailiff.” Dirk orders.
“On the night of the fire in the detention center on the fourth floor of the castle, all prisoners exited their cells in a calm manner slowly walking down the fire steps to the second floor.” He honestly storytells as the audience coos, softly. “All prisoners were held on the far side of the room, but an observant guard noticed one of the prisoners was missing.”
“Who!?” Dirk toots in tenor as the audience giggles, softly.
“Prisoner Starra,” He names as the audience coos, softly.
“Stang,” whispering into my eardrums, only, since this demon tattle-tale is about me. Dirk has spies. And I have enemies, ya’ll. This is the only reason for Dirk inside the Prison Planet to investigate me. I sigh with fear.
“Explain.” Dirk shares and stares at me.
“I...,” start to explain the lie.
Dirk cuts me off. “I will hear the Bailiff’s story…(pauses; smiles)…first.” And the Bailiff is responsible for keeping order between the empty hallways. I do believe I have found the arsonist. I sigh with deep concern.
“Prisoner Starra exited the stair way like a crazed woman running, screaming, and tripping in her fancy ball gown. She tumbled down to the floor head first then landed on her back,” He honestly storytells as the audience laughs, loudly. I sigh with embarrassment.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells as the audience silences, quickly.
“Please continue, Bailiff.” Dirk command as the audience boos, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells as the audience silences, quickly.
I swing a sour face at Rann against the wall as he slowly outlines the maser on his belt with the fingertips of a right hand. Told ya’ll, I’m marrying the right guy in this time line. Ty swiftly grabs Rann’s right shooting arm while holding the Prince at bay. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers never lie. Really, now!
“Prisoner Starra did not seem to recover…(views me)…quickly from the fall. Another prisoner came to her aid, immediately…(views me)…while extending a friendly helpful hand to Starra.” He sorta storytells, honestly as the audience boos, louder.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“Instead of gratitude, Starra grabbed her hand and tossed her body into the wall, harming the nice prisoner.” He honestly storytells as the audience cheers, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“She held a maser,” injecting my defense as Dirk neck snaps a stern face to me and.
He inquires with a smirk. “Did you see a maser, Bailiff?” The Bailiff shakes a blonde skull side to side.
“No, Sire,” the Bailiff honestly lies as the audience boos, louder. Giggling, I do, indeed, have fans and friends, here. I sigh with a little victory.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“Starra stood unharmed, wavering in her fluffy dress,” the Bailiff honestly storytells as the audience cheerleads, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience cheerleads, louder.
Ridicule! The Bailiff wasn’t standing in my wall shadow, since I was the one attacked. He’s telling my story in the wrong order and then adding some made-up very creative fiction. I sigh with deep concern.
“Enough!” Dirk yells in tenor saxophone as the audience cheerleads, loudest.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“I can continue…,” the Bailiff offers with a sissy tenor without looking at me.
“I have heard the vital parts of the story to make an executive decision.” Dirk issues as the audience boos, loudly.
“I want to speak. I’m a witness,” a booming alto saxophone voice shouts within the audience from the south wall. The audience bodies part for the prisoner. The Bailiff and I swing a puzzled face to see Ula, my new best girl pal in the universe.
Ula stands soldierly between the Bailiff and me as Dirk narrows eyelids then commands. “Who are you?”
Ula doesn’t smile only states the truth, “I’m Ula. My name means ‘jewel.’ ”
“Continue, Ula,” Dirk invites with a smirk then cuts narrowed eyelids to me.
“You Most High Majesty, King Dirk,” Ula bows at the waist like a peasant to Dirk then uprights. She honestly storytells, “I am a witness to the alleged offense of the Prisoner. Countess Starra is not a criminal.” The prisoners cheerlead, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“I was saved by Countess Starra, not once, but twice.” She honestly storytells and smiles at me as the audience cheerleads, louder. 
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
 “Starra opened the prison door to my jail cell when the Prison Guards fled the fire on the fourth floor. She saved my life, the first time.” Ula smiles and bobs her curls up and down as the audience cheerleads, louder.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
 “Countess Starra saved me from an Assassin’s blade as I ran out the exit steps into her and Countess Starra, by accident, of course.” Ula honestly storytells as the audience laughs, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“There’s no crime. Countess Starra was blindly attacked and targeted for murder by a Prisoner, who’s job is assassination. I knew the Assassin. She was very good at her job.” Ula shares as the audience cheerleads, louder.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
Dirk chuckles then comments. “It would seem the Assassin was not that good, she was in prison for her crime.”
“Not before killing her intended three targets with precise accuracy,” Ula kicks in with a smirk as the audience cheerleads, wildly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
Forget the farm! Ula should be an attorney to defend the innocent citizens against Dirk, since he’s the judge, jury, and executor of illegal justice in the universe.
“No crime has been committed, only an assassination attempt which was foiled by Countess Starra, herself.” Ula finishes my angel tale as the audience cheerleads, wildly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
Dirk neck snaps a sour face around the prisoner space then cuts eyelids back to Ula. He smirks and names, “Ula which means ‘jewel.’ You have definitely clarified Prisoner Starra’s situation, without question. Your name is on the pardon list for today. Is it not!?” Ula drops her mouth like a hungry shark then closes a jaw line quickly and then looks at me with etched fright and fear on her distorted face.
Ula answers slowly, “It is, Sire.” Dirk’s going to punish her and me. I sigh with revenge.
When I get out of here, if I ever get of here, then you’re dead, Dirk. I promise with crossed finger pads and a black heart not for me to die, but you. So, you’ll not hurt any more citizens in the unknown universe, including me. I swing a sour face at Rann. He’s not smiling but relieve is strangely etched in his face. The prisoners knew the truth that I was set up. I sigh with justice.
“Permission to speak, Your Highness, King Dirk,” Ty shouts and scoots boot toes from the wall then glances a face behind a left shoulder to an angry Rann. Rann is a good boy, standing still but outlines with five finger tips the maser inside his utility belt. I sigh with justice.
Dirk smiles and shares while motioning with a left hand to Ty, “Ambassador Ty, by all means, please continue the saga for my ears to hear.” He is pleased with this convoluted communicational circumstance…(like the ‘c’ sound)…that he has created for me. This angel fairy tale is not going…my way. I sigh with distress.
Ty stops boot heels between Ula and me while protecting Dirk from Rann, me, Ula, and the rest of the prisoners. Hey, there’re prisoners while in prison for doing something illegal. Ty bows at a fit waist like a peasant to Dirk as the audience cheerleads, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
Ty presents as a polished diplomat of the Noble class, being very well liked, not just by Rann, but by the prisoners, the nobles, friends, and foes. Two peas in a plantation pod!
Ty echoes in a deep trumpeter tenor the words around the prison space, “Countess Starra was the last person to leave the inferno on the fourth floor. She assisted my guards, saving half of the trapped inmates, without regards to her own safety.”  The audience cheerleads, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“Starra, you are a true noble and heroine.” Dirk praises as the audience cheerleads, louder. “I will award you a meal for bravery...,” he stops as the audience cheerleads around the prison space.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“After you finish serving your punishment….,” Dirk grins and giggles as the audience boos, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
No thank you, you keep the medal and the punishment. I want out of here to marry Rann, today, now. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers zing.
“Please allow me to continue the story, Your Highness.” Ty asks.
“Proceed.” Dirk orders.
“Countess Starra ran down the steps to the second floor from the fire. She fell as told by the Bailiff. A Prisoner identified as an Assassin met Starra at the exit door. The Countess single handed defended herself against a trained and competent Assassin, who displayed both a full charged maser and a deadly dagger on her person.” Ty honestly storytells as the audience cheerleads, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“Suddenly, a body emerged through the fire door, hitting the Assassin in the rear of her back muscles. The Prisoner has been identified as Ula. Ula and the Assassin fell to the floor, together. The Assassin plucked Ula from the floor, holding her upright with a maser pointed at Ula’s temple. Countess Starra jerked Ula from harm as I fired my maser killing the assassin.” Ty storytells right as the audience cheerleads, loudest.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience cheerleads, wildly.
“Silence,” Dirk yells in tenor as the audience silences, quickly. He stares at Ty. “You killed the prisoner.”
“I killed an Assassin as stated under Sahara laws.” Ty announces as the audience cheerleads, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“I see,” Dirk ponders and points a pale nose at me, “What to do!?” The audience boos, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
 “Sire, you cannot allow a second and third crime to go on, without punishment. Fighting among inmates is not permitted. Each citizen is reported as a criminal and then punished. This is the Royal law of Sahara.” The Bailiff rat-tattle-tales for all eardrums as the audience coos, softly.
“Stang,” whispering for my eardrums, only, when I swing a sour face at Rann. He stands against the wall with biceps folded over a dirty T-shirt waiting and watching before he kills Dirk in cold blood.
“You are correct, Bailiff.” Dirk addresses as the audience boos, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“Prisoner Ula, you were engaged in a fight. Do you disagree?” Dirk is mean.
“I cannot lie. I agree.” Ula is the victim as the audience boos, louder.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone.
The audience boos, louder.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“I charge you with the ‘Crime of Harassment.’ I sentence you to serve your crime for three additional months on Sahara. You will be pardoned once you have serviced your new crimes. Do you understand, Prisoner Ula?” Dirk is mean.
“Yes, Sire,” Ula meekly words as the audience boos, louder.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“Prisoner Starra, I realize you do not understand Sahara laws.” Dirk shares and sniggers like a sly fox as I do not speak but stare into his dancing dangerous green eyeballs as the audience boos, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
I swing a face at Rann. He has moved from the paint and stands ten feet between the air space of Ty and me closer to Dirk for an upcoming horse gallop forward and kill-blasting Dirk in the face with his maser. I sigh with deep concern.
“However…(pauses; views me)…you did accept the first ‘Crime of Stealing’ for the young child which you did not physically commit.” Dirk reminds all eardrums as the audience cheerleads, loudly. Finally, now! Some one noted that I didn’t do that crime, but I did do the time. I’m not a Prisoner but a substitute Prisoner. Thank you very much! I sigh with honor.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“Based on the new existence of hard evidence, a visual testimony, you, Countess Starra have committed a true second ‘Crime of Harassment’.” Dirk decrees as the audience boos, louder.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience boos, loudest.
“Silence!” Dirk yells and echoes the single word around the prison space as the audience only hollers at Dirk, not Ty. I sigh with justice.
“What about her third ‘Crime of Escape’?” The Bailiff rat-tattles as the audience boos, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“Ambassador Ty and other eye witnesses have explained that Prisoner Starra was aiding and rescuing the inmates during the fire, not trying to escape.” Dirk repeats as the audience cheerleads, louder.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“No one can escape from Sahara! Isn’t that correct, Ty?” Dirk quotes as the audience laughs, wildly.
“Yes, Sire,” Ty smiles and shares with a nod bob as Rann walks behind Ty slapping a right hand on the collar bone.
“I declare you absolved of the crime entitled ‘Escapement,’ but for your second crime….,” Dirk works the show as the audience boos, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“I convict and sentence, you, Prisoner Starra to serve six months of time on the planet of Sahara for the second ‘Crime of Harassment’.” Dirk declares with a bright smile as the audience boos then hollers foul words.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience boos and shouts more foul words at Dirk.
“Silence!” Dirk yells “Silence,” not calming the audience as I stand and sob wet hot tears of unhappiness.
I swing a sad face at Rann. He is mad, furious, and stomping boot toes towards Dirk to murder him in cold-blood in front of the prisoners, when Ty two-steps a body to the left directly into Rann’s foot path. Ty elegantly spins on boot heels and then football-shoves a right shoulder into Rann’s body. Ty holds Rann’s arms whispering a set of secret words into Rann’s then swiftly swings a body back to see a smiling Dirk. Ty is too calm and controlled in this deadly dilemma about me. I sigh with prison.
“Silence! Silence, your King has spoken,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via comfone as hovering Gbots move around Dirk floating in a completed circle like a company of professional ballet dancers as the audience boos and shouts vile words.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience boos.
“Silence!” Dirk yell and moves off the footstool…naw…dais and stands on the dirty tiles in his lavender bathroom robes. He shouts, “Enough,” as the audience boos, wildly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience boos.
“Silence!” Dirk yells as the audience boos, louder.
“King Dirk,” Ty singing in a sissy girly alto over the pig-squealing sounds as the audience immediately calms into a silence.
Wow! Ty’s the man while quietly smiling with a calm pleasure demeanor on his handsomely suntanned face. This is his castle, his planet, and his subjects, prisoners.
“Speak!” Dirk questions with tomcat curiosity.
“You have errored in your prison sentencing.” Ty calmly words, grinning with a pearly white smiles as the audience cheerleads, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“What!?” Dirk pig-squeals in tenor as the audience claps and laughs their asses off.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“Allow me to explain.” Ty continues, smiling with mystery.
“Proceed.” Dirk issues with mystery.
“The Royal law decrees the Crown determines if a citizen has committed a crime. If so, the prisoner is convicted and sentenced for punishment for the crime. The prisoner serves his or her time on the planet of Sahara.” Ty explains.
“Yessss,” Dirk hisses like a snake.
“Under Sahara law, if a citizen commits a second crime while serving his or her current time, the additional sentencing for the second or more crimes are determined by the Noble of Sahara.” Ty adds and clicks his tongue along with twists lips, right up into a nostril as the audience cheerleads, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“How!?” Dirk spits pretend rusty nails flying and sticking into his own boots.
“The new policy was submitted by Prince Rann, once the Noble of Sahara. The Noble law was approved and executed under King Bartholomew’s legal reign.” Ty includes as the audience cheerleads, louder.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“I see.” Dirk mumbles.
“Therefore, the Sahara Policy Number 813.90 states if any prisoner commits an additional crime on the Prison Planet, then the Noble of Sahara will determine the punishment deemed necessary, based on time served, behavior presented, family background, and inmates involved.” Ty finishes and bows at the waist like a true nobleman in the universe as the audience cheerleads, loudly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“You are a very wise noble, Ty. I commend your great skills and knowledge of the prison system and Sahara noble laws.” Dirk praises and smiles as the audience cheerleads, louder.
“I am the first Noble of Sahara, King Dirk. I know all the Sahara laws and prisoners.” Ty proudly proclaims as the audience cheerleads, wildly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“You are at that.” Dirk repeats and smirks as the audience cheerleads, wildly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“I, Ambassador Ty adjust for Prisoner Ula the ‘Crime of Harassment’ serving her prison punishment for three more days. In three days, she will complete her time served, be fully pardoned, and returned to her home world of Resort.” Ty decrees as the audience cheerleads, wildly.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
 “Countess Starra, who has thirty seconds remaining on her first sentence, so I, Ambassador Ty will adjust her second ‘Crime of Harassment’ serving her prison punishment for one week.” Ty declares and smiles at Dirk.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“One week! How is this calculated, Ty?” Dirk asked.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“The data is based on the first crime of stealing which she has completed her first sentence, the second crime of harassment, very good behavior, family background and inmates involved.” Ty explained. I didn’t understand, either. I’ll be serving only one more week, five more days, 100 more hours.
“Quiet,” the Master of Ceremonies yells via the comfone as the audience silences, quickly.
“I’d like for you to review those prison calculations with me.” Dirk orders as the audience cheerleads, softly.
“At your convenience, King Dirk,” Ty states and bows at the waist like a nobleman as the audience cheerleads, louder.
“I, King Dirk dismiss…(pauses)…Starra’s hearing.” Dirk proclaims as the audience cheerleads and stands from bleachers while going back to their fun with friends, families, and foes. The dais lifts and floats in the opposite direction from me with Dirk’s poorly paid slaves following the hovering footstool. I sigh with relieve.
“Thank you, Ty.” I swing and sprint into Ty’s opened arms of welcome, giggling with happiness that I’m still a prisoner, five more days, not six more months. Ty tenderly wraps biceps around me when Rann quickly pulls me away from the brotherly Teddy bear hug. He’s jealous. I have to remember that in the future, giggling. I sigh with true love.
“It’s a good thing Dirk didn’t know about Rann’s adjustment to the Sahara law for sentencing.” Ty chuckles his brilliant performance move with Rann and me.
“Dirk’s not a fool. He tried to stump you, but failed. I owe you one, buddy.” Rann firmly slaps a left hand on Ty’s right collar bone, since the right arm and hand hugs me. I sigh with true love.
“There’s always a second time to play the fool Dirk,” Ty laughs along with Rann.
I bug hug Rann tightly and call out in flute, “Thank you! Thank you! Ya’ll both stumped a foolish Dirk.” I sigh with gratitude.
“He isn’t that hard to fool…a third time, either,” Rann chuckles along with Ty and me.
“Starra’s extremely lucky that Dirk decreed his ruling within her time limit of a few minutes on Sahara. Or she’d be my prisoner for another six more months,” Ty teases and taps a right hand on my left collar bone.
“Starra would not be serving as a prisoner on Sahara, if that had happened, Ty,” Rann threatens in a deep baritone trombone while looking at Ty.
“No one has ever escaped Sahara, Rann!” Ty reminds, smiling.
“There’s always the first time, Ty!” Rann debates over me as Ty drops his mouth like a hungry shark then closes it and.
He threatens. “Don’t ever repeat that again, Rann….(chuckles)…if I’m standing in the same room with you, buddy,” he laughs his ass off along with Rann and me.
day 166. Starra’s prison jail cell. Morning. I awake seeing the same golden ceiling with the same eyeballs, jail. I sigh with depression.
At this rate, I’m never going to get married, since I’m never going to get out of here, jail. I sigh with dread.
I replay inside my bored mind. I was only defending my selfie against an Assassin, who was attempting to murder me. So, I’m sentenced for one week or five days in a week. There is 50 hours in a day, 50 minutes in an hour, and 50 seconds in a minute. I calculate the math inside my neurons. One week or five days or 100 hours or 5,000 minutes or 250,000 seconds, I marry Rann. Because, he told me so. Rann always keeps his promise to every one. I sigh with promise.
“Prisoner Starra,” Ubot hums, “Breakfast is served.” I cringe with my new title. I sigh with disappointment.
I hear with big Tele-ears, since eyelashes are closed for pretend fun of sleep, a long food tray bang against the jail door’s archway. I lost my handsome and devoted honor guard unit, not to worry. Ty’s here. He’s in charge of his castle, his prison, and his planet, personally watching and monitoring me along with the new comlens installed into my prison jail cell, yesterday evening.
He promised Rann to protect me for the extended time one week, 5 days, 100 hours, 5,000 minutes or 250,000 seconds, ya’ll. I sigh with safety.
No one’s going to harm me. Ty and Rann both had a major pow-wow meeting with the rest of the Sahara nice and nasty boy and girl Prison Guards along with some of the more influential life time permanent prison inmates of the Prison Planet. I wasn’t invited, of course, but heard rumors. Sizzling gossip travels fast than a real flaming corridor fire.
Rann has offered lots and lots of his currs for my protection. In the same sentence, he has offered instantaneous immediate painful death by his naked hand attacked to his deadly maser for any harm to his precious petite princess…(like the ‘p’ sounds)…..or me. Noting late last evening night, some of the prison inmates were giving me a wide berth as I strolled to my prison jail cell room. I’m not popular, but protected. I sigh with true love.
“Get up!” Sim mice-squeaks standing inside my prison jail cell archway then marches inside. She sits on the edge of the bed mattress, “What we going to do today, Starra?” Ula arrives eating and holding her food tray with a right hand while working teeth and tongue with the left hand and chews. Then she swallows and.
She suggests. “We could go to the tryouts.” Ula shuffles sneakers into the room then sits inside the chair at the small table dumping the food tray on the wood.
“Tryouts!?” Sim repeats with a cute face.
“At the Game stadium, today,” Ula updates when Jia and Jai enter one at a time through my door way without food tray but decide to lift the lid and enjoy mine. The twins are bold and beautiful and don’t take ding dongs from anyone. I sigh with okay-ness.
“Are we allowed...,” Jia starts.
“….to leave the prison?” Jai finishes.
“If we want to tryout for the Game, we are.” Ula shares then burps in musically c-sharp from the good food. “I wanna tryout for the Game sport.”
“We are!?” I question with duck lips, ugly. “Ya do!?”
“I’d like to play a sport,” Sim announces with intrigue as I slide lips, left with puzzlement about this entire conversation.
“So would I?’ Jai comments.
“I would so.” Jia comments ass-backwards.
I cram a single biscuit from my leftover food tray into my mouth then polish off a glass of milk, chew fast then swallow. I smile and share. “Let’s go to Commerce! Check out the Game opportunities!” My girl pals hoot like barn owls while I hop off the bed. We exit my jail cell.
I don’t bother to change out of a wrinkled golden halter top and split-sided skirt coupled with the thigh-high leather boots, since I don’t dream of winning a Game player spot on one of the Noble ball teams. I don’t give a shit, since I don’t know much about the Game. Of course, I do.
There is an oval ball, ten big bulky players, and a yelling coach. O! And there’re lots and lots of blood, guts, bones, and flesh spread over the manicured green field, after all the dust, liquids and fighting ends. I cringe with make-believe pain, since some of my girl pals really want to play this dangerous and deadly sport. I sigh with guts.
I have one goal, marriage. That ain’t going to happen, today, in six days. Absolutootly! So, I’ll settle for an alternative, getting out of my prison jail cell for a few hours, see the sun, feel the wind, and smell the fresh air.
And, Ty’s too busy with Sahara prison work, like Rann on the Agri farm work, and even like Dirk with the Royal work, counting Royal currs stolen from Rann. I snort like a wild-ass while pretending to be a “free citizen” for a few hours, today. I sigh with temporary freedom.
Commerce. Game stadium. green field. yellow sun. baby blue sky. white clouds. 81ºF. morning.
I stare and smile at the pretty day with the bright burning sunshine burning my freckles, since I can’t be at the swimming pool, tanning. I, also, vent out my nose holes traveling by freighter ship along with the smelly citizens and more smelly animals, a few hidden odors fresh cow shit and a dead chicken in the hot and humid enclosed bimpy-thingy. I sigh with oxygen.
A garrison of Sahara Prison Guards surround and escort us like a gang of prisoners…naw…real prisoner towards a right open Stadium gate. Then, the Guards pad towards the metal bleachers watching our body movement each holding an armed maser rifle. I sigh with prisoner.
I lead my girl pals to an open newly sodden and manicured green grass with white pretty horizontal lined field, seeing the new Game candidates exercising for the Game tryouts. I sigh with boredom.
The fresh air and hot sunshine is working while activating my mischievous neurons. I walk bravely towards a gathered group of Game players then stop. I swing a face behind a right shoulder smiling at Ula. She smiles back at me then I twist a smiling face to the coach, who yell at the Game candidates. I shout in piccolo. “I wanna participate in the Game.”
“The cheerleaders are forming a line…(points at bleachers)…. over there, doll.” One of the big fugly ugly rude Game players insults me as the other Game players, assistant Coaches, and Game candidates snicker against me. I sigh with respect.
“Shut up, fool,” Ula yells, standing on a left side as friendly ally Game players, assistant Coaches, and Game candidates snicker against me for a second time. I sigh with disrespect.
“I wanna to play in the Game,” whining my silly request as the Game players, assistant Coaches, and Game candidates snicker against me for a third time.
“The Countess wants to play ball.” Ula repeats my silly request for annoyance as a tall bigger uglier and meaner Coach-man paces three sneakers towards me.
The Coach-man asks. “What position is the Countess qualified to assume?” The Coach-man appears like an ancient Earth myth, Santa Claus. He is average height man with a big round belly and a long white beard.
“Kicker, running back or maybe quarterback,” desiring my more challenging position. Man, I can fight. It beat Dirk every single time in the past alien time lines, so I desire to try a least physical side of the play action And with my Tele-powers, I can toss the ball and catch for the touchdown between the goal posts for the win as a one wo-man team, giggling.
The Coach-man grins. “Let’s see, you’re too short for a quarterback and then too short for a defensive linebacker, and too short for an offensive tackle. All the running back positions are filled, except ya can be on the fifth string backup team.” The Game players, assistant Coaches, and Game candidates snicker against me. I sigh with disrespect.
Everyone knows that the backup team stops at the fourth-string inexperienced players, the absolute worse ones not on the field, but they suit up with the team jerseys and stand with the talented players with honor. Rann and Ty talks about the ball Game inside the Sahara sky box at the Game all the dang time while I eat all the dang time without watching with eyeballs, just listen with eardrums. I do know a lot about the Game, compliments of my man, Rann. I wish he play hooky from the Agri farm work and visit with me, here, now, today for some K and K, ya’ll. Kiss and Kuddle, honey-bunny! I sigh with true love.
The rude and meanie Coach-man isn’t showing me any honor. He offers. “As for the Game position of kicker, I got a good offensive kicker. What I need is a special team Kicker, however…, he pauses then cuts eyelids to the assistant coach then return eyeballs to me, smiling, “If ya toss me, little lady, then ya can play on my Game team.”
I slant eyes to the right to the manicured grass and then to the left at more manicured grass while calculating like a devious lady bug, “Which direction, Coach?” The Game players, assistant Coaches, and Game candidates snicker against me. I sigh with respect.
Ula cuddles a face onto my left collar bone, threatening like a proper personal secretary for all eardrums, “Lemme toss him for ya, Countess. I know you won’t get on the noble team, but I’ll very much enjoy it for certain.” Ula smiles, doggie drooling mouth saliva with pleasure. Game players, assistant Coaches, and Game candidates snicker against me. I sigh with respect.
Coach ain’t smiling, since he knows as well as I. That I can order Ula to take my place. This whole universe accepts the challenges and the abuses of other folks carrying out their dirty deeds. I sigh with intolerance.
And I’m here, not enjoying the sun and the swimming pool at my noble castle with my fiancé, Rann. The things I have to do for fun entertainment from my small confided prison jail cell. I sigh with amusement.
I bow my arms signaling an acceptance of his challenge as the Coach-man back two paces on sneakers from me. I step backwards with more working room, placing boot toes in a wide open stance for an anticipated attack…naw…test, giggling. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers ting. 
Out of a left peripheral eyeball, I see him. Man, wishes do come true! Rann is strutting in knee boots besides a polished golden vested Ty while both are playing hookie from work, finger pointing, shaking hands, and slapping collar bone with the Game candidates like a crooked politician, not good. Rann is searching for new Game candidates for the sorry Agri farmers, think not. I sigh with frustration.
The Coach-man swings a face along with a fat belly plus the other Game players and Game candidates to Rann and Ty. The Coach-man enlightens. “Sire, you’re in time. I’m testing a new Kicker.” The two arrogant Nobles survey and whisper about the Game candidates while knocking skulls, together like school elementary farts.
Ty halts a right boot in mid-air then stops and stares a sour face at me with shock, surprise, and concern while Rann calmly strolls behind, then stops and drops a mouth like a hungry shark, no words. Ty holds Rann’s right forearm while halting Rann’s forward motion to me. I T-scan with Telepathy an open mind finding Rann terribly upset, confused, and worried about. I sigh with sweet candy.
I take over the show. “I’m ready,” yelling for full attention, smirking as the Coach-man swings a body towards me. I bend kneecaps for the attack….naw…the tryout, giggling. The Coach-man bows a set of thick biceps open like a Teddy bear embrace. Nothing!
He isn’t going to attack me, but hug me into quitting. I’m not giving up, making the first move, lifting a right boot toe then stomp forward.
The Coach-man swiftly reacts and leaps, kitten-like, not covering hardly an inch of math distance between us with fat arms fluttering in the air like an Agri butterfly. I’m quicker, quickly grabbing a flinging fat forearm. He magical floats as a zipper while spinning around and around and around from my T-spin using Telekinesis, since I T-control both the height of three-feet and a speed of two-miles-per-hour. After the fourth rotation, I release his arm. 
Then the Coach-man soar like an Agri birdie in the smooth wind and gently lands on a fat belly as I T-fly him with my Telekinesis. He flips and flops like a dead fish from the ocean up and down on arms, hands, legs, and sneakers, breathing hard and heavy tons of air molecules from fear and fright. He’s not hurt. I sigh with fun.
I ain’t going to hurt him, since the Coach-man is a nice person, even with his nasty insult. I do, indeed, believe he has learned a valuable lesson, do not judge a book by its cover, an old Earth expression.
I T-zap with Telemetabolics while scanning his biological condition, fine and fat. He’s overweight contributing to a heavy landing and a confused state of mind as the Game players, assistant Coaches, and Game candidates gallop to him. I sigh with respect.
Bbots hover and hums with an oxygen tank and a bag of medical supplies to care for him as the Game players, assistant Coaches, and Game candidates pamper the Coach-man like a Woof puppy with care, too.
Rann swiftly shifts boot toes from Ty and forcefully grabs my right forearm then firmly pulls me towards an open field, unoccupied by citizens and very close to a hot body. He wants to talk to me, “What are you doing, here, Starra?” We travel away from the crowded commotion, alone, into the grassy field.
“Trying out for a position…,” of Game player. And I smile and flirt for fun between his biceps.
“I don’t mean, here at the Game tryouts, Starra. I mean….,” dumps Rann, when I cut off his sentence like mine.
“I know,” what you mean, Rann. And I giggle and flirt for fun between his biceps as we march towards the building.
“Then, explain to me, again. Why are you here, at the Game field, Starra?” He demands.
I confess. “I was bored. I wanted to get out of my jail cell.”
“Starra, you’re not a criminal. You shouldn’t be in a jail cell.” He commented.
“I know,” that. I’m your princess. And I smile and flirt with batting eyelashes at Rann.
“The game, the sport, and the prison are all very dangerous for you, Starra.” He expresses from a personal point of view.
“I know,” that. I’m a Tele. And I smile and giggle with batting eyelashes at Rann.
“I’m trying my very best to protect you, Starra.” He comments.
“I know,” that. Rann isn’t using the cute pet names with me. then Rann pushes me away from the Teddy bear cuddle. We stand and face each other like an angry arguing couple does.
“Why are you doing this?” He asks while staring at me.
I shrug a left shoulder with nervousness, “I’m just having some fun, Rann,” confessing my evil deed.
Rann yells. “Having fun!” He exhales dirty air then inhales clean air and orders in baritone trombone. “I’ll escort you back to the Prison Planet.” He stomps a right boot toe towards me as I step a left boot heel away from Rann and.
I pout lips, cute-like, since I don’t like that command. “I came with my girls.” Rann flecks eyelids towards the commotion behind us, since he faces the Game players, coaches, and the prisoners.
He looks at me, “Your girls!?” He exhales air then inhales clean air. “I heard you had a following.” Rann wrinkles a forehead, ugly while shaking a black skull side to side as I fold naked arms over my cute gold halter top, slamming and cutting some of the exposed arm skin into the tiny gem stones.
“Don’t embarrass me?” I demand of his presence. Rann gets really miffed at me then back steps a left boot heel and.
He stutters, “Embarrass… (pauses)…you!?...(exhales air)…I believe you…(pauses)…are the lady, embarrassing me.” I drop my mouth like a hungry shark and stomp a right boot toe into his face.
I sweet breathe, “I…(pauses)…am an embarrassment to you. Is that what you are telling me, sir?” Rann purses lips, ugly while folding two biceps over a naked chest with a stare down…naw…a stand down….naw…a stand off. He wears his old tradition outfit of a white vest, sleeveless and shirtless coupled with a matching pair of white trousers neatly tucked into a pair of black spit-polished knee boots.
“Maybe,” Rann sings in baritone trombone.
I suck in air molecules and sing in flute, “Maybe, I’ll be an embarrassment to you at the wedding.”
“Maybe,” Rann sings in baritone trombone.
I suck in air molecules and sing in flute, “Maybe, we should postpone the wedding.”
“Maybe,” Rann sings in baritone trombone.
I suck in air molecules and sing in flute, “Maybe, we should cancel the wedding.”
“Maybe,” Rann sings in baritone trombone.
I suck in air molecules and sing in flute, “Maybe, we should not get married.”
“Maybe,” Rann sings in baritone trombone as I suck in air molecules then cut eyelashes down at my left hand.
I pull…naw…yank…naw…jerk…at the eight carat diamond ring then tug the tight gold circle off a bloated fourth ring finger. The weather is beautifully hot and humid inside the Game stadium, making my five fingers bloated with both water and sweat after a physical exercise flinging of the Coach-man’s fat body across the green field. Finally, the diamond rings loosens then I toss it into the air. Rann’s quick catching the ring with five finger pads, without smiling. I don’t smile, either. He doesn’t speak, and I don’t speak, neither, babe. His brown eyes are sad and my gray eyes are sadder.
Then, I swing a body away from Rann and swiftly march like a majorette on my cute thigh-high boots out of eyesight. I head into the Game Player’s Locker Room with wet moisture filling eye sockets, only seeing a blurry outline of a tall four-story building. I keep marching with my chin high as my eye sockets flood with wet hot tears rolling down two cheekbones. I sigh with unhappiness.
locker room. I slam the wood open as Building’s door’s hydraulics silently close it shut then march down an empty corridor, alone. I slap the wood open as the Locker Room’s door’s hydraulics silently close it shut. I sigh with quietness.
I stumble over big feet then tumbled over weak legs into a dark open cold temperature space with full blow crying in full force. Then I slowly pace towards a Locker #13 in the wall corner folding a body and cramming into the little triangular-shaped white wooden hut. I close the triangular-shaped wooden little door without sound while crying, alone by selfie. This is an awful alien time line. I wanna go back to my real home, Planet Earth, Starbuck Plantation. I sigh with homesickness.
I fold two arms over a pair of bend bony kneecaps placing a sweaty forehead gently over my elbows, crying and sobbing with lots of wet hot tears. Then, I hear loud noises like animal grunts coming from an outer hallway. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-power alert.
“Starra!?” Rann voices in a loud baritone trombone echoing down the hallway, into the Locker Room, through the triangular-shaped hut and into my eardrums.
“Go away, Rann,” whispering for my eardrums, only, without lifting a face from my elbows.
“Rann!?” Ty voices in a loud trumpet tenor echoing down the hallway, into the Locker Room, through the triangular-shaped hut and into my eardrums.
“Go away, Ty,” whispering for my eardrums, only, without lifting a face from my elbows.
“Where are you, Starra?” Rann shouts in baritone trombone and stands inside a dark unoccupied quiet locker room as I fold and hide my body into Locker #13. He flips the light switch to ‘on’ while surveying with eyeballs a cold empty space.
“Where are you, Rann?” Ty shouts in trumpet tenor from the outer hallway while peek-a-booing a face between a door frame of a lighted room.
“Here,” Rann calls while scanning with eyeballs around the space.
“What are you doing?” Ty steps boot toes inside while staring at Rann as Rann swings a face to Ty.
“Looking for Starra,” Rann voices with pursed lips, ugly while Ty neck snaps a face around an empty cold temperature space.
“Is she here?” Ty asks then views Rann when Rann shakes a black skull side to side.
“I did not think so.” Rann concludes. Ty firmly pats a right collar bone.
He updates. “She’s mad. Give her some time to calm down.” Time to calm down! Yeah, babe about a thousand and one years from, now, if Rann is a lucky boy then I might be a little more tolerable. I sigh with sadness.
“What am I going to do with her?” Rann questions then folds biceps across his chest while seeking friendly advice from his best pal.
“I thought you’re going to marry her,” Ty chuckles.
“I am trying,” Rann remarks.
“She returned the engagement ring to you, I see.” Ty observes Rann holding the big shiny diamond inside his right hand.
“I’m so lost.” Rann twist arms then holds the ring into his face almost talking to it, instead of Ty.
“Starra needs freedom and purpose. She’s a very high spirited and independent girl.” Ty compliments as I secretly listen and mentally think. Yeah, baby, that’s me.
“She’s also reckless and careless.” Rann insults as I secretly listen and mentally think. Hey, man, that ain’t me.
“She can be. Starra has good intentions.” Ty compliments and chuckles as I secretly listen and mentally think. That’s right, babe!
 “Starra has great intentions. She’s beloved by everyone,” Rann compliments as I listen and think. That’s great!
“You and her are perfect, together, Rann.” Ty compliments as I secretly listen and mentally think. Yeah, boy, we are. I sigh with true love.
“I know,” Rann remarks.
“You can’t control her.” Ty comments.
“I can’t convenience her, either.” Rann remarks.
“Then, don’t?” Ty suggests.
“What?” Rann smart-asses with a frown at his best pal.
“Allow Starra to have her way?” Ty suggests.
“She wants to participate in the Game. This sport is too dangerous for her. I don’t want her playing.” Rann demands.
“Starra’s a very talented girl. You can’t keep telling her what to do.” Ty observes as I listen and think. That’s right. You tell him, Ty.
“I know. What am I to do?” Rann asks.
“Your only option is to let her play.” Ty suggests.
“Are you crazy, Ty? Starra’ll get hurt, maybe…(pauses)…killed.” Rann argues.
“Not if, we’re very careful, Rann…,” Ty snorts like a wild-ass boar as I listen very carefully.
“What do you mean?” Rann asks.
“Starra is spreading her wings as a noblette.” Ty remarks.
“That’s an understatement.” Rann remarks.
“She can play for me on my team.” Ty comments.
“The Sahara Golden Warriors are the toughest and strongest and meanest Game team in the universe.” Rann observes.
“I know,” Ty shares and smile.
“She can’t compete with highly trained and talented professional athletics.” Rann explains.
“I know,” Ty shares and smile.
“I don’t understand your logic, buddy.” Rann expresses.
“I am the owner.” Ty shares and smiles.
“Yes.” Rann agrees.
“I am the manager.” Ty shares and smiles.
“Yes.” Rann agrees.
“I call the plays.” Ty shares and smiles.
“Yes.” Rann agrees.
“I handle the players.” Ty shares and smiles.
“Yes.” Rann agrees.

“I’ll draft Starra and play her in the Game practice for…(chuckles)…fun. She’ll be humiliated then quit. Her prison sentence is completed. And Dirk’ll release her from her prison jail. Next, Starra’ll be a free noblette and back into your arms within the week.” Ty comments and chuckles.
“Yes…(chuckles)…I mean, too bad.” Rann corrects and chuckles along with Ty.
“Too bad,” Ty repeats and chuckles along with Rann.
“Starra has so much heart and soul for the Game.” Rann laughs his ass off along with Ty.
“I agree.” Ty laughs his ass off along with Rann.
“Excellent plan!” Rann chuckles.
“Thank you!” Ty greets.
“Great geniuses think alike,” Rann compliments and laughs his butthole off as I secretly fume inside my hut-shaped hole.
“When ‘plan A’ does not work, go to ‘plan B’.” Ty laughs his butthole off.
“Let’s get back to the field and find Starra.” Rann orders as they nosily exit the Locker Room while laughing like Agri jackals. I don’t hear any more voices or footballs inside the Locker Room or outside the hallway.
I push open the triangular hut door then unfold from a pretzel into an upright angry Greek goddess of storming battle while standing with naked arms crossed over the gem stones. “Plan B,” huffing and puffing with tons of air molecules with dry eye sockets. I sigh with revenge.
I smash dried tears and eye crust with both hands from moisture eye sockets while slowly stumbling out the Locker Room then down the hallway and into a bright sun. I am trapped, but I have “plan C.” I just have to figure it out before I reach the ball field.
Game manicured green grass field. I snail-walk on boot toes hitting grass as all eyeballs watch me. I hope my freckles ain’t too water-stained with tears, losing my tough girl image, now. The Coach-man is yelling at someone as my girl pals sit cross-legged in an ugly circle on the field while watching, talking, and laughing.
Ula, of course, is vigilantly watching out of a left corner of her eyeballs for rapid body movement while immediately spotting me. She gets up on sneakers then runs to greet me, “Are you alright, Starra?” I snail-walk with her towards the Coach-man for ‘plan C.’
“Fine,” singing in a flat bass flute. I sigh with sorrow.
Rann hangs in grassy background around the Game players giving ball pointers on playing positions and stances like a professional athletic as I swiftly plop a body on soft grass beside my girl pals. The Coach-man finishes a yelling at the young kid then swings a face to me.
He smiles and proposes, “Well, Countess, you’ve qualified as my backup Kicker as far as I’m concerned. I’ve to get the okay from the Boss, first.” Just my luck, the Boss and his bossy Sidekick are here while walking in my direction. The Coach-man turns sideways from me to face Ty. He updates, smiling. “Ambassador, I want to offer the backup kicker position to Starra. She did pass my little test.” He smiles with pride as Ty smirks and Rann grins with their evil done deal about me. I sigh with dookieness.
I’m the pawn, again. I don’t bother to stand, salute or bow to the arrogant noblemen sitting my tiny fanny on the cool grass, since I know the answer to the Coach-man’s question. I had overheard the arrogant noblemen talking about me inside the Locker Room, “plan B” as Ty so cleverly called it. I sigh with disgust.
Man, I’m trapped, again. Even after I serve my jail time as a prisoner on Sahara, I’ll be obligated to Ty as a player on his noble team. Then I’ll have to make another deal to get out of his noble arrangement involving and revolving around Rann. Since, he’s the true deal maker of my life. I sigh with angry.
Ty doesn’t bother to lower his noble position to me, either while hovering over my hair roots with a dog sneer. He orders. “Please stand!” I twist the legs then stand soldierly, since I’m a prisoner for another week, not a noblette. Ty smiles and plays his noble role, “Countess Starra, I personally witnessed your amazing talent, throwing a very large male across the field. You’re most qualified to play any ball position in the Game.” He doesn’t insult, like Rann. So I’ll award brownie points as the Game players, assistance coaches, the new Game players, and my girl pal coos like Agri doves.
“I’d be honored and privileged to have you on my noble team, playing the position of backup Kicker for the Sahara Golden Warriors.” He smiles and offers a right hand.
I fold naked arms over the tiny gem stones on halter top, “How much?”
Ty drops his mouth open then closes it, “I beg your pardon.” He still extends a right hand to me for sealing the verbal agreement.
“How many currs does a backup Kicker receive for playing on the Sahara Golden Warriors?” I demand as Ty stares at me. Then Ty cuts eyelids to Rann. I smile with good teeth at Ty then slice eyelashes at Rann. Since, Rann and Ty both forgot about that negotiated curr part of the Game program as the Game players, assistance Game coaches, the new Game players, and my girl pal gobble like farm turkeys.
Ty offers in trumpet tenor while rotating neck muscles around his noble team, “Currs with be paid handsomely for all ball positions with the Warriors. I’ll arrange an individual session with each team Game player, this afternoon, after returning back to my castle.”
That answer ain’t good enough for me. I shout in piccolo. “Naw! I wanna know, now, Ambassador Ty. That’s the point of playing for a certain team based on my talents and the noble, who will pay the highest curr amount for me. Isn’t it, sir?” I say for all eardrums, since ya’ll can’t argue with logic, especially Starra’s alien logic. Gotcha! I sigh with victory.
Rann swiftly paces behind my rear end and announces for all eardrums, “Starra, don’t worry? You’ll be well compensated for your talents as a team Game player.”
I don’t care about the currs. I have more than enough currs in my account, ninety-million currs. Ty can pay me eight currs or eight-million currs. This is about my freedom in the universe which I lost insulting Dirk. That act and reaction has landed me in prison for another week.
Then I use a little bite of influence for a little bit of freedom from prison by flying to Commerce for some fun with my girl pals. We hang around the ball field when encountering an obstacle, Rann. He likes to control every situation, a little too much in my opinion, since he likes to control me, but can’t. I snigger like a sly fox.
Now, I find myself still serving a prison sentence inside a jail cell paired with becoming a legally obligated player for a Game team. Therefore, there’s no freedom for me in this time line. Rann is correct, since I really don’t know anything about the Game. My blunder is too perfect for Rann.
Ty’s smart, also, using my playing status as a team member in exchange for leverage to gain my freedom from the prison, not from Rann. Rann’s mad with me, too, but that’ll pass. All things pass in time. I sigh with disappointment.
“Any more questions, Countess Starra?” Ty stares, not smiling at me. Since, I mentally plot ‘plan C.’ Ty cut eyelids to his noble Game team of old and new players standing beside the Coach-man. The good little devoted girls and boys shake sweaty hair roots side to side in silence acknowledgement, “Very good!” Ty smiles and proclaims that all’s well within the Sahara Golden Warriors.
“King Dirk,” a Game player exclaims across the field as eyeballs turn to Dirk then some face bow towards the manicured grass. I don’t bow or spit in Dirk’s direction along with both Ty and Rann. Everything ain’t fine. My Tele-powers ring.
I T-zap with Telepathy for fun reading some particular open non-guard minds, giggling. Rann is fuming mentally with a trio of seriously wicked vile actions at Dirk, so I’m glad Rann’s not carrying one of his favored weapons, maser. Ty is smoking mentally with a couple of similar ferocious foul thoughts at Dirk, so I’m relieved that Ty is a true nobleman, carrying that maser hidden inside his golden vest pocket.
“Your Royal Highness, what’s your pleasure this afternoon?” The Coach-man meets and greets happily as other bob sweaty hair roots up and down lke good royal subjects of the Crown. Dirk paces in lavender bathroom robes….naw…silk cloak under a purple tunic and trousers with shiny knee-boots towards the semi-round circle.
He updates with a smile, “I’m recruiting candidates for my team, the Commerce Royalists and the Bonita Loyalists.” Original titles, maybe Dirk has brains, definitely no currs. I slide lips, left as Dirk swings a face to Ty with interest. “Has your team been filled, Ambassador Ty?”
“Yes, Sire.” Ty addresses as a polished nobleman.
“Rann?” Dirk inquires while eyeballing Rann.
“My team is ready for action.” Rann remarks as Dirk scans with eyeballs all the acquired…naw…brought old and new Game players within the huddle. Then his green eyes meet me.
“Starra!? What are you doing, here at the ball field on Commerce?” Dirk inquires with tomcat curiosity while I kinda hide between Ula and Ty. Before I explain, the Coach-man steps forward a sneaker and a smile with an explanation of my social visit to Commerce on a hot and beautiful summer time day.
He announces with pride. “This little Noblette is going to be my backup Kicker for the Sahara Golden Warriors.” Dirk roll eyeballs up and down along a vertical body with duck lips, ugly and.
He intrigues, “Ya play ball, Starra?” The Coach-man bobs a skull up and down like a farm pony for more oats and.
He compliments…way too much, “She’s good.” Keep talking Coach! Dirk’s very amused and much more interested in me while Rann getting very heated and very jealous of me. I giggle with a girly twang, because if Dirk doesn’t leave, Rann’s going to start and end a fight with murdering the ‘King of the Universe’ center stage of Game player eye witnesses. I sigh with intrigue.
However, I don’t want Rann to go to jail, since that won’t do much good, now. He’s the formal master…naw…noble of the Prison Planet.
But, I’d love to see Rann sucker punch a right fighting fist at Dirk and Dirk’s nose. That’d greatly improve Dirk’s physical appearance, a bit. I giggle with my day dream.
Dirk clears a dry throat while staring at me then blurbs with intriguing tenor, “Have you accepted the position, Starra!?” Dirk is very quick to ask me as I swing a sour face at a stern Rann. His folded hand fists are turning stark white with tension, fury and jealousy.
So, I part the lips and exhale air molecules when Ty is quicker than I, “We…(views me)…are negotiating fees.”
Dirk drops his mouth then uprights it into a bright smile of yellow stained teeth, staring at me, “Then, it’s my understanding that you have not agreed to play for Sahara.” I sigh with surprise.
“Right, Your Highness.” I’m quicker than Ty and smile at Dirk, since this is the Conqueror card I looking for or hoping to steal from former boyfriend, Rann. I sigh with quick-silver.
“Allow me, the honor of doubling your currs as Kicker for the Bonita Loyalists.” Dirk is quicker than Ty and counter-offers to me. Since Ty has refused to tattle tale my Game curr figure, where Dirk has pleasantly offered to employ me as his new field Kicker. I sigh with delight.
“Dirk, you can’t steal from me.” Ty reacts viciously while stomping a right boot toe towards Dirk as Dirk smiles folding lavender silky robes over more lavender silky robes, staring at Ty.
Dirk challenges, “Can’t I?” He views me and proposes, not marriage. Man, we went through that concept. Dirk propose a kicking position, “Starra, did not accept your proposal from Ty…(smiles)…yet?” This is my golden grizzly bear opportunity to buy back my freedom and find out Dirk’s hidden evil agenda in the ninth time line. Well, I know part of it, kill me or kill Rann or kill both of us, since I’ll get the right answer from the snake’s forked v-shaped pink tongue.
I pace a left boot toe then a right boot toe and stand even with bad breathe. I sweet breathe on his chest, being only five feet, one inch to five feet, ten inches, “Dirk, I like your proposal, buddy. But, I have a counter offer, sir,” hissing like a snake for fun.
“Name it?” He intrigues with me, smirking.
“How many players have you recruited, so far, Dirk?” I ask.
Dirk laughs his ass off and tattles, “Including you, one.”
I laugh my pretty ass off and swiftly negotiate, “Well, sir, half a Game team has accompanied me to the ball field, today. They might can fill some vital Game positions within your new ball squad. I, Captain of the Squad would like to propose hiring all of us at a rate of five-million currs, apiece.” I swing a face behind a left collar bone and inquire with my girl pals, “What do you think Squad? Do ya’ll agree?” My girl pals smile and clap hands then jump upright onto shoe soles bouncing like dog fleas up and down in the grass.
“Yeah, alright!” Ula remarks, smiling.
“Go ahead. “ Jai comments, smiling.
“I like it.” Jia remarks, smiling.
“What!?” Little Sim is totally lost while scanning a puzzled innocent face around the grass.
I neck snap a smiling face to Dirk plus the Madonna open arm move while wiggling my ten finger pads in the air for drama. “You can take it, or leave it, sir?” I swing a smiling face at Ty then cut eyelashes to Rann. The boys ain’t smiling, not very happy as my girl pals pig-squeal and bunny hop single or paired around the manicured grass behind me.
Rann steps a right boot toe then a left boot toe right into Dirk’s ugly face as I two-step to the left away from a bull-raging Rann. They stand nose to nose. Rann smart-asses, “You can’t be seriously concerning Starra’s outrageous Game player bid, Dirk.” The invisible air immediately thickens with hot emotions and heated tension. I sigh with intrigue.
Ty twists a sour face to the Coach-man and orders in trumpet tenor, “Coach, please, take my new Game members and assign them their Game positions and curr rates.” The Coach-man bobs a skull up and down then swings a body towards the Game players. He finger points at the Locker Room for the acquired Game players to follow him while Ty swings a sour face to the right at my prison cell girl pals, “Ladies, I’ll discuss your Game positions on the Bonita noble team, this afternoon, after I meet with the King. I believe the departing Freighter ship to Sahara leaves in thirty minutes, I’d strongly suggest that you not be late.” The Sahara Prison Guards surround my girl pals then the Captain of the unit leads Ula and my girl pals out the Stadium gate to the Freighter ship for Sahara.
I don’t move a muscle while standing and seething in fury with naked arms folded across the gem stones on my halter top. I don’t speak while holding my grassy ground for war battle. And I plan to win legal or illegally. I sigh with winner.
“Why not?” Dirk bad breathes into Rann’s face as Ty stomps a right boot toe and occupies a left nose profile, since Rann blocks Dirk’s chest cavity.
“The female Prisoners aren’t trained as professional athletics, Dirk. They’ll get killed in the first scrimmage. I promise you that.” Ty debates, good.
“Three of female prisoners appear very fine and fit for Game professional sports. Anyways, to debate your illogic, you were going to hire Starra. She has no qualifications as a Game player and does she look like any professional athletic.” Dirk argues, very well.
“Hey, I resent…,” objecting my fury.
“Not now, Starra.” Rann commands like former boyfriend.
“Starra is trained as a warrior. We both know she can take care of herself in a cat fight.” Ty debates, greatly.
“That’s better,” whispering for my eardrums, only and bobbing my curls up and down like a farm pony.
“I’m not worried about the Countess. Sim, my inmate is only thirteen-years-old. She’s very young, inexperienced, and naïve, Dirk. She probably can’t even comprehend the Game rules, much less play a vital Game position on your Bonitian team.” Ty debates, very well. I swallow a lump of rich bitter bile back down a tight throat. Man, I have done it, again. I have accidentally involved the innocents into my mental ‘game’ play, because, I’m a very young Noblette…naw…dumbette, too. I sigh with immaturity.
“I note your wise Game advice regarding player Sim. As a matter of fact, all medical and social electronic files on the female Prisoners would be very helpful for me as I decide, determine and fill each Game position on my Bonita and Commerce teams. I’ll send Sbots for the electronic datum, this afternoon, Ty. But, I’m still going to accept the bid offered by Starra. I want a team. I desire a team. And I will have a team…(views me)…Starra, you’re the Negotiator, here, now. Do you accept my counter offer of Game positions and currs for the Bonita Game team?” Dirk finishes as I swing a stern face to a sour puss Ty. Then I cut eyelashes to a sour puss Rann and stomp a right boot toe then a left boot toe between Rann and Ty. I mouth spit on a right palm and slowly extend it to Dirk.
“Yelp, let’s play ball, dude!” I cheerlead with glee.
“Stang!” Rann cusses in a deep baritone tuba for all eardrums as I stare and smile at Dirk. Dirk slowly extends a right shaking hand and then gingerly touches the middle finger of my hand with an index finger and thumb pad, sealing our Game deal, good enough. I sigh with victory.
“Excellent, Starra!” He quickly jerks back his fingers like I’m a live snake then views Ty. “Ty, we can work out a practice schedule with the female Prisoners, tomorrow.” Dirk smiles and shares as Ty bobs a skull up and down and.
“Yes, Your Highness! I’ll cooperate with any of your ideas.” Ty doesn’t agree but complies.
“Good day nobles! Starra, I’ll see you, tomorrow morning, at our first Game player ball practice, here at this ball field.” Dirk commands and chuckles.
I bob my curls up and down like a farm pony, acting like a real devoted Royal subject, “Yes, Sire.” I’m in Dirk’s pretty good graces, since I don’t trust the snake. And Dirk doesn’t trust me, but I have more time for my secret work, without bossy Rann bossy tripping over my summer sandals. I sigh with toil.
Dirk elegantly pivots in flowing lavender bathroom robes along with his matching lavender colored coordinated slave crew of boys and girls towards the Stadium gate as I swing a smiling to Rann then cut eyelashes to Ty. They are streaming with invisible rays of hot steam at me. I sigh with victory.
Ty formally addresses both my title and my error in trumpet tenor, “Countess Starra, until your Game practice commences, tomorrow, you are still a Prisoner and serving your time at my Prison. Since, you have missed the transport freighter to Sahara then you can ride with me, unless you prefer I arrange a second Freighter for your private ship accommodations.” Man, he’s really miffed out!
I wiggle a body, a skull, and two arms like a little kid, singing in nervous flute, “No, a second ship is not necessary. I’d be very grateful and pleased to ride with you back to my prison jail cell as your Prisoner. Thank you, Ambassador Ty.” Ouch, that hurt! I hope it hurt Rann’s feelings as well. Because, he had trapped me within my silly mistake of the Game.
Rann twists a fine and fit body away from me and stomps spit-polished boots in the opposite direction, without speaking a naughty, nice or pleasant word to me. He’s hurt, too. And Rann is traveling back to his mansion located on Agri. I sigh with loneliness.
I really messed up the ninth time line, going back to Prison, without my ring and my man. I stumble in high heels attached to my thigh-high boots beside Ty toward his private carrier ship outside the Stadium gates. I sigh with big regret.
cold black outer space. minus 1,000 degrees. Ubot opens my passenger door as I slide inside the rear bench seat of a shared ride with Ty. He occupies the opposite side and window view. Ubot warms the engine then blasts off while Ty faces the viewing portal of the pretty hyper-speed motion, not me.
“Starra, I’m not going to pet you like Rann. I’m very displeased with your noblette mind games. You’re imitating Dirk.” Ty lectures.
“I…,” not sorry. I stare at my dirty hands and chipped pink finger nail polish. I need to re-paint my nails.
Ty cuts off my sentence, “I’m not finished. You’ll finish your prison sentence, next week. But, my Prisoners are going to be under my supervision for a very long time. I take great pride in caring for my guests at the Prison. You’ve endangered the lives of all your new friends, especially little Sim.” Ty directly stabs the invisible dagger into my heart organ then pauses for more verbal abuse as I pretend to bleed. He expresses with angry, “I’m very upset with you, Starra.”
I quickly interrupted him to defend my honor. “They wanted to play.” Ty bobs his curls up and down like a farm pony with the acknowledgement.
“I agree with you. Some of the girls wanted to play…(pauses)…not all of them. They admire you, Countess. They want to be like you, Starra. But, they cannot, will not, ever. So, they reach for the next best thing, fame and fortune….(exhales a puff)…(views me)….Rann and I both had a solution to your dilemma at the prison jail. I admit….(exhales a puff)…(views window)…I wasn’t aware of physical attacks until I arrived, yesterday afternoon.” Ty exhales a puff then inhales a huff. “Dirk’s keeping all the nobles and noblettes very busy with mundane work for the citizens. I know that you’re in danger from Dirk. He’s after you. Rann and I just can’t figure out why.”
“Rann’s the one in danger, Ty…from Dirk,” mouse-tattling the real truth and target.
“Rann’s completely protected, girl…(chuckles)…No one can touch him, not even Dirk…(exhales a puff)…(views me)…We’re both trying very hard to protect you, Starra. But…,” pauses then exhales a puff then inhales a huff. He shares. “You keep instigating some clever manual maneuvering tactics against us. And, now, you’re going to play in the Game….(views me)…Do you really know how dangerous this sport is, Countess?” I stare at my dirty and chipped pink fingernails. Ty doesn’t quit. “I know. I played when I was younger.” Finally, I have collected a tiny tid and tad bit of datum on a mysterious Ty, since his name and accomplishments are recorded within the Book or Bot’s electronic files. Ty lectures, “The sport is hard punches and violent workouts. Citizens die, Starra.”
“I know that. Dirk’s not going to let me get hurt.” I tattle.
“Dirk has been trying to kill you, Starra.” Ty observes as I neck snap a face to his nose profile.
I slide lips, left and comment, “In front of the entire universe, I didn’t think so, Ty. This debate is over. I can’t change what I did. I can do one thing. I can protect little Sim. I promise.” Ty presents duck lips, ugly without slapping back a smart-ass remark of my promise. Man, good timing! We have arrived at Sahara.
Ty’s palace. Sahara. second level. ship docking pad. golden sun. electric blue sky. 150ºF. late evening. The carrier lovingly lands on the second level ship docking pad when a new Ubot opens my door. I step out and upright on a right boot heel from the door with four armed Prison Guards hugging both pointy elbows. I’m a dangerous criminal prisoner, now while slowly strolling on boot toes towards the archway between mountains of muscle and metal. I sigh with miffness.
“Starra, dinner will be served at five in the evening.” Ty proclaims behind my hair roots as I stomp a right boot toe towards the archway.
I flutter in flying fury flute, “No thank you, Ambassador Ty.”
“Dinner is served at five, Prisoner Starra.” He repeats the words.
“Fine,” singing in fluttering flute, being escorted back to my prison jail cell.
five minutes later. Starra’s prison jail cell. I stomp a right boot toe into a small tiny empty room without my girl pals coming from new orders of Ty. He’s in charge of directing the Prison, now. Man, look at that! There is a present on top of the made bed mattress in pink as I violently rip open a sealed white box with a pink ribbon, a new dress. Rann was here! Dinner at five, I’m expected to be ready and dressed in a new pink formal ankle-length gown, glancing a face at the wall clock, four in the afternoon.
Sniff! Sniff! And my body smells really bad. I might be in jail and a prisoner until next week, but I’m still a Noblette lady, sorta. I skip to the private shower bend and bath in hot water.
Six minutes later. I pull a left thigh-boot over a leg then stand in the gold tenth-rib exposed sexy halter top and matching side-splitting gold skirt paired with gold thigh-high boots for a third day in a row.
“Countess,” a loud alto clarinet calls my name behind a closed door.
“Coming!” I shout then stomp to the door knob, not locked and open the metal door as the female Captain of new Sahara Prison Guards poses ugly five-feet from me. I park a body between the four female tall and ugly Guards while Ty tries to intimidate me, please.
dining room. He’s here in a handsome, golden tanned, and talented format, ex-boyfriend Rann, prettily sitting on the right side of Ty’s kingly chair. Ty seats on the butt-end and an empty platter displays on Ty’s left for me at a long squared-shaped golden-tinted dining table.
Ty scoots boot heels from his chair then slides a body sideways planting a left hand guiding my chair from the table edge for me to sit like a noblette while Rann gentlemanly stands for a Noblette’s presence from his dining table chair. I elegantly sit as Ty pushes the chair closer towards my plate. So, the food particles hit my lips, not my outfit as silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds….for a while.
The table is beautifully set for the evening meal with each crystal glass goblet holding sparkling clear water shining like diamonds, when Wbot presents the first entrée, placing the garden salad bowl over the platter. I don’t bother to attack the silverware, not really hungry while the other guest assaults the pile of greenish-white lettuce and fresh colored vegetables, enjoying the meal. Then I stare at Rann’s black silky hair roots while eating then cuts eyelashes to my cold food when Rann lifts a chin to stare at my silver hair roots. I sigh with avoidance.
“Dirk supplied me the times and dates for Game practice. He’s very aggressive. He wants all of you, tomorrow, starting at one in the afternoon.” Ty explains then chews his food as I stare at Rann’s black hair roots. In the hot part of the day sunshine, man, man, I hope I’m up to this. I quickly view my platter when Rann uprights a face to me. Then he stares at my silver hair roots as Ty swallows then continues, “All of his team mates will be assigned living quarters inside the old Bonita castle, his property. All Prisoners are still Prisoners, but not under my noble supervision. His Royal Guards will watch the Prisoners for any illegal or inappropriate behavior.”
I stare at Rann’s hair roots while he eats. “I’ll talk with Dirk about that. I’ll stay in my Ice mansion with my Ice Honor Guard detail.” I express as Rann chin whips a face from the dinner plate admiring my hair roots or my sparkling halter top.
“I have already placed that strong suggestion into Dirk’s head, but he wants to discuss it with you, in person, Starra.” Ty updates while cutting the meat then eats a forkful.
“Alright!” I answer while staring eyeballs at Rann’s hair roots and not eating or holding an eating utensil for my plate of food.
“Dirk was able to recruit other citizens, very talented and very skilled for both his new Game teams.” Ty adds as I dog sneer at Rann’s hair roots, not like a noblette and.
I sing in piccolo, “With what!? He’s poorer than a church mouse? Where did he get the dang currs?” I sigh with puzzlement.
“Poorer than a church mouse!? That’s a clever analogy. Where’da ya learn that, Starra?” Ty inquires about one of my infamously Earth axioms, chuckling then eating. Rann clears his throat for full attention, finally joining the one-sided conversation, instead of stare at me. Maybe, I can get some real big boy answers to what’s really going on with me and Dirk and Rann and the freaking entire universe. I sigh with knowledge.
“Dirk and I have disagreed on food matters for several months. I’ve been supplementing his personal Royal programs with my currs, Agri currs. He knows. I know. We both play the political game, very, very well. He wants currs. I want the citizens to have food, an abundance of food. We both desire something, wonderfully. For me, it’s not enough and apparently Dirk sees the same side of the coin.” Rann uses an old Earth axiom then bites into the fork of meat.
“The same side of the coin…(views Rann)….There’s only the triangle side, buddy” Ty comments and chuckles, since currs are designed as a small triangle, not a round circle. I giggled.
“I’m not going to lecture you, Starra. You were right in defending the young child against Dirk. The King has been playing mental games with the Nobles for a long, long time. All the Nobles agreed to play along…(exhales)…maybe forever. You stood up to him. Starra and you might be the only Noble in the history books.” Rann comments and compliments, no smile then eats the meat. I sigh with surprise.
“I’d add another noble name to that short noble list.” Ty comments and compliments, smiling then drinks his goblet. I sigh with no surprise.
“This matter of food isn’t the primary issue, here….(views me)…I don’t want you seeing any action in the Game, Starra. Let the new talents die. That’s what Dirk’s paying them for,” Rann and Ty laugh their asses off, since I do understand the deadly sick joke.
I don’t laugh but whine like a kid with a right hand caught in the cookie jar, “I can play.”
“You don’t understand the Game.” Ty counters then eats the forkful of vegetables, chewing.
“I’m an intelligent girl capable of reading and comprehending instructions and rules from the Book.” I debate.
“Starra, you have many outstanding talents which I love you for…(shakes curls)…but, not for the Game.” Rann expresses his point of view as a future hubby to me.
“I can do this,” whining like I stepped a left thigh-boot in an old pile of unknown animal shit at the ball field. Because, I did. The smell currently bombards my nostrils wedged between a heel and a sole. Ya’ll know, that empty space for air, not animal shit, sniggering like a sly fox.
“You…(exhales)….will get hurt, Starra.” Rann lectures like a Mama dog.
“No, I want,” Rann, refusing to call his proper name for love and respect, because, I’m mad and hurt and mad and more mad. I sigh with mad.
“This sport kills citizens.” Ty lectures like a Woof puppy’s brother.
“I know that. I’ll be really, really careful,” whining for annoyance, not eating my dinner and not giving in to elementary school lecture.
“Dirk wants you, because it irritates me. I don’t want you to irritate me, as well. I want you because I love you, Starra.” Rann confesses his eternity love as I stare with eyeballs at my cold plate of food while my heart fluttering with love. My hands sweat with passion. My toes bounce with devotion and my neurons shout with affection. Silence lingers in the quiet room for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds…for a while.
Man, I love him! And I desire to play in the Game and to prove that I’m both honest and honorable with my evil wickedly deceptive intention. So I’m not backing down from this cat fight. I sigh with arrogance.
I chin whip a sour face to Rann and meekly ask without the wet hot tears flooding my clothes, “Do you not believe in me?” Rann grins ear to ear with a happy face and dancing brown eyes studying me and.
He sings in baritone trombone, “Yes, darling, I believe in you with all my heart….(chuckles)…Therefore, I’ve arranged security protection for you,” chin whips a face into his chest while cramming a forkful of vegetables into his mouth as I drop my mouth like a hungry shark and dog sneer.
“Stang, Rann! What does that mean?” I sting like an invisible Agri bumblebee as Ty neck snaps a face to me with distorted lips and.
He reprimands. “A Noblette shouldn’t use that ugly word, Starra.”
Rann chews then swallows and remarks, “I can’t comment, anymore.” He plants more greens into his mouth, quickly chews and swallows and plays with me, mentally, “Dirk’ll not force you to play the Game. I have seen to that, Starra.” 
“May I ask how?” I demand to know what Rann has done.
“No, you may not,” smart-asses Rann while chuckling with a forkful of food in the air. Then he eats and chews while staring and smiling at me.
“More currs,” guessing good and fuming with fighting fury.
“If you don’t volunteer to play, you won’t get hurt, Starra. I’m begging and beseeching you not to kick in the Game. Please enjoy the sport like the rest of us…(pauses; smiles)…spectators,” Rann plays with words and me like a cute Noblette…naw….dumbette. I slam folded fists on the side of my cold plate of food for drama and.
I spit pretend rusty nails, “You’re going to end up bankrupt, Rann, wasting all them currs on me.” Rann chews his food while studying my defeated cat fight.
“Not in this life time….,” he winks an eyelid, right at Ty as they laugh their ass off as I fume with more cat fight fury. Rann subject changes, “Are you finished with your meal, Starra?”
“Naw…,” being obtuse and obnoxious, since I’m losing my cat fight.
“Would you care for dessert? I have chocolate cake.” Ty suggested.
“Not in this life time…,” echoing Rann’s sarcastic silly banter. Rann and Ty have brilliantly orchestrated this entire social, business, and financial affair with Dirk as king and me as queen. And Rann has check-mated me and Dirk. I sigh with deception.
Rann gently tosses the dining table napkin from his lap and tenderly lands the knife and fork on the side of the plate like a nobleman while staring at me. Then he swiftly scoots boot heels from his dining room chair away from the table and soldierly stands while staring at me. His handsome face is stern not smiling then swings a body to the left while pacing towards the archway. He turns to right facing Ty then stomping boot toes behind Ty’s chair then sharply turns to the right, facing me. I sigh with worry.
Rann paces a left boot then a right boot hovering over my hair roots like a birdie then plants two manly-hands on the back rest of my dining room chair. He grunts like a dying animal while shuffling my chair sideways to face him. He hovers over my hair roots while I stare at his spit-polished black leather knee-high boots.
Rann gently reaches and touches both upper arms then man-lifts me from my chair. I stand and cuddle into his naked chest, fidgeting and staring at my leather boots dance side to side. He gently touches the tip of my cliff chin a soft finger pad while lifting a face to view him. He eases smiling lips to me then gently kisses my pink-painted lips. I keep my lips sealed shut, since he only tenderly touches me with warmth and softness. Then, he quickly pulls back a face, smiling.
“I love you, a lot,” he confesses then hugs me with a tight Teddy bear hug of love. He softly whispers into my right ear, “I love you, more…(chuckles)….Good night, sweet dreams, my Princess! I’m going to protect you, whether you like it, or not, Starra.” I’m mad while Rann is trying to gracefully smooth my ignited heated wrath. Not this time line, I have the upper hand.
Rann snaps an index finger and thumb pad as two iron and pressed white uniformed Females with a gold sash immediately appear inside the archway. Rann back steps from my walking path and orders in baritone trombone without looking at the guards, “Guards, escort my Princess back to her prison jail cell.”
“Yes, Sire,” they sing in alto saxophone in musical c-flat as I stomp a right boot then a left towards my two escorts, not escaping from Rann. Man, that man gets everything he wants. My new plot, “plan E” is not to get killed, but to win the Game as a new Kicker. I sigh with deceit.
day 167. Starra’s prison cell. morning. “Prisoner Starra,” Ubot hums while I stare with eyeballs at the dim lightning on the ceiling pondering my delicate dang dilemma with Rann. Man, I love him! Before I whip a warm blanket from a body to attack my breakfast try, I hear pig-squealing noises. My tiny prison jail room instantly fills with visitors of Ula, Sim, Jai, and Jia laughing, and giggling with happy and joyous sounds. I sigh with confusion.
“Today is practice,” Sim greets and giggles.
“Practice!?” I repeat with more confusion.
“Our Game practice,” Ula comments and chuckles.
“Game…practice,” I say slowly.
“Countess!?” A trumpet tenor of Ty stands his muscular body inside an empty archway, well, he feels the archway, almost ninety percent, So, it ain’t really empty. Anyways, Ty appears very formal and very fashionable in a sleeveless and shirtless golden vest with a pair of matching trousers neatly tucked inside his knee-high shiny brown leather boots.
“What!?” I smart-ass while folding a half body inside a warm and cozy bed covers filled with my kitty-cat girl pals crawling over the three blankets and eating all my breakfast items.
“Please be ready for our departure in ten minutes, Countess.” Ty breaks up my pony party.
“For ball practice!?” I smart-ass for a second time.
“A Noble Committee Meeting,” he updates without moving from the archway.
“This is not Conference day.” I smart-ass with a princess update.
“You are correct, Countess. The King has called a special Noble Committee Meeting.” Ty clarifies still standing his tallness in the short archway.
“I was told that I couldn’t attend the King’s Noble Committee Meeting…by Dirk,” I repeat Dirk’s words from the other night after the fires around the galaxy.
“We leave in ten minutes, Countess.” Ty just doesn’t give it up as I exhale a puff then inhale a huff.
I sing in piccolo music, “No thanks, sir. I don’t feel like a…(giggles)…Noblette, today.” I giggle and my kitty-cat girl pals giggle, louder.
“You do not have a choice, Countess.” Ty talks without proper language word contractions when he’s miffed at a noblette….naw…me.
“Of course, I do.” I princessly command to Ty, smiling at his angry red face.
“You do not, Countess.” Ty snaps an index finger and a thumb pad as Ubot appears like magic, hovering and holding a single square golden box between its two metal limbs. Ubot flies towards the end of my bed mattress and holds off the box to Ula, who hands off to Jia, who hands off to Sim, who hands off to me. I hover the golden box in the air as my girl pals coos like Agri doves.
“Thanks,” wording softly and studying Ty. He’s still upset with me at yesterday’s social event involving his permanent guests of the Prison. Ya’ll know, he’ll forgive me, one day, maybe, tomorrow. Since I need his friendship, because I have gotten all of us some vitally VIP important ball positions in the Game, a violent deadly sport played for currs, blood, and winning. I sigh with trouble.
Ty cuts eyelids at each female Prisoner, “Ladies, your Game practice begins at one in the afternoon, please prepare.” My girl pals silently bob their curls without words and then silently shuffle their shoes without noise. Then Ty back step boot heels from the archway then elegantly swings a body towards the prison space away from me.
I T-scan using Telekinesis for a recoiled Sahara snake or spider, finding a pink frock loaded with pink ribbons hiding inside a prettily gold wrapped silk box tied with a gold ribbon. And the gift holds a pink hand band gem stone tiara, a perfect present for the perfect princess. I sigh with princess.
“I’m a prisoner, not a princess,” huffing and puffing but can’t blow my alien cover, giggling with a girly twang. I have miffed Rann and Ty off, totally towards the Wall while it has re-bounced back into my face. But I have to discover Dirk’s obsession with killing Rann, not me. Dirk can’t touch me, foreverly. I sigh with eternity.
I whip off the warm bed covers and T-pull using Telekinesis my prison jail cell door closed with a small ting then dress in my sexy form fitting and body revealing tight gold halter top and tighter split skirt with the matching thigh-high boots. I snort like a wild-ass teen.
Rann will not be pleased, but we’re not getting married. Thus, I’m not his fiancé, girlfriend, buddy or pal. And we’re not even friends any more. So, I don’t care what he thinks of my wardrobe. But I do think….naw…love him. I really do deep down in my broken heart, feeling sad love. I sigh with sad love.
Ty returns and annoy the crap out of my butthole, singing in trumpet tenor, “Starra!?”
“Naw…,” smart-ass for fun then giggling for annoyance into Ty’s eardrum while I hide behind a closed door, not locked. The Prisoner ain’t allowed to lock their doors, since Ubot survey the prison space. I sigh with not escaping.
“Starra, I’m ready to go. Please be dressed. I’m opening the door. I’m coming inside. Starra, please answer me.”
I shuffle my cute selfie standing in Greek goddess form, since I wear gold and annoy in my great animal sound, “Naw…,” then giggles as Ty appears inside the archway for a second time in thirty minutes. He smiles and holds a right arm for me to grab for escorting a proper princess…naw…prisoner. We swing and shuffle like an old married couple back out the archway while I comment, “I thought I couldn’t attend the Noble thing.” We slowly walk through an empty prison space since my life is in danger from Dirk and Dirk’s hidden spied to the awaiting carrier for the trip to Commerce.
“Circumstances have changed.” He says without any more explanation.
“What circumstances have changed?” I repeat with more explanation.
“Rann submitted a proposal, last week. The document was ratified by the Nobles with the King’s approval. As long as you have an escort, you can attend the Noble Committee meeting.” He updates.
“You’re my guard!?” I guess.
“I’m your escort.” He adjusts while patting my left arm like a kitty-cat with a flat hand.
We slowly pad to the landing dock as I see a carrier ship, without machine, metal, and boyfriend escort. I sigh with sadness.
Ty was occupied with the mini-bot in his hands reading and typing.
Commerce. Royal castle. property of King Dirk. Noble Committee meeting room. sunny sky. partly cloudy. 77ºF. morning. Ty busies eyeballs and ten finger pads on the comfone during our short trip from Sahara while landing on Commerce without incident or accident. This is Conference Day, the first day of the work week in the universe. There are five days in the week, here, not seven like Earth. There are 50 minutes in an hour, here, not 60 minutes like Earth. Every citizen is at work, at school, at home or in prison, here, not a noble like me.
Pbot opens a rear door for Ty, first like Rann’s Royal treatment. Ty was born a Commoner, like Rann then promoted to Ambassador, like I didn’t know. But, I do know that Ty enjoys the lush and posh benefits of being a nobleman in the universe with Honor Guards, big palaces, and lots of currs. The Royal Honor Guards surround us, first then march forward, second containing me and Ty in a square-shaped escort with armed maser rifles from the carrier.
Two Royal Honor Guards lead and two trail like Woof puppies as Hbot opens the closed doors then we emerge through the archway finding more Royal Honor Guards lining the wall like purple vomit…(yeah, I’m miffed)….Then the Royal Honor Guard peel from the wall like a orange skin and trail like Woof puppies behind the other Woof puppies, six Royal Honor Guards. I sigh with prisoner. 
I’ve never seen more than one or two Royal Honor Guards on duty holding down an entire floor as we walk through an archway then pick up another pair of trailing Royal Honor Guards. And there is purple vomit….naw…guards spaced every ten-feet making the wide corridor crowded. They appear like Greek statues with a sword, three darts, and one maser in a utility belt as
Ty tenderly pat my left arm like a kitty-cat and whispers into a left eardrum, “Dirk likes to show off his new found wealth provided by Rann’s many currs with a silly flamboyant style. Wouldn’t you agree, Starra?” Naw, man! I don’t agree, since Dirk is verbally warming me. I am the prisoner from the Prison Planet. That Dirk conned and created this fake vomit…naw…toy guard display for me. I sigh with danger.
“I’m invited. Right, buddy!?” I feel afraid.
 “Don’t worry? You’re invited. You’re a noblette.” Ty pats my left arm like a kitty-cat for comfort. 
“I feel like a prisoner.” I’m more afraid. 
He reminds. “You’re a noblette.” We arrive at a set of the closed doors going into the Noble Committee Meeting room decorated with six purple sashes. I pray and hope this isn’t a booby trap for me, since Rann’s not happy with me, at the moment.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus. Stay calm.
The Royal Honor Guard grab a door handle opening two doors as Ty and I stand before the space. Man, I’m late. The nobles and noblettes sit, eat, drink and be merry around a rounded table, minus Dirk.
Dirk likes to run fashionable late, since he needs the lavender bathroom robes to wear after clearly showering a naked tallness. Then, he has to wash and dry the lavender bathroom robes for his grand kingly entrance into the weekly meeting, making him late as I giggle with my vivid imagination. I sigh with cleanliness.
Ty pulls a left arm into the room as Rann stands first, follows by Marquis Tok, and General Ira. Rita doesn’t stands, since she’s dead.
I flash back mentally into an eighth alien time line when Rita died dead when Dirk killed her with a maser rifle in front of me.
Ty gently maneuvers me to an empty chair right next to Rann’s fit fine body on the right while Rann smiles and pulls out the chair for me. I press the skirt into my butt then sit lady-like into the chair as Rann helps me scoot the chair closer to the table. Rann bends over my hair roots into a right eardrum, and offers, “Beverage, Starra, darling?” The trumpets cuts off my reply. 
“Presenting his Royal Highness, King Dirk,” the Royal Honor Guard sings in baritone trombone inside the closed archway then the double door fling open.
Two purple sashes lead the mini-Royal procession with a loud fanfare of two trumpets tooting and two drums rolling to a beat of Dirk’s booted steps in his flowing clean and dried lavender bathroom robes, a purple crown, and a purple scepter in a left hand and the red Book in a right hand. “This is going to be a long day,” moaning for my eardrums, only. I sigh with boredom.
Dirk sit in his assigned seat…naw….purple throne chair decorated with interesting real dead animal parts of buck, tiger, lion, and elephant. Man, I’ve missed a lot of stuff being in jailed on Sahara, smiling and giggling.
“Good morning, Nobles and Noblettes. I’ll begin with the reading of the births,” Dirk enjoys listening to droning tenor for one hour and thirteen minutes then stops. He drinks a sip of water from the goblet then inquires, “New items!?”
Rann clears a dry throat and then rumbles in sexy baritone trombone. “I propose a new play time limit, not to excess fifty-minutes for the entire duration of the Game.” I sigh with interest.
Before Dirk burps…naw…injects, Tok rumbles in French horn, “I concur with Rann.” Then he bobs a brown skull at Rann. I sigh with intrigue.
Before Dirk injects, Tia flutters in alto clarinet, “I agree with Rann.” Then she smiles and bobs her blonde curls at Rann. I sigh with jealousy.
I swing a sour face at Rann as he neck snaps a smirking face to each noble and noblette while conducting a musical show symphony. Then Ty wiggles for attention inside the chair on my left, before Dirk holds up a right hand.
Dirk guesses. “I know your answer, Ty. Don’t bother?” he views Ira. “Ira, do you have an opinion?” 
“Not really!” Ira is neutral but always loyal to his ruler in every alien time line, who just happens to be Dirk.
 “Starra, you’re allowed to attend the meeting by my decree, but you cannot vote.” Dirk crushes my pink bubble then scans with narrowed eyelids each noble and noblette around the table. “The Noble Committee has always ruled on a democratic platform for many, many decades. I’ll not disagree. Therefore, I grant and decree a new Game playing time limit of fifty-minutes for each active Game.”
Rann stares and smiles at Dirk, “Thank you, Your Highness!” I nosily gasp with shock. Rann has actually acknowledged Dirk as the ‘live and breathing King of the Universe.’ I must be hearing things with my day dream then shake curls side to side, being dizzy. I stop and stare at a smug Dirk. I sigh with shock.
Rann tenderly brushes my left forearm with the edge of two soft finger pads as I swing a face to a smiling Rann. Man, I finally get it. Rann wants the Game play time reduced from three hours to one to protect me. I understand completely, since Rann also has paid a ransomed curr allotment of twenty-million per Noble or Noblette into the Game Championship jackpot, two hundred million currs for five nobles for me. Therefore, the nobles are supporting the fifty-minutes playing time limit on each active Game, because the man loves me. I sigh with true love.
“I’ve taken the free liberty of assigning the opposing teams for each Game Day. Do you have any objection, nobles or noblettes?” Dirk continues the meeting, since no noble will ever foreverly object. Because, ya’ll that dang action got me jailed. Silence lingers in the air for 1 second…2 seconds…then Rann gently warms my left hand with soft five finger pads while we smile and giggle, together.
Dirk continues in tenor saxophone, “Since, the Game playing time is limited to one hour on the first day. I have dubbed the ‘King Game Day Play-off,’ featuring Resort versus Militia then Commerce versus Tech. And the final match-up is Agri versus Bonita. The current Champs, Sahara Golden Warriors will not play. Do all nobles and noblettes agreed with my decision?” Silence lingers for 1 second…2 seconds…then Rann warms my left arm with ten finger pads while we smile and giggle, together.
 Dirk continues in tenor saxophone, “On Jubilation Day, the highest scoring of the three winning Game teams will play against our current Champ, the Sahara Golden Warriors in the newly dubbed, ‘King Game Day Semi-Final Play-off.’ The semi-final round will start in the early afternoon to the late evening filling the citizens’ leisure time on Commerce. Does each noble and noblette agree with my decision?” Silence lingers in the air waves for 1 second…2 seconds…then Rann stretches a right arm completely around my collar bone then tickles my right arm with soft finger pads while we smile and giggle, together.
Dirk continues in tenor saxophone, “On Festival Day, the newly dubbed ‘King Game Day Final Championship’, the two last remaining undefeated Game teams of the lucky noble or noblette will dog fight in the late evening for the title of ‘Champion of the Universe.’ Does each noble and noblette agree with my decision?” Silence lingers in the air for 1 second…2 seconds…then Rann lovingly cuddles a face into my nose profile and rubs his rough cat whiskers against my left soft cheekbone while we smile and giggle, together.
“Starra!?” Dirk yells as I jump, kitten-like in my chair and Rann swiftly pulls away from me. Then Rann stares a set of invisible burn rays at Dirk, who doesn’t melt and slither away.
I neck snap a sour face and smart-ass to Dirk. “What!?”
“Any questions…Starra, nobles or noblettes!?” Dirk smiles and stares at Rann as silence lingers in the air for 1 second then he calls, “Dismissed!”
Rann is the first noble to stand from his chair then quickly pulls my chair from the table. He reaches with wiggling ten finger pads while purposefully tickling my waist then man-lifts me from the seat and twirls us gently in a short circle. Then Rann bug hugs me into his naked chest as I purr like a kitten. We both giggle and smile goofy faces at each other then Rann slowly dips a chin towards my silly giggle for that sweet passionate kiss. I had plenty of empty tick-tock time to think about my irrational alien behavior, last night. I was really a meanie to Rann, yesterday, since he protects me, loves me and wants to marry me. Therefore, I plan to physically and emotional tell him, I love you, all day today. I sigh with true love.
“Starra!?” Dirk yells breaking my love sick daze on Rann.
“What!?” I smartass while smiling and giggling in Rann’s face with my arms wrapped around a fit waist.
“Lunch is being served in the dining room, before your first ball Game practice. The Bonita Royalists practice at one in the afternoon inside the ball field.” Dirk burst my pink bubble.
I whisper for my eardrums, only, “Ah, man!” I’m a prisoner for four more days and gotta obey Dirk for placing me in jail. I sigh with disappointment.
I remove both arms from a sour puss Rann, who watches Dirk when Dirk holds a right hand for my left hand which I do not grab. I swiftly move summer sandals towards the archway with Dirk trailing like a Woof puppy then I stop inside the archway. I swing a face while waving a right hand at Rann.
Rann wears a face of angry, worry, and love standing beside Ty while caressing an exposed maser with four finger pads then I link, connect, and Tele into Rann’s mind. I love you. I am fine. He will not hurt me.
When, a sudden icy cold probe hits my open mind, Dirk slaps a right palm on my naked right collar bone, touching and feeling his cold body. He links, connect, and Teles to me. Conquer. Control. Crush.
I flip a face then gallop on summer sandals away from both Dirk and Rann while catching up with my Game team mates, pondering that Dirk is running and ruining my life with Rann. My wedding has been postponed, not cancelled. My freedom has been stripped, not surrendered.
Dirk wants to defeat Rann then control both of our lives. 
I caused this, creating a survival battle situation between the king and the prince. Dirk wants to make Rann jealous, forcing him to do something illegal against the Crown then kill Rann, dead. And Dirk hates Ty, also. I sigh with stupidity.
stadium, ball field, partly cloudy. no dang rain. hot. heated. humid. one in the afternoon. 88ºF. Hbot hovers a big lavender umbrella over Dirk’s delicate ghostly pale skin and bright red hair roots as I sweat and wet between creaks of my girly pants and rows of pink ruffles of my formal gown. “First, the Locker Room tour,” Dirk annoys for fun with a silly grin as the loose huddle of boys and girls move into the Game Building out of a hot sun then slowly pad down an empty corridor. The right door is the Girls’ Locker Room, so the boys turn to the left into the Boys’ Locker Room.
I slowly stroll on summer sandals while dragging a three-foot dress train though the door’s archway and stand like a Southern belle in the middle of room. This is the same Locker Room, where Rann and Ty had hatched ‘plan B’ that didn’t work for them or me, because I hatched a goose egg filled with squirrel shit. I sigh with boredom.
My eyeballs coupled with brilliant neurons note the prettily Game player uniforms, Bonita Loyalists team. The torso loose shirt is short sleeved in a bright yellow color with a round collar hanging on the rack paired with a fitted set of yellow knee-high body hugging pants. The shirt’s twin shoulders are thickly padded with a chuck of heavy foam and inside the chest and along the arms down to the wrists. The pants are thickly padded in the front and back with protective non-damaging the body gear. I sigh with pain.
I pad to a locker with my name in big greenish-yellow letters, Starra, pondering my fate in the ninth time line. I am going to get creamed, injured, and then bleed out and die, neck snapping a face around a busy Locker Room. Then I see little Sim…(yo, baby)…I be fine using my Tele-powers. And, little Sim will not ever never play in the Game.
I swiftly drop the pretty pink gown on the floor while standing naked with the other female Game players then dress in the shirt and pants, quickly. I sit a bee_hind inside a triangular hut, which can hold me and three other me’s, very ea-si-ly …(riddle that, honey)….and scoot a yellow leather cleat over a right yellow sock then copy-cat with a left cleat. I stand rubbing both hands over the new soft fabric then gingerly touch the number on my chest and mutters for my eardrums, only. “What are those?”
“Diamonds,” an alto clarinet voice yells.
“No stupid, topaz stones,” a flute soprano clarifies.
The semi-precious stone called topaz, a reddish-orange with a pale yellow glitter comes from the deep mining caves of Sahara, mined by the prisoners living there, permanently. I gingerly touch the back of the shirt typed in more topaz stones using a T-see of Teleclairvoyance…(like a mirror, doll)….to see an ass-backwards picture inside my mind, so cool! Starra is jeweled in a flaring reddish-orange complimenting the yellow fabric, well done, Dirk. I break the Tele-hold then finger pads outline the gem stones in the number thirteen in the front of my Game jersey. Whatever!?
I prance out the Locker Room and down the corridor into the hot sun along with the other yellow-uniformed boys and girls, whispering for my eardrums, only. “Man, I hope I’m ready for this.”
The Coach-man breaks the players into specific positions with specific training exercises to prefect the particular Game position that Dirk ahs ordered you to do or a neck-tail party for one. I snort like a wild-ass boar while trailing behind the Quarterback’s cute wiggling butthole.
Look, don’t touch!
The Quarterback squats on one bended knee then places the Game ball on the grass then looks at me. I roll eyes then huff musically then puff musically then view the upright oval ball. I finally step a right cleat then a left cleat then a right cleat…(three feet away, ya’ll)…then a left clear then kick with a right cleat at the ball. It sails to the moon. Gotcha! There is no moon on Commence. The ball soars over helmets of practicing players spinning in the air over the mint green manicured grass and then between a set of a newly painted blue goal posts. I sigh with whatever.
Hot watery stinky sweat pours from a face, two arms, two legs, ten toes neatly tucked into the sweaty socks as I kick the stupid ball for the hundredth time…naw…eighteenth time, guiding with ease through a set of blue goal post for the hundredth time…naw…eighteenth time. Wow! My Tele-kick is good, but only I know that alien secret, giggling, when a flow of bad breathe attacks my shoulder blades. 
“Excellent.”
And, Dirk!
Dirk sneaks up behind my right shoulder blade, like I’m really an idiot, not feeling his cold metaphysically body bouncing from the rear of my rear end as I giggle.
“Thanks,” accepting the compliment, while I stand soldierly allowing more BO to perfume all surrounding bodies.
“Do that twenty-five more times?” Dirk orders into my collar bone, since I’m petite and he’s tall.
“What!?” I smart-ass, looking at the Quarterback, who grins and nods a skull at Dirk.
“Thirty more times,” he adds to the command.
“What!?” I smart-ass, looking at the Quarterback, who grins and nods a skull at Dirk.
 “Forty-five more times,” Dirk bad breathes over my hair roots.
“Ah, man,” whispering for my eardrums, only. I can’t argue or debate or win, being trapped as a prisoner for another four days. I sigh with annoyance.
Fbot hovers and hums into Dirk’s left eardrum, “The Game player practice workout has ended for King Dirk. The next group up for Game practice is noble Marquis Tok from the planet of Resort, the Resort Blue Bandits.” Saved by the bell…naw…bot! I giggle and swing a body marching off the torn-up ugly grassy ball field.
locker room. I bounce on cleats last. “I had fun,” little Sim singing in piccolo. I am next to last as little Sim skips like little girl behind me towards our individual Locker huts to change. I stand and stripe out the short-sleeved shirt almost fainting with girly BO.
“Fun,” Ula spits, hotly. I mean, she actually spits with her mouth mucus onto the dirty floor as some girls giggle…like…girls. Some girls grunt...like…animals. Ula is tough, rough female. I T-scan with Telemetabolics over her biological body for any injuries or wounds.
Ula is sweating water and covered in red dirt, brown mud, green grass, and yellow leaves on her face, arms, legs, clothes, and shoes, a true workout. She also has pink cuts, black bruises, red gashes on her exposed muscular arms and legs.
“Are you alright?” I ask with girl pal concern.
“This is my choice. I want to play.” Ula huff then puffs stripping off her dirty clothes.
Jai or Jia, one of the twins exclaims into the smelly locker room, “We’re going to win.”
“We’re going to be rich,” Jai or Jia adds in an alto clarinet. Jai is talking to her sister, Jia. They only acknowledge each other, since they both killed their biological Mama and Daddy, during a Conqueror card game on Resort in front of the thousands of people, eight years ago. They are serving life sentences for a cruel and vicious act. I sign with sadness.
The girls are big, bigger than Ula and healthy, healthier than I, since I have noted that they both enjoyed the lunch and drinking the brown glasses of liquor. Dirk had served all types of expensive food and beverages for his players, the future Champion of the universe. I snort like a wild-ass boar.
These young girls are my new friends, but also the new ball players in the Game. They’re important to Dirk, the King where Rann is critical of me for being an improper role model. These girls wouldn’t have had the chance to be a ball player, if not for me, smiling at my pairing of Dirk with the new subjects. They’re taking their roles and duties, very seriously. I’m not really doing it to irritate Rann in defiance of my freedom and rights as a transplant citizen, part of this universe, too. I sigh with concern.
I drop the prom dress over sweaty hair roots and wiggle into a tight bodice then royal waddle into an empty corridor, since my other teammates have vacated the Locker Room when I run nose long into an obstacle…naw…Dirk.
Dirk shouts to his new Game players, “Second practice, tomorrow, one in the afternoon. My Guards will escort all of you to your new home, one of my palaces, the Bonita castle for food, beverages, rest and relaxation for the evening, until our time, together, again.”
I snort like a wild-ass boar thinking about the beaten up Bonitian castle on Commerce, since It and I have been through Dirk’s beating, together, like a sisters. I sigh with homesickness.
Dirk back steps on boot heels from the huddle of players as I walk forward in summer sandals then elegantly swings a body attached to a wickedly smile right in front of my dress hem line. “Starra…,” Dirk sings in tenor saxophone. “You did a very good job, today. I’m greatly impressed. You really are an outstanding Game Kicker. Thirty-three tries equaled thirty-three goals, a perfect record. I’m not sorry that I recruited you.” He chuckles like farm turkey over my hair roots.
I’m great, not wanting a sappy compliment but wanting to insult him, since Dirk stands in a puke greenish-yellow shirt and pants, pretending to be a Bonitian Royalist ball player. Man, I should punch him in the nose then watch it bleed over his clean yellow shirt. Ya’ll know, the combined colored of red and yellow make green. Therefore, the bloody spot wouldn’t even show up on his shirt as I giggle and back step from his bad breathe. Well, I nix that nifty concept, since I’m still a prisoner for another three more days. I sigh with depression.
“Thanks,” mumbling as the trapped prisoner in front of the prison warden.
“Starra..,” singing in tenor saxophone, again, “I’ll allow you to stay at your noblette Ice palace, if you promise…(smiles)…not to run away,” then he chuckles like a farm turkey while I have to obey him. I sigh with depression.
“Promise,” whining with only key word in that sentence structure, since I’m the fool standing in front of the bigger fool.
“Starra,” singing in tenor saxophone, “I’m assigning you some of my honor guards at your noblette palace,” he stops then holds up a slender pale index finger and smiles, “For your protection.”
“Protection,” muttering the key word in that sentence, since my protection protects me from Rann, in case, Rann happens to stop by for a visit or a chat about the Game rules. That ain’t going to happen, not with fourteen Honor Guards…(yeah, mind read, baby)…inside and outside my Ice palace while around me for 20-hours per day, five-days per week. Man, I’ve really messed up the ninth time line. I sigh with depression.
Starra’s castle. afternoon. 90ºF. outside. hot. humid. 70ºF. inside. cool. nice. The Royal air-limo holds ten citizens and eight pieces of luggage and drops me in the front entrance of my dull dirty white-colored palace as two flesh Honor Guards open the both wooden doors. Then two flesh Honor Guards don’t smile but greet me in the Foyer. I T-scan with Telepathy my palace seeing three flesh Honor Guards in the Kitchen, stuffing their stomachs, three flesh Honor Guards sleeping inside a guest bedroom for the night shift and four metal Honor Gbots surrounding the patio and manicured lawn.
Fourteen Honor Guards, Dirk’s not funny elbow teasing about my honor or my protection, since he believes that Rann’ll try to abduct me for love or recruit me for the sorry-ass Agri Farmers ball players. I laugh my pretty ass off while folding both my dress and arms around the waist with my mentally sick humor regarding that last mental thought. I sigh with giggles.
The Honor Guards stare with eyeballs and confused neurons at silly me then I upright and elegant waddle like a duck up the stairs to change, bath, and blow the rest of the day.
Fifteen minutes later. I lay naked on top of the bed with the warm blankets covering me and click off the busy events for today within active neurons, not Conference day, the first day of the week. I sigh with memory loss.
Having my body and mind locked inside a ten-feet-by-ten-feet prison jail cell definitely confuses my memory banks, since I missed both Jubilation Day and Festival Day, last week. Everyone missed Festival Day, cancelled due to the mysterious explosions and fires around the galaxy on every occupied planet. Then, back tracking within my active neurons, the day before, Festival Day, I was supposed to finish my volunteer prison sentence for the young child, but I got a second prison term for fighting and beating the Assassin that tried to kill me. I sigh with revenge.
Yesterday was Conference Day, so I tried out for a Kicker position in the Game sporting event. And I got the Kicker position on the Bonita Loyalists, instead of the planned and predicted “plan B” created by Rann and Ty to hang with the reigning Champion of the Universe, the Sahara Golden Warriors. I sign with deception.
Today is Work day, the second day of a five-day week, but Dirk called a special session of the Noble Committee Meeting, this morning, with a first Game practice of the Bonita Loyalists, this afternoon. The other nobles are working their Game teams during the afternoon, too for the real Game, tomorrow. I sigh with fear.
Tomorrow is Meeting Day, the third day of the week, so I plan to sleep late and eat a big breakfast in the morning and then arrive, just in time, for the “real” Game in the early afternoon, King Game Day Playoff thingy or something like that. That name’s too long, too remember, and too kingly. I sigh with trivial.
Dirk commands that his team, Bonita Puke-green Loyalists will play the Agri Forest-green Farmers, the worst team in the universe. Well, we’ll…(giggles; repeat)…well, we’ll win, for shore, ya’ll. I sigh with victory.
The fourth day of the week, Jubilation Day, there’ll a ball practice workout in the morning for the lousy players, not me. Then the King Game Day Semi-Finalist round of the winning four noble teams, including the Bonita puke-green Loyalists.
And, finally, Festival Day is the final ball event of the King Game Day Final Championship of the Universe with the two remaining noble teams and players of the Game. Wow! I feel excitement and anticipation and nervous and thrillment…(yeah, that’s my word, darling)…and suddenly violently sick to my stomach like I might vomit up my delicious lunch, but won’t.
However, I do desire to debate the hot sizzling topic within my neurons while predicting the Champ of the Game, since I can do that with my awesome Tele-power of Teleclairvoyance..(yeah, babe, future seeing)….I close my eyelashes. I cross my arms over the blankets for drama, ya’ll. Silence lingers inside my neurons for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds…nothing.
I blink open eyelashes while staring at a white ceiling. “Hmm,”’ singing in flute music, usually the correct answer or colored image just quickly pops into mind like magic, well, I’m just excitement, nervousness, and thrillment…(yeah, a word, babe).
I close eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Then I open eyelashes seeing a white ceiling, since I’m too emotional charged thinking about the future happenings to me. I need to calm down closing my eyelashes then inhale a big breathe and hold. Then I exhaled a big breathe and wait for 1 second…2 seconds…3 seconds…nothing.
O, well, that particular Tele-talent is very moody, just like me. I giggle then roll over onto my right side and fall asleep.
day 169. Stadium. Game practice. ball field. sunny. blue sky. no clouds. hot. humid. morning. 87ºF. I arrive at the Game stadium in my old style, fashionable very late inside the cool air-conditioned air-limo sweetly provided from sour puss Dirk along with six fleshy Honor Guards inside the transport and four metal Guards surrounding the limo, like a freaking funeral procession for a dead noble. 
I step out and plant a pink summer sandals with three-inched heels on the gray pavement then emerge in a new pretty pink ruffled sundress, sleeveless and collarless, exposing lots of outer epidermis skin. It’s hot and humid, here on Commerce during the summertime, so I have decided that I’m perfect, giggling. I sigh with accomplishment.
I prance into the Locker Room noting my girly teammates are missing…naw…dressed out and inside the ball field, performing warm up exercises. They are excited, but I’m bored, being full of breakfast goodies, as well. I sigh with laziness.
Hbot is a great chef, eating three stacks of pancakes with lots of maple syrup, a pan of scrambled eggs, three slices of ham, six biscuits with jelly, four chocolate donuts, two cups of chocolate milk, and a glass of water. I sigh with satisfaction.
I priss on summer sandals to the edge of the wet dirty manicured green grass of the ball field, not wanting to wet my pink-painted toe nails. The stadium field has been immaculately re-sodden with layers of fresh grass and re-lined with that white powder, it clings like a horse shit to your clothes. Dirk doesn’t scrimp on anything cheap, since he uses Rann’s currs but doesn’t possess Rann’s flair and good taste. I hope Dirk goes bankruptcy, really soonest, feeling bloated and nasty, today.
“Starra…,” singing in tenor saxophone, Dirk skips across the white powder lines, too, not waving but appears a little miffed from the hot and heated sun shine.
I wave with a right hand like a future Agri princes to a sour puss Dirk, “Yo, honey,” singing in flutter flute and smiling with good teeth and then swaying left to right in my new pink ruffled sundress as Dirk stalls like a car out of gas in the grass and then motions with a right hand for me to come to him. I exhale a puff then inhale a huff without the eye rolling and step a right summer sandal onto the grass then prance side to side like a plantation pony to Dirk.
“Where’s your uniform?” Dirk commands in a sissy tenor trying to be a tough guy like my prince, Rann when I laugh my pretty ass off while finding that particular question extremely humorous to my neurons. Then I recall why.
“At the cleaners….,” supplying a tart answer as Dirk grits teeth and stares with narrowed eyelids of bemusement on an ugly face. He doesn’t get my Earth banter, maybe I should clarify the riddle.
“Where!?” he asks for a second time without teeth grinding.
I surrender and smile, “Locker room,” thumbing a folded fist behind a right shoulder, since Dirk doesn’t seem to remember the location of the Girls’ Locker Room. Then he isn’t allowed into the Girls’ Locker Room, being a boy…naw…a beast. I sigh with fun-ness. 
“Get suited up, now,” Dirk bear growls as I stand my princess pose.
“This is my day off, Dirk.” I smile and bob newly washed and starched curls up and down while Dirk grits teeth and stares a set of visible red…(yeah, tele-eyes)….fireballs at me, but I don’t burn down like a towering inferno.
“What!?” Dirk smart-asses and parks hands on his waist hovering a chin over my sliver hair roots.
“I need a day of rest between my perfect kicking the snot out of the ball workouts, Dirk.” I explain and smile and sway left to right in my new pink sundress, wishing Rann, here.
“I haven’t given my permission for you to rest. Get dress and workout, Starra!”  He explains, very well then grits the teeth and burns more red fireballs at my freckles.
“I wanna….,” whining like a spoil bratty teen. O, wait! I am a bratty teen as Dirk back steps on cleats from me then folds slender arms on a flat chest with the topaz number zero outlined in gem stones.
“Cooperate Starra or I’ll substitute you.” He tries to threat.
“You can’t,” crossing naked arms over my cute row of pink bows covering my breasts and smiling with victory.
“I can.” Dirk reacts.
“I be only Kicker, ya got, buddy,” laughing my butthole off with the truth, since the truth always harms the liar.
“I can and I will.” He tires to threaten, badly.
“Do it, man?” I follow through with my poker face, twisting lips, right up into a nostril.
“Starra,” singing in tenor saxophone, “I expect you to be prompt and dressed for every ball practice at one in the afternoon. Its one-fifteen, now.” Dirk can tell time.
“I am perfect,” adjusting my debating technique with brilliance.
“What!” he smart-holes then grinds the teeth.
“I...am...perfect,” staccatoing the short words a little louder and slower for Dirk’s lower IQ to absorb.
“What!?” he smart-ass or forget for the third time. Told ya’ll! Dirk possesses a super low, lowest IQ at school, at work, at play, at ruling the galaxy. Since Dirk just cannot figure me out, so I’ve to explain in more detail with a set of bigger words.
“I don’t need to practice my kicking position for the Game sporting event. Since, I can kick the oval brown-colored ball between the blue high twin goal posts, every single time. I…am…perfect, me, Starra. You, King Ding Dong,” laughing my pretty butthole off as Dirk dog drools then gator snarl. I sigh with dumbness.
Dirk uses useless logic, “If ya don’t dress out, Starra, then you don’t get paid your curr negotiated fee as a Kicker on the Bonita Loyalist.” Bingo! I have achieved my goal, no sweat, blood and tears as a Game player. And secondly I’m rich noblette, who getting married to Rann. And Rann is richer than the Royal treasure chest, a trillonaire.
“I don’t give a shit, Dirk,” expressing my nasty princess side as Dirk swings a fce from my freckles then scans with eyeballs the entire field of exercising Game players. Then he return eyelids to me.
He twists lips, right up into a nostril and commands, “If ya don’t dress out and practice, Starra, then I’ll play Sim as the substitute Kicker in your vital Game spot.” I baby grizzle growl then fleck my eyelashes and find Sim. She sits alone on the long wooden bench playing with a mini-bot then I return eyelashes to Dirk.
I challenge in new bass flute music, “You would not double dog dare me.” Dirk laughs his butthole off then neck snaps a face.
“Sim,” Dirk shouts in tenor saxophone as little Sim jumps, kitten-like from bench and then gallops like a prancing pony in our direction.
“Sire,” Sim words with respect without any breathing heavy from running in piccolo then stands between me and Dirk.
“You will be kick…,” Dirk makes the threat to me while smiling and instructing to Sim as I stomp a right summer sandal then a left summer sandal towards Dirk while blocking him from Sim.
“Fine,” yelling and mouth spitting into Dirk’s chest, since I can’t lip spit on his face as Dirk laughs his butthole off then pats Sim’s hair roots like a little Woof puppy.
“Sim, as I was saying. You’ll be kicking with Starra in the ball practice, this morn.” Dirk smiles and commands then back steps from me.
Sim curtseys at her ankles to me and greets with a sweet smile, “I’m so very honored Queen Starra,” using the wrong Royal title. Sim is absolutely clueless about me and the Game. Dirk smiles then swings a body from us while laughing his butthole off and bobbing a bald spot of curly red hair.
I dog sneer then gator snarl and plant a fake smile and order to little Sim, “Sim, please continue the warm-ups…(points goal post)…over by the west goal post, while I change out of my sundress into my jersey ball uniform. Okay, sweetheart!?” I direct like a motherly figure.
“Yes, Your Majesty,” Sim curtseys at her ankles with the wrong title then gracefully pirouette towards the goal post. She gallops away like a racing pony.
Ten minutes later. I trot like a pony from the Girls’ Locker Room while watching Sim do numerous sequential many, many arm and elbow push ups, following the rest of the Game players scattered over the field. I slowly approach her, hearing with eardrums the math count.
“Two hundred fifty-four, two hundred fifty-five, two hundred fifty-six…,” counting in piccolo music, Sim is very young and in excellent shape.
I’m old and out of shape, half way telling the truth to Dirk, because I don’t wanna play the athletic sporting event. My petiteness is both sore and stiff and my legs are throbbing a little bit from yesterday’s workout. I normally don’t go around kicking objects with a right leg some sixty-yards into the air. And, this morning, my body will receive more pain. I sigh with pain.
“Sim,” singing in flute while hovering on her right side and watching her perform arm and elbow push ups when the Quarterback dashes up my bee_hind for my morning practice of kicking the ball between the goal posts.
“Yes, Princess,” singing in piccolo. “Two hundred sixty-six..,” completing the next athletic push up.
“Raise, okay! And, please call me, Starra,” instructing the little girl as Sim leaps, T-rex from a horiztional position into a vertical pose like a Resort kangaroo.
“Yes, Princess Starra,” she smiles and giggles while bouncing on ten toe bones. Close enough!
“Watch me,” I orders when the Quarterback places the ball on the grass.
I step a right cleat then a left cleat then a right cleat then a left cleat then bend and T-kick with a sore and stiff right leg. My right cleat and the upright ball violently connect and then prettily launch soaring high into the clouds, not really and then over the helmets of the Game players. The ball beautifully arches into middle part of invisible air space of the twin goal posts with Tele-ease. I sigh with beauty.
“Yeah, yeah, Princess Starra, ” Sim bounces and claps and bounces and claps up and down four times with heavy breathing.
“Okay, stopping bouncing around on the grass, sweetheart. Now…(points at ball)…you try it…until…(grins)…until I tell ya to quit…(Sim nods)…Great! Go for it, sweetheart!” I command as Princess Starra then back step on cleats from the Quarterback and Sim.
The Quarterback places the ball on the grass then Sim rears a right leg, kicks the ball. The ball travels three inches over the grass. I clap, “Good try,” encouraging, “Do it, again!”
Fifteen minutes, later. We take turns aiming and targeting the ball from a vertical ball kicking tee. I released the Quarterback of his duty just to piss off Dirk. I, of course hit my marked posts, each time with the help of my Tele-power of Telekinesis. Sim, of course drabbles the ball three inches, every time without any aid from me. I sigh with toil.
I grow very bore and T-lift a single chair from the fence post, quietly sitting and pulling a new adventure novel from my cute matching pink cloth bag matching my cute pink sundress, stored and crinkled inside the Locker Hut #13, me. 
I sit under a large lavender umbrella, provided by Hbot. I had borrowed then quickly reprogrammed for my selfie pleasure providing a tiny island of cool black shade from a hot yellow sun as little Sim tries desperately to strike air molecules between the twin goal posts. Sim grow tired and wonders back on cleats to the shaded long wooden bench, curling up like a kitty-cat, falling asleep from her exercises in the hot sun.
I read my book, hearing with eardrum the far distance noises of animal grunts and groans of the Game players practicing in blood, sweat, and tears. I totally ignore them then dive deeper into Chapter 34. I giggle then smile then grunt then hiss then boo then laugh at the interactive fictional paper characters, living inside my vivid imagination, when a dark shadow attacks my umbrella and my peace. The sun re-appears in hot and heated glory blinking my eyeballs then a sharp tenor cuts into my eardrums. I sigh with danger.
“Where’s Sim?” Dirk is really dumb, since Sim is located on the Game player’s long wooden bench, asleep. So, I have to baby spoon feed him.
“Sleeping,” painting a visual picture for Dirk’s slow IQ.
“What are you doing, Starra?” Dirk is really stupid dumb, since I’m reading a book within his eyeballs. So, I have to baby spoon feed him for a second time.
“Reading,” painting a second visual picture for Dirk’s slower IQ.
“A book!?” Dirk finally connects the spacey dots within his empty mind.
“A science fiction novel…” confirming his eyeballs and add, “It’s about a girl, who travels to another universe..,” dumps the plot, when a sharp tenor cuts off my sentence.
“What about the Game play books that I stole from the other nobles for you?” Dirk subject changes for some dang reason as I chin whip a face studying the sparkling blue goal posts with eyeballs.
“Ah, man! Am I supposed to read them things?” I giggle and inquire with kitty-cat curiosity.
“All of them,” Dirk reminds.
“Ya’ll know, I perused one. I find it, very boring, indeed. So’s, I gots this great adventure-action book, instead,” smiling and returning eyeballs to Chapter 34. “It’s about a girl, who travels to another galaxy…,” dumping the plot, when a sharp tenor cuts off my sentence.
“Your ball skills, Starra?” Dirk annoys for fun.
“My ball skills are perfected. I told ya today, yesterday, the day before yesterday.” I stated.
“Get up, Starra! It’s your turn to kick the ball into between the field goals.” Dirk commanded.
“Ah, man!” I whine, since I’m the kicker and he’s the kickee of me. I dump my book into the chair then trot behind Dirk like a Woof puppy. He stops at the 30-yard line as the Quarterback places the ball on the grass in an upright position.
I measure out the ball distance from a right cleat and announce to Dirk, who stands and hovers over the Quarterback, “Ya should backup, Dirk.” Dirk back steps a right cleat.
“Here,” Dirk asks looking at me as I shake my ponytail side to side.
“Back up, a little more, Dirk.” I order while he doesn’t move.
“Why!?” He questions with a sour face.
“So’s, I can miss the dang ball and purposefully hit my leg into your sensitive body part, Dirk,” smart-holing like an Agri princess as the Quarterback sniggers along with me, when Dirk quickly paces four steps from both the ball and me. Giggling, I stomp a right cleat then a left cleat then a right cleat then a left cleat then hear Dirk whine.
“I thought you were talented, Starra.” Dirk remarks as I swing a right leg and connect with the ball.
“I am.” I T-kick using Telekinesis and soar a flying ball into the sky and through the middle air space of two blue poles as Dirk claps and smiles.
“Very good, Starra! I guess, Sim won’t be playing….(chuckles)…yet.” Dirk threatens and chuckles as I stare with my invisible pink hot fire balls at Dirk.
Fbot hovers and hums, “The Game practice workout has ended for the Bonita Loyalist. The next noble team is Marquis Tok of the planet of Resort, the Resort Blue Bandits. Please vacant the ball field, King Dirk.”
one in the afternoon. King Game Day Playoff. Bonita Loyalists versus Agri Farmers. hot. Heated. Humid. 101ºF. sunny. blue sky. no clouds. “This is it, the ‘real’ Bonita Loyalist team. This is your first real Game of the Playoff. So, just win…(players cheers)…Do you have any more questions?” Dirk smiles and encourages his first noble team while we huddle outside in the corridor.
Jia asks, “When do we get paid?”
Jai asks, “When do we spend our currs?”
“After the game,” Dirk says, scanning eyeballs at a stern face of each Game player. “Any more questions,” he rotate neck muscles around the hallway. “Good luck! Win Bonita Loyalists!” Dirk cheerleads, first as the Game players cheer and jog out the door into the hot sun. Dirk sings in tenor saxophone calling from the rear of the players. “Starra!?” I halt then count to ten silently. Ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. zero. And guess what, Zero shows up, Dirk. Dirk lectures over my hair roots, “I’m expecting a great performance from you, today, Kicker Starra.”
“I’ll do my part. I’m only a Kicker, Dirk. I’m not the star Quarterback, geez,” wondering the personal interest in my ball performance. Dirk knows, like me that I possess one or maybe two awesome Tele-powers, like him. He just doesn’t know about the other two Tele-powers, unlike him.
“Just make certain, the lonely Game ball lands in the touchdown zone between the twin gold posts.” He lectures me for a second time as I smirk and giggle then tattle tail.
“Just make certain, the lonely curr bag is filled. Jia and her twin, sister Jai are not elbow teasing about getting paid your kingly currs.” I warmingly warn.
“I’ll do my part.” Dirk coolly reacts and smirks as I twist lips, right up into a nostril and tattle tail.
“Remember, Dirk, these new players are the previous inmates from the Prison Planet, not your royal subjects. They got, there, because they did something really terrible,” reminding him of his commitment to some really bad guys and gals in the universe.
“I see,” Dirk smiles and shares as I shake my ponytail side to side.
“Ya don’t see, buddy. You’re too focused on the Game. They’re too focused on the currs that you promised. Man, if’an ya break your promise, then they’ll be too focused….on you. They’ll do something really terrible to you, Dirk,” laughing my pretty butthole off, since my analogy is too funny to him, well, to me. I’ve been trying to eliminate this dork, since our dog drooling introduction in the first alien time line, being 169 days, ago. I sigh with purpose.
I might not have to worry about eliminating a kill shot on Dirk. I know him, too very well, since Dirk’s a cheat, a thief, and a dictator. Dictators always fall hard. Once, he executes his slick cheap plot to the prison inmates then the inmates will get, really mad. Then, the inmates are gonna kill him, well, for me. I giggle with a girly twang.
“That’s a very good observation, Starra. You might have, just saved my life.” Dirk smiles and shares.
“Naw, man! I don’t wanna be in the way, just in case, one of them killer bleeds ya and succeeds in confirming ya dead, King,” laughing my pretty butthole off as Dirk frowns with a sour face. I swing a body towards the archway and sing in fluttering flute, “Bye.”
I trot from the Locker Room onto the grass as the audience cheers, claps, boot stomps, whistles for the players, the coaches, and the Game. I feel excitement, nervousness, anticipation, thrillment…(yeah, a word, dude)…Since, I’m participating as a Kicker playing in the deadly violent sporting Game.
I flash back mentally into the first alien time line when I sat inside the Bonita sky box watching the Sahara Golden Warrior win the first game of the season.
I nervously outline my 3-D number on the soft cotton fabric short-sleeved ball jersey, not feeling the dirt and grime from yesterday. As a matter of fact, the fabric fibers are brand new, like not used. I jerk a face and see the protruded gem stones glistening in bright sunshine, hard and tough.
“These gem stones are going to hurt if someone hits my chest with their face,” Sim observes in a piccolo.
“That’s the point,” Ula laugh her buttholes off.
“Dirk likes to play dirty….,” Jai laughs her butthole off with the other vile Game players.
“….just like prisoners,” Jia adds. I sigh with worry.
“On the field, players,” Fbot hovers and hums when the Game players zoom out the Locker Room.
I jog with swinging arms along with Ula onto the grass field towards the center and stand in the duckling line-up along the white powdered horizontal line for the introduction of King Dirk and the beginning of the Game.
The Master of Ceremonies blasts via the comfone as I soldierly stand with my Bonita Loyalist noble team in a neat straight horizontal line based on our sequential numbers sewn into our Game jerseys outlined with the reddish-orange topaz stones, perpendicular to the visitor stadium bleachers.
After reading the Game play books, I learn that a unique number is issued to every player in the league, starting with the number zero to ninety nine, limiting the maximum number of members on a single team. Otherwise, the greedy nobles would recruit and paid hundreds of citizens to win the Game, denominating the sport. This way, the sport is truly competitive and honorable. Well, except, some nobles don’t have any fragment of honor in them, ya’ll know.
Dirk likes the Game, too receiving first issued Bonita Loyalist jersey. The number zero gleams in sparkling reddish-orange topaz semi-precious stones on Dirk’s yellow jersey. The whole number represents his zero IQ, his zero personality, his zero heart, and his zero soul. I sigh with zero.
Dirk is zero, captain is one, co-captain is two, and quarterback is three. Ula is twelve and I am thirteen, ya’ll get the foto.
The afternoon is beautiful. The sky is sizzling hot, humid, and cloudless with a rose and yellow blazing sun, unless ya wear black tinted sunglasses, like me. “Welcome Citizens of the Universe to the King Game Day Playoffs. The first 50 minutes of play will be the Bonita Loyalists versus the Agri Farmers,” the Master of Ceremonies announces via the comfone as the audience cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using hands and instruments. “King Dirk and his team mates stand on the field…(pauses)….And, here, come the Agri Farmers approaching from the entrance tunnel I have been told.” The audience cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments. A dark tall figure appears inside the tip edge of a dark tunnel and stops, then the figure slowly walk a face into the bright sun onto the grass field as I rip off my sunglasses for a better view with eyeballs.
“Who is that?” The Captain of Bonita Loyalists asks. “Where’s the Agri team?”
The Co-captain asks. “I guess so.”
“Rann,” whispering for my eardrums, only, using a T-spy of Teleclairvoyance while zooming eyelashes onto a lone figure. Rann steps a right cleat onto the grass, waving a right arm, dressed in an Agri Farmer dark green Game jersey with the number one of sparkling diamonds outlined on a muscular chest. Nice legs! I sigh with lust.
“Who!?” Ula asks narrowing her eyelashes at the lone figure.
“Prince Rann of the planet of Agri,” the Master of Ceremonies clarifies via comfone as the audience stands, cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments.
This man is loved by all. 
Rann jog with swinging arms and working legs towards the center of the field then stops his tallness directly in front of Dirk, standing toe to toe even in height as the audience silence for 1 second…2 seconds...3 seconds…and counting in math numbers.
“What’s going on, here?” Ula utters the mental question as eyeballs watch the nobles.
“Are they going to tango?” Bonita Loyalist #32 voices in alto clarinet as the duckling line-up giggles with silliness.
“Are they going to fight?” Bonita Loyalist #2 voices in baritone trombone as the duckling line-up chuckles with toughness.
Fbot or the football robot hands off a comfone, not the football to Rann while holding a metal limb in the air like a real flesh and blood citizen, sophisticated programming, ya’ll.
Rann smiles and shares, “Thank you, kind citizens.” the audience stands, cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments. Dirk motions Fbot for a second comfone, produced from a metal belly pouch.
Fbot hands off the comfone to Dirk then Dirk shouts, “Citizens.” The audience goes silent. Wow! That’s power! Dirk’s King, not a very good King, but he’s King. “Allow Rann the field,” he orders.
Rann stares into the grand bleachers while rotating a body and neck muscles in a slow circle and words, “King Dirk, loyal citizens, talented coaches, and Game players, I must concede the Game to the Bonita Loyalists. My noble team is unable to play, this afternoon. I offer my sincere apologies and humble forgives for my noble team and me. Thank you for your time and consideration of my delicate dilemma in the King Game Day Playoff round,” he ends with a bright smile while waving with a left hand then hands off the comfone to Fbot. Rann swings a face to Dirk then bows at a fit waist for respect and honor.
The audience goes hog wild with cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments. “Rann, Rann, Rann…,” chants in musical note c-sharp out of noble respect for Rann, not the Agri Farmers or Dirk or the Game.
The citizens love Rann, me too Yay, Rann! He’s going to be King, once the coup has been implemented against nasty King Dirk. I sign with secret.
“I…,” Dirk tries word.
The chant sings in musical note c-sharp. “Rann, Rann, Rann…,” swaying bodies left to right in wild cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments. Rann jogs back towards the dark tunnel and then disappears from my eyes. I replace the sunglass and clap along with the Bonita Loyalists.
The Master of Ceremonies screams via comfone, “Silence.” The audience goes silent as Dirk places the comfone near parted lips and smirks.
“I accept your concession, Prince Rann, the noble captain of the Agri Farmers of the King Game Day Playoff.” Dirk confirms the win then hands off the comfone to Fbot.
Fbot hovers and hums beside Dirk, “I am proud to announce the first round of the King Day Playoff is the Bonita Loyalists, noble team of King Dir. They win by the single Game rule of default, no opponent to fight over the ball.” Dirk grins ear to ear standing royally in place as the audience rustles and hustle out of the seats to gossip or eat or pee.
On the grassy field, the winning noble Game team members stand silent and stunned, after the brief announcement from Fbot. Then I scream with joy, bouncing up and down on my cleats. This is the time to celebrate. “We won. We won our first game.”
“Yeah! Hurrah!” Bonita Loyalist #57 screams in flute music along with the bunny hopping and frog leaping from other team mates up and down in the air then hugging our next door buddy.
Dirk orders the command then pivots towards the Locker Room, first, “Back to the Locker Room and then watch the rest of the Playoff teams.” He grins ear to ear with a bright smile, winning, not beating Rann in the sporting competition, only by default. Rann has conceded the entire Game to save me. I sigh with true love.
 The Agri Green Farmers are the worse noble Game ball team in the universe, but Rann doesn’t mind, being last. Since, firstly, he secretly roots for his old noble team, the Sahara Golden Warriors and secondly, secretly roots for me. He’s devoted to me while saving my precious hindie, also. I sigh with true love.
“Line up,” the Captain orders in baritone as I prance on legs and return to my numeric position within the duckling line-up right behind tall Ula. Every team mate skips and bounces on cleats in a standing pose while pumping both arms in the air side to side in thrilled excitement and fun. The Captain yells, “Move out.” We jog in place then trot off the manicured ball field, not into the locker room, but shuffling a vertical line along the hard vanilla pavement into an empty section of the bleachers.
I follow team members take turns squeezing between the chair bleachers for an empty seat then seat in my new Bonita Loyalist uniform right behind Dirk. Too bad! I’m not allowed to carry a dagger hiding inside a Game uniform. Just kidding!
The audience shuffles and shuttles on feet from a potty break as the new Game players, coaches, nobles, and bots invade the manicured green lawn of the Game stadium.
The Master of Ceremonies announces via the comfone, “The second round of the King Game Day Playoff is the noble team owned by Marquis Tok, the Resort Blue Bandits versus the Militia Black Fighters, owned by General Ira.”
 Fbot hums and hovers over an upright ball standing on the kicking tee, “Play ball!”
My excitement wears down from winning our first non-physical and non-violent sporting event of the first day without broken bones and bloody limbs.
Within thirty seconds of the first action play, a brilliant combination ball play of the Quarterback and one Runner on a powerful and impressive Resort Blue Bandits have plowed the ball 60-yards down the field into the Black Fighters’ field territory. The Master of Ceremonies announces via comfone, “The Bandits have lined up in a T-shaped formation. The ball snaps from the Center player to the Quarterback…,” like telling a story.
My mind clicks while recognizing the folded stance of the Bandit ball players on the field. They are going to execute a ball toss to the left side and then the Runner will catch it and make a touchdown, without using Telepathy. Since, I read the visual ball execution of the Quarterback inside one of the Resort Blue Bandit’s Game play books, stolen and provided by Dirk. Ya’ll see, I do my homework, sometimes. 
Dirk leans a skull towards the Captain of the Bonita Loyalists, who sits on the right side, “Won’t make it. It’s too far to toss the ball.” The Captain doesn’t comment but watches as I grin from ear to ear with my pretty smile.
Dirk doesn’t know, not seeing or reading the play that will be executed in a few more second as I giggle with a girly twang. Man, I’m really smarter than he. I sigh with smartness.
I lean forward into Dirk’s bald spot then whisper into a left eardrum as the ball snaps. “Watch closely! A Quarterback sneak with a fake hand off to the right at Runner #23, and then a hand off of the ball to Number #47, a better Runner. The Runner #47 grabs the ball galloping along the white powered sidelines for a score. Touchdown!” I smile, waiting and watching for Dirk’s stunned reaction while leaning closer to his smelly hair roots. I sigh with correctness.
“Touchdown,” the master of Ceremonies announces via comfone as the audience stands, cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments.
Dirk shows a nose profile to me, “Amazing! Ya used your Tele powers.”
“Naw, man!” I giggle into Dirk’s eardrum, “Didn’t ya read the Game plays your spies stole from the other noble team’s locker rooms?”
“No,” Dirk says as I laugh my pretty butthole off.
“Part of winning the Game is stolen knowledge plus stolen skills, Dirk,” lecturing to him how to play both the mental and physical game. I learned from both Rann and Ty while hearing them talk about the Game and the Game and the Game inside the skybox before, during, and after the Game.
Dirk chuckles, “You read the play books.”
“Yeah, I did. Now, I know all the Game plays for every noble team,” bragging and boasting my learned new knowledge, since I really have read the play books for defeating Dirk, not Rann or any of the other honest working nobles. I sigh with double-spying.
Dirk hisses between crooked yellow teeth, “Excellent, we make a great team, Starra.”
“Naw, man! We ain’t! I like to win,” adjusting the odds…for me as Dirk laughs his buttonhole off then swings a face to watch the rest of the Game.
Marquis Tok’s Resort Blue Bandits won the Game over General Ira’s Militia Black Fighters with a score of 20 to 10. In the third and last match of the evening, the Commerce Lavender…(yeah, baby)….Royalists creamed the Tech Silver Bots with a score of 70 to 5. The Playoffs had ended.
evening. The Royal noble Game parties begin at each noble palace as the Game parade ends at the Royal castle for a big good time for each noble winning or losing team members, team guests, team friends, team family, and team mascot, who show up to eat, drink and be merry until when. That’s got three quotation marks!!!
I’m personal escorted by my six of Dirk’s Royal Honor Guards back to the Royal castle, too for the dance, food, and entertainment but a little more exhausted than excited at the late night hour of a Commerce day.
Tomorrow is the King Game Day of Semi Finalist I must participate in the morning practice and afternoon festival with a broken heart and a deflated ego, missing my man, Rann. I dance at the three songs with different male and female team members for laughs and fun being a good time during a late evening. The players enjoy glass drinking and social antics of laughing, joking and having fun, including silly tactics of breaking two wooden light weight tables, tossing tons of sharp darts at the lavender wall and body parts along with busting glass bottles of beverages at the wall and each other’s hard skulls. They miss, of course, the wall. Then, the intoxicated players and their special guests decide to toss sideways hard furniture and harder bodies at the wall and ceiling. I dance backwards wiggling my bee_hind into an oversized leather chair while watching with narrowed eyelashes the silly action, laughing occasionally at the more silly fools. I miss Rann. I sigh with loneliness.
Each noble and noble team mates are holding a celebration for their team, except for Rann, since he isn’t inside his local Agri palace on Commerce. I T-probe with Teleclairvoyance while zombie-resting inside the purple chair of Dirk’s Royal castle, Rann ain’t with his Game team. The Business Associates are not located on Commerce, either, since they’re located on the Farm World busy planting, gathering, and harvesting food crops. The Business Associates aren’t interested in sports, dances or citizens, only food and farms. I sigh with hungry.
Rann is at Ty’s victory Game celebration party inside the Sahara mansion. Ula is correct. She wouldn’t fit into the “in” crowd on Agri, since Ula is truly a party girl. She’s having a good time, here. I enjoy laughing at the drunkard fools of the universe then T-zap a Tele-shield around my chair and my petiteness from becoming squash like a flora flower from an overweigh brute, marking me a lavender spot on the floor. I sigh with foolishness.
Before the party poops with most of the players, guests…uh…strangers are passed out on the purple carpet, I exit the Royal palace with a sober four Royal Honor Guards escorting me back to my Ice palace. I sigh with sleep.
day 170. King Game Day Semi-Finalist. Bonita Loyalists versus Resort Bandits. sunny. blue blue sky. hot. humid. three in the afternoon. 99ºF. The Bonita Loyalists win the curr toss and elects to take the Game ball and score, if possible. The Resort Bandits kick it high in the air when Ula catches the ball, tucking under a left armpit and swiftly extending her right arm, fighting off the oncoming Bandit defensive gals and guys, who try to force grab the Game ball from Ula. She runs on cleats from the ten-yard line and then sprints down the sidelines over the middle of the ball field. Then Ula is tackled by her ankles from a Bandit Tackler at the forty-yard line as the audience, standing on feet, cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments. The Bonita Loyalists cheer loud with healthy lungs along with me.
The Game players change roles to defenders. I’m a Kicker playing on the Offense team if the team doesn’t get a touchdown. Then I don’t get to kick the Game ball after each touchdown score. Okay, ya’ll, I’m totally lost. I sigh with confusion.
That’s not right. I kick the Game ball, only, if the team doesn’t get a score, and, only, if the coach likes me…naw…let’s me. Dirk is telling the Coach-man, who calls out the ball plays and players, while I watch action. Therefore, I might not get to play or kick, so I sit my bee_hindie on a soft plush lavender fabric long bench. Wow! I sigh with softness.
Okay, no player scores any math number points on the score board on the comlen. And the Bandits Kicker, like me, kicks the Game ball in the air and then lands it into Ula’s two hands, again. Ula tucks the ball under a right armpit then blocks with a left arm. She runs downs the middle of the grass, jerks to the right of Bandit #19, then dupes Bandit #87 to the left, then frog-leaps over the Bandit #53 in the air, and finally rolls over Bandit #48. Ula lands on two cleats then fall a body and a ball onto the twenty-yard line of the Bandits ball end zone.
I jump and cheer in the grass on the field sidelines for Ula, an excellent Game player as the audience, standing on feet, cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments. The Bonita Loyalists cheer with me while the Resort Bandits boos.
The Loyalist Center snap the ball into the Quarterback’s two palms then back steps from the line of fighting guys and gals. He sees the Runner, who run side to side inside the end zone and then tosses the ball into the blue sky to the Runner. The Runner jump, T-rex like a birdie and catches the Game ball into his chest then lands and falls a body into the end zone. The audience is standing on feet then cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments. The Bonita Loyalists cheer with me, while the Resort Bandits boos at the score.
“Touchdown,” Fbot hovers and hums over a fallen Game ball in the end zone as the audience, standing on feet, cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments.
Dirk neck snaps a skull at me and then motions with a right hand when a tall Game player leaves the soft cushioned bench down four seats from me. Ya’ll know, the “real” Bonita Loyalist Kicker on the noble team. He performs a flawless execution of a high kick of the Game ball between the goal posts, putting two math points on the score board. The score is 10 to 0, the Bonita Loyalists are winning.
Ya’ll know, I can do that exactly that, too I sighed with annoyance.
I sit my bee_hind on the soft bench with a face between my hands, since I’m playing and my team is winning the game. Then Ula intercepts the Game ball from the Resort Quarterback as the audience stands on fee then cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments. The Bonita Loyalists cheer, not me.
Ula runs through Bandit #67 and #87 then jumps over Bandit #20, and leaps over Bandit #76 like a plantation frog and then over three fallen Resort players she tucks the Game ball under a right armpit. She gallops like a horse to the end zone as the audience stands on feet then cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments. The Bonita Loyalists cheer, not me.
“Touchdown,” Fbot hums and hovers over a fallen Game player and ball as the audience stand on feet then cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments. The Bonita Loyalists cheers, not me.
“Starra,” Dirk yells my name as I whip a chin seeing Dirk waves a right hand at me. I sigh with anticipation.
This is it, calling me to play…naw…kick the ball in the Game for the extra points. I feel excitement, nervousness, anticipation, and thrillment…(yeah, baby)…I leap, kitten-like from a sitting position into a running pose while waving both hands and arms and both legs, airborne like a dancing chicken.
I park two cleats with sharp spikes deeply into the sand and grass on Dirk’s right side. “Ready,” yelling in flute over a roaring audience of cheers, while standing and touching Dirk’s right pointy elbow. I sigh with excitement.
Dirk doesn’t eyeball me while shoving with a left hand at female Runner from his left side, “Go,” he yells. The female Game player runs her cleats towards a circle of huddled players within my eyeballs and neurons. I sigh with confusion.
“Dirk,” whining to play and kick the Game ball for the first time, ever. I sigh with nervous.
“Stand here!” Dirk orders to me then snaps a second command behind a left shoulder, “Kicker.”
The same guy, tall and muscle bound, slowly struts on cleats like a farm turkey from the soft bench cushion towards Dirk. “Sire,” he doesn’t even face Dirk’s pointy nose profile with disrespect, just like a prisoner.
 “Go,” Dirk orders shoving a left hand on the guy’s right shoulder towards a circle of huddled players as the Kicker slowly struts his butthole onto the grass and into the Game.
“Heyyyy…,” whining like a baby, when a sharp tenor cuts off my sentence.
“Quiet,” Dirk stings me like an Agri bumble bee, figuratively, ya’ll.
I do not think, believe or look like that I’m going to play in Game action, so I silent in respect of the Game, not from obeying Dirk’s nasty single command. I swing a face with eyeballs watching the Game, maybe, the Kicker will miss. I can use my Tele-power to make that nasty happening, not fair. That’s cheating. I sigh with honesty.
The Bonitian Kicker, not me, beautifully sail the Game ball from the Quarterback’s index finger tip between the twin blue goal posts with ease for the five math numeric points. He is talented, but, so I am. I can do that, too. I sigh with disappointment.
I’m being paid high priced currs to kick a ball, too, standing next to Dirk in silence protect…(yeah, baby)….That’s working really well with folded biceps over the topaz stones kinda cutting into my soft knuckles.
Then I suddenly recall within my neurons something from Rann at dinner time, the other night. Rann had made an arrangement with Dirk. Dirk hates Rann however Dirk will not never ever disobey or break a deal with Rann, because of Rann’s trillions of currs. I sigh with irritation.
I swing a face and T-view using Telepathy into Rann’s noble Agri skybox. Empty. He’s inside Ty’s noble sky box, ya’ll. I swing a face more to the right and see a happy Rann back slapping a happy Ty on the back muscle. They smile and laugh with joyous laughter, since I hear it with my big Tele-ears. Gotcha! I pretend to hear the vocal comments and obnoxious baritone laughter.
I sigh with joking.
Rann ain’t rooting for the Bonita Loyalists to the win the Game. He’s pleased with his person and his arrangement with Dirk, ensuring my life, my security, and my safety in the Game. And Rann’s plan is working, because Dirk is conforming, “plan C.” Dirk has been paid with Rann’s currs, so I cannot play and kick the Game ball with my team mates. I sigh with fury.
I slowly body spin on cleats from the grass field while strolling a body like a snail back to my assigned spot on the soft cushioned bench, scanning with eyeballs plus neurons the missing, injured or dead Game players…(yeah, ya’ll)….dead. A play team consists of thirty citizens, male and female, over the age of sixteen-solar years, who like…naw…love both pain and death. As of now, there are forty healthy Game players in excellent condition from the original ninety-nine players forty minutes, ago at the start of the Game. Forty two players, if you count me and little Sim. I sigh with danger.
The Game rule states a noble Game team only needs one Game team mate to start and end the play until dead while I grin ear to ear about Rann, yesterday. He could’ve chosen to play to the death, instead elected not to die. A one man or woman team is responsible for play tackling, running, and scoring the Game ball into the touchdown end zone. Ya’ll know, using all my Tele-powers I can do that, too. I do not display my Tele-talents to Dirk, dangerous for me. I sigh with caution.
The audience stands on feet then cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments. The Bandit Loyalists boo, when I jerk a face to see the score. The Game is tied up at 20 to 20.
I didn’t read the Book about a tie in the many Game rules and regulations. I stand and twist cleats to the “real” Bonita Loyalist Kicker, who drink water and watches the plays then park and see an ugly nose profile.
I wanna know, “What happens if our Game ends in a tie?”
“Whoever wins the next game will be the Champs?” The Kicker smart-holes.
“We don’t play another ball round to break the tie.” I ask.
“If ya read the Book, when ya be in Uni, then ya know the answer to your second question.” The Kicker smart-holes, again. I have a great reason for not reading the Book at the Uni school attended by all children and teens, ya’ll. I stare and blast a stream of invisible pink fire balls from my gray eyeballs at the Kicker.
“Well, I didn’t,” smart-holing to him, while the Kicker ignores me for 1 second…2 seconds…then I address with an ice cold flute, “Answer me,” burning more pink fire balls from my silver eyes. I’m Countess Starra, noblette of Ice, a dead planet but who cares, now.
The Kicker is a Commoner, who swings a face, grinning and giggling like a farm turkey at me. He is tall with large bugling muscles, not afraid of my commands or my status, and probably not Dirk’s either.
I’m truly meshing my body and my personality with the Commoners then glance a sour face to the sidelines at Dirk. He intently waves and kicks both arms and a left leg into the grass regarding the ball Game play foul call from Fbot.
The Kicker remarks while watching Dirk. “We cannot play, if the Game ends in a tie.”
“We lose.” I guess.
“We forfeit the Championship.” He clarifies.
“We lose.” I repeat.
“We lose.” He repeats. I sigh with sorrow.
My girl pals only get paid the currs, if we play and win, being Dirk made up Game rule. He tattled to me on the first day of ball Game practice inside an empty corridor in front of the Girls’ Locker Room. I didn’t debate before deciding to win the Championship for my noble team and beat out Rann, too. I sigh with deceit.
If we don’t win, then we will not advance to the next match, tomorrow. Man, time is running out on the clock. There’s two minutes left on the comlen before the end of our game, our defeat.
We can’t win, if we can’t score and don’t have enough clock playing time.
I watch with concern and kitty-cat curiosity. The Bonita Loyalist Center hikes the Game ball to the Quarterback, who cuddles the ball like a baby. Then the Quarterback is slapped down to the ground by a Resort Tackler and luckily protects the ball under his arms, saving our ball possession.
Fbot hovers and hums over a fallen body and ball, “Third down, Bonita possesses the Game ball, fifty-four yard lines from the end zone.” I can kick from the fifty-four yards.
I rebel yell, “Dirk,” galloping from the arrogant Kicker towards Dirk.
“Quiet,” he orders while watching the Fbot re-position the Game ball.
“Time out!” I command. “Call time out, Dirk. Do ya wanna…,” dumps the words when a sharp tenor invades my eardrums and a sharp pointy elbow slams into my left jaw line as I T-balance with Telekinesis flinging away from Dirk’s waving hands and arms.
“Go away, Starra…,” Dirk sings in tenor while watching Fbot waves red flags to start the next play.
“Do you wanna win the Champion Game, Dirk?” I get his full attention when he swings a sour face at me.
“Yessss…,” Dirk hisses like a snake.
“Call a time out, Dirk, now,” commanding like an alien with twisted lips, right up into a nostril.
“Time out!” Dirk waves and yells the time out signal to Fbot as the comlen stops at 0:30 seconds of time left in the Game. The Game players huddle in a semi-circle on the field.
“Put me in.” I order.
“You’re a crazy nut? No?” He yells staring bull-frog eyes at me.
“I’ll kick.” I stated. “I can kick the fifty-four-yard field goal and win the Game, Dirk.” I believe.
“Countess, the distance is sixty yards, not fifty-four,” one of the Game players corrects for all eardrums.
“Sire, she can do it,” the Co-captain confirms for all eardrums.
“She can!?” Dirk still doesn’t believe in me and my Tele-powers.
“I can,” singing in piccolo with happiness.
“Starra hits all her kicks from the fifty yard line, Dirk,” the Co-captain smiles and bobs a black skull while I grin ear to ear. 
“She does!?” Dirk still doesn’t believe me and my Tele powers.
“I do,” singing in piccolo with extreme happiness.
“She does,” the Co-captain winks an eyelid, right at me.
“Go, Starra, go! Win the Game!” Dirk shoves a right hand on my left shoulder as my spinal nerves tingles with excitement, anticipation, and thrillment. 
I jog on cleats on the grass stepping a left cleats beside the Quarterback.
“What’s the play?” The Quarterback asks while staring at me.
“What’s she doing here?” Ula asks with shock.
“Kicking the Game ball!” I smile and share with happiness, noting that Ula’s truly too competitive. She has been the super star of the team, today and the outstanding player of the Game.
“Learn to share the glory with the Bonitian teammates, girl pal,” whispering into her left arm. The Quarterback orders, “Starra’s going to kick the sixty-yard field goal.”
“Impossible. She can’t do it.” Ula insults my ball skills.
“I can,” singing in piccolo music with happiness.
“She kicks,” the Quarterback re-orders and face flips a face to me. “Let’s do it! Break?” The Game players clap hands.
“Wait!” Ula whips a face to me and insults, “Ya can’t make it. You’re going to get hurt, Starra.”
I can make it, not going to get hurt, sounding just like Rann. I sigh with annoyance.
All thirty Game players line up bodies against many bodies with the Bonita offensive line protecting me…naw….the ball. I sigh with nervousness.
The ball is the star, not me, repeating inside my mind.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I want our team to win, be victorious and be the Champs of the Universe. I want to prove that I’m also talented and independent Game player on a noble team. I sigh with ambition.
I cut eyelashes to Rann, who stands inside Sahara’s sky box with his bestest pal, Ty. Rann shifts boots side to side while waving both arms and hands in the air then direct an index finger down on the grassy field like a madman. His mouth’s moving but I can’t hear the words, giggling with a girly twang. And Ty is talking with two of Sahara Honor Guards while finger pointing with a right hand at the ball field, also. I giggle at the silly performance trying to pretend the shouting words, actions, and comments are about me. My Tele-powers ding. Everything ain’t fine. 
“Hike,” a deep baritone trombone rumbles. Pow!
I blink eyelashes once, twice, and thrice open seeing blue, yellow, and pink stars within dizzy mind then see blue and yellow stars floating against a baby blue sky, a yellow sun, and series of white clouds, soaring birds overhead. I lay vertically on the grassy field, breathing hard and dizzy.
“Starra, are you hurt?” The Quarterback kneels beside a zombie-posed me.
“Only my pride,” joshing and giggling with silliness from my arrogance.
“Can you stand?” The Quarterback stands, hovers, and offers a right hand for me.
Dirk ain’t running onto the ball field for assistance to me as I sit up folding at my waist with a dizzy headache. The tiny little yellow stars are spinning off into outer space from my eyeballs. I wipe moisture from my nose with a right hand, drawing back red stuff, blood. My blood, I’m bleeding. I sigh with injury.
“Stang,” whispering for my eardrums, only as the Quarterback grabs my twin shoulders pulling me upright into a solider from the grass.
“Can ya stand, Starra?” The Quarterback whispers into my right eardrum while cuddling me into his chest. I stumble and tumble a little dizzy and a lot of mad. I got hit when a Bonita player missed a block. I sigh with fury.
“Five seconds left on the comlen.” Fbot hovers and hums over a fallen ball, “The ball is located on the 54-yard line.” The players huddled around me.
“What play?” Ula asks.
“We kick,” the Quarterback orders the same Game play without smiling.
“Yes, we kick. The next person to miss their man is going to answer to …,” pausing and smling as I grin ear to ear with an evil sneer on bleeding freckles and name, “Rann.” I don’t joked, since Rann has ordered the Death Squad to attack the Resort linebacker on previous Game play with harming me. I feel sorry for that Game player, once Rann finds him or her, snorting with wild-ass boar.
My Bonita team mates cuddles shoulder to shoulder to protection me on the line of scrimmage as a Bandit #67 teases for annoyance. “Are you bleeding, princess?”
“Ya can’t take a hint, princess,” Bandit #90 taunts in vile comment at me. But this is my idea, my plan, my ball, my goal, and my win.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
My Tele-powers are functioning. Check! The twin blue goal posts are clear. Check! The Game ball snaps. Check! I T-slam a Tele-shield around me using Telekinesis to help and protect me from the line of enemies, who have verbally threatened my life. I don’t wanna get hurt for a second time. Man, I don’t like spilling my precious red blood on the green grass. I bet I look pretty, giggling as the Quarterback catches the ball with ease and places it swiftly on the level ground.
The Bonita Blockers are holding the Resort Tacklers with hands, arms, feet, and bodies. Check!
I step a right cleat then a left cleat then a right cleat, then a left cleat, rearing a right leg back and kicking a right cleat forward at the ball. I T-connect the ball then T-launch to the moon. Just kidding! Commerce does not have moon. But, it does have some kind of small comet.
The ball soars in the air waves like a birdie. Anyways, a moon would be out of boundaries, not counting towards the score of five extra points to win the Game.
The ball sails over the helmets my team mates, my foes, the Fbot, and the remaining torn and ripped grass through the double blue goal posts like a programmed zipper ship.
I scream and jump up and down with joy on my first play of the Game. Okay! My second play, the body hit plus red blood counts, too.
The audience stand on feet then cheers, claps, hoots, stomps, and whistles using both hands and instruments, hearing bells, drums, and horns, blowing in the air waves. The stadium rafters are shaking with violent movement. Just kidding! I sign with victory.
Fbot hovers and hums over the fallen ball, “Game over.”
 The Master of Ceremonies announces via the comfone, “The Bonita Loyalists win 25 to 20 over the Resort Blue Bandits.”
Marquis Tok walks across a wrecked field of mud, dirt, sand, and blood with his detailed Resort Honor Guards around his big body. He extends a right hand to Dirk, shaking hands like gentlemen.
Tok slaps Dirk hard on the back with a right hand, “Great sporting event, Dirk! Congratulations! Ya got yourself a great little team, here.” He winks an eyelid, right at me, “And, if ya don’t want to kick for Dirk, anymore, Starra. Come and see me! I got awaiting Kicker position for you on my team.”
Dirk grabs my right forearm, cuddling me close to him, “Forget it, Tok. Starra’s my player.”
Tok laughs and slaps a right hand onto left shoulder blade, T-catching a flying a body, before I hit the grass. He’s a very large and powerful man. I’m very impressed with the showmanship of the Resort Bandits.
I cut eyelashes at Rann, standing on feet inside Ty’s noble skybox. He sees me and raises his glass of ale to me. He knows, understands, and finally respects me and my skills. I sigh with respect.
Fbot hovers and hums over a fallen Game ball over the 50-yard line, “The next King Game Day Semi-Finalist is the King Dirk’s noble team called the Commerce Royalists versus the Sahara Warriors, owned by Ambassador Ty. The two noble teams will start the fight in fifteen minutes.” The audience stands on feet and slowly rustles from the chairs while cheering and clapping.
I lightly trot across the grass field with my team mates then walk to the edge of the dark tunnel and stop. I swing a face behind a right shoulder stealing eye glances of the newest Game ball players.
The Commerce Royalists roll onto the grass field in a straight line, singing, and math counting in unison like professional and disciplined solider then the line stops. The players fan out into three neat rows as the Coach-man shouts, “Push ups. One. Two. Three.” The players hit the grass, counting in musical note a-sharp. “One. Two. Three,” lifting a torso high on one and down on two. Very impressive! Very disciplined! Very professional!
The newest gals and guy into the Game are also bigger, tougher, rougher, and meaner than the wimpy Bonitians when my Tele-powers ding. Everything ain’t fine.
I hear my team mates shouts and sings words of victory while strutting their wiggling bodies into the locker room.
“We won!” Bonita Loyalist female sings in alto clarinet.
“We’re going to be the champs.” Bonita Loyalist male voices in French horn.
Yeah, we won, not without sacrifice of more injured and dead players for the next Game, the Championship of the Universe. I sigh with doom.
I cut eyelashes from the players to Rann. He still stands beside Ty inside the Sahara sky box with two biceps crossing over his chest, not smiling. Rann stare eyeballs at the bigger Commerce players also, appearing very concerned on a face.
day 171. Stadium. ball field. Game practice. hot. humid. early morning. 77ºF. I waltz onto a new manicured grassy field in my new clean not abused Bonita jersey uniform while feeling tired and achy from that body hit, yesterday. I have healed about half of my busted lip from yesterday being too emotionally exhausted, worried, and emotionally excited about the Championship Game, this afternoon for a hundred percent recovery of both a mind and a body. Now, I encounter a slime ball on the grass manicured field.
“Starra,” Dirk greets. “You’re playing Tackler.”
“Jia is the Tackler.” I remind with a grumpy soprano.
“She is. But, she’s also a Runner.” He explained.
“I wanna play Quarterback,” whining for a better position, while surprising Rann with my Game skills of tossing the Game ball and catching at the same time, giggling with silliness. Then I can kick the Game ball for more math number points and win the Game, all by my selfie, giggling.
“No, Tackler.” He commanded.
“Quarterback!?” I debate.
“Sim?” Dirk twists an evil grin and yell as I swing a face seeing little Sim skips like a little girl, which she is from a thick pillow on the long bench.
“Sire,” Little Sim stops and curtseys with a brown ponytail, skinny legs and arms then poses cute-like to Dirk.
“You are…,” Dirk starts to order her to play a Game position when I stomp a right cleat almost on his toes.
“Dirk!” I warn then slides my lips, left with fighting fury.
“Backup Runner after Starra poops out…(smiles at me)…(views Sim)…Is that okay with you, dear?” Dirk asks with kindness.
“I am!?” Little Sim confuses with a smile then curtseys for a second time to Dirk.
“You’re a very valuable member of my Game team, dear.” Dirk compliments.
“Thank you, Your Highness!” Little Sim smiles and giggles as Dirk pats a skull like a baby Woof puppy. I sigh with annoyance.
“Starra?” Dirk sings and smiles in tenor. “You’re now first string Runner.”
“Fine,” singing in flute and strolling onto the newly manicured grass field as Dirk follows behind me.
He yells to the Game players. “Let’s practice hard. Line up. Begin play Alpha, Beta, Zeta, Khan, and Tango.” I start with a run then a jump followed by leaping, hitting, grunting, sprinting then falling over upright bodies, fallen players over the grass and on the equipment. I tumble in sweat, blood, and tears face, first saving my bee_hindie with a T-zap of Telekinesis on the dirt.
Fbot hovers and hums into Dirk’s left ear, “The Game practice workout is concluded for the Bonita Loyalists, King Dirk.” I sigh with pain.
And this is my last Game practice and my last day of prison duty, so no Royal Honor Guards are escorting me to the air-limo. Dirk is kind, not really, releasing me a day earlier from prison for winning him the Game, yesterday. I hog the entire rear bench with a horizontal body back home to my Ice palace, too pooped and exhausted to fly home, a benefit of being a Game player on a winning team, not a noble, giggling.
Starra’s castle. morning. sunny. blue sky. cloudy. 88ºF. I open then slam the front door of my mansion for my bots, only. “What a day?” I walk through a darken room since the curtains are closed for some dang reason. “Bot, lights! Where’s that flying trash can?” Then, the large spacey room illuminates in white colors reflecting off the paint. “Thanks,” yelling then plopping inside a white leather chair. I lift brown muddy, red dirt, and tan sandy cleat onto the footstool, closing eyelashes with frustration. I baby grizzle growl, “If I knew ya were coming then I’d have baked a cake.”
“You cannot cook,” a sexy deep baritone trombone voice remarks while he sits comfortably inside one of two white soft cushions hidden in a dark corner of the large spacey room.
“Exactly,” singing in flute and giggling with eyelashes closed.
“How was practice?” The sexy deep baritone trombone voice asks.
“Exhausting,” singing and giggling in flute with eyelashes closed.
“You’re the Kicker. How many times does it take you to get the Game ball through the goals?” A sexy deep baritone trombone smart-sounds while I giggle.
“Ya should know the answer to your question. Didn’t you see me in the Game, yesterday? On the first try, I’m playing Kicker, well, along with two additional Game positions on Defense. Or is it Offense? I get the two confused.” I update and giggle.
 “Explain?” The sexy baritone trombone grows dark and intimidating as I lounge in the chair and footstool with eyelashes closed.
“Are you a spy or something!? I don’t owe you any explanation. But, I think you owe me one, like why ya here, buddy?” I share and giggle with eyelashes closed, lounging in the soft fabric cushion.
“We need to talk, Starra.” The sexy baritone trombone proclaims while sitting a torso upright inside the soft sofa.
“Subject matter!?” I feel at little short tempered, this morning. Since, the Champion Game starts in four hours, later this afternoon. I need rest and food. I sigh with victory.
 “You!” The sexy baritone trombone exclaims.
 I mice-squeak then eyeball the citizen sitting on my sofa, without permission, “Me! We always discuss me. I suggest that we discuss you. How’s the farm, Rann?” I smile and giggle with silliness.
“You’re in danger, Starra,” Rann warns with a stern handsome face.
I lecture while re-positioning a skull back on the soft head rest, “The Game is a dangerous sport. Violence begets violence. The kill, the players await, and attain, etc, and etc…,” holding a dirty right hand with five broken pink-painted finger nails from punching some of my team mates during the Game workout then giggle.
“Starra!?” Rann sings in a sexy baritone trombone while loving it.
“Thanks for your concerns! But I’m holding my own, just fine. I’m worried about some of my team members, thro,” updating with concern. Since we are down to sixteen players to start, play, and use for both the Defense and Offense plays.
“Dirk is going to kill you, Starra.” Rann tattles…way too late. Since, Dirk’s been trying to send me right back into the wormhole in the first alien time line, but I only know that.
“Dirk is trying to kill you, Rann. He hates your guts. Dirk hates Ty but only on an intellectual level. Dirk’s never going to forget your brilliant move on the prison sentencing edit. So, he only wants to hurt Ty, very badly,” laughing my pretty buttonhole off. Since, I’ll protect both Rann and Ty from Dirk, foreverly.
“My inside Sources tell me…,” Rann dumps, accidentally, when I jerk a torso from the head rest, baby grizzly bear growling into the air waves.
“Wait! Hold the comfone! Your….(grunts)… inside Sources, they tattle on me to you, Rann.” I wanna get the statement, right. But, Rann just smiles at me, since he does what he wants in the universe. I sigh with fury.
“I have allies, Rann.” Rann confesses with a slick smile.
“What about the ‘Starra can take care of herself speech’?” I debate as Rann chuckles and.
He updates. “Ya can…(chuckles)…with my help.” I jump, kitten-leap from the chair.
 “What!?” I smart-hole, while my body violently aches from that sudden leg action, bruising more body parts than originally suspected from the morning tough-girl practice. “Your help!? How much help!? Or…(purrs; smiles)….should I say how many currs to help me!?”
“This is not relevant to our debate, sweetheart.” Rann snaps back then smiles like a kitty-cat at me.

“You have been tossing currs at everyone to protect me. Stang!” I yell in flute parking hands on a dirty uniform.
“A lady shouldn’t use that word, sweetheart,” Dirk purses lips, ugly and reprimands like a father.
“How much…(stomp cleat)…do I owe ya, Rann? I only gots 90-million. Well, I guess, after we win the Championship, then I’ll have one seventeenth of 140 million jack pot. So, the math number 17 into 140,000,000 is about 8.23%, if I’ve calculated the math, correctly.” I giggle.
“You’re missing the point of this important conversation, sweetheart.” Rann annoys me for fun.
“Naw, man! I think not. A long time ago, I was your fiancé. Then, you could toss millions of currs to the universe. It was your choice. At present, I be not your fiancé. So, I cannot justify your currs while feeling obligated to repay you back, Rann. That’s my choice.” I debate as Rann smiles while slowly standing on booted feet from the soft cushion with an unemotional, non-revealing sober and serious face. I immediately step backwards on cleats from his tallness.
Rann sings in baritone trombone, smiling and stepping a right boot towards me, “The currs do not matter to me, only you, sweetheart. I’m very worried about your safety. I don’t want you playing in the Championship Game, tonight.” He smiles moving closer to me as I hold a dirty and bloody index finger before my dirty right cheekbone.
I sing in flute, “First, I’m not worried. Second, I’m not a debatable subject. Three, I’m not a prisoner. Four, I’m not your attachment. Five, I’m a free person. Six, I’m a noble. Seven, I can come and go as I please. Eight, I’m playing in the Championship game. Nine, you…or ten, any other natural or unnatural phenomenon ain’t going to stop me. Should I continue counting, Rann?” I hold ten dirty and bloody finger pads in the air.
“I was hoping that you’d have agreed with me, sweetheart,” Rann smiles and moves a left boot towards me.
“Naw, man. I’s don’t,” slinging Southern slang at him while back stepping on a left cleat from a deviously smiling Rann.
“I tried using logic, reasoning, and emotions. But, yet, you do not heed my warning, sweetheart.” Rann smiles and moves a right boot towards me.
“What warning, Rann?” I back step on a left cleat and ask.
“My warning, sweetheart.” Rann smiles and moves a right boot towards me as I swing a skull to a smiling Ty, who sits on the opposite corner of my sofa across from Rann.
“Ty, you’re awfully quiet, over there,” investigating his smart-hole smirk.
“I’m back up, in case ya knock Rann out.” Ty snickers like a sly fox without moving and eating a piece of my chocolate cake.
“Backup!?” I repeat while back stepping on a right cleat as Rann smiles and moves a left boot towards me.
“I didn’t want to do this, sweetheart.” Rann smiles and moves a right boot towards me.
“Do what!?” I back step a right cleat then a left cleat towards a wall. “What are you going to do, Rann?”
“This is not going to hurt, you, sweetheart.” Rann smiles and moves closer to me.
“Hurt!? Heck!? You’re going to harm me. So, I can’t play in the Game. Break my arm, my leg or my neck.” I guess wildly then back step a right cleat into the wall.
“I’m not going to harm you, sweetheart. I love you, Starra.” Rann smiles and moves closer as I stand against the wall between a book case and a chair.
I threaten with violent while cat-spitting mouth salvia at his boot toes, since Rann practically is standing on my cleats, “Well, ya betta be accurate, buddy. Because, ya get one shot, Rann. Then, it’s my turn. I plan to really hurt you…bad, dude.” I baby grizzly growl as Rann stomps a booted feet closer.
“Please don’t act like this?” Rann softens his baritone parking a right hand against the wall then a left palm while surrounding me.
“Ty’ll be flying you home on a stretcher. All’s fair in love and war, Rann!” I quote from a famous Earth novel as Rann doesn’t smile or comment. I sigh with shock.
Ty snickers in the background while sitting comfortably on my sofa sucking down my cold beverage. “I would concede, now, Starra.”
Rann isn’t carrying a stun maser, a rope or dagger. He’s not displaying any weapons of any kind. He has brute physical strength and could break my arm in three places with a powerful hand. But, I have my Tele-powers, since Rann doesn’t stand a chance against me. I sigh with confusion.
“I don’t understand,” softly wording as Rann smiles in my face.
“I’ll explain tomorrow, sweetheart,” Rann sweet breathes in my face, wrapping biceps around me and wall like a spider in its silky web.
“Explain now,” softly insisting as Rann smiles.
“Tomorrow, sweetheart” he whisper into my right eardrum then kisses my earlobe.
“Why are you doing this?” I ask meekly.
“I love you, Starra.” Rann confesses and smiles, pulling me closer into his naked and heated chest. He pulls back from my face and smiles then kisses my lips. I feel warmth and softness of his lips touching mine, the heat of his muscled body against my cool sweaty chest and the intense passion of our combined eternal love.
I’m tired from a morning grueling physical butthole kicking workout while melting like warm butter into his two arms then I feel funny, lightheaded, dizzy, and weak.
“I ...,” barely whispering the word.
“I truly love you, Starra. You’re my Princess,” Rann softly whispers as I faint into darkness between his biceps.
Sahara. castle, property of Ambassador Ty. gold sun. electric blue sky. hot. humid. early evening. 130ºF. fourth floor. private chamber. I awake with eyelashes then jerk a torso upright with pain wearing my dirty smelly Bonita Loyalist jersey uniform along with the cleats. I narrow eyelashes scanning neck muscles around a golden patient room, Sahara. Then I swiftly toss the blanket and twist legs and cleats with a little soreness to the tile floor.
I slowly stand feeling like an elderly grandmother then upright into a Greek dirty goddess. I whisper for my eardrums, only. “Stang, you’re dead after Dirk, Rann. Ya tricked me, man.”
I tromp a right cleat then a left cleat working out a little stiffness from being asleep for…fill in the blank, later. I stomp a right cleat towards a closed door then look with narrowed eyelashes at the knob, first and second, I close eyelashes and T-flash with Teleclairvoyance all objects behind the metal door, seeing a familiar figure. Then, I grab with a right hand and jerk open the knob, standing in unhappiness in the archway as a sweet Nat calls and smiles. He moves from the table and single chair while enjoying the comlen and a plate of food. “Countess, good evening!”
“Nat,” greeting the familiar name, one of Ty’s friends, who wears the familiar gold vest and matching trousers neatly tucked in knee-boots. “What are you doing, here?” I pretend to care, since I don’t really give a shit. Because, I know, everything. Nat is here. Rann is not. Dirk is not. And the prisoners are not as I T-scan with Telepathy an empty hallway going all the way down towards the opposite end. I sigh with trouble.
“Guarding you,” Nat teases then bites a thick sandwich, eating.
“Guarding you,” repeating his silly statement, since I have Tele-powers to guard me.
“I’m protecting you.” He smiles and shares as I T-zap with Telepathy, finding not other Sahara Prison Guards, since Rann has taken the boat load of good prisoners with him. Dirk recruited all the bad prisoners for his Game team, including me. I sigh with abuse.
“O! The coup thing!? It’s Coup thingy day,” sharing my secret, “Right, Nat?”
“The Coup, how did you know that, Starra?” He lowers the sandwich then swallows the lump like I really the enemy.
“I have my Resources.” I grin from ear to ear with lots of my alien secrets. I sigh with alien.
“And I got my orders from Rann to watch over you, in case of ...,” he doesn’t finish, but smiles, “…from the Rann, himself.”
“Why you!?” I inquire.
“I was one of Rann’s personally bodyguards before I married Lee.” Nat explains.
“Of course, brains and brawn,” whispering too loudly.
“What!?” He smart-holes and studies me.
“Never mind,” trying some diplomatic tact in this crisis as I stroll a cleat towards the food table. “Ya know, I need to leave. Rann needs help. Dirk’s going to kill him.” I mouse-tattle while bobbing dirty curls up and down.
“Rann says that you’re the intended assassination target. Dirk has orders to kill you, on sight. That’s why you’re here, alone, with me.” Nat tattles too much.
“We’re alone…me and you.” I confirm as Nat kicks open the cracked door. The breeze cools the room, being housed for a second time on a familiar fourth floor, the prison cells. The hallway and cells have been re-built and re-painted with gleaming golden tiles. We step into an empty corridor.
“Ty took every prisoner with him.” Nat tattles too much.
“Dirk’s spies.” I adjust as we pad down the long hallway
“Not any more, they…uh…got eliminated. Rann doesn’t trust, anyone, but his allies.” Nat explains.
“Currs?” I blame.
“Loyalty!” Nat corrects. I sigh with mistrust.
“He’s paying the citizen currs in exchange for their loyalty.” I judge.
“You’re wrong, Starra. Rann is aiding the poor slaves and the poor citizens from Dirk’s wrath.” Nat says with a sour face, “Then, he is replacing them with his most trusted associates in the Royal palace.” I slide lips, left in both frustration and shock folding dirty arms over a dirty Game jersey.
“No wonder, he knew Dirk’s plans, Rann’s absolutely brilliant.” I compliment.
“You’re brilliant, also.” Nat smiles and compliments.
“Me!” I mice-squeak while flinging arms in the air like sick bird.
“Pretending to really hate Rann and siding with the King, your performance was flawless, Starra. You had me convinced that you didn’t want to marry Rann. He revealed the entire secret plot to me before he left.” Nat is completely brainwashed with Rann, Rann’s honor, and Rann’s lies. I was unconscious, when I arrived, here in my new prison. Nat smiles and shares. “Rann say that you were undercover and then it was blown. You had a head concession. Did ya know that you arrived fully unconscious in Rann’s arms. But, you were healthy just asleep.” Nat is an observation boy but has been duped with a batch of obvious lies for my princess protection.
I snort like a wild-ass boar, “Really!”
“I was personally selected to guard you, during the Coup.” Nat nods and shares.
“Well, I’m afraid Rann has left out a very important piece of information. Dirk’s going to kill him, if he can’t find me.” I tattle with the truth since my Tele-powers have told me, so, ya’ll.
“Rann covered that, too. Rann’s soldiers are following Dirk’s Scouting teams, who are looking for you. Rann called it the ‘wait and weed’ plan…(chuckles)…Rann’s logic is flawless.” Nat smiles and shares as I compliment mentally, well, Rann is almost flawless, forgetting. I’m trained as a warrior.
I whisper for my eardrums, only, “His Princess warrior.” I soldierly stand with hands on my hips, not desiring to do this. But, I really have to be going and Nat ain’t going to cooperate with me flying away in his zipper ship. I’m a Tele, not a fighter.
Rann is very smart, leaving one guard, one ship, and one prisoner. Rann has covered ever single contingence, not me. I slowly fold a right fighting hand into a tight fist then swing a right arm backward then forwards. I direct connect and pop a folded fist then punch a right cheekbone, leaving an ugly forming blue-black bruise. He back steps from my punch then closes both eyelids as I T-catch a falling manly body with Telekinesis. I T-ease Nat down on the gold tiles. I sigh with duty.
“Enjoy your nap, Nat. I’m so sorry. This is the only way. I have to save Rann,” singing and running away from nat towards his zipper on the second level of the landing dock. I T-fling my butthole into the leather seat and then T-jet with Telekinesis in total silence off the Prison Planet into a cold black outer space towards the Game stadium, saving my man, Rann, again.
Commerce. ball field. Game stadium. sunset, evening. I T-land with Telekinesis the zipper while bouncing and sliding three out of four rubber tires onto the sandy ground, slightly away from the Stadium gates. I jump, kitten-like out the open hatch of the stolen zipper strutting cleats towards two Royal Honor Guards at their assigned posts while blocking my way. I sigh with toil.
 “Countess, why are you here?” The first tall and ugly Royal Honor Guard greets, wrong as I fly like a bird then pop him in the right jaw with a left fighting fist. The Guard enjoys the baby blue skyline with closed eyelids then fall a tallness, unconscious at my feet as I jerks a dog sneer and.
I lovingly inquire, “Do ya want to know why I’m here, too?” The second tall and ugly Royal Honor Guard two-steps right out of my body and.
He sings in sissy tenor, “Enter.” Good! Someone finally listens to me.
I encounter four more alert and attentive Royal Honor Guards of Dirk’s. Now, unconscious, I stomp cleats through the Locker Room. I trot on swinging arms and cleats out a dark tunnel onto the grassy, just in time for the last thirty minutes of the Game, unnoticed. Strike that!
“A new Player has emerged from the Locker Room, number thirteen, Starra,” the Master of Ceremonies announces as Dirk charges like a raging bull into my petiteness.
He dog sneers and stands over my dirty hair roots, “Where have you been?”
“Detained, Dirk,” scanning with both my naked eyeballs and Tele-view a ball field full of torn grass, torn clothes, and bloody body parts. “What’s up?”
“We’re losing the Championship.” Dirk whines like a child for milk.
“Hold your shirt, Dirk!...(views Dirk)…You own both noble teams on the ball field. You can’t lose.” I remind with numbness.
“I bet all my currs on the Bonita Loyalists winning the Championship,” Dirk moans with disappointment.
I pretend to motherly care, “There ya go, slick! You shouldn’t gamble, buddy. It’s a terrible unhealthy vice.” I smile and survey the scoreboard. The score is zero to zero.
Dirk flings an arm around my shoulder then violently shoves me into the Game. “Get out there and win my currs back, Starra.” I hustle my fanny out to the grass field soiled with red blood, blonde, brown, and black pieces of hair, Game gear, torn puke green and lavender jerseys still inside body parts. I sigh with anatomy.
I stumble into the huddle of puke green and bloody red Bonitian Loyalists, “What are you doing, here, Starra?” Ula stands her tallness over my hair roots while dog sneering.
“Surprised to see me?” I don’t dog sneer but beauty queen smile like an Agri princess. “I thought you were my friend, not a paid ally.” I spit with pretend rusty nails.
“I am…(chuckles)…both.” She addresses then lifts and flings a right fighting fist towards my right cheekbone as I T-stop with Telekinesis the forward motion and hold with a left hand for 1 second…2 seconds…then smile for 1 second…2 seconds…then drop it from the air.
“I know. You’re back up. Right!?” I fume with both shock and frustration while shaking gray hair into my eyelashes.
“Good, you’re here, Starra,” the Quarterback jogs into the huddle with a new play from Dirk.
“I’ve come for the coup.” I mouse-tattle and smile like a beauty queen with the shared secret.
“Rann says….,” Ula starts to explain as I glare a set of invisible pink fire balls at her.
“Rann does not own me,” I survey eight Game players, instead of sixteen for a play then swing a face to Ula. “And, where’s the rest of the team?”
“Dead!” Ula informs.
“What!?” I smart-hole.
“Over there!” Ula finger points towards the sidelines as I swing a body and T-scan under the bright red bloody sheets against the metal fence. My Bonita Loyalists teammates lie in death, including an innocent twelve-year-old Sim on top of the heap pile. Dirk has figured out Ula and my girl pals are truly part of Rann’s paid allies, also.
“Stang,” yelling in angry.
“Sim died…. first.” Ula clarifies with sadness. I was supposed to protect her, since I promised Ty to care for little Sim’s for well-being. I sigh with failure.
“Play ball,” Fbot hovers and hums over a fallen Game play in the center of the field as the Game players line up woman-man-man-woman versus man-woman-man-me.
The Royalist #88 of the Commerce Royalists snaps the ball to the Quarterback Pow!
I’m hit. Hard. I lay on back muscles with intense pain plus hot wet blood. The blood spurts from my nose holes, cut top lips, and right eardrum. I upright on elbows then the Quarterback helps me to stand on cleats from the grass. I feel a little dizzy and a lot of mad with a nose bleed. I shake the blood from mouth and nose then squat on fours (two palms and two toes) and re-position in the Defense front line for the next Offense play.
“Still alive, Princess,” Royalist #54 teases and smiles with missing four teeth, since I do believe this big girl wants to hurt me.
“Second down for the Commerce Royalists, the Game ball is on the forty-eight-yard line,” Fbot hovers and hums over a fallen Game body.
“Three,” the Royalist Center snaps the ball into the hands of the Quarterback while eyeballing me then yells in bass drum, “Kill her.” Man, I’m mouse-tattling to Rann. Since, he’s not going to be happy with that rude, vulgar, and murderous remark to me. I sigh with prudishness.
The Commerce Royalist #98 doesn’t charge at me instead uprights his tallness then pulls a gold dagger from his uniform. He aims, tosses, and stabs Ula in the shoulder.
Ula wraps both hands around the dagger then falls to her side then the Royalist #98 retrieves a maser from under his shirt, aims and fires. Ula disintegrates into puke green goo and dies. The Commerce Royalist has killed her in cold blood then aims and fires the maser at the Quarterback. The Bonitian Quarterback burns in puke green goo and dies right before my eyeballs. I sigh with shock.
“Rann’s Coup is happening, now,” baby grizzly growling. “So’s, ya die, too.” I sigh with revenge.
I jump, T-rex onto the Royalist #98 hair roots and pull off his helmet while trying to whack me with the maser. The red beams hit a bleacher, a skyline and a citizen missing me. I be swift. You be slow. I sigh with victory.
I kick, punch, and finally knock with folded fists and two kneecaps the Royalist #98 player into unconsciousness. He falls over into the grass as I jump, kitten-like on another Royalist #38. I knock-out her with a folded fist and rebel yell, “Yee-haw!” I stop jumping around on the grass and then T-hear with Telepathy some faint voices. I swing a face towards the bleachers, seeing Tok, Ty, and Ira lead the noble-Warriors from the sky boxes down into the bleachers and open hallways of the Stadium. Every citizen is fighting, punching, kicking and killing each other with folded fists, masers or swords. I sigh with doom.
Game players are fighting Game players. Citizens are fighting citizens. Children are fighting children. Rann is galloping to rescue me toting a maser in a right hand and a sword in his left. I frog-leap from cleats into the air a body then land on bend kneecaps, dashing to Rann halfway towards the bleachers, looking for a weapon.
A presence. My Tele senses ping.
I hit fingers, hands, elbows, and kneecaps into the dirt with intense pain with yellow tiny stars rotating around blackness of closed eyelashes. I open eyelashes, staring at green grass and feeling hot wet liquid from a left side. I gingerly touch my side with a left hand then lift painted hand into a face, blood. I’m bleeding from a slice skin then upright on kneecaps while chin whipping a face to him.
“Dirk!?” I totally confuse as Dirk stands and blocks the sunshine with his tallness from my face.
“Starra,” Dirk smiles and sings in tenor.
“Ya started another Civil War, buddy. You’re the evil one, king.” I mouse-tattle.
“Naw! You’re the evil one, alien. Time to go, Starra!” He pulls a slender black-colored remote control fitting inside a slender hand palm from his lavender bathroom robes over a puke-green Bonita Loyalist jersey.
Rann gallops to my rescue, yelling in baritone trombone, screaming. “Starra!”
I yell, “Rann!” Dirk grabs me from the ground and then flings me into his chest like a little child as intense pain cuts into the sliced epidermis on my left side. I almost pass out in pain from the flight. I sigh with airborne.
Dirk and I are flying in the air waves as my arms wraps around his fit waist from both fear and falling. I am dreaming and going nutty loco. Dirk cannot perform Teleportation, since I cannot do Teleportation. Teleportation ain’t an inmate Tele-power for a Tele, meaning me or him.
“Like my flying machine,” Dirk almost kisses a right cheekbone with his words, while I feel dizzy, confused. My body aches from a cut and throbs from pain. “Starra, wake up!” Dirk shouts into my right eardrum. “I want ya alive, during your torture, until I toss ya alive and bleeding into the wormhole.”
I rouse neurons and eyeballs from both dumbness and numbness while pondering these words, flying machine. Then I cut eyelashes to my cleats, only hundred feet of empty invisible air molecules. I tightly my Teddy bear hug around Dirk’s waist as he giggles like a girl. I sigh with fear.
Dirk lands us in a clear stop inside the balcony of the Royal sky box close to ship docks with tons of zippers and carriers from fighting citizens. He quickly removes the lavender bathroom robes while exposing a tiny square-shaped black-colored flying jet pack attached to his back. He strips the machine off his body, dropping it to the concrete. “Only good for one flight,” he laughs his butthole off as I lean a cheekbone into his soft silky robes feeling pain.
Dirk rotate neck muscles around the bloody mess below him surrounding the Game field and bleachers. I peek-a-boo a right eyeball seeing part of the loud citizen commotion, as well. Dirk’s Warriors are quickly surrendering, holding up two hands, and turning over the weapons, making peace in the universe. I sigh with peace.
Dirk pulls my body from his chest and shouts for our eardrums, only. “I’m going to toss you.”
I finish, “….back into the wormhole. You’ve tried and failed eight times, already, Dirk. How’s this time going to be different?”
“My little invention, I have a…(giggles)…backwards flying time machine, just for you, Starra.” Dirk gestured to his back. “I had this specially designed for you Starra with a respiratory.” He remarked. “You’ll survive the wormhole.” He jerked me forward to the entrance of the sky box.
Ah, man, another invention. If Dirk spent all his evil energy on the good of the citizens, he would be rich and famous. Alas! Not happening, this alien time line or the next alien time line or the next alien time line after that.
“Dirk!?” Rann yells in deep baritone trombone, tumbling a body down from the air and then lands in a squatting format in front of me and Dirk.
Dirk spits with surprise. “Rann!”
“Rann,” I softly purr then pain between Dirk’s robes. I sigh with true love.
“Give Starra to me,” Rann dog sneers as Dirk cuddles me into his chest. I blindingly see and painfully hurt from my injuries then feel a tiny movement.
Dirk pulls a dagger from the robes, slicing it the air between him and Rann. Rann dares not advance, since Dirk will slice me for a second time on the right side.
Rann fires the maser. Dead accuracy! It softly pings at the little dagger on the golden blade with a red shot of wave. The hilt heats when Dirk tosses the little weapon in the air. The dagger falls down and down into the field grass from 125-feet below the Royal skybox.
“Give Starra to me, Dirk!” Rann command as Dirk smiles and bug hugs me against his chest. Because, we slowly limp on four cleats towards the edge of the skybox away from Rann like a deformed monster.
“Rann,” I softly purr and pain between Dirk’s robes. I sigh with true love.
Rann aims the maser at Dirk’s head. “Give Starra to me, now.”
“Shoot, your odds are least favorable for hitting…(chuckles)…me, not the alien.” Dirk teases as Rann doesn’t fire without harming me.
“Alien!?” Rann wrinkles a forehead, ugly and stares at my back muscles.
“Starra, the alien’s going back to the wormhole. That’s the only way to correct ‘our’ universe.” Dirk explains.
“You mean ‘your’ universe, Dirk.” Rann corrects, smiling and staring at Dirk.
“I’m saving ‘our’ universe from her, the alien.” Dirk bug hugs me tightly as Rann dog sneers.
“Rann,” I purr and pain. I sigh with true love.
“When I get my hands on you, Dirk, I’m tossing your ass directly into the deadly wormhole. That’s how I’m going to correct the universe that you created from evil.” Rann threatens, “You. Will. Die. We’ll all live happily…after…ever.” Please give my man a medal from bravery and a kiss for me. Dirk hisses as Rann laughs his buttonhole off, then I find a tiny ounce of Tele-energy.
I T-kick a right pointy elbow into Dirk’s gut, while he exposes a painfully rib cage, groaning. And he loosens and releases his folded arm away from me, when Rann quickly reacts. Rann grabs my right arm then I painfully twirl in a half circle and stand between Dirk and Rann.
Dirk holds my left forearm while Rann pulls on a right forehead. I grunt like a dying animal, “Rann!”
“Release her.” Rann repeats as Dirk uses a Telekinesis trick and retrieving Rann’s maser from his shooting hand.
“You release her, Rann.” Dirk sniggers and smiles.
“How…did…,” Rann softly stares with bull-frog eyeballs at the magic trick while I perform a Mexican standoff between the nobles. They’re going to bicker with my body until I lose an arm or two or just all eight pints of red blood, first.
I jerk my left forearm from Dirk’s manly gripe with a T-touch of painfully Telekinesis plus a natural dancing right cleat forward to dash into Rann’s chest, when I dizzy with blindness.
Dirk pulls me back into his silky robes then I naturally kick with a left cleat cutting his left leg with both pain and blood from the sharp teeth on my Game shoe. Dirk instinctively pushes me away towards Rann.
I twirl and dance a right leg forward while kicking and elbowing away from Dirk using all body limbs available with blindingly sight! I sigh with pain.
“Come to me, Starra.” Rann orders when a right cleat touches air.
I’m touching nothing. No platform. No concrete. No sky box floor. I don’t feel a solid surface under a right cleat. Then I’m airborne. Next, I am falling, not flying. I don’t have a flying machine. I can’t perform Teleportation, not a Tele-power. Next, I faint into darkness.
Epilogue. I sit, numbingly in my assigned seat and blind, purposefully with my eyelashes closed not moving, not thinking, and not praying. Since, I’m alive and thankful for the survival.
I un-belt the cockpit seat’s restraints while opening eyelashes and popping off the space suit helmet. Then, I leap, kitten-like from the chair seeing half of a pilot’s chair, but I’m fully intact along with long hair roots. I lean freckles into a console instrument panel studying with eyeballs and neurons a rough terrain. I sigh with surprise.
I see mountains on the left and a series of live green trees, bushes, and foliage on the right with a dry crooked narrow vehicle path in the middle of a dead brown planet as my Tele sense ping. Everything is fine.
I gallop fashion knee-high boots towards the space shuttle’s archway then leap, T-rex into the green grass. I point a body at the hidden object and whisper into my eardrums, “A structure that’s thirteen miles northeast of my position.”
I lovingly scan a bright yellow sun, a pretty baby blue sky then eye burn the smooth brown soil, and blink my wet tears. I vividly recall meeting a set of new people, places, planets, and palaces having traveled both space and time…here…ten times.
“I’m back….as the alien.” I shake gray bangs into eyelashes.

Read…next…Cool! Alien Princess
