Bark: A Christmas Special 

By 
Daniel Peyton

Smashwords edition 

Copywrite 2013 Daniel Peyton
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support 
All characters in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is coincidental.
Check out other books by Daniel Peyton
Bark: Origins of a Superhero

Bark: Seven Days at the ULH

Chapter List
Chapter 1: Snow in the Big City 
Chapter 2: Heading Home

Chapter 3: An Empty Station

Chapter 4: Family and Friends

Chapter 5: Ghosts of Christmas Past

Chapter 6: The Spirit of Christmas Present

Chapter 7: A Better Christmas Future 

Welcome to the Bark holiday special. Our story is set just after the events in Korea with the dog soldiers and the assassination droids, but before the Green Scream incident. At this time Bark has only been a student of the ULH for about a month and Christmas is just around the corner. Bolt, Frost and Bark have been given orders to take care of a situation in New York as their last mission of the season. But, it is not this little mission that is important, it is hardness of one mans heart toward Christmas that must be fixed.  If you want to know more, keep reading...
Chapter 1: 
Snow in the Big City
“ Is it just me or are big cities the only places villains like to attack?” Bolt asked the other shuttle occupants.
Frost shrugged, “It’s bigger media for them and a lot more ways to cause trouble. I just wish they would not attack during Christmas.”
Bolt piloted the shuttle through the thick layers of wintery clouds, “We have over a week till Christmas, so it really isn’t Christmas yet.”
“Might as well be.” Frost lamented.
“ Well, if the General has anything to say about it, we won’t be going anywhere for Christmas.” Bolt replied. He looked up into the overhead mirror at the only other occupant. Bark did not look all that happy, in fact one might say he was depressed. “ Hey, you alright back there?”
Bark feigned a smile and nodded.
 Frost turned to look at Bark. She gave him a huge smile in an attempt to liven him up, “ Are you ready for your first field mission?”
Bark smiled and then picked up his communication pad and typed into it. He then handed it up to her. It read, “I will have to start some tim.”
“Tim?” she frowned and then it dawned on her, “Oh, Time. Yeah, you are going to have to face off against a villain sooner or later. Besides the reports say it is just a disturbance in the snow. Probably nothing to….YAHHH!!”
The shuttle was hit hard by something that covered the window. It was a huge snowball that nearly knocked the shuttle out of the sky. Bolt was able to stabilize it and then pointed the nose into the wind so that they could scrape the snow off. The layers departed in the thick breeze. Once the shuttle broke through the heavy grey clouds they saw two huge snow men stomping on New York City. One was gleefully spreading around snow in massive quantities while the other was creating balls of snow in its palm and then throwing it into the air at planes and other flying objects, including the shuttle.
“ Hold on, this is going to be a rollercoaster ride!” Bolt activated the manual controls and started flying like a fighter pilot.
The shuttle jumped and swooped all over the sky, while Bolt tried to get it closer to the ground. One after another giant snowball flew at them, barely missing. The shuttle did not have any major defensive systems so its occupants were at the mercy of the pilot. Once they passed into the city, Bolt used the buildings as cover. He darted around them, with huge snowballs slamming into the skyscrapers just behind where he went. Finally they arrived at the feet of the monsters and the shuttle purposefully plowed into a massive snow drift, the drift actually taking the impact of the last giant snowball thrust at them.
Inside the shuttle everyone began to unlatch their restraints and prepared to get out. The shuttle was buried beneath a mountain of snow and with the sounds coming from outside the layers were piling quickly.
“ Quickly! Move out.” Bolt got up first and went to the back of the shuttle where the armaments were stored for this mission.
Frost got up and then came over and helped Bark unlatch his restraint, which was a lot more complicated than a standard seat belt. She felt his fur while freeing him, “ Bark, you’re so cold. “
Bark grinned at her and then typed into his pad, “I have enough fur.”
“ Stand back.” Bolt commanded while he brandished a large, dangerous looking weapon.
Frost stood back between the pilot and co-pilots seats and Bark got up and joined her. They watched while Bolt unlocked the ceiling escape hatch and let a pile of snow fall in. Before they could be buried Bolt used the flamethrower to melt the snow. He forced the flames upward into the hole and punched through the layers in a matter of moments. Once they could see daylight he turned the flames off and used the shoulder strap of the weapon to slide it around to his back. He waved a hand at Bark, “Give me a lift.”
Bark came down to the ground beneath Bolt and lifted him up through the hole. He was reminded of his better than average strength while he did this. Once through, Bolt leaned over and put a hand through, “Next.”
With a gentlemanly smile, Bark stayed on the ground with one knee up and held a hand out to Frost. She graciously took it and then used both men to make her escape. Then Bolt helped tug Bark through the hole and they were free.
They had climbed into a nightmarish situation. The two monsters were as big as skyscrapers and were trouncing the city with piles of snow, crushing cars beneath their feet, and making the air as cold as possible. The snowman that was throwing the massive snowballs considered its work done on them and had returned to random throws at anything it felt needed more snow.
Bolt directed the others around a building to hide from the view of the monsters. He handed Bark the flamethrower. “ Here, you need this. Okay, our mission is to get people to safety. The General said he called in a friend to help and I am sure that the New York ranger will be here soon. Our responsibility is to make sure that people are not killed by this marauding snow cone. Stop that. Frost you head down to Fifth Street, stop that, and, I said stop.” Bark had been tapping on his shoulder for the past few seconds, without much success. Suddenly Bark grabbed Bolts face and turned him to look at the snow monster leaning over and staring right at them. Bolt realized his error, “Oh, I see. We have company. RUN!!” Bolt pointed them down the street and then he took off after the snow monster.
Bark grabbed Frosts arm and pulled her along. He used the flame thrower to melt the snow on the streets and sidewalks to make a path for them. It wasn’t exactly quick, but they weren’t going to make any time in the four feet of snow piled on the city if he didn’t.

Bolt charged himself up as high as he could get and used his control of electricity and speed to go round and around one of the snow monsters legs. The energy and friction in the air caused heat to build up, melting the leg. The monster screeched as that seemed to cause it pain. It swung more snowballs at him, but only hit itself. Bolt thought that this would give him the upper hand, but it didn’t, the snow only melded into the snowman and reformed the melting leg.
He skidded to a stop and then released a bolt of electricity at the beasts head, searing a sizable chunk off of it. Screaming, it started slamming the streets with its fists like an angry ape. Bolt dodged left and right with his enormous speed. Unfortunately, his attention was broken and he missed that large patch of ice beneath the snow on the street and his dodge turned into a wildly out of control slide right into a building.
“ Ow, that smarts.” He commented as he sat on the ground in a pile of snow.
The sky grew dark and Bolt looked up to see the shadow now covering him from the lifted leg of the snow monster. It was about to smash Bolt into a frosty pudding. Bolt attempted to get up, but in his worried haste he slid again on the ice and fell back on his butt. Just as the foot was going to drop a huge red flame shot through the air, penetrated the monster and then burst out of the other side. The blurry trail of flame went round and round the monster, burning it up and melting it down. Bolt was not squished, but poured on by a steady stream of cold water. Fortunately, he looked up in time to see that the melting monster was swaying and about to fall over, on him. In a flash a man in a blazing red and yellow suit landed right in front of Bolt. It was Sunspot and he used his control of fire to give one final blast at the monster. The snow exploded out and showered mucky slush all over the streets and buildings.
“ So, having a fun time playing in the snow.” Sunspot teased Bolt.
Bolt got to his feet, still having trouble with the sliding, and nearly snarled at this hero, “About time you showed up.” He rubbed his hands together and then held them out at Sunspot like he might hold them over a campfire.
Sunspot was not amused by his being used like a heater, but he didn’t move just yet. “ What’s the situation?”
“I don’t know. All we were told is that something odd was happening to New York. My team was sent for civilian security.”
Sunspot nodded, “The General informed me of that. Good, find your team and move everyone you can find to a safe parameter away from the second snow monster. I will do what I can to melt it.”
Bolt stuck one eyebrow up, “ You took that one down easily enough, the other shouldn’t be much of a problem.”
“Sure, but I doubt these things just decided to show up. Someone is behind this and I want to know who. I can melt snowmen all day, but if the culprit behind it isn’t stopped, he will just make more. Now, get moving, I have a slushy to down.” Sunspot blasted off leaving a heat wave behind him. If it had not been so cold out, Bolt could have been singed pretty well.
“Hot shot.” Bolt muttered and then he too blasted off, only he was running across the ground. He watched carefully so not to hit another patch of ice.

Bark and Frost ran through the snow and finally got to an open street that wasn’t as covered yet. They both looked around for civilians, but did not find anyone.
“Looks like the streets have already been cleared by the NYPD.” Frost stated.
Bark nodded and then his ears perked up, he turned around and pointed the flamethrower upward. The second snow monster was stomping through the city, its sights set on them. It lugged a snow ball at them and then reared back and threw another. It was four blocks away, but it was so huge that the trajectory was perfect to bury them. Bark looked at his flame thrower and knew he could shot enough to melt that much snow before it hit them.
Frost jumped ahead and spun around like the dancer that she was. Moving her arms through the air she used her own freezing abilities to draw up the snow on the ground and create a thick shield of ice. The first snowball met the shield and shattered it, but at the same time was stopped. The second ball was coming to fast for her to do it again. Quickly Bark jumped over to Frost and put her in his protection, his back to the snow and his arms keeping her close.
Suddenly an arrow shot right into the snowball midair. The arrow exploded and the snow ball was disintegrated showering both Frost and Bark with slush.  Cautiously, they looked to see who or what had just saved them.
Just then a tall, statuesque woman in a dark suit appeared. She was brandishing a compound bow.  Jumping down from a shorter building, she landed on several places until she made her way to the ground. This was the New York City Urban Ranger, Huntress, the best markswoman in the rangers and possibly the best in the world.
Huntress flipped up an eye sensor she had on that helped her direct her arrows.  “ You must be from the ULH.”
Frost wiped off some of the slush on her and then nodded at Huntress, “ I am Frost, this is my companion Bark.”
“Yes, Frost, I know of you. You have done good work. Bark is it? Nice to meet you.” Huntress was very professional, “Enough small talk, we have to locate our target.”
“Uh, Huntress, our orders are to secure the civilian population and keep them safe.” Frost interrupted.
Huntress nodded, “ Precisely what has been done. The NYPD has successfully moved all civilians from this area to the underground and outside of the parameters I set. Trust me , I know this city well enough to get people out of harm’s way. The amount of times we have been attacked is ridiculous. For now, we have to find the man behind all of this.”
Frost frowned, “ The man? Who? We were not informed of any other enemies.”
Huntress walked passed Frost while she scanned the area, “ I was helping with the final evac this afternoon when I spotted a blue man use ice powers to fly through the city. I watched him construct the second snowman. He is the one behind all of this….who is that?” Huntress suddenly pulled an arrow out of her quiver and aimed it at Bolt as he approached.
“WAIT! He’s with us.” Frost didn’t want Huntress to make a horrible mistake.
Bolt stopped on a dime, his nose within an inch of Huntress’ arrow. “ Uh, hi. What are you doing?”
Huntress replaced the arrow as efficiently as she had taken it out, “My apologies, I was not expecting you.”
Bolt flashed that flirty smile and said, “Well, I wasn’t expecting to be skewered today. So I guess that makes us even.”
Huntress ignored his flirtations and continued, “ The culprit was last seen heading for Central Park, I don’t know if he continued there, but I have no other leads.”
“Culprit?” Bolt asked.
Frost answered, “We have another player in this, a blue man that is behind all of these attacks.”
“ME!” Suddenly, and without any warning, a new person showed up to this group. Everyone turned to see none other than Jack Frost standing before them. He was grinning like a villain and not fearful of the flame thrower, arrow, or angry snarl flashed his direction. “What are you people doing? That was a beautiful snowman and you went and melted it. AHHHH AND HE’S MELTING THE OTHER ONE!” Jack just then noticed that Sunspot was taking down the last Snowman. “ Oh, you people are no fun. This was supposed to be a great big fun day, and you are ruining everything.”
Huntress trained her arrow at Jack Frost’s face, “Stand down or I will kill you.”
Jack laughed, “Ha! I am six thousand years old. I seriously doubt that a babe with a pointy thing is going to hurt me.” Huntress tried to prove him wrong and let loose her arrow. It stuck, but only into the ice sculpture that Jack left behind, which looked exactly like him. He came around from behind his own statue and tapped the arrow, “Hey! That almost hit me! What are you thinking?”
Huntress did not miss a beat; she grabbed another arrow and shot it at him again. Missing yet again as he darted up into the air and landed on a building. “Now, now, we can play later. I have to go and teach your stupid matchstick a lesson about destroying my babies.  But, don’t worry kiddies; I have more friends you can play with. Here.” He waved his hand out and a spray of white sparkling powder spread across the ground. The snow on the street started to mound up and then formed lumpy human like shapes that took a life all their own. In moments they started moving and proceeded to attack the heroes.
Jack smiled, “Now, don’t you forget to play fair.” With that he jumped up and created an ice bridge that carried him quickly through the air. He was heading for Sunspot.
“We have to warn Sunspot!” Bolt exclaimed.
Frost created a bowling ball of ice in her hands and then threw it at an attacking snow golem. “Go, we can take care of this.” She formed another ball of ice in her hands.
Bolt let out an annoyed sigh and then blasted off again, heading to save that hot heads butt.
Huntress grabbed a few more arrows and knocked three to her string and sent them into three of the golems. Each exploded upon impact. “ What the hell was that?!”
Frost glared as she turned a snow golem into solid ice, “That was Jack Frost, someone I haven’t seen in a long time.”
“You know him?” Huntress sent more arrows at enemies.
Frost glared and then literally punched the head clear off of an attacking golem, “Yes. But, he isn’t who I would call a friend.”
Bark held out his flamethrower and grinned as he unleashed a stream of fire, mowing down many golems in one swipe.
They had more strength against these creations, but numbers were against them and their strength might wane before they could take this army down.

Sunspot circled around the beast one last time, encompassing it with a steady supply of heat. At its feet a yellow flash appeared and Bolt stopped and shot a blast of electricity at the snowmans last visible part that had not melted. With that, it erupted into nothing but mush splashing against the buildings.
Sunspot landed next to Bolt, a bit of a sneer on his face. “Don’t you go take any credit for that, I had it.”
Bolt rolled his eyes, “We don’t have time for this. Jack Frost is the culprit and he is…” Just then a terribly cold wind threw both men across the ground, slamming them up against a wall.
Bolt sat up in the middle of a snow drift while Sunspot sat in a puddle, considering he melted just about everything he touched that was ice.
“Hey, hey, what are you doing?! That was the best snowman I have created in years.” Jack was less than concerned for having just assaulted two of the most powerful superheroes in New York at this moment.
Bolt stood up and dusted the snow off of his jumpsuit, “Jack Frost, explain yourself!” He made the blatant demand.
Jack jumped off of the bridge of ice he had been riding this far. Rubbing his chin he looked around as though he were considering his words. “Let’s see, I am the essence of cold, and its winter, this might be a bit of a stretch, spark plug, but I am doing my job.”
Sunspot got up and purposefully charged up his heat to steam the water out of his suit, “ This is much worse than just a simple snowstorm. You are becoming a menace, and that means you must be stopped.”
Jack laughed, “Oh, you silly mortal. I am not just a pitiable human with abnormal abilities trying to conquer some land or kill people. You and your pathetic powers cannot stop the seasons change and that is my job. Now, if you don’t mind, I have a few more feet of snow to lay on this dirty city.” He jumped up and his ice bridge met him. With a blast of cold air he was off again.
“ Not likely!” Sunspot launched into the air to follow this demon of ice. He enthroned himself in fire and began to lob fireballs at Jack Frost’s bridge, disrupting his attempt to get away.
“SAVE SOME FOR ME!!” Bolt shot off running through the streets, behind buildings, and jumping over anything in his way to keep up with them. He had the speed, but he couldn’t get into the air that easily.

Bark melted his last snowman before his flamethrower ran out of fuel. He shook it a few times in a vain attempt to get some more fire, but it was no use.
“Watch out Bark!” Frost yelled out while she fought her own snowman.
Bark turned just in time to duck the fist of a golem behind him. He grabbed the end of the large flamethrower and started swinging it around like a baseball bat. He smashed one snowman into another and then chunked off the head of a third. With a greedy smile he found that he rather liked this hand to hand combat. He had only just started learning about fighting from Toshi Sensei, so he wasn’t exactly well trained at this, but it didn’t exactly take master maneuvers to swing this thing around and take out these monsters one after another.
Huntress moved around with supreme agility and stayed one step ahead of the attackers, picking them off one at a time with exploding arrows. “ We have to stop this, Jack will get away!”
Bark smashed another snow man in half and then looked around to see his snowy carnage. He had gone through just about every snow man within his radius, with one final smash he was clear. Yelling out a canine howl he ran after the ones attacking Huntress, he could see that her quiver was just about out of arrows and soon she would be out of ammo to hold them off.
Frost was having an even worse time. Though she could smash them with balls of ice, they were quicker than her ability to mold ice. They began to gather on her and piled on top in an attempt to bury her under the snow. “Help!”
Bark’s ears perked up and he saw her slowly being encompassed with snow. Just as he was about to come to her rescue, she unleashed her true potential.
“I AM THE ICE!!” She screamed out and there was an enormous blast of cold that expanded outward from her and the ice men all froze solid, the snow turning to hard ice. Then another blast followed and the ice surrounding just her blast away. Frost stood there with her arms out, floating a few inches above the ground. “ ENOUGH!!”
Bark was nearly taken down by the sheer force of cold that emanated from her. The snow all around them turned to ice. She pushed her hands together, seeming to crush something between them. Then with a final push she placed her palms against each other and the ice all around them cracked and crumbled, then evaporated into an extremely fine powder. The snow men were done with.
Huntress frowned, “Why didn’t you do that to begin with?”
Frost settled back onto the ground and her eyes opened up, “ I don’t know where that comes from. It only happens when I am surrounded by extreme cold and am in considerable danger. It has only happened once before, the first time I encountered Jack Frost.”
“Speaking of that devil, where is he?”
Bark threw his used weapon to the side and went to grab his communications pad so he might say something, but it was gone. He frantically looked around only to find it destroyed by the ice wave that Frost had just created. He picked up the only sizeable part left and looked at it with a whimper and lowered ears.
Frost noticed this and came over to him, “I am very sorry, I will get you another one when we get back.”
Huntress was about to tell them to focus when a strange sound interrupted them. Everyone looked up to see a fireball falling from the sky with a trail of smoke behind it. It slammed into a stone building, bounced off and landed on the ground in the middle of the street. When the smoke cleared and the fire dimmed down they could see that it was a person.
“SUNSPOT!” Huntress recognized him immediately.
All three made little time running over to him to see if he was still alive. Huntress arrived first and took up a defensive posture with one of her last arrows readied to strike down whoever had taken down Sunspot. Frost and Bark looked down at the man.
“Mr. Sunspot? Are you okay?” Frost asked.
Sunspot opened his eyes and looked at the two new faces staring down at him. He grinned at the famously cute Frost, and then frowned at the dog staring at him. “Oh, my head. What happened?” he slowly sat up holding his head.
Frost shrugged, “ I have no idea, we just saw you fall out of the sky.”
Sunspot got to his feet and shook off the dizzy head, “That blue jerk just met one of my blasts with a blast of his cold and it exploded. “
“INCOMING!!” Huntress yelled as she began to back up.
Around the corner at the far end of the street came Jack on his stream of ice with Bolt right behind him. Bolt randomly shot lightening at the enemy while Jack returned the attacks with bursts of ice in Bolts path to disrupt him. The two were so focused on each other that they did not see the team waiting for them.
Huntress tried to get a lock on Jack but he was moving too fast, and Bolt kept getting in the way.
Sunspot was wary of trying to use a fire blast for fear of another explosion like the one over the Empire State Building. In the middle of these buildings it could take out half of this street, not to mention the others around him.
Frost was ready to create a wall of ice to meet Jack, but she wasn’t sure if ice could stop Jack Frost.
Bark wasn’t thinking about the results, he just saw an opportunity. Jack was ahead of Bolt by about ten yards and moving right at them about two feet above the ground. Jack was looking back as he moved, keeping his eye on his pursuer. He was not prepared to meet the clothesline that Bark used to knock him on his butt. Jack was thrown clear of his ice bridge and tumbled across the ground.
Huntress said something to her bow and then shot Jack in the shoulder with an arrow. When it hit it sent a massive jolt through him intended on taking him down. She had charged it enough to take down an elephant, which would kill most people, though this person was not a normal person. Jack was finally knocked out.
Bolt came to a stop right on top of some of the ice that Frost had created and went skidding right into a light pole, planting himself against it with his face. He stepped back and looked at them with a goofy smile and said, “Merry Christmas,” and then fell over.

Sunspot and Huntress tightened a special pair of handcuffs around Jack Frosts wrists. He was still out of it, but once he came around he would find his magic powers removed by these cuffs created by some of the best arcane members of the World Alliance.
“What are we to do with him?” Huntress asked Sunspot.
Sunspot shrugged, “There really isn’t a case against him. His snowmen didn’t actually do any harm other than scaring the crap out of New Yorkers. They just piled a few extra feet of snow on the city, but that will melt with the sun tomorrow. Being an annoying nuisance isn’t a case.”
Huntress scoffed and shook her head, “He should be behind bars.”
“And who could hold him? He is Jack Frost. No, I will see that he is turned over to the Ice Queen, she usually knows how to punish her son. For now, you need to work with the NYPD to make sure that Christmas goes off without interruption.” Sunspot was always a very commanding presence.
Huntress nodded, “I know, every year we Rangers do the same thing, keep the peace while all the other heroes get some time off.”
“Good. Why don’t you go see if Bolt is okay.” Sunspot was amused by the fact that Bolt knocked himself senseless.
Huntress let Sunspot take over Jack and then walked off toward the other end of the street.

“Get it off.” Bolt stated while batting away Frosts hand. He was seated on the curb right next to where he had smacked into the light post.
She stood back while holding an ice pack she had made from some of the snow around them. “you have a nasty lump on your head and this will keep the swelling down.”
Bolt pushed her hand away again, “The last thing I want right now is more ice.”
“Woof!” Bark stated and then frowned. He looked to see that both Bolt and Frost were paying attention, so he pointed at the approaching person.
Huntress approached and smiled at Bark, she thought he was cute if not a little strange. “ Are you all okay?” She was looking at the dog hero expecting an answer.
Frost came over just then, “We are fine. Bolt took the most damage, but he will be fine.”
Huntress looked at Bark and cocked her head, “ Aren’t you cold?” she noticed the way he was shivering, and considering he was still only wearing his normal super suit of briefs, the shivering was apparent.
Bark nodded but did not woof anything.
Frost laughed, “My friend thought his fur would keep him warm, but Jack Frost can produce colds that even his furry body can’t handle well.”
Huntress passed the usual question about his talking and looked over to the commander of this group. “Bolt, the suspect has been apprehended and I doubt that any further assistance is needed by the ULH. New York thanks you. You may return to your station.”
Bolt stood up and held his head, which pounded with pain, “Thanks. I think I would like to get out of this cold.” He started walking off but only got a few steps away before he stopped, “Uh…where is the shuttle?” He had gotten turned around in the city, and considering everything was buried in a lot of snow he lost his bearings entirely.
Bark grinned and then walked around for a moment sniffing the air. After only a second he stopped, smiled and then nodded his head in a direction.
Frost was curious, this was a new thing to her.
Bolt was equally curious, then it hit him. He burst out with laughter, “I think he can smell the shuttle that way.”
“Woof!” Bark stated eagerly while wagging his tail and then he started walking through the paths in the snow that they had created getting here.
Huntress watched the dog and then Bolt walk off, she stopped Frost and asked, “Who is that?”
“Bark, he is new.”
“ Is he a person or a pet?”
Frost laughed understanding that this was not meant as an insult. “ He is certainly a person. He just has a few dog qualities about him.” She noticed that her company was getting further and further away. “ I think I need to keep up or I will get lost. Have a Merry Christmas.” Frost waved at Huntress and ran off to find the others.
Chapter 2: 
Heading Home 
“So, where are you going for the Holiday?” Bolt asked Frost while he piloted the shuttle up to the station.
Frost smiled warmly, “ I am going to see my sister and her family in San Francisco. Mom and Dad are going to fly in for a warm San Fran Christmas. You?”
Bolt laughed and thought about that, “My father has been bugging me about going hunting with him in Montana. I think he wants to see me out run a deer or something like that. “
“Aw, poor deer. You would kill a precious animal like that? “ Frost pouted at the idea.
Bolt grinned evilly, “If God did not intend his animals to be hunted, he shouldn’t have made them so tasty.” 
“You’re sick.”
Bolt gasped in faux shock, “ You didn’t act so worried when you ate that steak the other night.”
“Steak’s different.”
“In what way?” Bolt pushed as usual.
Frost rolled her eyes. “Fine, just don’t bring any deer burgers back with you like last time.”
“That wasn’t deer, it was elk.” Bolt corrected her.
“Whatever.” She turned around and with a great big smile she asked Bark, “ So, where are you going for the Christmas Holiday?” She had wanted to change the subject so fast that she forgot that Bark had no memory of any family. The only person he had yet to remember was a girlfriend who gave him up for dead. She immediately realized her mistake when she saw the instant frown on his face and the eyes cast down to the floor. “oh, I am sorry, I didn’t mean to…well I …uh…” she pepped for his benefit, “I am sure you will have fun on the station.”
“Sure.” Bolt sarcastically stated. “ You know how the General is about Christmas.”
“Shush!” She slapped his arm.
“What!” Bolt was not prepared for her assault.
Frost rolled her eyes at him and then turned back to Bark, “Don’t worry about the sourpuss General, he is just a little bitter about the Holiday. I am sure you can find some other heroes to have fun with, there are others who stay behind….I think.”  This was snowballing.
Bark smiled at her and took up the pencil and paper she had found on the shuttle. He scribbled a thought down and handed it to her. She read it and then nodded, “ I will make you a cup of hot chocolate when we get back. I am not leaving tonight, we have a few days before the official holiday starts.”
Bark, Bolt and Frost flew away from New York and headed for the station. Frost and Bolt continued talking about other things, Frost making sure to avoid the subject of Christmas. She had not considered that during this time of the year when Heroes get a chance to go home that someone like Bark without family on earth would have no one to go to. As far as most of the planet is concerned Joshua Henderson is dead, and there are even parts that would recognize Bark as the strange enemy picked up only a while back. He would have to stay behind. That wouldn’t be so bad, but The General has this problem with the whole holiday season and that would only make the experience that much worse.

Bark sat at a table in the mess hall and looked out the windows. He could see most of Asia at this time, including a rather large storm in the Pacific Ocean heading for Okinawa. He had a thick blanket wrapped around him and a cup of rich dark hot chocolate with big puffy marshmallows floating in it. When the team returned he was brought here by Frost where she got him the hot drink, retrieved the blanket from storage, and then left to give the mission report with Bolt.
Over the past hour Bark had tried to focus his thoughts on the mission. He would have to give a student report to his instructor, Bolt, tomorrow and tell what he learned from the experience. He wasn’t sure that he learned anything, but he would go over every last detail to make sure he had a good report. Besides, it got his mind off of Christmas.
Why hadn’t that stupid mad scientist at least removed his knowledge of the holidays. It’s not like he was going to be celebrating if he had actually turned into a mindless dog beast. Then he wouldn’t worry about it. Drinking the hot chocolate brought back memories. He couldn’t see faces, or even any exact details, it was just feelings. This time of year had been important to him, for some reason. It had meant a lot to him and he had looked forward to it, or that is the impression he felt inside. The only solid memory of Christmas was a tree, a simple Christmas tree with a lot of presents under it. Were they from him to someone? Were they for him from a loving family? He couldn’t remember, but he knew that it was one of the best times of his life growing up. Now it was a time to be alone with his thoughts and looking forward to everyone coming back to the station.
They hadn’t even left yet and he already missed everyone.  The students and teachers were all so eager for the holiday that most were in their rooms packing or calling family and friends. The mess, training rooms, simulators and even the arboretum were all as empty as ever. Even the nastier kids that were mean to him had places to go. Who could blame them? This was the only time of the year that the students and teachers got a holiday. The Rangers gift to the heroes was a week long period that the Rangers stepped up their efforts to keep the peace.
Somehow Bark had thought that there would be more missions, things he could do to keep busy during that week. He even offered once to join a Ranger to help keep the peace, but The General did not think he was ready for that kind of job. Bark reluctantly agreed. If there was a disaster and he got in the way it could be so much worse.
“ Bark!” Frost called out to him and broke his moment of concentration.
He turned around and set down his hot cup. With only a smile he greeted her.
She approached quickly and surprised him as she was dressed in a sexy red outfit befitting a Mrs. Claus on a pin up calendar. In her hands she held a small gift wrapped in red paper. “ Here, I thought you would like this.”
Bark gave her quite the look over as she held out the package, then he accepted the gift and opened it. Inside was another pad that he used to type his words. He took it out and then turned it on, typed into it and then handed it over to her. It said, “Thanks”
She laughed, “Sure, it really isn’t a gift, but I thought it would be nice to wrap it. Hey, I have a great surprise, come with me.” She took his arm and pulled him to his feet, knocking the blanket to the floor. He did not get the chance to respond to her as she dragged him off.

After a few turns and hallways she brought him to the door to simulator 1. It was the largest and most complex simulation system on the station. It normally was occupied by classes or the heroes going through a planning meeting. But considering that everyone was busy with their own holiday plans it was available.
“ Okay, here we are. “ She turned and pointed at him, “Close your eyes.”
He frowned, but smiled and obeyed. His hand was taken and he could hear the heavy sound of the doors opening. Then he was led into a warm room that was filled with the pleasant scents of cinnamon, nutmeg, and cookies. There was a crackling fire and even a touch of pine in the air.
“Okay, open your eyes.” Frost eagerly commanded.
Bark opened his eyes and found a picturesque Christmas room. It was like stepping into a Christmas card. The walls were thick timbers of a log cabin, the windows displayed a snowy forest scene outside, and the walls were covered in holly garland, pine wreathes, ribbons, bows, lights, candles, and the biggest warm fireplace Bark had ever seen. There were even a few Christmas cards on the mantle. Around the room was old fashioned wooden furniture, including a rocking chair and a low table with a plate of sugar cookies shaped in the form of snowmen, reindeer, and ornaments. In the corner of the room was a real tree, at least a simulated version of a real tree. It was decorated from top to bottom with red and white balls, red garland, popcorn garland, little white lights and a star on top. It had a skirt around the base that looked like a quilt of red and green.
Standing in the room were Bolt and Tobias dressed to fit the scene, heavy sweaters with Christmas décor all over them. Dress pants, and red Santa hats on their heads.
Everyone said, “Merry Christmas Bark!”
Bark grinned and said, “WOOF!” which he knew they would understand.
Tobias walked over to Bark and patted him on the shoulder, “We are sorry that we are going to all be leaving you here, so we thought you might enjoy a Christmas all your own right now.”
Bolt added, “And Frost wouldn’t shut up until we agreed.” He received an elbow to the gut from Frost for saying that.
Bark laughed as he knew that Bolt couldn’t control the smartass in him. He reached down and picked up a cookie from the plate. To his surprise it was real, not simulated. Taking a bite he was filled with the joy of the season at the sensation of this traditional treat.
Just then the moment was broken by the sound of a very angry man, “What is going on here!” The General came into the simulator, a snarl on his face.
Frost took up the plate of cookies and held it out, “We are enjoying a little Christmas for Bark. Want a cookie? “ She was visibly nervous.
The General glared at her, “Don’t you have packing to take care of?”
Tobias stepped up, “ It can wait a little while, none of us are leaving for at least…”
“Computer.” The General ordered and heard a beep in recognition, “End simulation.” His orders were final on this station and the computer obliged instantly. The simulation ended and the room was transformed back into the cold simulator with only the outfits on the people as any indication as to what was here a moment ago.
“Now wait a minute. What gives you the right…” Frost immediately shut up at the look in The General’s eyes.
“ On MY station the simulators are only to be used for sanctioned purposes. A foolish Christmas program is a waste of resources.”
“What resources? It’s a hologram.” Bolt retorted.
“Do you want to miss your holiday?” The General threatened Bolt.
Tobias spoke up now, “What’s wrong? We weren’t doing anything that hurt anyone.”
The General glared at all of them. “If this simulator isn’t cleared out in three minutes I’m going to cancel everyone’s holiday that is in this room.”
Grudgingly everyone started to walk out, the gaze of the fearsome General on them the whole way. Bark was first out, as he was the most scared of this man, though this threat really did not mean much to him.
Frost passed the General and muttered, “Scrooge.”
“ I heard that.” The General stated.
Frost ignored him and walked out with the others. The General came out last and he stomped onward without a bye your leave. Bark had already walked away, but Tobias, Bolt and Frost were still standing there.
Frost looked at Tobias and asked, “What is his deal? I know he doesn’t like Christmas, but…why?”
Bolt added, “ I would like to know myself, he has been like this for years.”
Tobias shook his head, “I have no idea. He has never told me. I just know that it is a sore subject with him.”
Frost stated the obvious, “But, couldn’t you read his mind and find out?”
Tobias gave her a look of disbelief, “Do you have any idea what the General would do if I scanned his mind like that without his permission? “ He shuddered, “It’s too horrible to imagine. No, that is certainly not an option. I guess we will just have to leave it alone. If we push too hard he just might cancel Christmas for everyone.”
“He wouldn’t….would he?” Frost asked.
Tobias nodded, “ Yes. I can tell you that he was not bluffing about canceling our holiday’s. If he gets a gut full of our pestering he just might kill it for everyone.”
Frost sighed, “Too bad. Bark is having a hard enough time dealing with the fact he is missing out on the whole holiday thing, but to have to stay behind with that Scrooge, I don’t know if he will be the same man when we return.”
Bolt smiled “ He will be fine. He is a sturdy mutt. Speaking for myself, I don’t want to miss out on this trip. I don’t get much time with my family and I wouldn’t miss it for anything.” 
Frost shook her head, “ I only wish I had realized this, I could have invited him along.”
“It’s too late.” Tobias stated the obvious.
“ I know. Bark had to have his request submitted three weeks ago. He didn’t submit one and I didn’t think about it until it was too late.” Frost started walking back toward the quarters level with the others, “ It’s not fair. We had only gotten back from Korea a week and a half ago. Bark never had the chance to submit any request.”
Bolt frowned, “Three weeks ago he was a fresh student that we hardly knew. If he had asked to join you on your Christmas holiday trip, would you have said yes?”
“ I don’t know.” With a sly grin she said, “ I always wanted a puppy for Christmas.”
Bolt rolled his eyes while Tobias laughed at that joke.
Chapter 3 
An Empty Station 
The week before Christmas was here and Bark stood at the window of the station looking down at the shuttles all leaving for the planet. The World Alliance had sent up several larger shuttles to help manage the crowd. Hundreds of people disembarked for their only vacation each year. It did make Bark smile to see how happy they were. It was a joyous time of the year and that spilled out of everyone, even those that did not celebrate the actual holiday.
Bark could see Tobias walking up from behind through the reflection in the glass. Tobias smiled, “Hey, Bark.” His tone was understandably sympathetic.
Bark turned around and went for his communicator tablet, but was stopped by Tobias’ hand.
“No, I just wanted to give you something. “ The doctor handed Bark a neatly wrapped box. It was about the size of a coffee cup and wrapped in nice red shiny paper with a green ribbon. “ I know that The General doesn’t want anything on this station to resemble Christmas, but I thought that you might as well have at least one gift this year.”
Bark smiled warmly as he took the gift. He got his pad and typed into it. “I’ll save it for Christmas Day.”
Tobias laughed, “As you wish. I hope you like it. It took a lot of work to create.”
The computer announced, “Shuttle 22 leaving for Chicago, Shuttle 22 leaving for Chicago.”
The doctor looked up and nodded, “I guess that’s for me. I have to get running. You enjoy Christmas, don’t let the grumpy General ruin it for you. And, before you know it, we will all be back to our classes. Merry Christmas.” Tobias patted Bark on the shoulder and then headed off before his shuttle left.
Bark looked at the gift, and even sniffed it. It only smelled like paper, tape, metal, and Tobias. He had no idea what was inside, but at least he had something to unwrap Christmas morning. He returned to watching the people leave. He hadn’t seen Frost leave just yet and he wanted to watch her go.
With a disgusted snarl he watched a green headed jerk head out with his entourage of mean lackeys. Where Green Scream would go this time of year was anyone’s guess. Bark would certainly not miss that guy. Then he saw the white faux fur coat and glistening blonde hair of his beauty queen. Frost boarded a shuttle with Bolt, and about two dozen other students. Bark watched her the whole way. Having her as a girlfriend was the best part about being up here on this station.
Then the time came. The last of the shuttles lifted up from the docking platforms and headed toward earth. Christmas was beginning for the students and the station was that much emptier. The robots at the controls of the docking station closed the doors and then went offline. A massive chunk sounded as the lights in the huge docking bay shut off. The lights around the station dimmed and a power saving mode initiated.
Bark walked away from the window and looked around. It was a little creepy right now. The mess hall was closed. Most of the external windows were covered in protective plating. And the normal sounds of the daily training sessions and general din of the students was gone. For a holiday season, Bark felt terribly alone and cold right now.
Toshi had gone back to earth to see her family. Bark snickered at the idea of her visiting great great great great great grandchildren, though he wasn’t sure who she was visiting. She offered him the use of her dojo and quarters. It was an honor to be offered, as very few people were even allowed to go in when she was there. He would’ve politely turned the offer down, but her dojo was designed to appear from the inside as though it were on earth. The windows produced holographic light and scenes of the outdoors. The smells were of wood and tea. And it was a pleasant place for him as she was a comforting person. So, he turned around and took his lone Christmas gift back to the dojo for the night. 

After walking silently through the station and down the long corridor to the Dojo, Bark typed in a special code and the door opened. He stepped inside and found a room set far away from the mentality of the rest of the ULH space station. The room was designed to alter its exterior illusions to match that of the prefecture in Japan that Toshi was from. So, right now, it was early morning and the sun was warmly shinning into the windows. Looking out a window he could see a snow covered forest with mountains in the distance.
Bark was taking in the ambiance when he found a unique item in the corner. There was a thousand year old bonsai tree that Toshi treasured. She took very, very good care of it. It was the perfect bonsai tree with a thick trunk and a pair of huge horizontal branches that were manicured by the master for ages. What about it that brought a smile to his face were the small Christmas decorations adorning it. She had purposefully decorated it for him and he was almost embarrassed at that. Walking over to the tree he knelt down and placed the little gift beneath it, a perfect place for it to wait until Christmas morning. It was then he noticed a little scroll tied up and set at the base of the tree amongst the green moss. Unraveling the string he opened it to find a simple note, “Happy Christmas Inu-chan. Remember, it is within us to be happy or sad. No one has the power to take that away, it must be abandoned freely.”
He frowned and then set the little paper down on the tea table. An odd Christmas sentiment, but it was certainly Toshi wisdom. And though Bark had only recently come to know this kind woman, he knew that when she handed out wisdom, you paid attention.
For the rest of today, Bark would practice some of the exercises that Toshi had started him on. He even pushed aside the wooden door so he could look out over the snowy winter landscape as he trained. The illusion even allowed in a sweet, yet cold, winter breeze. It was much warmer than the frigid air of New York and with his fur he kind of liked a little cool wind. Besides, it was a departure from the dull, dark, bleak station right now, and the even darker, bleaker General.

“BARK!” The general pounded on the door to the Dojo.
Bark woke up from a nice sleep on the futon Toshi had unrolled for him. He blinked a few times and had to get his bearings. He wasn’t in his normal room, it was Christmas week, and he was alone on the station. Putting his thoughts back together after a night sleep, he frowned at the pounding on the door that woke him.
It came again. “Bark!” The general wasn’t yelling at him and his voice did not sound anxious, he was just the wakeup call.
Bark wiped the sleep out of his eyes as he gathered himself. Getting up he walked over to the door and opened it. He did not say anything, considering he couldn’t.
The General let out a huff, “ I could use your help. I normally run the observation programs to watch earth during the vacation, but I am way behind on my reports. If you don’t mind sitting in and keeping an eye on them it would be a big help. Plus you can earn some of your work credits for school doing this.” The General did not need to run the observation programs, that was what the Rangers were there for during this holiday. It was just his need to do something while he sat up here and sulked during the holiday. But, every student had to spend several hours helping run the operations center during their stay, and this was a great opportunity to get those out of the way for Bark. Besides, all he has been able to do is practice his martial arts training and working out. This could be a much needed diversion.
Bark smiled and nodded, still a bit blurry eyed.
The General cleared his throat and turned to walk away. “ You know the way.”
Bark started to head out with the General when he nearly ran into the Generals back as the man stopped abruptly.
The General did not even turn around when he said, “I know that it is just you and I right now, but I would appreciate it if you would put on your uniform. This isn’t a nudist colony.”
Barks eyes widened and he finally finished waking up. He looked down and realized that he hadn’t even put on his superhero briefs yet. With a slight smile he returned to the dojo to get dressed.

The operations center of the ULH station was dull right now. The big screen with the map of the world spread across it was quiet, the robots working their regular stations were quiet, the speakers in the room that piped in the mission updates were quiet, everything was…..quiet. If it wasn’t for the World Wide Web, Bark would have gone crazy these past two days. The General had given Bark a unique code that normally students would not be privileged to have when working here, but without any observers it would be hard for Bark to work without it. Besides, The General trusted Bark. This allowed Bark to access the web while on the job.
Unbeknownst to the General, Bark had found most of the old classic Christmas cartoons and had watched them while he sat and waited for something to happen. It was odd, he had a vague memory of these cartoons. It was like a distant memory in a dream he once had. He felt the memory was there, but when he thought about it, nothing came to mind. Each cartoon was déjà vu. Even though they were an imprecise memory to him, the memory had one glaring truth, it was a happy time.
“ Report!” The General exited his office and walked out. This was his pattern during the day, once an hour he would come out and demand a report as though something were going to happen.
Bark nodded, quickly turned off the last Christmas special he had been watching, and called up the minor reports that had come in over the past hour. Downloading them to the computer tablet he walked it over to the General and waited for the man to examine them.
The General scrolled through the incident report. Some  cases of bank heists, two occurrences of a wild mutant stirring trouble, and one wildfire, all quelled and cleaned up by the Rangers. These cases would have not even been worthy of mention during the standard operating hours, but this was all that Bark had to hand to him.
The General read them all with an attitude of command, as though he were looking over an impressive progress report. “ Fine, good. Seems everything is quiet. Keep up the good work.” He handed the tablet back to Bark and headed for his office, “oh, Bark, if you don’t mind, I would like a cup of coffee, my pot stopped working yesterday and I have no idea how to fix anything around here without Menders assistance. Could you go run and grab me a cup.” He entered his office without saying anything else.
Bark let out a bored sigh, tossed the tablet over to the console and walked toward the mess area. The beverage stand was always working, at least to dole out coffee, tea,  hot water, or a basic hyperade sports drink. Specialty stuff was for sale at the stands, when they were operating.
Once he arrived at the kiosk he found the spigots for each drink and a little tray of other items. Bags of herbal tea, some sugar and sweeteners, powdered creamers, and the stirring wands used to mix everything together.  He smiled at the site of a stack of packets of instant apple cider mix. He grabbed a cup, opened a pack and poured it in, then with the addition of hot water he had apple cider on demand. With one whiff he felt that cheer rush through his blood. Again it was a vague memory, but a happy one. Then, with a sneaky smile, he decided to bring some cheer into the Generals day. He opened another packet and proceeded to mix it with hot water. Both cups in hand he walked it back to the operations center, set his cup down on the desk and then gathered himself to deliver his attempt at Christmas cheer.
“ Just set it on the desk.” The General stated as he read over his last report to check for errors.
Bark carefully set it down and then stood there for a moment with a smile. He wanted to see the expression on the Generals face.
“ You can go back to your duties.” The General stated and then reached out for the hot beverage.
Bark slowly walked away, his ears open for any happiness he might have created.
The General spewed the cider across the room and slammed the cup down, spilling half of it on his desk. “WHAT IS THIS!”
Bark turned, his eyes wide and his tail tucked. He couldn’t say anything so he just stood there and shook.
The General snarled at Bark and yelled, “What were you thinking! I wanted coffee! Not this swill. If I want some stupid Christmas drink I will get it myself. Now get back to your station and don’t try anything like that again!!” He was so mad his face was red.
Bark hot footed it out of there and got back to his desk. He was breathing hard and absolutely scared. He had never seen the General blow up like that before. The man was a pillar of strength and calm. Even in the face of enemies he maintained his commanding attitude. Bark feared for his position as a student here. That was a stupid mistake.
Just then the General came out of the office with the cup in hand. He tossed it into the wall waste reclamation unit and pressed the incinerate button. He looked up to see that Bark was practically hiding under his desk. Then the General did something he had not done much before to a student. He apologized. “Look, Bark, I am sorry for yelling at you. Christmas makes me touchy. You were just being nice, you don’t know much about me. I will go and get my own coffee, you can…take the day off. I am sure the Rangers have everything under control. “ His tone was strange, calm, depressed, yet very honest.
Bark turned off his computer and then stood up and nodded at the General with a smile. He watched the man leave for the mess, then Bark left through another door that led out to the training area. He was a little uncomfortable right now and felt it would be better if they walked separate ways. It did, however, get Bark to wonder what exactly the General did have against Christmas. Why would a man of such honor and dignity be so nasty about one of the happiest holidays on the calendar? But, Bark realized it would probably not be wise to ask, so he wouldn’t.
Chapter 4 
Family and Friends
Bolt carried in a huge buck that he had bagged out in the Montana wilderness. The fur was singed and it was still smoking, but a little electricity never hurt the taste. He flopped it down on a tabletop and smiled at a kind older woman with red hair. She was wearing an apron and holding a spoon from where she had been stirring the stew.
“ Oh, goodness, that’s a big one. We are going to have to make jerky or freeze some of this. You and your father have brought in so much meat this year.” She backed up away from the smell of smoldering deer fur.
Bolt grinned, he was wearing his normal uniform with a heavy fur lined hunters jacket and hat. “I haven’t had this much fun since the day I entered that triathlon.”
His father, a stout man with a balding head, bit of a belly, and the exact same grin as Bolt, came in with only his gun. “You would’ve won that triathlon if you had been wearing that stupid jumpsuit of yours. But you decided to wear those skinny swimming briefs to show off to the ladies, and you just about skinned your legs rubbing them against each other just after you took off.”
“ Not to mention other parts that weren’t protected.” Bolt walked funny for a second remembering that foolish mistake. He heard them laughing at him. “ Hey, I had only discovered my powers a month before that. How was I supposed to know that I needed to have a special suit to reduce the friction?”
The woman laughed, “Your mother was glad you failed. She didn’t want to see you standing up on the winners platform dressed liked that. Imagine, her son practically naked on the front page.”
“Where’s mom anyway, aunt Bonnie?” Bolt looked around.
“She’s getting the mail. Looks like the post man had a whole truck coming in for us.” Bonnie turned to go back to her cooking.
Bolt grinned even prouder than usual. “Probably some of the townspeople sending pictures in for me to sign. They know that I only come home like this once a year.”
Harold, his father, slapped him on the back, “Don’t forget to remember the family while you sign your autographs, Bolt.” He only called him by his hero name to pester him.
Bolt strolled out of the kitchen and into the living room of the hunting lodge his family owned. The lodge had a huge fireplace and a tall ceiling. Bolt and his father had gone and cut down the tallest Christmas tree they could find. After about five hours of work it was decorated and standing in the corner awaiting gifts. Bolt flopped down into a chair and sat his feet up on the low coffee table. The roaring fire was a nice warmer after running around in that cold, hunting deer again.
Just then the door to the lodge opened and closed. A woman who was just as tall as Bolt, had his blonde hair, and wearing about five layers of coats against the cold, came in with an armload of letters and packages. “ Good grief, I think all of the family decided to mail everything on the same day. Honey, could you give me a hand?” she struggled to get over to the fire place.
Bolt slowly clapped for her.
“Not funny, now get your skinny butt over here.” She demanded, and her orders were as good as The Generals to Bolt.
He got up and quickly helped her get everything under the tree. He was pleased to see his name on a lot of the packages. Most of his family waited until this time of the year to send him anything, as they all knew it was the best time for him to sit and read their letters, or enjoy whatever they decided to send.
His mother sat down in a deep arm chair and let out a heavy sigh, “Good heavens that was cold. I don’t see how your father and you can spend so much time out there. I can’t wait to get back to Florida.”
Bolt laughed, “oh, when you’re running fast enough, you don’t feel it.” He sat down and then frowned at her, “And, my butt isn’t that skinny. It is well toned and good looking.” He was teasing her.
His mother rolled her eyes, “You are your father’s son alright.”
“ He brought me up right.” He flashed that famous smile.
She rolled her eyes, “ Why don’t you put on something more….or at least less showing.”
Bolt frowned at her again, “ This is my supersuit. It is a superheroes honor to wear it. Besides, I was just running down deer.”
“ Well, it looks like super footy pajamas.” She was just as bad as his father about pestering him.
He sat back and folded his arms, “ Tell me again why I come home for this kind of treatment?”
She laughed and sat up, “ Because you love it and we all know it. Now, I have a strange letter for you that arrived.”
Bolt cocked his head, “Strange, in what way?”
“ Well, it didn’t have a return address, the envelope is odd, and the handwriting is….well…different.” She shuffled through the mail.
Bolt stood up and waited for the letter. It could be a ploy from a villain, or even a joke from Jack Frost, if he was out of the Rangers prison. In Bolt’s line of work he had to be terribly careful about strange things being sent to him.
She pulled it out and held it up to read the front. The envelope was incredible, golden and sparkling like freshly fallen snow in sunshine. The back was held with red wax and a pressed seal mark. “This is certainly odd, it has no stamp or post office cancellation mark. Weird.” She held it up to him.
He took it and turned it over. The front simply read To Bolt in the most beautiful calligraphy imaginable. Sitting back down he undid the wax seal and pulled out extremely fine paper with gold trim. It was a letter, handwritten to him. For a few moments he was silent and paid close attention to the words.
“Honey? What is it?” His mother was certainly concerned.
Bolt closed the letter and replaced it in the envelope. With a different attitude than he had displayed this whole trip he looked at his mother and said. “ Do you mind if we move our Christmas stuff to Christmas eve?”
“Sure. Is there something wrong?”
He shook his head, and smiled warmly. “ No. There is just something I have to do.”

Frost laughed as she walked down the street with her little sister. They were quite the pair, both extremely photogenic and models. Frost had abandoned her modeling and dancing career once she discovered her powers, but her sister had no powers and was doing fine as a fashion model for magazines and catalogues. Lillian was becoming more famous and her name was growing.
“ Lillian, I hope you didn’t tell anyone I was coming. The last time you said anything I fought off photographers the whole holiday season.”
A petite blonde with a ten million dollar smile held up her hand in a faux boy scout sign, “ On my honor I told no one, except for mom and dad.”
“Well, that is okay. If you didn’t tell mom and dad I would be in deep trouble.”
Lillian stopped at the window of a very expensive jewelry store. Looking in it was like a child at a candy store, “Hey, what do you think mom would want for Christmas?”
Frost laughed, “ I don’t know, but I bet Tiffany’s wasn’t on her list. You know mom isn’t as much a glamor girl as you or I.”
Lillian rolled her eyes and walked away from the window, “ I am not buying her that oven mitt she asked for. I know it’s a set up, you know how she is. She will smile and then comment on how fabulous her gifts were to us and wonder why we can’t afford a better gift for her. You have heard it every year.”
Frost nodded. Their mother was loving and kind to them, but deep down she was a diva at heart. “Fine, do what you want, but if I show up with a Tiffany’s necklace again, she will  spend all Christmas day telling me that it was too expensive and to take it back.”
They both laughed at their mothers quirks. It was any wonder that that woman raised a pair of high maintenance fashion models.
Lillian tucked her hands into her designer jacket and strolled along the sidewalk with her big sister, “So, how is life treating you up on that space station? Having fun?”
Frost knew her little sister missed her terribly, “It’s fine. I was just in New York helping take down Jack Frost, he was piling snow up like crazy.”
“I know, we get the news here when that stuff happens. Is that all you do, fight bad guys?”
“Not all the time.” Frost laughed, “I train, and teach some, and even get to spend time with friends.”
“Uh-huh” Lillian mused, “Any good friends?”
“I don’t know what you are talking about.” Which was a lie. She knew that her sister was pushing to find out if her big sister had a boyfriend.
Lillian stopped and watched a cute couple walk by, “ Do you get to have any fun up there? I know you are surrounded by cute guys in tights.”
Frost laughed thinking about all the muscle bound men she worked with every day. “ It’s not all work. I have friends, and I do enjoy some of the eye candy now and then. Not all of those cute guys are nice, some are terrible flirts and you know how that can be.”
“Sure, it must be awful to have muscly cute guys drooling all over you.” Lillian teased.
Frost shook her head, “ It can be flattering sometimes, but when they won’t give up it gets annoying. Some days I just want to slap Bolt the next time he makes a reference about me and him that is entirely uncouth.”
Lillian fawned, “Bolt! What a dream. Don’t tell me that hunk of beefcake flirts with you?”
Frost rolled her eyes, “ Some days he won’t stop. “ she didn’t sound amused.
“ Buy me a ticket back to the station for Christmas.” Lillian fanned herself as though she were about to faint.
“ That bag of testosterone would love you, until the next pretty girl walked by. He can get so pushy some days, if it weren’t for Bark recently, I might have carried a baseball bat around.”
“ Bark? Who is that?” Lillian hadn’t heard that name before on any of the news stations.
Frost smiled warmly, “He’s a new guy on the station. I sort of found him and we have become good friends.”
“Go on….” Lillian was pushing again.
Frost blushed, “Okay, so we are getting more serious than just friends. Boyfriend  girlfriend stuff.”
Lillian gave off a very insinuating smile , “ So, is he one of those muscle bound heroes that saves the day?”
Frost laughed considering how different Bark was from the other men around the station. “ Bark is a nice man, he is cute and kind. But, he really isn’t the Bolt kind of superhero.”
“Ooh, is he like Keen. Now that is a dreamy superhero.”
Frost scoffed, “Good heavens no. Bark is much more subdued than that. He is a unique kind of hero. The firefighter type, not the action hero.”
“So, what does he look like?” Lillian was getting more and more curious.
Frost pulled out her cell phone from her purse. She scrolled through several of her more recent pictures and found the best one she has taken of Bark. She held out the phone, “Here, this is him.”
Lillian took the phone with a big smile, expecting some god like man with all the qualities she wanted in a man, in his looks alone. When she saw the man her smile sort of melted into a friendly grin with a frown. “Oh, he is….nice looking.”
“What? Don’t tell me you don’t like him?”
“ He is just so…hairy. And a tail, is that a muzzle? How do you kiss around that?” she had a tendency to be a little superficial.
Frost laughed, “ Hairy, good heavens you don’t know the half of it, he is covered head to toe in fur. And that is certainly a muzzle, and it is a blast to kiss. That tongue goes on forever.”
Lillian continued scanning the picture with her eyes, “Sure. I’ll have to take your word for it. Is that all he wears?”
“ It is his supersuit. Gives a pretty nice view from behind.” Frost was purposefully boasting over Bark, knowing that her sister was having a hard time imagining this man being boyfriend worthy.
Lillian handed the phone back, “ Nice. I would love to meet him some day.”
Frost looked at her man on the phone, “ Sure. Just, don’t tell mom or dad about him. I don’t think either would be to happy with me dating a dog right now.”
“Can you imagine what Mom…” Just then a girls yell broke their conversation.
“ Oh my gosh, its Lillian!” A young girl came running across the street, barely missing a few cars. Her parents frantically following.
Lillian immediately turned on the charm and smiled at the little girl, “ Well hello there, you know of me?”
The girl gushed, “ Oh, yes, I have every dress you have modeled in the William Cathys catalogue. Can I get a picture with you?”
Frost was stepping back, hoping that she was not also recognized. “ Hey, sis, I’m going to look for a present for Bark in here. You just please your adoring public.”
The girl looked at Frost with wide eyes, “OMG you’re Frost!”
Lillian came to her sister’s rescue, “Did you want an autograph?” She pulled out a small picture of herself that she carried around for just these occasions.
“YES YES YES! Make it out to Darlene Oakland, My biggest fan! OMG Julie is going to just die when she sees this, she is just going to die!” the girl was rambling on and on.

Frost paid the man for the present she bought for Bark at the clothing boutique and took her wrapped gift out of the store to find that her sister had started to gather a crowd of admirers. It wouldn’t be long before she had to get in there and get her sister out of this, they were going to be late on picking up their parents from the airport. Frost only hoped that the crowds didn’t swamp the both of them. Maybe she could flag down a cab and grab her sister on the way.
“ Merry Christmas!” A jolly may yelled out as he clanged his bell for charity.
Frost turned and cocked her head; she didn’t remember him being there before she went in to the store. Looking back at him she was amused at the way he so closely resembled the classic image of Santa. He smiled at her and there might even have been a real twinkle in his eye. She rattled some change around in her hand and smiled at the jolly old man. Walking over to him she deposited it down into the pot he stood next to.
“Thanks Frost, that is very kind of you.” He said.
She was surprised, “ Do you know me?”
“ You are quite famous young lady, even without the uniform you are very recognizable. “
Frost started to leave, “Oh, well, Merry Christmas to you too.”
“Wait, I have something for you.” He stopped her and then produced a very lovely envelope with her name written across the front of it. “ Merry Christmas.”
She was extremely curious when she took the letter. How did he know she was going to be here? What could this be? Was it some kind of trick by a villain? Should she open it? For some reason she was compelled to find out what was inside. Turning it over she discovered it was sealed with a wax mark, something she had not seen much in her life. Breaking the seal she slowly pulled out the exquisite letter written to her. Taking a few steps toward her sister and the crowd she read over the letter.
“ Hey. What’s that?” Lillian had finally dispersed the crowd and returned to her sister.
Frost looked up, “Huh? Oh, what happened to your adoring fans?”
“They let me go. Where did you get that letter? It’s so pretty. One of the shops doing a promotion or something?” Lillian looked around at the high end shops.
Frost shook her head and turned to point at the man ringing the bell, but he was gone, his pot was gone, there was absolutely nothing there left of him. “Where did the man go?”
Lillian leaned over and looked around to where Frost was looking, “Uh, I don’t see anyone. You okay?”
Frost turned back around and then looked at the letter again. She smiled and returned to her sister, “ I am fine. But I think we will have to take care of Christmas before the twenty fifth, I need to head back to the station.”
Lillian was confused, but agreeable, “Sure, that’s fine. Mom and Dad can take a tour of San Fran with me. Is there something wrong?”
Frost shook her head, “No, just something I need to do.”
Chapter 5 
Ghosts of Christmas Past 
Bark sat at his desk in his quarters. He still had the access code the General gave him for the operations center, so he could go online and watch more Christmas videos. While the video played he looked at a picture of Frost he had on his desk. She had been gone for three days and he missed her terribly. She made him happy, and he really wanted to neck right now. But mostly, he was needing someone to have fun with and The General was not the person he had in mind. In fact he figured that if he suggested anything fun to The General, The General might just bite his head off for real.
Just then Kris Kringle on the old Miracle on 34th Street said, “Christmas isn't just a day, it's a frame of mind.”
Bark looked at the little screen showing the old black and white movie. It was a charming movie that he seemed to remember more than the others. That one quote got Bark thinking, what could possibly make The General turn on Christmas? There has to be something more to it than he is allowing anyone to know. He pressed the stop button on the movie and changed the computer over to the stations central net.
He typed in a request for data on The General and got what most students could see. It showed the basic information about The General and his position as leader of the ULH and high ranking member of the World Alliance. But the computer said there was nothing more to display. Then a sneaky smile crossed Bark’s face and he punched in the security clearance code and accessed what usually only a few on the station could see. Data came up on everyone, including himself. He was tempted to look over his own record and see what kinds of notes were placed in there since he came. But, he was on a mission and he wasn’t sure how long he could do this before it set off an alarm. It would be impossible to blame anyone else on the station right now.
ACCESS: THE GENERAL, PERSONAL DATA…
Bark watched as the computer pulled up all the data it had on The Generals past. It surprised him that the computer contained information that went as far back as when he was a Cadet with the World Alliance, long before the ULH was conceived. He was quite the over achiever. He also had a few notes from his instructors back then that showed a young man who flaunted the rules on quite a few occasions.
 There were pictures on there from his service records, and some personal data. Bark accessed them and immediately smiled with a touch of humor in his eyes. There stood a young General playfully with a young Sunspot, Bastion, and a few other notable heroes. The next picture was of Bastion giving lecture to some kids on a lawn in front of a building. And who was standing behind Bastion giving him rabbit ear fingers, The General. Good grief, he was as bad as Bolt.
ACCESS: THE GENERAL, PERSONAL DATA, ANY REFERENCE TO CHRISTMAS….
Bark changed his objective to finding any info on Christmas that might help explain the Generals attitude. Perhaps there might be a run in with a bad Christmas themed villain, or maybe a demotion during this time of year, anything that could help explain. Bark ran through a few files, not many, but found only basic data. The General spent a few years after his graduation working on Christmas as the Ranger for D.C. while the other heroes got to go home. But, after that were more pictures of him smiling during the holiday, even one with him wearing a Santa hat and belting out some Christmas carols. Bark was pleased these pictures did not come with sound.
Wait, who was that? Bark scrolled back through pictures of The General standing with several other heroes and students. The Christmas pictures from the last few years with the World Alliance Corps showed a lovely young lady in a military uniform, but not a supersuit. The pictures with her were showing up throughout the Christmas pictures up until….twenty five years ago. Then none. And the only Christmas picture after that was of him in a group shot, and he was certainly not smiling. Who was that? What happened to her? What happened to the screen, it just went dark? Oh, crap! Bark realized that his snooping was discovered.
Bark nervously waited for a booming voice over the intercom to call him into the office for grilling. Wonder if the General likes dog steaks? But, nothing came. A pounding heart slowly subsided as Bark gulped away his fears and felt as though perhaps he was wrong.
Okay, enough snooping, he didn’t need The General coming down hard on him. He was new here and The General liked him, at least until today. He shouldn’t push it any further. When Tobias and Toshi came back he might ask about that woman. They knew the General better than anyone on the station, save perhaps Bastion. But, for now Bark would just do something else.
Bark decided it might be wise to get away from his room for now. Maybe he could disperse any suspicions by him not being near the computer, though no one else was here. Getting a breath of fresh air would be nice, the arboretum was always a good place to stroll. Taking his communicator pad, Bark left the quarter level for the pleasant arboretum.

The arboretum was a nice change of pace for the stations stark lifestyle. The green grasses, tall trees, trickling waters, and fresh air were a distant departure from computers and bulkheads. Though, Bark thought that it might’ve been nice to be a little more wintery right now, but the arboretum never changes its climate.
He walked passed a line of blooming lilies that Frost admired every time she came by them. If Bark knew that the gardeners wouldn’t yell at him, he would pick a few for her each morning. Then again it was nice to have them here so he and Frost could take walks to see them.
The little creek was always running with clear water, filtered by the station and circulated over and over, it still felt fresh. Especially on your feet and this is exactly what Bark stopped for. He sat down on the bank of the creek and stuck his feet in. The flowing cool waters always felt nice. His feet were rough and tough. He could step on gravel and hardly feel it, and with the shaggy fur covering them, shoes and socks were not an option. The strain of always walking on hard surfaces did take their toll, and soaking in cool water felt good every time.
“ You know, you can get in a lot of trouble for that.” The General spoke behind Bark and nearly made the poor man fall right into the creek.
Bark lurched, fearful of the General’s retribution. He turned and smiled anxiously at his commanding officer. He was shaking so hard his tail was quivering.
The General came over and sat on the ground next to him. “ Relax, I am not here to hand down punishment. I have disabled that access code I gave you, but you didn’t do anything worthy of true punishment, just don’t do it again.” he let out a sigh and looked down at the water, “ You were looking at my records, may I ask why?”
Bark grabbed his communication pad and badly typed in, “Just wantd to now why you hat chrsmas.” His hand was actually trembling while he typed.
The General smiled at all the typos, it was a pleasant reminder at the fear he could inspire from students. Handing it back to Bark he paused for a long time. He took in a deep breath, slowly released it and then turned to the boy. “ I am going to tell you something, but you have to swear to me that it will not be spread around to anyone, not even Frost.”
Bark nodded and put his hand over his heart as a sign of his honesty.
The General repositioned himself for a moment and took time to come up with the right words. Looking up at the fake sky he watched the sun setting. “ Back when I was in the World Alliance academy I was a little more loose with myself, had a lot of fun, met a lot of girls. But there was this one, Melanie Hope.”
That must have been the girl that Bark saw with the General.
“ She was not a student, just a secretary that worked for the military. Melanie considered getting out of the service before we met, but when I fell head over heels for her she stayed to be near me.” He was actually smiling. “ Melanie was one heck of a woman. She was used to the superheroes and could take our ego and throw it back at us. I think I fell in love with her ability to put me in my place for my ego, but still love me right back. I spent my last two years in the academy splitting my time between studies and Melanie Hope. When I graduated, she ended her service and moved herself to Washington D.C. I had planned on working for the pentagon’s new Hero division before they started talking about the ULH. “ He became silent for a moment, gathering himself. “ two years into my service in D.C., that Christmas, I was in Mozambique for a conference, but came home early to spend my holiday break with her. I was flying back to D.C. when she went to the mall to buy a gift for her nephew. It was the hot toy of the season and one store was getting in about ten. She waited early in the morning with hundreds of other people, all pressing to get to it first. From what I was told she had been waiting all night, long before anyone else. She loved her nephew so much.” He had to gather himself again. “ The mall unlocked the doors and the crowds pressed in like a stampeding herd. Melanie was a strong willed woman, but she was small. She fell down and was trampled to death by those shoppers.”
Bark was not prepared for that. He expected there to be a villain involved, even if it was just a guy with a gun. But just to be trampled.
The General turned to Bark and Bark could see the tears buried deep in his eyes. He would not ever show tears to any student, instructor, or hero, and he was not going to let a single one out now. “Being a hero has its benefits, Bark. But, it also has its consequences. We get to see the depraved side of humanity in ways that most people are not accustomed to. The thanklessness of humans spills out worse than ever during Christmas. It’s all about getting . Giving is only used to glorify the giver. Those people were not evil, but they didn’t take the time to stop and help a poor woman up who had fallen, they only walked all over her until she died. A crushed skull did her in, but her body was beaten horribly.” The General took in a shaking breath and released it, “I save lives, so will you. It is my duty as a hero. But for all my knowledge, training, and abilities, she still died. Christmas only serves to remind me of what I lost, and what people have perverted the holiday into. There is no love in my heart for it anymore. I hope you understand.”
Bark nodded, shocked and dismayed for him.
The General stood up and dusted some of the grass and dirt off of him. “ I am going to get back to my reports. “ He looked up at the fake night sky and saw that the sun had set during his conversation. “looks like it’s Christmas eve. Enjoy it however you wish to, I won’t stop you. You can even run that program that Frost created in the simulator. Just…don’t expect me to come. And, remember, this stays between you and me. If I hear anyone else talking about it, you will be running the fitness course until your tail falls off.”
Bark gulped and quickly nodded.
Without another word The General left to go back to his office.

Bark walked back to the Dojo tonight. He wanted to sleep somewhere that felt like home. It was Christmas Eve, and he was depressed. Not just because he was alone, but after hearing what the General said he felt terrible. Was he right? Is Christmas nothing more than a holiday for greed and selfishness?
He came into the dojo and sat down in the middle of the floor cross legged staring right at the little bonsai Christmas tree. He looked out the open faux door to the night wilderness that was going by him. The dark blue sky had thousands of stars twinkling away with the moon rising over a distant mountain top. Snow covered the ground with tracks of woodland creatures in it. It was a really nice illusion.
Bark smiled, a warmth filled him from the inside as he thought about the cold wintery night, and snowy morning to come. He didn’t have an exact memory to go off of, but a white Christmas mattered to him. Then a soft, cold breeze brushed into the dojo and carried a small piece of paper across the floor. It was the note that Toshi had left him before she went home for the holiday break. He opened it and read it again, “Happy Christmas Inu-chan. Remember, it is within us to be happy or sad. No one has the power to take that away, it must be abandoned freely.”
It started to make sense to him, this tidbit of wisdom. How did she know he would need it? He didn’t give that much thought, for his thoughts began to consider something else. With a new smile on his face he got up and retrieved one of the few pieces of technology in this dojo, a single computer tablet. Furiously, he began to scribe a letter. He spent over two hours refining what he wanted to say.
Once he was happy with the words he sent it off and then turned in for the night. He lay on the futon with the smile still on his face. Perhaps it was the vague memory of getting up Christmas morning as a kid. Or it was being here in the dojo. More than likely he was pleased with what he just wrote and was sure that it would make a difference.
Chapter 6 
The Spirit of Christmas Present
Christmas morning came and Bark awoke to the sound a birds chirping outside the shoji screen door. He sat up, stretched and then wandered into the main dojo room. After a few moments of blinking the sleep out of his eyes he was reminded that it was Christmas morning. The little homage that Toshi had left him in her decorated tree put a smile on his face. But, he wanted a little more. So he picked up the lone Christmas gift under the tree and left the dojo for the simulator.
He had thought that the General had erased it completely, but, when he was told that he could enjoy it he knew it still had to be there. Bark activated it and walked into the simulated rustic cabin filled wall to wall with Christmas, including a roaring fire in the fireplace. Bark sat down on the couch in the middle of the room and looked at the table. For some reason he had expected those sugar cookies to be here as well. Then again, if they were holograms he wouldn’t be able to eat them.
At first there was a pleased smile on his face, but that melted as he looked about the room and missed everyone that was here the first time. It was like smelling a great meal, but not finding it to eat. Christmas was all around him, but the best part was nowhere to be found, being with loved ones.
“ I guess I should just open this gift and then go back to the dojo and practice all day.” Bark thought to himself.
Pulling the wrapping paper off he uncovered a little white box, inside that was an odd little device. It was metallic and diamond shaped  with a little speaker box in the middle. It had a ring attached to the top like it was a pendant or an ornament.  Turning it over and over in his hand he really couldn’t figure out what it was. Looking down into the box he did not see any instructions. What in heaven’s name did Dr. Glyph give him?
“I think it is a digital voice box set to pick up your mental process to speak. To give you a voice.” A deep grandfatherly voice startled Bark.
Bark looked up to see something entirely unexpected. There sat an old man with white hair, a big white beard, and the most elegant red robes on with white lining. He was the picturesque image of a Victorian Santa Claus. This must be a hologram?
“ I am no hologram, I am a friend.” The man seemed to be able to hear Barks thoughts.
Bark tested this and thought, “ Why are you here?”
The man smiled and responded, “ I decided to make a special stop just for you, Joshua.”
Bark stood up with eyes wide and mouth agape. “ Who are you?” he thought.
The jolly man smiled “ I am the essence of Christmas, the World Alliance knows me as Father Winter, but I go by many names. “
“ Are you Santa Claus?”
The man laughed heartily, “ Well, yes, to Children that is my name, along with Saint Nick and Kris Kringle. But, you may call me whichever you are most comfortable with.”
Bark sat down with a youthful grin on his face, “ What are you doing here?”
“ I know what has happened up here. I know that Henry is a stubborn man and hates Christmas.”
“Henry?” Bark stuck one eyebrow up.
Father Winter laughed again, “ The General is an honorable man, but he holds a piece of darkness in him about Christmas. For decades many have tried to get through to him, but most give up quickly and go about their own Christmas activities. But, you did not. You reached out to him, and you know what son, you were the first he listened to. You were the first he apologized to. You were the first to show him that Christmas isn’t about giving and getting, it is about love.”
Bark smiled, with a frown. “ What are you talking about? I only brought him cider.”
Father Winter pulled out a rolled up piece of exquisite paper. “ If you don’t mind, I want to read something to you…
Dear General
I want to say Merry Christmas. I know you cannot find any joy in those words but I do. I don’t know if you understand how important that is, but I hope you will by the end of this letter.
For the past few weeks I have felt memories coming back to me. Happy, cheerful memories of good times. Yet, these memories were only feelings. Feelings of pure joy, cheer, happiness, and family. Just seeing a Christmas tree brought out a smile in my heart. The notion of being with friends to celebrate filled me with joy.
General, you still have family and I am sure they miss you as much this time of year as I miss Frost, perhaps more. I do not have family. Whoever is out there that once called me son, brother, nephew, or maybe even husband, probably thinks that I am dead. I would give anything to be with people who love me as much as Bolts or Frosts family love them.
I had no choice, sir, in losing everything and becoming what I am today. I had no choice in being alone on Christmas. You have a choice. Your happiness is a part of you and I am sure it wants to be let out again. Christmas did not kill her, foolishness did. Now you are displaying the same foolishness in your hatred of the holiday for something that could not be changed. And it has turned you into a Grinch.
For me, I had to learn a lesson from Toshi sensei so that I could move on with my life. The past teaches you, the future is unwritten, but the present is what you have so make the best of it. What is lost, is lost. But what can be gained should not be denied simply because of your past. Christmas brings happiness to me for reasons that I don’t even remember, but I know that happiness is not from greed or selfishness, it is from love. I am going to celebrate Christmas tomorrow, even if it is just me and a little tree, what you do is up to you.

Merry Christmas
Joshua Henderson aka Bark”

Bark’s mouth was agape as he heard his letter he had written last night read back to him. Not only that, it was written down in beautiful handwriting when Bark had only typed it up. “ How did you get that?”
Father Winter set the paper down on the coffee table, “ Let’s just say that being me means that I can see things that most people don’t want to be seen. The General read this letter and he was up all night thinking about it. You didn’t just bring him a cup of cider and be bawled out by him, you gave him a piece of your mind. Few students survive long after doing that to the General, mind you. And none have yet to have such an impact upon his heart. Son, even with a foggy memory, you understand Christmas better than a lot of people out there.”
Bark would be blushing if his fur didn’t cover the color in his cheeks, “Thanks.”
“ What I am here for is to tell you that you need to go down to the arboretum and find him. He has been wandering around the shrubs for about three hours. He needs a friend right about now. My gift to him this year is making sure that you are there to show him that none of his scowling, barking, and grumpiness has dampened your spirit any.”
Bark was amused at the idea of The General barking. With a funny grin he thought, “ So, is he off the naughty list?”
Father Winter let out another hearty laugh, “ Oh, my dear boy, Henry was never on it. He was just too oblivious to my gifts to accept them. “
“What do you mean? I thought Santa put presents under the tree?”
He shook his head, “ No, son, your family and friends do that part. What I do is provide the encouragement of the season. I make sure that those who have been good people find the joy of Christmas around them. Receiving gifts from loved ones is just one way it comes to fruition. Now, why don’t you go and see him. I think it’s about time that little Henry finally celebrated Christmas again.”
Bark stood up and bowed a little to Father Winter, “ Thank you.”
The old man picked up the letter and held it out. “Take this with you. Remind yourself of the courage you felt when you wrote it. Henry can be an imposing person. Now, go and be Merry.”
Bark started to walk out when he turned and asked, “If it is okay to ask; what is my gift? Can I ask for something?”
Father Winter shook his head, “ I know that you want your memory back, but I do not have that kind of influence. Besides, your gifts are on their way as we speak. Now, go and have a very Merry Christmas.” With that Father Winter disappeared.
Bark stood there for a moment and shook his head. Did that really happen? He felt the roll of paper in his hand and held it up to look at the gold lettering. It certainly did happen, and here was the proof. But, would anyone believe him? He laughed and read his own words again, astonished at the way it all worked out. Then he noticed writing in the decoration around the page, it read, “And do not forget kindness to strangers, for by this, some who, while they were unaware, were worthy to receive Angels.”
Chapter 7 
A better Christmas Future 
Bark carefully entered the Arboretum. In one hand he held the odd little communicator device that Tobias had given him, in the other the letter. All the way down here he thought about his conversation with Father Winter. At first he was encouraged and ready to see The General, but as he approached his nerves started to take over. What if the General goes back to barking? What if he makes Bark run that fitness course for the next two days? No, he had a mission and he was going to fulfill it.
What the heck is that? Bark thought as he found a lone little evergreen tree. All over it were wads of red and green paper that had been balled up and then stuffed up into the branches. They were pages used for the reports that the instructors and The General had to fill out. Each page was the same information, but different colors filed in different places. Bark had seen piles of this stuff all over The Generals office, but never here, and never stuffed all over a tree. Then Bark noticed something even odder. Pinned to the top branch of this little tree was a tiny golden star. It was one that he recognized, but he wasn’t sure from where.
“So, I am the Grinch, am I?” The General’s sudden appearance caused poor Bark to leap into the air and make a single, loud yelp. His nerves were so bundled by the time he got here that just about anything could have set him off like that.  The General laughed, really, honestly laughed. “ Are you okay?”
Bark stopped looking so terrified and then gathered the items that he had dropped when he jumped up. He thought, “What are you doing sneaking up on me like that?” But The General did not have the ability to read his mind. Then Bark looked at the little communicator and smiled, he held it up to his forehead and thought again, “What are you doing sneaking up on me like that?” it came out clear and a little robotic.
The General was impressed, “I see Dr. Glyphs device actually works. Nice. And, I wasn’t sneaking up on anyone; I just got back from the bathroom, getting this.” He showed Bark a roll of toilet paper. Bark immediately frowned, not sure what the General was intimating. The General cleared his throat and then pointed at the tree, “ Just another decoration.”
It was then that Bark noticed the star missing on the General’s uniform. It was the same star that now adorned the top of the tree. This made Bark smile brightly, the General was celebrating Christmas. 
“Why don’t you help me?” The General held out the role of paper and showed Bark that he intended on using it like garland. It wasn’t exactly the pristine Christmas décor, but that did not make it any less meaningful.
Together they dressed the little tree with the paper, draping it as best as they could and trying not to tear it as they did. It was a bit sloppy, but it was the most beautiful tree that either had seen.
Afterwards Bark and The General sat on the grass and looked at their tree. By now Bark had realized that he only needed to hold the vocal processor near his head, not right on his forehead. Both men were smiling at their handiwork and having a good Christmas morning together.
The General gave Bark a serious look, “ I got your letter last night.”
Bark smiled and held out his copy from Father Winter, “ Yeah, I know. A friend gave this to me.”
Henry’s eyes lit up at the sight of the lovely paper. He carefully took the roll and opened it to see the very same message that had haunted him all night. “How…”
“ Father Winter paid me a visit this morning.”
The General was truly impressed, “Wow. I haven’t heard anything about him showing up in years.”
“You know him?”
Henry shrugged, “ Not really. The Alliance has been aware of his existence for some time. But, as you can probably guess, I sort of avoided any contact with that kind of person. And considering my attitude I would assume that he avoided me all the same.”
Bark shook his head, “ No, from what he told me he has been trying to get you in the Christmas spirit for years. I would guess that when you don’t want him, you can’t see him.”
“Very wise, young man.” The General nodded, then he looked down at the letter, “ To tell you the truth, when I first read this I was furious. I was going to make your life a living hell over it.” Bark noticeably got nervous at that notion, so the General lightened up, “ But it made sense. I read it again and started to understand what you were saying. I had allowed myself to become so bitter over Christmas that all I could remember was the tragedy in my past. I had friends and family who missed me as much as you miss a family. I wanted to deny them what I denied myself in spite and pettiness. You, a fresh student with little to gain by being so kind to me, reached out and handed me a piece of wisdom. I will probably spend years learning what it means to celebrate Christmas like I once did, but I am ready to start. And, Josh, I have you to thank for that.”
Bark was smiling, again the blush was hidden,  “ I just knew what I wanted to say and said it. “
The General let out a soft sigh, “ I am truly sorry, Bark. I don’t know what you are going through internally, to have so much taken from you, but I hope that you find a little of it here among us. Oh, and here.” He pulled an envelope out of his pocket and handed it to Bark. “ It’s for you.”
Bark smiled and took the envelope. Inside was an official notice for him to be able to take a week of leave whenever he wished. It was an unprecedented gift for a freshman of the ULH. “Wow, thanks. “
“ You didn’t get to have a fun week away like everyone else. Instead you were stuck up here with the Grinch.” Bark snickered. “ I guess it only makes sense that you should get a week off, we all need one now and then.”
Bark tucked the note back into the envelope, “ Thanks, I will use it wisely.”
“ You had better. That is the first Christmas gift I have given in over twenty five years.” He laughed at that, as did Bark.
“ Frost is never going to believe this.” Bark mused at the notion of what was happening right now.
The General shook his head, “ You can tell them that I am willing to celebrate Christmas again, just don’t talk about Melanie Hope yet.”
Bark smiled, “I understand. “
“Also, after the holiday break is over, I am the head of the ULH and you are a student again. “
Bark laughed, “Of course, sir.”
Frosts voice broke in just then, “What on earth is going on here?” Both Frost and Bolt came up with arm loads of packages and bewildered faces at the sight of the two men sitting in the grass and laughing.
Bark’s smile widened and he scrambled to get to his feet, “Frost.” His communicator called out. 
Her eyes bugged out and her smile also brightened, “You can talk?”
“ Yes, I can. Tobias made this for me. I just opened the present this morning.” He was holding the communicator right below his chin, not thinking too much about where it could be placed.
Frost grinned with a very sneaky smile, “ Perfect. Then I suppose I should give you your Christmas gift. Here.” She set down her packages and shuffled through them to find a large necklace jewelry box.
Bark took the box and opened it to find an extremely expensive dog collar inside. It was green and had a golden clasp to hold a tag. “ Uh….thanks?” he was a bit confused by it.
Bolt leaned over to see what it was and immediately started laughing. The General held in his snickers, but his face gave him away.
Frost huffed, “Ignore them. Let me,” she held out her hands and took both the collar and the vocal processor. Latching the processor on the tag link, she then reached around and wrapped the collar around Barks neck, so that the processor was dangling right in front of his Adams apple. “ There, perfect.”
Bark thought, “ Will it work?” and the processor produced the voice perfectly. He smiled and wagged his tail.
Bolt cleared his throat over and over to stop the laughing. He managed to say, “Well, I suppose it looks right….FOR A DOG!!” He busted out laughing again.
Frost had had enough of the cackling fool and decided to burst his bubble. She sexily stepped up to Bark and put both hands on his shoulders, then her fingers crawled up the sides of his neck and grasped each side of the collar and pulled his face toward hers and she planted a big, long, intense kiss on Barks face. Bark did not fight it at all. He took it and gave it back for a long time. Bolt’s laughter melted into coughing, and then a little envy.
The General cleared his throat, “Alright you two, that’s enough.”
Frost let go of Bark and wiped a little of her lipstick off of his face, “ Sure, for now anyway.” She was amused by the happily dazed expression in her man’s eyes. Glancing at Bolt Frost retorted, “Oh, look red cheeks and green eyes, how festive of you Bolt.”
Bolt looked at the General and saw the smile on his face, the missing star, and the poorly decorated tree. “ Do you mind telling me what is going on here? I got a letter about coming back for Christmas day, and I find you and Bark….celebrating?” he had a hard time saying that around The General, knowing the venom that normally expelled out of this man’s mouth over the holiday.
The General smiled, “ It seems that I learned a thing or two about Christmas from Bark here. Now, why don’t we head over to the simulator and turn on that wonderful program that you created. ”The General strolled off toward the exit.
Bolt and Frost looked at each other then at Bark. Frost asked, “What did you do to him?”
Bolt guessed, “Drugs?”
Bark laughed, “I will tell you all about it later.” He started sniffing the air, “Oooh, what is that delicious smell coming from you bags?”
Bolt opened a special cooler bag and showed them the various meats he had brought with him, “Just some trophies from a lot of successful hunts.”
Frost shook her head, but did not cringe. She then opened a shopping back to show a large tray of cookies, “Some of the best cookies made in San Fran, and I also brought herbal teas from the Japanese district.”
Bark took some of the bags and nodded to them to follow as he headed out. “Then, let’s go and have ourselves a fine Christmas day.”
Still bewildered, Frost and Bolt followed behind.

“I’m not coming out!” Bark stated from behind the bathroom door.
Frost stood there with her arms folded, “Come on, I want to see how it looks on you.”
“This is not exactly what I expected for Christmas.” Bark replied, still refusing to come out.
Bolt and The General were out on the deck of this simulated cabin, using the grill to cook some of the meats that Bolt brought back with him. Frost had forced Bark to open his second Christmas gift from her and go try it on. He did, but was refusing to step out of the bathroom wearing it.
Frost smiled sneakily and put her hand on the door, she used her powers to cause the air within the bathroom to get cold, very cold.
“HEY! What are you doing! Good grief!” Bark suddenly was about to freeze his tail off, among other things.
“It’s warmer out here.” She teased him.
“Fine, I’ll come out. But if Bolt snickers at me I am going to hide behind the tree for the rest of the day.” Bark made his point and then the door knob turned and he stepped out of the bathroom. He was no longer wearing his normal supersuit briefs, but a pair of fur briefs that were as red as a Santa costume with a fluffier white rim around the top. These were not a supersuit, thus they did not have the hard lining for male support, which showed a little more than he was comfortable in showing.
Bark gave off a little bit of a snarl to his upper lip, his eyebrows were flat and his eyes were annoyed. “ I look stupid.”
Frost laughed, “No, you are almost perfect. Wait..” she ran over and got a large red Santa hat from one of her bags and put it on his head, it encompassed both of his dog ears and fell down over his shoulder. She tapped her chin and looked at him with a critical eye, “One more thing.” She left and came back with a green ribbon and held it up to him, this time he backed away.
“Oh, no I am not putting tape against this fur.” He absolutely refused.
She showed him the patch of black Velcro where the tape would be, “It isn’t tape. Just let me try.” She pushed passed his blocking and stuck the Velcro up against his fur on his chest and the ribbon stuck. “There, see, it won’t rip hair out when you take it off. Now, you look very festive.”
Bark frowned and turned to look at a wall, “Computer, full length mirror.” He commanded and the simulator produced a full length mirror attached to the wall. He could see himself now and his disapproving eyes stayed disapproving. “ And this is supposed to be a gift for me?”
Frost came around from behind him, ran her hands all over him and then kissed the side of his neck. She looked at him in the mirror with the most seductively, sultry eyes he had seen on her, “No, it’s for me. I have always wanted a puppy for Christmas.”
Those disapproving eyes on him melted as his greedy smile grew, “Happy to oblige.”
She turned him around so that they were face to face and then she planted a great kiss on him. While they were embraced his collar said, “ I am glad that I had a gift for you then.”
Frost backed away from the kiss, a smile all over her face in humor, “I am going to have to get used to that collar of yours. I have never had a man who could talk and kiss at the same time.”
“ Dinners ready!” Bolt and The General came into the cabin, both carrying huge plates of grilled meats.
Both men stopped and looked at Bark. The General rolled his eyes while Bolt frowned and asked, “What happened to you?”
Bark sort of hid behind Frost as he answered, “ Just getting in the spirit.”
The General set his tray of meat on the table, “ It looks like you left some of your outfit in the dresser.”
Frost fixed Barks hat so it was sitting on his head just right, “Well, I like it.”
Bolt laughed and went to the table, “Whatever. Let’s eat, I am starving.”
Frost and Bark came to the table to join them, Frost went to the little kitchen to get a few other dishes she had prepared for their Christmas lunch.
Bark stopped and looked at Bolt, “So, what, no jokes about my outfit?”
Bolt patted Bark on the shoulder, “ On Christmas the smartass stays in bed. Besides, at this point, they would all be too easy. “
Bark smiled knowing that Bolt was being generous by not cracking jokes.
Everyone sat around the simulated wood table and held hands to say grace. Then dinner began. 	
Bark watched the others begin to fill plates. Before he filled his own he said, “I want to thank you all for coming back. My Christmas wish was to be able to remember at least one family member by now so that I would have someone to go home to. That simply didn’t happen. I assumed that my one wish wasn’t going to come true. Now, I believe that my Christmas wish came true after all. We may not be blood related, but you are my family now. Thank you. And, well, Merry Christmas.”

Thank you for reading this story. Look for the next Bark adventure coming in 2014. Also, if you enjoyed my work, please look for my other books currently available on Kindle and Nook as well as the other Bark books that you may have not read, though I hope you have before reading this one.
Other Titles by Daniel Peyton
The Crystal Needle
The Crystal Needle: A Christmas to Remember
