Seventh Mark
Part 1
Hidden Secrets Saga
Book I
By
W. J. May
Copyright 2013 by W.J. May
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase and additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual person, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

All rights reserved.
Copyright 2013 by W.J. May
Cover design by Chrissy Peebles

No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in articles and reviews.

Website: http://www.wanitamay.yolasite.com
Cover design by: Chrissy Peebles
Edits by: Regina Mitchell
The Hidden Secrets Saga
Book I + II – Seventh Mark
Book Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-_vVYC1gvo
Book II – Pride and Passion  Coming January 2014

Acknowledgments
To my husband and kids – Love you and all our crazy ways. I wouldn’t change it for anything!
Proper thanks—with jumping up and down cheering, waving hands and shouting at the top of my lungs needs to be sent out to:
Chrissy Peebles, for being such a great writing buddy and always available and willing to help. Thank for you for pushing met to get this story out, I’d have never done it without you.
Regina Mitchell, a lovely editor who I have no idea how she finds the time to edit so fast.
Patrick Griffith, who blows my mind with his talent on creating covers. Double thank you!
And above all else, to my Lord and Saviour who gave me this wild imagination.

Chapter 1
Ear buds stuffed in, I cranked the volume on my iPod and clicked my exercise shuffle. I jogged down the gravel driveway and turned to follow the last bit of sunset. If only I could draw or paint…
Crossing an intersection, I headed left and let my legs carry me away from the small houses, run-down yards, cracked door screens and broken-down cars into a block of bigger houses. The lawns rolled further away from the sidewalk and the houses grew farther apart. Maybe one day I’ll buy a place like this. I snorted at the thought. 
Even though I’d never admit it to anyone, a part of me is cursed. Like poison running through my veins, I’ve always believed it would catch up with me. I didn’t know the whys or hows, but deep down it seemed inevitable.
Except now fate intervened, and for once in my life, thank goodness. If it hadn’t, I wouldn’t be here, in this awesome place on the other side of the country. The whole curse thing was probably just in my head.
I gazed straight in front, between the old giant trees lining the roads. The jagged pink and white peaks reflected snow from the remains of the setting sun made me appreciate the beauty of nature. West coast, oh yeah! I smiled, unable to keep the giddiness inside. I’d lived all my life in Niagara Falls, but this—words couldn’t begin to describe this beauty.
Inhaling real fresh pine scent, not the kind from cleaning agents from the past two days, I savoured the moment. If Family and Children Services hadn’t approved Jim and Sally’s request, I wouldn’t be seeing real mountains for the first time. As quick as the bubble came up, it burst.
Next January I’d be eighteen and no longer at the benefit of the government. Jim and Sally were decent foster parents, but they also made it clear they couldn’t afford to help me with college. I quickened my pace. I didn’t want to think about where I might be in a year.
You’ll be on your own…no family. Nothing. Unwanted again. The imaginary little devil on my left shoulder laughed at me.
Music shouted in my ear, “You’re supposed to be alone. Alone…lone…lone…” I glanced at my left shoulder and pretended to flick the imaginary devil off, nearly crashing into the old high-stoned wall lining the neighborhood. Regaining my balance and focus, I pulled the iPod out of my pocket and skipped to the next song.
Street lights flickered on. My eyes had grown accustomed to the darkness without even letting my brain know. I should turn around before it’s completely black. Didn’t want to be out on my own when I barely knew the area. 
A gap ahead in the high wall caught my attention. Curiosity won. Instead of heading back, I pushed forward. A public park entrance came into view. Heavy black iron gates led me onto a smooth paved entrance. A large raised garden split the road in two.
A plaque set into the garden’s stone wall made me smile. End of an Era. From the raised stones peeking behind the garden flowers, this was a cemetery, not a park. The owner obviously had a sense of humor along with the desire to create one of those resting places with a welcome. A twenty-something looking woman whizzed by on roller blades, waving as she passed. 
The pathways were lit up with those new solar green energy lights. I took the first lane along the outer border and slowed my pace. The tall slate and marble gravestones were erected on the left side with an ancient forest lining the right. As I jogged, I passed through a part of the cemetery that must’ve been the original lot with worn-down, ancient-looking stones. I paused or weaved between the stones to read the odd one:  “1886 John Hartzel -- 18 years of age, 1892 Patrick O’Reilly -- died too young, Tammy Fortune 1802 -1822.” What’s with this place? Can’t come here if you’re over thirty? 
Squinting, I jogged closer to a raised tombstone with a concrete angel resting on top. Using my hand, which carried my iPod, I rested it on the corner of the stone to steady myself. I leaned forward for a better look at the inscription. Poor thing, same age as the others. I straightened and pushed off to finish my run. The cord from my iPod snagged the angel’s head, yanking the buds from my ears—the iPod went flying from my hand.
“Crap!” I skidded to a stop on the damp grass and used my palms to hug my ears. It hurt like a bitch. I glanced up at the stone figurine and grimaced. Imagine trying to decapitate an angel. People were probably rolling in their graves right now. 
Double crap! My iPod. It better not be busted. Night had fully descended, which didn’t work in my favor. I got down on my knees and began groping in the dark, futilely trying to scan the grass.  The little solar lights were useless. “Of course, I had to buy the black case,” I mumbled and shook my head as I crawled to check under a nearby bench. Cobwebs caressed my face, which had me doing a karate twitch dance as I tried to knock off any possible spiders and remove the webs.
A twig snapped, followed by a muffled laugh.
I froze, waiting, tense, my head cocked to the side. It was dead quiet. As it should be in a cemetery. No noise. Not a sound. 
“Dummy.” I got out from under the bench, sat up and brushed off my sweatshirt. It’d taken months to save for the iPod. I dropped down to search again clawing at chunks of grass. I’m not leaving till I find it, even if I have to swallow some hairy, icky spiders.
“You lose something?” A low, gruff voice broke through the dark. “Or are you digging your own grave?”
Chapter 2
My heart leapt to my throat. I smacked my head on the bottom of the bench. “Flippin’ heck!” I scrambled back, rubbing the sore spot, paranoid about how high my butt hung in the air. My luck, it was probably some graveyard rapist.
The stranger said nothing. All I could see was the outline of a pair of dark with white Converse sneakers.  I noisily sucked in a rapid breath, not realizing I’d held it.
“Sorry,” the husky male voice said, sounding amused. “I didn't mean to startle you. This probably isn’t the best place to sneak up on someone.” He cleared his throat. “Are you looking for something?”
His voice turned soft, but masculine. Not the kind of voice you expected to hear in a cemetery.
Then again, what kind of voice would one expect to hear?
I glanced up then fell back on my butt. A boy standing a few feet away from me definitely didn’t belong in a cemetery. Too tanned, too blond, too…wow, hot. 
Very tall, especially from where I sat on the ground. I had to make an effort to drag my eyes away from his face. Even in the dark, his blue eyes flashed against the moonlight. He had the blondest hair I’d ever seen, like a Viking’s.
Not a psycho or kidnapper, just a kid like me. I relaxed and stood, brushing my shorts. Why are you in the cemetery? I didn’t bother to ask. He probably wondered the same about me. With my luck, he’d just visited his girlfriend’s tombstone. Man, I’m awful.
I quickly shut my mouth, which hung open. Coughing, I spoke a little too loudly. “I-I lost my iPod.”
Another chuckle erupted from his lips, sounding like it belonged in the movies. Hollywood-boy walked around me and behind the upright stone angel. He bent down behind it and pulled a long, white string. My eyes widened and for a split second I thought about running. What did he plan on doing? Strangling me?
Then it dawned on me, the white string belonged to my ear buds. A sure sign when the iPod followed along, like a fish on a line. The wind caught behind me and blew escaped ponytail hair into my face. Irritated, I brushed it away from my eyes.
He paused before turning back around. “It smells…” he inhaled “…like liquorice.”
I sniffed. “It smells like dead people. Well, like damp grass.” The lawn looked to have been cut a couple of days ago. Clumps of old grass lay under the cement bench, emitting a rotten smell like old cheese.
He straightened and flashed a smile, his teeth bright against the dark of night. “You’re not from around here, are you?” He held out my iPod and dropped it onto my outstretched hand.
“Got here yesterday.” I stuffed the iPod in my pocket. “Thanks. I’m Rouge.”
An eyebrow disappeared behind his hair. “Michael.” He grinned and held out his hand which I shook lightly.
Pleasantly cool. They’d feel good on my cheeks which are freakin’ burning right now. That thought made them flame even more.
“The iPod didn’t manage to pull your ears off?”
“You caught that?” Now I wanted to crawl into one of the graves.
“I rounded the bend…” he pointed in the opposite direction from where I’d come, “…when I noticed you trying to decapitate this poor angel here.” He patted the figure.
I sensed a smile in his voice.
He cleared his throat and took a step back.
“What’re you doing in the cemetery?” I blurted, unable to hide my curiosity.
“Taking a break.” He grinned like he’d made a joke. “Are you going to continue your run?” He shifted like he was surprised he had asked the question. He cleared his throat. “Otherwise I can walk with you to the main road.”
“I think it’s safer if I walk.” We started towards the main road. “Do you live around here?” I grimaced at the needy sound in my voice.
“Not too far.”
 “My place is that way.” I pointed to the left.
“I’m that way.” He nodded in the other direction.
We continued in silence while I wracked my brain trying to come up with something witty to say.
“Well, maybe I’ll see you around.” I stared at my runners. Brilliant, Rouge. Brilliant.
“Welcome to Port Coquitlam, Rouge.” He started off without a glance back.
I stood admiring his…could jeans really fit that perfect on a rear end? I forced my eyes away. “He’s a guy, not a god.” My gaze flicked back when a low, bouncy noise sounded. Did he just laugh?
His pace never slowed nor did he turn around.
I started slowly jogging home. My heart stuttered and flopped against my chest. I didn’t know if it came from the near fright or the closeness of the very hot boy.
Michael was on my mind that night and again when I woke the next morning. Where did he live? Would he be at school? He seemed so cool and together. Usually I avoided guys in general, and if one did catch my eye, dark-hair, brown eyes and brooding were the prerequisite.
The next evening, I jogged to the cemetery, grinning when I passed the angel, and gave her a wink. Then I headed north, the way Michael had gone when he left last night. What were the chances I’d actually find his street, let alone his house? I stopped mid-street and turned to walk home—stalker wasn’t one of my personality traits.
Friday morning I couldn’t stand it anymore. I had to get out of Jim and Sally’s house to escape and clear my thoughts. They’d been bickering non stop about fixing the house, Sally’s job, Jim’s lack of a job and anything else which seemed to pop into their heads.
Through the grey clouds, the air hung heavy with a cool breeze hinting at an end-of-summer storm. The sun kept trying to poke its way through the dark. 
As I headed out the front door, I grabbed a baseball cap in case it rained and walked towards the high school. Figuring out where a few of my classes were would save wandering the halls next week.
The limestone near the front entrance of the high school had 1922 imprinted on it. The buildings were created with copper red brick throughout and had large windows on both floors. The school might be small, but its structure was unique. An architectural plaque, showing the school’s layout, hung plastered into the brick. In the center lay a courtyard, like that of an old castle.
The very posh building and grounds reminded me of the kind of boarding schools in movies or books. It made me nervous. I hadn’t fit into the big high school back in Niagara Falls. What were the chances I’d fit in here, a small school? I kicked a pebble on the sidewalk. It was only one year, so it didn’t really matter what happened. I just needed to keep up my grades to score some sort of scholarship. Thank goodness school came easy – science, math, even English – just don’t put me in choir or art, and I’d be fine.
Running up the wide steps, I made my way inside the building. The school secretary was busy printing off papers and stuffing them into envelopes. She glanced up as the office door creaked. She wore a frilly dress that matched her horn-rimmed glasses. She might have been here when the school first opened. She smiled and walked towards the front counter.
“You must be Rouge Riding. Welcome to Port Q High. I’m Ms. Graid.”
“It’s Rouge, like row with a ‘g’ sound at the end. Spelled R-O-U-G-E; like the way the French spells red.” One day, I’d shake the crap out of the person who named me. I smiled. “My last name’s actually Rid-ding. Just spelled like your driving in a car.” Someone had a good laugh writing my birth certificate. “I thought I should come by before school started to make sure all my transcripts came through.” 
“Just printed off your schedule.” She chirped like a bird. Those glasses gave her owl eyes and didn’t flatter her round face. “You don’t have any free time this semester, but from the looks of your grades, you won’t have a problem.”
“Thanks.” I took the papers she held out and glanced over the schedule.
Ms. Graid handed me a map of the school, with my classes numbered and highlighted. This woman had too much time on her hands. She’d organized and color coordinated my class schedule with additional highlighting and smiley faces. I made a mental note to memorize the map before I got caught holding it when school started.
“Thanks again.” I smiled. I was sure she meant well.
“Be sure and check in any time. I’m always here to help.” She hummed some ancient, classical-sounding tune as she returned to stuffing envelopes.
I walked out of the office and decided to follow her little map around the school while it was empty. It didn’t take long to find my way around; the setup of the small building was very basic. I loved the outdoor courtyard in the center. Every surrounding classroom had a view of it.
Stuffing the map in my backpack, I headed down a flight of stairs to make my way to the front entrance. As I passed the front office, a pretty, petite girl walked out. I didn’t mean to but I couldn’t help staring. She reminded me of someone. I couldn’t place who. She had gorgeous blonde hair, long and in a million braids. Her eye color made me think of Niagara Falls. They were bright on her bronzed face. This girl…definitely one of the popular ones.
“You new?” Her gaze roamed me up and down.
I nodded. Her voice had a tone of confidence mine would never have.
She linked her arm through mine and steered me towards the exit. “I drove here. ’Bout time someone new showed up.” Her leg kicked out and she tapped the handicap button by the front doors, letting the door open automatically. “I’m Grace and we need something fun for Saturday.”
“Fun? Saturday?” I tried scratching my head. However, being tugged at an almost sprinting speed, I only managed to tug my fingers through my curly hair. I kind of liked her free spirit and crazy pushiness. Who wouldn’t be curious if this girl was nuts or actually fun?
“I forgot. You don’t know anything yet.” A cascade of laughter erupted from her. “Sorry. The senior class has a party the weekend before school starts. You’ll come, right?”
It wasn’t like my plans were laid out for the weekend. I might get to see Michael if he attended the high school. Except, in the few moments I spent with him, he seemed older somehow. Grace was like one giant fireball of energy. Someone who chattered, so I wouldn’t have to. “Sure. Sounds nice.”
Her vice-grip on my arm released when we came to the world’s tiniest car.
“It’s a smart car. Awesome, isn’t it?” Grace patted the bonnet.
I pointed my finger at a pair of pink fuzzy dice hanging off the mirror. “I think they’re bigger than your car.”
Grinning, Grace unlocked the doors. “My brother got those for me.” She rolled her eyes but patted the dice affectionately. “Oh shoot, I didn’t even ask.” She smacked her head. “Do you need to stop by your place before we head to the mall?”
 “Probably a good idea.” A change of clothes seemed required. I felt underdressed. I didn’t have loads of money, but it wouldn’t hurt to check out the mall.
Grace zoomed out of the school lot and headed in the direction I pointed. She swung the little car on my street and then slammed on the brakes right in front of the house. Freaky, as I’d only pointed and never said the house number. 
She jumped out of the car faster than I could get my seat belt off. I stepped out and pulled at my shirt, not in a rush to go inside. Grace just seemed a lot classier than my dilapidated house. 
“I, uh, live here with my foster folks…” 
“No way! My brother and I are adopted. I totally know the feeling.” She smiled. The sympathy in her eyes too much for me.
“Maybe similar, but trust me, it’s completely different.” I pulled out my house key. “I get the feeling your folks are pretty well off. Jim and Sally are, well…they just are…They work hard, but…” Not knowing what else to say, I turned and headed towards the front porch. The neighborhood and house spoke better than I could. 
Grace followed on my heels, but I didn’t miss the funny look on her face. When I opened the front door, she pinched her nose. Her face screwed up tight. 
“Sorry. It’s bleach. We’ve been cleaning and painting.”
She coughed, politely covering her mouth and dropping all expression from her face. “It’s fine. It just caught me by surprise.” She glanced around. “The place is, uh, cute.”
Jim lay on the couch watching TV in dirty jogging pants and a paint-stained shirt, one of those ugly wife-beater tank tops. He lowered the volume with the remote and waved before looking over. Then his thumb hit the wrong button and channels started flickering past when he noticed Grace. Obviously at a loss for words, Jim sat up, his mouth hanging open. In the past three years, I’d never brought anyone home, and Grace was probably the prettiest thing he’d ever come in contact with.
“My room’s upstairs,” I mumbled.
“Hu-llo there.” A weird smile crossed his face as he stared at her. 
Is he actually trying to flirt with her? Gag! Any minute he’d be salivating like a dog – all I needed was a bell.
I grabbed her wrist and pulled her towards my room. Her eyes were wide and bright blue. She didn’t say anything, but as soon as we got into my room, she went straight to my open window and took a few deep breaths.
“Sorry ’bout that.” My cheeks refused to stop burning. I grabbed my black miniskirt and threw a turquoise shirt over my white tank top. Pulling my pony holder out, I shook my tangles out, ran a finger through my hair and then clipped a small barrette to hold most of my bangs away from my face. Far from stunning, but at least it looked decent.
Thank goodness Jim was absent from the living room when we left. Hopefully to shower and change. 
Two steps outside, I started laughing. 
Grace stared at me, one eyebrow raised. “Sorry. I just wasn’t expecting…I don’t know what I expected.” 
“Not taken personally.” I grinned. “He’s never acted like that before. He’s harmless, honest.” At least she hadn’t taken off running. If she could handle that, she was definitely friend-worthy.
Both giggling, we got into her car. “How did you end up with them?”
“I didn’t have much of a choice.” I shrugged. “The system kept me stuck inside it. I got bounced around a lot back in Niagara Falls, and when I landed with Jim and Sally…I’ve been with them through most of high school and when Sally got the job transfer, she an’ Jim asked if I wanted to come with them. I said yes. I have to stay until I graduate.” I tried not to let my frustration and disappointment leak into my words. “I never got adopted. It supposedly took the system forever to try and locate either of my parents, which they never did, and by the time they stopped searching, I wasn’t the newbie baby parents wanted to adopt.” I absently stared out the window as we drove. Why did I just tell Grace my sob story? It’d never been a self-pity point for me and I turned eighteen in January, so it wouldn’t matter much longer.
“Screw shopping. Do you want to come over to my place and watch a movie instead?” She swung the little car around, doing a one eighty. “We can dig through my closet and find something for each of us.”
We passed End of an Era cemetery. I held my breath, something I’d always done as a kid whenever I drove by one. Michael crossed my mind. I quickly pushed him out. “Sounds good.” My breathing resumed as the car travelled by houses and left the cemetery behind.
The road became more hilly, the houses sparse. Grace made a sharp turn, the little wheels squealing in protest. The long driveway lay between luscious green grass and red maple trees with the biggest leaves I’d ever seen. 
House wasn’t the right word to describe where she lived. Church or castle seemed more fitting. Built out of limestone with beautiful architectural detail, there were unique carvings in the bricks. Gorgeous. It took my breath away.
Grace mumbled something I didn’t hear. She parked her car between a dark blue Mustang and a black Mondeo. 
A sudden wave of nervousness flushed through my veins. Some weird urge to jump out of the car and run nagged at my insides. Chewing my pinkie fingernail, I tried to squash the jitters. Why in the world did it feel like I wasn’t supposed to be here?

Chapter 3
“Are you coming?” Grace held my door open as she peered in the little car. Her forehead creased then quickly disappeared when she smiled. “Caleb’s a bit dramatic.” She laughed at some private joke as I stepped out.
I frowned. “Caleb?”
“Yeah…Yeah, my adoptive father.” She gave her head a slight shake, her hair sparkling in the porch light’s reflection against the now growing darkness outside. The sun must have given up trying to get through the clouds, and called it an early night. “There’s a royal air about him. It’s hard to explain. You’ll see when you meet him.” 
“Air?”
“Bad joke.” She giggled. “I meant h-e-i-r, like he pretends to be a king.” She rolled her eyes. “He designed the house.”
I didn’t get the joke, but I’d never been great with parents or any adults. Probably why part of me wanted to stay outside. Another part begged to step inside and find the peace this place had to offer. 
The front steps led to large wooden doors with multi-colored stained glass insets. Grace pushed one open and ushered me in. “My room’s upstairs. Let’s check out what I’ve got to wear for Saturday.” She kicked off her ballet flats and started up the stairs, turning to wait for me.
The place screamed rich. I bet old money since everything looked antique. Grace said Caleb built it, but the house seemed from before this century. Maybe the guy dug reproductive stuff and had it all done to look ancient – like the stuff belonged in a palace somewhere. The cool windows probably made rainbows on the walls. They ran all the way to the second floor with an open concept view. A great room. I remembered studying it in an architecture class at my old high school.
Grace led the way up the winding staircase to the first door on the left. Why am I so comfortable around her? Like I’ve known her forever and yet we’ve barely just met. 
Grace chattered at the top of the stairs, “I know what it’s like to be the new kid. If I’d had someone to show me around, it would’ve made things a lot easier.”
Her massive room had a king-size bed and four matching dressers, everything painted with bright and fresh colors. Stepping into her closet, I barely made it two feet. It was easily three times the size of my bedroom. Hundreds of clothes dangled on hangers, organized by color and type. Dresses hung on one side, skirts, pants, tops and blouses on the other. Massive shelves, with more shoes than I dared count, climbed to the ceiling. “Maybe you need to seek professional help.” I laughed, setting my bag on one of the shelves. “Too bad you’re so tiny, or I’d borrow a third of your clothes. You wouldn’t even notice them missing!”
Grace bounced up and down, like an elegant ballet dancer. “Tiny? That’s your polite way of saying I’m short? Ha!” She grinned. “You’re just tall. Everything’ll fit but my pants.” She twirled around the closet. “Sleep over on Saturday. We can get to know each other. It’ll be fun.” 
Her face looked so hopeful. Even with the weird nagging feeling still pulling at my gut, I couldn’t say no. “Twist my ar—” I stopped mid-sentence when her door flew open. 
“Gracey. You smell something? I smelled it all the way down--”
My heart stuttered a few beats before racing out of control. There, in the closet door frame, stood Michael.
His head whipped from Grace to me. Heat rose on my face. I dropped my gaze to my hands. Grace’s brother. It suddenly felt like I’d unconsciously used her to find him. They looked exactly alike. Why didn’t I put it together sooner?
Grace ran over to him. “Michael, knock before coming in. I tell you that all the time.”
“No you don’t. It’s nev—”
“This is Rouge.” She rubbed her neck. “She’s new. A senior at Port Q.”
“Hello.” His voice made me melt and freeze all over—like fire and ice.
“Ha-hello.” I cleared my throat. “It’s, uh, nice to see you again.”
“You know each other?” Grace’s head swung back and forth between the two of us.
“We ran into each other the other night – that’s all.” Michael's eyes never left my face. He inhaled, stepped out of the room and disappeared down the hall. A door slammed shut and, seconds later, loud music hit the air.
I wanted to disappear. Could his disgust be any more obvious? “I went running in the cemetery. I didn’t know he’s your brother. We just met one time…he helped me find my iPod.”
Grace came over and waved her hand. “Michael’s, like, kind of abrupt. He’s lousy with socializing. What were you doing running in a cemetery at night?” She paused then held up a finger. “On second thought, don’t answer.”
A burning between my shoulder blades reminded me I needed to relax. I took a deep breath. Screw it. Not worth the time.  I’d be out of here after graduation so it wasn’t like I had to hang out with him or try to be friends. Nice try, Rouge. You still think he’s cute.
 “Don’t you dare change our plans for Saturday.” Grace must have thought my silence meant I didn’t want to be here. She picked out some clothes, led me out of the closet, then flipped the light off. “I’ll tell Michael to get lost for the night. He could do with getting a life.”
“No. Don’t worry. I’m still coming.” I swallowed, glancing down the long hall as we headed for the stairs. “How old is Michael?”
“Just slightly older and trust me, he never lets me forget. I hate to admit it sometimes, but he’s actually my real brother. Sarah and Caleb adopted both of us.”
She took me through the living room, which had a huge flat screen TV and an awesome sound system. One of those wireless ones. The furniture looked antique and expensive, but very comfortable, like it was meant to be sat in. The beige and bright white accents of the room made the abstract artwork on the walls seem like they were painted right where they hung.
A woman, as stunning as Grace, sat at a desk near the window. They could almost pass as sisters. Both had similar features -- the same perfectly tanned skin and beautiful ocean blue eyes. She also had the same extremely feminine physique, but more muscular. She probably did Yoga or Pilates ten times a day.
She had to be Sarah, Grace’s adoptive mom. Sarah’s blonde hair skimmed her shoulders. She grinned and leaned against the desk, her chin fitting perfectly into her little hand. “Hello.”
“Sarah, this is Rouge.”
“Nice to meet you.” I was jealous of her perfect-sounding voice. Bold, sensual and like she feared nothing.
 Grace pointed to a burnt red colored door on the other side of the living room. “That’s Caleb’s office.”
The room fell silent at the mention of his name. The butterflies in my tummy started dancing again. I’d never met the guy, so why should I be nervous about his office?
“He’s out this evening.” Sarah stared at Grace. “A meeting out of town.”
The butterflies settled a little, or maybe one managed to escape. I clenched my teeth together. Urrgghh…I hated being nervous.
“Is it okay if we watch a movie in here? If you’ve got work to do…” Grace spoke oblivious to my inner battle.
“Go ahead. I’m going to clean the kitchen then run some errands.” As she stood, a beautiful silver pendant caught my eye. I leaned slightly closer to see the detail but never got the chance. Sarah tucked it inside her blouse.
We settled in to watch the movie. I didn’t remember half of it; my mind kept wandering back to the boy upstairs.
When it finished we both stretched and headed to the hall. “I’d better get you home. Heaven forbid I get you in trouble.”
I laughed. “You won’t. Jim and Sally aren’t much bothered when I come or go.” I sighed when I realized I didn’t have my key. “Shoot! I left my purse upstairs.” I pictured it where I’d dropped it in her closest on one of the shelves. “Just let me run up and grab it.”
“I’m gonna grab a bottle of water. Want one too?” Grace turned back towards the living room and the kitchen beyond.
“Sure.” I darted up the stairs two at a time, counting my steps. I sneaked a quick peek down the empty, door-closed hall.
My purse lay right where I’d left it. Head down I checked for my keys as I ran out of Grace’s room. I glanced up in time to bump straight into someone’s chest. Michael’s. His hands reached for my elbows. I froze. He smelled so good – husky, masculine and something that made me want to close my eyes and inhale so deeply the scent saturated my lungs.
It took all my willpower to step back. Why he didn’t move away first skittered across my mind.
“Sorry,” I whispered. “Didn’t see you.”
“It’s fine.” His voice came out husky.
“Did you find it?” Grace called out from the bottom of the stairs.
Michael flinched and dropped his hands. He stepped aside to let me by. “Sorry.”
For bumping into me? Or for earlier? I had no idea.
“Good night, Rouge,” he spoke quietly. The way he said my name, I would have done anything he wanted. No one had ever put that much meaning into one little word.

Chapter 4
“Folklore.” Something about the cover made me stop working. The leather was warm in my hands, even when all the other books were cool from being in storage.
It was Saturday morning. I’d gotten a job at The Eclectic Bookstore. Liza, my new boss, asked me to sort through inventory which needed filing. Liza had a natural Goth appearance and couldn’t be older than thirty.
The store sold new and old stuff. She handed me a cardboard box of books and asked me to enter the bar codes into the computer or create titles in her system if they didn’t have an ISBN number. Not as confusing as it sounded. Once I typed in the number, the title would show up and if it didn’t I just entered the title and author, her computer did the rest. It wasn’t the most exciting job, but at least I’d have spending money and hopefully be able to put a bit away for after graduation.
Halfway through, I’d found the leather book.
Everything around me melted away, except the raised contours of some kind of beasty animal on the cover. So lifelike I wondered if it’d been hand drawn from a photo instead of being some made-up creature. Gingerly, afraid I might crack the leather, I opened the front cover and checked for a date. Apparently it had been written pre-copyright days. I flipped through, my fingers running across thick parchment and ink blotted pages. A noise inside the shop snapped me out of my reverie. I set it aside, figuring I’d ask Liza how much it cost.
The rest of the morning I spent sorting and stocking books. They all seemed to cover stories about witches, warlocks and other immortal legends. Liza had mentioned she loved old fairy tales and their history. She dressed the part and seemed to have that eerie, far-away thought and conversation process. She had the personality to suit it as well. I loved it.
When we finished mid-afternoon, she picked up the leather book I’d set aside. “Interested?”
I shrugged. “It looks old.”
She tossed it at me. “Keep it. A bonus for your first day.”
Catching it like a football, I hugged it to my chest. “You sure? I can pay for it.”
Shaking her head, she laughed. “It’s okay to accept a freebie once and a while. Trust me, it always feels better to give than to receive.”
“Except if you give everything away, you’ll go broke.” I tried to stop a grin but it managed to escape. “Thanks. See you later.” I stuffed the book into my backpack and headed out the front door.
After the dimness of the shop, the bright sun blinded me. I squinted against its glare. Slipping my other arm through the backpack strap I froze momentarily when a car sped behind me. I jumped to the other side of the sidewalk when it screeched against the curb.
“What the –”
Grace’s little Smartcar stopped within inches of my feet.
“Need a lift?” The fuzzy dice still swung from her crazy driving.
“You’re nuts!” I pounded my chest, trying to restart my heart.
She chuckled and grinned. “You’re fine. I stopped in plenty of time.” She revved the sewing machine engine. “You heading somewhere or all finished?”
I opened the passenger door and got in. “I started a part-time job today.”
 “At The Eclectic Bookstore?”
“Yeah, how’d you know?”
“I saw you leave the store and swung the car around. Ready for tonight?”
“Sure. Just need to grab my stuff.”
We drove to my place. Once there, she played with the car keys and glanced towards the house.
“I’ll just run in and grab my stuff.” I opened the passenger door and tossed my backpack in the back. I dashed inside, thankful Jim and Sally weren’t home to question me. I left a note on the fridge:  “Sleeping at a new classmate’s. Text my cell if you need me.” Throwing my already packed bag over my shoulder, I was out again in less than three minutes.
Grace leaned across the seat and swung the car door open for me. I tossed my bag with my backpack and then jumped in. “Ready.”
“Awesome. Let’s get outta here.”
At her house we went straight to her room. Grace ran down and grabbed a fruit tray so we could snack, chill on her bed and listen to music.
“I wonder what the weather’s supposed to be like tonight.” I glanced out the window toward the clear blue sky.
Grace jumped off the bed and strolled to the closet. “Cloudy by the lake. It’ll be cool, but I’ve got the perfect scarf for you.”
“Do you know the forecast after the weekend?” I joked.
“It’ll be nice, not too sunny, typical weather for the beginning of September.”
“Thanks, weather woman.” I laughed. “Didn’t know you were such of fan.”
She smiled. “I like to be able to coordinate my outfits to match the temperature outside.” Making a face, she tossed a scarf at me.
“Fair enough. Where’s the rest of your family?” I tried not to sound like I cared if her brother was home.
“Caleb and Michael are probably working, and Sarah’s getting some groceries. She’s very excited you’re sleeping over.”
“What does Caleb do?” Rob banks? The house was freakin’ huge.
“He’s…uh…He’s head of a big, important company…uh…dealing with medical stuff.” She disappeared back into the closet.
 At least the guy had a job. I had no intention of prying as I knew the feeling too well. “What’re you wearing tonight?” The perfect question to entertain Grace.
“I went shopping today. Got an amethyst colored top and black skinny jeans.” She came out dressed in new clothes. Her pants enveloped her toned legs and the top was glued to her skin in all the right places. Even the color of the fabric made her skin glow. I wished I could look like that. An outfit hung neatly over her arm. “Here’s yours.”
“I took the clothes held out to me, catching the price on a silver tank top and awesome matching black half-jacket. It was over a hundred bucks. I’d have to work three weeks to afford it. “You bought me stuff? I thought I was just going to borrow something to wear. I’ll have to pay you back.”
“You won’t. It’s a gift and it’d be rude if you didn’t accept it.” The corners of her mouth twitched like a playful kitten’s and her eyes sparkled.
“That’s not the point.” I didn’t know how to explain I didn’t want hand outs.
“Please. I wanted to.” She signed. “I promise I won’t do it again.”
Far from an expert in gift receiving, I did know what to do or say.
My silence must have been an okay for her. She grinned. “Just check the sizes and ignore the prices tags.”
I slipped on the pants and top, somehow not surprised she’d guessed my size perfectly.
“Full-length mirrors in the closet.” She followed close behind as I went to the mirrors. “Hey, cool birthmark.” She lightly touched the bottom corner of my left scapula. “It looks like some kinda shape.”
I’d never paid much attention to it. As a kid I wondered if my birthmother noticed it when, or if, she ever held me. I reached behind, pulling the top’s strap to try and cover it. “It’s in one of those awkward spots. I can’t really see it.” I stared at my strange, but pretty, reflection in the mirror.
“You look great.” Grace beamed from behind me in the mirror’s reflection.
I’d personally never bought something in this style, but Grace had taste. The outfit made my long skinny arms and legs look muscular and sexy. Turning sideways, I checked to see how the pants fit my butt. I actually had one in them. “I owe you big time.”
I searched the mirror for her face. Focussing past her, my breath caught as I noticed Michael behind her, leaning against the closet doorframe. He’d slipped quietly into the room unnoticed. He stared at me in the mirror, his eyes bright, but his expression closed off when his gaze met mine.
He cleared his throat. “You, uh, you’re…pretty.”
“Oh no you don’t!” Grace shouted at him, waving her hands wildly in his direction. “She’s coming out with me tonight. If you want to hang out with Rouge, you ask her out when she’s available. After tonight, I don’t think that’s going to be for a very long time. You might as well get in line!”
Michael frowned, deep lines etched in his forehead. They quickly disappeared when he smirked. “No probs. Caleb asked me to drop you two off and pick you up.”
Why? The strange, secretive look that passed between them kept me silent.
 Grace leaned forward and pulled the price tags off of my clothes. “Caleb just worries.” She turned to Michael. “If you’re driving, you aren’t planning on staying, are you?”
“Not really.” His eyes flitted back and forth as he looked at Grace. “Just let me know should you need me.”
Was I somehow missing part of the conversation?
“Fine, then.” Grace cleared her throat. “Shall we go?”
Outside, we walked single file toward the parked cars. Grace climbed into the back of a Mustang and pulled the seat back so I had no choice but to sit in the front.
I scowled at her. I was nervous and had no skills around guys. I’d be better hiding out in the back, listening and pretending to participate in the conversation.
Michael must have caught my expression because he chuckled as he got into the driver’s seat. Nervous, I plopped down in the seat beside him and fumbled with the seat belt. He reached over and took it from me to click it in. I let out a small gasp as our hands touched. His hand went from ice cold to searing hot.
A current of hot and cold seared up my arm, all the way to my shoulder. My free hand instinctly went to my shoulder. I rubbed it. The weirdest hot and cold sensations assaulted my palm.
Grace chattered the entire ride out to the park. I kept trying to listen, but Michael’s close proximity made it impossible to concentrate.
“Rouge?” Grace tapped my shoulder, making me jump. “Are you going to get out or just stay in the car?”
I glanced out the window. We’d parked along a line of trees with a sandy beach off to the right. “Sorry.” I fumbled with the catch in my seat belt, trying to get out as fast as I could, heat burning my face and neck.
Michael got out and held his seat back forward so Grace could crawl out, their heads bent close, talking quietly. His face was etched with concern, but I couldn’t miss Grace mutter, “I can take care of myself -- and Rouge.”
 Michael set his lips in a thin line. “Fine. Have fun.” He jumped into the Mustang and sped away.
“Everything all right?” Too bad they fought. I wouldn’t have minded trying to talk to him, or simply having him near would’ve been fine with me.
“We’re good.” Grace pulled on my jacket and pointed toward the noise on the beach. “Michael’s a little, um, overprotective. Caleb’s made him that way. Michael worries way too much about me, and it’s obvious he doesn’t want you to get hurt either. He likes you. He just won’t admit it yet.”
“What?” I stopped walking and put my hand on her forearm. My heart skipped every other beat.
“He’s my brother. Trust me, he likes you.” She rolled her eyes. “The look on his face was priceless when he walked into my room. You’re definitely going to make some first impressions this evening too.”
I’d rather hang out by the shadows. However, if Michael might be interested, I think could handle a little spotlight. My face scorched. “You sure about Mi—”
“Positive.” Grace laughed. “Come on. Let me introduce you to our senior class, and I’ll point out the cute boys. We might as well make Michael jealous while we’re here.”
We made our way through the parked cars towards the music. Someone had attached huge stereo speakers to a pickup backed onto the sand. Outdoor lawn torches, which also seemed to keep the bugs at bay, were set up to maximize lighting the area. Lawn chairs lay scattered around the fire pit and small groups were all over the place.
“So, which one of these cliques is yours?” I wished I’d just worn a sweatshirt and no makeup.
“I kind of float around. We've lived here three years, and I still kind of feel like the new girl.”
Definitely a popular girl. Grace had no idea what being the new girl actually meant.
Skipping the pathway, we climbed over large boulders and jumped the three foot drop onto the beach. Somehow, Grace had gotten her shoes off before we landed, her feet barely making an impression in the sand. My Mary Janes filled instantly with the cool particles, but I chose to keep them on.
“Heads up!”
A football flew in our direction. I ducked out of the way while Grace caught it with one hand, not even pausing in her stride. A cute, dark-haired, athletic-looking boy came jogging up.
“Nice catch, G!” He skidded to a stop. “Whoa, wait a moment. Who’s the new hot-chick?”
“Simon, your ball.” Grace tossed the football expertly. “This is Rouge.”
Simon bowed dramatically. “Welcome to Port Q High’s unofficial before-school-starts official party night.” He held out his hand.
“Hey.” This guy babbled like a girl back at my old high school who drank Red Bull all the time.
“Let me introduce you to the rest of the gangstas.” He grabbed Grace’s and my hands, pulling us over to the group of guys waiting for the football. “This is Tommy, Damon, Sean and Jake.” Except for one, all were similar build to Simon. The other guy was absolutely huge with these dark, almost black eyes. He seemed to be shooting daggers at Grace.
I stepped close to Grace. “What’s with the big guy?”
“He’s interested. I’m not.” She rubbed her forehead with the back of her hand, making an “L” shape with her fingers. “Loser,” she whispered.
Simon stuck close by me, trying his best to entertain. Twenty minutes later, I needed space to breathe. I tried to catch Grace’s attention, but she was chatting away with Sean or Jake, I couldn’t remember which one.  “Bathroom break. Where are they?”
“Up the hill. Over there.” He pointed in the direction. “Do you see the line of trees? Just follow them and where the one big tree is, they’re just behind there. See a few people heading back? I can take you.”
“No!” I’d rather die. “Uh, no thanks, I’m pretty sure I can find my way.” I stood and made a beeline for the trees. Glancing back, Grace stood by Simon, blocking my view of him. Quickly sneaking into the forest, I figured I had about four minutes before Simon came looking for me.
Simon was nice but a little overbearing. He seemed the long-term kind of guy. I planned on bolting after graduation. Now, Michael, he might be an interesting short-term thing. I scoffed. Who was I kidding?
The thick grass and leaves muffled the music and noise from the beach, making it peaceful. I walked farther into the trees. Enjoying the moment, I leaned back against a large oak tree, closing my eyes.
The cicadas, crickets and every other insect around me abruptly went quiet. A strange, hushed silence. The hairs on the nape of my neck rose. Holding my breath, I strained to hear something, anything, around me. Opening my eyes, I stared into the forest. Eyes not adjusted to the dark, I couldn’t make anything out but trees and shadows.
My heart hammered over-adrenalized and fight or flight screamed. Stumbling, I suddenly couldn’t remember the way back to the beach. Muffled music seemed to come from all around. Placing the sound grew impossible. The blood rushing in my ears made it even harder to concentrate.
Swallowing hard, I took a tentative step forward and froze. In front of me, a pair of large amber-yellow eyes with obscenely black pupils shone crystal-clear in the dark. A low, guttural growl escaped from the darkness. Hot putrid breath slid across my face. I nearly gagged.
Whatever the freakin’ thing was, it was mammoth. I couldn’t find an outline of its body, just a shadow. Terrified, I was positive if I screamed the thing would jump out and attack me before I could get the sound out.
“Crap, crap, crap…” Body still frozen, I looked left to right and tried not to move my head. Hadn’t Grace said she could take care of both of us? “Grace…Michael?” I whispered. Shuffling slightly around the tree, my eyes never left the spot where the wicked monster stood. Tears of fear ran down my cheeks when I bumped into the rough bark of the tree behind me.
This is it. There was nothing I could do. I’d walked straight into this den of death. Realizing the certainty, I exhaled a slow breath, willing my heart to calm. I began to hear and think more clearly. Someone called my name. The monster’s eyes shifted slightly, as if it too listened.
 I managed a hoarse whisper, “Over here.”
A snarl filled the air and the yellow-eyed beast disappeared too fast for anything that size. Suddenly, Michael appeared, lifting me like a feather and cradling me tight against him. His hot chest, cool breath and husky scent distracted me from the terror behind us. In seconds, we were out of the forest, in the lightened area by the bathrooms. Grace came rushing over.
“What the heck happened?” Her brows crushed together and chest rose with fell in quick bursts. 
Too soon, Michael set me down on the grass carefully, like a flower that might break.
The horrible eyes wouldn’t clear from my memory. “I, um, I, damn it! Sorry. Just give me a sec.” I pressed my hands on my knees, bending over and trying to fill my lungs with the air I’d forgotten to breathe. “I stepped into the edge of the trees to give myself a break…from Simon. Everything went all voodoo quiet, a-and this huge thing with funky eyes showed up!” I shivered, looking behind them to the trees and darkness. It had happened, right? 
“Stay here. I’m going to have a look.” Michael disappeared into the forest.
I reached out. “You can’t –” I sputtered, but Grace held me back. “He can’t go in there. It isn’t safe.”
She pressed a finger to her lips. “Shh…It’s all right. Michael’s going to see if he can catch it.” She gripped my hand. 
“Catch it? Are you crazy?” My voice rose and I pulled away. “I couldn’t tell where the thing ended or where the shadows began.”
Michael emerged from the tree line.
Relief flooded through my veins. Shaking his head, he looked ticked.
He grabbed our elbows and started to steer us towards the parked cars. “Time to go, ladies. This party’s over.” He turned to Grace, whispering, but I caught everything. “It’s gone…caught the scent but it took off as soon as it heard us.” His pace picked up.
Grace jumped in the backseat. Michael patiently, but not looking so patient, helped me into the front and clicked my seat belt in.
We pulled out of the parking area.
“Wait! The rest of the kids. Someone needs to warn them.”
“It won’t be back.”
“You don’t know that for sure.”
“Positive.” Michael’s curt reply stopped me from asking again.
I didn’t argue. For some reason, I believed him. We drove the rest of the way in silence.
Parking the Mustang with the same annoyingly-crazy driving skills as Grace, Michael shoved the car into park. As he ripped the keys out of the ignition, he glanced into his rear-view mirror. “I need to talk to Caleb. Take Rouge inside. Get her something sugary to drink. It’ll take the edge off.”
“I’m fine.”
“You’re in shock. Head to Grace’s room. I’ll come up later when I’m finished.” His fingers raked through his hair, he gave me a quick smile and then he ran into the house.
Grace and I made our way at a much slower pace into the house and up the stairs. I struggled into a pair of jogging pants and a tank top, my body too numb to function properly. Dropping onto the bed, I lay on my back, dazed.
“I’ll grab you something to drink.” She slipped out the door.
I thought about the creature and curled up on my side, hugging my knees. My heart thumped hard and fast again my chest. “What kinda creature were you?” I mumbled to myself. Something escaped from the zoo? A wild animal from the mountains?  I kept seeing the weird, amber-yellow eyes flash against the white walls. They continued to stay there, except set against blackness.
Popping my eyes open, I forced them to blink and focus. I’d fallen asleep. The lights were still on in the room, but the house was quiet. Glancing at my watch, it was after two. I crawled out of bed to find Grace.
As I walked out of the room, Michael came up the stairs.
“You should get some more sleep.” The concern on his face made me melt a tiny bit.
“Is everything okay?” I was paranoid I might wake someone. “I hope I didn’t cause any problems?”
He smiled and turned me gently back towards the bedroom. Dazed, I crawled back into bed and watched him sit down on the edge. My gaze followed the outline of his body. I didn’t realize he’d spoken. “I’m sorry. Can you repeat that one more time?” I whispered.
“Everything’s fine. We’ve been downstairs in Caleb’s office. You didn’t cause any problems. That’s silly thinking. You don’t need to worry anymore.”
“Do you know what that thing was?”
He sighed then finally nodded. “I’ve a pretty good idea.”
“Would you care to enlighten me?” I tried to read his face but, apart from a tiny frown, it remained expressionless.
“Not at the moment, but I’ll explain it when I can.” His answer was loaded with implications which only created more questions.
“Would it have killed me?” My voice was calmer than my insides.
He sat silent for a moment, his knuckles cracking as he squeezed them. “Yes.”
“And you tell me not to worry?” I straightened, tucking my legs under me.
Forced air pushed through his nose. “It was hunting, and you were in its path. It’ll not happen again. I promise you.”
The determination in his voice made me stare at him. His head bent slightly forward, his eyes intently watching his fingers pick at his clean nails. “I don’t know why it went for you. I think you just happened to be in the wrong place at the right time.” His words came out slow and punctuated, like he’d been rehearsing them. “You need to rest.” He gently helped me lie back down.
As I drifted off to sleep, I hoped so hard he was right, even though I didn’t believe him.

Chapter 5
Something warmed one side of my face. My head instinctly moved towards it and the other side of my face cooled against the pillow. Fluttering my lids, the sun shined through the window, creating the heat. Burrowing deeper into the heavy duvet, I drifted, not asleep, but enjoying that wonderful half-awake feeling when you know you don’t have to get up and rush off to school. The scent of delicious male cologne filled my nostrils. I moved closer to the smell.
“You know, you’re very cute when you sleep.”
My eyes popped open. Michael lay on the bed, his head leaning against the headboard of Grace’s bed, arms crossed, hair perfect and an unbelievably sexy grin on his face. Last night’s memories came crashing through my mind.
 I sat up, very conscious of my heavy, tired eyes and morning breath, positive the back of my head had a rat’s nest tangled in it. Why do guys always have to look so perfect?
His face lost its humor. “Are you okay?”
“I’m, uh, fine.” Just in dire need of a brush and a bottle of mouthwash. Maybe throw in some kind of manual on crazy beasts living in the forest.
“You feel like getting up and going for a drive?”
With him, no human would say no. Except…“I should find Grace, and see if she’s planned anything.”
Michael let out an intoxicating laugh. “She’s fine.” He paused, staring at the ceiling a moment. “Grace and Sarah are out running an errand. We’ve plenty of time to go for a ride and still be home before they get back. I promise. She’s not mad.” His hand came up in a Scout’s honor position.
“If you’re sure…” Guilt washed over me for preferring to hang out with Michael rather than Grace. However, if she’d gone out with Sarah, a short drive wouldn’t be so bad. “Give me ten minutes.”
I waited. Michael didn’t move. My only way off the bed would be to crawl over the top of him. Kicking the blankets off, I shuffled to the foot of the bed. Still unable to avoid not touching him, I edged over his legs and let my toes reach for the floor. My hands brushed against his shins, enjoying the hot and cold feeling his body gave off. Once off the bed, I stood in the middle of the room not sure where I’d left my backpack or what to do.
“I’ll meet you downstairs.” He dropped his legs over the bed and stood, relaxed and confident. He walked by me, his arm brushing against mine. When he opened the door, he turned. “I’ll make some breakfast while you get ready.” He pointed at the ground beside Grace’s closet and disappeared down the hall.
I looked down where he’d pointed. My bag. The door behind it led to a bathroom. Alone, I grabbed my backpack and dumped it on the bed, hoping I’d packed something decent to wear today. The leather book from the bookstore slid to the floor. I leaned over and grabbed it then tossed it on the bed, more concerned about dashing to the bathroom, showering and getting dressed in record time.
I did manage to get ready in a decent amount of time. Unfortunately, my sneakers decided to play hide and seek. Michael knocked on the door just as I was crawling around on the floor looking for my right shoe.
“Do you remember where I tossed my shoes last night when we got back?” Near the corner of the bed, a sparkle caught my eye. “Forget it. Found you.” I grabbed it and held it up triumphantly to Michael. He wore a pair of blue jeans and a long-sleeved black shirt. Incredibly hot without even trying to be. Okay. Enough with the oozing over the guy. I was starting to annoy myself with my inability to let it go.
“I made coffee and Sarah bought muffins. She bought like ten different kinds. Are you almost ready to–” He stopped mid-sentence, dropping the travel mug on the nightstand, and muffin bag on the floor. He swiped something off the bed.
I reached out to stop the wobbling mug.
“Is this yours?” He held the book at arm’s length, by the corner.
I nodded.
He snorted. 
In disgust? “I got it from The Eclectic Bookshop yesterday.” Pulling my shoe on, I peered at the cover. Why’s he acting so weird? “I haven’t had a chance to look at it. It looks really old.”
“Yesterday?” He glared at the book and mumbled something.
All I caught was “…makes sense now.” I had no idea what he meant.
“We need to get this out of the house before Caleb gets home. He’ll freak if he sees it.”
“Why? It’s just an old folklore book.”
“Let’s go.” He reached for my elbow and steered me toward the hall. “You can drink your coffee in the car.”
Gravel sprayed as we spun out of the driveway. Michael finally slowed the car when he turned onto a scenic route to the mountains. He sat rigid and quiet, so I sipped at my coffee and ate my muffin. I picked up the book and flipped it open to the middle. “Holy friggin’ smokes!” The hand drawn picture was of the ugliest, crudest looking thing I’d ever seen—some kind of ancient scary mythical creature. I traced a finger along the charcoal ridges. Some kind of fountain pen ink had been used in tracing it.
I turned to the first page and read the single sentence on it. “Grollic Monstrum. An aberrant occurrence that has the ability to produce fear or cause physical harm. Can the beast be tamed? Or controlled?”
I flicked through some of the drawings scattered throughout the book. Large, dark, omniscient animals had eyes that stared directly at you from the paper. A page on the left showed a drawn photo which had been painted in. Amber yellow eyes.
I gasped and then tried to catch my lost breath. What knocked the wind out of me was cold, hard realization.
“That animal last night, it…” I couldn’t finish the sentence. It couldn’t be. This kind of stuff was all myths and legends, folklores.
Michael continued to stare at the road, his knuckles white against the wheel he gripped. His posture confirmed what I didn’t want to believe.
“It can’t be. It doesn’t exist.”
The silence drove me crazy.”
“It isn’t real.”
“They are.”
What? Wait a sec. “Not just one, there are more? H-How do you know?”
“I just do. The grollic’s smell was all over the forest.”
Turning to face him, I studied his tense profile. “You could smell it? I didn’t even hear that thing until it was three feet in front of me. A grollic?” The word was foreign to my tongue. I needed to concentrate but it all seemed ridiculous. What normal human could hold a conversation on real-live monsters seriously? “You’re not one, are you?” I giggled. He did seem to have some peculiar habits, obviously not spooky, but, in my anxiousness, I couldn’t resist teasing.
“Never!” He snapped like I’d whipped him.
I exhaled, letting my head fall against the back of the seat. “Sorry. I’m only kidding.” Michael obviously wasn’t. I’d hit a nerve with my crappy humor. A reminder of why I should never use it.
He pulled over on the side of the road at a lookout point. Something about the intensity in his blue eyes captivated me. I didn’t bother glancing out the windows at the scenery. I had all I needed in the car.
Michael shoved the car in park and drummed his fingers against the steering wheel. “This is real. There are things I’m not allowed to say,” he scoffed, “and other stuff you wouldn’t understand.”
Crazy alert. Get out of the car and walk away. My brain seemed to think it knew better than my body. I sat silent, unsure what to do.
He stomped a foot against the car floor. “I’m not sure what to tell you.”
“The truth.” I barely knew the guy and here I sat, in his car, demanding he spill his guts. I crossed my arms, ticked at my inability to keep my mouth shut.
His eyes ran up and down me, obviously misreading my body language. “I tell you a hideous creature went after you, and you barely bat an eye. You just turn and ask if I’m one.”
“I was joking.”
“Yeah, you said that.” He shifted, turning back to the wheel and staring straight ahead.
My right thumb traced the pad of my left hand. If I told him my feelings, I’d step over a line I’d never crossed before. Totally risky, but is it as dangerous as the animal in the forest last night? Swallowing hard, I hesitantly laid my fingers on his wrist. When he looked at me, I stared back into his ocean blue eyes. “I…We haven’t known each other very long, but there’s something...I li-like you.” I wanted to add it was different, not like anything I’d ever felt before. Instead, I babbled. “This may sound weird, but I can’t get you out of my head. I hardly know you, but I trust you with my life.” Horrified at what I’d admitted, I pressed my lips closed tight. When Michael didn’t say anything, I sat back against my seat. Crap! I’ve just screwed up royally. I dropped my face in my hands.
“Trust me when I say I’m not right for you.” Michael’s voice took on that husky rasp which made my breath catch. “I’m no good for you.”
My heart sunk. Grace had been wrong last night when she said Michael liked me. My brain kept sending my heart mixed signals. I responded the way I always did. I got defensive. “Isn’t it up to me to decide what’s good or bad for me?”
“I was afraid you’d say something like that.” Without another word, his hands pulled at my wrists, forcing me to look at him. The anger in his face softened as his eyes danced back and forth. His face close, he leaned forward and as he opened his mouth to speak, he brushed his lips lightly against mine. Fire and ice. Like dynamite exploding inside my head.
Without thinking, one of my hands touched his face and the other went behind his head, its fingers curling in his soft hair. Then he kissed me, this time with intention. It was intoxicating, left me completely breathless.
As quickly as he’d begun, he pulled away, heaving. “Sorry. That wasn’t supposed to happen.” His eyes were shut tight.
“I didn’t mind at all.” Could my mouth, for once, keep up with my brain and shut up?
“Rouge,” he whispered. I loved the way my name rolled off his tongue. “This can only end badly.”
“How do you know? We’ve barely started. Why not give this a chance and see what happens?” Terrified he’d push away; I reached out and grabbed his wrist. I’d never wanted someone like this. I’d been content to live my life on my own and suddenly it seemed the loneliest option in the world.
Michael rubbed the light stubble on his jaw. He appeared torn, trying to wrestle his version of good versus evil. He sat perfectly still for a few minutes and finally turned, his blue eyes boring into mine. “Screw it. I can’t fight this. Just promise you won’t hate me in the end?”
“As long as we don’t burn in hell, we’re good to go,” I joked.
His jaw dropped and his eyes grew big. Then he laughed a deep throaty one straight from deep inside. “Alright. Let's head back to my place. Grace is already bugging me, wondering where you are. And,” he swallowed, “it’s time you met Caleb.” He squeezed my hand and turned the car around.
The way he spoke made me anxious. I thought about those terrible yellow eyes again. Thankful now it’d been too dark to see the thing properly. “What are they?”
Michael sighed. “Grollics? They’re human but biologically messed up. Something’s wrong within their natural order. It’s impossible to explain.”
I had no reply. I didn’t get it nor could I fathom it. If I hadn’t seen those freakish hollow eyes last night, I wouldn’t believe a word Michael said.
We drove for a bit in silence. My mind raced at the thoughts of a possible relationship, of monsters and of why in the world my hormones were all jacked up. Why did Michael know so much about grollics? A sudden thought crossed my mind. “How old are you?” 
He glanced at me out of the corner of his eye. “How old did Grace tell you I was?”
“She dodged answering the question, like you are now.”
“You asked her about me?” He grinned. “I’m…nineteen.”
“I’ll be eighteen in January. However, I think I’m seventeen going on thirty. I’ve been grown-up for so long.”
He chuckled. “I know the feeling.”
Another thought hit me. “How old’s Grace?”
The question took him by surprise. He appeared about to say one thing but seemed to change his mind. “We’re twins.”
Totally weird. Now how’d I have a hunch on that? “How come you’re done with school?”
“I work with Caleb.”
“Did you drop out? Or skip a grade?”
“No.”
That didn’t answer anything. He obviously didn’t want to talk about it – yet. “Why the pretense she’s younger than you?”
“She is younger, by a bit.”
“You born first?” Grace had said he was older. Too many weird secrets. “Are you guys in some kind of trouble?”
“Questions, questions.” He grinned. “Has anyone ever told you, you talk a lot?”
“Never.” I shrugged, feeling giddy. Not once in my entire life. “One more question, and I promise I’m done.”
Michael raised an eyebrow.
“Why was one of those monstery-things after me?”
“Now there’s a loaded question. Caleb might know the answer.” He glanced down at the book sitting between us.
“One more question.” He opened his mouth, so I quickly added, “Can we stop at Starbucks and grab a latte? Sorry to say this, but you make lousy coffee.”

Chapter 6
Rocking slightly side to side, I now hesitated outside the house. Maybe the reason my body didn’t want to go in had to do with the horrible memory of the beast. If we went inside and talked about it, I’d be admitting it was real.
Michael reached for my hand and squeezed it, giving me the courage to cross the threshold. Little currents of hot and cold raced across my skin.
Does Michael have them too? I blinked, trying focus on the task ahead. This was serious. I really didn’t want to be some monster’s dinner.
In the middle of the living room, Michael stopped. Grace and Sarah relaxed on the couch and a man sat at the desk Sarah had occupied yesterday. My heart stuttered.
Caleb.
He was older than I thought he’d be. Maybe late fifties or sixties. The tightness in his face and posture made him appear ready to pounce. Or overreact? The kind of guy who shot first and asked questions later.
Where everyone looked tanned, Caleb was pale like me but even more so. Almost pasty white against the dark, expensive clothes he wore. He had the same intense blue eyes as the others, but with years of knowledge behind them, like he’d been through the wars. He was handsome, in a strange way, with strong facial lines. He sat almost regal.
When he glanced at me, his eyes darted from my feet to my head to my feet again, a harrumph escaping his lips.
I wanted to disappear.
“’Tis a pleasure to meet you.” He spoke with an English accent – very proper – and polite. However, his words sounded automatic—years of being taught what to say.
“Hello, Mr....” I paused. I didn’t know their last name and it seemed wrong to call him Caleb without permission.
“Knightly.”
“Hell-Hello.” Should I curtsey or kneel?
He leaned back in his chair, fingers clasped tightly together, resting on top of the desk. “It seems you had an altercation last night with a grollic.”
Wow. Straight to the point. “Michael’s been trying to explain.” I played with a loose strand of hair which had escaped my ponytail. “He seems to think there’s a…a grollic after me.” 
He tutted. “Possibly, but not confirmed. That’s the first sighting of one in a very long time. We assumed they’d become extinct in this area. It seems they may have just burrowed underground.” He twirled a large ring on his right hand. “Do you have the slightest inclination why one would fancy you, of all people?”
I shrugged, suddenly conscious of the book lying in Michael’s car. I shook my head. It made no sense the two were related. “I just moved into town. I haven’t done anything since I got here. Met Michael and Grace, got a job…normal stuff. Last night, I stepped into the trees on an off-chance. It wasn’t something planned.”
“Maybe you caught it off guard. Maybe it was curious about the noise from the kids,” Sarah said.
Good point. Maybe I was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
“Perhaps…” Caleb rubbed his chin, his eyebrows drawn close together. He stood. He was a lot taller than I originally thought, at least half a foot taller than Michael. “We must remain aware of our surroundings and be cognisant of any possible threats. Grace and Michael will keep an eye on you, and we shall see if this grollic has any other intentions. Perhaps it was hungry.”
The way Caleb looked at me—or through me—I felt like some carnivore’s dinner, nothing more. I gasped and took a step back. He strode by me, without a second glance, to his office, the antique door closing with a cold click from the brass doorknob made me jerk.
“It’s just some freak of nature, some kind of wild animal. Caleb talks as if the thing can think and plan an attack. Animals can’t do that.” I spoke to no one in particular. Who’re you trying to convince? Them or yourself?
Michael slipped an arm around my shoulders. “Nothing happened last night and nothing’s going to happen to you. I promise.” 
“It was definitely a one-off.” I loved it that I believed him. He made me feel…safe.
Thank goodness school started without a hitch. No monsters came knocking at my door. I did joke with Grace, with me practically sleeping at her place all the time; a grollic could’ve come but bolted when it got to my neighborhood.
It sucked but I barely saw Michael. Caleb apparently had him travelling for work.
Simon made it his priority to introduce me to everyone at school. While the weather stayed warm, a group of us sat in the courtyard every lunch break.
One Friday, near the end of October, the guys, being their usual rowdy selves, started a game.
“Rouge,” Simon said. “Are you going to come with me to the Halloween Masquerade?”
Before I could think of an excuse not to go, Damon dragged Simon to a desk chair he’d set in the middle of the courtyard.
“Help me set this up. Then let’s jump over it.” Damon pointed at us gals sitting together. “You ladies keep score.” All the guys scrambled over to join them, each one easily clearing the chair. Soon two, then three chairs were lined up. When a few guys knocked out, Damon dragged a picnic table to replace the chairs. He scraped his foot in the grass to make a line ten feet away. He declared they had to stand behind the muddy line. The remaining three cleared the table sideways. They turned the table long. After Damon and Simon barely cleared it, they pulled two together.
I leaned toward Grace. “Maybe they should fill their pants with rolls of toilet paper.”
“What’s that Red?” Damon paused in his work and grinned at his nickname for me. “Chumming up to your little pal?” He glared at Grace. “It’s obvious Red’s you’re new little Barbie doll. Poor new-gal didn’t stand a chance once you sunk your claws in her.”
How old was this guy, nine? “I have a brain, thank-you. I’m a Barbie. Maybe you’re just jealous she wouldn’t let you be her Ken?”
He stepped forward and leaned down, his face inches from mine, hot breath hitting my cheeks. “What’d you just say?”
My courage flew out the window. I dropped my gaze. His eyes were red, nostrils flared, lips curled in a nasty smile. I locked on his neck where a birthmark, which also looked angry, peeked out from the edge of his polo shirt near the buttons.
Simon pulled Damon back. “Leave her alone. You’re scaring the poor girl.”
I gasped for air, not realizing I’d held it. With a shaky hand, I covered my mouth, not sure what else to do.
Damon blinked and jerked his arm out of Simon’s grip. “Whatever. Sorry, Red.”
“You’re such a jerk, Damon.” Grace grabbed my arm and led me inside by the elbow. “You okay?”
Leaning against the cool, cement bricked wall, I tried to calm my nerves. “Bit insecure, isn’t he?”
Grace laughed. “I usually just try to ignore him.”
“How do you ignore someone so big?”
“And ugly?”
I grinned, feeling better. “You so missed your chance when you turned him down.”
“I guess he never got over it.” She pretended to clutch her heart. “It started the first week I was here, but he was just so big—”
“An’ ugly.”
“An’ smelly. It turned me off.”
“I don’t blame you.”
The bell rang. I had chemistry and she had art on the other side of school.
“See you after classes. Try not to pick anymore fights.” She laughed and disappeared down the hall.
Afternoon classes flew by. At the end of the day, I made my way out to the parking lot to Grace’s car. My heart skipped a beat when a dark blue Mustang sat parked beside the Smartcar.
Michael stood waiting between the two cars, leaning against his door.
“Hi.” I hadn’t seen him for two weeks and he looked awesome. I made tight fists, warning my fingers not to reach up to his blond hair begging to be tamed. His blue eyes piercing with their intensity, his lips and slight stubble – all of it made my blood rush.
He nodded a hello, but his face remained serious. “Grace told me what happened. I thought I might have a word with this Damon boy.”
Boy? Damon was like a year younger than him. I waved my hand. “It’s nothing. Damon probably took too many steroids and had some reaction.” Bummer. I had been hoping for:  I missed you.
Michael’s head shot up and his body tensed. I turned around to where he looked.
Damon pushed through the school front doors, strutting across the grass with Simon in tow. They headed to the other side of the parking lot. He kept glancing our way with an irritating, cocky smile, but he continued to his car. He gassed the engine and sped out of the parking lot.
“Michael!” Grace’s singsong voice made both of us turn. “What a surprise.” Her cheeks and most of her face burned slightly red.
“Really? You contacted –” Michael stopped mid-sentence.
Something passed between the two of them, but I couldn’t figure out what. It might take a bit of patience, but I intended to find out. Why would Grace call Michael and tell him about lunch? It was no big deal. Then it dawned on me. “It seems your old flame’s still holding a bit of a nasty grudge.” 
Grace shrugged. “You win some and, in his case, you lose again. The guy’s a meat-head.”
“Maybe it was good I wasn’t here.” Michael turned and smiled at me. “Well, if my knight-in-shiny-armor services aren’t needed; is there anything else I can help you with?”
“Well…” I said. “There is this Halloween Masquerade. We are actually required to go for drama class. I could really use a date.”

Chapter 7
Of all the Halloween themes, we got stuck with famous couples. Grace convinced Simon to go with her and she took charge of all our outfits. She bought a Spartacus costume for Michael and a Roman slave one for me. I’d come to trust her and she made me laugh with her charity shop and eBay shopping.
The night of the dance I sat in her bathroom on a stool, letting her curl my hair and pin it up. “Doesn’t Spartacus’s wife get murdered?”
She dropped the curling iron.
I swore she caught the hot part in her bare hand but didn’t even flinch.
Setting the curling iron on the counter, she grabbed a few bobby pins. “Aren’t all famous couples tragic?”
Her hand was obviously not burned. I pointed at her in the mirror. She was dressed as Fashion Fairy Tale Barbie. “I don’t think Barbie and Ken have a tragic ending.”
“Touché. But if Damon see’s the outfits, he might change that.” She giggled at my shocked looked in the mirror. “I’m just kidding. He’s the one who gave me the idea.” She pinned the last bobby pin in my hair. “Stand.”
We stared at my reflection. The faded grey-blue slave’s dress had tattered sleeves and hem but I was willing to bet, no slave ever wore a dress this formfitting. Grace had tied a black scarf around my waist for a belt. She’d bought the gorgeous pair of strappy sandals from a second-hand shop.
She traced her fingers along her collar bone. “Something’s missing.” Snapping her fingers, she disappeared out of the room.
I stared down at my red polished toe nails and leaned against the doorframe. Grace had found a gladiator costume on eBay in Michael’s size. The thought of his body in a fighter’s outfit created a tingling in my lower abdomen. I was willing to bet Spartacus had nothing on Michael. Hopefully I didn’t embarrass myself with staring, or even worse if I’d start salivating.
“Wear this.” Grace held something shiny in her hand. “It’s not a choker, but we can link the clasp on a shorter part of the chain and make it look like one.
The necklace, beautiful and obviously antique, was made of sterling and shone like Grace had just polished it. “I can’t wear that.”
“I know Roman slaves wore copper, but this is so perfect. It’s--”
“Too expensive.” My fingers had a will of their own and reached for the silver. The chain was cool, but the aged Celtic pendant had a unique feel. Heavy but…different. I couldn’t tell if it was hot or cold. I held it up to the light. The pendant turned out to actually be some sort of vial with a ruby inside. “Is this some kind of family heirloom?” I’m not wearing this -- my luck it belonged to Caleb’s mother.
“Just try it on.” Grace took it from my hand and clipped the chilly metal around my neck. Against my skin, the pendant gave me goose bumps but warmed instantly. How in the world did it do that?
“Don’t you look adorable, little sis,” Michael said sarcastically from the hall doorway. “Apparently your idea of tragedy is quite different than the rest of the worlds.”
Grace’s bouffant hairdo blocked my view of Michael’s face. A round shield covered his body, except for his bare legs and sandaled feet.
“Hardy-har-har.” Grace faked a girly laugh. “My shopping helped you though. You’re quite dashing.”
“Half naked in October? Don’t you th—” He froze as I stepped beside Grace.
Grace grinned, a wacky, I-got-you-good smile totally meant for her brother. “Come on, don’t look so serious. It’s Halloween! Let her be your slave for a night.”
Hot. Very hot. Muscles and flesh and metal everywhere. No wonder the Romans loved their gladiators. He could have been a god. However, the scowl on his face stopped me from sharing my thoughts.
He glanced back and forth between the two of us. His face then broke into a half-smile. “You do make a sexy slave.” He walked over and reached for the necklace’s pendant. It seemed to burn with his touch. His fingers cooled the skin against my collar and neck.
My breath caught. “This isn’t Caleb’s, is it?”
He chuckled. Leaning forward, he gave me a tender kiss on the forehead. “It’s definitely not Caleb’s.” He tucked a stray curl behind my ear.
My head spun. I wasn’t sure if it was from the moment as it seemed like something deeper than just words were being said, or if it was Michael’s close proximity, or the fact I’d forgotten to breathe.
Grace sighed quietly. I guess we should get going.”
We headed down the stairs. I stared at Michael’s almost bare back. Nice tight muscles, smooth skin with slightly protruding boney shoulders. The guy probably had zero body fat.
Sarah waited at the bottom with a digital camera. She snapped a photo and looked at the screen. “There’s a back flash from Rouge.” Sarah glanced up and stared at my neck, her eyes grew big. “Michael, did you put the Siorghra on her?” She sounded…almost hopeful.
I stopped on the second to last step. What the heck’s going on? These people seemed to be leaving half their sentences inside their heads. What’s a Senora, or whatever they called it? There was obviously some hidden meaning. More strange secrets. I intended to find out, after I knocked the necklace against the back of the head of Grace.
“Grace put it on.” Michael winked.
At me or Sarah? I couldn’t tell.
“It suits the outfit, doesn’t it?” Grace, grinning like a madman, finally spoke up.
“It looks gorgeous. Rouge looks gorgeous.” Sarah opened a closet door. “Sweetie, take this scarf wrap, in case you get cold.” She held a sapphire blue scarf out to me.
“Thanks.” I wrapped the pretty scarf around my wrist not sure if I’d need it. Better to have it and not need it.
We drove to the school in Michael’s car. My gladiator would never ride in a tiny Smartcar. The music could be heard from the parking lot. I climbed out of the car, setting the scarf on top as I flipped the seat forward so Grace could crawl out.
We walked around the side of the school and found Simon leaning against the wall outside the gymnasium, dressed as Tuxedo Ken.
He grinned when he saw Grace. “It’s about time. I was beginning to think you were going to stand me up! Damon said—”
“He here?” Michael glanced around.
“Damon?” Simon’s eyebrow’s mashed together. “No, he had some family function or something.”
“Probably couldn’t find a date.” Grace whispered.
We headed inside. The gymnasium had been transformed. There were flickering lights set against the walls to look like fireplaces, roughly hand made tables and benches lined one side and students sat drinking, snacking and laughing. Painted brick patterns covered the walls and floors. A pair of thrones sat on the stage with stage. An ancient castle made to look present day. A big cauldron filled with fruit punch stood to the left of the stage.
“I’ll get us some drinks.” Michael gave my hand a light squeeze before disappearing into the crowd.
I shivered. The janitor had probably put the fans or air-conditioning on in the gym. Realizing I’d left the scarf on the hood of the car. I leaned toward Grace. “I’ll be right back.”
Jogging to the car, I hoped it hadn’t disappeared. It wasn’t on the top where I’d left it. Bending down, I looked under the car and frowned. Not there. I straightened and checked the top of the trunk and hood. The wind had blown it against the wiper and luckily it had caught on the end. I wrapped it over my shoulders.
I turned around to head back to the gym and nearly jumped out of my skin. Damon stood before me, his arms crossed tight over his chest.
“Sheesh. You scared me.” I swallowed. “I didn’t hear you come up.”
“Did you come with her? Simon said he was going as her flippin’—Ken.” He spat on the ground and then leaned forward, his pitch black eyes and hot breath smacked against my face like a slap. “I’m obviously concerned for his safety.”
This guy’s freaking nuts. “I’ve no clue what you’re talking about.” Was he drunk?  As I looked into his eyes to see the tell-tale red on white, Damon stepped back, like I terrified him.
“You are so going to burn in hell for this one. You think you can squirm your way into that family?”
He was crazy. “You’re the stupidest person I’ve ever met, and believe me I’ve met some real idiots.”
“Listen, bi--” he stopped mid-sentence and reached for my neck.
Jammed between him and the Mustang, I had nowhere to go. My hands curled into fists and rose by my neck, trying to protect it. Was he going to strangle me right in the school parking lot?
Instead, he stepped back again, pulling one hand back like I’d burned him. He swiped at my throat with the hand still in the air.
He’s trying to grab my necklace. I clutched the pendant, worried he’d lean in and rip it off.
Instead, he kept his distance, but the venom in his voice couldn’t be missed. “So help me, Rouge. If you ever come near me again, I’ll destroy you. I know exactly what their kind are. And I’m not alone. More know. Lots more.” He snorted, pointing at me. “Yeah, you tell your precious Michael that. Let him know we’re going to annihilate him.” He turned and ran off into the darkness.
He’s definitely crazy. I couldn’t move. I’d forgotten how to breathe. My brain told my body to walk back to the gym, to get there as fast as I could, but I stood frozen, clasping the pendant protectively in my hand. 
“You okay? What’s taking so long?” Michael walked around the front of the car. 
I jumped. Dazed, I stared at him. What had Damon meant about Michael’s kind. “I, um, left Sarah’s shawl on top of the car and came out to get it. D-Damon stopped by…” my voice trailed off.
“What?” Michael swung around, doing a three sixty. “Where’d he go?” 
“I dunno.” I raised my hand and twirled my fingers and then snapped. “One moment he was here and the next, gone.”  I stared into the darkness where Damon had disappeared.
“Let’s get outta here.” He unlocked the car doors.
I blinked, trying to focus. “We can’t just leave Grace.” Damon could go after her.
“I’ll let her know.”
“No. You wait here and I’ll ask Simon to drive Grace home.” I needed a moment to catch my breath and my nerves.
“I can – never mind.” He shook his head. “Go. I’ll make sure Damon’s sorry ass isn’t poking around.” 
“I’ll be right back.” I sprinted off to the gym. My wobbly legs needed to run out the adrenalin stuck inside them. 
Grace wasn’t hard to spot on the dance floor. She looked like she’d been expecting me. Simon seemed to be dancing on his own.
“Do you mind driving Grace home?” I asked him.
He replied before Grace had a chance. “Love to! What kind of Ken would I be?”
Grace shook her head, looking directly at me. “What’d he want?” 
Did she mean Damon? I hadn’t mentioned a thing. I swallowed. Damon had taken off in the other direction. He wouldn’t come back tonight. “Michael and I just want to hang out.” 
Simon put his hand up for a high five, which I slapped, not understanding why. 
“You go, girl!” 
“You’re still sleeping over, right?” Grace asked.
“Yeah, I’ll see you back at the house.” I gave her a hug and went to meet Michael waiting in the car.
We sat in silence as Michael drove. Staring absently out the window, I tried to figure out Damon’s weird behavior. Maybe he was on drugs. Maybe he had something wrong with the processes in his brain. The lack of cars and streetlights stopped my train of thought. A bluish hue covered everything from the bright night sky. “Where’re we going?”
“We have a cabin by the lake. I figured we could hang out there for a bit.” He let his foot off the gas. “That doesn’t sound right at all. We hit a Tim Horton’s.”
“Should I be scared?” I teased. “You’re taking me to a hidden cabin in the woods and next week will I be the front headlines in all the national papers?”
“Ha-ha.” He laughed sarcastically. “The place is like fifteen minutes away. I just thought it’d be easy to talk there. I go when I want some peace and quiet.”
“Then let’s go. We’re almost there now.” I trusted Michael and I had a few questions myself.
He flipped the blinker on and headed onto the exit. “It’s just a couple miles down the road from here.”
Ten minutes later he pulled onto a gravel lane. He drove the car easily through the dark forest. A cabin stood in the distance with a glass lake stretching behind it. The cabin was the kind you saw in those country magazines. Modern, with a vintage look but absolutely gorgeous. Michael, still in his Spartacus outfit and oblivious to the cool air, opened the door and switched lights on as I followed him in. 
Simple shades of beige colored the walls, mixed in with wood and brown leather furniture. My gaze caught on the six tall windows facing the lake. The lack of style inside the cabin disappeared by staring out those windows.
“I’ll get a fire going.” He opened a brass ornately decorated box and started to toss the wood into the brick fireplace. He had the logs snapping and flames dancing in moments.
Taking my hand, he pulled me over to the couch. 
My legs barely touched the leather, and he leaned in to kiss me.  
I returned with frantic kisses while his hands roamed down my back, his fingers finding their way to rest along the spaces between my ribs, his nails scraping against my shirt. Everywhere he touched shocks of longing started on my skin and ran through my blood to my heart. I swear I was going to explode.
Groaning, Michael gently, but firmly, pushed me away. I didn’t want to stop, he tasted like I needed more of him. I leaned in to fill the space between us. The fire’s reflection danced against his bare shoulders. 
“Rouge,” he whispered, “we need to talk. If you keep doing this, we’re not going to get anywhere.”
“I really don’t have anything important to say.” If we talked, something would change. Don’t know why I knew it, but I did. Couldn’t I just have this moment -- for like ten minutes? 
“Rouge.” The warning tone in his voice made me straighten and watch him. He was right. We needed to talk.
Michael stared into the fire, resting his elbows on his knees and rubbing his hands together. He sat quiet, both of us trying to catch our breath.
Finally, he sighed. “What did Damon want?”
I shrugged. “He doesn’t like your family much.”
Michael sat rigid. “Tell me exactly what happened.”
“It was stupid. Total loser. He acted all worried about Simon. Then he looked at me like I scared him.” I paused, waiting for Michael to stop clenching and unclenching his hands. “The guy's psycho. I thought he was going to steal the necklace.” 
Michael inhaled and exhaled loudly, his nostrils flaring.
Something about Damon’s comments gnawed at me. I tapped a finger against the top of my knee, not sure if I should ask Michael or just ignore Damon’s useless babble. Honesty or nothing. I took a deep breath. “He said he knows what you are. What the heck’s he talking about? Is Caleb part of some sort of mafia?”
Michael snickered then covered his mouth. “Sorry. That was rude of me. Trying to picture Caleb eating spaghetti like some TV mafia-guy...” He shook his head. “If you knew Caleb, you’d get it.” He moved, and shifted me as well, so we sat facing each other. He took my hands and rested them on his knees, laying his on top. 
More strange talk. Maybe there was something wrong with the water here. I pulled a hand out of Michael's and touched the pendant. “What is this necklace?”
Ignoring my question, Michael stared at the window behind me. “Damon knows what the pendant stands for. He knows who we are.” He removed his hands from mine and began picking his perfectly clean fingernails. 
Why the sudden nervousness? “What?” I’d get answers tonight, if I had to shake them out of him. “Whose necklace is this?”
“Mine,” he whispered, not looking up.
I slid the pendant along the chain. Not really a surprise, is it? “What’s inside?”
“Blood…my human blood.”
Wha-? I didn’t expect that as a reply. The pendant dropped with a clunk against my chest. “If it’s you’re blood, why wouldn’t it be human?”
Michael rubbed his face. “It’s complicated. Grace has one as well. We all do. It’s called a Siorghra.”
“Siar—a what?” Crazy alert -- again. Get out of the cabin and start running through the forest. Nah, you know what happens in horror movies. I ignored my own warning, too curious about the necklace and what Michael might say. I held my tongue, waiting for Michael to wrestle with whatever demons he was fighting and explain what on earth he was talking about.
“The Siorghra was created as a link. It’s Gaelic, a term for eternal love. Sarah and Caleb wear each others. Once on, it can never come off.”
I reached for the pendant. I’d be wearing this for the rest of my life? “What! Never?”
“I didn’t put it on you, so it can be taken off.” Michael sighed. “I meant it won’t fall off or be broken unless specific things happen.”
“Like what?”
“I have to put it on you, it’s my blood.”
Freaky—but kind of romantic at the same time. “You’re sister’s pretty gutsy.”
“Yeah, she likes pushing me when she can.” He chuckled and relaxed. They obviously had sibling affection I’d never experienced. 
“Is this something Caleb’s family created?”
“In a way.”
I hated how he was answering my questions with bits and pieces. Sighing, I blew the bangs away from my forehead. “What’s going on? You want to talk, but you’re not really telling me anything.” 
Michael pushed off the couch and began pacing in front of the fire. His costume clinked and sparkled against the flickering light. I kind of hoped it would irritate him and he’d pull the top off. He paced back and forth about ten times. Just when I was about to suggest we head back, he began talking.
“That—” He pointed to the pendant on my neck “—is the last bit of me that still holds life.”
“What?”
He stopped pacing. “I’m not who you think I am.”
Ah, double crapper. I didn’t know what was going on, but after seeing that beast a few months back nothing would seem unbelievable. “You acted all scared about the book I got, but then got ticked when I asked if you were one of those Grawlics.” I started laughing, the nervousness inside of me escaping.
“Grollics,” he corrected. “I’m not one. We are in no way related. But… we are the same in a sense.”
“You’re kidding.”
“I wish I was.” He sat down beside me. 
The sadness in his eyes tore little bits off my heart. “What’re you trying to tell me?”
He stared at the necklace. His eyes were bright blue against the reflection of the fire, almost aqua-green in color. “I’m not like you...anymore.”
I couldn’t get my head around this conversation. “It doesn’t make any sense. You said this is your blood.”
His eyes closed. “Grace and I, we were…like you… about a hundred and forty years ago. The man I knew as my father wasn’t my… my biological father. Grace and I never knew.”
This was jacked up. “What happened?”
“Our…My mother was raped before she married my father. On the day of their wedding, just before they took their vows. She never told us, we learned about it after her death.”
My mouth fell open. “That’s awful.” What a secret to carry. “Maybe your dad really was your father.” I felt I was grasping at straws. “You know fifty-fifty chance.”
“No,” he spoke sharply. “Mother was raped by someone you could never imagine.”
“What do you mean?” I couldn’t believe I was actually having this conversation, and believing it.
“You know those Greek mythology stories about the gods coming down and having children with humans?”
My eyes grew huge. “You’re the son of Zeus?”
“No.” He shook his head and dragged his fingers through his hair. “Shit! I’m screwing everything up. I was trying to use it as a comparison. The Greeks used these folklore stories because they are partially true, they just got the heavenly participants mixed up.” He waited, obviously wanting me to guess.
“Okay,” I said slowly. “You’re a soul returned back to earth. Or, you’re living some reincarnated life?”
“No. I’m part…” He began pacing again. 
Something clicked in the back of my mind. “Angel?” 
“Sort of.” He threw his hands in the air. “This is so hard to explain. Grace used to joke about angels, saying we were distant third cousins, once removed.”
“An angel raped your mother?” That didn’t make sense. Impossible.
“I know what you’re thinking, but not all angels are good. They come from both ends of the spectrum. We’re not angels. My mother was not an angel. We still don’t know the entire process or what exactly created us. We think it may have something to do with fallen ones but aren’t completely sure. One thing for sure, Caleb is different than us.”
“Caleb’s one, too?” This was unbelievable. 
“We all are. Sarah found Grace and me. She met Caleb later and they gave each other their Siorghra.” He tapped his head, as if trying to knock out a noise.
I thought about how similar Sarah, Grace and Michael looked with their tanned skin. Except Caleb’s so… so dark. Well, he was pale, but he seemed… I didn’t know. Maybe he came from the bad guys. The only thing he had in common was –“You all have blue eyes.” So they’re some kind of immortal.
Michael’s brows went up in surprise. “Grace and I had brown. They turned blue when we died.”
“What? Dead?” I rubbed the heel of my palm against my forehead. “Slow down a bit. I think I’m missing something here.”
He sighed. “Grace and I didn’t know until we were killed.”
Killed?


Chapter 8
“What?” My back burned near my left shoulder blade. I reached behind and rubbed the muscles. Could this conversation get any stranger? Was I actually starting to believe him? 
“That’s the worst thing about being one of us, being a slightly Nephilim. You don’t know until you’re dead.”
“Nympho?” Wait. That didn’t sound right. My cheeks went hot.
Michael laughed. “I’m not a nymphomaniac – at least, I don’t think so. We’re sort of Nephilim. Fallen angels. Only a small, tiny part, we’re also something else.” He paused. “It’s really complicated.”
I opened my mouth, but nothing came out. What could I say?
“You know, I’ve never told anyone.” He swallowed and rolled his eyes at the ceiling. “Caleb’s going to peel a layer of skin off me when he finds out I’ve told you.”
“That’s horrible!” Caleb was a monster, probably related to the Grollics.
“Not literally. He’s just going to be pissed.”
I stood, feeling the need to get my bearings. Everything felt backwards. I rolled my shoulders trying to get the burning muscles on my left side to relax. “This is way too much.” I rubbed my eyes, not caring if my makeup smudged.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything. The world’s complicated enough and I just threw more confusion into it.” Michael checked his watch. “It’s getting late. I guess we should probably head back to the house.” He pulled his ear. “Sheesh! Grace won’t let up. She wants to know where we are and if everything’s all right.”
“Say what?”
He chuckled, breaking the intensity of the moment. “Might as well spill it all. It’s different between Grace and me. We’re twins, born and killed at the same time. Caleb’s never seen it before. And he’s seen a lot.
I basically filed most of what he said into my brain to try and think about later. I stuck to the basics. “So, you can read her mind because of it?”
“Sort of. Grace and I are kind of unique - like talking on the phone without the phone. We can tune each other out whenever we want. I can’t read Grace’s private thoughts anymore than she can read mine.”
Despite the seriousness of the situation, I giggled. “I got a feeling you tune her out a lot more than she does you.”
“A little.” He smiled, his eyes flashing.
“Why do you all have the exact same eye color?”
Michael glanced at the pendant around my neck. “Caleb figures when we die, our blood loses its oxygen. Blood turns blue without oxygen.”
Like our veins. “You don’t age? If you’ve been around for a hundred and forty years and Caleb’s been around for, like, forever…” 
“You remain the age you were at the time of your death.”
“But you and Grace are so young.”
“Long story.” He checked his watch again. “Too long to get into tonight.”
I planted my legs and crossed my arms. This was way too fascinating to have him just tell me a little and say it’s time to go. “I’m not finished. I have more questions.” I hadn’t even started to scratch the surface. “What’s with Caleb?” 
Michael began pushing the logs around in the fire with a cast iron stick, trying to get it to die down. “He’s an original of the Coven.”
“Coven?” I sounded like a parrot. It sounded like some vampire story. Next he’d be telling me they existed as well.
“Kind of like royalty…original bloodlines. That’s another very complicated story. There are not many of his kind. He’s extremely powerful and much respected in our world. No one crosses him. He’s monumental to all of us.” Michael shook his head, his hair falling forward. “We really need to get back to the house. I didn’t take my phone and Caleb’s bugging Grace now.” 
“Fine.” I grabbed my shawl off the couch. “We’ll go, but you’re driving slowly. I have a million questions.”
Michael smiled. “I’ve a feeling they’re never going to end.” He killed the fire and we left. 
My brain wouldn’t stop humming as we drove. “If you and Grace were together when you… when you…” I couldn’t finish the sentence. “Did Caleb find you after?”
Michael focused on the road, his tanned knuckles white as he squeezed the wheel. “Sarah found us. We had no idea what was happening, but she knew.” He was silent for a moment, either concentrating on the stop light, or reliving what happened. He cleared his throat. “Caleb met Sarah a bunch of years later, after she’d adopted us. He saw her and immediately gave her his Siorghra. She did the same without question. They were simply drawn to each other. Caleb had been alone before he met her. She was his first.”
I stared at my Spartacus sitting so close, but seeming from another world. There was so much information to sort through. It didn’t scare me, but rather fascinated me. It was like I’d been waiting all my life for him. I’d never fit in anywhere and this all made sense, like it was a part of me or my ancestry. I don’t know why I felt the ties, but another part of me was horrified at the thought. What I did understand:  I wanted to wear Michael’s Siorghra more than anything. It also made me wish I had one to give him.
We pulled into the driveway and walked silently to the house. Doubt began to fill my head. What if his family was angry I knew their secret? What would Caleb say? Michael took my hand and pulled me closer to him as we reached the front steps. 
Brushing close, his silk skin touched mine and I groaned. “I need to change. I can’t talk to your family wearing this.”
Inside, Michael led me straight upstairs.
“I gotta change, too.” He kissed my forehead and turned toward his room. “Take your time. I’ll meet you downstairs.” 
I walked into Grace’s empty room. Changing into a pair of jeans and plain long sleeve top, I kept Michael’s Siorghra on and slipped it inside my shirt. Time to head into the lion’s den. 
First, I needed to pee. I slipped into the bathroom.
“You okay?”
I nearly jumped ten feet when Grace spoke. I switched light on. She sat on the counter, her bare feet swinging in the air.
“You scared the heck out of me!” My heart felt ready to explode, and there she sat, all chipper and smiley. “Why’re you sitting in the bathroom, in the dark?” I punched her shoulder. 
“Wasn’t sure if Michael would come in the room too. Didn’t know if you needed some privacy.” Grace tilted her head. “Sooo, you know our dirty little secret.” 
“Kinda.” 
She slid off the counter and staring at me. Then suddenly she lunged at me and swung her arms around me, hugging me tight. It was a moment before she let go and it took me a moment longer to catch my breath. “I knew you were special the moment I saw you. I knew you’d totally get it.”
“You’re crazy. Even nuttier for putting the Siorghra on me.” I touched the necklace, loving the feel of it but not wanting to admit it.
“You needed to know. I figured Michael would tell you tonight if I did. I’ve no idea how, but you’re involved in this as well. I feel it.” She stepped back and stared at me intently. “You don’t care about what we are, do you?”
Me? Involved? How and in what? “Why should I judge you? I liked you before and nothing’s different.”
She squealed and hugged me again, shorter in length but still enough to knock the wind out of me again. “It’s about time Michael met someone. You are so worth keeping around.” 
I wanted to ask if I might be like them. Maybe I was some sort of fallen whatever they were. It kind of makes sense. I didn’t know my parents and always had the feeling of needing my freedom – that there was something more out there.
“They’re waiting. You ready?” Grace interrupted my thoughts.
My throat suddenly dry, I nodded. “Wait. I need to pee.”
Like a best friend, she waited in the hall and we headed downstairs together. Heavy silence greeted us in the living room. Michael sat on the couch, dressed in jeans and a white shirt. Grace pulled me into the room and set me between her and Michael.
Caleb sat by the desk. Sarah stood behind him, her hand on his shoulder. They made a stunning couple, and also frightening in a way I couldn’t quite grasp.
“Rouge knows,” Michael said in a low voice.
Caleb's eyes narrowed as he stared at me. He didn’t say anything for a few minutes. Then completely ignoring me, he turned back to Michael. “I never considered you an idiot.”
My breath caught in my throat. I figured he’d be angry, but I didn’t think he’d act like I was some kind of insignificant fixation. I opened my mouth to say something and then closed it. It’s not my turn to speak. This conversation was between Michael and Caleb.
“I’m not.” Michael’s jaw twitched. “Rouge’s not what you think. She’s trustworthy.”
“It goes against the Coven and its plans.” He cleared his throat. “This’ll only bring trouble upon all of us –your family. You need to consider this very carefully. I will ask once, what are your intentions?”
“I’m not sure. I need time to think things through.”
“Think things through? Do you think you should have considered that before you went and told her? Decide, Michael. I am not willing to risk our safety for this child. A girl, who you know nothing about. Do you know her past?” 
My past? I had nothing to hide. I literally had nothing.
“I understand your concern.”
How did Michael stay so calm sitting on the couch? I couldn’t stop my right knee from bouncing. 
Michael leaned forward. “Rouge’s not the issue. What happened tonight is. While we were at the school, a boy approached her. He saw my Siorghra on her neck. He threatened her, threatened us.”
“You put your Siorghra on her?” Caleb screamed.
Grace spoke matter-of-factly, “No, I did…to go with the costume.” 
Caleb threw his hand up to stop her. “I’ll speak with you later.” His eyes whipped over to me. “Who’s the boy?” 
I swallowed, trying to push the butterflies back down my throat. My shoulder blade began burning again. “Damon said… he knew what you are…” I took a deep breath. When Caleb didn’t reply I added, “He plans on destroying you.”
“He what?” Caleb roared. His nostrils flared, and faster than I’d ever seen anyone move, he flung the desk across the room. Papers flew everywhere, as if trying to get away from him. “A boy? A damn boy tried to intimidate my family? Impossible!” He glared at all three of us on the couch. “Is this the first time?”
My butt clung to the couch beneath me and I leaned against Michael’s shoulder. How could someone toss a desk like it was a book? Forcing courage, I made myself sit straight.
Grace didn’t even flinch at Caleb’s outburst. “Damon hit on me a while back and got no where. He’s nothing, just a boy who’s jealous. He doesn’t know anything. It’s a bloody game.” She glanced at me before shifting back to Caleb. “He’s got a bit of a grudge and took it out on Rouge at school when were we hanging out in the courtyard a while back. He’s not worth it.” 
Caleb paced, his hands clenched behind his back. “This boy threatened you?” He turned and glowered at her, his eyes shone a brilliant blue. I pressed myself closer to Michael as he continued, “And you did nothing?”
Sarah interrupted, “He’s human?”
Michael nodded. “He’s young. Too young to be—”
“He’s just an idiot on a steroid rant.” Grace met Caleb’s stare and then purposely turned to the overturned desk. 
Caleb’s angry voice rang across the room. “Is there anything about this person you do know? Who’s his family? His friends? Is he a serious threat? What and why does he know? Something’s being missed. A random nobody does get what the pendant represents. Does he need to be eliminated?”
Sarah touched his shoulder. “We can’t get rid of him until we understand what he knows. Who he’s with. Kill without questioning him and we accomplish nothing. We must remove the threat–all of it.”
She sounded military. What kind of lives had each of them led? What had they done in order to survive undetected to the human eye? 
Caleb stood statue still. “Michael, find out about this idiot, and if he and his little posse are any hindrance to us. Get rid of the girl, she’s of no use.” He dismissed us with a wave of his hand and stomped to his office, the slamming blood-red painted door reverberating throughout the house. Some kind of crystal shattered in the kitchen. 
Sarah touched Michael’s shoulder. “I’ll talk to Caleb.” She kissed him on the top of his head, and went into the office. 
“This isn’t good,” Grace whispered, more to herself than us.
“Michael,” I said, my world crumbling and knowing I had to do what was right. “I don’t want trouble with Caleb. He’s right, your family comes first.” I reached and squeezed his hand before standing. “Take care of what you need to. I’m going to head home.” 
He stayed seated on the couch, looking confused. 
Grace jumped up and ran to the hall. “Take my car.”
I caught the keys she tossed me automatically, like a robot, and watched her run up the stairs. Michael sat still frozen on the couch. All of a sudden my heart began tearing. He’s not going to fight for me. There’s no such thing as a white knight. After everything I’d learned, he hadn’t told me everything. I wasn’t supposed to be here.
I walked the few steps back to him and leaned forward to lightly brush my trembling lips against his cheek. 
He whispered in my ear, “It’s not safe for you to be with us. I knew this was too dangerous. I should never have talked to you that night you were running. This is all my fault.” He gently traced my lips with a finger. “I’ll try and come for you, but it’s better if you just forget about us. Act like we never existed.”
In dead silence, I left the house. First there’s Grollics and now… It was too much for my little head to comprehend. Driving home I realized I still had Michael’s Siorghra. I snorted. Well, at least he’ll have to see me one more time. 
I couldn’t shake the terrible sense of doom. We’d just been on the edge of something that felt so real. For the first time in my entire life, I was crying for someone I loved.

Chapter 9
The next morning, I couldn’t tell if my head or heart hurt worse. My eyes stung from the tears I’d shed and my throat killed from the crying it had tried to swallow. However, my shattered heart made the thought of getting out of bed almost too hard to bear. Tempted to skip school I only went because I hoped to see Grace.
Pulling into a parking space at school with the Smartcar, I wondered if Michael might drop Grace off. No such luck. I waited near the entrance of the school and reluctantly headed to class when the buzzer went. 
Her empty desk in first hour made my stomach drop. The only plus side of the day was Damon’s absence as well. I trudged through classes optimistic I might see Grace after school… only to be disappointed. 
I drove home after school, parked in the driveway and locked the door. I had no intention of driving it again. After the incident last night, returning the car without being asked didn’t seem likely. There was no way I would go to the house without being invited.
Neither Michael nor Grace contacted me through the week or weekend. Three weeks past, and Jim and Sally began to grumble about me hanging out in the house. For the first time since moving in with them three years ago they didn’t want me around. I avoided them by staying in my room. 
In the darkened bedroom one evening, I lay staring at the cracked ceiling and wondered how to bring Grace’s car back. Did I have enough courage to drive to their house, knock on the door, and hand the key back? No way. I thought about parking it at the school and mailing the keys back but my luck, it would get towed away.
“Get to the point, dipstick,” I mumbled to myself. I was pretending to wrack my brain only as an excuse to see Michael. It killed me that he hadn’t tried to contact me. No effort. Whatsoever. The guy spilled his guts and told me to leave. So much for liking the good guy.
It’s all I had been thinking about, night and day for almost a month. Now I just didn’t want to think anymore.
In a huff, I jumped off the bed and grabbed my backpack off the floor. I’d bought a calendar for the New Year. Flipping to January, I stared at the box with the number seven in it. My birthday. Eighteen. All that was left after that would be graduation, and then my freedom from the system. 
Which meant I’d be on my own. 
Slapping the calendar shut, I turned away and tapped my fingers against my leg. I needed distraction, something to do which didn’t require thinking about the future. Staring at the walls around my decrepit room, my eyes rested on the mess inside my closet. Perfect.
I dropped to my knees and began tossing dirty clothes into one pile, others that needed to be hung into another and shoes to be paired to the side. While digging, I grabbed something rectangular and soft half buried in the clutter. I pulled it out and gasped.
The Beast book. Grollic Monstrum.
The worn leather felt comforting against my fingers. I flipped it open to the beginning. The first pages were written in some foreign language so I skimmed them, simply glancing at the drawings. Funny, I thought the first page had said something in English…like a definition or something. 
The closet mess forgotten, I crawled onto the bed. About a third of the way through the book, the words turned to English. It talked about a war between Grollics and their worst enemy, and how it all began. It turned into a narration and the beast in the forest seeming like a distant memory now, I settled into the pillows to read.
An aged Grollic tried to help a young woman lost in a forest looking for a cottage. She seemed afraid of the beast but dainty as she may have appeared, the woman had strength inside of her beyond any human ability. She threw the old man aside and attacked the others with him, killing all but him. She claimed she’d spared him as he’d tried to aid her, even though she had no right to save him.
The eye for the eye. The old Grollic planned his revenge. He watched the woman and learned where she travelled. He waited for the day when the white-caped girl returned to the cottage on the other side of the woods. He raced ahead to the clearing and easily killed the unknowing man inside, then waited for the girl. 
The girl approached and the moment she entered the house, he attacked. Claws reaching to rip her neck just missed, but as the Grollic stumbled he sank his teeth into something warm. The girl grabbed a chair and smashed it over the Grollics back. They fought through the small cottage, breaking almost everything inside, including themselves.  
Near death, the girl barely managed to escape through a narrow window. How she managed to race away in to the forest, the Grollic thought he’d never know the answer. Her now red cape –covered in blood— flapped behind her as if nodding it knew the truth. The Grollic had killed because of what she had done to his family. 
The stunned Grollic stared. What he had thought was a cape, had actually been wings. Weak and shattered, he fell back against the wall. The fight between the two had nearly killed them both. He then understood their bloods could not mix. They shared unique powers, but those powers could never be blended. They each had the ability to destroy, as if they’d been born to battle against each other.
Thus began the war as both vowed to never find peace until either race was obliterated. The Grollic may not have understood what he met that day, but he did learn the blood running inside his body could poison hers and vice versa.
Holding the book between my fingers, I sat back, eyes wide. My favorite nursery story as a child was Little Red Riding Hood. Boy, had this story changed from the original version.
I turned the page. Both sides of the book had hand written, in point form, notes about the girl and possible ways to kill or stop her. Other questions asked if there was more than one girl and how they came into existence. Simple sketches filled the pages. I couldn’t make heads or tails of those any more than the handwritten stuff.
Bile rose in the back of my throat when I flipped to the next page. The right side displayed a crudely hand drawn Grollic. A disgustingly ugly one. A series of diagrams showed a man turning into the Grollic. Each picture had detailed anatomy and notes along the sides. Interesting, the Grollic’s heart was actually on the right side of its body, higher up than on most animals or humans. In human-form, the heart rested on the left side but as he shifted into Grollic-form, the heart would also shift. 
It was the last picture my eyes kept flitting back to - the mammoth size of the beast, the ferocious face with yellow eyes and snarl of sharp teeth. The drawing so life like, it kept bringing me back to that night in the forest. 
I shivered, and tried to swallow. An eerie scraping noise against my window nearly had me screaming. I closed my eyes, willing the noise to stop. 
It didn’t.
Inhaling a long, slow breath, I then opened my eyes and focused on the window, too scared to get up and look outside. Don’t be such a freakin’ wimp. Squinty, I realized the wind had picked up and a broken branch hung onto another limb. It scraped against the window as the wind blew the still connected limb. A big gust knocked the loose branch down and the ting against the roof of Jim’s car told me it’d landed.
My heart still in my throat, I shook my head in disgust. Wimp. Loser. I chided myself. Get back to reading. Except I now had to put my hand over the monster’s picture to focus on the other side of the book. I stared at the human drawing. A small marking caught my attention, above the right aorta of the heart near the collar bone. It showed a detailed drawing of the tattoo on the corner of the page. I squinted. Somewhere in the back of my mind I recalled seeing it before. Scratching my scalp, I couldn’t place where.
The remainder of the book switched back into the weird foreign writing. I shut it and tossed it onto my nightstand. Enough stupid monsters for one night. The clock radio read 1:30 a.m. Before switching the light off, I glanced at my messy pile on the floor. It would give me something to do, a reason to get out of bed since tomorrow was Saturday. 
Weird dreams visited me throughout the night. Grollics and angels killing each other, cutting themselves and letting their blood drip into the enemy’s cuts. Girls in red dresses and capes running through forests, with white monsters in pursuit. Tattoos on everyone to mark if they were Grollic, angel, or human. Angels morphing into beasts scarier than a Grollic.
I woke early with the feeling I never really slept. Covered in sweat, I threw a pillow over my head and tried to fall back asleep. The sun had not yet risen, and I didn’t want to get up with nothing to do but put my shoes and clothes away. After forty minutes, a few tiny little rays of light began peeking through my window. 
Throwing on my red-hooded sweatshirt and a clean pair of jeans, I turned to leave. I ran back to the nightstand to grab a ponytail holder and saw the Grollic book. I grabbed it too. If I was going to go see the sunrise, I might as well have something to look through. Less scary in the daylight.
It was cool enough that no fog or mist had come in during the night. I walked to the cemetery-park Michael and I had met, buying a latte at a Starbucks along the way. At the park I sat on a bench, drinking, as I watched the sun make its way over the horizon. Beautiful and peaceful. The world kept turning even when it felt like mine had stopped.
After an hour my bladder told me it’d had enough. I jumped up to throw my empty cup into a garbage on the path when a sudden realization hit me like a punch in the gut. I stumbled back to the bench and sat dumb-founded. The mark! 
I’d seen it before on somebody. That day in the courtyard.
Could the beast be human?
Damon.
Damon’s a Grollic. 
When he’d threatened me during Halloween, he thought I was the same thing as the Knightlys. Impossible! Michael, Grace or Caleb would know. Right? 
I thought back to my encounter with Damon in the school parking lot. I’d worn the necklace. Michael’s Siorghra had blood inside which could kill him. He thought I could kill him. Another thought hit me like a wave of nausea. It was Damon in the woods the night on the beach. 
He said there were more of his kind.
Michael and his family must know. But what if they didn’t? What if Damon’s pack was ready to attack Michael’s family? What if they already had? And I’d done nothing. 
Running home as fast as I could, I took the stairs two at a time and grabbed the keys to Grace’s car. Jim hollered something at me as I raced out the door. I ignored him. There wasn’t time to argue or explain.
I unlocked, tossed the book on the seat and stuck the keys in the ignition. The car started and revved as if it knew I had to hurry. I shoved the gearshift into drive and flew down the roads, fingers crossed for no police. They were the least of my worries. Hopefully Caleb wouldn’t kill me and ask questions later. 
Or maybe, he would and I’d find out I’m one of them.
The car slowed to a crawl when it came to their driveway. My foot could not press the gas pedal. Maybe this is a mistake. How could a simple human figure out something useful to a family, especially one like Caleb? If they were okay, they probably were planning some counter-attack.
“Stop being such a wimp,” I hissed at my reflection in the review mirror. “Just go up to the house and bang on the door. Hand the book to whoever opens and tell them Damon’s a Grollic. Then leave.”  I’d have to walk home but at least I could return the keys and necklace and try to forget them and move on with my life.
I parked beside the mustang and marched towards the house, forcing through the urge to run away. Hand in the air, ready to bang on the door, I realized I’d left the book on the passenger seat. About to turn around to grab it, the door swung open. 
Michael. 
My body froze, but my heart hammered at record breaking speed. Dressed in a white shirt, his tanned skin looked perfect. I couldn’t stop myself from staring. My thoughts over the past few weeks had left so many details out. The rush of feelings caught off guard.
If he was surprised to see me, he didn’t let on. “Hello, Rouge.”
Stuffing my hands into my jean pockets, I cleared my throat and tried to sound normal. “I know you told me not to come, but there’s something really important I need to tell you.” 
“Has something happened?” He stepped onto the porch and glanced behind me, most likely scanning for hidden monsters.
“No…Yes...Maybe.” I blinked a bunch of times, ticked my eyes burned.
“It’s dangerous you’re here.” 
His words or posture gave away nothing. I couldn’t read his thoughts.  “I know.” I swallowed, my eyes darting inside as I tried to calm the anxiety inside me.
His expression broke. He wavered and looked as lost as me. 
I stepped toward him and stumbled, unable to keep my knees from buckling. His arms surrounded me and he held me tight. My head instinctively went to his chest and I left it there, inhaling his wonderful masculine aftershave, the taut muscles under his shirt, his warmth, all of it. Would it be wrong to want to stay here forever? I then remembered the real reason I’d come. Putting my hands on his shoulders, I pushed him back a few inches so I could think. “We really need to talk. Can I come in?”
“Maybe it would be better out here.” He paused and his eyes shifted back and forth at mine. 
I shook my head and exhaled a long breath. “I think I’d better come in and you should get Caleb, Sarah and Grace.”
He raised an eyebrow, but said nothing. 
I paused, thinking I might need a bullet proof vest and remembered a better devise for protection. “Just need to grab something from the car.” 
I ran to get the antique book, letting the fresh air cool my flushed face. It was my only chance to convince Caleb I was worthy of being with Michael. I took a deep breath, squared my shoulders, and headed into house.

THE END 
of Part I of Book I 
Part II is available now!



Hidden Secrets Saga
Seventh Mark Part II
                                


