Dragons of Drupes

Anyta Sunday
First published in 2011 by Anyta Sunday
www.anytasunday.com

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2011 Anyta Sunday
Cover Design 2013 Caroline Wimmer

Editor Teresa Crawford


All rights reserved. This publication may not be reproduced without prior permission of the copyright owner of this book.

All the characters in this book are fictional and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead is purely coincidental.

Chapter 1


Sweet, sweet smoke.
I was locked in the bathroom, head quirked out the window at an angle no reasonable person would have attempted. 
What could I say? I was addicted. 
I dragged in another puff of the highly toxic, nicotine death stick. Damn it was good.
Icy breezes made my hand numb, but I welcomed them. They took care nobody knew about this little . . . habit.
A door slammed coming from the adjacent room and I jammed the burning end of my cigarette against a frosty pipe. It sizzled, and the sweet smoke came to an abrupt end. Stupid nerves. The murmuring of voices through the wall had me on edge. Correction: his voice had me on edge. Jack. He was like the angel on your shoulder, always trying to shush the devil up. When you really, really didn’t want it shushed. 
Bit of a buzz kill, really.
I took out my lighter. Tempted to strike up another. D-r-a-k-e. I ran a thumb over the stenciled letters on the side of the metal lighter. Drake. The only thing I had left from my real parents. The name, not the lighter.
I squeezed my head and arm back through the tiny bathroom window and jumped off the toilet seat, flicking the cigarette stub into the toilet. Next for the mouth spray, and smidge of deodorant. I sniffed my T-shirt. Sorted. 
I paused a moment, my hand ready to open the door leading to the attic: our living room and kitchen. Time-out was over, back to reality. I squared my shoulders, twisted the knob and stepped into the chaos.
Jack’s voice, deep but direct, cut across the open-plan kitchen to the dining table at the far end wall. “How am I supposed to prepare lunch, if that’s all there is to prepare.” He swung the fridge door open. “Guys, this ain’t gonna feed a flea, let alone . . .” His voice drifted off when he saw me. His scowl seemed to deepen.
Certainly not the face of an angel.
Ignoring his gaze, I peered into the fridge. A half salami roll, triangular block of cheese, and an almost-empty bottle of ketchup stared back at me. 
“Who was supposed to go to the supermarket?” Terry glanced in my direction, scratching the tattoo down the side of his neck—Chinese symbols for peace and respect.
“What? Wasn’t it Faye’s turn?” I said, knowing it wasn’t and cursing the fact I’d forgotten it was my turn to make the supermarket run. “Where is she anyway?”
 “That girl’s hooked. Wild horses couldn’t drag her away from that computer,” Jack said. “Those online role-playing games must be crazy addictive.” He wrinkled his aquiline nose, intense brown eyes piercing mine as he moved closer. Bollocks. I stepped back. “Drake, man, tell me you didn’t.” 
How did he always know?
“Didn’t what?” Terry shuffled out from behind the table, the long pillow from the bench coming with him. He glanced at it, hesitating as if unsure whether to come over or to pick up the pillow. He picked up pillow and tied the tassels to the bench.
Jack kept shaking his head. “I thought you said you quit.”
Busted.
“Quitting,” I corrected. “In fact I’m down to only two a day.” I ignored Jack and Terry’s raised brows. Give me some credit; it was no easy feat.
Jack gave me a fuming look as he moved to slam the fridge shut. Ah, here it comes. I braced myself.  “You’re an idiot. Do you know what smoke does to you?”
I rolled my eyes. “Don’t be such a square. I’m not ignorant of the dangers to smoking. As I said, I’m quitting.”
“Christ. If I had a penny every time I heard that.”
“Really. This time, for real.”
Jack crossed the room and breathed in, coming a bit closer than comfortable, his breath hitting my cheek as he breathed out.
“Why the cover up, then?” he said.
Total buzzkill. 
I shrugged, waiting for the retort quivering on the edge of his lip. 
 “You know what?” Terry interrupted. As he always did when he felt the tension between Jack and I rise. Safe to say, we didn’t really get along. “I feel like going for a walk. Think I’ll go shopping with you, Drake.”
The door creaked open and Faye dragged herself into the room, her blue eyes swollen and surrounded by dark circles. “I’m hungry. What’s for lunch?”
“Maybe not wild horses, but food . . .” Terry looked at Jack, grinning.
Faye made her way into the kitchen. Don’t mess with Germans when it comes to food, she’d told us the day she moved in. And as innocent and sweet the petite, blonde girl looked, none of us wanted to get in her bad books, especially in her grumpy morning moods. As the only girl in the house, we all gave her a wide berth.
“How’s the game?” Jack said.
Faye grunted and opened the fridge. “Egh, cheese,” she shuddered in disgust. Then she sighed, “and you guys know that Drake and I are vegetarians! Salami is out.” She grumbled and took out the bottle of ketchup. “Seriously, guys.” She shook it upside down and waited for the dark red sauce to trickle down to the opening. With her free hand, she grabbed a spoon from the sink and rinsed it. 
Darn, the pile of dishes was high. That was meant to be my job too. I looked away, as if not seeing them made it go away. On top of the fridge, my eyes rested on the small can labeled ‘food money’. It was light in my hands as I lifted it down. Moving over to the dining table, which really was a plank of wood held up by books, I unscrewed the lid and laid the money out where all could see. 
10.35 American dollars, 15.20 British pounds, 7.48 Euros and 22.50 New Zealand dollars. Those were the sad remains of our last earnings. And it was unlikely we’d stumble upon a new job like we did the last time. Better put up some ads or something. I ran a hand through my brown spiked hair.
“Looks like Britain’s buying this week,” Jack said.
“Ain’t this a bit of a dire situation.” I picked up the pounds. “London here we come . . .” 
The sound of bells cut over my voice. 
Terry, Jack and I turned to Faye, waiting for her reaction. The high pitched violin screeches told us it was the third floor. Visitors from Berlin? We all looked to Faye, only she spoke German. 
She hesitated, little beads of sweat forming on her temples. Moving slowly toward the stairs, her teeth clattered together. I’d lived with her long enough to know she only did that when something was up. “You alright there, Faye?”
“Peachy,” she said, with a weak smile.
I frowned. That smile was all nervousness. It was the same one she’d had when she’d first moved into the house. Back then, anytime her doorbell rang she’d been frightened her parents had found her. For a couple of months Terry or I had accompanied her to the door, but she’d been much more confident lately. 
“Want me to answer it with you?” Terry asked, putting a comforting arm around her shoulders.
Faye shook her head. “It’s okay, guys. Stay here.”
As she inched down the spiral staircase, Terry threw me a worried look. “I swear, if I ever meet those parents of hers, I’m going to . . .’ He punched his palm. “What did they do to that poor girl?”
Whatever it was, Faye needed to let us in. Talk, so we could understand. Help her. But she bottled up her emotions so tight. 
One day she was going to blow.
“Maybe there’s another reason,” Jack said, switching off the boiling kettle and pulling out a box of Earl Grey tea with a groan. Oh yeah. I’d finished the last of coffee in my late night Mercedes Lackey read-a-thon. I avoided the glare Jack threw my way.
Voices trailed up the stairs. Faye had let someone in? “Guys?” I said, confused. “Does Faye have friends?”
Terry growled at me. “Don’t be so harsh.”
“That’s not what I meant—”
Faye shuffled into the attic, red-faced. A male in his late fifties wearing a green uniform strutted in behind her. She bowed her head at our puzzled looks. “He said he’s a detective.”
“Detective Wurz,” the man said, sitting himself at the table. 
Jack offered his cup of tea to him, and he took it with a sharp nod. “Thank you.”
The thin man shifted uncomfortably on the small chair he was perched on, his knees banging on the wooden table top. The cup of tea he set down in front of him bounced. He caught it and took a cursory sip, his green police hat slipping off his head and revealing a sandy brush cut.
“So,” Jack cleared his throat, throwing glances from Terry to Faye to me, “what are you here for, Detective Woots?’ Jack rushed the name. 
Faye leaned over. “Think of vortex, drop the ‘ex’ and add ‘s’. Wurz.”
“Detective Vorts,” Jack said, face reddening. He gave a boyish grin, dimples cutting into his cheeks. 
“I’m here in order to become help on a mystery.”
I sat straighter in my chair, swallowing my impulse to fist a ‘yeah.’
“Get help on a mystery,” Faye clarified, glancing at me as if she knew I wanted to stand on the table and whoop. Finally some work. Things were getting a bit more than dire around here. Our fridge a case-in-point. 
I snuck a glance and Terry and Jack. 
Even buzzkill looked thrilled.
“Ja, to get help with a problem,” Detective Wurz said.
“So what’s the problem?” I asked, reaching to the middle of the table and grabbing a pen and notepad poking out from under J. Gee’s Conservation of Magically Enhanced Plant Genes: A Study of In-Vitro Biomagic-Technology. 
Immediately I started to draw out my whoop in guise of a goblin, coins filtering through his fingertips, a sly and contented smile on his face.
“Ah yes, a special jewel was stealed from a museum.” Detective Wurz took another sip of tea. “It’s a very important jewel. We spend it to the cancer society.”
“Donate.” I was grateful for the translation, and scribbled down the key points under the pile of gold I was drawing at the goblin’s feet.
“Yes, they sell it to become much money for the sick children.”
“What. Do. You. Know. About. How. It. Was. Stolen?” Jack slowly pronounced each syllable. I couldn’t help but chuckle under my breath. There was something so direct about Jack that it came across as rude.
Detective Wurz stared back blankly. His eyes were the same shade of blue as Faye’s, but where hers were full of warmth, his eyes showed no hint of emotion. This guy meant business. “Why do you persons speak so slow to non English person? Always. Too. Slow. Or VERY, VERY LOUD. I understand much.”
“What do you know about how the jewel was stolen?” I rested the pen on the pad and ink blobbed on the page. 
Detective Wurz straightened himself and looked at me. “It stealed at nine in the morning.”
“Do you have security tapes?” Terry said, gesturing to a camera.
“That is what is so… komisch.”
“Strange.”
“So strange. On the cameras we see nothing. The jewel is there and then it has went. Puff. Magic.” Detective Wurz looked at each of us in turn. “So I was ordered to come here.” He said ‘ordered’ as if had he a choice, he wouldn’t have come to us. “You handle funny mystery before two months.”
“Two months ago.”
 “So you do it?” Detective Wurz said, pushing for a response.
I was about to snatch the yes out of all of our mouths, when something occurred to me. I sketched over the money pile. We hadn’t talked details. “What do we get if we help? We each got 500 pounds for solving the last mystery.”
Detective Wurz moved his chair back from the table. “Ah,” he said hesitantly. His foot started tapping and his mouth twitched as he tried to find the right words. He shook his head. “Not all words come to me. I speak to her now.” He pointed at Faye, whose expression darkened. She hated speaking in her native tongue. “She can say.” He turned and spoke in German. 
It sounded to me as if what he said was one really long word. We all watched as Faye’s face went from its pale olive to an indescribable red. She looked worried, and said something in response. The detective nodded, and Faye sighed.
Detective Wurz pointed to the book he had laid on the table earlier. “That has information about the jewel. Maybe it helps.” He looked at his wristwatch. “I must go.” He slipped a card on top of the book. “You four come this evening at five.”
Faye was in such jitters, she had trouble standing up from the table. I took the lead and led Detective Wurz out of the attic. Jack followed, but after the first set of the spiral staircase snuck off to his room. Or his science lab, I wasn’t sure which. 
Detective Wurz marched down the next set of stairs two at a time. He was clearly in a hurry to leave. From the impression I got, he wasn’t too glad having to ask us for help. But that was often the way adults were around us; they just weren’t sure how seriously to take us. We’d shown a few disbelievers what we were made of, and if we didn’t gain friends we did gain respect. 
And, as it was starting to look, a reputation as well.
I studied Detective Wurz’s squared shoulders and unnaturally straight back. He looked too proud. If I hadn’t already gotten the feeling this job didn’t come with a cash prize by the way he snapped at Faye, I certainly had now. 
I’d weasel it all out of Faye next. 
I opened the heavy, metal door for Detective Wurz, and not out of gentlemanly behavior. Our doors were special and I only allowed people I trusted or at least liked to touch them. So far, Detective Wurz ranked as neither. 
The sun poured into Faye’s floor and the last I saw of Detective Wurz was his elongated shadow on the carpet. I shut the door with a mental note that it was good weather in Berlin, should we want to soak in a little sun later.
I heard Jack muttering as he came down the stairs. “I need new curtains. Mine don’t keep the cold out. And the dehumidifier is dead, thanks to you and Faye using it non-stop.”
“Terry’s worked on it at least five times. It’s just old junk,” I said. Man I was glad I didn’t have to fiddle with the thing again till next year. 
Jack and I spun round when Faye ran into her bedroom and slammed the door.
Terry, coming after Faye, pounded on the wooden panels. “Sorry for what? You’re sorry for what?”
I pressed my ear against Faye’s door and heard a muffled crying. She was such a sensitive creature, easily offended, but she usually got over stuff pretty fast. I couldn’t yet decide how serious this was.
Terry looked from me to Jack who only shrugged. “Sorry for what?” he said again louder, still banging on the door.
“What’d he say to her?” Jack rested back against the wall across from us. 
“Come on!” I banged my fists against the wood while Terry tried jiggling the handle.
Jack stared at the door to Faye’s computer lab, which was ajar and swinging ever so slightly. “Just a sec!” 
He walked over to it, then turned back and winked at Terry and me.
I clicked on. Jack may have been a pain in the ass, but he was clever. “Jack’s going into your comp-lab, Faye.”
Immediately, the muffled crying stopped.
“Jack!” Faye shouted. “Get out!”
“Not before you do!” Jack shouted back.
Something loud thumped against the wall, followed by a moment of silence, before the key rattled and Faye came out. She had red rings around her eyes but her jaw was clenched. She looked livid.
“She’s out!” I jumped out of Faye’s way and Jack stepped out of the lab.
“Don’t touch my things!”
“Didn’t, I promise!” Jack said. “We just want to talk to you.”
I followed Terry, inching nearer. “What did he say, Faye?”
Faye sighed and headed back to her room. Terry was quicker, positioning himself in front of her door. “You’re not locking yourself in again.”
“Move out the way, Terry.” 
But Terry refused to move. 
“Come on, free the door. There is something in there that I need to show you all.” 
Reluctantly, Terry sidestepped, keeping one foot in the doorway.
Faye rustled through some things on her desk and came back with envelopes, fanning them out in her hands. 
 “I thought ’cause this house was special that it just wouldn’t happen.” Faye said, “I really didn’t think they could actually do it.” 
“What wouldn’t happen?” I asked. She’d mentioned our house, which alone would have gotten my attention, but her red face, cast toward the carpet, got my blood pumping real fast.
“They’re going to tear it down. My floor,” Faye said. 
Terry slammed his open palm against the wall with a thunderous crack. “What?”
My hands were balling at my sides. “Who? When?”
“The Berlin City Council. In two weeks on Saturday.” Faye’s voice shook, but right now I didn’t give a damn that we frightened her. Jack at least gave her an awkward pat. “They sent warning letters demanding us to pack up and leave and threatened police involvement if we don’t do it voluntarily.”
“Shit, Faye,” I said. “Why the hell didn’t you tell us earlier?” 
“There’s no fucking way we’re just going to let that happen,” Terry said, in a low voice that would have given me the shivers, if the thought of losing part of our house hadn’t already done that. 
“That’s our payment. Kinda,” Faye said really fast. “We solve this mystery within two weeks and Detective Wurz, well, he can delay the demolition.”
“For how long?” Jack asked.
“He reckons anywhere from three to six months.”
“Jesus!” I said, whipping the letters from Faye’s hands.
“I’m so sorry—”
I held up my other hand behind me as I walked toward the staircase. “Just leave me alone.” Frigging hell. 
Terry caught up with me. “I could really burn off some steam,” he grunted. I looked at the guy, worse for wear at the news than I was. That was saying something. 
“Let’s get out. I don’t know, do the shopping, or something,” I said.
With as much care as I could muster I shut my front door, the one that lead out to London. A blotchy golden sign halted me from stamping down the path. I felt a rumble rise in my throat and swallowed the sob. I spat onto my sleeve and with the damp fabric started rubbing off the dried rain residue from the sign attached next to the door. 
OXION HOUSE, it read. 
My home.
Terry gave a sad smile. 
Our home. 
“What the hell are we going to do, Drake?”
“Well, whatever that is,” Jack said from behind, startling us, “running to do the shopping now won’t help.” He jerked his thumb over his shoulder back to inside. “I’m calling a flat meeting. Effective now.”

* * *

“So it’s like a ruby?” 
We were all in my library for the “flat meeting”. The upcoming demolition had us in a glum mood, but getting to work was the best medicine.
Or so Jack said.
Which is why we were discussing the missing jewel.
He really was pretty bossy.
“No, it’s not like that at all. Except that it’s red. But that would be like saying oranges and apricots are the same thing because they’re both orange.” Jack opened the book on his knees and jerked it around so we could all see a picture. Looked like a ruby to me. “There’s only one red emerald for every eight or nine thousand rubies.” He turned the book around and started flipping through the pages. “Found in the Wah Wah Mountains of Utah.”
“Isn’t that your home state?” Faye looked over at Terry who was sitting on a large armchair, trying to flick paperclips into the bin.
Terry frowned. “I come from Ohio.”
“Utah. Ohio.” She shrugged as if to say, ‘what dif’?
Terry shook his head, his next paperclip landing shy of my foot.
“Look it up on Google Maps next time you’re online,” Jack said without even a hint of a smile. He passed Faye a page with notes the detective had scribbled on. 
“Fine.” Faye exhaled heavily. “It says that the stolen red emerald was three carats, weighing around 600 milligrams.”
“What’s that in ounces?” Terry asked, grabbing another clip.  
My mind struggled at the math. It was little language differences like this that got us all confused sometimes. Pants instead of trousers. Hamburger instead of mince. Eraser instead of rubber.
Others got me in trouble. Like when I said I fancied a fag. I meant cigarette. I just wanted a cigarette. Terry had thrown a fit for that one and banned the word from our flat. 
Needless to say, I was quick to stick to smoke after that. Hmmm, smoke . . .
“That’s like .02 ounces,” Jack said, then glanced at me as if it’d been a race or something. If I wore glasses, I’d be pushing them up with my middle finger about now.
Faye glanced over the rest of the notes. “Because of the jewel’s rarity they were hoping to auction it off for around 50,000 euros for the cancer society.”
Jack winked and said, before I had a chance, “That’s close to 65,000 dollars.” He looked at me out the corner of his eye. “And 42,000 pounds.” 
“Finally!” Terry said, a paperclip rattling into the bin. 
He looked up, his gaze falling on Faye, and the contours of his face softened. “Huh?”
“O-kay,” I said, “back to the research then.”  
Terry got up, making sure to pick up every fallen paperclip.
“Okay, the chemical formula,” Jack continued, “It means that this red emerald is made up of beryllium, aluminum, manganese, silicon and oxygen.”
“Well, I think it is safe to say we all know what silicon is. What’s this berry thing?”
“It impresses me every time how mature you are, Drake.” 
 “There’s plenty more where that came from, Jack.”  
Again with the buzzkill. (Okay, so I may have waggled my brows.) But the guy seriously needed to get a sense of humor. He had everything else, was good at sports, looked great (he seemed to have escaped the bane of bad skin). And even if I hated to admit it, he was clever. 
But maybe he needed a touch more of that crazy adolescent hormone-thing going on. Just a bit. Enough to get him to relax.
Jack narrowed his eyes at me (his favorite pastime). I loved the bubbling feeling I got inside when I got on his nerves. That probably doesn’t make me a very nice person. But there you go. I probably wasn’t.
Faye looked at us. “Jack, it’s amazing how you know so much about chemicals and such. Tell us more about the stone?” If I could see through Faye’s intentions, Jack certainly would, but he acknowledged Faye with a smile. 
So, he could be nice.
“Yeah totally,” Terry said out of the blue and we all stared at him. “What? It’s true. We make an awesome team.”
“This is sounding suspiciously like a Barney moment,” Jack said, glancing at Faye, Terry and then me—but only for the barest second. “Are we all going to give each other a hug now?” 
Terry flung a paperclip at him. “Well you’re missing out. I’m sticking to that though, we fit great together.”
“For solving mysteries, maybe” Jack said, his voice slipping a notch lower. “Just for mysteries.” 





Chapter 2

It was definitely dead. The blue and yellow striped fish floated on top of the water, belly up. I pulled my face away from the fish tank and rubbed my steamy breath off the glass. The other fish, partially hidden behind limp green plants, barely moved.
“It must be so depressing being a fish in there,” Faye said, coming closer to check them out. “Oh.” She’d seen the dead fish. “Sad.” 
“Died of boredom, no doubt,” I said. “What with nothing to do all day, every day.” I looked at the shiny metal hoops and tunnels inside the tank. It seemed so depressing. “They must have a real blast in there.” 
Terry peered over my shoulder. “Blast? Hardly.”
“Kinda what I meant.”
“Damn accent. Sarcasm gets me every time.”
Jack laughed, soft and bubbly like water in a brook. “Totally with you on that one.” 
I lightly elbowed him, and was surprised when he chuckled. Jack chuckling? It actually bordered on . . . well, it wasn’t too much of a stretch to get why girls might dig him. “Stop laughing. Be at least semi-professional.”
He snorted. “Says the guy wearing a tee-shirt like that.”
“It’s a print of cuffs. Appropriate. Catch the thief and all that.”
He raised a brow, and read the back of my shirt. “Play with me?”
Wanting to piss him off, I smiled. “No thanks. I’m not into that.”
Jack blushed.
Our footsteps echoed in the closed Berlin Museum of Natural History. Detective Wurz appeared at the end of the corridor. He paused to check his watch before marching over.  As he passed in front of a gigantic skeleton of a dinosaur, I said under my breath, “And the way you pronounce the ‘e’ on eggs sounds plain wrong.”
 “When you come this way,” Detective Wurz said, ushering us down a hallway, “I introduce you to the staff which were today around the jewel.”
We moved into a well-lit staff room where three uniformed adults stared at us. The man sitting on the right side of the room blinked. “Was ist das? Sie sind Kinder!” Words continued to fly out of his mouth at a terrifying speed.
Us guys turned to Faye, brows raised. What is he saying?
“He’s, well, confused. He wants to know why he has to speak with us and not adults.”
“Confused?” Terry said. “Sounds like he’s about to have a hernia.”
Faye giggled and slapped a palm over her mouth. 
Didn’t make it obvious at all. 
Detective Wurz turned to us, throwing her a cold look. She stopped, and passed the scowl onto Terry like it was pass the parcel or something. 
“I don’t like that you kids are involved. I am not believing in anything with real magic. This is a clever heist—nothing else, but the Chief gave me his orders. So,” he said, inclining his to the two men and woman behind him, “they will each say what happened. Christian and David,” he pointed at the two men on the right, “were in the room at the time Jewel is stealed.” Then he pointed to a slightly chubby smiling woman on the left. “Sara works with information and ticketing, and speaks very good English. But we start right to left.”
Christian stood up and started speaking. Faye quickly translated, trying to keep up with him, her focused brows pushed together. I took out the notepad from my bag and scribbled down their accounts. God I wished I knew shorthand.
At nine o’clock there were maybe twentyish people in the room with the jewel. No one struck him as particularly unusual. He doesn’t have to stare at the jewels the whole time because if someone touches a display case, an alarm goes off. But he didn’t hear any alarm and the next time he went to look at the red emerald, it was gone. Nobody in the room looked suspicious. No one was quickly running out. He rubbed his eyes to double check he wasn’t seeing things. But the jewel was still missing. He immediately used his walkie-talkie to tell security. Then the alarms went off and no one was allowed to leave the museum until they had been searched by the police.
“Ask him when he phoned in,” Terry said.
Faye interrupted Christian, who narrowed his eyes at her, obviously annoyed.
“He only noticed it was missing minutes after it disappeared according to the video cameras. He thought he would have heard an alarm. And the police found nothing. Absolutely nothing.”
I shook my hand. My whole forearm cramped from the sheer speed I was writing. I wanted to get everything down. Not one clue would slip from under my nose.
Faye turned to David next. He smiled meekly and, thankfully, spoke slower than Christian. 
David had been thirsty and had gone to the staff room to get a bottle of water, which he brought back and put on the window sill. At that point the jewel was still there. After 10 or 15 minutes, he’s not sure how long exactly, he needed to use the bathroom. When he got back he saw the other guard on his walkie-talkie and then the alarms went off. He looked over and saw that the jewel was gone.
“And what about you?” Terry addressed Sara. “See anyone that struck you as odd or out of place?”
“We get a large variety of people coming to the museum,” she said. “There was no one that I thought was strange. Everyone seemed normal. Except . . . “
“Except what?” I shifted the pad from one knee to the other and continued scrawling. Be nice if they’d offered us a table. Not just these right uncomfortable seats that bit into my ass.
“Well I had a lot of people come up and ask if we had any painkillers.”
“Painkillers?” Jack repeated the word slowly as if he were sounding it out for the first time.
“I don’t usually have so many people asking for some.” 
“When was this?” I asked.
“Different times. Most before lunch.”
“We are going to need to see the security tapes,” Faye told Detective Wurz.
He nodded. “We organize tapes and you four visit the mineral collection where jewel is stealed.”
“Right then,” Jack said, standing up. He patted the science kit he had over his shoulder with an enthusiasm that made me question his sanity. Really, was science that much fun?
“This way please.” 
Jack was the first to follow the detective up the stairs and I went up after him, albeit at a much slower—normal—pace, unable to hold back a chuckle. 
Ah, Jack, you nerd. 
We walked toward a double set of doors with thick wooden frames, their symmetry marred by a sign nailed onto the right beam prohibiting the use of cameras and digital media. Mineral Palace, the room was named. I stepped inside, welcomed by a wall of tepid air. 
Once my eyes adjusted to the dim light, I scanned the room. There wasn’t much palace about it.
 The room was darker than the one we’d come from. Black casings and backdrops show cased the featured semi-precious and precious jewels. At the far back wall was a large temple-shaped cabinet displaying . . . well, to me they were just colorful rocks. I made my way around the room until I spotted the empty stand in the centre.
Across the room, Detective Wurz turned on his heel and walked out, bluntly telling us he’d be back soon. The guy made my blood simmer. Even if he hadn’t blackmailed us into the case, I couldn’t imagine getting on with him. 
I waited until his clunky footsteps had disappeared and moved closer to the empty stand. A plaque on the side read:
Auction 23. August
The proceeds of this 3 carat red emerald (red beryl) will be donated to the children’s cancer society. The auction will be held at our annual National History benefit.
I shook my head. There were three things wrong with this. One: stealing. Although, I guess that did depend on the circumstances, but in most cases it was clearly on the black side of black and white. Two: stealing from children. Now there would have to be an excellent justification for that, if one could be found at all. And three: stealing from dying children. As far as I was concerned that was rock bottom. No way out of that one. No possible excuse good enough to even consider there being grey zones. 
So the question was: what sod would steal this? 
“Not too close, Drake,” Jack said, crouching over a large thick-leathered case. He unclipped the front and flipped the top open. A line of test tubes, filters, gauze mats and a foldable tripod were attached to the lid. On the bottom were other gadgets, bottles of liquids and small containers of metals, all appropriately labeled with letters and numbers.
I glimpsed at the book Jack pulled out: An Encyclopedia of Magical Effects on the Earthly Periodic Table of Elements, by R.T Ronald.
I moved back to Terry. “You want to read or take notes?”
“Read.”
“Faye? Read or notes?”
“Read.” Why had I bothered to ask? Either I delegated or I wrote myself. 
I looked at my sore hand, flexing the muscles back and forth. “Fine.” 
I grabbed two books from my bag and handed An Index of Magics and Oxions to Terry. “You’ll have to listen to Jack to narrow down the magic.” I held out the second book, Uses of Mystical Minerals, to Faye. “Wait a sec,” I said, pulling the book back and leafing through to the index. “Huh. The technical name is red beryl or bixbite, but it’s also known by the mystical name ‘Red Eye’.”
Faye snatched the book out of my hands, her face lighting up like I’d just told them there was a spell in there to fly. 
When she glanced at me, presumably to say ‘thanks, got it now, you can go’, but then she frowned. “What?”
“What?” I asked, shaking my head. “Seriously?”
“It’s just . . . Red Eye? Maybe it sees things, like, the future. How epic.” 
Terry jerked his head up at that, but his gaze was cool, and he was looking at Faye . . . almost like he was worried about something.
I shrugged, and as she got herself comfortable leaning against a wall, I took out my notepad. Again. 
Poised with the pen, I waited. Faye, Terry—they all knew the drill. Shout out when anything important crops up. After a few minutes kneeling stupidly with nothing to write, I put the pen on the paper and turned to Jack. 
He’d unrolled some paper and was evenly pouring iron filings over it. I crossed my fingers whatever magic was used didn’t have a hint of magnetic energy. I couldn’t handle the slow elimination process needed if it did. Way too many worlds with magnetically-based magic. 
Jack placed a compass on the other side of the stand.  I moved my gaze out the window, in the direction the compass pin was pointing. I thanked my lucky stars. “Pretty sure that’s north.”
Jack grinned. “We’re getting off to a good start.”
I crouched to touch the wooden skirting board lining the room. “Let’s hope it stays that way.”
“Hear, hear,” Terry chimed in.
Faye looked up from her book, jerking a finger to my notepad and pen. “It can’t read the future, but it can do a fair bit of stuff.” 
She cleared her throat and read aloud. “Among its more powerful properties is the ability to increase life longevity by up to 20 - 50 years while giving its bearer better life quality through agility, youth, and an excess of endorphins. Dissolved in citric acid and taken in small doses, Red Eye has the ability to boost one’s energy without the need to sleep.” 
Terry whistled.
Jack said, in a bored, sarcastic tone, “No reason anyone would want to steal it at all.” 
I snickered as I jotted down notes. My pen flew across the page. I loved this part. The gathering of information, the different parts of the puzzle . . . that was what I loved about the job. 
Faye continued, “Meticulous care is advised when undergoing this treatment. Overdoses of Red Beryl can lead to manic mental states and quicken the heart to the point of risking heart failure.
“Larger specimens of these jewels can freeze, bend, or speed up time. It allows one to travel back or forward in time, but this is considered extremely dangerous as it could change the chain of historic events, and no successful attempts at time travel have been reported. It also has the potential to create portals that cut through different Oxions.”
I shuddered and hoped the culprit stole the jewel because he wanted to live forever, and not to cut into the time/space continuum. While the first might be selfish, at least it didn’t do much harm. But if time and space were messed with? It could have Oxions leaking into each other. Epic disaster.
End of the world, epic.
“Among its minor properties, this jewel can alter electric currents and magnetic fields and therefore be used to manipulate electronic computing devices and magnetic storage. 
While red beryl’s capabilities to alter electric circuitry could be useful in technological advancement, it can be abused to manipulate technologies such as computers, cell phones, voting machines, or GPS systems. Until countermeasures are developed against this, Red Eye has been banned for the use in commercial products.”
In the corner of my eye I saw Detective Wurz return. He coughed, garnering Faye’s attention and she stopped reading. 
“We have the video tapes for you organized,” Detective Wurz said. “We must go on the first floor to look.”
 “Beryllium can be affected by magnetic, ultrasound, electron-optical, and atomic magic.” Jack muttered, so lost in what he was doing, he probably didn’t even notice Detective Wurz was in the room. “We know it isn’t magnetic, and—”
I knew it was cruel of me, but I couldn’t help it. I clapped a hand on his shoulder. He jumped, dropping the plastic container in his hands, sending iron filings scattering. I chuckled. It amazed me just how lost he could get when it came to that science jumbo.
“Jeez, man, make a sound next time.”
“That’d be half as fun. Besides, the way you were going at it, you wouldn’t have heard me.” I inclined my head towards the door and Detective Wurz. “Coming?”
Jack looked down at the mess on the floor, hesitating as if thinking about whether to clean up first.
“Leave it,” I said, jerking my head in a ‘just go’ sign.
We followed Detective Wurz downstairs to the security surveillance room. Faye was the first to go in. She sat herself down on the central desk chair and swiveled closer to the video screens.  It made me smile seeing how her face lit up; this was her territory. I couldn’t imagine a more perfect setting for her than being surrounded by technology. 
She cracked her knuckles. “My time to shine.”
“You know how this functions?” Detective Wurz gestured to the desk lined with buttons and screens on the walls.
“Easy.” Faye’s fingers were already flying over the keyboard and several windows showing video streams popped up on the screens. The scene played out exactly as we had heard it from the guards. Ten minutes into the video, the jewel just vanished from its case.
Faye, Terry, Jack and I each took a screen showing different perspectives of the same room to have a closer look. We did a round robin of the screens until we’d all checked out the scene from each angle. It was just as the security guards had described. 
On one recording we saw one of the guards, Christian, walking around, not looking in the direction of the jewel, and later using his walkie-talkie to report the situation. In another, the other guard, David, laid down his bottle of water and later left to use the bathroom. 
Faye rewound the tapes to the moment before the jewel disappeared from the screen. Nobody in the room appeared to be looking as it vanished.
“Are you sure no one’s tampered with the video gear?” Terry said, intently looking around.
“No. Nothing’s been touched or fiddled with. I quickly ran a check for any cuts or merges in the background, and it’s come out clean.” I was glad Faye had moved in with us, she made investigating so much easier. Some of the stuff I’d seen her do made my mind boggle, all those numbers and random words; it really was a foreign language. 
Faye shook her head. “Doubt we’ll get much further here without net access. I’ll scan all the faces from the screen to my computer.” She looked at Detective Wurz. “Do you have a list of names the police noted?”
“We became all of the names.”
“You got all of the names. Good,” Faye said, her eyes lighting up, “that’ll make it real easy as pie. I’ll have everything we need to know from birth records to background checks before you know it.” She turned to us, staring at each of us in turn.
When a girl looks at you like that, like Faye was, daring you to challenge her competence, you learn to just nod. Nod and smile.
Nothing good comes of questioning that look.
Terry, though, well nothing could save him. He bit into the wrong hook and didn’t even know it. “Hardly going to be that easy.” He shook his head and looked at Jack and me for backup.
We both shuffled and looked elsewhere, sharing a he’s screwed glance.
“Are you questioning my abilities Terry Parker? Because I will have you know, this next part I could do in my sleep.” She leaned forward, and though she was sitting, the move looked dangerous. Predatory. Terry stepped back, banging into the shelf behind him. “I’ll have us a list of suspects before the night is over, and that’s a bet.”
She turned on Jack, because apparently us guys are a pack and if one makes the wrong move, the rest of us have to suffer too. “Let’s see you figure out what magic our little thief used so fast.”
“And you,” she said, wheeling around to me next, “you can stop that smirk”—(I wasn’t smirking, wasn’t even tempted. Swear. Well, maybe a little)—“and shove it—”
Terry interrupted her, forehead pressed into a frown, staring at the frozen image on the screen next to me. “Can you zoom in, Faye?”
I followed his gaze to the screen. It showed David, a tall woman on his right, and some children playing in the corner. The guard’s bottle was sitting on the sill. 
Faye mumbled something inaudible, ending with a begrudging, “What do you want to see?”
“That bottle of water.”
Jack jumped in front of me and Terry as Faye played the tape a couple of seconds.
“It’s moving,” he murmured; not for our benefit, my guess. 
“Bunch over.” I budged him to the side with my shoulder and he jolted away from my touch like a hunted rabbit. Or stag. Definitely not a rabbit—that was waaay too cutesy. Nothing at all like Jack. 
Except for maybe his grin—.
I shook my head. Jack? Rabbits? Obviously my late night reading was catching up on me. Only way those two compared were if they were feral and snarling.
Looking at the shot on screen, I could see what he’d meant; the water in the bottle was rippling.
Jack inched closer to get a better look at the screen again. “Can you bring up a shot of the entrance at the time of the jewel’s disappearance?”
“You betcha.” Faye brought up the image on screen.
Jack flicked open the book he’d carried down with him. He looked at a couple of pages, hmm-ing and haa-ing. Then slammed the covers together. “I know what magic was used.”
Before anyone of us could ask what?, Jack had left the room. Confused, I stuck my head out the door. He was charging toward the museum entrance. Flipping my hand, I beckoned the others to follow.
Jack stopped in front of the fish tank, the dead fish still floating on top. He tapped the tank. “Our biggest clue,” he said. He addressed Terry. “When you saw the water ripple, it came back to my mind.” He spoke quickly, making it difficult to catch everything. “At the same moment the jewel disappeared, the bottle of water on the sill rippled. That indicates a magic that can pass through liquids. And if it’s strong enough, the waves of magic could pass through things within a large radius, large enough to reach this fish tank. Because it managed to pass through thick walls, the magic must be able to pass through solids, too. That dramatically lowered the possibilities.”
“Uh, how do you know the magic passed through the fish tank?” I asked, taking out my notepad to jot down notes.
“On the video footage, the water in the tank rippled, too,” Jack said. “The last two clues confirmed it though. The receptionist said people had been asking her for painkillers, and look how shiny this fish playground is! It was staring at us right from the beginning.” He shook his head at the last part, as if upset with himself he hadn’t pieced it together sooner.
 He paused to catch his breath. “The magic is based on sound. In this case a very high frequency that cannot be heard by the human ear. Ultrasound.”
Okay, he was clever. 
I had to give that to him.
Terry said, brows pushing together, “Isn’t that what doctors use on pregnant women?”
Faye laughed. “You don’t know that for sure?” And then promptly stopped laughing when Terry’s cheeks flushed. She bit her lip and looked down as if to curse herself.
Jack continued as if he hadn’t heard. “Well, yes, medical ultrasound uses the same principle,” he said, “but this is a magic. I looked it up and all elements found in the missing jewel can be affected by it. If this ultrasound magic is used in large doses, it can cause pain—explaining the sudden demand for painkillers. Fish can die,” He pointed to the tank “and ultrasound can clean stainless steel when it’s under water.”
I straightened up, shaking my hand and sending the pen I’d been holding skittering across the floor. 
“So now?” I said, bending to all fours to find my pen.
“Cross-reference and find the name of the Oxion our culprit came from.” 
“Could we have a copy of the video footage?” Faye asked. Detective Wurz nodded and left. Actually, I’d sort of forgotten he was there with us. He was so quiet. No doubt lost to what Jack was going on about. He looked happy to get the hell away from ‘those freaks’. 
“Guess Jack did solve it as fast as that, Faye,” Terry said, grinning.
She grumbled, but conceded. “I suppose.”
I spotted my pen by Jack’s foot and made to lunge for it, when he picked it up. “One simple task, Drake . . .” And you can’t even get that right.
Maybe it was payback for making him jump earlier. I probably deserved it. But I still snatched the pen off him with a snarl to match his own.






Chapter 3

After two hours of Jack running tests at the museum, he concluded whoever stole the jewel did so from within the mineral room—the magic was more concentrated there. To be doubly sure, he asked Sara to identify those who first asked for painkillers. 
The first three had come from within that room.
Tired and hungry, we finally made it back, only for Terry and me to have to go out again for some food. Ketchup wasn’t going to cut it.
Terry and I each dragged a bag of shopping up the slight incline toward our home. The scent of fried fish from the corner fish ‘n chip shop wafted through the air.
“You think we have enough for a scoop of fries?” Terry licked his lips, but his eyes were glazed over as if he were really thinking about something else. 
Three guesses what.
Counting the change from my pocket, I shook my head. We didn’t even have enough for a pack o’ Tangfastics. 
Silently, we walked around the bend and up the path to a four-story house with a rusty red slanted roof and an old round chimney. From the outside, our home could have been any of the brick houses that lined the street, but inside it was the most unique and mysterious place I knew.
My fingers tightened around the plastic bags, cutting into my palms.
 I would not let it be destroyed.
This was our castle. 
Not that I thought I could do whatever I pleased inside. Having flatmates meant having rules. Not such a bad thing I suppose. When it had been just me living there, I don’t think I cleaned the toilet once. There were some funky looking mushrooms growing in the bathtub when Terry arrived. 
Needless to say, he had not been impressed.
As soon as we entered the kitchen in the attic, the shopping was ripped off us. “Hope you got some meat for us non-vegetarians,” Jack said, searching like a starved jackal through the bags. 
I jumped up and sat on the marble bench, watching him rummage, my head shaking at his greed. Faye entered the kitchen, quiet as a mouse and slid onto the bench behind the table. She opened her mouth as if to say something but zipped it shut again. Instead she studied the purple polish on her nails.
Purple polish had me thinking of black polish, which had my mind slipping to Chrissy. The way she dug her black nails into her drumsticks as she beat out a rhythm on her kit. 
My pulse quickened, as if she’d programmed it into a loop to match. Band practice was tomorrow, I’d see her then. Smoking hot and ready to rock. 
It was the last day of being sixteen, the last day of being close to her and not having a chance. When you’re seventeen, she’d said, you can ask me out then. I don’t know why the wait. I suspect it was to torture me. All I could say to that was: Well. Played.
But tomorrow it was my turn, and I damn well was going to make up for the months of unattainability. Her sweet lips would be raw by the time our first date would be over. 
“What’s this?” Jack held up a carton of eggs, his voice shattering my daydream.
Terry raised his left eyebrow.
“They’re free-range,” Jack said. “We don’t have the money to buy frivolous eggs!” He rummaged through the food looking for the receipt. Had he just said frivolous eggs? I swallowed a chuckle.
“They were only a few pence more,” I said.
Jack surveyed the receipt. About half-way through his mouth dropped open. “You spent that much on beef?” He pulled out the packet. “That’d barely feed a—“
“Flea? You gotta think up some more original comparisons. It’s organic.”
“Organic? Are you shitting me?”
Did we really have to fight about this again? I met his stony glare. Obviously, we did. He turned to Terry. “How could you let him buy organic?”
“Hey!” Faye said, coming over to my side, life bounding back in her cheeks again. “At least that cow had a life before it died.” 
Right on! I flashed her a smile. Things had been so much easier since she’d moved in. I hated being the only vegetarian. Jack never made it easy, bickering about not getting enough iron and serving up stew whenever he had the chance, which meant I’d spend half an hour having to pick out all the meat.  
 “Look, I understand your concerns about animal cruelty, but we’re broke.” Classic Jack change of approach. Pity it was the same argument as the last time. “We need to get as much as we can for our money.”
Faye shook her head. “At the cost of our ideals and beliefs?”
“Well, yeah,” Jack said bluntly before softening his tone, “Our having food is, you know, more important.”
I continued playing with the safety pin that held together the hole on the knee of my jeans. “If we can’t afford it, eat less of it.” That was my line. I braced myself.
Terry looked between the both of us and shook his head. “Don’t you think we’ve got more important things to worry about?”
Hell yeah.
“On that note,” Faye said, her stomach rumbling audibly, “I’m going to make us something to eat. After, you’re all coming to my computer lab. We have some work to do.”

* * *

While waiting for dinner, I put on The Clash, cranked my speakers up and jumped on my bed. Freaking shit. I wanted to curl up into a ball and sleep it off like a nightmare. It just couldn’t be true. This wasn’t just a house we shared and used to jump from Oxion to Oxion. This was our home. 
 “Should I stay or should I go now?”
How apt a song. Sit here and weep like a weak sod? Or actually show I give a damn. Solve this mystery already.
I kicked my sheets to the floor, hating the feeling of being forced into doing something – and I didn’t think you could get a clearer form of blackmail. I stamped my feet as they hit the floor, hoping the sound of my irritation echoed upstairs. 
“If I go there will be trouble. An’ if I stay it will be double.”
The beat of the music pumped through my veins. I loved how some lyrics were able to reflect the reality of my own personal world. It made me . . . connect. And, of course, here was the prime example: I knew we should do it and that we would. That, in fact, we were doing it.
Solving puzzles was an addiction for me. Another one. (What can I say? I’m easily addicted). I thrived off thrill and mystery. If it weren’t for the blackmail part of Detective Wurz’s case, I’d have snatched it up regardless of the money. But taking on the mystery now meant something different entirely. It wasn’t just fun and games. 
If we failed, we’d lose a part of our lives. The only thing any of us could count on.
I glanced at the letters Faye had shown us and ripped them all open. The words on the pages were all gibberish to me, but the content was still there as much as I wished we could ignore or burn them. I tried to imagine the foreign words said something different, less threatening, but it was no use.
Stupid Berlin City Council. What gave them the right? I cussed under my breath, the paper crinkling in my tight palm. I sighed. Of course they had a right—they didn’t know what they were demolishing; that this house was special. As far as they knew, they were removing an uncared-for abandoned house occupied by street squatters. 
I growled, the letters scrunching in my hand.
The idea of these people –any people– messing with our house made me . . . so mad there wasn’t a word for it. Destroying part of our home was like destroying a part of me. 
I shoved the letters on the desk next to T.T Malley’s Oxion House—How To Travel Between the Oxions and walked over to my records shelf. I flicked through my collection, I wanted—needed—to listen to something with a bit more edge. I pulled out a rare autographed, blue vinyl version of Refused’s The Shape of Punk to Come. Gingerly, I took out the record and placed it on the player. New Noise would get me amped up, it always worked.
This time not so much.
I moved back over to my desk and grabbed the packet of cigarettes. It was only mid-afternoon; according to my plan I only had one left for the day. If I drowned myself in the relief of smoke now, there would be nothing left for later. Would it really matter if I had three today? Tomorrow I could jump back on the wagon, do things correctly. But today . . .
I opened up my bedroom window, lit the cigarette and inhaled. The music blasted left and right past my head, and for a moment all my worries washed away.  

* * *

As promised, after dinner Faye squirreled us into her computer lab. 
Faye, Terry and I were seated in front of the four screens on a long table that ran the length of the room. Jack paced restlessly behind us, socks scuffing along the carpet.
“Calm down,” I said, flashing him a frown.
He glared at me. How original. I was about to roll my eyes, when he dropped the glare and rubbed a hand over his eyes. 
He looked tired. 
At Faye’s voice, I refocused on the middle computer screen. “This lady, Beatrice Wymer, I can’t find anywhere. No public or corporate records, no cell phone records, and there are no online pictures of her.”
Jack was now swatting the backs of our chairs with his free hand as he moved.
Faye continued working through the list Detective Wurz had given us, that I was made to hold and read out. 
After an hour-and-a-half more hours of searching, we had the list down to ten names. “I’m certain none of them comes from Earth. I double checked with different sites to make sure. Except for Avice Ballard-Cardon, they’re not in the phone directory, in any net investigations, or public record databases. I didn’t find any of them on Yahoo! People search. I also checked to see if anything came up on Facebook. Nada.”
I skimmed the list. “What did you find on this Avice Ballard-Cardon chick?”
“She’s lived in New York City. She tried auditioning for a place at the Julliard School of Performing Arts, in the drama division.”
“You sure she’s not from here?” Terry asked.
Faye looked at him out the corner of her eyes, and Terry gulped.
“I mean . . . you know what? I believe you.”
She nodded. Perhaps it wasn’t enough that he said he believed her though, because she went right on to explain. “All her cell phone records are only six months old, there’s no birth record, and her last name shows up again on our top ten list. I’ve checked out her online social network, but the only thing I found is she’s taking her friends to visit her family this weekend.”
“Daring,” I said. They’d have to be pretty good friends to take them to her home world. Most people had no idea about worlds and Oxions. What kind of girl was so daring?
“Let’s look at her on the video surveillance,” I said and waited as Faye isolated the shot identifying Avice and Walter. 
“Clearly they’re related,” Terry said. I agreed. There were obvious facial similarities between the older man and what must have been his granddaughter. 
“I’ll see what I can find on them when I check the databases from their home world. Soon as we figure that out. Jack, I’ll need a list of all Oxions using sound-based magic.  Might be a bit of work to tune into their network protocols, but I think I can do it.”
A warm breeze tickled my neck and I turned to find Jack bent over my shoulder. “Keep the list still,” he complained.
* * *
“Never seen anything like it,” I said, handing a piece of paper to Terry with the name of the Oxion our criminal came from. “You won’t ever get me doubting you,” I said to Faye and Terry whacked my arm. 
It was one in the morning, London time, and we all stood outside Terry’s garage on the ground floor. I could smell the addictive scent of petrol drifting under the door.
Faye flushed, proud of herself. “T’was just a bit of research. No big deal.” 
And while I might have been playing nice to keep in her good books, I knew none of us could’ve done it that fast. If at all.
Terry opened the door and we all filed into his pristine garage (as garages go). Nails, bolts, screwdrivers, wrenches, and clamps had their appropriate homes in a cabinet, neatly labeled. The only resemblance this room had to my mental image of a mechanic’s garage was its smell. And my bet is, it wasn’t out of not trying to make it go away.
“So, Dowrl, eh?” Jack said, passing Terry to get to the windows. “What Oxion ring is that?”
The best way to picture the Oxions is to imagine an onion with the world in the epicenter. Each layer was an Oxion, a copy of Earth’s surface geographically, and there were hundreds of layers, the further out you got, the bigger the version of country. Giants and trolls usually dominated the end Oxions. More space probably.
“Three,” I said. “Not too far.” Dropping a few books on a small side table, I jumped on a large desk chair on the left side of the room.
Jack tilted open a window. “It stinks in here. Almost as bad as when Drake smokes.”
This time I did roll my eyes and looked through the gap in the window to the orange glow of the city evening filtering in. 
“Oh wow, Terry, you’re almost done.” Faye was looking at a large table in the centre of the room that held a bicycle. Each wheel had been replaced by black discs.
I glanced at Terry. “Thought you only started a couple of days ago.” 
“Yeah, it didn’t take long at all to install the photovoltaic panels and connect it to the motor.”
“Fuck that’s awesome.”
“Watch the language,” Faye said, a smile quirking her cheek. “But frock. That is awesome.”
Faye had spent over a month convincing Terry to use eco-friendly power to run the engine instead of gas and Terry had finally given in. Pretty sure he only gave in because it was something he’d never built before. He loved a challenge. 
But hey, whatever worked. 
Terry yawned. “Guys, I’d say we go through the suspect list before I topple over.” 
Faye nodded and told him to at least sit down. “Cross referencing with sound as the magical base, we are down to four suspects,” Faye said, “Jack, you have the list.”
Peering at the piece of paper, Jack read aloud, “Avice and Walter Ballard-Cardon, Beatrice Wymer and Rohesia Auber.”
Terry perked up—the tiredness vanishing from his face—rubbing his hands together, eyes hungry. Like mine I was sure. 
“I can confirm the Ballard’s are in fact grandfather and daughter, he’s 71 and she’s 18,” Faye looked at each of us before continuing, “Beatrice is 28 and Rohesia’s 23.” She turned to Terry. “Can you flick on the projector?”
“Got it, gorgeous.”
I think he might have been sucking up to get back into her good books. 
The lights dimmed and the surveillance recordings started playing. 
“Here,” Faye pointed to an old man with a receding hairline facing a young girl. “At the time the jewel disappeared the Ballards are talking.”
“Or arguing?” Terry said, pointing to the girl’s fist rolled up in a ball at her side.
 “Can we find out what they’re saying?” I asked. 
“Start working on it tomorrow,” Faye said. “Might need a few days, there’s no sound attached to the recordings. I’ll need to use a lip reading program.” She sighed. “They take forever to compute.” Faye was back to pointing out the suspects on screen. “This is Beatrice Wymer, looking in the exact opposite direction to the Red Eye.”
The woman was wearing a large thick coat buttoned at the middle. Rather odd considering how warm it had been in that room. She was facing the temple-shaped cabinet displaying semi-precious stones.
“And lastly, here is Rohesia Auber.” On the screen, standing a few inches taller than the guard, I saw a woman; behind her two children had their hands pressed on the glass wall display a few meters from where Beatrice stood. “I matched her line of sight to the Ballards'. Rohesia was looking directly at them.”
“Gives a reason those two were fighting?” Terry suggested. “A couple of others in the room seem to be looking toward them, too.” 
“Possibly,” I said. But you could never take anything for granted. Picking up the books from the side table, I started doling them out.
“Anyway, as Drake said before,” Faye said, “all four are from the Oxion Dowrl.”
“Not only that,” I added, irritated when Jack whipped the last book from my hands. “They’re living in Drupes, a parallel of London.” 
“All of them from the same city?” Jack raised a brow.  
I pressed my lips together. That’d been my reaction exactly. “Yeah,” I said, “Just as well we like our mysteries with a side of . . . mystery.” 
Faye, flickering through her book, said, “On a scale of pretty-similar to mind-bogglingly-different, how crazy is this Dowrl?’ 
“Get the lights and let’s have a look.” I picked up one of the books and Terry, Faye and Jack crowded around with theirs. 
I opened to a folded page in the middle of a thick red-leather book. On it, under the heading ‘Energy sources still used in Drupes’, was a diagram of a dragon attached to a roof. 
The model dragon was bright green and blue, perched on a slanted roof. Lines extended from the feet and hands with the label ‘declawed’. Another label informed us its wings were clipped, making flight impossible. Most disturbing was the building, sketched so we could see into the house. The green dragon tail was pulled taut through the floors, its tip ending in a fire-grate. Blue and red flames flicked in the fireplace and two kids sat playing happily in front. 
I shuddered. “Expect to see dragons, Faye. But not happy ones.” Also dragons that blew fire from their tails, not their mouths. That’ll take some getting used to.
I scanned the information below, wanting to slam the book shut in horror at the words sentient beings. What were they doing chained to housetops?
The fundamental and [only] difference between Dragons and Dorwlians is physiological. . . . are able to communicate intelligibly and rationally, and possess and retain knowledge with both short and long-term memories.

I hurriedly turned the page and cleared my throat. “This parallel world branched off our own history around the fourteenth century. Before the first major medieval witch trials. In this world, witches were protected.”
“Why?” A warm breeze tickled my neck and I turned to find Jack bent over my shoulder. “Keep the list still,” he complained. 
I skimmed the page before answering. “Because of the Plague. Only witches knew how to breed and raise dragons.” I skimmed further and read anything interesting aloud. “. . . It was discovered where witches and dragons lived, almost no one died of the Plague . . . Witches were protected in return for producing dragons . . . Now, on average, there’s one dragon to every household.”
“Why dragons?” Faye said, moving closer to Terry.
“. . . The association was at first thought to be something magical . . . It wasn’t until 1810 that scientists discovered the connection . . . the heat dragons produced killed off the fleas.”
Behind me Jack grunted. “Makes sense I suppose.”
“After they discovered this,” I continued, “dragons were farmed on massive scale to be used as energy sources. They were and still are slaves to the state and family.”
“Sucks,” Terry said, one hand holding a book, the other spinning the front disc on his bike.
“This is interesting.” Faye’s tongue briefly licked her bottom lip. “Drupes used to be known as Londinium—the ancient Roman name. The city changed its name after the Botanical Revolution—”
“The what?” Jack asked.
I grinned. Felt good when Jack didn’t have an answer for everything. 
“I’ve got info on that,” Terry said, now using both hands to support the book. “During the Botanical Revolution, the state invested in parks, forests and gardens. They did it first in an effort to lift the fog over Drupes, then Londinium, caused by Dragon smoke. Also at this time pollution taxes were introduced and dragons had to be fed special food that cleaned their smoke output. Now their smoke is almost entirely pollution-free.”
Faye continued. “They renamed the city to Drupes after a public orchard with peaches, apricots and nectarines was planted in the centre of the city. Drupes meaning ‘stone fruit’.”
Just then my stomach rumbled. Apricots sounded good right now. “Do we have any fruit around?”
“I’ve some apples in my room,” Terry offered, “but they’ve been sitting there a few weeks.” He raised a brow as if to say, should I grab ‘em. I shook my head. Guess I wasn’t that hungry.
Jack laughed out loud, starting out deep and ending up almost an octave higher. It was the sort of laugh that made everyone around him laugh too. “Listen to this,” he said, “since 1886 it has been illegal to let cats, dogs and rabbits roam the street without a leash. A cat on a leash? Weird.”
That was the thing with Jack. The most random things set him off. 
And he didn’t think using dragon fire for heating was weirder?
“Happens ’round here, too. Sometimes,” Terry said.
Jack looked up, face blank. “You’re kidding.”
Faye and I shook our heads. 
“Huh,” Jack frowned and continued, ‘They are only to use a litter bin or a designated public animal loo. According to latest info it costs 50 pence every time, too. Considered a loo tax.”
“Something against pollution?’ Faye’s eyes widened with interest.
I shrugged. “Guess so.” This was getting off topic. I got we were all tired, but the faster we worked, the sooner we could hit the sack.
As if Jack read my thoughts he said, “What I want to know is how we are going to go about this . . . investigation.” 
 Terry clapped his hands together. “We have four suspects. I say we interview them all and look out for inconsistencies. Little like last time.”
“Just like last time,” I said.
“We were lucky last time,” Jack said, “I think we ought to be more prepared.”
Memories of our last mystery streamed to mind. I shuddered.
I opened my mouth to affirmatively reply, when a bird flew in through the window, landing right on the armchair.
In a flash I jumped up. My breathing quickened until I was hyperventilating. 
I tried calling out to Terry, but the words caught in my throat. I took a couple of steps back. My hands were trembling. Swallowing the built up saliva in my mouth, I regained control of my voice box. “Get it away. Quick!” I squealed. 
I couldn’t lift my eyes away from the chair, where the bird sat, perched on the arm. I tried to will the darn thing away. Fly, damn it. Fly. 
It picked something out from under its wing and chirped. I backed up further into the corner of the room. Why in here? I gave Terry a fleeting look, hating to take my gaze off the thing only a few feet away. 
Terry understood. He moved to the bird with his hand cupped in front of him, whistling gently. The bird cocked its head to the side, staring at him. Such a cold calculating move. I shivered. 
As Terry drew nearer, the bird flew closer to me. 
I pressed myself harder up against the wall, palms sweating against the wall. It was night time; the darn thing should be sleeping, not flying into homes uninvited.
Jack started laughing, “It’s only a bird. It’s not gonna bite your head off!” 
Had he not seen Hitchcock’s The Birds? I wanted to tell him to shut up, but probably would’ve let out another soprano-plus squeak. Sure it was ridiculous to be scared, but my body always reacted like this when they came too close.
That’s why it was a phobia.
Ornithophobia.
Faye went over and flung the windows wide open to my right. I eyed them up as an escape plan. If the bird were to lunge any closer, I would make a jump for it.
Jack stopped laughing and I saw him raise a brow. “Seriously?” Then he nodded and grabbed an old newspaper, walking toward the bird.
“Birds are to Drake what spiders are to you,” Faye said, “And don’t deny it, Jack, I heard you squealing like a girl when that black house spider found its way into your bathroom.”
Jack reddened, continuing toward the bird. “Okay, but come on. Birds are . . . and well, spiders are, you know, ugh.” Jack shuddered, then swiped the air with the newspaper in front of the bird, sending it fluttering in fright. It chirped at Jack. Then, deciding perhaps he wasn’t worth it, flew out the window. 
Cautiously, I moved back to my chair. I cleared my throat. “Let’s get back to work then.” But I couldn’t properly settle on my seat, flashes of that thing staring at me with its beady evil eyes made me squirm. 
Freaking birds. 
“I still don’t get how can you be more freaked out by a bird than by some crazy guy holding a gun to your head,” Jack muttered behind me.
I thought back to our last case and shrugged. “Their beaks, they’re so . . . pointy. They just scare the living daylights out of me, okay.” Not that I needed to give him a justification.
Terry went back to reading. Jack looked over his shoulder. “What’s that?” he asked. On the page was a diagram of a round ball attached to a strap, fluffy on one side and smooth on the other. 
Turning the book on its side, Terry let him get a better look. “The chapter is on technology, so I guess it’s… some kind of… technology?” He smiled faintly. “Here it says it’s called a Soundimer.”
“That’s their wand,” I said, jumping up to check it out, bird issues behind me. For now. 
 “Wand?” Jack said. “You’ve got to be kidding. It looks like a ping-pong ball gone wrong.”
“Can’t wait to see that in action,” Terry said.
“Speaking of action,” Faye said, “do you think it will be dangerous? Like, you know, the last time?”
I clenched my teeth together. “Hope not.” I shook the dark thought away. “At any rate, we had better be prepared.”
“How so?” Jack asked.
“Well . . . we are three pretty sturdy guys—”
Faye shook her head. “Look, I’m not going to go all feminist on you, don’t take it that way, but none of you hold any beef to a dragon, or even a goblin as it turns out, so . . . I just don’t think you three sturdy guys will be enough.” 
I glanced at Terry. “One of us does karate.”
“Yeah, since our last case. He’s yellow belt. I’m sorry, but Faye’s right.”  Jack held my gaze before continuing, “How can we keep ourselves, say, out from gun-point?”





Chapter 4

I rolled over, chucking a pillow over the back of my head, pressing the cotton covered goose feathers against my ears. What time did he call this?
The rattling of the locked door came again. “It’s eight in the morning. Up.” The way Jack said eight sounded as if I’d overslept.
I moaned, “Come back in an hour . . . at least.”
The receding footsteps made me relax. There was something about a morning bed that was alluring; cozy and snugly, unlike at nights when the sheets were cool and crisp. It was hard for me to get to sleep some nights, but it was harder getting up in the mornings. 
Dozing, I dreamed of the gig my band had next week. I was standing on stage but where my guitar should’ve been was a bright pink potted plant with a sunflower growing in it. The rest of the band fervently nodded at me to start playing like they couldn’t see what the trouble was, why I hadn’t already started. 
Chrissy’s sparkling green eyes mocked me, laughing, and I could hear the number 17 falling from her rosy lips. The audience in front of me was still, unmoving, only the occasional blinks told me they were watching, waiting for something to happen. I opened my mouth to sing, and opera came out. Seriously, opera?
  The harsh, tangible sound of a key entering a lock and the snap of the bar as it slid away from the door frame woke me. Thank God we had two more practices before the big night. 
I waited for Jack’s intrusion. It could only be him, no one else would be so bold, and even if they were—Faye usually slept till midday, and Terry always used the quiet morning time to work on his projects.
“Knew that spare key would come in handy.” Jack’s voice had a satisfied undertone.
I turned onto my back, kicked the bedcover away while lifting my arms above my head and stretching. “Jesus. I don’t ever barge in on you. Why didn’t you wake Faye first? She’s the one who sleeps longest.”
“Faye doesn’t take forever getting ready.” Like some people, his arched brow seemed to say before he left the room.
I slowly sat up, swung my legs off the side of the bed and stretched again, a low growl escaping me as my muscles extended and contracted. Rubbing my eyes, I let myself adjust to standing on two legs for a moment before fishing for my towel on the back of the armchair. 
My wardrobe was empty. Darn. Moving to my clothes draped armchair, I lifted my tee-shirts one by one, sniffing under the armpits. I settled on a green tee with a stencil of yellow headphones on it. I’d only worn it twenty minutes, but had taken it off after sloshing tomato juice down it. All I had to do was wet the small area on the bottom hem and it’d be fine. Mental note to self: I really couldn’t put off doing a wash any longer.
After I’d showered, changed and spiked my hair, I went back to my room. My whole body was itching and unsatisfied. Opening the desk drawer, I pulled out a pack of cigarettes.
In my right hand, I held the light cardboard box upside down and tapped it with my left palm. Slowly I drew one out, sniffing the length of the smooth white paper. 
I fumbled on my desk, searching for my lighter.
Where was it? I was sure I’d left it next to T.T Malley’s Oxion House. I checked the bookshelf and the pocket of yesterday’s jeans. Nada. 
Crap.
Guess matches would have to do.
Opening my window and popping my upper body outside, I lightly placed the orange end of my addiction between my lips. In one stroke I lit the match; cocooning the flame with my hand I brought it up and let it kiss the finely cut tobacco leaves and paper. I sucked in short quick puffs and once I tasted the first bit of smoke, started fully inhaling, letting the smoke work its magic in my lungs.
Down the spiral staircase through the open door, I could hear a ruckus from the kitchen area. I knew what that was about. Sighing, I inhaled once more before saving the rest of my beautiful cigarette for later.
Upstairs, piled higher than I thought possible, was a teetering tower of every dish, cup and utensil we had. One wrong breath and Jenga. 
Make that every dish, cup and utensil minus a pot and two wooden spoons, I thought, at seeing sleepy-eyed Faye and Terry eating their muesli.
“I’d do anything for a dishwasher,” I grumbled, plugging the sink, having no idea where to start with the mess. If I took the wrong thing, everything would collapse. 
Twisting the hot tap and pouring in some detergent, I watched the foam thicken; white and foamy. Childish or no, I loved bouncing my hands on the top of it—as a kid I used to believe clouds were suds, readying themselves to drop down and clean the city.  
Us kids would sing “Rain, rain go away, come again another day.”
If only there was such a song to make dishes go away. “Maggot-fest,” I cursed and, stretching my Jenga-fingers, chose a mug for my first extraction.
The pile wobbled, but kept steady. I dunked the mug into the water.
“Finally,” I heard Jack cheer behind me. He came over to the sink, a smug grin plastered across his face.
I cupped my hands into the water and tossed it on him. “Piss off.”
The foam landed on his hair, chin, and neck. Behind us, Terry laughed, stopping when Faye nudged him in the ribs.
Jack stood still a moment, staring at me. Then, without removing the suds, moved to the fridge. Huh, I’d been expecting an insult or two at that—
Something slimy hit my face. I threw my fingers up to see what it was. Then looked from my red fingertips to my red splotched tee-shirt to Jack. In his hand was the new bottle of ketchup we’d bought yesterday, its lidless top held towards me like a weapon. 
“Man,” I said, eyes glued to his, like cowboys in a duel, “you suck. That was my last tee.” 
For a second, I thought I caught Jack wavering as if sorry for plastering me in sauce, but before I could be sure Terry landed a hand on my shoulder. “Come on Drake, you can borrow one of mine.” 
At the calming sound of his voice, I realized how much I’d tensed up. Doing my best to ignore Jack, I let Terry lead me away.
As much as I loved Terry, his room freaked me out. The bed was always made crease free, the pillows arranged symmetrically, and on his desk stood an army of model robots in file, shining as if they had a daily dusting. 
Terry lifted a few neatly folded tee-shirts out of his chest of drawers. “These should fit. It’s probably a good idea to do a load of washing, though.”
“On my list of to-dos.” I reached behind my neck, pulled off the victim of my fight with Jack. “Man he bugs me.”
Terry frowned, picking up a walkie-talkie contraption he was designing from his desk. “You don’t see it, do you?” 
Before I could ask him to explain, Terry’s walkie-talkie slipped to the floor and he cursed. “Oh, baby,” he crooned, gently placing it back on his desk.
I chucked on the nearest tee, deep red and fitting perfectly. “I owe you.”
Stomping up the stairs, I passed Jack without a glance, and pulled more dishes into the sink, the remainder of the pile wobbling. I scrubbed the burnt pots with the now lukewarm water. “Let’s stick up a reminder for people to soak the pots,” I said to Faye sitting at the table.
“Terry does that already.”
“Well of course he does it.”
“Drake? I was wondering about Drupes, will we be okay dressed like this? We won’t be offending their etiquette will we?”
Faye wore a pair of jeans, black sneakers and a highlighter-lemony green zip-up cardigan. Holy Macaroni. 
“The only thing you’ll be offending for sure are our eyes,” I said, chuckling, “What’s with the caterpillar-top?” 
“Caterpillar-top?” she started shrugging out of said cardigan-thing. “It was on sale. I don’t want to be one of those girls that always wear black.”—She paused, before amending – “Not while I’m young and have a figure.” Then she huffed. “Least my jeans don’t need to be held up with safety-pins.”
I looked down, at my low slung jeans with two lovely holes at the knees. Hey, it was my style.
 “Anyway,” I said, answering Faye’s earlier question, “I don’t know what they wear. Didn’t get around to checking that out. I’d say just keep it simple. If we need to change, we pilfer something there.” 
Terry entered the room, grabbing a dish towel. “You have band practice tonight?” 
“Yeah,” I said, “mind if we use your garage?”
“Go ahead. I’ll just move a couple of projects.”
“If it’s a big deal—“
“I get front row seats, remember. Besides, not like I’m gonna say no when it’s your birthday.”
“Not yet.”
“Midnight. Close enough.”
Midnight. I’d be seventeen. The thought made me suddenly nervous. I’d been dreaming of this moment for months; of finally being old enough to register on Chrissy’s radar. But I still hadn’t planned how I was going to approach her. What would I say? How would I say it?
I must have said Chrissy’s name, because Terry chuckled.
Jack marched into the room, coldness radiating off him as he slumped at the table. If I thought he’d looked at me darkly before, I’d been mistaken. His brown eyes bored into mine, in them anger and resentment, and . . . something else. 
“Let me give you a tip,” Terry said, “don’t come on too strong.”
Faye’s voice sailed over to me. “And listen.” 
“God, stop with the advice, already,” I said, louder than I meant to. 
It wasn’t like I’d never had a girlfriend before. Although, admittedly it had been a while; before I’d moved into the house. And I probably hadn’t been the best boyfriend either; I was pretty messed up back then. But with Chrissy it was different. She was so self-confident, so herself, just plain . . . awesome. There was no way I was gonna mess this up.
“I’m going to print the map of Drupes,” Faye said, thankfully changing the subject. 
 “I’ll come with you,” Jack said, his expression lightening up. Faye nodded. 
That was weird. I really thought they only put up with each other. . . A flatmate tolerance-thing. Like, meh, can’t choose my flatmates—not in this house—but I can choose my friends.
Outside the house, there’s no way they’d have ‘chosen’ the other.
“Gonna help me prepare the door, Drake?” Terry said, slapping my back.
Oh yeah. “Give me a sec,” I said, pulling off the cleaning gloves, “let’s meet on my floor.” 
It took me five minutes to get what I needed. Terry was already waiting outside my room, carrying a ladder under one arm and swinging a mahogany toolkit in the other.
“Let’s do this!” he said.
We trotted down the hall to the huge metal door. Its size made even Terry’s height seem small. 
Where others might only see a chunk of metal with hinges, two doorknobs on either side, and what looked like an alarm pad in the middle connected to cogs, I took pride in seeing it for what it really was.
A door where the possible met the impossible. 
Our world and the Oxions. 
Where words like ‘normal’ and ‘interesting’ became meaningless—could only be defined in terms of experience.
It represented BFAA. (Big Fucking Awesome Adventures)
I smiled, resting my thumb on Trinka—the alarm-pad lookalike. A small jolt of electricity shocked my hand, and I quickly removed it. 
“Bites every time,” I muttered, watching the cogs twist, pushing each other in rotation, once—twice—three times. 
“It knocked Faye to the floor the last month.” Terry shook his head. “I really should check if I can do anything about it.” 
I knew why Terry hadn’t tinkered with it so far; he was afraid it wouldn’t be the same after, that somehow he’d destroy our connection to the Oxions, to the magic that transported us there. A shudder ran through me imagining what it would mean if a whole floor were demolished. Would it affect the rest of the house? Or would that floor just cease to exist anymore?
I concentrated on the Trinka. Underneath the screen where I’d place my thumb were nine tiny numbers and an ‘enter’ key. Flicking open D.H Lawdonna’s Directory to the Oxions, I looked up the area codes we needed. ‘Oh-two-oh-three-and-oh-seven.’ The door started humming, vibrating through my teeth. I grinned up at Terry. “Your turn.” 
Terry moved to my right side and set up the ladder. He climbed up a few rungs so that he could reach the large rectangular latch on the supporting beam above the door. He smiled as he looked down at me and I was reminded of the Cheshire cat. 
Gripping the lever, he pulled the latch and locked it down. The humming in the door grew louder. Terry smiled and leaped off the ladder, almost landing on me, but I quickly darted out the way. 
We took the spiral stairs two at a time to the Faye’s lab. “You guys ready?” Terry boomed.
Jack and Faye were back in the living room, papers on the table before them. 
Faye straightened a few papers on the edge of the desk and lifted them toward me. “Think so.”
Then she dropped the papers on the table as Terry pulled her out of her chair and into a spin. Jack dodged a swinging foot, ducking toward the staircase.
“Got the map! And the notepad.” I heard Jack call. “Let’s go!” 
I snatched up my satchel and followed Faye and Terry to the door. 
Terry rested his hand on the left doorknob, Faye clutched the banister and Jack dangled a bag over his shoulder.
I grinned. “Let’s have it.”







Chapter 5


Terry swung the door open and a blast of air greeted us, howling and whipping at our hair. Outside I could only see a swirl of colors. 
The wind grew stronger, and we bent into it, fighting to keep from toppling over. Faye gripped onto the staircase banister. Jack was thrown back a step, almost bowling me over. I clasped a hand on his arm, making sure neither of us got knocked down. 
The vigor of the wind died slowly, until I could faintly make out the other side of the street. A row of houses stood over an alley, the upper floors slanted, casting thick shadows on the ground. The word that first came to mind? Gloomy. 
“You can let me go now,” Jack said, twisting to look at me. “Not going to bang into you anymore.” He reddened as he spoke, and quickly jerked his head back toward the street. 
I released him, stepping back, dwelling over it only a second before stepping closer to the door; Drupes: Oxion level three. We were here. A Coca-Cola fizzing thrill rushed through my veins. 
I breathed in the Drupes air. If it was cleaner than London, I couldn’t really tell. 
“Who’s the first on our list?” Faye asked.
“Avice Ballard-Cardon,” I said, crossing the threshold behind Jack and Terry.
“You all remember your names?” Faye asked. “And our story?”
“Michael Rhoton,” Terry grinned. “And we’ve arrived early. Avice is at the supermarket.”
“Harry Thins,” Jack said.
Faye caught my eye. “I’m not sure I remember, Mary Wallace,” I said, now walking down the narrow street, Jack to my left and dragging behind. “Did it start with Jerry Rost by chance?” 
The first ten minutes, we walked Drupe’s grotty streets, passing near-starved beggars, hollow-eyed drug addicts, and prostitutes. None of us liked that our home tucked itself away in the dodgy-unnoticed edges of town, but at least we kept a good grip on reality. Nothing was perfect. Magic didn’t mean fairytales; it meant cleverer trickery, cunning, and craftiness.
“Eerie.” Eerie. Eerie. The dark houses spat Faye’s quiet word back at us. She huddled closer to Terry.
“I hate to admit this, but I’m so glad I’m with you boys,” Faye said, and Jack tucked an arm around hers. I watched them. Huh, maybe I’d been wrong and they really were friends. My gaze slipped from Faye to Jack’s arm. Not so long ago, I’d been holding Jack’s arm, like that. Tighter maybe? 
Why did it matter?
Why was I still thinking about it?
Weird.
We curved around a corner. Unconsciously, I’d moved next to Jack. Close enough, apparently, to notice him shudder. I bumped a friendly elbow lightly into his side. “They won’t be able to hurt us,” I said as I followed his gaze to the dragons atop the houses. “They’re chained to the roofs.”
“It’s not that,” he whispered. “It’s so . . . sad.”
I studied the rows of dragons strapped in chains, smoke curling from their skyward tilted jaws. Their grey bodies ranged from serpentine to oval shaped, from beanstalk to weensy, but they all shared the same sad black eyes.
“How long have they been there?” Jack asked.
“From what I read, their whole lives. Once they die, they’re replaced.” I felt sick too. Reading about and seeing this was another thing completely.
Terry’s normally rambunctious voice was a whisper. “Let’s hurry.”
Jack lowered his gaze to look directly ahead. The rest of us did the same. 
But doing that made me feel cold. Hundreds of years those dragons had sat there. Maybe would another hundred more. How many people had simply bowed their heads and waltzed on by? Ignored them without a thought? 
I could curse the Drupian people.
But then, hadn’t I done that too? How many beggars had I passed waiting for the tube or outside malls only to ignore them? Maybe if I’d looked, really looked, I’d have seen the same sad, dark eyes. . .
I shuddered.
“What are you thinking?” Jack asked, trying to decipher my expression.
“Next time we pass a beggar back home,” I whispered back, “make sure I give them something.” 
Jack surprised me by nodding, glancing at the roof tops, and hastily looking away again. I wondered if, in that moment, his mind worked the same way mine did.
We hiked the next half hour in silence. Other than the occasional person half-running past us, their heads bowed refusing all eye contact to avoid trouble, it felt empty. And although the sun shone down on us, it felt depressing. Even with the ripening apple trees lining the sides of the street, the city was dark.
At the city centre, a spectrum of crayoned dragon-chimneys, colors shining brilliantly, looked like festive adornments framing a large square park. We stood in the middle of the square staring at them; their eyes the only giveaway to their distress. Opposite me, a plump red and green spotted dragon caught my eye. Quickly, I averted my gaze. Gawking was rude; lemon on a stinging wound.
Faye broke the silence. “It’s so empty. Where is everyone?” 
“It is Sunday,” Terry said, shrugging his shoulders, like that explained everything. “Where to now, Drake?”
“Ask Jack, he has the map.” 
Jack’s eyes narrowed at me and I stepped back from him. What was that on about? I thought we’d come to some unspoken apology about the whole soap bubble incident. “I asked you whether you had the map.”
Man, his tone was blunt. “No,” I said, “you said, and I quote, ‘Got the map! And the notepad, let’s go!”’
Jack shook his head. “I said, ‘Got the map? And the notepad? Let’s go.’ Didn’t you hear my voice rise at the end? They were questions.”
How was I supposed to tell the difference? “Stupid Kiwi accent,” I muttered, wishing there was a stone or something to kick, not just grass.
“Why didn’t we find this out sooner?” Terry asked. “We were following you.”
“I was following Jack.”
“And I was following Drake.” We exchanged a look that hovered between annoyance and amusement. It was the flip of a coin which way things would go. To buzzkill or not to buzzkill, that was the question.
Jack looked at me. “One simple task. . . .” There might have been a trace of a grin, but I suspect it was a trick of the light. I was about to shrug it off with a chuckle, when he added, “Knew I should’ve packed it myself.”
To buzzkill it was then. 
“Think I wrote the address on a scrap piece of paper,” Faye said, fishing in her bag. “Yep, here it is: 37 Jujube Alley.”
We’d looked it up briefly last night before crashing. I closed my eyes and pictured the map. Avice Ballard-Cardon didn’t live too far from the square. I was pretty sure I could remember enough to get us there. I checked each of the four corners, until one of the street signs looked familiar. Well, familiar enough. I beckoned the others to follow me. “This way.”
Jack looked as if he were about to say something, but then changed his mind, and Terry and Faye just sort of shrugged and went with it.
Yeah, I thought, making one left and a right, I was pretty sure of where I was going. 
As if Faye could read my thoughts, she looked sideways at me. That had a domino affect. Terry grinned as he glanced at me, and Jack yanked his gaze away when I tried to return his gaze.
So okay, maybe I was only kind of sure where we were heading. When I rounded a corner leading to a dead end, Mr. Buzz kill spoke up. 
“Let’s ask for directions.” 
I hated that it was him to suggest it. If it’d been Faye or Terry, I might have agreed, but damn Jack and his always being right.
“It’s just a little further,” I said, turning down a long, narrow street.
“I’m pretty sure we’ve seen this street before.”
Shut up, Jack!
“You’re just too stubborn to admit we’re lost. “
“No, I’m not lost.” I was lost.
“I’m going on my own.’ I watched him huff and puff away.
“We should stick together,” Terry said. 
“I’m not going after him, he can sulk on his own.” I mean, come on, I wasn’t asking for much. Just a bit of patience.
“You go with Faye,” Terry said, resting his eyes on Faye’s. “I’ll catch up to Jack, try talk to him.”
“C’mon.” I beckoned her to follow me, feeling stubborn and stupid, but still unable to stop and admit it. 
“He’ll get over it,” Faye said, picking at a leaf off a nearby bush and flicking it between her fingers. “You’ll be back to being friends in no time.” 
Friends? Is that what we were? I thought I just tolerated him because I had to. If we didn’t live together, I wouldn’t hang around such an annoying, negative, know-it-all.
“Don’t look so disgusted, Drake. That’s what you are.”
I raised my brow at her as if to say, really? “Jack and I . . . ” There was a ring to the words that made me shiver. “ . . . we co-exist.” Yeah, that was about right. We existed together while remaining different. Individual. Separate. “I get on well with you and Terry. I don’t need more than that.”
“We’ll see.” 
I let that go. 
For the next fifteen minutes we walked in silence. We passed a small park, where all the people that failed to be on the streets sat enjoying their picnics and watching their children play. Nearly every lamppost had a neatly hung sign, parties campaigning for the next election. Bernlak Fitzroy: I’ve Done It Once, I’ll Do It Again. Or the cornier version: Don’t Eject, Re-Elect! In smaller letters their promises for the next term were outlined. The man looked barely thirty, too young to be Mayor. He was attractive though, so maybe that made up for his age: like with books, who knew how many judged him by his cover?
We turned a corner and I smiled. “See, Jujube Alley. I told him I’d find it.” Complete coincidence. “Number 37, right?” I was smug, but I didn’t care. I couldn’t wait for Jack to hear about this. To rub it in. 
My smile dropped once we arrived at house 37. Sitting on the veranda, with a hot cup of tea, were Jack and Terry. Jack’s lips were upturned in a smirk. He was enjoying this. 
Probably as much as I would have been had the tables been turned. 
Point Jack.
I scowled.
Seated next to Terry was an elegant fifty-or-so year-old woman in a green apron dress; Avice’s mother most likely. 
“We were beginning to worry,” Jack said, a noticeably fake and mocking concern lacing his words. What he really meant was “I’m so happy I got here first.”
Terry sneezed twice. “My nose is itchy.” He sent Jack and me a warning glare to stop our impending bicker-fest. “Jerry, Mary, this is Avice’s mom, Josina.”
We exchanged hellos.
“Avice has talked so much about you all. You in particular, Jerry.”  She winked. “I’m hoping you’ll tell me how you met? Avice is too shy to talk about it. Would you like a cup of tea?” Josina jumped up from her seat and bustled inside. 
I opened the gate and followed. I could hear Jack chuckle as I came past. Faye was also giving me a look. “What?” I said quietly.
“It’s not obvious?” Jack said.
“You’re the . . . boyfriend,” Terry said.
Oh, this was going to be fun. 
“My bet is you met her at a theatre show,” Faye said.
“Nah,” Terry said, “a club.”
“Bet you a week’s worth of dishes it involves animals of some kind,” Jack said. The challenge was meant for me.
“Two weeks’ of dishes,” I said and continued alone into the house.
Josina was already standing in the kitchen. In the palm of her hand was a round ball attached by a strap which looped around her middle finger. I immediately recognized it as the Soundimer.
“Can I help you with anything Mrs. Ballard-Cardon?” I said from the hall doorway.
“Please, call me Josina. Come in, come in,” She beckoned me into the spacious kitchen, a strong breeze washing though the opened back door. “Have you seen one of these at work yet? Has Avice shown you?”
I shook my head. “Avice doesn’t use magic in our world. She wants to fit in. Live as we do.” I smiled and leaned on the counter toward her. “I haven’t wanted to ask her much about it. I like her to feel just like one of us.” Then, making my voice as shy as possible, I added, “But I have to admit, I’m curious.” 
“What would you like to know?” 
Bingo.
“Maybe you could explain to me as you use it?” I suggested.
“Right, I was just going to make you a cup of tea. When we use a Soundimer we have to squeeze the ball together before and afterward, like this.” Josina cupped her fingers over the ball and opened them again.
“What happens if you don’t?”
“Oh, it’s not like you have to, it just gets very cold if you don’t.” Josina brought the Soundimer closer for me to see. “Our magic is based on sound. It can’t produce things, it can only rearrange. I can’t make tea with it unless I have everything here. Well, within a 10 meter radius anyway.”
I made a quick estimation in my head. The mineral cabinet at the Natural History museum was certainly under that. “Do you have to say a spell or something?”
“Goodness no. What a lot of faffing about that’d be. Imagine having to memorize a spell for everything!” She shook her head. “No, no spells. Guess you could say that’s the real magic of the Soundimer. It reads our thoughts, what we want.”
I frowned. “Sounds complicated.”
She hummed. “I’m probably just no good at explaining it.” Taking a breath, she tried again. “Think of your brain like an electrical current and your veins the cables that transmit the electrons, sending messages. This,” she lifted the Soundimer, “decodes the messages and emits sounds accordingly. Hundreds and thousands of tiny waves filter outward until it finds what we want.” Josina thrust her hand and within ten seconds a cup, a teabag, hot water and milk all appeared in front of her. 
“Wow,” I murmured. “I guess I was expecting to see stuff flying from the cupboards.”
Josina chuckled. “The sound waves dissemble the particles of an object and put them back together again. I’ve always liked to think it’s because things are too heavy to carry otherwise. This way each wave can handle the load.”
“Does the reappearing have to be within the ten meter radius?” I wanted to make sure none of the rules slipped by me. I needed to know if, when the jewel disappeared, it had reappeared within the same room. 
“Anywhere within a spherical radius.” 
So, the jewel could have reappeared above or below the room as well as in it. “That’s pretty much everything, really. Well, the more complicated something is, the more energy is needed. Sometimes it’s better to do things the long way rather than use the Soundimer, otherwise it can kind of stall for a few days from overuse. That’s a pain. Not so cool anymore, huh?”
“No, that’s . . . fascinating. Nice to get why Avice hates cooking so much.” I grinned. “May I use the bathroom?”
“Up the stairs, first door on your right.”
Upstairs, I peeked through the doors until I came to Avice’s room. It looked like something from a catalogue. From how much it dominated her room, I guessed her favorite color was red. 
Moving over to her desk, I looked through the trash bin and pulled out a week-and-a-half old newspaper, chucking it in my bag to check out later. I checked her calendar, but there was nothing circled; no appointments to be seen.
Her bookshelves were lined up with plays, with all the works of Shakespeare there, but also modern and post modern theatre pieces, and stuff from authors I’d never heard of—Dowrl classics, maybe. I paused at Top Girls, and nodded, approving her taste. Then I checked out her music collection. That made me want to barf. Her good taste did not extend as far as her ears. I mean, Classic Alpenhorn Symphonies?
Still shaking my head in disgust, I poked my hand between the mattress and bed base. A classic hiding place for things parents weren’t meant to see. 
Drat. Nothing. 
I studied her room again, not wanting to miss anything. That’s when I noticed the picture hanging over her bed. Nothing unusual about the picture, but the frame was dusty. Dusty everywhere except the bottom left corner. 
Checking it out, I moved the frame slightly from the wall. “Hot cakes!” I whispered, smiling as I withdrew a small hard book from the back of the picture. Her diary. 
No lock, good. It never made sense to me why some diaries were locked. They only ever caused inconvenience to the owner—I mean, who ever remembers where they put that damn key?—anyone really wanting to read it would just break the lock. 
It was a fat book, red, of course. I randomly opened at the middle. 
Man I just love food! To remember: Salad Andrews for the best salads (but that was probably obvious wasn’t it?), Tiny Totters for the most awesome sweet potato croquettes, Eight, Nine, Ten for the finest spider patty burger, Alco Ococ for the best fizzed jam, Cindy Cunday for a pretty damn good ice cream...
 I flicked to the last entry dated two days before the jewel’s disappearance. 
All this travelling to and from Dowrl is making me mad. I wish I could walk through my door and bam, I’m in New York. 
Travel inconvenience. But was that enough to steal a jewel that can cut through dimensions?
Flipping through the pages, block letters captured my attention. 
I have to meet up with granddad. Get him to tell mum. 
Tell mum what? Was this possibly what they were fighting about in the museum? 
A couple of pages previous to that I found the entry I was looking for. 
Met Jerry today. And I think he’ll be the one. Went to buy some food for Mr. Miffy and there he was, buying mice. 
Mice? She met Jerry over mice? Darn. Jack was right—their meeting involved an animal. How did he know? I squeezed the diary tighter and continued to read. 
I said, ‘the black mouse is kind of cute.’ He said, ‘it didn’t matter really what it looked like.’ I said, ‘if only that were the case for every guy.’ He laughed and picked up the black mouse; ‘Slippy’s in for a treat tonight.’ ‘Slippy?’ I asked. ‘My python,’ he said. ‘What are you buying?’ ‘Food for my mouse.’ I smiled faintly at him and left the store. Outside, he followed me all the way home. At the front door, I whipped around to ask what the hell he was thinking, but he produced a key from his pocket. ‘Looks like we live in the same apartment building’, he said.’ 
Slamming the diary shut, I thought about what I’d say to Jack. I didn’t want to see him all smug-faced again today, that would just make me flat out hate him. 
And I really didn’t want to do dishes. 
Two weeks’ dishes!
I slipped the potential evidence into my bag and made my way downstairs, where Josina had a warm cup of tea waiting for me. They were all inside now, sitting in the lounge. I didn’t want to sit on the sofa, because I would crinkle the cushion. Looking at the neat, dust-free arrangement of figurines on the table made me think that Josina may have been related to Terry. 
“I’m just going to get some biscuits and muffins,” Josina said, leaving the room her voice trailing as she moved down the hall. “I always make both, because Avice loves biscuits and loathes muffins. But for me it’s the other way round.” 
“She’s so nice,” Faye said. “Makes me feel extremely guilty.”
Terry shrugged and I knew what he was thinking. He felt a little bad at what we were doing, but more important was that we did anything to save our home. 
Two minutes later, Josina came back in, carrying a plate of muffins. “Here we are.”
Faye smiled, grabbing one. “Thanks.”
“All of you. Take one,” Josina urged. Still, we all reached to grab one. “Eat up, I’m just going to . . . check on my washing. I’ll be back soon.”
My gaze moved from a retreating Josina to the muffin; it looked like there were almonds on top. I brought it to my lips and stopped, almost dropping the muffin. On the far wall, under a mantelpiece, also decorated with an overabundance of ornaments, was the fireplace. I couldn’t believe I hadn’t seen it sooner. 
Jack sensed my sudden stiffness. “What?” he asked. 
“Have you seen it?” I whispered, pointing.
All our eyes shifted from our muffins toward the plain stone fireplace. Blue fire plumed out from the back of the grate, coming from a tortoise-like shell cone. The dragon’s tail! 
We stared at the steady flame. I didn’t know what the others were thinking, but all I could think was how strange, fascinating, and cruel this was.
I stepped to the left to see more. The shell-tail curved up the side of the stone wall and disappeared up the chimney shoot. 
“Is that how—”
“Yes,” I said. “This is where the dragons get plugged.” I shivered, imagining the tail, pulled taut down the two storey house. 
“It looks painful,” Jack said, lifting his muffin to his mouth.
“Yeah,” I said.
Just as Jack took a bite, the doorbell rang—D-d-d-diiiing.  Josina’s heavy footsteps moved toward the door.
“This tastes funky,” Jack said, eyes widening. He clutched his stomach and doubled over. He gasped, “Don’t eat! She’s spiked—” 
He collapsed. 






Chapter 6

I lunged to grab Jack as he fell at the same time Terry knocked the muffin from Faye’s lips. Down the hall we heard the sound of the door opening, and Josina’s voice. “They’re imposters and they’re in my house!”
Terry grabbed Jack’s other arm and we hauled him out the living room. “Kitchen!” I said. “Back door.”
We raced through the back garden, toward a rickety-looking gate, hopefully leading to a street. Faye ran ahead, yanking the gate open to let us through. Behind us, I heard the sound of a door slamming. 
“They’re heading this way!” Faye said and we picked up our pace, Jack’s head lolling, chin to his chest. We hurried down an alley edged with fences on one side and rows of trees on the other. 
Terry jerked his head toward the trees, motioning for us to head in there. The ground was soggy underfoot, but the maze of trees before us left endless hiding possibilities. Terry and I shared a glance at the sound of shoes slapping against a path. 
“I think they’re coming this way,” Faye said. “You guys get Jack to safety, I’m going to get them off our track.”
“No!” Terry said, fear flashing in his eyes and he stopped.
Faye didn’t answer, except to run back toward the street, crashing through the thicket. 
Ahead, I saw a small clearing and a picket fence leading into an apple orchard. “There,” I said to Terry, pointing to a Golden Harvest City Park sign. The map of the park was shaped into an ‘L’ and with the hundreds of trees crammed together in rows with thick trunks it was perfect for hiding. 
I took all of Jack’s weight on me and slid into a sitting position at the base of a thick tree trunk, Jack’s head on my shoulders, legs sprawled before him. 
One look at Terry, and I knew he was going after Faye. 
“We’ll stay here,” I said as I fumbled to finally check Jack’s breathing and pulse. Both were fine, but he was knocked out cold. 
Terry left as I double checked Jack’s pulse, fingers pressed to his warm neck. “What gave us away?” I muttered as if he could hear me.
Hair had fallen over his eyes and I pushed it back. He may have slurred or mumbled, but when I called his name there was no response. I tilted his head so it rested on my shoulder and not the hard, cold bark.
My stomach was in a knot, flinching at every stir, wanting to make sure he was as comfortable as possible—that he’d be alright. 
I searched his face and neck for any signs of allergy, breathing out in relief when I couldn’t spot anything and his breathing remained steady.
I never knew I’d feel so, so . . .  protective over Jack, but right now that’s exactly what I was feeling. “You’re going to be okay,” I whispered, “You’ll be fine, I won’t let anything bad happen to you.”
I continued talking to him, I wasn’t even sure what I was talking about half the time, I just hoped he’d hear my voice and wake up.
After a half-hour Jack stirred. 
“Jack? You okay?” I asked, unable to keep the fear from my voice.
“Hmmm, cold,” he mumbled and tried to push himself closer into me.
I wrapped my arm around him, offering him more warmth. “Do you need anything? Water?” With my other hand I yanked a bottle out of my satchel. Uncapping the lid, I held it to him. 
“You’re co-zeee,” he said the word into my neck. 
Was this the side effect of the spiked muffin? “Stop speaking. Drink,” I said, but lightly, urging him to take some water.
“You care,” he slurred, lips curling into a smile.
Water slipped down his chin, until he snapped his head up and lurched off me. Sitting upright, he wiped the corners of his mouth. “What happened?” His face shadowed as he pieced it together himself. “That bitch!”
He took the water I held to him and drank half the bottle.
“I second that,” came Terry’s voice. I looked over to see Terry and Faye weaving through nearby trees. “Good to see you’re alright, Jack.”
Jack motioned for the cap. “Yeah, yeah, I think I’m fine. My mouth’s still a bit numb but”—he flexed his arms and legs—“I think I’ll be okay. Must have been a strong sedative or something.”
A large, face-splitting smile crossed my face and for a second I let myself relax back against the tree. Thank God, he was fine, he’d be okay.
Then I remembered how Faye had run off as a distraction. I sat up straight. “How’d it go?”
Terry shook his head, smiling and jerked a thumb toward Faye. “This girl can run.”
 
* * *
Thanks to the Botanical Revolution parks and orchards were found at nearly every street corner, which meant we had plenty of options where to take a break after we’d moved as far away from Avice’s as possible.
At South Cherry Public Park, we sat around a picnic bench adjacent to an old white chapel with a single orange, yellow, and red speckled dragon atop it. Though we all tried not to look, every now and then one of us would glance upwards. 
“So what do we think?” Terry asked. He was keen to get back to the case as soon as Jack gave the okay. He’d given it two hours ago, which was about three minutes after we’d left the last park, but I told him to shut it and give himself some time. 
He’d agreed to that, but not to the arm I offered him as we traipsed through the city. To that he’d given me a funny little frown.
I looked across the picnic table to where Jack was readjusting the strap on his bag. He looked much better; the color returned to his cheeks. I turned to Terry. 
“I need to check a couple of things. But so far there’s little motivation.” First I’d have to study Avice’s diary. I didn’t want to tell them about it though, unless something critical came up. 
Again I glanced at Jack. I guess some part of me worried there’d be a sudden delayed reaction to whatever-it-was he’d taken.
Jack caught my gaze. “What? For the fifth time, I’m okay. I feel fine.” He was trying to go for an annoyed tone, but the small quirk of his lip said otherwise.
 “Next on the list is Rohesia Auber, right, Drake?” Faye said. 
“Are you all set? You don’t have to come along if you don’t want, Jack.”
His only answer was to snort and throw his backpack over one shoulder.
Faye pulled out some brochures. “I designed these last night,” she said. “Should be authentic enough.” 
Terry shook his head. “What are you talking about ‘enough’. They’re an uncanny likeness.” He smiled proudly at her. If I knew any better, I’d call him smitten.
I said, “Is the camera set to record her responses and facial expressions?”
“Way ahead of you,” Faye said, flashing a smile at me. “I’ve turned it on already, so I won’t give us away.”
“Off to Rohesia’s then,” Jack said, flashing me a look and quietly adding, “without getting lost this time.” I wasn’t sure, but I thought I heard the faintest tinkling of a chuckle.
We reached the square in ten minutes. We weren’t halfway across it when static, like someone fiddling with a microphone, crackled from the lampposts surrounding the four streets. 
“Welcome to another round of campaign interviews,” blasted a male voice from the poles. “First up we have Bernlak Fitzroy talking to us about his energy policy. Mr. Fitzroy, this must be the hundredth interview you’ve done in the last few months, all leading down to the election.” 
Another male voice, confident yet soft, filled the air. “This would be my 127th, to be exact.”
“That’s full on, not to mention you are running as the current mayor and have just introduced the compulsory child immunization program. When do you sleep?” The interviewer and mayor laughed together.
Campaigning. It was the same everywhere.
None of the jokes were funny.
“This way,” Jack said, leading us toward a street that turned off the square diagonally.
We went past the house where the dragon had caught my eye earlier. I shivered and trotted up front next to Jack. 
He was walking with one hand in his left jeans pocket. When he saw me he quieted the tune he was humming. Staring at his hair, I let out a short laugh.
“What?” he said, feeling his hair.
“You’re making it worse. Stand still a sec.”
He halted, looking at me wearily, then glanced at Terry and Faye who were dawdling way behind us. “Please tell me it’s not a spider,” he muttered, the color draining from his cheeks. 
“Nah, it’s just a leaf,” I said, removing what had caught in a lock of his hair. “That’s better.” 
I dropped the leaf to the ground, then looked up to see Jack staring at me with a . . . strange look on his face. Sort of amused, but mostly puzzled.
A lot puzzled.
“What?”
He shook his head, “Uh, nothing.” But as we continued walking, I noticed him feel his hair.
“I got rid of it all,” I said.
“I kn-now,” he stuttered, reddening, then quickly darting his gaze to the houses on his right.
Terry and Faye finally caught up. “What?” Terry said at my frown. “We were just running through our lines.”
Just running through their lines? Honestly. 
Something was going on between those two. This couldn’t end out well.
Faye hurried to nod. “Yeah, we’ll need to engage Rohesia for ten minutes until you’re done.”
“Uh-huh.” Yeah, right. I bit back a snappy retort and focused on the path ahead. 
For a half-hour we continued on, legs growing heavier with each step.
I don’t know why, but hearing our footsteps on the cobbled stone streets made me think of Chrissy and the loud cracking sound of the snare as she hit its skin with her wooden drumsticks. Every time I listened to her play, my heart would thump so loud, I swear the drums only just covered it up.
I wondered how many guys had that feeling around her. A lot, probably.
More than enough to make me nervous . . .
My eyes flashed to Faye and Terry, back to ambling way behind us. I turned to Jack, as the sunlight hit his face, giving him a golden glow. He must have loads of girls hitting on him. “Hey Jack,” I asked, as if there was nothing more casual to talk about. “How do you go about, you know, ah, hitting on a girl?” 
He choked a little. “What?”
“I’m sorta freaking about asking Chrissy out tonight.”
“Oh, Chrissy,” he said, frowning, then smiled weakly. “Guess it depends how much you like her.”
“You mean do I like her more than fancying to get in her pants? Then yeah. I think she’s pretty cool.” 
“Cool huh?”
“Well, yeah, she’s confident and passionate about things, I like that, and she really is quite cheeky. We sort of feed off each other, you know; there’s always a laugh around her.” I thought some more, then shrugged.  “She’s cool. And of course she has great rhythm—”
“—I get it,” Jack said. 
“So, what’d you do?”
“Maybe I’m not the best guy to ask. I’m not that . . . experienced.”
Me neither. “It sucks, huh.”
“Really not enough,” Jack said low under his breath.
I stopped walking for a second. The little angel o’ mine just might be turning into the devil. I grinned. “Really, really not enough.”
He snickered and hit my side. 
I grinned and returned the favor, almost bowling him into an agapanthus bush. 
“Jack,” I heard Terry say behind me, “What street did you say we had to go down?”
Jack looked up at the street sign behind us; a sheepish smile crossed his face. “Missed that.”
“Not your fault, mine.” I was the one distracting him with stupid questions on how to ask out Chrissy. 
“Nah, it really was mine,” Jack urged.
Faye looked at between us with a puzzled expression on her face. She nudged Terry without lifting her eyes off of us. “Are you hearing this?”
“I know.”
“I don’t think stranger things have happened.”
“Let’s get back on track,” Jack blurted and backed up to the junction we’d missed. 
Faye shook her head, smiling and gestured me to go on. In the distance, I could still hear a faint murmur of the Mayor’s election campaign interview. I twisted, walking backwards to talk to Terry.
“Do you think I’m ready to pick the lock myself?” I was nervous about my part in our next plan. If I messed this up, the whole thing would be botched.
“You’ll be fine. Patience is all. And remember,” he went on to repeat the mantra he’d been teaching me all summer, since our last case, “all the way to the back.”
Faye’s voice picked up, ‘Drake, watch—’
I felt something hard prod into my back, followed by a loud ka-plunk and a yelp. I lost my balance, my foot on something soft and very un-ground-like, and Terry grabbed me before I fell. I twisted around to see a short, thirty-something man sprawled on the ground, a couple of wooden signs lying next to him.  
‘—out.’ Faye finished quietly.
“I’m so sorry,” I said, “Are you okay?”
The man picked himself up, scanning the ground. He picked up a pair of spectacles and rested them onto the bridge of his nose and swiped away a couple of stray brown locks. “Quite alright, nothing like falling to the ground to get you back to your senses.”
 “I really am sorry,” I said, “I wasn’t watching where I was going.” 
“And I should’ve paid more attention—have a terrible habit of day dreaming when I walk.” His face was red and flustered. Daydreaming? I glanced at the signs still scattered on the ground. 
More like preoccupied.
Faye and Jack picked up the man’s signs and handed them to him. On one was a picture stenciled in white on a blue background. In the centre was a row of houses with humans strapped to the roofs, their faces pointed upward. In block letters the caption read: how would you like it? 
“Interesting signs,” I said.
He extended a hand and I shook it. “I’m Professor Thomas Quincey,” he said, smiling broadly, “the spokesman of the dragon-slavery abolition movement.”
Jack had snuck back to us, hovering to my right. “Sounds like you’re standing up for a worthy cause,” he said, looking to the roof tops and shuddering.  
Seriously. Was this the same guy that complained about buying organic food? 
The Professor smiled at him. “We are meeting Sunday evening to protest the cruel treatment of dragons and demand they have equal rights. If you are interested—”
“Absolutely,” Jack and I said at exactly the same time. 
We shared a look; Jack’s eyes twinkled and I could see his lips curve up to his flushed cheeks. It should have only lasted a second, but I couldn’t pull away from it, and neither did he. The Professor had already started talking again, but it was mere background noise. There was something powerful making me hold onto Jack’s gaze. Or was he holding mine? Perhaps this was a game: who would turn away first? 
“Drake?” Faye’s voice broke the spell.
“Yeah?”
“Did you want to write the address down?”
I flicked open my satchel, pulling out the notepad and a pen. “Once again, please.”
“Eight o’clock Sunday evening, on the roof of 76 Tart Cherry Boulevard.”
After he’d left us we continued down the road. This time I kept my eyes glued in front of me, although one part wanted to look in Jack’s eyes to see if that thing—whatever it was—would happen again. But the other part was screaming it was a pretty weird thing to do. With a guy. 
Right?
I looked around to distract myself. Proper houses with little plots of garden in front and high hedges fenced off curious onlookers like me. Who couldn’t resist peering into lit rooms? It was interesting. I liked seeing people doing their ordinary day stuff like cooking or reading. Oddly peaceful.
“Nearly there,” Jack said, his left hand in his pocket again. 
“Awe-some,” Terry sang.
“Wait there a sec.” Faye stopped, bunched her blonde hair together and tied it up. “Professional enough?”
Terry’s brow lifted slightly and I watched him size Faye up, an almost invisible smile on his face, only given away by a slight crease at the side of his lip. 
“You look fine,” I said curtly, then charged up ahead. 
Jack caught up to me and put an arm on my shoulder. “What’s up?”
“Haven’t you noticed anything funny between them?” I scowled.
“Funny?”
“Like, close,” I said, emphasizing ‘close’.
His face pursed together as if he’d eaten something sour, and I thought he’d agreed with me, but then I heard a muffled laughing. 
“I tried to hold that in,” he said, “but seriously, you think they’re together?”
“Are you telling me you haven’t noticed anything?” 
He shook his head. “I think you’re reading way too much into it.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” 
“You’re just one for . . . jumping to conclusions. It’s the way your mind works, piecing puzzles together—I get it, but sometimes there isn’t a puzzle to piece. Know what I’m saying?” 
Darn. He was sounding reasonable.
“But even if they were together,” Jack said, “would that be so bad?”
I didn’t really have an answer to that; I wasn’t sure why the thought bothered me so much. Maybe it was the idea of them keeping it a secret? I thought of Faye’s coat on Terry’s couch. I shrugged. “Well . . . we live together, it’s kind of a general rule not to be with people you live with. Don’t screw the crew and all that.”
“But if they cared about each other . . . “ 
I looked at Jack, his eyes searching my face for an answer. “It’s just sticky. What if they broke up? All that tension would make it difficult to live together.”
Jack started fiddling with his bag, trying to yank the zip open. “Right.”
“So, which of these dandy houses is it?” I asked.
He raised his head and scanned the letter boxes for numbers. “That one there with the rose bushes out front.”
I felt Terry’s hand slap me across the back. “We ready?”
“Hope so,” I said, patting my satchel. 
Terry grinned. “Patience is all, and remember—”
“All the way to the back,” we finished together.
“Give us two minutes,” I said. 
Faye handed Terry a handful of brochures. “All set.”
Jack and I crept to the back of Rohesia Auber’s house. Thanks to the cover of rose bushes, we had no problem. I looked at my watch. Terry and Faye would be ringing the bell soon. We dashed to the backdoor, and a few seconds after we heard the bell ring, Jack checked the door wasn’t open. “Locked.”
I pulled out the small lock picking kit from my satchel. I’d practiced this numerous times, I could do it. Would do it.
With shaky hands, I placed a tension wrench into the lower portion of the keyhole and checked which way the cylinder had to be turned. “Counterclockwise,” I murmured to Jack. Then, applying pressure, I rotated the wrench and held it. With my other hand I fumbled for the pick. I carefully inserted it into the keyhole and felt for the pins. 
“All the way to the back,” Jack repeated Terry’s words.
Soon I heard a faint clicking sound. Yes!
“Quick,” Jack said. I knew he didn’t mean we had to hurry: he was impressed.
“Thanks,” I whispered, gently pushing the door open.
With light steps we snuck into the house. Jack had already taken the camera from his bag and was snapping photos. 
“Ugh. She’s a bit of a slob,” he whispered. “I can hardly see the floor.”
There were clothes all over the floor and on the couch, even on the table lay a pair of red leather platform boots. 
God knew I wasn’t the cleanest guy. But dirty shoes where you ate? That’s pretty gross.
I scanned the walls; Rohesia may have been messy, but she was probably smart too. Two of the walls were shelves, stacked up with books. On another hung a university degree: she’d taken at least five years’ worth of classes. I scanned down the list, Geo375, Stat305, Psy407, Pols384, Phil123, Geo376. Jeez, she’d taken a variety. She was certainly clever enough to plot something. 
“It’s weird she’s so slobby,” I said. “All she’d have to do is use her Soundimer to put it all in its place.”
“Some people feel at home in such a state,” Jack said, emphasizing ‘some’ with a cursory glance at me.
“My room wouldn’t be messy if I had a wand. Besides, it’s not that bad, at least there’s nothing on the floor . . . ” Only piled up on heaps over the chair.
We neared the front entrance and I saw Rohesia’s back. She was leaning on the door frame and over her shoulder I could see Terry’s face. Was he blushing?
Jack rounded up the side of the staircase and slunk up it. I followed, leaning over the banister to catch some of Terry’s lines.
“Did you know that the rate of break-ins in this area has risen?”
I heard Rohesia’s soft, singy voice respond, she didn’t sound like someone who’d live the way she did. “This is a pretty well-off area. I’m surprised.”
“You would be surprised.” Faye said, and I chuckled to myself. “That’s why your vote should go to Madeleine Boteler. She proposes tougher punishment on crime. . . ”
I caught up to Jack in the first room on the left. It had to be the master bedroom.
“It’s a bit better in here,” he said, snapping a few more pictures. “At least she looks after her jewelry.”
I walked over to the dresser. Pearl earrings, a gold bracelet, rings and an assortment of other valuables were set out in small show cases. “Are they real diamonds?” I asked.
Jack came over and grabbed for the jewelry. I lunged at him, knocking him down, but was too late. He had the necklace in his hands. “Huh. I’d really expected the alarms to go off.” I apologized, my hands on either side of him, pinning him to the ground. “You okay?”
“Alarms?” he said, smirking, looking up at me.
“They were show-cased and looked valuable . . .” I realized I still hadn’t picked myself off him. Forcing my gaze elsewhere, I got up. As soon as he was free, Jack studied the necklace. Obviously his head wasn’t spinning the way mine was, or concentrating would’ve been Out. Of. The. Question.
I sat on the bed and waited. Then looked at him.
Seriously, why wasn’t his head spinning?
Duh. Maybe because he wasn’t reading anything into it.
“So are they real?” I asked.
“Can’t tell.” Jack said after a minute, swatting a stray lock of hair out of his eyes. “But she keeps her jewelry very clean—like she polishes it often. It’s a good indication they’re real. Would you put in so much care for something fake? I mean, it’s possible some people would, but they’d be the type of people to keep the rest of their house clean too. That’s my take, anyway.” 
“Okay. I believe you.” So, she had real diamonds. Red Eye was a rare jewel, was that her motivation? Just to possess it? It didn’t seem likely; she’d be rich enough to buy smaller ones. No. Whoever stole it needed it for its size, its power; there had to be some bigger motivation.
I jumped to my feet and extended a hand to Jack, helping him up. “Let’s get out of here. Poor Terry and Faye must be running out of arguments soon.”
We slid downstairs, tiptoed behind Rohesia, and through the sitting room. Just as we were about to enter the kitchen, I spun round.
“What?” Jack mouthed.
I stared at the walls one by one. “There’s no fireplace.”
We both heard the dull thud of the front door shutting and light footsteps. Jack tugged my arm and we swiftly moved to the back door, leaving without looking back. 
Sidling up the side of Rohesia’s house, I stopped, Jack almost bumping into me. He motioned me to move on. But all I could do was stare at the roof, unlike all the other houses in the street—in the city we’d seen, this house had no dragon. 







Chapter 7

 “Dinner’s ready!” Jack’s voice trailed through the house from the top of the stairs.
I stuffed my wet clothes into the dryer. Usually, I’d chuck them over a clothes horse and wait until they dried, but I needed a selection for later tonight. If only I knew Chrissy’s favorite color . . .
“It’s getting cold,” Jack shouted.
“It’s always cold for me, anyway,” I mumbled the moment Terry walked by.
He chuckled, “Know what it is tonight?”
“No idea.” I could only guess it would be unappetizing. For me anyway.
Terry glanced at his watch. “Five is the earliest we’ve eaten dinner, ever.” He pointed to Avice’s diary lying on top of the washing machine. I’d been reading it while I held the door of the washing machine shut so the water wouldn’t leak. 
Yeah. Flatting without money could be a bitch.
“What’s that?”
I shrugged, hoping he’d think nothing more of it. Then tapped the washer. “Think this beauty has a trip back to your garage.” 
“We’re starting without ya!”
Terry rolled his eyes at Jack’s words. “I’ll take a look later. Better get up there or we’ll be on the menu.”
Upstairs, Jack was dumping a spoon of pasta on his plate, while Faye was in some kind of trance, drawing circles on the table with her fork handle.
“What’s up?” I asked her.
Faye sighed and pulled out an envelope from her pocket, looking guiltily away from us. “Got another one.”
Everyone went silent. I looked at Terry, wondering how he was going to react, but, at least outwardly, he was cool. 
“Let’s just solve this case quickly,” Jack said, then his voice hardened. “What we really need to worry about right now is money.” When no one replied, he continued. “I’ve some . . . suggestions.” He quieted, looking down at his food. “You’re not going to like it, though.”
I had the feeling he wanted to add: Especially you, Drake. 
But maybe I was just cynical when it came to Jack.
“What?” I said.
“Faye could offer some type of computer tutorials. Terry could do some repairs- cheap labor, you know. I could offer food analysis for people wanting to know what fats and sugars are in different foods.” There was a pause. “I’m not quite sure what you could do yet, Drake. Maybe after school program, helping kids to read?”
I had to admit, they weren’t bad ideas.
’Course I wasn’t going to admit that out loud.
Jack pressed his lips together in a thin line. 
“There’s more, isn’t there?” I asked.
“All that’s going to take time to start up.” He looked at us around the table. “We’re going to have to sell stuff. Each person one item; preferably one that will bring in enough to tide us over a month or so.”
Enough to tide us over a month or so. I could name only one possession that would be able to do that, and it was the one I least wanted to sell. Jack must’ve known that was a bigger ask for me than for the rest of them. Faye could sell one of the numerous computers she’d built. Terry one of the gadgets he’d made from scrap parts. And Jack . . . hmmm . . . “What could you sell?” It came out of my mouth like an accusation. I didn’t bother to cover it up with a smile or anything.
He shrugged. “Something.”
“I think it’s a good idea,” Terry said, pouring chunky red sauce from a pot. 
I sighed, the chair scraping across the floor as I got up. In the kitchen I rummaged around in the cupboards.
Faye flicked her fork up, almost stabbing Terry in the nose. “Oops. Uh, I’ll set up the online auction later.” 
Terry whipped the fork off her as she almost swiped him again. “Do you need me to get you a spoon? Careful with that thing.” He let go, begrudgingly. 
I returned to my seat, placed a sieve on my plate and poured the bolognese into it, filtering the beef out. I had considered eating plain pasta like Faye, but I couldn’t do it again. I glared at Jack, who leered in return. I could almost hear his thoughts: you need your brain in top form— take one for the team. But screw good intentions, I hated this. Couldn’t he respect my wishes, like, one time?
Any weird feelings I may have had earlier were totally forgotten. Buried deep behind a scowl and a heck of a lot of resentment.
 I dumped the meat back into the pot, tomato sauce splattering across the table.
“Calm down,” Jack muttered. 
You didn’t just say that. I ground my teeth together and stabbed a fork into my dinner. Relax, don’t waste your energy on petty fights, said the angel on my right shoulder. (But damn if I’d listen to him; he looked just like Jack!)
Or, said the devil . . . 
But before he could spell out his master plan, Faye switched the discussion to the case.
“I’ll get the recording of Rohesia set up by tomorrow night. You guys going to go to New York later?”
Terry nodded. “After we’ve eaten. You’ve got those fake ID’s for us?”
“All sorted.”
The prospect of beer lifted my mood. “You know how to get there, right?”
A grin widened on Terry’s face. 
“Hacked into Avice’s social network account. She wrote she’d be there round eight,” Faye said. 
“Who’s she meeting?” Jack asked.
“Jerry.”
I was curious to see the guy in person. In her diary entries she’d been impressed with the way he spoke to her. Every word of his had made her melt. I hoped like anything I’d be able to do the same thing to Chrissy. 
The phone rang. Although it lay on the floor only a couple of steps from my chair, Jack, sitting the furthest away, jumped up and grabbed it before I could. He glanced at me, face reddening, and disappeared downstairs.
What was that about? I looked at the others questioningly, but they didn’t seem to have noticed. The only thing that made sense to me, explaining why his face had lit up was . . . no way! Did Jack . . . 
I frowned, that couldn’t be the case, could it?
He said he didn’t have much experience. Not no experience. Maybe they were taking things slowly. “Does Jack have a girlfriend?”
Faye’s head shot up. It looked to me as if she were suppressing a small smile. Was it a secret?
The thought of someone making him all hot and—I blinked away the sudden thought, feeling my cheeks heat-up. 
Why did I care?
I didn’t.
Maybe I was jealous he had a girlfriend before I did. Yeah, that was it. 
I stared down at my plate, pushing pasta around. I’d lost my appetite. Standing up from the table, I made my way to my room and straight to the pack of cigarettes. But even breathing in the ashy air didn’t settle my stomach. 
I crept up to Jack’s floor, lingering outside his bedroom door. “See you later,” I heard him say. He sounded excited, which made my stomach convulse some more. “Can’t wait.” I snuck away before he could catch me.
’Cause that was just what I needed. How would I explain that?
I was having a hard enough time explaining it to myself. 
In my room, I struck a match and lit another cigarette. I still hadn’t found my lighter. Maybe I’d left it in the attic bathroom? Hmm, have to check later. Right now I just needed my head out the window and a nicotine death-stick between my lips. 
I inhaled the smoke, loving the tingling in my lungs and the way my mind shut everything else out. Well, mostly. Finishing my third ciggie of the day, I sighed, tempted to take a forth. Jack would be furious. Good, I thought, trashing the butt into the bin. I wouldn’t bother to cover up the smell, either. 
I lit another, wishing the flame could burn Jack from my mind. He wound me up bad, like someone talking over a good song. Irritating was a better word. No, vexing. Plaguing, Provoking . . . inflaming. All the above.
Fourth ciggie. And feeling more than a little guilty.
Ah, crap. I stubbed it out with such force my fingers bashed against the outside window pane and the butt dropped to the ground.
Pulling on my sneakers, I stomped around the side of the house. The icy wind slapped at my face but it felt numb; my stomach was still choppy. Who was this gal Jack was talking to? What did she see in him? 
I picked up the stub; my stomach continuing to flip on my way back inside the house to my bedroom. I wasn’t sure what to do in there anymore. I was pacing. I picked up a Mercedes Lackey book, but couldn’t concentrate on it. I chucked it on top of Oxion House, then on a whim pulled the guide to me and flipped through. It was a book I kept re-reading in the possibly vain hope of deciphering more about the mystery that was my home.
So far not much luck.
Deciding to just get over my mood, I trudged back to the attic—the book in tow. 
“You look green, man,” Terry said, scraping the sauce off his plate. “What’ up?”
“Probably didn’t get all the meat out,” I said, pushing my dinner into the middle and sitting down to browse through the book. Jack was back at his seat. In the corner of my eye, I thought I could spot a smidgen of guilt on his face. He slunk further in his chair as if to fade out of focus.
Faye got up and came back with a glass of water. “Drink up. You’ll feel better. And put that book down, it won’t help.” She snatched the book off me and set it on the far end of the bench.
I gulped down the water. Faye was probably right about Oxion House; it’d just get my thoughts whirring faster than they already were. I slammed the glass on the table and looked at Terry. “You and me, let’s get going. I need to get out of here. Meet you on your floor in ten, yeah?”
Terry clicked his fingers, pointed, mouthed gotcha. I grinned weakly and went back downstairs. After brushing my teeth and grabbing my stuff, I waited outside Terry’s door. 
I heard footsteps on the stairs and turned around. I couldn’t wait to stretch my legs and prowl the streets of New York. Terry might have been excited about London, but I was crazy about the States. 
Jack appeared around the corner and my stomach tightened again. “What?” I grunted.
He put his hand into his pocket, but not before I could see it was shaking. “Sorry about dinner.” His voice was deep, but quiet. 
“Whatever.” I feigned interest in a picture hanging on the wall above his shoulder, but I could see him out the corner of my eye.
He was looking down, shifting uncomfortably from side to side. “Look, I mean it,” he said. “It was shitty of me. Especially after you were so great this morning, you know, looking after me . . .” He hesitated a second, then turned around and took the stairs three-at-a-time.
It had been the last thing I’d expected to come out of his mouth. Had Jack just . . . thanked me? Sort of?
My face flushed. I tried cooling my cheeks with my hands. It wasn’t helping. He had thanked me, and he’d been nervous about it too—sincere. There’d been hundreds of times I thought Jack should apologize for something-or-other and he’d never bothered. It had stopped bugging me after a while and I took it for granted. That was just his way. But the fact he’d stepped out of what was obviously his comfort zone to say that . . . it was new. It made me feel noticed. Like my thoughts mattered.
It was nice. It made me feel nice inside and a little hot.
And it freaked me out reading into that reaction.
Faye bounded down the stairs, Terry behind her with a ladder for changing Oxions.
“You’re both to give these back to me as soon as you get back.” She reluctantly handed us the fake ID’s. 
Terry set the ladder down and winked at me. “Sure,” he said to Faye.
“I mean it. And don’t be out too late.” 
“Band practice at ten, remember?” I said, taking mine. It would be good to strum my lovely orange guitar, get my mind off things. “Hardly going to miss that.” 
“Oh, that’s right . . . Chrissy. I almost forgot.” Terry was grinning. There was the Cheshire cat again.
“Yeah . . . Chrissy.” I smiled.
But it felt a little . . . forced.
* * *
“Okay, it’s just up here.” Terry pointed to a string of red lights ahead. “You ready?”
Ready was an understatement. Adrenaline flooded me. The thrill of not knowing whether we’d be let in or not was probably better than actually getting in. I couldn’t imagine going to a bar at twenty-one and having nearly as much fun as I did now.
“IDs please,” a tall, muscular man at the door demanded.
I handed over Faye’s piece of art. It was perfect, and we could even keep our names. All we had to memorize was our ‘new’ birth year. The bouncer read my card and looked me up and down. The excitement made my heart drumroll. “What’s your star sign?”
Clever. “Libra.” 
He beckoned me into the dimly lit bar with a twitch of his head. Terry was already inside, the bouncer had barely looked at his ID.
“She won’t be here yet,” I said, glancing at my watch. “Let’s slicken.”
Slicken? That’s what came out of my mouth?
Ouch.
We stood a couple of feet from the bar and scanned the list. “I’ve got enough for a beer,” Terry said and scrunched up his nose, “ . . . to share.”
“I’ll grab us a free table.” Pushing my way through a crowd of students, I slid into a booth. On the table, pushed up to the wall, was an empty bottle of Rolling Rock. I grabbed it, holding it causally. Terry slowly came over, careful not to spill a single drop of the precious liquid.
“Smells yeasty.” He smacked his lips, but pushed the glass in my direction. 
I lifted the empty bottle. “You first.” There was the dull thud of glass hitting glass. “Cheers.”
Terry sipped the beer. “Mmm. I look forward to an evening of this.”
I frowned. It would be nearly impossible to savor the glass so long. I jumped up from the booth with my empty glass. “Won’t be a tick.”
 “Props look better if they’re realistic,” I said when I got back to Terry, placing the bottle, now half full of water, back on the table. 
“That’s disgusting.” He grinned.
“What? I’m not actually going to drink it.”
“Swap!” Terry pulled the bottle to him and gave me his glass.
I took a gulp, gaze drifting over Terry’s shoulder to the back of a guy’s dark brown hair. For a split second I thought I was looking at Jack. But he hadn’t wanted to come. Something about having other stuff to do. 
 “What’s festering?”
I looked at Terry’s curious face. “Nothing. Just nervous . . . about Chrissy.” I couldn’t tell him that on the big day, I was actually more confused about Jack.
Because it was stupid. We hated each other. For months we were at each other’s throat. 
I should just forget it already.
“So, do you guys all like Chrissy?” 
“She’s a babe.” Terry raised his bottle and we clashed them together again. “Faye thinks she’s pretty talented. And Jack, well you know him . . . ” he shrugged. “He thinks she’s alright.’ 
Terry started picking the label off the bottle.
Alright? I imagined he’d said it with a shrug. 
“Care to explain the grin?”
I was smiling? Of course I was. What I couldn’t get my head around was why. No, not why, I wasn’t that stupid. I got it. I just . . . I wasn’t liking where this was going. I didn’t want to think too much about it. 
A good sleep and maybe it’d go away. 
Yeah, I was just having an off day. Or something.
In the corner of my eye I saw a small, slender blonde walk through the door wearing a bright blue and black striped top. Her cheeks were flushed.
Like someone who’d just gotten in with a fake ID. 
“Avice is here.”
Once she’d sat down at the bar, Terry winked. “Game on.”
Terry sidled out first and I followed, leaving a couple of steps between us and looking in the other direction. Like we didn’t know each other.
“Daaamn, you’re fine!” Terry whistled. “Love to have a bit of that ass. What you say lovely? My place is only a block away.” 
“Not interested.”
Terry slapped a hand to his chest. “In this. Babe, you have no idea what you’d be missing.”
He stepped closer to her. 
My cue to cut in. I bit the insides of my cheeks harder, not to give us up by laughing.  “Hey man, back up. Leave her alone.’
I was pretty sure my lip wobbled.
“’s cool,” Terry said, raising his hands as if he meant no offence and walked backwards. “Not that fine anyway.”
I turned to Avice. “You okay? Some guys are losers. My name’s Drake.” I extended a hand.
She didn’t take it. “Yeah, I have a boyfriend, actually. So whatever bit you two are trying to play. It won’t work.”
“Bit?” I put on a frown.
“Don’t want to burst that bubble of yours, but that guy,” she pointed in Terry’s direction, “is obviously your wing-man.”
She was on to us, there was no point denying it. “What gave us away?”
“I study acting, and believe me, that was a C minus. If you’re lucky.”
I sighed. “Yeah, I was having trouble not laughing. Got any tips for that?”
“Try thinking of something sad. But look, I wasn’t acting when I said I have a boyfriend. Maybe you want to try your bit on that girl over there,” she pointed to a brunette with a low cut top on the other side of the bar. “Bet she won’t see through it. Or if she does, it doesn’t look like she’d mind.”
“Okay, this is going to sound far-out-there, but I promise this time I’m not making anything up.” I took a breath. “Truth is, I’m a detective. Last Wednesday a precious stone was stolen from the Berlin Museum of Natural History. You were there when the Red Eye disappeared, I wanted to ask you some questions.”
She gulped, and I knew she believed it.
“Now I wish you were acting,” she said, and I gave her a small smile. “How’d you know I was there?” 
Unspoken, I heard the words: what else do you know?
I pointed to myself, mocking the move Terry made before. “Detective. Comes with the job. So what gives, Avice? Why were you checking out the museum?”
She swallowed audibly. Then said in a crackled whisper. “What else . . . what else do you know about me?” Her eyes narrowed.
I knew from reading her diary that she wanted her identity to remain secret. She was afraid if too many people knew about her she wouldn’t be able to lead a normal life here, which she was desperate to have. I knew all this, so it felt only courteous to lie. “Not much. That you live in New York and study at Julliard.” 
She half-relaxed, as if she wanted to believe me but couldn’t quite. Then she froze again. “It was you! You were the imposters in my house.” She threw her drink into my face. “How dare you. My mother thought you were my friends, and you, you could’ve given her a heart attack!”
I blinked through sticky coke and bourbon. Yeah, this wasn’t going as smoothly as I’d have liked. 
Her heated attack suddenly stopped as she paled. “You know about Dorwl?” she whispered. “But . . . but how?”
Terry, who was listening to everything, shook his head behind her.
I dabbed my face with a serviette. “Never mind that. Last Wednesday, you were with your granddad, right?”
She nodded slowly as if she was thinking of something else. It was now or never. Reaching into my satchel by my side, I subtly pulled out a small audio chip Faye had given me. Avice had her bag nicely by the foot of her stool. Dropping the scrunched up serviette, I bent down and slipped the pin sized chip into her bag.
“What were you doing there?” I asked, chucking the serviette on the bar top.
Her gaze focused on me, and she snapped, “Looking at fossils. What do you think we were doing?”
Not only that. I’d read that her granddad had asked to meet her there. To ‘talk’ about something. But what?
“Have fun?”
“The best.”
I refrained from raising my brow. 
“Can you think of any reason why someone would want to steal such a large Red Eye?”
Her jaw twitched. “I don’t want to answer any more of your questions. You and your friend can get stuffed.” Her eyes flickered over my shoulder and she smiled. 
Jerry had arrived.
She picked up her handbag and swung it over her shoulder.
“The best time, huh? That why you and granddaddy were fighting?”
She spun around to me, jabbing her finger into my chest. “We didn’t fight. Now, I’m warning you. Leave. Me. Alone.”
Broad shoulders were the first thing I noticed about Jerry. Bouncer-broad, as if with the flick of his arm he could clear a crowd of grown men. When he saw how upset Avice was, his eyes skimmed to me, face darkening. I looked away, bringing the beer bottle to my lips and swigged. Stale beer-water filled my mouth. Ugh! I could’ve spat it out, but caught the hard look Jerry was flashing at me and gulped. 
He sauntered over, grabbing me by my shirt. “Unless you want to mess with me, you leave my girl alone. Got it?” For good measure, he pulled me off my stool and dragged me outside. 
Terry scrambled after me, getting between us. “Cool off,” he said to Jerry. “We’re leaving.”
“You alright?” Terry asked on the walk back home. 
“We probably should work on our game plan.’ 
“Yeah, that kind of sucked.”
“I’d say.” I thought my voice sounded rather flat. 
“Cheer up. Band practice in a bit.” He winked. “And Chrissy . . . ”
I gave a weak nod. 
Wasn’t this what I’d been looking forward to for months now? I liked the girl a lot. Like I’d said to Jack, she had spirit and was funny, easy to hang out with. 
So why did a part of me dread asking her out tonight? Could it be nerves? Was I worried she’d shoot me down? I mean, there was a risk with this, and if it did go badly, what would that mean for the band? For things staying easy and relaxed around her?
I rubbed my head with the palm of my hand. Not liking a tiny voice trying to push its way to the forefront of my mind. Maybe there’s a reason you’re not feeling it. Maybe you should admit—
No, I said back. Nerves were normal—everyone had them. This is what this was. Like the first time I went on the London eye. I’d dreaded the ride up there; my stomach had felt like it wanted to burst right out of my ass. But then I forced my eyes open, and the nerves had been worth it. The view of London was spectacular. I’d fallen in love with the city all over again.
Wasn’t this thing with Chrissy just like this? 
I breathed out slowly, nodding to myself. Yeah, once I’d finally asked her—once we were on the date it’d feel like the best thing ever again.
Much sooner than I’d expected or wanted, we were standing in front of our house. Terry slumped himself next to the door frame while turning off his walkman. The doorbell rang. “Whoops,” he said, pulling himself upright, and opening the door.
A strong smell of incense choked me as I walked in. “What’s been going on in here?” I fanned my hand in front of my nose and sprinted upstairs. When I entered the kitchen, everything was still. Jack and Faye sat at the table, reading magazines. 
Huh.
“Watcha reading?” I asked.
“Ahhh . . . ” Faye said, her cheeks flushing.
“Um . . . ” Jack added.
“And what’s up with all the incense?” 
I grabbed the second to last glass from the cupboard; already the dishes were piling up.
“Came as a freebie in the post,” Faye said. “Thought we’d try it out. Stinks.” 
“I’d say.” I stopped the tap and drank, turning to lean against the oven. I jumped away, dropping my glass, luckily it didn’t break. “Yikes that’s hot!” I couldn’t remember the last time anyone had used the oven. All our dinners were strictly to stove-top affairs. “Since when do we use the—”
Then all at once things became clear to me. I understood why Faye’s jacket was in Terry’s room, why they’d been doing so much stuff together lately, why even Jack and Faye hung out together. So did the incense and the hot oven. Maybe even Jack’s mysterious call. 
I grinned at them while crouching down to pick up the glass. Jack’s eyes were narrowed in my direction, Faye’s riveted to the magazine. From my position, I could see the cover. It was upside down. I bit my tongue to stop from laughing and quickly exited the room.
After a nice long shower, I spent ten minutes deciding what tee-shirt to wear. I needed to look like I didn’t care about what I was wearing, but still look good. 
A simple black tee with crisscrossed red drumsticks imprinted on the lower right side made the final cut. 
“Alright.” Terry hollered from my door. “Set up the stage in the garage. Have you guys finally come up with a band name?”
I shook my head. “Still tossing up between Just Jitters and the Manic Hedgehogs. Just Jitters has a great ring to it, but Manic Hedgehog was the title of Radiohead’s fourth demo tape—”
“Guys,” Faye interrupted. “I’m setting up the eBay auction and I need to take a picture of what we’re selling. Mine’s done. Terry?”
Argh. I wished they’d forgotten about that.
“I’ll bring it up to your room,” Terry said.
“Drake?” 
With hanging shoulders I moved over to my record collection and leafed through them until I’d found my only valuable possession. 
“Should get at least 250 pounds.” Reluctantly, I handed Refused’s The Shape of Punk to Come over. 
 “Thanks.” Faye gave a sorry smile and left.
“Sorry bro.” 
It wasn’t Terry’s fault. I shrugged and diverted my attention toward the Drupes newspaper lying on my desk. I liked how their paper was made of cloth, like tea towels, making it easier to stuff into small places. The best thing about that was it didn’t rustle.
“Anything useful in there?” Terry asked.
“Haven’t read it yet,” I said. 
“Better leave you to it then. See you in half an hour or so. By the way, my vote is for the Manic Hedgehogs. You guys all like to spike your hair. . . Well, not Chrissy, I suppose, but . . . ” His voice drifted off down the hall.
I jumped on my bed, holding the paper out above me. On the second page was a campaign picture of Bernlak Fitzroy mid wink. The word swagger came to mind. I browsed through the headlines, none of which seemed too interesting. Flicking further through the paper, my eyes caught on something in the travel section. 
Putting my finger between the pages as a place holder, I ran upstairs. 
Laid out on the table were a couple of Terry’s projects. Jack was taking pictures and Faye was connecting a cable to her laptop.
“What’s up, Drake?” Faye was the only one to look up.
I shook the local paper in their faces. Jack and Terry stopped working. “Recognize this?” I flashed them a small picture. 
Jack was the one to answer. Of course. “It’s the cabinet in the museum,” then his face dawned with understanding, “with the Red Eye in it.”
The title read: Travel Special Earth: Last Showing Before Auction. 
For two weeks the largest found Beryl will be displayed at the Museum of Natural History in Berlin, Germany (World) before it will be auctioned off to raise money for...
“Advertised in the Drupes Herald,” I said. 
“Thank God,” Faye said. “It bugged me not knowing why there were so many Dowrl visitors.”
“Exactly.” I gave her a smile and she threw one back at me. 
I sat down, leafing through the paper. Near the end of it, I saw a small article about the Dragon Slavery Abolition Movement. Thinking about the chained dragons made me want to punch a Drupian. I just didn’t get how the people couldn’t see how wrong it was. I couldn’t wait to hold up protest signs with Professor Thomas Quincey. 
Jack must have sensed my tension, because he put down his camera and peered over my shoulder. His cool breath tickled my throat, making the little hairs stand on end. He started reading:
Sixty-seven Dragons have been sentenced and put to death this year for speaking out against cruelty and segregation.
“I didn’t think they could speak,” Faye murmured, closing her laptop.
I pointed to a small, blurry picture. “They can breathe out their smoke in images. Like cartoon-strips,” I said. 
Jack shivered. Instinctively, I leaned back to him while he continued to read, the tips of my hair brushing against him.
Drupes is the last district allowing this horrid tradition. Only the mayor has the power to stop dragons being treated as slaves, although so far none of the candidates has indicated to take this course of action as dragon slavery remains widely popular. Professor Thomas Quincey of Drupes University and spokesperson of the DSAM (Dragon Slavery Abolition Movement), has said that although this would be an essential start, it will take many years to integrate dragons into all facets of society. “Unfortunately, acceptance of the general population will be the biggest challenge to overcome. There is a lot of prejudice that won’t wash away with a few well-spoken words.” 
Jack’s hand knocked against the back of mine. An accident, I’m sure, but a tingling sensation jolted through me. I sprang away from him. “Was that the doorbell?”
Terry looked at me in surprise, one eyebrow raised. “Didn’t hear anything.” His eyes flickered briefly from me to Jack and he shrugged. “Then again, your bell has always been the quietest. Do you want me to set a new bell—” 
A loud and clear ding-dong interrupted him. 
Faye smiled. “Sounds like Drake just needs his ears checked.”
On my way out the room, I snuck a look at Jack, but his face was hidden behind a camera. I whisked down two sets of spiral stairs. Who would I find at the door, Ben, Simon . . .  Chrissy? Or maybe they all came together? I took a quick glance in the mirror. Hair, check. Dimple, check. Good luck earring, check.
I yanked open the door. Ben and Simon stood there, wide grins on their faces.
“I’m psyched!” was the first thing Simon said, raising his hand for a high five. I slapped hard.
“Gig’s all he’s been talking about.” Ben smirked.
“All we’ve been obsessing about, more like,” Simon said. “We in the garage ‘gain?” 
“Terry’s set it up,” I said, closing the door behind them.
“Where is our biggest fan, then?” Simon called out, racing up to the kitchen. I heard Terry’s signature thwack. “Jeez mate, stings every time!”
Ben and I headed for the garage. “Chrissy not here yet?” 
At the sound of her name my palms started to sweat. It wasn’t long now till midnight. Not long till I finally asked her out.
“Slacker . . . ” Ben said, chuckling. “We’d better keep a short leash on her next week. No way we’re going to blow this thing.”
Terry and Simon bounded behind us. “Chrissy late again?” Terry said, when I looked at the stage he’d set up. Including Chrissy’s drums. (She stored them at our place.) “Dragged them out myself to save you guys time.” 
“Cheers,” I said. “You guys set yourselves up here. Just gonna grab my guitar. Won’t be a tick.”
I’d just left the garage when the bell rang again. This time it had to be Chrissy. My heart pumped faster and I forced myself to walk slower not to trip up the stairs. Besides, I didn’t want to look too eager.
“’Allo,” I heard Chrissy’s rich accent, “they down there already?” I paused on the staircase. See, I really was nervous!
Then I heard someone mumble, but didn’t catch who. I crossed my fingers Faye had answered the door and took the stairs three at a time to make sure.
I stopped abruptly on the top stair.
Crap. It was Jack. 








Chapter 8

I was still out of Chrissy’s view, so I composed myself. 
Jack had better be nice.
“Sure they wouldn’t have started without their drummer,” Jack muttered. There was a sharp click of the door.
I stepped into the hall toward them. “Chrissy!” 
She threw her arms around my neck; her usual way of greeting. Jack shuffled to the side, watching, his expression unreadable. 
“Lads setting up?” she asked, letting go.
I nodded. “Just grabbing my guitar.”
“Guitar is so generic. Give it a name already.”
 “Like what?”
Jack turned away, treading up to the kitchen.
But not before I saw his eyes roll.
“My snare’s Yin. Guess you could name your guitar Yang?” She blinked, almost coyly. Was she flirting with me? Or maybe she just thought Ying and Yang sounded cool – since we were in a band together.
I didn’t really want to call my guitar Yang, though. I hadn’t named it anything so far, because nothing had sounded right. I dragged my case from under the bed, chucked it casually across my shoulders and headed to Terry’s garage.
 “I’ll think about it.”
It took us another twenty minutes to organize ourselves before we started playing anything resembling music. 
Ben picked a few notes on his base. When it came around the second time, Simon started a pre-programmed loop on his laptop and joined in with his keyboard. There was a clean break where Ben and Simon stopped for a few seconds and only the plopping of beats from the laptop could be heard. 
Then I began to sing. And thank God not opera, like my dream. 
After one line we all hit it together; the sound of drums, bass, and guitar in combination sent me on a high and I jumped around on the makeshift stage, strumming my guitar and singing the lyrics. Every now and then, Chrissy sang in harmony. 
Nearing the end of our first round of songs, Terry applauded loudly, cheering until we, without breaking, started into our first set again. He bobbed about a bit, then after a few minutes moved to exit the garage. As he opened the door I caught a glimpse of Jack, perched in the doorway, staring at Terry with a surprised look on his face. Within a second he was gone. When Terry came back he motioned to his watch. 
Time to wrap things up.
Terry roared. “You guys are gonna rock next week!”
“That last round we had down!” Simon whooped. 
Chrissy hit her tom-tom followed by the cymbals. Da-bom-bom-cha. “Totally fantastic.”
I couldn’t have agreed more. Switching off the amps, I unplugged my guitar. Terry jumped up on stage and helped us. 
“Gonna have to upgrade you from fan to roadie,” Ben said with a grin. 
“Just promise me, when you’re rich and famous, you’ll let me come on tour.”
I nudged him. My way of saying I wouldn’t have it any other way. 
I glanced toward the door again and snagged Terry. “What did Jack want before?”
Terry shrugged. “No idea.”
“We’re gonna head,” Ben said. “See you at final practice.”
I glanced at my watch, it was five to midnight. I only needed to drag it out a few more minutes and I could ask Chrissy out. “How about—”
Chrissy cut me off, pecking my cheek. “Really got to run, or I’ll miss my bus.” 
She’d turned and walked out the door before I could protest. Ben and Simon trundled after her. 
“Later then,” I said, throwing Terry a look, but he didn’t seem to be paying attention. 
“Help me drag this,” Terry said. We lifted a heavy wooden stage block and placed it under the window. He checked his watch. “Last thirty seconds of being sixteen,” he said. “Wanna celebrate?”
I smirked, thinking back to the hot oven before. “Sure, sounds . . . great.”
Terry’s feet crunched on the wooden steps as we went upstairs. The whole house was silent. Too silent. My grin grew wider, and I was glad to be where Terry couldn’t see me. 
He stopped outside the closed kitchen door, and I quickly wiped the smile from my face, biting my tongue not to give anything away.
“Happy Birthday, man,” he said, swinging the door open and a chorus of ‘surprise’ hit me. As I’d practiced in my head, I jumped and gave my best startled expression. 
When my friends started singing ‘Happy Birthday’—not all that in tune— Terry leaned over and said, “You knew, didn’t you?”
I flashed him a wide grin and slunk an arm over his shoulder. “Just a bit.”
The hot oven that had given it away. What else would we use it for, except to bake a cake?
Even Terry’s leaning on the doorbell after the bar made sense. He’d given Jack and Faye enough time to get rid of the evidence. I scouted the room for the cake; I hoped they’d chosen raspberry coconut. Well, anything, as long as it wasn’t chocolate.
Music thrummed on and a chorus of ‘yeah’ came from my right. Simon was high-fiving one of Terry’s mates—Chan? Chen? Something like that. Quiet guy, usually held back. Terry must have been thinking the same because he bent his head closer and said, “Dude, that Simon guy must have magic, I swear he could liven anyone—anything up.”
“Just wait till he has a few and starts stripping. When you can’t get him down from the table you’ll wish he wasn’t quite so magical.”
Terry laughed as Faye signaled something to him from across the room.
I scanned the faces and was relieved when I saw Chrissy standing next to Ben, and not one of my so-hot-it’s-unfair-Jock friends they’d invited. Like Don, who I’m pretty sure could get anyone in this room with a casual wink. I searched the crowd for his face and found it smashed against a red-haired girl I didn’t recognize. Whew, he was suitably engaged. 
Terry pressed a bottle of beer to my hand. “We’ve stocked up on this and wine. And I think people brought a few bottles of harder stuff. Gin. Vodka. Whiskey.”
Faye pushed her way through the crowd, almost crashing into Joe—a tall, elegant guy with silver hair—but Joe gracefully swept out of her way. Too graceful if you ask me, I was sure he had part elf in him. A mystery for another day. 
Faye tugged my ears bringing me down to her level before kissing my cheeks. “Happy Birthday, Drake.”
“Guys,” I had to clear my throat from its sudden tightness, “thanks for this.”
“Don’t thank us. It was Jack’s idea—he’s the one who planned it.” Faye’s gaze zoomed in on the boxes of wine sitting on the kitchen bench behind us. “Just a sec . . . ” she said and headed toward them, leaving me with my mouth gaping open. Jack? He was the one to organize this? I looked around the decorated kitchen he and Faye must have set up during band practice. Everyone I could’ve wanted was there. How had he gotten their numbers? I only had them in my address book in my desk drawer—Wait. He’d opened my locked door before . . . 
I found Jack leaning on the oven, sipping on a glass of beer staring unfocused into the crowded room undulating to Simon’s remix.
“Having fun?” I asked and when he cupped a hand over his ear, I came closer, speaking louder. “Having fun?”
“As much as it looks like you are.”
I chuckled. “It’s real nice of you guys to bother with the party thing.” 
“Was your best-buddy Terry’s idea,” Jack said hurriedly, cheeks flushing before he hid them behind a large gulp of beer. 
“Terry’s. Huh. Interesting.” 
Why the lie?
“Do you . . . do you like it?” He swallowed the rest of his beer.
“Yeah, it’s great.”
Jack visibly relaxed, then smiled. “Great.” He reached out a hand and clamped it on my shoulder before quickly yanking it away again. “Happy Birthday.”
I could still feel the pressure of his hand on my shoulder like he’d left something there and that whatever-it-was was creeping across my chest, touching every nerve. 
Finally I found my voice again, “Uh, yeah, thanks.” 
Jack dropped his bottle in the trash and grabbed another. I knew for a fact the guy wasn’t much of a drinker, but tonight he seemed to be going for it. I raised my bottle to his once he’d snapped of the top. He hesitated a second, meeting my gaze and then clinked. 
“Cheers,” I said. 
Someone knocked into me from behind and I bumped into Jack, spilling a slosh of beer down his top. One hand of mine was splayed on his—wow, hard!—chest to keep my balance. 
We glanced at each other at the same time, that creeping tingling feeling shooting through me once again. Did he feel that too? I ripped myself away. 
I’d never been so relieved to have Faye interrupt. “Guys,” she said, Terry in-tow, “just one more thing before we party the night away.” Jack and I shuffled apart as casually as we could. “We can visit Beatrice Wymer at Drupes University. Her office hours are between eleven and one.”
“Where our favorite professor Thomas Quincey works?” I said.
“Yeah. And,” Faye continued, “I’ve started to re-create the dialogue between Avice and Walter. You’ll want to check that in the morning, Drake. I get the feeling we might want to keep an eye on that Walter.”
I frowned, about to ask what she’d got, but she read my face and shook her head. “No, no. That’s all the update for tonight. Now go enjoy your party. Chrissy’s alone there, maybe you want to . . . ” She waggled her eyebrows. 
A new song came on, louder than the last, swallowing up all the voices, thumping of dancing feet and clinking bottles.
By the table against the wall, through a part in the curtain of swaying bodies, Chrissy sat playing cards with Ben. Looking up at exactly that moment, she caught my stare, then winked and went back to her game. 
Jack downed the rest of his bottle. “I’m going to need another one,” he mumbled, pushing past me to the alcohol-lined bench adjacent from us. I shouldn’t have heard him with the music so loud, but I found myself straining my ears to hear his every word.
“Go for it,” Terry whispered and slapped my ass, pushing me in Chrissy’s direction.
As I moved over to her, I got swarmed with pats on the back and ‘happy seventeenth’ wishes. Already the air stunk of sweat and booze-fogged air. The only way to handle the smell was to join in. I drained the rest of my beer, dumping the bottle on a shelf before I moved to Chrissy. 
The closer I got, the more I trembled. I cupped my hand over my mouth and sniffed my breath. Crap. Why had I drunk the beer? Join in with stale-beer breath, seriously? Couldn’t I have waited until after Chrissy!
I berated myself the rest of the way, internally shrugging it off just before I reached her. Couldn’t do anything about it now—and brushing my teeth would seem a little try-hard.
“Be cool,” I murmured to myself.
Sliding on the bench next to Chrissy, I readied myself to chat, when a loud voice silenced the room. 
I’d recognize the voice anywhere, of course.
Mr. Buzkill was back in action. Seriously, the dude had timing. Couldn’t he see I was about to make my move?
 Scowling, I looked up to see Jack standing on a chair, waving his arms to catch everyone’s attention. Simon turned the music right down.
“And now,” Jack said, raising a full bottle of beer, “for the game part of the night.” Jack wobbled slightly as he fumbled in his back pocket. I threw Terry a look to pull him off the chair, and Terry stepped closer to him.
Christ. How drunk was Jack?
He pulled out a folded square piece of paper. “Simon, you’re up first,” he hollered before motioning something to Faye. 
Faye opened the bottom drawer of the oven and pulled out two orange signs, while Terry dragged to chairs into the kitchen part of the room.
“Drake, Simon, please step on up.” 
Dammit Jack. He had to do this now? Once I’d finally gathered my guts to talk to Chrissy?
I didn’t want to leave Chrissy’s side, but she was already pushing me toward the front. Simon and I sat back to back on two chairs. Faye handed us the signs. They had my name printed on one side and Simon’s on the other.
“Just raise your sign to answer,” he motioned the crowd to gather on one side of us. Then, taking a large swig of beer, Jack jumped to the ground, teetering a moment before catching his balance. 
“First question to get warmed up,” Terry spoke now, sharing a cheeky smirk with the crowd. 
“I hope there’s a prize in this,” I muttered. I hated games where I was in the center of attention. Whose idea had been the game? I scowled from Faye to Terry to Jack. It could’ve been Jack—he did like to piss me off—but my bet was on Faye; she was the type to believe because it’s my birthday I should be hounded with attention.
I wished it was Jack though—it was easier to be annoyed. 
“Who has been the drunkest?” Terry called out the question. 
I focused on the game. Drunkest? Hmmm. I’d seen Simon get wasted before, but even the worst of his antics were no comparison to mine. I was sure he hadn’t woken, hung over, with a peacock in his bedroom scaring the bejesus out of him, and bird crap all over the carpet. I winced at the memory and raised my sign. There was a loud cheer, so I guessed Simon had also flashed my name to the audience. 
“Nothing beats the peacock, brother,” Simon whispered back to me. I cringed. Yeah.
“Second question,” Faye said. “Who of you kissed a girl first?” 
“What?” I quipped, “Oh you guys are cruel. These questions are only going to get worse aren’t they?”
The crowd cheered and Don wolf-whistled. “Make him blush,” someone else yelled.
I shook my head. “You’re all going to regret this, count on that.” But I smiled and raised Simon’s name to the audience, it was a wild guess. There was a chorus of laughter, so I guess he’d shown mine.
We continued playing, until I had been questioned about nearly everyone in the room. Only Terry, Chrissy and Jack were left. My heart pumped faster when Chrissy sat behind me. 
I could feel her hair brush the back of my neck, and then she rested her head against mine. My gut bubbled and I had to wipe my suddenly sweaty hands over the thighs of my jeans. 
“I’m feeling squiffy,” she said. And so was I—but more a little drunk on nerves than the one beer I’d had. “This should be a right blast.”
“Blast, yeah,” I said with a dry mouth. 
Her head was still against mine, and it was starting to dig a bit much on the one spot. Terry none to casually winked at me as he asked his first question. “Who of you is hot for someone right now?”
“Seriously?” I muttered, feeling my cheeks redden. Then my gaze cut to Jack to my right in the kitchen filling up a shot glass, his back turned to us.
My head felt really uncomfortable. I pulled away from Chrissy, shaking so she’d move. She didn’t, just kept her head lolling back against my neck, giggling lightly. 
God, I had to get out of this game. I whipped my sign up.
The crowd’s murmurings died to leave a short silence. I wanted to twist and look at her sign. “We’ll talk about this later, luv,” she said as if knowing how much I needed to know. And with that I was back to feeling a warm buzz inside again, my neck warm where her head lay. 
Terry asked three more questions, thankfully not getting too dirty—only embarrassing. I’d probably have to share the worst embarrassing moment of my life to at least five of the crowd after this. Only Terry knew the story so far and he mouthed ‘peanut butter bandage’ at me and laughed. 
Finally, Faye snatched the sheet off Terry and asked the last question. “Who has the most people thinking about him or her right now?”
Ha ha. That was a non-question. I sulkily raised my sign and was met with a chorus of Happy Birthdays again, followed by everyone taking a drink. I sent Terry my puppy-dog pleading eyes: Could we stop now, please? Pretty please? With a cherry on top of the icing on top of three scoops of your favorite ice-cream pleeease?
His reply was to holler: “Next up: Jack!” 
Bastard.
Jack shook his head. “No way, that wasn’t the deal,” I heard him snap to Terry.
“You can’t be the only one not to,” Faye said.
Jack muttered something inaudible and chugged the rest of his beer down, chasing it with a shot being passed around.
The scent of his Lynx wafted over to me when he sat down, and a new Jack/Drake sign was pressed into my hands. His fingers rapped at the sides of his chair and I could feel the vibrations of him shaking his foot through my seat.
“If you really don’t want to do it, don’t,” I said to him. “You won’t find me complaining.”
“This was a stupid idea,” came Jack’s rather slurred reply, “I hate this game.”
“Makes the both of us.”
He laughed, but it sounded tinny.
“Who is more determined—?” Faye asked, snorting when my sign shot up even before she’d finished her question. 
Jack must have answered in an equally fast manner because then Simon let loose a raucous laugh and the crowd joined in. 
 “Who is bolder?” 
Now it seemed a game of who could get their sign up the fastest. Neither of us needed a moment to think about the questions. The crowd laughed harder.
Before Faye rang out the next question, I muttered to Jack under my breath, “You’re not playing like someone who hates the game.”
“Didn’t realize”—he stumbled over ‘realize’ to make it sound like ‘real-ease’—“the questions would be so easy.”
I shook my head as the next question came, “Who has the ability to annoy more people?” 
Once our signs raced up, the crowd doubled in stitches—or at least it felt like it. Ben and Chrissy were shaking their heads, Simon kept barreling laughs and Don whistled like he’d just learned how and couldn’t stop. 
Jack growled, shaking his head, and I could almost feel it rumble through the chair. 
Almost in tears with laughter, Faye asked, “Who is cleverer?” 
That was it. The crowd was in hysterics. Guess we were both a little up ourselves. Simon yelled across the room, “Don’t think so Drake—remember the peacock? It was stupid man. You’re hornyphobic.” 
“Orniphobic, dammit.”
But my correction was lost in a sea of shrieks.
“Not as stupid as the peanut butter incident,” Terry joined in. 
“Shuddup!” I said, then to Jack said, “Least I didn’t mix up ‘deprecating’ with ‘defecating’ when insulting a police officer!”
“Hush-hush guys,” Faye said, “And last but not least, who do you think is more interesting?” 
Finally there were cheers and claps. He’d picked himself on that one, too? I shook my head. 
Jack, Jack, Jack.
Once I’d finished with Terry, the only one where we answered all questions the same, I grabbed another beer and danced with my friends to the bass-heavy jam Simon had put on. After getting myself sufficiently tipsy, but not drunk, I cracked my knuckles, ready to talk with Chrissy again. I saw her chatting with Don. Definitely time to get over there. I willed Don away, searching for that red-haired chic he’d been with in the crowd to latch onto and drag over there. I saw her chatting with Simon on the couch. 
I waltzed through the crowd, narrowly avoiding elbows and other dancing limbs slamming into my face and chest. The song changed and I was tempted to writhe to the catchy beat, but a glance at Chrissy and Don had me moving faster. I was just about to snag Red and Simon’s arm to come along, when Jack caught my eye. 
He was taking a shot, quickly followed by another one—I checked to see who he was hanging with, but it was obvious he was enjoying the green shots alone. Suddenly I was annoyed no one was talking to him, keeping him company, stopping him from drinking himself into a coma.
I looked at Don and Chrissy, and back to Jack. “Dammit.” I couldn’t leave him like that. Pushing my way past friends and people I’d never before seen in my life, I reached Jack alone in the corner of the kitchen.
“Shit, Jack! What are you doing?”
“Just a little t-trink.” 
I snapped up a third shot away from him. “Get some water.” I rinsed a glass in the sink.
“Don’t be such a square,” he said, mimicking my accent, “I’m not ignorant of the dangers to drinking.” He chuckled, but it turned into a hiccup.
I handed him the water, blocking his path until he finished. 
“No, thanks,” he said. He tried to side step me, and lost his footing. I caught him by the arm and pushed him back into a standing position. Then, I forced the water into his mouth, making him drink. Once he’d finished, he belched. 
“Ugh,” he groaned, then flashed a panicked look at me. “Feel sick.”
I laid the cup on the bench, wrapped an arm around him, and dragged him through a crush of bodies out of the room. 
“Let go!” he said once we were at the staircase. He tried to push away, but he was drunk and weak, and I had no trouble getting him to his room.  
I pushed open his door, cursing and blinking at the shafts of sunlight streaming into his room. Jack shielded his eyes and mumbled something about the curtains.
Unceremoniously, I dumped him on his bed and yanked closed his blinds against the midday New Zealand sun, but even with them shut an orangey glow filled the room.
“You need to sober up,” I said.  
He tried to get up, and I moved to his side, pinning him back down by his shoulder. “It’s my birthday, and I forbid you from any more partying.”
His eyes glistened and he blinked. “Kicking me out of your party, huh?”
“Don’t move,” I said, and moved to take off his shoes. 
“I get it,” he slurred, “I’m sorry you hate me around. Always fuck it up, I do.” He closed his eyes. 
The laces came free on his first shoe and I slipped it off.
“I don’t want you there drunk,” I murmured back to him, gently pulling off his second shoe and coming to his side, “not that I don’t want you there at all.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Jack said quietly, “Thanks.” He turned his head away from me, but I saw a small tear run out his eye, trailing toward his ear. “I get you don’t like me, Drake.” Such a little drop. I shouldn’t have cared—it was a beer-tear—but seeing it had my insides squirming. 
The tear pearled on the edge of his ear, ready to drop inside. Was this tear really him thinking I didn’t like him? 
I lifted my hand and reached out to wipe the droplet away, as if I could wipe the thought from him too, but pulled back, swallowing instead. Taking the tear wouldn’t change anything. 
If anything, he’d think it was weird, and in his drunken state might laugh at me. I didn’t want to be laughed at, didn’t want this feeling to be turned into a joke because for some reason it was strong and real—it meant something. 
I stood up from the bed, trying not to focus on the fact I was shaking. 
Jack sighed, and it was the most vulnerable sound I’d ever heard. At that moment, I ached to make him better, give him back the confidence he normally exuded. “If I didn’t think you were alright, why’d I say you were the more interesting one of us, upstairs, huh?” 
I searched his room for a waste-paper basket for him to chuck in if he needed later, but maybe I was distracting myself from looking at his sad face.
“You did?” Jack said, twisting on the bed, then groaning. “Jeez, everything’s spinning.”
“Yeeah, by the way, did no one tell you not to mix?”
“Don’t be a smartass right now.” He groaned again.
I found a bin and put it next to his bed. Jack was sitting up, pulling his shirt over his head, revealing a hard, lightly haired chest.
“I put up your name,” he said, the sound muffled by his shirt. 
Now I understood the clapping and cheers we’d gotten for our last question upstairs. 
It had been the first nice thing we’d answered about each other.
Jack finally freed himself of his shirt and his eyes, half-mast, held my gaze a moment. Then he clutched his flat stomach and groaned. 
“Lie back down,” I said. “The bin’s on this side if you need to throw up.” I moved to his closet and scrimmaged through his clothes until I found a tee-shirt for him.
He clutched it in his hands, not moving as he said, hesitantly, “You know, I don’t really hate you.”
I didn’t know how to answer that. That’s good. Because I think the way I’m feeling right now I’d hate it if you hated me.
So wasn’t going to say that. I ran a hand through my hair. “Do you have a drink bottle or something? You are going to want to drink a lot of water tonight.”
Jack sighed. “Over there on the bottom book shelf.”
When I came back with a refilled bottle, he had pushed the blanket aside and was yanking at his jeans, already half-way down his legs. He jiggled his feet in frustration and then just fell back onto the bed and stared at the ceiling.
I put the bottle on his side table and helped him out of his jeans, then without looking quickly threw a blanket over him.
“Make sure you drink,” I said quietly. I walked backwards, stumbling over Jack’s shoes I’d left in the middle of the floor, as I made for the door.
“Uh, thanks for making sure I didn’t get too wasted,” he said.
My voice came husky and thick from the back of my throat, “See you tomorrow then.” 
On the empty staircase between Jack’s floor and the throbbing party above, I sat on the staircase, resting my head against my knees. I could feel my hands still shake as I wrapped them around my legs. I tried to focus on the pain of my safety pins digging into my forehead to get me to sober-up and stop . . . stop these feelings.
Maybe I was drunker than I thought? I was feeling light-headed. Yeah, I was just getting all over-sensitive to something I normally wouldn’t. 
The best thing would be to forget about it. Have another drink, enjoy my party—have some laughs, flirt. I’d forget all about this by morning.
Plucking myself up, I made my way toward the pulsing attic.  
No one seemed to have missed me, so I grabbed another bottle of beer and slipped back into the scene unnoticed. 
Faye swayed in the crowd nearby, skirt fanning as she twirled. More than a couple of guys were checking her out. I tapped her on the shoulder and she twisted round, skirt rising so high I wasn’t sure her guy-fans didn’t catch a glimpse at what was underneath. 
“Drake! Are you having fun?”
I forced on a smile. “You?”
“So much!” She was tipsy, but not too bad. Nothing like Jack had been. “The game was funny, huh?”
That reminded me of something. “When you asked who was hot for someone in the Chrissy round, what was her answer?”
Her smile faltered. “Can’t remember.” 
Chrissy said she wanted to talk about it, but I wanted to be prepared. “Faye. Tell me.”
“Okay . . . She kind of said you as well. Sorry.”
But did that really mean anything? Maybe she was just embarrassed.
Faye gave me a wink and danced her way to Terry beckoning her. When she got to him, he clamped a hand on her skirt and whispered into her ear, a frown cutting his brows. 
A hand slid around my waist and I was surprised and gut-twirling nervous to find Chrissy next to me.
“Can I talk to you a tick?” Chrissy asked.
Numbly, I let her drag me through the crowd to an abandoned bench. She picked up a pack of cards from the table, shuffled and doled me out a complete hand face down. “Poker,” she said. I peeked at my cards and watched her do the same. 
I was terrible at this game.
“What are we playing for?” I asked.
“Truth. Winner gets to ask any one question.” 
Great, what would I have to spill out in front of the girl I wanted to impress? 
Of course I lost. 
“You really ain’t much of a player,” she chided. “Looks like I might need to teach you a few things.” She drummed her fingers over the pack of cards and I couldn’t take waiting any longer.
“What do you want to know?”
Her lips turned up into a wicked grin. I certainly wasn’t prepared for what she asked. Or how she asked it. Her lips met my ear, touching it lightly, and in a sexy-voice she said, “When are you going to ask me out, already?”
And I felt . . . nothing. There was nothing there. Opening my mouth, I went to say something, anything—looking at her, trying to find what it was that I was waiting for, dreaming of for months . . .  But there was nothing. 
I should be excited now. Ecstatic even. I’d been waiting for this moment for as long as I could remember. Why the hell wasn’t I feeling it? 
I really needed a cigarette.
Chrissy smiled, but looked a little less sure of herself. “So, um, you want to go out this Saturday?”
I made my voice sound as enthusiastic as possible. “Sure! How about seven at Howl?” 
Inside, though, I was disappointed. This wasn’t the crazy exhilaration I thought I’d feel when I asked her out. It wasn’t the “It’s worth it!” jubilation after all the nerves I’d had. It was nothing like the time I first went on the London Eye.
It felt so . . . anti-climactic. It was sad. 
I really, really didn’t want to feel like this. I wanted it to be climactic. Thrilling. I moved closer to her, trying to feel a tingle of something, going over all the things I liked about her, as if reminding myself would trigger the right response. So what if it was delayed? Better late than never, right?
I thought I grasped the feeling when she laughed at Ben robot-dancing in the crowd, throwing her hair back, exposing her throat. Maybe it would have grown stronger too, but Chrissy looked at her watch and jumped. “God. I really have to catch the bus, Drake. Great party, though. Happy seventeenth.” 
She sidled off the bench and pecked me on the cheek. I watched her do the same with Ben and Simon before she disappeared downstairs.
My stomach churned unpleasantly, and I left the hardly touched bottle of beer on the table. I pushed past a couple of guys, friends of Terry’s he invited, until I got to Faye. 
Gee, she was cheerful when she was tipsy.
“Do me a birthday favor?” I asked her.
“Anything, Drake!” She took my hands and spun herself around.
“Can I see the transcript of the dialogue between the Ballard-Cardon’s?”
 “What? Seriously? No!” Faye said. “I said you should check it out tomorrow. It’s your party!” 
“It’s my party and I’ll read if I want to,” I said. “Just a quick look. I can’t relax without seeing it.” Please, just let me get my mind off other . . . stuff. 
“Fine, it’s on my desk. But don’t be long, Drake! And don’t touch anything else.”
Within five minutes I was sitting in the peace of my library, my knees tucked up under my chin, resting an elbow on the arm of the sofa with the transcript in my hand. Even from here I could hear the faint thudding of music from upstairs, reminding me of the fun I was supposed to be having. 
I shook my head. I just wasn’t feeling it.
I read each line of dialogue three times. I saw what Faye meant about keeping an eye on Walter, but I couldn’t shake off the feeling she was missing something. That I was missing something. Maybe another read-through would help.

Avice: How much longer?
Walter: Not long. You’ll see. Don’t worry.
Avice: (nod) Don’t you think mum should know? So she’d understand? If she found out any other way . . .
Walter: If she finds out, don’t explain it, she wouldn’t understand. But if you have to tell her, tell her after.
(Moment jewel disappears) Avice: After! She’ll be enraged! 
Walter: It’s almost all done!

Though I tried to keep focused, my eyes kept skimming off the page. Each time I dragged them back to study the script, they felt heavier. Words jumbled in front of my mind. ‘Don’t worry’ repeated itself until I was humming the lyrics don’t worry be happy.
I rested my head against the arm of the chair and laughed, singing louder and louder until I couldn’t feel my throat anymore and the words morphed into hysteria, and I could no longer be sure whether I was laughing or crying. Tears blurred my book-lined library and molded ceiling, the colors bleeding together until I was watching thick velvet curtains rise up in front of me.
I blinked and a sea of dragons sat in an amphitheatre before me, battering their wings with giant slapping claps. 
“Hmm-hmm,” someone said behind me, and I twisted, taking in the tens of dragons chained to the stage, blue flame leaping from their tails to light the floor. A woman wearing a large coat, leaning on a concert piano, smirked at me. “It’s your line, deary.”
“My line?” My voice reverberated around the warm stage.
She put a finger to her lips, nodding, then motioned for me to turn around and start. 
“I don’t have any lines.”
“But of course you do. You’re the detective—there’s no show without you.” She turned to leave, coat tails flapping behind her to a wind I couldn’t feel.
“But what am I meant to say?”
“Solve, dear.” Placing a hand on her chest, she sighed. “Just solve it.”
“Solve what?”
She paused a moment before disappearing into a cloud of dragon smoke, “Why, the most important thing of all.”
“It this about the Red Eye?” I yelled after her, my voice coming back to me, weaker and weaker and without any answer.
I twisted back toward the audience, peering into the darkened aisles as if maybe the answer was there—somewhere. 
“I’m not meant to be here,” I said to them by way of explanation. “There’s been some mistake.”
I searched for a way off the stage, but there were no exits and between the stage and the audience was nothing but a bottomless, black pit.
“I don’t get it!” I yelled out to the audience, to the stage, to anything that would listen. “You want drama; I’ll give you drama”—I shoved the piano with all my might into the back wall—“get me the hell out of here.”
“I might be able to help you out,” a deep voice I recognized said. I spun around but didn’t see anything but my murky reflection in the waxed stage. “Up here. What are you, blind as a Pipistrellus pipistrellus?”
A large dragon floated above me, its wings extended, and hundreds of tea candles perched atop of them. “Who are you?” I asked.
“Who do you think I am? I’m the chandelier, you idiot.”
“You can help me off the stage? I think this might be a dream—if you could just wake me somehow?”
“Dream? What kind of fucked up world do you live in if you dream me as a chandelier? And don’t even know it?” 
Pearls of sweat formed at my hair line and swatted it away. “You sound familiar. Do I know you?”
“Well it’s your dream. Do you know me?”
“I thought you said you’d help.” 
He sighed and the tea candle flames flickered. “Fine. Solve the case.” 
 “Solve the case? There is no case.”
“Isn’t there? Why are you here then?” 
The chandelier was obviously nuts. I backed to the side of the stage until I bumped into something; hands with black nail-polish slithered around my waist and Chrissy squeezed me so tight I could barely breathe. Fighting her grip, I spun around, and she gave me a slippery smile as she pushed me toward the centre stage. 
When she spoke, it was with the same male voice as the chandelier. “In the centre. It’s where the case is, it’s where it should be solved. Do you feel it?”
“Feel what?”
She twirled around me, his voice chanting, Ba-bom—ba-bom—ba-om—ba-bom. “Get it now?”
I scratched the back of my head as if it would help; it didn’t. “If you could just tell me what the case is? Then I might have a better chance and solving it for you.” Then it clicked. “Wait! I know what it is—I have to figure out your voice. The voice!”
Chrissy stopped and met the chandelier’s gaze. “You were right calling him an idiot.”
“Aren’t I always right?”
“So the voice has nothing to do with it?” I said, pinching myself up the inside of my arm, hoping that would wake me up.
“No,” they both said in unison. 
“Well, I think it’d be best for all of us if we stopped with the cryptic and spoke like rational people.”
“Rational?” The chandelier laughed, the sound echoing around him, growing so loud I thought if I reached out, I might be able to touch it.
Chrissy waved at something across the stage. “Jack, you made it,” she said, flinging herself across with four long leaps into his arms. “Come,” she said, “maybe you could help convince the idiot there’s nothing rational about the case.” 
“What case?” I hurled at them.
Jack looked at me, taking me in with a sneer and shook his head, then swept his gaze back to Chrissy. “Let him figure it out on his own.” His voice came out the same as Chrissy and the chandelier’s; deep and familiar. 
I willed Jack to look at me again, recognize me; say my name and help me. Instead, he yanked Chrissy into him again, kissing her, lips running down her neck, pushing her up against the piano at the back wall until its keys clunked.
I had to twist away. I blocked my ears from their groans and stared at the rapt audience, blinking back tears.
“Tears?” the chandelier said, smoke coming from his mouth, spiraling toward me in shape of a hand. “Now we’re talking.”
“What the hell?” I said, tripping up on my words with a sniff.
“Tears are honest. Good little things they are.”
“You’re nuts, you don’t even make sense.”
“Like all good things.” His voice was soft, slow as if he were thinking about each word he said before he said it. The smoky hand pushed against the small of my back, urging me to the edge of the stage, the precipice to the bottomless pit. 
A drawn-out moan filled the air around me and I couldn’t hold back the tears any longer. I watched them fall, glistening in the light of the chandelier before they hit the darkest part of the pit, where no light could touch.
“Those are going to a good place,” the chandelier said, “they just couldn’t wait to fall.”
Swallowing, shoulders shaking on the edge of a sob, I couldn’t care to make any sense of his babble. I just wanted to wake up.
“You want help to get out of this?”
“It’s what I’ve wanted all along.”
 The smoky hand caressed the nape of my neck. “I know, I know.”
Then he shoved me forward over the edge into the pit—the abyss, his words chasing me and my tears. “Sometimes you should just let yourself fall.”
I jerked awake, a twang of pain rippling through my neck and shoulder. 
My eyes quickly accustomed to my surroundings, taking in the sofa I lay on and the sun streaming down on me from the window. 
Relief washed over me. There was no more stage. No chandelier. I laughed, rubbing my eyes with the heels of my hands and noticed they were wet.  
I rose, craning my neck from side to side, and stretched out a cramp. My head pulsed with sheer white pain at every heartbeat, and nausea swept my stomach.
I was in desperate need of a hangover smoothie.
In the kitchen, I pulled out some ice from the freezer and popped it into a blender. The only fruit we had was a couple of apples, so I chopped them up and added them. I got the plastic lemon from the fridge and squeezed some of its concentrate into the mix. Then I chose a couple of herbal teas from the cupboard, chamomile and very berry, and dunked them in hot water until I’d strained the juice.
Once everything was in the blender, I turned it on. I pressed hard on my earlobes not to hear the roar of the machine as it munched the ice. With four glasses of the stuff, I did my traditional delivery service starting with Terry.
“You . . . a life saver,” he said, sleepily when I entered his room. “Stick it next to my bed? Should . . .  be a coaster on my desk.”
I moved the underground map of New York coaster and put down the pink drink.
“You have fun last night?” Terry forced himself to his elbows. Yawned. “Saw you disappeared about the same time as Chrissy.” He managed a doubled eyebrow-wag.
I hit him. “Nothing like that. I had the case on my mind, that’s all.” 
Not entirely a lie. But not the truth either. 
“I read through the Ballard-Cardon’s transcript.”
Terry sat himself up properly and gulped down the smoothie. “Not the make-out story I was expecting. And…?” He waited with a mouth full of crushed ice.
I showed him the transcript. Terry swatted the sleep from his eyes, quickly sobering up. 
“We should give this to Detective Wurz immediately!” he said once he’d read it. “That’s the case solved.” 
“Terry,” I started calmly, “There’s no proof here. An extra layer of suspicion, yes, but no proof. Besides, we still don’t know where the jewel is. Part of the deal was to find it.”
Terry’s jaw line hardened. He was the most patient and understanding person I knew, but the threat on our home got him steaming. Veins bulged in his wrists as he balled his hands into fists. “I’ll make sure we get the jewel. Hardly think we need to be scared of some ancient dude and his granddaughter.”
“Let’s just hold ourselves back a couple of days,” I said. “To check some of the facts, scout his house. See what we can find.”
His jaw twitched a bit. “You’re right. But the second I see the slightest bit of evidence . . . ”
I nodded. 
“I should get up,” he said. “Do some work while the others are shaking off their hangovers.” He stretched, wiggling his fingers toward the ceiling. “Think I’ll work on some walkie-talkies. I’ve almost finished attaching a linked recording device in them. I mean, these babies are so much more than just for talking in. I want to link it to a, well, it’s sort of like a cloud system, so we can store data and not lose it so easily. . . .”
I stared at him blankly and he sighed. “At the very least, if you and Jack fight again and split, we’re in contact.”
I lightly punched him on the arm. But Jack and me fighting again? The likelihood was 120%. “Better get on with the rounds then.” 
Next up: Faye. I knocked on her door—something I never had to do with Terry—and a low girly-grunt was my signal to come in. Messy blonde hair stuck out the top of her blankets. She poked a finger toward her side table and grunted once more as a thank you once I left it there. I tiptoed back out and let her sleep.
I ambled upstairs, not particularly wanting to go into Jack’s room. But the smoothie thing was a tradition, and he’d never been so drunk before; he was bound to need it today more than ever. 
Besides, yesterday was some weird anomaly, right? A deviation due to my nerves about Chrissy. 
It didn’t mean anything. 
Right? 
I picked my glass off the tray and took a couple of large swigs. The ice sent a pang to my head. Nothing like brain freeze to clear the mind.
I gripped Jack’s door handle. I’d just see how things went.  

Chapter 9

I hesitated only a second before I twisted the handle and entered Jack’s room.
“Morning!”
I couldn’t see any part of Jack except for his outline underneath the blankets. He didn’t budge. It was a cheeky thing to say, but I couldn’t resist: “Up! It’s eight in the morning.”
The lump twitched a little, and there came a muffled groan.	
“Down this. It’ll help.”
The sheets ruffled and Jack’s head emerged. I whistled. “The chicks would be falling over themselves if they could see you now.”
He rubbed his eyes and tossed a pillow at me. It missed by a long shot.
“Nice throw.”
Jack picked up a second pillow to toss it and changed his mind, stuffing it behind him and leaning back instead.  His hair was matted on one side and poking out at all angles on the other. 
“Christ. What did I drink?”
I handed him the smoothie. “Head spinning some?”
“Some? It’s like a merry-go-round in here.” He rested his head back against his wall and looked up at the ceiling. “I didn’t . . . do anything stupid, did I?”
“I stopped you before you decided it’d be a good idea to strip dance.” 
I regretted saying it almost as soon as it was out of my mouth. My cheeks felt like they were on fire as I suddenly imagined exactly that scene, Jack ripping off his clothes and showing that hard chest of his. . . . 
I knocked back the rest of my smoothie, wincing at the whooping head-throb that came with it. 
Peering at me over the edge of the cup, he sipped. He smacked his lips in distaste. “Disgusting.”
“Oh yeah.”
Using his index finger, he circled the rim of the glass. “Get your date with Chrissy?”
I tensed, a knot tightening in my stomach as if I’d done something I shouldn’t have. Which was stupid. I had no reason for feeling weird about my date with Chrissy—that’d been on the books for months. The whole flat knew it was only a matter of time.
“So what if I did?” I snapped.
Jack frowned at my outburst. “Congrats.”
For some reason the congratulations irked me. Maybe it was because I was expecting him to shrug and say he didn’t like Chrissy. Or . . .
I laughed at myself. Jeez, it was like I wanted him to be jealous or something. 
“Drake? You okay?”
I stepped away from him. It felt like my stomach was lined with bugs clawing to get out. I really wasn’t liking the thoughts I was having right now. I glanced at the door across the room—my escape!—longing to race over and be outta there, but at the same time, I was rooted to the floor. And I couldn’t blame it on a stupid physiological reaction, I was perfectly in control of my limbs. I wanted to stay. 
I sucked in a long breath. Felt myself wobble on the tight rope that was my life right then, hoping like hell I didn’t fall and knowing it was inevitable, beneath me two abysses—two choices. And I wasn’t sure which frightened me more to fall into.
“Have more of this disgusting drink,” Jack said. Seeing mine was finished, he held up his.
His drink? He’d drunk from that. His lips had touched the rim—I stepped forward to take it, wanting my lips where his had been, then lurched back, twisted and escaped the room, ignoring his low “Drake?”
In the bathroom, I splashed my face with water. What I really needed was a smoke. “Agh.” I shook the sides of the basin as if the motion would shake out an explanation of what was going on inside my head. Then I looked up, and my image was thrown back at me in the mirror. My hair was matted and bags puffed the rims under my eyes. I looked wasted.
Wasted. That was it. Obviously I was still drunk. People came up with some weird stuff when they’d had too much to drink. 
Deciding it best to focus on our case, I wandered to my room. Grabbed some matches, a cigarette and my portable player and went outside. I wore proper headphones that covered my whole ears. 
The player had been recording since I’d dropped the audio chip in Avice’s bag. I turned up the volume.
Come on Avice, what’ve you been up to? 
She should’ve been home by now, with her real friends and boyfriend. 
Striking a match, I lit a cigarette and puffed away as the first minutes of the recording replayed. Nothing but static so far.
I forwarded a bit and started playing again. After another minute I heard a crackling and then the sound of music. It was unmistakably Mozart’s Serenade No. 13. Okay, it wasn’t quite my type of thing, but most classics were bearable.
After the song had ended, a male voice spoke up. ‘Thanks again for the gift, Avice. I just love Mozart. You have no idea how much it excites me that you’re also a fan. We’re just two peas—‘
‘in a pod,’ Avice finished and laughed. ‘Nervous?’ 
‘Well, hell, I’m nervous. She won’t be able to turn me into a toad if she doesn’t like me, right?’ That had to be Jerry.
‘We’re all nervous,’ a girl said, but it was hard to hear her over a humming in the background. Mary Wallace. They must have been traveling in a car or something. 
‘Yes, but I have more reason to worry than you three!’ 
Avice giggled in the background.
‘Glad I’m not in your shoes!’ [Slap—maybe a high five] Michael Rhoton?
Someone rested a hand on my shoulder and I whirled round. 
“Hey man,” Terry said, backing up a step. “Didn’t mean to scare ya.” 
I lowered the volume and slipped the headphones around my neck. “How’s the head?”
“Not so bad. The usual. I’ll wolf down a sandwich and it’ll be fine. . . . How’s the birthday?”
I’d been so preoccupied, somehow the fact it was my birthday had slipped my mind. Was it a good birthday? Couldn’t say it was, really. The party had been well-meant and I appreciated my flatmates for going to the effort, but honesty my seventeenth was sucking pretty bad lemons right now. 
Had I just been building this thing with Chrissy up in my head too much? Was that why I was disappointed? Could it just be that’s what if felt like—that there really isn’t anything exhilarating about falling for someone at all? Had Hollywood mind-fucked me into thinking there should be this amazing spark? 
Like the tingles you felt around Jack? 
I shivered as Terry repeated. “Birthday not so flash then?”
“Mmm . . . no, it’s good. Chrissy and I are going out for a date Saturday.”
“Yay for Drake,” I heard Faye croak behind us. She was sleepy-eyed and moving from foot to foot like a zombie. “Happy Birthday.” She gathered her hair and tied it up into a messy bun, lifting the shadows off her face, and I saw she looked more than tired—she looked like she’d cried the night away. “Terry . . .” she said, raising an eyebrow and subtly inclining her head in my direction. What was that about? More importantly, why the tear-stained face?
“On to it, gorgeous,” Terry said, picking himself off the balcony and squeezing Faye's arm as he went back inside.
Faye took his spot and gave me a hug. “Seventeen: how does it feel?”
I put an arm around her shoulder, wanting to ask her how she felt. But not wanting to push, shrugged. “So much better than sixteen.”
“Really?”
I shook my head. “It feels pretty much the same.” Save all the freaking confused feelings. 
I frowned, leaning back against the door frame, sun bleeding through the buildings across from us to lap at my feet. But I couldn’t enjoy the warmth, my mind repeating my last sentence. Feels pretty much the same. The same. And, if I were honest with myself, maybe these confused feelings weren’t all that new, but had been there much, much longer. Maybe always. Just something I’d suppressed, fought down, smothered with will alone. Nothing I’d let myself think long enough about to really realize what they were really about. . . .  
I shivered and Faye moved closer and rested her head against my shoulder. 
“I hoped it would feel different,” she said. “I’m sick of feeling this way.”
“What way?”
She sighed and her breath was warm through my shirt. “Wish-washy. Like, well, haven’t you noticed? I get so invested in things, but only for a little while. Like this whole online gaming thing—it’s fun and I love it, but it’s nothing that defines me, but I think that’s the way you and Jack see me, sometimes.”
I shook my head. “No, I—”
But she cut me off. “I just want to make myself a better person, better than my parents—sometimes I overcompensate, like becoming a vegetarian or getting all environmental conscious. I mean, I do care about those things, but it’s a little displaced, the passion.” She tried to control a hiccup. “I guess I still feel so young, really young. I—I don’t really know who I am. I want that to change. I wish it were as simple as turning a year older.” Plucking the player from my lap with trembling hands, she asked, “Anything interesting?”
I lifted her chin; her eyes were moist, lip quavering. “Don’t do that. Don’t change the topic like that.” I wanted to give her more comforting words, like it was okay she didn’t know who she was, that she was doing the right thing by trying stuff out. But it felt too preachy somehow, and who was I to speak?—I was also trying to navigate the murky waters of who I was. 
I kissed the top of her forehead and tucked her into the crook of my arm. “It’s okay. If you ever need to talk, I’m here to listen, okay?”
She nodded, blinking rapidly. “I know. And Terry’s there too.” She gave a small laugh. “I’d be lost without him.”
“We are all there for you, Faye. We might be annoying asses at time, and say or do the wrong thing, but at the heart of it, we care.”
“Thank you.” 
We looked out onto the mist-clung blades of grass, water droplets sending miniature rainbows in all directions.
“God,” she said with a yawn, “I’m hardly ever up this early. It’s so pretty to see London in the morning fog.” 
“Yeah, it is.”
We sat in silence until we heard Terry’s footsteps on the stairs. “You ready, Jack?” he called.
“Ugh . . . ” I heard the sound of the toilet flushing. “Sec.” Then a retch. 
Faye and I exchanged a grinning shake of the head.
“Okay man. Happy birthday breakfast.” I turned to see a cake, plastered in pink icing with seventeen glowing blue candles sticking out.
“Pink?”
“Hey, you wanted raspberry coconut.”
“Make a wish,” Faye said. I thought about it a moment, thought of everything Faye and I had just shared, and blew out the candles in one puff.
“Cut it, let’s have a piece,” Terry said.
“Here,” Jack said from the hall. He sounded like he needed to sleep another eight hours. At least. I could hardly make him out in the dim hall, but even what I saw wasn’t pretty.
Terry went to Jack inside, and I heard them rummaging about. “Makes more sense if you do that first,” I heard Jack whisper. Followed by: “I think I’m gonna chuck again.” A door slammed.
Five minutes later, both guys emerged, carrying a large cardboard box. “Part one,” Terry said. “Something Faye and I assembled.” He handed it to me.
I ripped off the ribbon and pulled the flaps down to get a look inside. I gulped. “Guys, that’s . . .  I can’t say how awesome this is.”
“Has a solar power option, if you can find a spot in your room where the sun would hit it during the day.”
Carefully, I lifted the record player from the box. Wow.
Jack popped his head round the edge of the doorframe, a tiny smudge of toothpaste at the corner of his mouth. “Part two.” He handed me a thin, square parcel. A record, for sure. But what?
I tore it open. Then my mouth went slack. “But, I thought—”
“We couldn’t afford to buy you anything, but we wanted to give you something. So we decided as your gift you didn’t have to sell anything for the flat.”
I gripped either side of my signed copy of Refused’s The Shape of Punk to Come and held it close. Thanks, I mouthed at Jack, who smiled briefly, before he frowned and rubbed his stomach.
“Should be charged enough for you to use it right now,” Terry said, checking the player.
I didn’t need telling twice. 
As New Noise filled the air around us, I felt more at home than ever. I shuffled back, leaned against the side of our house, and enjoyed a slice of cake. Once I was stuffed, I shut my eyes. 
Maybe the rest of my birthday was looking up. This moment was perfect. Nothing could change this. 
With a start, I opened them again. I wanted nothing to change this. But that wasn’t the case. German authorities were planning to tear our home apart. Cold fingered its way down my spine until goose-bumps covered my body. 
I jumped up. “Guys, we need to get back to the investigation. It’s time to meet Beatrice Wymer and Walter Ballard-Cardon.” Terry’s fist clenched as I said the last name.
“Uhh . . . ”  
I looked at Jack. He’d made an effort to brush his hair, but his face was still pale. “I don’t feel so great,” he said.
Terry chuckled. “Hey when did you go to bed last night? One moment you were there, then the next, gone.”
“Early,” Jack said, not looking at me. “Like, two a.m. British time.”
“Quarter to, actually,” I said.
He scowled. Ah, there’s the Jack I knew.
I laughed but stopped when I caught Faye giving Terry a look. What was she smirking about? But I shrugged it off, checking the time.
“Anyway, let’s get cracking,” I said.
“Ass into Gear,” Terry said.
“Hit the road.”
‘Get rolling.”
‘Get a groove on.”
I let them take the piss out of me a bit longer. “Come on guys, not quite the point, do you think?”
* * *

Beatrice Wymer was not what I’d been expecting. I’d seen her on the video surveillance, but under the cover of what must have been a massively oversized coat. I ran an eye over the not-quite-thirty-year-old standing near the door of her office, shaking Terry’s hand. My god, was he blushing? 
She wore a skimpy white, skin tight blouse, emphasizing her well rounded boobs and slim but curvy figure. Her hips poked out as if there wasn’t enough material to cover them. A red and yellow checkered mini skirt covered half her thighs—at a stretch—and she wore brown suede boots with a fringe up to the knee. 
My mouth wasn’t the only one that’d dropped. Jack and Faye’s had too. We shared a look that could be summarized as O.M.G. Terry grinned broadly and slurred some of his words.
I blinked and tried to keep my eyes rooted on Beatrice’s face as she waved us into her office, but it was hard not to be distracted elsewhere. And it wasn’t because I was interested. I caught Jack’s eye slip from face to chest more than once, too. 
Beatrice didn’t seem to notice, or at least didn’t care. She was confident, and no matter how much I was aware of the stereotype, I was still surprised at how smart she was. I mean, come on, university lecturer before even turning thirty?
My gaze dipped once more, this time coming with a more important thought: if she looked like this, why the heck would she wear such a large coat to the museum?
Terry held a university prospectus in his hand. We were here under cover as a prospective student group. “I’m particularly fascinated with geology, and it says here,” he tapped the thick booklet, “that you teach these courses.”
“What aspects of the science are you interested in studying?” Beatrice’s voice was firm, but kind. “My specialty involves a large practical area in mineral extraction.”
Jack must have seen Terry hesitate, because he jumped right in. “Well I’m interested in the processes of how different strata are formed and changed. Extraction sounds quite up my alley, too.”
“Well, if you like to work with solids and liquids, not just restricted to Dowrl, then my courses may be right for you.” Beatrice strode over to her desk, Jack and Terry followed. Faye and I split, each checking out her office from our standing points at opposite ends of Beatrice’s desk.
Different colored gems, stones and sand samples were presented on the shelves. A little handwritten tag sat to the side of each. Brilliant purple sugilite, blue lapis lazuli with creamy splotches and blue Lace Agate with wavy white lines lined the length of one shelf. Malachite, Chrysocolla, Hematite, Ruby, Quartz, Amethyst . . . In a hive of color, I searched for red, but I couldn’t see anything resembling Red Eye. Of course, I never really expected it to be just sitting on a shelf.
Behind Beatrice’s desk was a screen where stones were being zoomed in on from all angles. Was there any audio to those shots or were they just there to stare at? How boring. And how was it possible to really stare at anything else in the office besides Beatrice, anyway?
“To make a more informed decision about what course you want to take I’ll send you some sample lessons.”
Terry nodded; it looked like he was having a hard time concentrating. He would have nodded at anything. Faye none-too-subtly elbowed him in the ribs.
“Yeah, that’d be great,” Jack said. 
“What school are you from?” Beatrice asked as she looped the Soundimer she wore as a bracelet around her middle finger and, fluffy side up, pressed. 
I glanced at Terry, waiting for him to answer and his eyes widened. Jack looked flustered. Crap, we hadn’t been so great working out the details of our con this round.
“Er,” I started, “It’s a great school—we went together.”
In front of each of us appeared a pen and paper. Beatrice snapped the Soundimer back around her wrist. “Which great school is this?” 
“Private school just outside of Drupes,” Faye said and below the desk, I saw her frantically typing into her fancy-little computer gizmo thing.
“Kings?” 
Faye gave a little sigh. “No, Creek’s college.”
Beatrice smiled, recognition flooding her face. She nodded, approvingly. “Yes, very good school. Had a cousin go there. She’s now in politics. That school really knows how to breed them.”
While she spoke, I jotted down my email address. Half-way through writing, a marked pile of essays on her desk caught my attention. The title read: 
A Dissection and Comparison of the Properties of Stones and Gems Found on Earth and Dowrl: The United States of America vs. The Cariema Belts. Geo 376. Lecturer Beatrice Wymer. Student ID number: 202876.
Something about the title nagged at me, but I couldn’t place why. I repeated the title in my head a few times to be sure I remembered, then laid down the pen. As soon as it vanished, it reappeared in Beatrice’s left hand. She immediately typed the address into her computer. 
“I’ll get these lessons to you A.S.A.P. Was there anything else I could help you with?”
“No,” Jack said, “but thanks for the information.” 
Once we were outside, Terry let out a low whistle. “I’m really starting to like rocks . . . ”
Faye nudged him, then said to Jack, “Thanks for saving us from looking stupid.” She looked pointedly at Terry.
“What are you talking about? You’re the one who figured out what school we’re from.”
Not looking away from Terry, Faye said, “yeah, but you were the only one of us who actually sounded like we knew anything about rocks other than the two in her shirt.”
“Riiight,” I said. “We have a bit of time to kill before we pay Walter a visit, any suggestions?”
“Lunchtime theatre?” Faye suggested, pointing to a poster on a student notice board.
Terry shrugged. “If we have to. Guess anything’s better than freezing our asses off in this cold. Isn’t it supposed to be summer?”
As Terry said ‘freezing’, my mind jumped to the thin layer of clothing Beatrice wore to the overly large winter jacket she’d sported at the museum. 
At the museum where it’d been stuffy and hot. The woman was definitely up to something. But what? Was it related to the Red Eye?
“Cinderella Has Syphilis. Set in a mental institution, we learn another, rather dark side of the fairy story characters that used to warm our hearts. Well, I’m curious,’ Faye said. “Playing at Arnold theatre. Got the uni map, Drake?”
“Got it,” I said, glancing at Jack next to me, one hand in his pocket.
An eensy smirk twitched at his lip.
“Glad to see you guys have forgiven each other.” Faye stumbled over a protruding cobblestone and Terry caught her arm.
“Lift your darn feet higher when you walk, girl. The way you shuffle everywhere, I’m surprised you don’t fall over more often.”
“Terry!” Faye looked flabbergasted. 
“Just telling you how I see it, gorgeous.”
“Well, I’ll tell you how I see it then, let’s see how you like it.”
“I’m all ears.”
“You’re a . . . a . . .” 
He raised a questioning brow.  “A . . . ?
Faye looked ready to explode. “Agh, just go away.” She pushed him to the side and Terry feigned physical pain.
Jack and I chuckled and when our eyes met, we both quickly looked away. 
“Should be just over the bridge on the other side of the river.” I squinted at the fine print on the map. “The entrance is opposite of the psychology department.”
At some point, Arnold theatre had been a church. And an impressive one at that. A bell tower curved elegantly upwards, tipped with a spire, and hundreds of gargoyles jutted out above large stain-glass windows and doorframes. As I was appreciating the gothic majesty of the place, Jack knocked my leg with the back of his hand.
“Where are the dragons?” he said, pointing to a large smoke-strip, floating like a cloud above the church, advertising for Lunchtime Theatre.
I frowned, sweeping my eyes across the bare slants of the church roof. 
And stopped walking. 
Oh my god.
“What?” Jack said, followed by Terry and Faye.
“The g-gargoyles,” I stammered.
Their eyes darted to them. Dragons. Hundreds of miniature grey dragons bolted into the church. Now it was obvious what they were and I wondered how I didn’t see it right away. Cold, flat, blinking eyes stared ahead.  
“Awful,” Faye said for all of us. 
I dragged my head away and, as I did, caught sight of the psychology department. “That’s a contrast.”
Terry was the first to follow my gaze. “Don’t know whether to call it hideous or beautiful.”
It was both. 
Hideous in that it was a newly constructed concrete block at least ten stories high, no adornment, no frills—the bulk-bin supply of buildings. No one who loved architecture—or even had an ounce of respect for it—could have designed such a thing. It stuck out like a sore thumb in the middle of a gothic-hive of buildings. 
But it was beautiful. Not a single dragon was strapped to it.
I grabbed the prospectus off Terry and flicked through the pages until I came to the psychology department. “That explains it.”
“What?” Jack came closer, peering over my shoulder, his breath warm on my neck.
“Professor Thomas Quincey works in this department.”
“What an awful view, to look out onto the church.” Jack shuddered and I felt it through my jacket. I stepped away from him.
“Motivating,” Faye said. “That has to be truly motivating.”
“Play’s going to start soon,” I said, glancing up at the dragon-gargoyles once more. At least it was bound to be warm inside.
The largest dragon’s gaze atop the church arched-door followed us as we moved toward the doors. I had to look down, staring at my laces until we passed the threshold. A long nave extended in front of us with a large aisle leading to an altar. Huge columns, twisted like screws, extended in two lines either side of us. Faye said something, but it was as if the high ceilings snatched her voice away to send it immediately to the heavens. 
Jack let out a low breath of appreciation. I felt it too, despite my growing disgust, as I eyed the tens of coves skirting each wall, lit with brilliant yellow flames, in each of them the tip of a dragon’s tail. 
The air seemed to press against my chest with a heavy weight; similar to how I felt learning the Berlin City Council wanted to destroy our home. I was so small in here, we all were. Insignificant. And it was so big. Powerful. How could we possibly conquer it?
“Drake?” Terry said, slipping an arm over my shoulder and urging me to a side door. “You okay?” 
“Fine,” I said. “I’m fine.”
We passed a sign directing us to this Lunchtime Theatre: Cinderella Has Syphilis. 
Following the directions, we descended a spiral staircase. We snuck silently into the back row (the play had already begun). A short man, wearing a red and white striped hat was in the middle of some kind of tantrum.
You know the last time we spoke
And it was in front of a lot of folk
She with all her authority
Rose up to challenge me!
She said that I should grow up
And not to address people by saying Waz up?
'Nah', I said to her it's what I like to do
Be friendly with those who are colloquial too.

Shuffling on the hard stool into a more comfortable position, I brushed my arm against Jack’s. He’d taken off his coat and I could see the goose bumps on his skin. 
Dammit. If that didn’t make it harder to concentrate . . .
I stared at the stage, but every now and then I had the prickly feeling I was being watched.
When it happened again, I snapped around in time to catch Jack looking at me. He gave me a small smile. One that said: I know you know I was watching you. 
Now it was impossible to follow the play. 
Still, I rooted my eyes to the stage. 
I did not watch him out the corner of my eye.
Well, not much.
When his hand hit mine on the armrest we shared, I should have moved away. But I didn’t. Instead, I twitched my pinkie against his ever-so-slightly.
It was only when he twitched back that an image of Chrissy popped into my head and my stomach knotted together as it had done in Jack’s room this morning. 
Chrissy, Chrissy, Chrissy. I had a date with Chrissy. I liked Chrissy.
Before long, a loud clapping forced me to refocus toward the stage where the actors stood in a line, bowing. Once they disappeared off stage a chorus of chatter started and people rummaged around while leaving their rows. Faye leaned over Terry, throwing me a big smile. “Didn’t you just love it!”
Terry and Jack hummed some comment or other, then Faye looked at me, waiting for my response. 
I was a fan of the smile and nod principle. It’d gotten me out of difficult situations before. 
So I did just that: nodded cheerily and smiled.
“You!” A loud voice cut across the room. I turned towards it, as did a number of people. “You.” 
I froze when my eyes caught the girl it came from. Terry hurried Faye and Jack out of their seats.
I’d forgotten Avice was still in Drupes. 
I hustled Jack to move more quickly. 
“Don’t you go anywhere, detective.” Avice was pointing at me. She stomped past an elderly couple and zigzagged through a few preppy guys, her eyes riveted on me. 
When she stood opposite me, her voice turned low and even more lethal (If that were possible). “Not only did you pretend to be my boyfriend and scare my mother out of her wits, and then dare to suck information from me in a cunning, insidious manner. . . But to steal my diary? That crosses every line.”
Jack and Faye gasped behind me, and I flustered trying to find some words, any words. “I’m—”
She cut me off, “I want it back! And if I don’t get it back by the end of the day, I’ll report you.” With that she took off.
I hung my head. She was right, it was stupid of me. I’d known that, why else lie to my flatmates? 
Crap, what a birthday to remember.
“You did what!” Faye cried, once we’d left the theatre. “Why?”
“Evidence. I wanted to be thorough, make sure we didn’t miss any possible motivations . . .”
“I get that, man,” Terry said and I was glad to have someone on my side. Even if I knew I didn’t deserve it.
“I’m with Faye,” Jack said, furious. Why was I surprised? “You don’t just go taking people’s diaries. That’s private.” He’d paled and his jaw twitched. It was almost worried, and I had the distinct feeling, he wasn’t really talking about Avice’s diary at all. After a drawn breath, he said. “Weren’t you going to tell us about it?”
I bit my bottom lip and looked away.
Then his paleness disappeared as he calculated, well, me I guess. He started laughing. “Oh-ohhh!”
“Going to fill the rest of us in?” Faye asked, still frowning.
“I was right!” Jack said. “Avice and Jerry meeting the first time. It involved animals, didn’t it? You owe me two weeks of dishes.” 
Jack was so thrilled he slapped my back and kept it there a second.
“Yeah,” I mumbled.
“Say what?”
“Yes, okay, yes!” At least now that the cat was out the bag I could ask. “How’d you know anyway?”
“Was a hunch. Terry’s allergic to fur and he kept sneezing at Josina’s, so I guessed she had cats or something. But when she made us a cup of tea, I was amazed at how clean everything was. Not a single thread out of place. I couldn’t imagine animals living there, and didn’t see any. So I guessed Avice had been hanging round something with fur and left traces . . . As I said, a hunch.” 
“Ah, well . . . I—” I was speechless. Faye and Terry weren’t saying anything either so I guessed they were, too. “—I’m surprised we still have a case on our hands with you in the group,” I eventually said.
Jack gave a small nod, like it was no big deal and stepped to my side, but before he was close, Terry threw an arm around me and him, and we started moving in the direction of the bridge. “Let’s crack this baby. And soon.” 
“Actually, guys,” I called out, “we still have a bit of time to kill. Think we could check out the history of Professor Quincey’s building? Must be historical.”
Terry let us go. “Beats wandering in the cold.”
Faye followed, but sulkily. I could tell she was still upset about taking Avice’s diary. I tried to give her an I’m sorry smile, but she looked away.
The building was just as ugly on the inside. Terry’s head was close to touching the ceiling, the linoleum floors squeaked under our shoes and the walls were a mint green color that reminded me of hospital gowns. 
“Where now?”
“Let’s ask reception.” I scanned the board. “Level one. This way.”
A couple of students bounded down the stairs, laughing hysterically; they were trying to talk to each other but it all sounded like high squeaks to me, ending in more bouts of giggles. 
The first floor was more active. People were walking about, talking, lining up outside offices, and a soothing chatter filled the air. 
“Hi,” I said, flashing the secretary a grin. “We’re interested in the history of the building. Where would we get more information on that?”
“Oh right,” she said, like it was a run-of-the-mill request. “There’s a small bit on the psychology department’s brochure, but the most info you’ll find on a pin board outside Professor Quincey’s office. Third floor, second door on your right.” She gave us a smile, then focused her attention on the person behind us. 
Jack was puffing once we’d reached the pin board. “Man, alcohol sucks it out of you. Never again.”
Terry and I laughed. 
“Sure. Sure,” Terry said.
“It’s a love-hate relationship.” I said. “You might hate it now, but the love will come back.” Then I did something stupid: I winked. “The love always comes back.”
A tiny little indent cracked between Jack’s eyebrows and he gave me a funny look, like he was unsure how quite to respond to that. For a second, I thought he might say something, but instead he looked at the floor, a tiny smile quirking his lips.
 The smile had my stomach fluttering. I twisted from view, cursing myself for the wink. Was my body on auto-drive? 
It didn’t mean anything. Really.
And I didn’t like that smile. 
Not at all.
Thank god Faye drew our attention to the board. “This is Professor Quincey’s first success. It was after all dragons were removed from this building he was nominated to be spokesperson for the Dragon Slavery Abolition Movement.”
There were pictures of the dragons being unchained.  Before and after shots of the building. 
Then I recognized Professor Quincey’s voice, coming from down the hall. I followed the trail, around the corner to his open office door. 
“There is a reason we use student ID numbers. You don’t want others to have an unfair advantage, do you? My sister’s in this class, you know. And I make an effort not to be biased. That’s why it would be a good idea to resubmit your essay. Just change the cover page and footer to your ID number. Thank you.”
A boy came out the room with what an essay in hand. At the same time Jack approached me from the side.
“Next,” Professor Quincey called out.
I looked about, but there wasn’t anyone else.
“You coming in or not?” Professor Quincey said.
“Er, yeah.” I motioned to Jack and we slipped in.
“How can I help?” he said and then looked up. “Now, where do I recognize you from? Are you in one of my postgrad classes?”
“No,” I said, “we, er, bumped into each other on the street the other day.”
“Right. Right.” He tapped his head as if to acknowledge he was losing his mind. 
“You invited us to a demonstration,” I added. 
“That’s right. Will you be there?”
Jack nodded.
“So what brings you here?”
“Actually, we were wondering about the history of the building. And how come it doesn’t have dragon heating.”
A large smile lit up Professor Quincey’s face. “I lobbied for years before I finally won. In the end I convinced the majority of the humanities board that this was the right move, that we had to start with the abolition somewhere. I got the most support from the Philosophy and History departments, as well as Psychology, of course.”
A flash of someone walking past Professor Quincey’s door caught my eye. Now that there were others waiting for their turn with him, we’d better hurry.
I motioned Jack to wrap things up, but either he misunderstood or ignored me. “What do you teach?”
“I run both theoretical as well as practical courses with a focus on fears and ways to get over them.”
“Drake, here, is freaked out by birds.” Jack said with a smirk. “Is that normal?”
 My eyes widened. He didn’t just say that!
Professor Quincey smiled, but answered sincerely. “Fear is an internal response to the threat of danger and everyone has it”—he looked at me—“Do you consider it an irrational fear?”
I so didn’t want to be psycho-analyzed right now, or ever for that matter. I scowled at Jack. 
He would pay for this.
I faced Professor Quincey again and nodded.
“How long have you had it?”
I shrugged. “A while.”
“Then it’s probably an anxiety disorder. Usually the result of outside influences and biological predispositions. Did you experience anything traumatic as a kid?”
I wanted to laugh, up until two years ago my life was one big traumatic experience. I swallowed. “Does watching The Birds at age six count?”
Jack was so gonna pay.
“Probably. Here’s some info and books you can read on it, if you like.” Professor Quincey did the signature loop of the Soundimer around his middle finger and pressed the ball, fluffy side up. Within a few short moments I had a list of reading materials in my hand.
“Err . . . thanks.” I really wanted to leave now. “Guess, we’ll see you Sunday then.”
 I headed out the door as he murmured something back. A woman with her back to me was leaning on Professor Quincey’s door. I was only glad that she didn’t turn around. She would’ve heard everything, and I was embarrassed enough. I tugged on Jack’s arm, dragging him behind me.
“What the hell, man?” I hissed, once we’d turned the corner.
He looked into my eyes and shrugged. Before he could say anything, Faye called out. “Drake. Jack. There you guys are. I just checked my notes, Walter plays bridge at 2.30, not 3.30. We have to hurry if we want to steal into his place.”
“Terry? Would you be okay if just you and Faye checked his place out?” I asked, a plan formulating in my head.
Terry raised an eyebrow. “I was the one who taught you how to break in, sure we can handle this.”
“Yeah, I gotta get back to the house to pick up the diary and return it to Avice.” But that wasn’t all . . . 
I wanted to grin at my plan, but forced myself to keep a straight face.
“You could do that on your own, Drake,” Jack said, suspicious. And rightly so. 
“No. I might need you. You’re coming with me.”
“Meet you guys back at the house later?” Faye said. “We really have to go now.” With that, Terry and Faye disappeared out the door.
Slowly, I turned to Jack a cruel smile pulling at my lips. Now you’re all mine.







Chapter 10

Jack eyed me with caution the entire journey home. Only once I’d packed Avice’s diary and we were on the road again did he relax a little. 
“Spit it out. You’re mad, aren’t you?”
Ya say?
But I wasn’t about to let him take the fun out of my plan by apologizing. “Nope.” 
Oh hell yeah I was. 
“It’s my birthday, let’s just . . . get along for once, okay?”
He stuck his hands in her pockets and kept walking. A mischievous thrill ran through me as we took a short cut down a narrow side street. “Drake?” Jack’s voice came low and rumbly.
“Yeah?”
“There’s something I want to talk to you about.”
My heart froze. It was as if there was a big red siren flashing in my head warning me: you know what’s about to come. 
Maybe, maybe not, but I still didn’t want to risk it.
“Me first,” I said too quickly. “Am the birthday boy after all.”
 “Right.” Jack pulled his hands from his pockets, looping his thumbs around his belt-straps. Why couldn’t he keep his hands still? 
Was he nervous? 
Danger zone, the siren was now squealing. Maybe he’d noticed the weird way I’d been looking at him yesterday and today. Oh God, maybe he felt uncomfortable and wanted to know what the hell was going on. 
Well, that made two of us, buddy. 
Or worse (better?), if he knew and didn’t mind it.
“You know how I have this date with Chrissy, Saturday?” 
Why couldn’t I’ve thought of something else? 
I heard a gulping sound come from Jack. “Yeah, I know.”
“Do you think roses would be over the top?” 
Roses? What, was I middle aged?
“Really trying to woo her, huh?” Jack actually smiled. “I’m no expert, Drake, but I don’t think she’s the courting type. At best she might find it . . . corny. Best just to you know, be nice.” He said nice like it was a foreign word I might not know about. I wanted to smack his arm, but didn’t want the proximity.
We exited the narrow street and crossed through a long archway of trees into South-Cherry Public Park. “So,” I said, tentatively. Not wanting—and really wanting—to know. “What did you want to talk about?”
“Um, nothing.”
I breathed out, trying not to acknowledge a small—eensy, eensy—part of me that was disappointed.
We walked on in silence beside each other, shoes squelching over soggy ground. Kids in tuxedos and girls in bright, puffy dresses were running round adults who huddled together, waving their arms about, voices loud but indistinct—bawdy, perhaps drunken. What must have been the groom held the bride tightly, swaying in front of a three-tiered wedding cake. Their chaotic hurrah grew louder, heavier, and I was thankful for it making the silence between Jack and me more bearable. 
Jack’s arm swung, brushing against mine on the narrow path as we walked toward the wedding party, edging a small lake. It was beautiful. A little like a Monet print, with lily pads and hazy reflections on the water. And for a moment I wished to stop walking and stand there, sinking into the feeling of being surrounded by such warm color, with Jack by my side.
“Check it out,” Jack said, extending his arm, pointing to the top of the little white chapel we’d sat next to only days before. “A dragon smoke-strip.”
I looked at the orange, yellow and red speckled dragon with white wedding lace choked about its neck, no doubt to match the themed wedding party. A huge smoke strip bubbled above his head in the sky, wisps of smoke feeding into it from the dragon’s mouth.
I gasped when I figured out what it was meant to be, disgusted for a moment before the message soaked in and I wanted to cheer the dragon on—for standing up himself.
But I held myself back as the wedding noise clarified: what I thought a bawdy wedding reception was an incensed one. The guests jerked their hands toward the sky, cursing, yelling.  
The smoke-strip was an image of an aisle. At the altar stood two dragons, one wearing a veil, the other a suit. Chained up at the ends of each pew where normally flowers would be, were babies with bows around their necks.
A group of five policemen arrived as we rounded the last edge of the lake. They climbed up a ladder at the side of the chapel. I stopped in my tracks, watching as the dragon anxiously glanced at the men making their way up for him. But still he blew the smoke, keeping the strip intact.
Once the policemen reached the roof, they pulled out batons. 
I stumbled back into Jack and he dug his fingers into my arm when they beat the dragon. Jack and I screamed a string of curses at the police men, but our words were whipped up by a breeze and blown away.  I yanked Jack away, trying to turn us both around so we wouldn’t have to see. 
But he threw me off. 
“This is so wrong,” he croaked. Blood spilled out of the dragon and its image turned into a haze of smoke.

Still, they kept beating him. I felt Jack shudder. 
“Let’s go,” I said, tucking my arm under his and pulling him away.
I offered him a tissue from my pocket, but he only looked away and swiped his eyes with his sleeve. “That’s fucking wrong,” he said, when he could turn to me again.
My stomach had churned seeing it, and I was close to throwing up. “I know.” 
Now it was my turn to shudder. 
Behind a large cherry tree, Jack stopped and took my hand. It was just for a second, just enough to make me stop too; but suddenly, my stomach was churning differently. 
 “That was awful, Drake,” he croaked. “I don’t understand why they—”
I collected a breath. “This is a very prejudiced society, Jack. This type of thing goes on all the time here.”
Jack shuddered again. I wrapped my arms around him and hugged. 
“Sorry,” I said. 
I should have let go almost as soon as I started it, but I didn’t, his warmth was comforting—reminding me I wasn’t alone in the terror of what I’d just seen. I needed to feel him closer and squeezed once more, feeling the heat of our bodies so close together. 
Jack ripped away, turning from me. I thought he might have cussed under his breath, but I wasn’t sure. Then he charged ahead of me and walked to the road. 
My plans for getting back at him drizzled away. How could I do it now?
“Shit,” he said, kicking at a clump of grass. 
“You alright?”
He spun. “No, I’m not freaking alright. How can I be when I have to spend the afternoon with you. And then,”—he pointed back toward the chapel—“that! This is screwed up!”
The way he said ‘you’ was cold and hard, almost a sneer.
I wasn’t going to admit hearing it hurt.
But, okay, it did.
Jack threw his head back toward the sky and breathed out. “Look, sorry, that came out—”
“Doesn’t matter.” I walked past him. 
The plan was so back on.
I found the small diner without any problem. It was tucked in between a bike rental store and a small supermarket. A couple of tall red tables stood out front, and I led a moping Jack to the one furthest from the diner entrance.
“Wait here, I’m going to grab us something to eat with the tenner I found in the gutter, yesterday.” In five minutes I returned with a large burger, fries and soda. 
I pushed the burger in his direction. “Eat.”
Jack glumly looked at the food, and reluctantly took a bite. A drop of tomato sauce ran down his finger. He licked it off and I swallowed. Then he took another bite, chewing slowly, before placing the burger back on the plate. “Tastes weird.”
Coolly, without any hint of a smile, I replied, “Never eaten spider meat before. Weird, huh?”
Before I could tell what was happening, his plate had been shoved toward me with such force that the burger had come apart and was dripping down my front. I watched Jack’s face contort in anger, then pale. He turned so white, I thought he was going to chuck. Slowly, the color returned to his cheeks. “You’re kidding.”
I pulled out Avice’s diary from my bag and flicked it open to the correct entry. 
Man I just love food! To remember: Salad Andrews for the best salads (but that was probably obvious wasn’t it?), Tiny Totters for the most awesome sweet potato croquettes, Eight, Nine, Ten for the finest spider paddy burger, Alco Ococ for the best fizzed jam, Cindy Cunday for a pretty damn good ice cream...
Jack looked up at the diner. “Eight, Nine, Ten,” he read. Then he ran from the store to the park across the road and threw up in the bushes.
I followed him. (Yes, feeling bad I’d gone through with it. I hadn’t thought he’d chuck for real.)
His jaw line hardened when he stood up and saw me. “Jerk.” 
He stalked off.
“Wait,” I yelled. “It’s just a joke. It was a falafel burger with eight layers of stuff, that’s all!”
He kept walking. 
Ah, crap.
Maybe we were better at hating each other than being . . . friendly anyway.
I let him go, and stalked off in the opposite direction, wishing each heavy step would take away the guilt that seemed to be growing.

* * *

Three hours later, and still feeling guilty, I arrived back home. Faye and Terry were in the kitchen, eating cake. They looked dark through my sunglasses.
“Give Avice back her diary?” was the first thing Faye asked at the same time Terry asked, “What’s with the sun glasses.”
I faced Faye, taking off the glasses. “I sure did. There’s your proof.” She winced at the black eye left behind from Avice’s killer right hook.
“Dude,” Terry said, shaking his head.
But it didn’t hurt, I didn’t care about it at all. I just wanted to know one thing. 
“Jack back, yet?”
“Thought he was with you,” Terry said, pink icing streaked across his upper lip.
“We kinda had a fight.”
“No surprise there,” Faye said. 
I slipped the sunglasses onto my head and sat. “What about Walter? You guys get proof?”
“See for yourself,” Terry growled and threw his camera over as if it were a ball in a rugby game. I caught and switched it on. 
The quality of the image displayed on his small digital camera was crystal although it was difficult to hear anything being said. The image rocked a bit as Terry walked down the hall to the first door. Through the eyes of the camera, I investigated each room. Most of the smooth surfaces were covered in family photos; there were many of Walter when he must have been twenty years younger, as well as some of Josina and Avice.
Then Faye and Terry entered his study. Faye was riffling through the documents on his desk, letting Terry zoom up on any she thought were important. First was his calendar entry for the day the jewel went missing: Berlin with Avice. Museum of Natural History, 10am. Then came some receipts for diamorphine and diclofenac. “Diamorphine? What is that?” I mumbled. “Painkillers?”
“Very strong painkillers.” Faye had come up behind me and was watching, too. “I did some research as soon as I got home. These painkillers are only prescribed to people who… who are dying.” She said the last words softly.
“Dying?” I repeated, something clicking in my head. 
Then on screen Faye took out a black folder from the bottom desk drawer. Even before she opened it, I knew what it would be.
“Walter didn’t steal the jewel,” I said.
“I know,” Terry growled again and now I understood his reaction. He was disappointed. He wanted to get to the end of the mystery so that his home, our home, was finally secure again.
I watched as the camera zoomed up on Walter’s will. 
“He’s left everything to Josina,” Faye said.
“But he hasn’t even told her he’s dying . . . ” I gulped, suddenly sad for the warm woman who had so openly welcomed us into her home. (Even if she had poisoned Jack). It made me feel terrible for deceiving her.
I switched the recording off and handed the camera back to Terry. 
“Cake?” he offered.
“Hell yeah.” I stuffed a square piece in my mouth, hoping like an idiot it would choke away the shittiness I felt.
“What did you fight about this time?” Faye asked.
“Nothing much. I pretended that he’d eaten a spider burger and he freaked out.”
Terry laughed. Finally, someone who got that it was a joke. “Better watch your back,” he said. “He’s bound to come back with birds.”
I shivered.
But when midnight came, and Jack was still not back, I started wishing what Terry said would come true. At least then he’d be home. 
A hard lump formed in my throat when I thought about the dragon beating we’d witnessed. How upset he’d been. 
He wouldn’t do anything stupid, though. Would he?
It made me anxious, but Terry and Faye didn’t seem to think there was anything to worry about except that he was really, really pissed.
I had two cigarettes, one after the other to calm myself down. My matches were running out. I really had to find my lighter. Another half-assed search of my room revealed nothing. I glanced at my watch. Half past twelve. I crept up to his room and planted myself on a chair.

It was one thirty when he got back. Under the gap of his door I saw the light from the hall. I couldn’t hear his footsteps and he opened his door slowly as if making sure it wouldn’t squeak and give him away.
The hall light went off, but he didn’t bother turning his bedroom light on. Not wanting to freak him out again, I shuffled on the chair.
“Who’s there?” he whispered.
“Me,” I said, and he hissed. Guess I didn’t need to clarify with a ‘Drake’.
“What do you want?” 
I stretched out to tug his curtains until a small beam of sunlight filtered through, giving the room a faint bit of definition. 
“You’re home late.”
“Depends on how you look at it. In New Zealand it’s pretty early.”
I moved off the chair. “Jack, we were worried.”
“Oh, are Faye and Terry here, too?” he said with an edge of sarcasm.
“No. Fine, I was worried.” He stopped shuffling in the room and a silence filled the space between us. “I mean, I’m sorry about earlier.”
He sighed and fell back onto his bed. “I’m sorry, too,” he said. “I didn’t think I’d been so cruel to you in Quincey’s office. But I guess I was just as much a dick.” 
“It’s alright. No biggie.”
He turned his head in my direction. “Call it even?”
“Sure,” I said, watching as he kicked off his shoes and moved to his built-in closet. 
When he dug his hand into his pocket as he opened the closet door, I frowned. I found myself getting up and crossing over to him. He chucked some pajamas on the bed and closed the closet; he was just turning away from it when I closed the last few meters between us. 
I pressed my hand on the door so he was trapped by my body, but not touching. He didn’t even try to escape; he leaned back against the door and looked at me. 
His brow furrowed with concern. “Your eye.”
“It’s fine. Deserved, even.”
He glanced at my lips and up again.
I brushed my hand against his jeans, feeling something hard in his pocket. 
I leaned forward. “I’ve been thinking about this,” I said, and slid my fingers into his pocket. He grabbed my wrist but I shook him off, plunging deep into his pocket until I had my fingers around it. Then quickly withdrew them.
I flicked my lighter open and a flame flickered between us. 
“Sorry, Drake,” he croaked, glancing away from me, shrinking back against the closet door. “I didn’t want you smoking anymore.” 
All the times he’d put his hand in that exact pocket came back to me—he’d been carrying the lighter with him the whole time! I believed him when he said he didn’t want me smoking, but touching it so often—it was more than that. Suddenly things were becoming clearer. A lot clearer. 
He liked touching something of mine.
I swallowed a sudden intake of air, almost coughing. My body felt as if it was shaking to its core, my pulse racing so fast Jack had to hear it. He liked touching something of mine? Because he—because he liked me? He liked me. My mind strained to process it—taste what it meant. But it was like my senses were on overload, and I couldn’t palate it. A part of me wanted to sink closer into him, let him touch me instead, and another part wanted to hurl myself across the room, getting as much space between us as we could.
Then I caught Jack’s lip tremble and when he bit his lip, it was so endearing I wanted just to watch him—to smile, and what did that mean? Dammit what the fuck did all that mean? 
My gut stirred and with it the sudden need to swipe the nervous look off his face, to make him stop making me feel like this.
I slammed my hand against the door on the other side of his head, forcing him to look at me. “Damn it, Jack! This is—This just can’t happen.”
“I don’t—”
“You know what I’m talking about. You and I can’t happen. More than that, it won’t. You’re my flatmate, and a fucking guy!” I snapped the lid to my lighter shut, and Jack jumped away as I yanked the bedroom door open and stormed off. 
So what it was out in the open? I’d put him in his place . . .  Put both of us in our places. Now we’d just have to move on and forget about this. The lighter cut into my gripped hand and I threw it across the room to clatter against my own closet. In the morning this would all be over, forgotten—I wouldn’t think about it anymore. Starting now.
I stripped down to my boxers and jumped in bed. I twisted and turned to find one comfortable position. But there were none. 
After an hour, I screwed up my sheets and threw them to the floor. 
He was a guy.
Then I cried and cried until I fell asleep.

* * *
It was seven pm, Saturday evening. Most of the day I’d spent avoiding Jack, although it didn’t take much effort as he was doing the same thing. 
I served up sweet and sour vegetarian stir fry onto four plates, concentrating hard on doling out the food evenly. Harder than I normally would have anyway, because Jack had just walked into the room. I heard him open the fridge and pour himself a glass of something. He was an apple juice fan, so I guessed it was that. 
“Hey guys,” Faye said entering the room, as I drained the water from the rice, “You want to recap what we got so far?” It was a good idea to do our usual mid-mystery analysis, but I didn’t want a group meeting right now. “We could do it over dinner?”
“You all do it without me, I’ll catch up later,” Jack said, heading out the room.
‘Jack,’ I said, stopping him mid-track. Sorries flooded my mind as I saw his flustered face, but all I said was, “Here’s your dinner” and pressed a plate into his hand and quickly turned away.
“You’re on dishes,” was all he said.
Jack left and Terry stopped in the doorway. “Smells delicious, man.”
I gave Faye and Terry a plate and we all sat at the table. Faye had her small laptop opened up. “Let’s start with Auber, Rohesia. What do we know about her? What could her motivations be?”
“Didn’t you say she had a lot of jewelry? Maybe she just wants it?” Terry suggested. 
“Flick on the video footage of when you two were distracting her,” I said. I know Terry and Faye found nothing suspicious about the interaction, but I thought I should finally check it out.
Faye turned the laptop around so I could see the screen clearly. “First bit is only the walk to her place from the square. Only a bit of audio from the radio interview and then this bit, you bumping into Professor Quincey, it’s funny to watch.” She pressed start.
There I was stumbling over the Professor. “I’m so sorry,” came a voice, a deep voice—familiar and unfamiliar—mine. “Are you okay?”
 “Guys,” I said, “Do I sound like that?”
“Yup,” Terry said. “But damn it’s weird to hear your own voice. I thought mine would be lower.”
“I really am sorry. I wasn’t watching where I was going.” Me again. 
It sounded familiar. . . .
Faye waved a hand in front of my face? “. . . okay?”
“Huh?”
“I’m fast forwarding to Rohesia.”
“Oh, yeah.” 
 “I only just got her face in the frame because the threshold was like, that high.” She held her hands a school ruler-length apart. “And the recording chip was on my chest.”
Terry laughed. “Yeah, the way you held out your chest was like you were trying to compete with her or something.”
“I don’t like the way you say trying,” Faye said, looking at him out the corner of her eye. He shut up.
“Did she have—” I started.
“Huge,” Terry said.
“Anyway . . . ” Faye said, and I refocused on the screen.
The first part showed Faye and Terry handing out a brochure and presenting their ‘Vote Madeleine Boteler’ badges. There was a brief introduction to what their ‘party’ represented and then came the bit I wanted to see. Rohesia’s face seemed friendly. It was hard for me to imagine that she could be a thief when I looked into her wide blue eyes. 
But I’d been surprised before.
“Did you know that the rate of break-ins in this area has risen?”
“This is a pretty well-off area. I’m surprised,” Rohesia said, her eyebrows lifting.
“You would be surprised. That’s why your vote should go to Madeleine Boteler. She proposes tougher punishment on crime.”
“As a concerned member of society, wouldn’t you like to see thieves and petty criminals behind bars much longer than three months? According to recent surveys, that’s the average time these thieves serve.”
Rohesia blinked, but her face remained still. “I’m sure they will have had sufficient time to reflect on the error of their ways. I think it’s a good thing people are given second chances.” There was no doubting the sincerity in her eyes. I watched as she outlined her argument. She seemed genuine about the importance of integration of criminals into society without black tags hanging over their name. Still, there was nothing that proved she didn’t do it. Just nothing that proved she did, either. 
After we’d finished brainstorming about Rohesia, where we came up with nothing but a jewelry obsession, we looked at the Ballard-Cardons. We’d decided Walter was clean. Avice was a bit trickier. Was it possible that she stole the jewel to prolong her granddad’s life? It was reasonable to assume she didn’t want her granddad to die, and maybe she’d gone to lengths stop that from happening.
“I checked my inbox and we all got two sample lessons from Beatrice Wymer. Want to take a look?” Faye asked.
Terry lurched over to my side of the table. “Where’s the popcorn!”
“Finish your rice.” Faye pressed play and joined us. “This is the theoretical introduction from last year’s course.”
“Looks just as—” he cut off at Faye’s glare. Terry raised his hands. “Alright.”
Beatrice Wymer stood at a podium and a board behind her projected slides. Every time she pointed her Soundimer in its direction, a new diagram came up. “Welcome to Geology 375.” 
The camera took a sweeping shot of the audience and returned to zoom up on Beatrice. She outlined the structure of the course, including how many lectures there were, when the field trips would be taking place, and of course, not forgetting to freak out the students about what tests, essays, and assessments lay ahead. 
“This course begins with geology and ends with geochemistry, leading nicely, for those that have passed well and are interested, into my Geology 376 paper, which shows how the Soundimer is an essential tool of modern science. The goal for this course is to develop an understanding of the essential foundations of geology and geochemistry. Geology is the observation and analysis of solids and this part of the course will include stratigraphy, paleontology . . .”
I would have thought by this point I’d have wanted to fall asleep, but Beatrice had such a way of captivating her audience it was hard to get bored. The next sample lesson was set in a lab, and Beatrice wore a white coat and had her Soundimer looped around her middle finger. 
“Geochemistry is the application of the principles of chemistry. . . .” 
I suddenly felt bad Jack wasn’t here to watch this with us. This was so his thing and he’d have loved giving us mini lectures on what all this meant.
“The important thing to remember in this class is patience. We could dissect and pull apart this complex rock in a matter of seconds, but that would be counter-productive. It’s too much strain on any one Soundimer. Therefore, we do things step-by-step and over a period of a few days. The results of the reattachment of precious and semi-precious jewels are hugely beneficial to science. By reconnecting amethyst components into a different pattern we can produce medicines like painkillers that are used in surgery . . .”
We watched both her sample lessons and discussed Beatrice’s motivations. Some unanswered questions remained: Why was she wearing such an oversized jacket in the stuffy museum room? She ran courses on dissecting the different elements of jewels. She certainly had the knowledge how to use the power the jewel contained. But other than research, what could’ve been her motivation? Or was the research itself enough? 
I told Faye and Terry about the essay title I’d seen, and how there was something about it that bugged me, though I couldn’t place it. 
A Dissection and Comparison of the Properties of Stones and Gems Found on Earth and Dowrl; The United States of America vs. The Cariema Belts. Geo 376. Lecturer Beatrice Wymer. Student ID number: 202876. 

Still nothing clicked.
“I’m beat,” Terry said, leaning his head against the wall.
“Another slice of cake?” I suggested.
“For sure.”
I hacked three large squares from the half-eaten cake and handed them each one. 
With a full mouth, Faye added, “Nutrition smishen. I could live off cake.” Which made Terry and I grin.
Stretching my arms, I linked my hands together and clicked my fingers. “Better. Right, I’m off to my date.”
“That’s tonight already?” Faye asked, shutting her laptop.
“In twenty minutes, actually.” So, yeah, I might have forgotten for a bit, but I remembered. That’s what counts, right?
“Wanna borrow my bike?” Terry said, standing up with me.
“Was just gonna take the bus—”
“Tested her wheels earlier today, she’s a smooth rider.”
“It’s no problem?”
Terry beckoned me toward the stairs. 
“Awesome,” I said. Having Terry as a friend and flatmate was easy. He was generous and together, and when he needed, he could still scare the living daylights out of any sod who crossed him. He really was the best.
He showed me how to start the engine on the bike and gave me not one, but two, motorbike chains. “Seriously, two? These things weigh what? Ten kilos.”
“Five and a half each, so yeah, round ten. But she’s my baby. You understand.”
I dropped the chains into my satchel and maneuvered the bag behind me so I’d be more balanced. 
“Later,” Terry bellowed behind me after he’d helped me change Oxions and practically pushed me and the bike out my floor door. 
As I hopped on the bike, I flashed a wave at him. I was sure I saw Jack standing in his shadow, but when I looked again, he’d gone.
“Time to focus on Chrissy,” I hummed to myself. The hum sounded muffled and strangely pitched in my head, reminding me of what my voice sounded like to everyone else. Deeper than I thought, and also annoyingly familiar like—
Images of my crazy-drunk dream came back to me. On stage with the chandelier, Chrissy, Jack. That voice I couldn’t make out! It’d all been me. All along me.
I frowned, thinking the dream over in absurd clarity, but so what I figured out the voice was me—it didn’t solve whatever mystery I was supposed to solve. 
Jesus, why was I even caring so much?
It was a trippy dream.
That was it.
* * *

Chrissy was sitting in a red and white striped booth at the window, sipping a soda through a straw. Her blonde hair was twisted together and hanging over her left shoulder. She looked hot. I ran a hand through my hair, hoping the wind hadn’t disheveled it too bad, before walking to the table and sliding into the booth opposite her. 
“You showed. I was beginning to think you were a no-show.”
“Hardly the best plan seeing we jam together.” I grinned. “You might want to get even and stand me up on the night of our gig.”
“Piss me off too badly, and that might still happen.” She raised one brow. “So, how was the rest of your b-day?”
Kinda sucky. “Alright.”
“Think about me?” she said with a confidence that impressed me.
“Uh-huh.” 
“What’s up with the rest of your flatmates? Out partying?”
“Nah. Jack’s a pain in the ass, like always, but I guess that’s not news. Terry’s doing some work in his shed. And Faye’s playing online games. Everything’s running smoothly except that I sometimes just want to throttle Jack. He stole my lighter trying to stop me smoking, could you believe. I mean, I guess he was just trying to help, but—” 
 “Want to sip?” Chrissy interrupted, smiling. She shoved her soda over to me and I took her straw and sucked up some of the fizzy liquid. That I was drinking from her straw made my lips tremble. I pushed it back and locked my eyes onto Chrissy, watching as she sucked hard. 
She was hot. So why wasn’t I getting that Coca-Cola fizzing feeling right now?
Maybe I just needed to get closer.
Under the table I slid a leg her way until our ankles rubbed, she raised a brow at that, smiling. 
“So, Jack’s the ass in your flat, huh? Sounds a bit like my brother. Always meddling—thinks his way is always best. Don’t get me wrong, I love him, but sometimes I just want to kill him, you know?”
“Yeah, I get it. It’s exactly the way I feel with Jack, well, minus the good part, but all the rest. Like the other day he . . .” I relayed to her how frustrating he was, and before I knew it, Chrissy’s drink was finished. 
I shut myself up. Crap, there I was babbling about Jack, when I should be asking her questions. Maybe making some sort of move.
“Can I pay for your drink?” I asked.
“Nope, it’s already done.”
“Good.” I grabbed her hand, whisked her off the seat, and dragged her outside. “Let’s go somewhere.” 
We walked in silence until I found an empty and clean park bench. I sat down and pulled her onto my lap. She giggled. I wasn’t really in control of my actions anymore. I clutched onto the sides of her face, bringing her closer. 
“You’re so hot,” I said.
“You too, Drake, but—”
Before she could finish her sentence, I crushed my lips against hers. She was wearing apricot lip gloss, which smelt good, and I licked her bottom lip. 
Still, it wasn’t totally working for me. 
Until I closed my eyes. Then I kissed her harder and she returned the favor. I groaned and tried to deepen the kiss, but she drew away. It took me a few seconds to adjust to the dark park and Chrissy frowning on my lap.
“What did you just say?” she said.
I had no idea what she was on about. I’d said something?
“You called me Jack,” she said, sliding off me and pulling her jacket tightly around her middle.
I did what? “I did not.”
But I couldn’t be sure of anything. The end part had been all just a wonderful blur.
“You definitely said his name. Jeez, I knew it! The way you kept talking about him! You said you hated him, but the whole time your face was glowing, like inside you were smiling or something.”
“No way, I . . . there’s nothing—” I said a little too fast, breaking myself off. A part of me, as hard as I tried to quell it, whispered there might in fact be something going on.
“Right. See you at band practice.” She started walking off the way we’d come.
“Wait, I’m . . . ” Confused.  “I’m sorry. Please don’t say—”
Chrissy stopped in her tracks and came back a few steps. “Drake, I . . . I’m not really upset. I thought I would be more, but I’m not. I liked kissing you, but I guess . . . I had a feeling that kiss was too intense to be all about me. We don’t really know each other that well. I’m okay about it. And the other thing. Lips are sealed.” She smiled and took a step forward. “No hard feelings, ‘kay? I think I prefer just jamming with you.”
With that she turned and left, leaving me going over every second of the kiss again. 
Fuck it to hell and back again.
I’d said Jack.


Chapter 11

I meandered to the concrete pylon where I’d locked up Terry’s bike and pulled out a key from my pocket. In a haze, I unlocked the first chain and started on the second. The lock was stiff and the stupid key wouldn’t fit. After a few more unsuccessful attempts to jam the key in, I started to think less about Chrissy and Jack, and focus more on the chain. 
Damn it. Wrong key. 
I reached into my pockets for the second set, but they were empty.
“You idiot!” I slammed my hand against the pylon, then cradled it as the pain lanced up my arm. 
The key must have fallen out when I’d sat on the park bench. Reluctantly I walked back to the park, with every step the scene with Chrissy replaying in my head. I’d wanted to act on impulse. I’d swept her out of the diner in an effort to stop thinking about him.
I fumbled in my satchel for the packet of cigarettes and lighter. Right on the spot where I had made out with Chrissy, I inhaled the smoke. But looking at the sweet rounded white and warm orange paper between my fingers drew my thoughts back to Jack. Shit.
 Why did he have to care about my bad habits? Why did he have to be such a buzzkill? Why did he have to have a thing for me?
 Why did I care?
I got onto all fours and felt for the lost keys in the dark. They’d fallen at the rear wrought iron foot. As my fingers gripped around them, I heard a couple of girls talking. One of them sounded extremely upset.
“He used me,” an upset girl said. “I feel like I need to shower for a week.”
“Men. They’re so shitty,” her friend tried to console her.
“I don’t want to believe that. I want there to be a special someone out there.”
 “I know, honey, and there is someone for you. Just don’t date an actor. You can never trust an actor.”
I pulled myself to my feet, those last words ticking at my mind. You can never trust an actor. 
I didn’t believe the statement as such, but it had given me something to think about. . . 
This time I jogged back to the bike and, thankfully, had no problem unchaining it from the pylon. I gripped the handlebars, feeling the sting where I’d hit my hand, and cringed. Ouchy. Stupid pylon. I was going to have a bruise in the morning. 
After I got inside and stored the bike in Terry’s garage, I bolted up the stairs to find him and Faye laughing at the table.
“How was your date?” Faye cried.
 “Terrible. Anyway, I was in the park when I overheard these two girls—”
“Terrible? What happened?”
“Long story.”
“Sorry, man,” Terry chimed. Then waggled his brows. “What’s this about two girls?” Faye gave him a shove. 
“Hey!”
 “Hey yourself,” she said. And then added something for the life of me, I never thought I’d hear her say. “Horny devil.”
Judging by the look Terry turned on her, he hadn’t expected it either. 
“Takes one to know one,” Terry guffawed.
“Anyway, these girls—” I started but was immediately cut off.
“I just think you could keep some of your thoughts to yourself. You know, it might help you keep a girlfriend. Just saying.”
Terry pressed his lips together, thinking about it. “Like you’re one to talk.”
“What does that mean?”
“Haven’t seen you have a boyfriend, let along keep one. Between the two of us, I think I could keep one longer than you.”
 “How is that ‘between the two of us’? Drake is sitting right there!” 
 Yeah, uncomfortably, I might add.
“But, you’re on, Terry. You’re on.” She faced me, cheeks still flushed. “What about these girls?”
“Yeah, they were talking about not trusting actors, and it gave me some new ideas for our case,” I said, waiting for another interruption and more bickering. It didn’t come. Terry only looked at Faye out the corner of his eyes, a slight frown cutting his brows. 
“Huh?” Faye said to me.
“Terry, remember when we were at the bar and Avice knew we were acting?”
Faye said, “She does go to Julliard. That’s like a really, really good school for performing arts and stuff. She’s bound to spot a fake.”
Terry nodded.
“Sure. But it would be harder for us, right?” 
“So?” Faye asked, her eyebrows pushed together.
I smiled and looked at them. “Isn’t it a bit too much of a coincidence we see her at the uni theatre?” I said. “And alone? I mean, if her friends were staying in Drupes only for the weekend or whatever, why didn’t they go, too? When she saw us afterward, she was angry, sure, but she didn’t sound surprised.”
I paused a moment to catch my breath. “I don’t know how, but I think she was following us.”
“We came late to the theatre. I don’t think she was following—”
“Unless she snuck into the theatre after us.”
“What are you saying?” Terry asked.
I thought of the two girls in the park. “You can’t always trust an actress.” She didn’t like us snooping. Why? Because she knew where the jewel was?
 “Oh my god,” Faye said. Exactly the response I was expecting. But Faye’s words seemed to be wafting over my shoulder.  “Are you okay?” she added.
I turned to see Jack, his face pale. Before I could process much more, Terry asked, “What happened?”
He dropped a piece of paper on the table. Terry grabbed the paper and as his eyes scanned the page, his hand whitened against the table-top. He glanced up at Faye and me.
“Probably just an empty threat,” Terry said, but the tone of his voice worried me. I snapped up the paper and read.

If you don’t let this case go, death will come.

“Got it in my inbox,” Jack’s voice crackled. He coughed.
Before anyone could stop her, Faye had left the room. It was no surprise where she was going either, and we all followed to her computer lab.
Faye’s cheeks lost the color and her teeth clattered as Terry slipped on the chair next to her and squeezed her hand. 
“We all got one saying the exact same thing,” she eventually said. 
“Can you find out who sent them to us?” I asked.
“Pretty sure whoever sent these would’ve forged the sender. The IP address looks gibberish, random numbers . . .” She hiccupped; it was only then I noticed that tears were streaming down her face. She was freaked. 
 Jack was freaked.
Hell, I was freaked.
“Sends fucking chills down my spine,” Terry said. 
 We all were freaked.
“Wait a sec,” I said, suddenly realizing something. “If we all got the email, then whoever sent these knew all our addresses. And who have we given all our addresses to?”
“Beatrice Wymer,” Terry said, eyes cold.
Faye put a hand over Terry’s. “If Beatrice entered our names into the university email database, anyone who knows our names could have access to them. If they know a thing or two about computers. It may as well be Rohesia, Avice or Walter that found them.”
“Except Rohesia doesn’t know our names. Only Avice and Beatrice. Maybe Walter if Avice has said anything,” I said.
“So, what do we do now?” Faye asked. “Continue with the investigation? I mean, we still need to save our home.”
She was right. We couldn’t afford to stop with the case. But maybe we could afford to have a few less people working on it. 
“I’ll take over the case. You guys can focus on getting jobs and stuff. But I’ll be the only one who should go into Drupes.”
“You think we’d let you do this alone?” Jack glared at me, which was the most eye contact I’d had with him all day. “If we’re careful, we can all keep working. If anything, all of us need to work harder to get this solved finally.”
There was the determined guy that made the rest of us look like lazy buggers. I couldn’t hold back a grin. Jack was just so . . . Jack. 
“What are you thinking, Drake?” Faye asked.
My face warmed up. I spoke quickly, “Uh huh. Yeah, I think he has a point.”
“Agreed,” Terry said, “I don’t like it.”

* * *

I wasn’t the only one who couldn’t get to sleep that night. Terry and Faye were using my library and I could hear a faint murmur of their chatter well into the night. I wasn’t sure about Jack; Faye’s floor lay between ours. No matter how much I strained my ears, I couldn’t tell if he was sleeping or not. Occasionally I thought I heard the faint squeaking of the staircase, but it always disappeared again. 
 I tried closing my eyes, convincing myself relaxing was almost as good as sleeping, but it didn’t fool me the way I needed it to. I tossed and turned, got too hot, too cold. The worst of it, though, was in my head: I couldn’t turn my freaking thoughts off.
The panic of losing part of our home, my nerves for the gig we had on Monday, how weird it would be seeing Chrissy again at band practice tomorrow, the threats we were emailed and above all: the messed up situation with Jack. 
 It must’ve been close to three when I got so fed up, I started counting sheep. I was in the three hundreds when, mercifully, sleep cradled me. 
Too soon, a shrill beeping rudely interrupted said sleep-cradling. I whacked my palm down on the alarm, pressing all the buttons at once to turn the frigging thing off. As soon as I’d managed and snuggled into a fetal position again, I heard the familiar rap-a-tap-tap of Terry knocking at my door. That only meant one thing: it was flat cleaning time. He never forgot about it, not even now.
I groaned and may have cussed a few words in his direction. Sundays came around way too fast.
“Sooner you’re up, the sooner you’re done, man. Shouldn’t take more than an hour and a half.”
An hour and a half!
“You’re on toilets this week.”
I groaned again.
Once I’d gotten up and thrown a pair of shorts on, I stumbled into the hall. I could already hear Terry with the vacuum cleaner humming downstairs. Procrastinating with the chores was a strength of mine. I went upstairs to the kitchen and poured myself a bowl of muesli and chewed lethargically.
 Jack clattered about cleaning the fridge, still doing his best to ignore me. “Disgusting. Who puts a half bowl of unfinished muesli back into the fridge?” he grumbled.
Shoot, I’d forgotten about that.
“Morning,” Faye said, coming into the room. 
She was also a procrastinator. We spent a good half an hour eating our breakfast, yapping.
Finally, I pulled to my feet. “Time to tackle,” I said, “Or Terry will terrorize.” 
Good on Faye for chuckling at my lame alliteration. I ignored the other grunt coming from across the kitchen.
We had two bathrooms between the four of us, one up in our living quarters and the other next to the library on my floor. I moved past Jack and into the first bathroom. 
From the cupboard, I pulled out the basket of cleaning products. There was a slapping sound as I slipped into rubber gloves and pulled them up to my elbow. I lifted the toilet seat and sprayed the lemon scented product until practically the whole toilet was covered in cream-colored spittle. The smell was so intense, I had to open the window. 
Grabbing the toilet brush, I held it out as if I were in a fencing duel. Which I may as well have been—cleaning toilets was always a fight. Without looking too much into the bowl, I scrubbed. I knew if I didn’t, Terry would make me do it again.
Terry was awesome and the best flatmate ever.
I flushed twice. He’d check everything after we were done, of course.
And I mean everything.
There was not one trick we could use to make things quicker. He saw through them all. Jack had once gotten reprimanded for blowing the dust off the window sill. I had once cleaned the shower and forgotten to pull the hair from the plug and had to do it again. 
And Faye was always getting into trouble. In fact, she was the worst of us when it came to the weekly clean.
I jammed the toilet brush back in its spot and scrubbed my hands ten times, staring at T.T Malley’s Oxion House on the shelf that someone had moved in here.
Snatching the book up, I plunked myself at the dining table and opened to the back cover where dates and names filled the pages. 
1905—1909: Jeffrey, Heinrich, Agatha, Gerald.
1909—1912: Tom, Oli, Sarah-Louise, Mark

I fingered down the list to our names we’d added at the beginning of the year.

 2011—: Terry, Drake, Faye, Jack


The pattern was 2-4 years, and the groups never fractured, when they left it seemed they left together before the next set of teenagers moved in. It reminded me that this time together, living this life, in this house was limited. I wondered why they left, whether it had something to do with age. Maybe at eighteen, that was it.
Did it mean I—we—only had another year?
“Whatcha reading?” Faye asked, dunking a tea bag into a cup.
I lifted the book so she could see.
“Does it ever bug you not knowing?” I asked, and Jack, sitting on the couch looked up at the same time Faye did.
“Yes,” she said. “But you’ve been through all the books in your library—if it was a mystery we were meant to solve, there’d be more.”
I felt the grooves of each name handwritten in the back. “I don’t get it. We’re drawn to this house, chosen somehow, by someone or something, lead here. What for?”
“Being detectives?” Faye suggested. “What else?”
I thought about how frightened we were to lose part of this house—how protective we were. How each and every one of us would do anything to keep it together.
Terry came smiling into the room and looked at the rest of us. Jack and Faye were making a cup of tea.
“Pretty good clean, peoples. Only one small thing . . .” He turned to Faye. “You should know what that is. I’ve asked you again and again, and you always forget, so there’s a little something in your room.”
Faye’s face reddened. We all didn’t like authority, but she really hated it. “Even you shouldn’t just go into my room without asking!”
Even you? What was that?
Faye stormed out the room and a minute later we heard her screech. “You put the rubbish in my bed! Ekelhaft! Terry, get your ass down here now!”
Jack and I watched Terry shake his head and leave the room. He looked at me as if uncertain that was allowed. Then he shrugged. “Want some tea?”
I know I’d been the one to initiate the whole ignoring one another thing, but I was glad he was the first to break it. He was so much more mature than me . . . sometimes. “Thanks. That would be top notch.” 
“Let me guess, English Breakfast up your alley?” He smirked, but his fake British was terrible. The he said more somberly, “The Oxion House doesn’t want to be solved, Drake.” 
I sighed. I knew he was right and shut the book. “I can’t help but wonder though.”
“I know. Me neither.”
“Sometimes I think if we understood it better, we could do more. Maybe then this thing with the Berlin City Council wouldn’t be an issue. I just, I just want to protect our home.”
“Me too.”
“Maybe this T.T Malley could be found? Maybe we could ask him questions?”
“Do you think we’d be the first to think of that? Surely the others would have left more clues—or answers if there were any to be had. And the last time you looked up Malley you came up blank—it’s like he doesn’t exist.”
“Or she,” I said. “T.T—could be a she.”
“Beside the point.”
I let out a frustrated sigh. “You’re right.”
He shuffled over to the table, carefully balancing me tea, lip pouting in concentration. When he planted it beside me, I snagged his sleeve. I wanted to say something. Thank him for talking to me. Apologize for trying to ignore him. For what I said in his room. I don’t know, I just—I hated hating him. I hated him hating me. 
Though neither of those should’ve been new things.
He looked at me, waiting for me to speak, but nothing came out. I dropped his sleeve. “Thanks for the tea.”
Pushing my chair back, I left the room, tea in hand. I so needed a cigarette.
But Jack hated me smoking . . .
I threw a palm to my head, suppressing an annoyed cry.
I bumped into Terry and Faye on the stairs. They were laughing about something which made me smile; I loved it how quickly they forgave each other. Why couldn’t that be Jack and I?
“Just checked my eBay account,” Faye said. “And both of us,” she flashed a look to Terry, “sold our stuff.”
“Great. How much did you make?” I asked.
“Thee-hundred and twenty pounds. Which covers the rent we have to pay in Wellington and most in New York.” I was so glad that we squatted in Britain and Germany so it didn’t cost us anything. We were relying on whatever Jack sold to scramble enough coins so we could eat, though.
What was he selling?
“We’ll be fine, man,” Terry said. “With Faye’s help, I’ve already started to design some flyers to advertise my mechanic skills.” He was definitely organized.
“Guess I’d better sort something out, too,” I said.
Faye nodded. “But first you’ve got band practice. I hope everything’s okay with Chrissy and you.”
I shrugged and gave her a lopsided grin. “It’ll be right.”
“Finished the vacuuming early,” Terry added. Why didn’t that surprise me? “So you don’t need to worry about setting up the stage and drums.” 
“No rush, band isn’t for another couple of hours.”
Terry faced Faye. “Race you to the top!” He’d hardly said the first word and Faye was running up the stairs. Terry waited a tick. “It’s just not fair if I don’t give her a head start.”
“I heard that!” came Faye’s yell.
Then, taking the steps two at a time, Terry chased up after her.
The stairs creaked behind me and I spun round to see Jack. He had a bag strapped over his chest. “Terry won.”
“Where are you off to?” I asked. 
“Gonna make us some food money.”
I raised one brow, but he ignored my “how?” expression. “Have a great band practice. Hope you and Chrissy can concentrate.” 
I frowned before realizing he had no idea how the date had turned out. And suddenly, I really needed him to know. “We aren’t together or anything. We prefer jamming together, that’s all.”
Did I detect a slight smile on the edge of his lip? If so, he quickly smoothed it out. “It’s none of my business.”
But I . . . I wanted it to be? 
I shook my body, trying to regain control of my thoughts. Come on, this wasn’t going to happen. 
Jack turned around, making his way to his floor. He was heading to New Zealand? 
 But it was middle of the night there. 
I stuffed on a pair of shoes and followed him. 
It was dark and cool outside, across the street a party filled up three yards. I could smell sour booze wafting over to me, taste its acidic tang in the air. Jack weaved past groups of drunken people and trash, down a few more streets, to a deserted public park with a block of graffiti covered toilets. He stopped near the entrance of the toilets, scanning the bushes around the park. Then a shadow moved around the corner and a muscular guy came into view. He leaned against the building, reaching out a hand to Jack’s chest.
Realization caught me and left me reeling. I felt sick. The muscular guy re-arranged himself and dug a hand in his pocket, pulling out a bunch of notes.
Jack was out to make us some food money. 
“Jack!” I yelled.
He jumped, startled to see me.
“What are you doing following me?”
I slapped Muscly-guy’s hand with money in it away, hard, and hauled Jack by the arm. “You’re coming home.”
“Boyfriend?” Muscly-guy said, and spat. “Or should I . . . ?”
I spun around. “Leave this guy the hell alone.”
“Would’ve over-paid anyway,” the guy muttered and stalked off, kicking a metal trash can.
My hand circled tight on Jack’s wrist and I didn’t let him go until I’d pushed him through the door, up the stairs and into his room.
“What were you thinking?” I screamed into his face, pushing him to the bed. “Are you that much of an idiot?”
Jack opened his mouth to say something, but I stopped him, slapping my palm over his mouth. 
“I don’t want to hear it.”
Then I got the hell out of his room, slamming the door behind me.
Terry raised a brow on the staircase. “Don’t even ask!” I snapped. 
I got to my room, reached for my guitar case, popped it open and started strumming. Angry, painful strokes. 
Dammit, Jack! How could he be so stupid? How could he even think about doing it, let alone doing it? If I hadn’t have stopped him, then what—did he even pause to consider how drastic it was? For such a smart guy, why didn’t he talk to us? Tell us he didn’t have anything he could sell. Did he think so little of us we wouldn’t help him? Wouldn’t pitch in on his behalf? Didn’t he get there were some things more important than rent? Than food! We wouldn’t have starved—together we were cleverer than that, God, what had he been thinking?
Dropping the guitar on the bed, I grabbed the blue-vinyl disc from my shelf and stormed back to Jack’s room.
He was eagle-spread on his bed looking up at the ceiling. He didn’t even raise his head when I shut his door behind me.
“This,” I said, coming in, dropping the record next to his face, “is how we’ll get food money.”
I wanted to ask him why, shout at him some more, but he looked so defeated there on the bed. I thumped a hand into the wall beside across from him, where we’d been with the lighter incident. Turning to him, I waited for him to get up; for him to say something. 
But he just blinked up at the ceiling.
“Whatever,” I said, leaving, just as my floor bell chimed.
Band practice.




Chapter 12

After we’d packed everything away from band practice, Simon, Ben and Chrissy headed upstairs to leave. “Gig’s tomorrow, I’m so shitting-my-pants nervous,” Simon said. 
Ben laughed but when he stopped said in a serious tone, “Yeah, me too.”
“It’ll be great, you’ll see.” Chrissy flashed them a brilliant smile. “As long as Drake doesn’t forget the words.” She turned and gave me a wink. She’d been totally cool about the whole thing date-thing and, thankfully, didn’t feel weird about hugging me hello and goodbye.
I grinned back weakly, but honestly, I’d been off all practice. 
“Wonder if we’ll recognize people in the audience from the stage,” Simon said. “Hope it doesn’t freak me out.”
His words struck a chord. My head snapped up, mind whirling to our case. “What did you say?” 
Ben, Simon and Chrissy eyed me. 
“Just wondering if I’d get stage fright,” Simon said again.
But I didn’t need Simon to repeat it. 
“Swear, if I see that critic guy, I’m gonna faint.”
Ben whacked the back of his head. “You’d better not. We’re lucky Kipley’s coming at all.”
I should’ve been jumping in hurrah at that, instead I ushered my friends quickly out the door. “Till tomorrow.”
Then I was on my way, racing up to Faye’s computer lab. I pounded on the door. “Faye?”
“Yeah-yeah, come in.” 
Faye was hunched over her laptop, on screen a princess-warrior was attacking a troll. 
“Need something?” she said, whacking at the keyboard.
“Yeah. I need Beatrice Wymer’s sample lesson.”
Faye clicked on the mouse a couple of times and her game stopped. She typed some more. “Which one?”
“First one.”
She turned it on. Once the camera zoomed out from Beatrice and swept across the audience, I jumped. “Pause it and get closer?”
Faye whizzed over the keyboard until I saw the picture enlarge.
“Recognize anyone in the audience?” I asked her. 
Faye scanned each row of faces and I watched as her eyes froze on a woman. She pointed to the screen. I’d already seen it, but had wanted confirmation. 
Yup, it was her.
There in the front row.
Rohesia Auber.
 “Knew that essay title bugged me for a reason!” I looked at the words we’d typed up and filed under Beatrice Wymer. 
A Dissection and Comparison of the Properties of Stones and Gems found on Earth and Dowrl; The United States of America vs. The Cariema Belts. Geo 376. Lecturer Beatrice Wymer. Student ID number: 202876.
“Geo 375 and 376 are two of the courses I saw on Rohesia’s university transcript,” I hastily explained to Faye. Well-well, this certainly livened things up a bit.
There was a rap-a-tap-tap on the door.
“Come in, Terry!” Faye called. 
“It’s the both of us, actually,” he said, strolling in with Jack behind him. 
I was still upset with him, but that didn’t stop a jolt of electricity coursing through me when he walked in the room. My stomach felt gooey, a porridge of sensations. I stared resolutely at the computer screen.
“Rohesia attended Beatrice’s courses,” Faye said, getting the others up to speed.
“Which means—?” Terry started.
“She knows how to dissect and reassemble precious stones, too. Like our Red Eye,” Jack finished, stopping next to Faye without once acknowledging me. “I watched the sample lessons last night.” Said for my benefit, I was sure. How did he know that’s what I was wondering?
Had he watched at the same time Terry, Faye and I had? That sucked. The mass of porridge gunk within stirred some more. He shouldn’t have had to watch alone.
“Her motivation?” The question came automatically from my mouth. I was a little surprised that I was talking about the case when my mind was working on figuring out another mystery altogether. I jerked my head away from Jack’s lean figure back to the computer.
Terry swung his legs over a chair, his elbows resting on the back and his chin cupped in his hands. “Wouldn’t they have recognized each other at the museum?”
“Point,” Faye said, opening the video file of the museum. She started the playback of the recording that faced the entrance. 
Grabbing a pen from behind the screen, Faye used it to point out each face. “First Beatrice enters the room.” She fast forwarded to Walter and Avice walking in. Walter was looking straight ahead, in what appeared to be the direction of the jewel, while Avice was staring at and fiddling with her fingers. 
“That was seven minutes later. And . . .” Faye forwarded it some more. “. . . after another three minutes, Rohesia enters the room.”
I watched as she stepped in and scanned the room. 
“Bingo!” I said and had Faye show the entrance again. “Just before she continues onto the left side of the room, she inclines her head.”
“Slightly,” Jack said, sounding brash. Like he wasn’t happy to be there.
“Without a smile,” Faye added. “That the way you’d greet your teacher?”
“She’s in a class of fifty or so,” I said. “She doesn’t expect Beatrice to recognize her.” 
“Plus, it was last year’s course,” Terry said.
I flashed him a smile. 
“Does Beatrice nod back?”
Faye opened another file, showing Beatrice from the side in her large coat, slowly walking around each display. She really did look fat from this perspective.
Nothing like the curvy figure she showed off in her office.
Why?
There came the short snap of Beatrice’s head in recognition. “She looks away quickly.”
I rested my hand on the mouse. “Can I just check something?”
“I’d rather you not fiddle with the computer,” Faye said.
“Seriously?” Jack said. “Come on—we’re sort of in this mess because of you. Stop being so anal about your lab and let Drake use the computer.”
Three heads swiveled to him. My mouth dropped open. Sure Jack could be rude, but that—wow, he sure was pissed.
It almost looked as if steam shot out Faye’s ears. Gritting her teeth, she pushed back from the table, but I saw the hurt and shame in her eyes. “Fine. Go ahead.” 
I froze a second, not sure of my next move. Swinging my head from Faye to Jack to Faye again, I said, “It’s okay—”
“Do it, Drake,” Faye demanded. “The least I can do, right?”
She shoved the mouse into my hand. Swallowing, I moved the cursor on the playback line to the moment where the jewel disappeared. From this angle, Rohesia towered over the guard, David, and the children pressed against the glass wall, casing a collection of stones.
“That possible?” I squinted as if that would clarify the image, which was ridiculous. Then I dropped the mouse, carefully. “Faye, can you zoom up on the glass there?”
“What do you see, Drake?” Terry asked, coming around my other side to get a better look at the screen.
“Not sure, yet.”
“That’s as close as I can get without compromising the quality. The resolution is too low for a clearer magnification.” 
Jack stood apart from us, jaw twitching, looking at the floor. He glanced at me, and quickly away again when our gazes clashed. I re-focused on screen.
Faintly in the glass I could see Beatrice’s reflection and her gaze was focused in Rohesia’s direction.
I let out a forced laugh. “Interesting. Beatrice is looking at Rohesia at the time the jewel disappears, and Rohesia is watching Avice and Walter. Yet one of them was stealing the Red Eye at the same time. My head is spinning.”
Jack grunted. I assume it was in agreement.
“Mine too,” Faye said.
“How do we know only one of them stole it?” Terry said. “Let’s also not forget, whoever the culprit is, they didn’t just steal a jewel, they threatened us.”
I felt, more than saw, Jack shiver next to me. Faye’s blond hair swished as she shuddered. The back of my own hands had goose bumps, too. 
“What if it’s an organized robbery and the whole lot of them are in on it?” Faye said.
“We still fail to see the connection and more importantly, the motivation,” I said. “And remember, it was advertised in the travel section of the Drupes Herald. Both Beatrice and Rohesia may have genuine interest in such rare jewels. That’s what they teach and study.”
Jack twisted his leather watch strap so it lined up properly on his wrist. “Faye?” he said. But Faye turned more of her back to him. “Sorry,” he mumbled, then walked out.
I checked my watch. Crikey. Time to get going already. “There’s a dragon protest rally in Drupes tonight, if you guys are keen?”
Faye shook her head. “Gonna check up on Avice’s social network and keep tabs on her. Then I have an appointment with a troll.” I remembered the game I’d interrupted her in.
“I’ll stay here with you,” Terry said quickly. 
“I’m fine alone, you know,” she said.
Terry said, “I’m stuffed, man, I wouldn’t mind the time to mess around in my garage.” 
I didn’t think there was going to be much mess involved. But okay.
Just Jack and I then, I suppose. I tried to ignore a little thrill like soft fingers run down my spine. Think of those poor dragons. Remember what you saw at the chapel. The pain in their eyes. Their suffering. Thrill quickly twisted itself into a chill, making my legs heavy. 
I found Jack in his room, putting on a grey sweater. I knocked at the open door, nervous to talk to him. “You coming to—”
He nodded.
In five minutes, Jack and I stood in front of my door. I climbed up the ladder Terry had left there, pulled the lever to the right and latched it down. As I did, bolts on the left of the door came out of their hinges and the bolts on the right side slid into the awaiting braces. 
I nodded at Jack, who lifted the flap to the small thin box pulsing on the bottom right door panel. After it had recognized his thumb print, he typed in the six digit area code. I heard the gentle hum of the door and came down from the ladder.
Jack gave me a warning look before flinging the door open and I grabbed the banister. Wind swirled around us, but this time, I couldn’t help but be aware of how different it was. The last time we’d left the house, I’d been so sure of who I was. How much I was into Chrissy. Now I only seemed aware of the way Jack held himself, his proximity to me—which wasn’t close enough.
“Drake?” Jack said, and I blinked, realizing I’d been staring at him the whole time. “We can go now.”
Stupidly, I bobbed my head, not able to think of anything to say, and followed him out the door as if I were under some kind of spell. 
It was only once we were walking through the park and passing the now dragonless chapel that he spoke again. “You were right.”
Any other time, I would have whooped in glee to hear him say that, but right now all I could hear, all I could feel, was the seriousness of his words.
His voice dropped to a husky whisper. “Thanks for stopping me.”
 I couldn’t say anything. Just nodded.
“Can we”—he pointed to a bench in the park—“sit a minute?” He checked his watch. “We have time.”
I sat down at the same time as Jack. We both perched ourselves as far from each other as we could get, staring out onto darkening trees.
It wasn’t too far from where we’d been yesterday. 
“Why’d you do that tonight?” I asked. “Have you . . . done that before?”
“No. It would have been my . . . first.”
I rested my head in my hands. “You deserve better than that,” I finally said.
When I looked at Jack, I saw his eyes were watery, looking straight ahead.
“Where were you before the house, Drake?” he asked quietly.
I shuddered thinking about it. 
“You know why it hurts so much to see these dragons?” he went on. “That was me. When my parents found out about me, they said they deserved a better son. They tried to make me a better son. I wanted to run away, but they forced me to church to confess my sins. Then they hit me, until I swore I would repent.”
I sucked in a breath, but he held his hand out to stop me from saying anything.
“I wasn’t allowed to be me anymore. Finally I ran away. Then the house found me. I know I can be stubborn and opinionated, sometimes I wish I could be sorry for that, but I’m not. I’m finally allowed to be me, Drake.
“And I’m saying all this, telling you, because I want you to know it can be scary being yourself. You need to know that it’s okay—” he stopped, then shook his head. “No, what I really want to say is thank you. I was really angry at myself today. Stopping me tonight—you saved me from giving up a part of myself. You’re right, I do deserve better.” He eyed me. “I will have better.”
Him opening up to me had me swallowing hard. I hadn’t known about Jack’s life, and now that I did, I wanted to apologize. 
Wanted to wrap my arms around him and hold him. 
I shuffled down the bench until we were sitting side by side, the backs of our hands resting lightly against each other.
After a few minutes, Jack stirred and pushed himself off the bench, waiting until I stood too. Then, side-by-side, our sleeves occasionally brushing against each other’s, we walked to the address Professor Quincey had given us.
We were silent the whole way, until just before we arrived, Jack said, “If you . . . if you need to talk or anything. I can listen. I’m not saying I know what you’re going through, but maybe I do?” He said it as a question, sounding unsure of himself. As if it’d taken him a long time to pluck the guts to say it and was suddenly wishing he hadn’t.
I couldn’t acknowledge him—what would I say? And his closeness made it hard not to think about his offer. For the past hour, all I’d wanted was to get closer to him.
Was I confused?  
Hell yeah.
We stood at the bottom of a narrow set of stairs. “I think we have to head up those.”
“A bit of light would’ve been nice.” 
I agreed. It wasn’t totally pitch black, a little bit of moonlight streaked above our heads across the side of the building, but it was dark enough we had to feel for each step before we lifted our weight onto it.
Jack was in front, bracing his hands on the walls either side of us, and I was a couple of steps behind, trying to give him enough room in the cramped space. We were quite far up, almost at the top, when Jack stopped and looked at me over his shoulder. I saw the faint outline of his finger pressed to his mouth.
I came up the steps until I was directly behind him. Gruff whispers trailed around the bend in the steps, and I leaned into Jack so I heard better. 
“You know I can’t give you any support just now. You can’t keep doing this,” a male voice said.
“We must, and we will!” I recognized this voice as Professor Quincey’s.
“Thing will change, but you’ve got to wait a few more days.”
“If we don’t protest, at least one dragon will die this week. I won’t allow that!”
“He’ll die anyway. You know that, I know that . . . What’s the harm in waiting a little longer—?”
“What’s the harm?!” Professor Quincey’s voice rose, barely embracing whisper-like qualities. “Every dragon is worth going to the effort for—to do whatever it takes. Even if it does annoy you types. Especially if it does.”
“I’m on your side.”
“Your means to the end are questionable at best and a little more than self-centered.”
“It’s a win-win situation, and you’d do your best to keep your mouth shut about the details.” The tone of his voice unnerved me and in the pit of my stomach I felt something stir.
“You don’t intimidate me.”
“Keep your mouth shut and you won’t have to worry about that.”
The scraping of footsteps on the steps, heading in our direction, sent a warning chill up my spine. We should not get caught eavesdropping like this, and we couldn’t exactly just walk up there the second they’d finished their little conversation. Within the two seconds it took him to turn the bend, I’d pulled Jack to the side of the wall and whispered into his ear. “Quick, pretend you’re snogging me.”
He understood the plan, and gripped the sides of my face so his fingertips were on my cheeks and the lower half of his face was shielded by his palms. I lifted my arms to either side of Jack’s face so no one would see him, only me pressed up against someone.
Our noses touched and it sent a different sort of shiver through me altogether. The passage was narrow, so I closed my body against Jack’s. Even through our clothes I could feel his heart racing. Mine was racing too, and not because I worried about getting caught snooping.
In fact, I wasn’t sure this wasn’t all an excuse.
Ever since the park, it was all I could think about doing. Get close to him.
Even without our lips touching, we must’ve been convincing, because we were passed without a second glance. Once he’d left, my body remained locked onto Jack’s. He moved up a step, so the moonlight fell across his face. 
His pulled his hands nervously from my hair, his breath tickling my neck. I wanted them back where they were. Without thinking, I brought my lips closer to his. I struggled to regain my self-control, to pull away. 
To remind myself this wasn’t what I wanted.
But then a small moan escaped him and I couldn’t help it.
I tilted his face so his lips brushed mine. They were slightly salty; a deliciousness I’d never experienced before. One small taste and I wanted—needed—more. Looking into his eyes, I gently ran my teeth over his bottom lip. As he trembled he pulled my neck closer and whispered into my ear, “Kiss me.”
I brought my mouth to his, and when our tongues touched it felt like music blasted and threaded its way through every vein in my body. Everything about him was there at once; his warm smell, salty taste, burning touch. I shivered. 
Only when his hands pushed against my chest did my brain know to react. Slowly, I peeled myself off him, breathing hard.
Once we had some distance between us, my head started to clear and a dreadful feeling crept over me. You’re two guys. That really shouldn’t have happened. 
But it was good.
Holy hell, what now?
As if to answer these thoughts, Jack said, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked that.”
He was sorry? I looked into his dark eyes, trying to understand.
“I have been thinking you were right, Drake. Us, this idea I have in my head. That’s exactly what it is. In my head.” 
He paused.
“It can’t happen.”
Three thoughts ran almost parallel in my mind.
The first: Now that I was on the brink of ignoring all sense and giving in to sensibility he accepted my objections? Well, at least the way he made me feel was consistent. Still buzzkill Jack. The second: take it back, take it back, take it back! Take those words back and just kiss me again. The third: Say something dammit! Talk to him. Tell him how you really feel.
Jack bit his lips waiting for me to speak, watching me so carefully; I opened my mouth, but nothing came out but strangled air. A few more seconds went by—and nothing.
Jack gave a sad smile as he nodded, like I’d actually said something. “I hope, maybe . . . Can we be friends?”
I was surprised at how the cliché made my insides twist unnaturally. Trying to keep my voice steady, I smiled and said what he wanted to hear. “You’ve got it. We should just be friends.”
The moonlight framed his face, highlighting his broadening smile; and as it grew my insides twisted more. 
In order to stop the pain, or at least to stop thinking about it, I turned away from him, continuing up the steps. After we’d rounded the corner where we heard Professor Quincey arguing, there was another short flight of steps before an array of light bombarded us. It was as if someone had turned on a switch, because the darkness had abruptly flooded with color.
We walked onto the flat concrete roof, where around thirty people stood holding up placards and protest signs, which all seemed to be written in glow-in-the-dark ink, in reds, greens, blues and yellows. 
But that wasn’t the light that had startled me. All around us, on hundreds of raised roofs, dragons were littered, their skin emitting light as if each had swallowed floodlights. Their wonderful colors and patterns shone and I gasped in awe. 
“Amazing.” Jack pointed upward. I was so overwhelmed I stopped breathing a few seconds. Smoke strips filled the sky, and the intricate white sketches also glowed in the darkness. There were pictures of people and dragons embracing, of dragons flying in the sky, symbols of love and peace beamed like a batman sign. Words like hope, freedom, liberty, love, peace, and trust were everywhere.
The smoke strips filled Drupes’s skyline. Professor Quincey had organized a large scale protest, and it looked like all the dragons in town were taking part.
We’d reached the edge of the crowd when a loud “Hello!” made us turn around. Professor Quincey carried a placard in each hand and wore a huge smile on his face. “I’m always happy when new ones show up,” he said, and handed me a placard with glowing purple words: A right to be free. 
“Thanks,” I said, passing the sign to Jack.
“And also for the both of you . . .” Professor Quincey handed each of us a medallion hanging on a lanyard chain. I slipped it over my neck. “Were you in time to see the illumination? It was at eight sharp.”
“Everything was already lit when we came up.” I looked at my watch, it read 8.02. “Must have only just missed it.”
“Well, never mind. Since this is your first DSAM protest, I bet you have lots of questions. I’ll introduce you to Perold and he can give you a short summary of the dragon strife.” He beckoned us to follow him and we moved through the chattering crowd to a small gate, where a path led us on top of one of the raised roofs. 
We weaved past a row of lantern-like dragons. They could barely move in their heavy chains, only their chests puffed as they breathed in air.
“How do they breathe and keep the smoke-strips up?” Jack whispered to me, but Professor Quincey overheard.
“They take in air through their noses. The smoke-strips come from the mouth, which is connected to the right dragon lung, where the smoke from their tails comes through. The left lung is for breathing.”
Jack’s brows lifted in surprise. “Wow. Would it be okay to take a sample of smoke? I’m interested in its chemical make-up. It’s pollution free, right?”
“All the dragons are required by law to be on a diet of special industrial dragon food that creates fewer emissions in their smoke. And as for a sample, you’d have to get permission from the dragon. But I suspect if you ask nicely, Perold wouldn’t mind.”
 Professor Quincey made a leap and turned round. I looked down and saw a plunging blackness a few steps away. “Take the jump with a run-up if you like,” he said.
Jack had frozen next to me. His next words were not in his usual assured tone, but rather shaky, “You want us to jump between buildings?”
Professor Quincey laughed. “It’s a short jump. Just don’t look down. Focus on reaching this ridge here.” He pointed to the sloped tiles under his feet.
I heard Jack gulp and didn’t blame him. In fact, I was right alongside him. The idea alone of having to leap at such heights made me dizzy. I nudged his elbow. “Do it together?”
He grabbed my hand and gripped. So tightly, I was beginning to regret the offer. After a hushed countdown from three we ran and jumped. The ground fell away under us, wind whistling past us and for a second I felt utter terror we might not make it, that’d the darkness below us would somehow suck us in.
But then I focused on the pain in my hand from Jack’s fingernails cutting into me—and for a moment, a split second, I was soaring, gracefully cutting into the air to land neatly on the other side.
Jack and I shared a relieved glance, before he loosened his fingers and walked ahead.
“See, no problem,” Professor Quincey said. He angled himself lower to the steep roof as he walked up.
I was puffed by the time I reached the time we got to the top, but I didn’t concentrate on the wheezing up my throat, only the weight I could still feel on my hand, the small moon cuts into my skin. I caught the Professor looking at me. “Jeez, that’s a jungle gym.”
He grinned. “I’d like you to meet Perold.” He held his hand out in the direction of a tall, well-built dragon with red spirals that looked like tattoos all over his deep bluey-black body.
I jumped. “But he’s not in chains!” Not only wasn’t he tied down, but his head was held in an upright position so that he stared me in the eye.
“Perold is one of the very few free dragons in Drupes. I rescued him a couple of years back, and ever since he’s come to all of my protests.” 
He patted the shoulder above Perold’s wing stubs, which I couldn’t help but stare at. Professor Quincey caught my gaze. “All dragons have their wings pruned. To stop them escaping.” He shuddered and Perold threw his head up and a sort of snort left his nostril. “And of course their voice boxes are removed.”
“That’s disgusting,” Jack said, his voice cold and his stare hard. He moved closer to Perold and reached out a hand. “May I?” He didn’t seem to be asking Professor Quincey for permission, but rather the dragon himself. 
Perold looked at him and his black pupils widened, and I was sure I saw a glint of happiness pass through them as he looked at Jack. He bowed his head and Jack gently touched his snout.
“Kinda feels like a turtle,” he said with a grin. “But you look much, er, handsomer,” he quickly added.
Professor Quincey chuckled, and then his face turned serious. “There is a dragon execution scheduled for next Tuesday at 8.30. We are going to be there protesting it, would you be interested in coming?”
“We’ll be there,” Jack took the words from my mouth. “Why is the dragon being executed?”
“Blew an offensive smoke strip at a wedding, causing grief to the newlywed couple and their families.”
Jack looked in my direction. “They are going to kill him for that?”
I knew we were both thinking the same thing. Of the same dragon. The chapel.
“Yes, it’s unfair. We’ll do our best to stop it from happening.”  Professor Quincey’s pocket started beeping. “Just a sec,” he said to us, taking out his Soundimer. “News crews and the police are here. That means it’s almost time for the—”
A woman’s voice cut through the air. “Thomas? Thomas, are you with Perold? It’s about time for your speech.”
“Coming, Rose!” he called out, then said to us, “My sister is anal about punctuality.”
“Heard that!” Rose said, coming around the corner of a meaty turquoise and purple dragon.
I sucked in air and forced myself not to gape. Jack’s eyes had widened and his mouth partially hung open. I elbowed him and gave him my just-pretend-you-don’t-notice-anything look. Then I extended my right arm in Rohesia Auber’s direction.
“Your name’s Rose?” I said, firmly gripping her hand.
She lifted her head to see me better. “Short for Rohesia.” Then she held out her hand toward Jack, who blinked, and only when I raised my elbow, quickly shook her hand.
“Professor Quincey led us here to meet Perold. We’re first timers,” I said.
Rohesia’s big blue eyes stared at me and Jack. She flashed a big smile. “We always like support for the dragon slavery abolition movement. That’s the most important thing we can get. It’s nice to meet you.” She faced Professor Quincey. “You ready for your speech? I just want to warn you, there are a bunch of pro-slavery activists crowding in the street below.”
Professor Quincey nodded and Rose disappeared down the side of the roof. 
“She’s right. Support is essential to our cause. We are really lucky that so many professors from the university regularly take part. You’ll have a good view of everything from here. The clearer you ask your questions the easier you’ll understand the answers.” Then Professor Quincey also left.
With a look, Jack told me that he didn’t see that coming. 
“Just as well we weren’t the ones at her door,” I whispered. “And good thing Terry and Faye didn’t show.”
He hummed in agreement.
“So,” Jack said, patting Perold, “Is it okay if I take a sample of smoke?”
As soon as Perold moved his head up and down, Jack whipped open his bag and took out a thin round container and unscrewed the lid. Perold puffed into it and I could see smoky wisps flickering through the glass.
“Your turn,” Jack said to me.
My head was still churning from seeing Rohesia, so I was a little disorientated and asked Perold the first thing that popped into my head, “Where were you born?”
Perold raised his head and blew out smoke, which transformed itself into a sketch. It looked like an outdoor hospital ward with mother dragons nursing their eggs. The image changed and I saw people taking the newborn babies away from the mothers. Chains locked the mums to their positions as they tried to reach out for their babies.
 Something splashed on my shoe and I saw Perold was crying.
“I’m sorry,” Jack said. “This protest is here to change that.” 
He reached out and patted the dragon’s chest.
I tensed, awaiting Perold’s reaction, but all he did was rest his snout on Jack’s shoulder. 
A fizzy feeling tingled through my veins, and a flashback to our moment on the steps made me want to grab him and kiss him all over again. Right now I didn’t care he was a guy. Didn’t care about how confused I was.
Because I wasn’t. At that moment, I was very clear about what I wanted—
Professor Quincey’s voice made me turn around. I shuffled to the left to see past the dragon in front and onto the flat roof below. Professor Quincey stood with a megaphone in front of a crowd of protestors. Cameras were flashing on the street and a group of policemen lined up in a two-by-six formation.
“Our constitution states that every being has a right to be free. So why do we blatantly ignore it? In Drupes, one of our most important civil values is to be in harmony with nature. But while we tend our orchards and keep our streets immaculate, we fail to tend to our own constitution. With chains we disregard this fundamental principle.”
Cheers and chanting came from the crowd below us.
“I ask you, why is a peach worth more than a dragon?”
A loud gasping and roaring came from people both on the roof and on the streets. Perold tilted his head and pointed to the sky. I looked up and noticed all the smoke strips had vanished replaced with giant words scrawled across the sky. 
Am I not a being, can’t I be your friend?
The whole street erupted into noise and it sounded like a carnival was taking place, only not everyone seemed to be crying out joyously. In fact, the happy cries and the outraged cries seemed evenly divided. 
Professor Quincey put the megaphone to his lips and silenced at least one half of the crowd. 
“We understand people have concerns about the dragon slavery abolition movement. They fear without the heat and energy dragons emit we won’t be able to keep our families warm, especially during the hard winter months.” He paused until the other half of the crowd had quieted. “But there are alternatives. Wind power, solar power, water power; electricity doesn’t have to come from farms of dragon slaves connected to energy extraction machines.”
One loud shout coming from the street interrupted him, “It’s idealistic, we can’t switch our entire energy source just like that. And who’s gonna pay for it?”
“Yes, sir, quite right. It will be expensive, and we can’t change everything at once.” I thought I’d hear a pin drop in the silence that pursued. Professor Quincey’s next words rung clearly through the night, “But it is an integral part of society for people to contribute. If we accept dragons as beings, improved their living conditions, and paid them for their work, the transition would run much more smoothly.”
Half the crowds shouted in agreement and the other half cursed upward. I heard the slapping of running footsteps. A group of ten people wearing red and black masks over their faces charged at the DSAM protestors on the flat rooftop. I watched in horror as they used their Soundimers to unbuckle their belts and started whipping the crowd with them. 
I pulled Jack behind the large dragon. I didn’t want either of us to have to see this, and I certainly didn’t want any of them coming up here. Peeking down at the street, I was infuriated at how the police still stood in formation, watching and doing nothing. I know it would have been two-faced, but I wanted them to experience the pain, too. So they knew what they were allowing and they could feel ashamed of themselves. 
I swung around at the sound of approaching footsteps. In the distance I saw a red and black mask and for a complete second I froze. Then, I found myself acting with incredible control. 
“How can we get down from here?” I asked Perold.
He quickly sketched us a map, keeping his smoke-strip small and for our eyes only. I nodded. 
“Can you get yourself somewhere safe, too?” Jack asked.
Despite the danger, a pleasant chill ran through me at his concern. Perold inclined his head, and I clutched Jack’s arm and we whizzed around the top of the roof on the other side, where we found a small path leading down to a ladder over the side of the building.
Once we reached the street, I took off my medallion and motioned Jack to do the same. “Let’s not wind up any of those scary-masked guys.”
“Agreed.”
Professor Quincey’s voice filled the air. “The brutality cannot go on . . . We wish for a peaceful protest . . .” 
There was some heavy grunting before the words in the sky vanished and there was only darkness and the sound of screaming.







Chapter 13

“We’ve got something to tell you,” Faye said, as soon as we’d entered the lounge. She was sitting backwards on her chair at the table, and Terry was on the floor doing stomach crunches, legs wrapped under Faye’s chair. Each time he came up he slapped her a high five. “But first, how was your evening?”
Jack and I shared a look. I wasn’t sure what he was thinking, but seeing Terry had me thinking I really needed to sport-up some.
We slipped onto the bench and I snagged a piece of paper from the table and a pen.
“So?” Faye asked, still not looking toward Jack. 
We told them about the evening, about the discovery we made about Rohesia Auber being Professor Quincey’s sister.
 “Are you okay?” Faye said, finally glancing at us both.
“Yeah, we got out of sight pretty quickly.”
Jack added quietly, “But we could still hear them. . . . ” 
No one said anything for a moment. Only my pen scratching over paper could be heard as I doodled Perold and the night sky. 
Am I not a being, can’t I be your friend?
“I’m sorry about before, Faye,” Jack said. “I mean, I do still think Jack should have been able to use the computer, but it was wrong of me to make this”—he threw his hands up, gesturing our home—“out to be your fault. It’s not.”
Terry grunted.
Filing a fingernail on the table, Faye gave a slow nod. “Yeah, I’m sorry too.” Finally she looked up, fingers stilled. “Forgotten,” she said, then smiled as she pushed off her chair. It toppled onto Terry, who caught it.
“Warning would be nice, love.”
She ignored him, but I could see her grin. “Want some tea?” She put on the kettle and flung herself over the old sofa in the corner of the room.
“You know,” she said, propping a cushion behind her head. “It explains why Rohesia’s house had no dragon fireplace.”
“Yep,” I said, putting my pen down. I’d forgotten about that. Hard to remember much about Rohesia’s house except how messy it was. Made me even look like a clean freak. 
Jack turned to Faye. “Didn’t you have some news to tell us?” 
He picked up my pen, stealing my doodle, and began absently tracing the dragon’s plea again and again. 
The kettle whistled in the background.
“I was listening in on Avice,” she said, turning to look at the spluttering kettle and dragging herself up. “She’s engaged. Engaged! It happened tonight about a half hour after you left.” She unplugged the kettle and flung open the cupboards, pulling out mugs. “It was quite romantic.” She sighed, pausing a moment with a smile before pouring hot water into the mugs.
Terry slipped next to her, pulling two boxes of tea out the cupboard. “You’ll have that someday too,” he said—sincerely, I thought. 
Then he grinned. “If you can keep a guy long enough.”
She slapped his arm. 
“Once we figure this mystery out, Terry dear”—she batted her eyelashes—“You’ll see. I’ll show you.”
He leaned down to her ear and whispered loud enough for all of us to hear. “I said it already, you’re on.”
Jack stopped tracing and I could feel his eyes on me, but when I turned he was focusing on the doodle. “Isn’t she a bit young?” he said suddenly, “I mean, she’s only eighteen.”
A year older than we were. 
Yeah, weird thought. How many people found the one they wanted to be with the rest of their lives so young? I slipped a side-ways glance at Jack and grabbed another piece of paper, doodling with fast, rough strokes, almost splitting the page.
“Age doesn’t matter when you’re in love,” Faye said. “Earl Grey? Or English Breakfast?”
“Breakfast,” Jack and I said at the same time. We looked at each other a split-second, and Jack continued scribbling.
“But that’s not all the news,” Terry said, taking one of the teas and lounging back on the sofa. 
Faye handed us our mugs. “No, that’s not all.” Her voice was serious. 
“Avice is pregnant?”
Faye scowled. “You think that’s the only reason she’d get married?”
“Well, I dunno. Just a thought.”
“No,” she said. “After the proposal, about an hour ago actually, she was talking to Walter. Apparently he’s visiting her in New York.” Faye opened up the small laptop lying on the table. “It’s difficult to catch everything, so you’re gonna have to listen up.”
 Faye tapped a button and at first I heard a soft scratching as if someone was sketching over coarse paper, and then Avice’s voice came, distant.
‘Those detectives know ... than they... on.’
‘And you think ... impediment?’ Walter said.
‘Well... be. Can’t... happen.’
‘... worry. I’ll get ... off....’ And then, clear and curt, ‘Leave it to me.’

I started chugging my tea as if it were juice. Its warmth soothed my throat, quelling the chills the recording had brought. 
“So, Walter, eh? You think he was the one to threaten us?” 
“Well,” Jack said, “Think we can assume they have something to hide.”
“Like Red Eye,” Terry said, jaw tight. “I knew it!”
Faye nodded. “But I’m curious why Walter set up a will if he stole the jewel to give him his health back. What about his argument with Avice in the museum?” Faye’s fingers tapped against the keyboard. She spun the screen around in my direction as if I’d be able to answer her question, raising her brow hopefully. 

Avice: How much longer?
Walter: Not long. You’ll see. Don’t worry.
Avice: (nod) Don’t you think mum should know? So she’d understand? If she found out any other way...
Walter: If she finds out... Don’t explain it, she wouldn’t understand. But if you have to tell her, tell her after.
(Moment jewel disappears) Avice: After! She’ll be enraged! 
Walter: It’s almost all done!

My empty mug made a clacking sound as I put it down. “Either it really is about them stealing the jewel, like we first thought—and tonight’s additional info would lean in that direction—or it’s about him dying and not having told Josina. Honestly, I haven’t got a clue.”
I got up and made myself another tea while Faye and Jack discussed the different possibilities with an occasional interception from Terry.
Across the room Jack’s eyes briefly met mine, and he quickly averted them. 
And, despite the rush of leaving the protest and sharing information about Rohesia, Avice and Walter, I found myself back in the stairway, remembering the kiss .
My cheeks tingled. 
Was he thinking the same thing?
I watched him as he stumbled over a couple of books on his way to the kitchen. He dropped the mug on the side of the sink, eyes dancing with the reflection of the living room lights, murmuring softly that only I would hear him, “Stop looking at me like that. Unless you want them to know.”
I looked down at my tea. Had I been staring so plainly? I glanced at Faye and Terry, who were now bickering on the couch. They didn’t appear to be curious. Whew. 
I spoke up so they all heard me, “I’m gonna go jam a bit. Gotta practice, tomorrow’s the big night!”
Jack followed me to the door. “Here’s a name for your guitar,” he said smoothly, “Marmalade: jam with a twist.”
When I heard it, something within me clicked. That was the name. The name I’d been waiting to find for my orange guitar. 
* * *
Okay, I knew I was nervous about the gig. But did I really have to dream about it again? 
In front of me, the crowd swarmed toward the stage. The buzzing was so loud I could hardly hear the beat Chrissy was tapping out behind me. Trying to ignore everything, I focused on Marmalade, on the strings cutting into my fingers and strummed; but the sound of a badly played violin screeched through the air. “What the fuck?” I yelled to Chrissy, not daring to look out at the now booing crowds. A tomato flew toward me and I jerked back in time for it to fly past.
“Seriously, a tomato? Who the hell brings tomatoes to a concert?”
“Just shuddup,” Simon said, “and get the microphone to stop buzzing.”
I fiddled with the mic, but the buzzing grew louder, and it no longer sounded like it came from the mic. I turned to ask Chrissy, but something was caught around my legs. I yanked hard, and I woke up. 
Sheets twisted like cuffs around me. I heard the vibrating of my cell phone from my desk, telling me it was out of battery.
I got out of bed and stuffed it into the charger. Ben had sent me a message. 
Gig 2nite. Think I need 2 start puking already. C u @ 9.
Like he had to remind me we had a gig on tonight.
Chucking on a tee-shirt, I went into the bathroom and brushed my teeth. Insistent knocking interrupted me. 
Jack. 
“Hurry up.”
“Use the upstairs loo,” I said with a mouth full of foam.
“Faye’s in the shower.”
“What? Faye’s up?”
“I know it’s weird. Hurry up!”
“You know the less you tell me to hurry up, the quicker I’d be.”
He muttered something, but after that waited quietly until I came out. He darted past me and into the bathroom without so much as a glance. 
Jeez, he was a pleasure in the morning.
I heard a door slam and raced up to Jack’s floor to see Terry carrying his bike inside. “Just went for a ride to the supermarket. We were out of milk.”
“Hope you bought the low fat stuff.” Milk in New Zealand was awfully creamy.
He grinned. “Sorry, Drake.”
“Yeah. Yeah. I’m fussy enough with the organic stuff. It’s fine.”
Faye trundled down the stairs, wrapped in a towel, hair an absolute wet nest.
“It’s nine,” Terry said looking at Faye incredulously. Then added with a grin, “Morning suits you. You look radiant.” 
“If I had anything besides just this towel, I’d throw it at you,” she said.
His grin widened. “Why the early hour?”
“Got mail last night from a friend of mine who needs a bit of help with his PC. We’re meeting at nine.”
“His PC?” Terry said, his knuckles white on the bike handles. “Who is this guy?” 
“Just someone I met a few weeks ago.”
“Met where?”
“Online. But he lives in London.”
“No.”
“What do you mean, no?”
“You’re not going.”
Her face flushed, but not the happy kind. “I am, too. You can’t stop me.”
“He could be a psychopath. I’m not letting you met someone who you’ve only met online. No way.”
I had the feeling he wouldn’t have wanted her to go if she’d met him before in person, either.
“It’s a job,” Faye shouted at him. “Money. That’s food for us to eat. Get over it, Terry.”
“All the hot water’s out,” Jack said, coming up the stairs. 
Terry handed him some letters. “I emptied your box. Looks like we’ve got some bills to pay.” Then he turned back to Faye. “No.”
“Okay, fine, it’s more than the money,” Faye said, calming down. “Look, I like him, okay? We’ve been chatting most days over Skype—trust me, he’s who he says he is.” 
I watched Terry pale and took his bike from him. Faye looked away from him and Terry slowly inclined his head. Then he snatched the bike back from me and banged his way down to his floor.
Jack had pressed up next to me to let Terry pass. “Whoa,” he said, under his breath.
Faye was staring down the stairs where Terry had left, her bottom lip wobbling slightly. She bit it, and hurried away. 
“Crap,” Jack said next to me and I thought he was talking about Faye and Terry, until I saw the opened letter in his hand.
“Electricity: $140 NZ.” He stuffed the opened bill into my hands and opened the next one. “Nice” –laced with sarcasm—“$40.” He rubbed his head and looked at me. “We’re not going to have enough to pay this and eat.”
“We will,’ I said. “Sell the record.”
“I can’t, Drake,” Jack said. “I know it’s your favorite. I just . . . I don’t want to do that.”
“It’s better than the other options you’ve come up with.” 
It was low of me to bring it up again and I regretted it immediately. But I didn’t ever want him doing anything like that again. 
Didn’t want him to even think about it.“I want to contribute, and the album will sell well.”
“It was your birthday—”
I stopped him. “And thanks for the thought, but this,” I pointed to him and around us, “is more important.”
 “That’s . . . considerate,” Jack said, flustered.
“Come on,” I said, motioning toward the stairs. “Let’s get a cuppa tea.”
In the kitchen, I flicked on the kettle and, as I’d been neglecting my duty, had to wash up two cups. I put English Breakfast teabags in both cups. Jack poured himself a bowl of muesli and munched at the kitchen bench. 
“So,” he said between mouthfuls, “big gig tonight. Nervous?”
I wanted to say ‘nah, it’s gonna be great’ but instead I shocked myself by saying, “Actually, yeah.” Since him opening up the night before, I’d felt both shy around him and confident. 
Now was a confident streak, apparently.
“I keep having these weird dreams where I start singing opera or Marmalade is a violin. I mean, I’m really excited about it, but . . . I’d hate to embarrass myself.” I dunked the teabag a couple of times before removing it. 
Looking at Jack, I unscrewed the milk lid. His eyes were wide and soft, and his lips formed a slight smile. A boyish smile. “Marmalade?” He said so quietly I wouldn’t have heard if I hadn’t taken a step toward him to pass the tea.
“Yeah,” I said, pushing the cup into his free hand. I took a sip of my own and let the liquid roll around my tongue a moment before swallowing. It had a bitter aftertaste. 
Jack blew on his cup, took a sip, then stood, moving over to the sink. I watched as he filled the sink with warm soapy water.
“I’m still on dishes,” I said.
“Think of it as a b-day pressie, since you’re selling your last one.” I smiled. “We’ll resume our old wash routine after that.”
“Thanks.” 
“You’ll do fine,” Jack said, making my insides squeeze. I didn’t know how to respond. 
I couldn’t wrap him in my arms like my body screamed at me to do, and none of the words floating through my mind seemed appropriate. So I continued sipping my tea.
It was strange how much I wanted to know what he was thinking. And it was frustrating that I couldn’t help but hope it was about me. About our kiss. Ever since our lips had touched, I’d felt a pull in his direction and I wondered if he felt it too—or was it enough for him after that moment? Was it straight after, when he told me we shouldn’t do it again that he realized it wasn’t what he wanted? That he didn’t really like me? Not that way? 
These questions hurt my insides. 
But also other ones too. Because I didn’t know what I really wanted, either. Or . . . I didn’t know what it meant that I felt this way. The implications. Should it even matter? Maybe it wasn’t even such a big deal? 
It’d never bothered me before.
But that was before it was happening to me. 
God, wasn’t it simple? Why the hell couldn’t I just admit it, move on . . . Yeah, I liked Jack. I’d liked him since I’d first seen him.
I’d just been bloody brilliant at denying it.
“Ugh!” I growled aloud. My head was killing me with all this thinking—rationalizing.
“What’s up?”
Everything. “Nothing,” I snapped and added my cup to the pile of dirty dishes. 
Just before I left the room, Jack said, “Drake?”
I wanted to ignore it; pretend I hadn’t heard him and leave the room. But I couldn’t, when he said my name my anger melted and stupid warm bliss pumped through me.
“I really am sorry last night happened. I wished it hadn’t.”
His first sentence was sore enough to swallow, but he wished it hadn’t happened? Ouch. 
My throat tightened. “Me too.  It was a mistake. No biggie.” 
No biggie? Why couldn’t I fucking say the truth? How much of a chicken-shit answer was that? I pried my mouth open, urging something real to come out, to take away the lie I wasn’t fooling myself with anymore, but there was nothing and I was screaming at myself inside.
Jack smiled, turning back toward the dishes. With every step down the stairs, the pain of the lie—of not being honest—ricocheted.
Think of the gig. Think of the mystery. Think of anything else.
Music. Jamming. Marmalade. Jack. 
What were Avice and Walter hiding? Beatrice Wymer has the ability to dissect the jewel, but why would she? Rohesia Auber is Professor Quincey’s sister. Dragons. Perold. Jack. 
Shit.
Threat on house. No money. Bills to pay. Selling stuff. Jack. 
Why did everything have to connect back to him?
“You alright, man?” 
Terry’s voice thankfully severed my thoughts. I was so preoccupied I’d completely missed my floor and walked all the way to Terry’s. 
He was hunched up against the wall in his hall, a shaft of light hit his face and neck, his tattoo brightening. I sat next to him.
“Just a bunch of walking nerves,” I said. 
“You don’t need to worry. You’ll rock.” 
But there was no enthusiasm in his words. He stared at the opposite hall, at a picture of the four of us we’d taken after our last mystery with the camera Terry had tweaked.
“You and Faye are close, right?”
Terry rested his head back. “Right.”
“You don’t talk about her much . . . with me.’
He shrugged and said sincerely, “Guess not. But, Faye, I think she’s my best friend.” 
Terry sighed, shuffled his feet closer to him, wrapping his arms around his knees. His mouth opened to say something more, but he hesitated and shut it. A darkness lurked in the shadows under Terry’s eyes and I couldn’t place it. Worry? Anger? He picked at his jeans and started fidgeting, indecisive. 
“What’s up, Terry?” I asked. “Spill.”
He looked at me. “It’s something Faye told me the night of your party. She was only tipsy at first, but later, after you’d left, my friend Chen tried to flirt with her and she just started crying. I mean, she was bawling her eyes out, man.”
“I don’t get it,” I said. “Was he pushy or something? What did he do?” A sudden anger and protectiveness made me straighten up and clench my jaw.
“Nothing, Drake. He only gave her a couple of compliments.” Terry’s throat rose and fell as he swallowed hard. “I took her outside for some fresh air, and when we walked around the block, she told me.”
“Told you what?”
His eyes narrowed as if severely pissed off at something. “Her story. She wants us to know, but hasn’t known how to tell us. It was why she was so scared someone was coming to get her right after she arrived. Why she doesn’t like to speak German.” Terry’s jaw clenched and he took a deep breath before continuing. “Her parents are—” Terry shuddered. “—rightwing extremists. Neo Nazis.”
A cold chill ran through me. Of course I knew something wasn’t right with her parents, but it still shocked me to hear that. Especially when Faye was such a loving, caring girl. I flipped through the memories I had of her since living in the house. I’d had plenty of friends of all nationalities around, and she’d been kind to all of them. Like she was to everyone. 
“The family,” Terry continued, “lived in an area of Berlin with a lot of Vietnamese immigrants and her parents hated that. They didn’t think it was right that Faye grew up in such a ‘degenerative multicultural society’. So they kept a real tight leash on her. She had to come home straight from school and was never allowed to make friends, unless they were children from other Neo Nazis.”
The word made me sick. I couldn’t imagine Faye living with people like that. 
“I get why she ran,” I said. 
Why she was frightened to open the door and see a pair of racists there.
Terry grunted. “As if that wasn’t reason enough to leave.” He closed his eyes, trying to keep control over his temper. I was afraid of what he was going to say next. “At school she met a Vietnamese boy and she liked him. In the school holidays she dared to secretly meet up with him. Someone saw them together and told her parents.” Terry’s fist was pumping at his sides. “They beat her, Drake.”
I put my arm around him and drew him into a hug. “Shit.” 
So Chen’s compliments had taken her right back to that date.
“It’s not all.” Terry’s voice was shaking. “They locked her in the closet, she was only allowed out to use the toilet. For two weeks. Two fucking weeks.” Terry’s chest started heaving but instead of letting me comfort him, he moved out of my grip, turning his head away. His back shuddered. 
When he spoke again, his voice was low, lethal. “If I ever see them…”
“It’s good she ran away,” I said, knowing it was my turn to speak but not sure what to say. “Faye deserves better. We’re a better family for her. She’s safe here with us now.”
Terry met my gaze and nodded, his eyes rimmed red. “I don’t want her going out meeting boys she hasn’t met before. I don’t care how much she’s chatted with him online. I can’t . . . what if it goes wrong and I’m not there? After Chen . . .”
His brow furrowed. “I want to meet him first. Give him the okay.” He got to his feet and started toward the stairs.
I wondered if he’d ever give anyone the okay. 
“Faye,” he called running up the stairs.
In the distance, as I slowly climbed up after, I heard a “What now?” 
Then a pause and a, “I’ll never win the bet if you come. You’ll frighten him off!”
A little later, I heard her laugh. “No.”
I rounded the corner, bumping into Faye in my hall. 
“Oops, sorry.”
“No harm, no foul,” I said. 
“I’m outta here. If I don’t see you before the gig, good luck! I’ll be watching.” She turned to Terry who had followed her down the stairs, arms crossed. “Fine, you can pick me up, okay?”
He relaxed. “You got it, gorgeous.” 


* * *
After a few rounds on Marmalade, I trudged upstairs, itching for another cup of tea.
“What you doing?’ I asked to Jack, sitting with Faye’s laptop at the table.
He raised his hands. “She let me use it, I promise. Said I—well, we actually—should listen to Jerry’s proposal to Avice.”
“Think she wants to turn us all into romantics?” I said as Terry came into the room behind me.
“Already a romantic.” He leaned back, smirking. “So maybe only you should listen?”
“Haw-haw.” I sat in the chair next to him. The tea could wait. Terry grabbed something from the cupboard, coming back with peanut butter and three spoons. “Turn it up.”
In the background, I recognized the melody of the waltz “The Blue Danube”. 
“Dance with me?” Jerry said. I assume Avice nodded and started to dance because after a while he added, “You move so gracefully.”
“Only because you lead so well. With anyone else, I’d be a klutz.”
“I like dancing with you to our favorite songs.”
“Want to keep dancing with you like this forever,” Avice said. 
“Good. Because . . . I want to be the only name on your dance card.”A moment of silence, and then, “Avice Ballard-Cardon, will you marry me?”
“Yes,” she cried. “Yes.”
I choked on a laugh, curbing it as Jack frowned. “Is that type of thing romantic?” 
“I think it’s sweet,” Terry said, his mouth smacking with peanut butter. 
I grabbed a spoon and dug into the jar and licked the sticky peanutty goodness.
Jack laughed when I offered him the last spoon. “No thanks. Gross. And it’s all over your fingers.” He swatted my hands away. I threw my sticky hands toward him, until I’d smeared some on his cheek, light with stubble. 
“Right,” he cried, “That’s it. Terry, the peanut butter.”
Terry slid the jar to Jack and I watched him dip his fingers into the jar. I jumped out of my chair and made an unsuccessful run for it.

* * *

Terry, Faye and Jack were, of course, the first to arrive at our gig. And they were an hour and a half early. I helped Chrissy set up the stands for her cymbals and snare. 
“They’re such dorks,” she said, with a huge grin at my flatmates. “But they’re the best. It’s good to know at least someone’s here.” 
“Ah ha!” I said. “You’re just as anxious as the rest of us. And here I was beginning to think you had nerves of steel.”
“Facade,” she mouthed. “Anyway, I heard nerves make you play better. So it’s really for the best that I’m”—she raised her fingers and air-quoted—“‘as anxious as’ you.”
“You just mocked me using air quotes. Chrissy, you’re totally lame.” I chuckled and, feeling a warm tingly sensation on the back of my neck, turned to see Jack quickly looking away. 
What was he thinking?
I wanted to hope, but then his words slammed back into me: I really am sorry last night happened. I wished it hadn’t.
“Hey Chrissy,” I said, louder than necessary. Let him think it didn’t matter. Didn’t bother me. “That a new T-shirt? It really rocks on you.”
This time I caught Jack’s glare in our direction. It was a cheeky move, but it made me feel great to see him squirm at my innocent chatter with Chrissy. 
“Thanks,” Chrissy said. “You look okay yourself. ‘Cept for the eye.”
I touched my black eye at the same time I caught Jack walking to the bar (which thankfully only served pop and cola—I didn’t want a repeat of what happened to Jack on my birthday.)
“I can give you some of my foundation if you like. Should cover it right up.”
But I wasn’t concentrating on Chrissy. I was watching Jack as he started talking to the tall barman. Who must have been at least twenty-five. After a minute he laughed, and leaned toward the barman whose lips curved upwards.
My mouth dropped open. Was he flirting with him? Flirting, flirting with him? 
Did that guy have any idea how old Jack was? Okay, granted he looked older than his age . . .
“You look like you’re about to puke,” Simon said.
Chrissy threw up her hands. “I only offered a smidge of make-up. It’s not that bad.”
Simon threw an arm around my neck. “Take a break and go to the rest room. Shove a finger down your throat if you have to. Just get into game.”
“Think I need a drink. Won’t be a tick.” 
I wasn’t exactly sure what I was doing, but I headed toward the bar.
“Hmm hmm,” I cleared my throat as a way of catching the barman’s attention. Jeez, did he have to lean so close into him? 
I coughed, and this time he dragged himself—too reluctantly—away from Jack. 
“I’d like a coke, thanks.” It took all my effort to stay polite. Then I turned to Jack. “So glad you guys showed up.” 
The barman turned to get me a drink, but the way he opened the small fridge slowly so it wouldn’t make a noise told me he was listening to every word. 
Good. 
“Anyway, I was thinking, this place is pretty great. Maybe we could use it for your seventeenth birthday party next month.” I made sure to emphasize ‘seventeenth’ and ‘next month’. Now Barman had to know Jack was sixteen, and to back off. 
He handed me a bottle of coke, and I waved a cheery good-bye and went back up to the rest of my band on stage.
“You look much better,” Simon said to me. “Did you chuck? Works for me too.” 
“No chucking, just got myself a drink. And, yes, I’m so much better.”
Ben raised his head from his guitar and gave a friendly wave in Terry and Faye’s direction when they hollered cheers. Chrissy threw her arms around my and Simon’s shoulders. “Come here, Ben. Group huddle.”
As I watched Ben put down his guitar, catching sight of Jack behind him, striding across the floor back to Terry and Faye. Ben hung his arms casually around my and Simon’s neck, and while Chrissy spoke, I watched Jack. I couldn’t hear what he said, but before either Terry or Faye could respond, he turned and left the club without looking back.
“How’d you feel ‘bout that? Drake?” Chrissy asked. 
“Um . . . ”
“Yay or Nay?”
“Yay?”
“Then it’s unanimous.”
Whew. And what was unanimous?
We hid ourselves backstage until it was time to start. I could see the most of the ramshackle concrete club through a gap in a thick red curtain.
My heart pumped faster with every person who walked through the doors. Twenty minutes before we were scheduled to start, the place was packed. While we got ourselves psyched up, some ambient music played to the waiting crowd. Butterflies with wings of steel and leather enjoyed lashing me from the inside.
When the house lights went out there was a hushed silence. I gripped and threw up a silent prayer both my voice and my instrument would play normally. 
Finally we were on stage.
Chrissy quietly tapped the beat. She winked at me—my cue to sing. All my nerves peaked together, but as soon as the first note wafted from my lips, I forgot about everything. After I’d sung the first line, the spotlights hit us at the precise moment I struck the first chord on my guitar and Chrissy pelted on the drums.
I was sucked into a world where nothing else mattered except for music. Exhilarating and liberating, it felt like I wasn’t just contributing, but actually was the music; every strum of the guitar was charging me up with energy. And in the midst of it all, I really understood how powerful a magic based on sound could be. These waves that erupted around us, if composed in the right way, had so much potential. 
Lost to the crowd, even to my band mates, I was only really ‘there’ for the music, so I was surprised when it came to a stop, the set finished, and the crowd blasted cheers in our direction. Ben slapped my hand, and at the crowd’s request, we played another two songs. 
“Like that?” Ben yelled to the audience and the crowd went wild. 
I grinned and leaned into the mike, “Want us to play you another one?”
A chorus of cheers and hoots filled the air. I looked at Chrissy. “Ask them,” she yelled.
“Ask ‘em what?”
Ben budged my arm and spoke into my ear loud enough I could hear him above the crowd. “What we agreed on.” 
I stared blankly at him.
“You know, about the band name.” Ben shook his head. “You must have been nervous.”
Ohh.
Giving them a nod, I turned back to the audience and spoke in a voice I hoped was sexy.  “Before we play you our final piece we want you guys to help us out with a band name. We have two options: Just Jitters or Manic Hedgehogs. Clap for your favorite. Loudest clap wins the vote.”
Someone threw a slipper on stage and I hoped that meant something good. I picked it up. “Thanks, but I’d be needing the other one, a bathrobe and six of you gorgeous girls wearing bunny ears.”
Or Jack. 
I blinked away the thought as fast as it came. A roar came from the crowd.
“Right, remember, loudest clap wins.” I cleared my throat and waited a few seconds before I spoke into the mic. “For those of you inclined, put your hands together for... Just Jitters!” 
There was an eruption of claps and whoops. 
“And for those others out there, put your hands together if you’d rather like Manic Hedgehogs!” 
I’d barely said the name when the crowd went berserk. People were jumping and cheering, and I even heard one girl screaming, “Manic Hedgehog rocks!”
Chrissy hit the tom-tom and ended with a ringing of the cymbal. 
I looked at the rest of the band, who nodded. “Manic Hedgehogs it is then. And us, hedgehogs, would like to thank you.” Ben, Simon and Chrissy hit the music and my voice mingled in with it. The crowd jumped and danced until we’d played our final chord.
My ears were still ringing when Terry, Faye and I arrived home. 
I didn’t bother to ask them where Jack went; I knew he left the club and didn’t watch our gig. His loss. I stamped on the steps, coming up to his floor so he’d know we’d arrived back. All the lights were out. I assumed he’d gone to bed.
We went up to the lounge and I made myself a cup of tea. My hands were still trembling with adrenalin.
Faye and Terry collapsed onto the sofa. 
“Gave me the chills, man,” Terry said, putting his arms on the back of the sofa, behind Faye. “I swear that was the best I’ve heard you guys, and I’ve heard you play a lot of good stuff.” 
“Had a great time, too, Drake,” Faye said, yawning. “Really. The gig was epic, I’m just worn out with all the dancing. Good idea to put your band name to a vote. Good...” she yawned again, “...audience involvement.”
Within two minutes she’d fallen asleep. Terry moved so her head rested on his arm. She drooled slightly on Terry’s sleeve. He wiped it off, grinning. Then scooping her up into his arms, he got up. “Better get her to bed. I had fun tonight. You Manic Hedgehogs rule.”
He shuffled out of the room, leaving me alone with my half finished tea. 
Too worked up to go to bed, I caught sight of Faye’s opened laptop, and logged into my eBay account where I’d placed an ad before the gig. “Hundred and fifty pounds. Not bad.”
A window popped up on screen. Jack is online. Faye’s messenger was open. I moved the mouse to click it away, but hesitated. He wouldn’t have to know it was me chatting to him . . . 
I opened a chat window and typed in ‘Hey’.





Chapter 14

I tapped my foot as I waited for a response. After a minute I decided nothing was going to happen, so I hovered the cursor over the red ‘x’ box. My index finger was about to click down when the little bell rang; the sound of an incoming message.
Hi, it read.
I wrote and rewrote my next message three times before entering. It still came out sounding lame.
U get home ok? U left early. What’s up?
It seemed like ages before the response came, although it was probably only thirty seconds.
It’s nothing. Was peeved. 
Peeved? I typed quickly.
Doesn’t matter.
My pulse quickened. If you’re upset, you can tell me.
A long wait. Close to a minute.
It’s Drake. He talked to Faye about me? Maybe those two got on much better than I’d thought. I was about to reply when another message came in.
The guy seriously drives me up the wall. He was an ass tonight. Total. Ass.
Ranting much?
I wished I hadn’t bothered with the chat. It was getting uncomfortable. Somehow I managed to respond with, Yeah, Drake can be an ass sometimes, but I don’t think he wanted you to leave tonight. I’m sure he’d be sorry about that. Without thinking, I added: U still going 2 the dragon execution protest tomorrow morning?
Yeah. R u and Terry coming 2?
Sure. Bloody fantastic. Why didn’t I think sometimes! Now I’d have to drag Faye out of bed tomorrow. I’d owe her big.
Gr8. I’d better scramble off 2 bed. Night.
Night.
I couldn’t turn off the computer fast enough. I’d been on such a high and now it was like having been repeatedly kicked in the gut. My own stupid fault.

* * *
Getting Faye up required tact. Actually, it boiled down to a couple of essential ingredients, namely a cup of hot coco and a banana-choco toastie pie. 
I held the plate close to her nose and let the hot sticky aroma of toastie pie do the work for me.  She wriggled a bit, then her eyes snapped open. The first thing she saw was the plate of goodness; then, as her eyes adjusted to the early morning light, me.
“What do you want?” She stretched and whipped the plate off me. “Mmmmh, gooood.” After she’d swallowed a bite, she shot me a suspicious glance. “Spit it out.”
“I’ll owe you?” I said.
She tried to resist taking another bite, but kept glancing at the chocolate oozing out the side of the bread. “It means getting out of bed, doesn’t it?”
I nodded.
“Stupid deliciousness.” She grabbed the toastie and bit into it some more. “Whadda ya want then?”
“We’re protesting a dragon execution.” I didn’t tell her the main reason I wanted her to come was so I didn’t look a fool in front of Jack. Didn’t sound very noble out loud.
Or in my head either, for that matter. 
After gulping half the cup of coco, Faye stretched. “Alright then.”
“Terry’s coming too. If you’re tired, my arm’s always there for you to sleep on.”
“Yeah, yeah. Now get out so I can get dressed.”

* * *

The four of us didn’t say much as we walked toward Drupes’s main square. Terry and Faye stuck closer together; their eyes were distant as if they were lost in thought and the set of their shoulders reminded me of people in mourning. 
Jack trailed a bit behind, but I could still see him in my peripheral vision. His face was pale and he was fidgeting with the cuffs of his sleeves. 
A fresh layer of dew touched the grass around us, covering the leaves of the apple and plum trees lining the streets. The amount of people increased the closer we got to the square. 
Soon we were standing at the edge of a crowd. A makeshift stall to our left sold candy floss and toffee apples. Confetti blew over the sea of heads. Children were holstered up on their parents’ shoulders.
Sickening.
Jack said, voice sour, “What do they think this is? A carnival?”
I wish.
Turning to Faye and Terry behind me, I said, “Just watch out for anyone wearing a red and black striped mask.” 
 “Watch out for and run away from,” Jack’s jaw twitched as he amended. He added, scanning the crowds, “Half the people here want to see this dragon die.”
I clapped a hand on his shoulder. “And the other half are doing their damndest to prevent it from happening.”
Terry frowned, looking around. “Half? They all seem cheerful to me.” 
Faye pointed to the right hand side of the square. “Not over there. Guys, shouldn’t we make our way to the group holding the protest signs? Might make more of an impact there.”
We pushed our way through the crowd, and I didn’t hold back on elbowing until we got to Professor Quincey, leading the protest. There was a black bruise, thrice as dark as mine, beneath his left eye and a cast around his left arm.
“You came,” he greeted us. “Thought you’d have been scared off after the last protest. But I see you’ve even brought more support. Well well, I’m impressed.”
“Happy to help out,” Jack said. “How do we stop it from happening?”
Professor Quincey’s eyes turned somber, and I felt Jack freeze next to me. 
“There’s nothing we really can do to stop this execution happening.” His eyes flickered behind me. I followed his gaze. Until then, I hadn’t dared to look toward the centre of the square. 
I gagged. An erected platform forming a stage stood in the square’s center.  Two thick wooden beams and a large crossbeam awaited its prey. The noose swung in the slight breeze, like a tongue licking its lips. 
“Gallows?” The words came dry and sore from my mouth.
“A foul and disgusting ritual.” Professor Quincey’s eyes were cold. I thought he’d spit on the cobble stones. “If you haven’t seen one of these, I’d suggest not watching. Take a sign and hang out at the back of the crowd. Of course, just to warn you, it won’t stop the sound.”
“The sound?”
His answer made me wish I hadn’t asked. 
Professor Quincey rested a sign on his shoulder, leaning his temple on its edge. His voice sounded heavy. “An execution is set up to deliver two things: one, to punish a dragon for a crime, and two, as a reminder to other dragons not to step out of line. That’s why it’s done in the square, not just so people can gather and watch.” He pointed to the buildings and houses surrounding the square that were lined with dragon chimneys. “But so they can see what’ll happen to them if they’re not careful—like speaking out against their slavery, for example.” His gaze traveled to each of us, emphasizing his words. “Before the execution, the dragon goes into surgery to give him his voice back.”
Bile rose up my throat. How repulsive. 
Faye wrapped her arm around Terry’s, almost green. “That’s so wrong,” she said.
Grabbing signs from a pile lying next to Professor Quincey, Jack handed them out to us. Faye took hers and stalked a path to the back of the crowd. Terry’s was broken so he exchanged it.
I moved my satchel so that it hung behind me and didn’t interfere with the long wooden stick on my sign. Just as I was about to walk to the back of the crowd, Jack caught my arm. I followed his hand as he pointed across the square. 
Horses pulled a cage, making their way to the gallows. In it sat one orange, yellow, and red speckled dragon, the stub from where his wings had been pruned jutting through the bars, nostrils flaring in panic as he pushed against the metal bars trying to get out.
It was the dragon we’d seen on the chapel roof. 
Squinting, I saw part of the red speckles dripped blood; a jagged cut in the dragon’s throat poorly stitched back together.
My tonsils swelled, hurting when I swallowed. I looked for a quick way out of the crowds, somewhere I could be without having to see anymore. 
Bowing my head, I stomped toward the back of the crowd. Half-way, Terry caught up, Faye already lost behind the crowd. Jack was still talking to Professor Quincey.
“Sorry, man. It’s rough,” Terry said.
Scanning the crowd, I paused as I made out two of the protestors: Rohesia Auber and Beatrice Wymer. Professor Quincey’s words sounded in my head: We are really lucky so many professors from the university regularly take part. I shook off the weird feeling I got seeing them both there.
“Sucky life,” I grunted.
“Maybe things can get better,” Terry said. “These protests—doing this is what will help bring change.” 
“Too slow.”
“Unfortunately, these things take time.”
And too much life.
The only way things would go faster is if they had a strong leader. I glanced at Professor Quincey. Sure he’d managed to de-dragonize the psych building, but it wasn’t enough. “Only the mayor has the decision making power to stop dragons being treated as slaves,” I muttered, thinking of the article from the Drupes Herald. “He doesn’t seem to be doing much.”
“What’s that?” Terry said, dipping his head to catch my words.
“Nothing.” 
Exactly the amount the Drupes mayor seemed to be doing.
Stupid Berlin City Councils. Stupid, stupid mayors.
Cheers and boos of the competing crowds filled the space around them; made the air feel thick and suffocating.
I itched to flee, but the crowd was thick and we were struggling to push our way to the back. Church bells started ringing. Terry and I twisted toward the gallows. I couldn’t remove my gaze from the dragon and the noose around his middle. 
The bells silenced the hoards of people on and around the square.  Everyone save the protestors, who wailed and screamed even louder. 
When the bells stopped, a trapdoor in the platform opened. A terrified wailing scream came from the dragon as he fell. The sound echoed around the square, over and over. The dragon bounced, the noose tightened, and his screaming turned into gasps.
Listening tugged at every bit inside me, pulling my tears and my breath away until I was verging on a sob.
Not even as people pushed past my back could I tear my sight from the dying dragon. I don’t know how many minutes I stood shocked, mortified and watching him suffer. Only when Terry gripped my shoulder did I let him drag me away, the image burned in my mind. 
I wasn’t aware when exactly, but when I looked up again, Jack was there, tears streaming down his face, holding tightly onto his Stop the Killing sign. 
“Awful,” I choked out. 
“Cruelest thing I’ve ever seen,” he said, looking at Terry and me. His features darkened as his voice dropped, “How can people watch that for fun? Are people so sick?” 
A group of teenagers knocked Jack as they walked behind him and he stumbled into me. I caught his elbow, steadying him, then took the sign he held and stabbed it alongside mine into a patch of earth.
Jack met my gaze. “Are people so sick?”
I saw his pain; not just at this mortifying execution, but of his family, of his world, my world, Terry and Faye’s. Was there any hope for something better? his eyes seemed to ask. 
I desperately wanted to tell him People aren’t sick, we’ve just seen the exceptions. 
But I was fast losing hope myself.
I clung to what I could. I needed—we needed—to see the good.
And Jack . . .
He was meant to be the angel on my shoulder. He wasn’t meant to lose the light. 
I wouldn’t let him.
“You’re a good one,” I said to him. Then I said it to Terry, who was frowning and scanning the crowd. “Coming here, making a stance against this atrocity—that’s noble.” I swallowed. “Let’s get back home.”
Jack fished inside his bag, pulled out some tissues, and blew his nose. 
“Yeah,” he said, “I just need a second.”
I went with him to a bench facing the houses surrounding the square. When he sat down, he looked up at me. “Should we like,” he coughed, “say a few words?”
I crouched down in front of Jack so we were level. Closing my eyes, I said, “A terrible murder took this dragon’s life. I sincerely hope his soul will rest in peace.”
Then Jack whispered, “He was a being, he could’ve been a friend.” 
When I opened my eyes, Jack was looking toward the overcast sky. 

Terry turned around in a circle and came over to us. “Where’s Faye?” he demanded.
“You weren’t with her for this?” Jack’s voice was muffled through the tissue.
I shook my head and my voice was croaky. “She got to the back of the crowd before us.”
“Maybe she left the square?” Jack said. “Didn’t want to see or hear . . . I wouldn’t blame her.” 
“Maybe,” Terry said, frowning. “Dammit, I should have been with her!”
“Let’s wait for the crowd to disperse.” I said. “Be easier to spot her then.”
“You’d think with her blonde hair, she’d be easy to spot.” My spine prickled at Jack’s words and Terry’s head snapped up. His eyes frantically scanned the heads in front of us. There were a couple of blondes, but the wrong shade and with the wrong body shape. 
“Hurry up and leave, people!” Terry yelled out and walked up to the front of the protest crowd where Professor Quincey was stacking protest signs in a crate.
Jack glanced at Terry, then quickly turned away again, face pale. “Shit.” He looked at me. “I have to . . .  I can’t see his body. Can we go home?”
I helped him off the bench and Terry jumped on it to scan the square.
 “The crowds have thinned, but I still can’t find her.” Terry’s voice strained. 
Straightening up, I glanced around. Not even a quarter of the people that had been there ten minutes ago were there now. Averting my eyes from the gallows, I checked the square. “Maybe she went into the park?” I suggested.
“Without telling me?” He fiercely shook his head “Never.”
“Maybe she couldn’t handle to watch, and just left,” Jack said, then ran a hand through his hair. “Kinda wish I had.”
“She’d have said something,” Terry snapped.
A funny rumbling swirled in my stomach, making me want to belch. I pressed it down, but the feeling still remained. “Let’s check out the park,” I said. “She’s not here.”
But we still didn’t find her.
We spent a good two hours walking up and down and circling every tree in the vast orchards that made up the park. Twice we thought we saw Faye crouched up behind the trunk of a tree, but both times we were disappointed. 
Terry slammed his fist into a tree, making it rain tiny purple plums. “Damn it!” 
I clutched his shoulder. “We’ve probably gone round in circles—she might be trying to find us at the same time. Or she’s gone home and is waiting for us there.” 
But I didn’t believe in my own encouraging words. Something seemed off.
We stalked across the grass. Ahead, a bird sucked a worm out of a rotting apple. I stiffened, stopping mid-step, goose bumps flaring up over my arms. I watched as the bird flew up into a nest on an apple tree branch. The bird opened its beak and a miniature brown bird pecked the worm out from its mother. 
Something about it nagged in my head.
I was too worried to focus on it though.
Worried, and sorta freaked out.
Jack pulled at my arm. “Drake, you alright?’ 
Terry was charging up ahead. 
“Was a bird. I’m fine.” I shrugged out of his grip, taking a tentative step forward. Then hurried under the branch with the nest. Damn I wish they didn’t freak me out like this.
As soon as our house door opened, Terry sprinted up to Faye’s room. I heard it slam and his footsteps stamping up to the kitchen. “Faye? Faye?” 
His voice verged on hysterical. 
I frowned and opened my library door to quickly dump my satchel. As I left the room, a light reflected on my bag and I doubled back. 
Had I seen that correctly? 
I bent over my satchel and confirmed the zip to the outer pocket was undone. Strange. I only used the main pocket under the flap. Never the outer one.
In the background, Terry stomped down the stairs.
Slipping my hand inside the pocket, my fingers touched something smooth. I pulled out a green folded piece of card. 
Heart thumping, palms suddenly sweaty, I opened.
Stop prying into matters that don’t concern children.
You are easy to get hold of . . .
Think of this as a warning.
Sickness rose to my throat, but I couldn’t wait for it to be out. I rammed my index finger toward the back of my throat. They’d taken Faye. To warn us? I leaned over the rubbish bin and threw up. 
Think of this as a warning.
Another wave of sickness washed over me and I hugged the bin closer.
I knew Terry was behind me before he spoke. His voice was wispy and scared. “Something’s happened to Faye hasn’t it?”
I couldn’t nod, but managed to point at the green card next to me. He moved so fast it was a blur. 
The card fluttered to the floor and Terry sank to his knees. I looked at his face: calm. Too calm. Terry’s voice was soft. “I’m going to kill them.”
Jack’s shout had me scrambling up to his room. He stood, shaking, whiter than a sheet. “She’s been kidnapped.” 
We sat on the end of his bed. “It’s going to be okay.”
I hoped it’d be okay.
It’d better be.
“Check.” He waved a hand to his opened laptop. “Email.” Terry came into the room, brushing past me to get to it. I came up to his side and watched as he clicked on the message bar. A white page popped up.
If you want to see her again, stop your investigation.
Spend your time solving this little mystery instead.
You’ll be given one clue a day.
In three days you’ll have her back as good as new . . . so long as you quit looking for the Red Eye. 

One) Of the heavens. NGC6101. IC4499. IC4633.
Terry narrowed his eyes at me.
“This—this is your fault!” He slammed a fist on the desk. “Never would have happened if you hadn’t asked us to come!” 
I opened my mouth to protest, but closed it again. He was right. 
“Quit investigating the case,” he said as he left the room. Jack looked at me, but I didn’t say a word. There weren’t any to say.
A few minutes later a rush of wind blew into the room. Then the door from my floor slammed.
I couldn’t think—could barely feel, nothing seemed to make any sense as I went downstairs. The carpet underfoot felt too prickly, the banister too smooth, pinching my hand as I moved. I welcomed the pain as the only thing that felt familiar and real. 
A square note was tacked to the door and scrawled across it was: 
Don’t follow. Figure out clue.
I ripped the note off the door and scrunched it into a ball. Wandering up to the kitchen, I put on the kettle, but I wasn’t thirsty. I slumped on a chair and rested my head against the hard cool wood of the table. The pressure of the table massaged my head, numbing it.
Where was Faye now? How were they treating her? 
I recoiled at an image of Faye chained up on top of a roof with dragons stretching into the distance on either side of her. Lifting my feet up on the chair, I hugged my knees.
If I hadn’t had convinced her to go . . . 
I banged my head against my knees, cursing. How could’ve I been so . . .  so . . . “Arrgh.”
The kettle screamed. I wanted to join in but was too drained.
I heard a shuffling and the kettle quieting. I didn’t raise my head. Cups were dragged from the cupboard, magnetic strips in the door clicking together when it shut. The fridge door squeaked open and shut. 
Then a cup was placed on the table in front of me. At first I thought I’d ignore it, and leave it to go cold, but the aroma lured my head up. I swept the room, but Jack had already left. 
Gripping the warm handle, I scraped the bottom of the cup over the table and, not bothering to lift it, brought my mouth down and slurped the tea. 
How the hell must Terry be coping? 
Coping? What a stupid thing to think. Of course he wasn’t coping, he was livid. He’d search the square over and over again for any signs we’d missed. I wished I could help him. I pulled the small ball of paper from my pocket and straightened it out. 
Don’t you dare follow. Figure out clue.
“Figure out clue,” I re-read. My voice sounded like an empty tin can. 
One) Of the heavens. NGC6101. IC4499. IC4633.
Heart somewhere in my gut, I towed myself to my library. The light was on and Faye’s small laptop was opened on the working table. A chord ran taut across the room at knee height, plugging the laptop to the printer.
It hummed, and every few seconds a piece of paper popped out. I headed toward it, but Jack intercepted me, grabbing the pile of paper and unplugging the printer.
Sagging to a chair on the table, I waited for Jack to show me what he had. The table wobbled as he banged against the table leg. He rearranged herself on the seat and, licking his fingertip once, leafed through the printouts, dividing them into five different sets.
Pulling one set toward me, I saw the Avice audio transcripts. 
I frowned. “This is the Avice Ballard-Cardon file.”
Jack didn’t look up. “Yes, it is.” 
He continued to sort.
“But the email—”
“Do you need anything else printed?”
I pressed the note Terry had left into his hand. “He wants us to figure this mystery out. Find Faye.”
 “Do I always do what Terry wants?” he snapped. 
I was taken aback by his abruptness. I’d forgotten just how insensitive he could be. Bluntly, I said, “Thought you’d at least respect this request. If not for Terry then for Faye.”
I stood up. I didn’t want to be around him right now.
“Don’t you get it, Drake?” 
“No, I don’t.” 
Jack placed the final two pieces of paper on a pile to the right of the computer. “Don’t you think kidnapping is an extreme measure?”
What was he getting at? “Of course.”
“Why do it?” Jack said. “Because we are close to figuring it out, that’s why. It’s got them scared.”
I was about to speak, but Jack continued over me. “My guess?”—he waved his hands over the five piles—“The key for finding Red Eye is here.” 
“Jack! Hell! Don’t you care about Faye? We can’t go after the Red Eye, they’ll hurt her! I know you two aren’t close, but she means something to me and Terry! Quit this.”
He stared at me evenly. “No.”
I couldn’t believe him. I shook my head and dumbly repeated, “No?”
“That’s right, no.”
My pulse hammered and I squeezed my fists together. Jack’s brown eyes were serious. How could something as beautiful as him be so . . . so . . . “You’re a bastard! Get out the hell out of my library!”
“I get you’re angry, Drake, but—” I shuddered at his use of my name, which he must have seen, because he stopped talking gathered the paper together. On his way out, he said, “Find me when you cool down. Whether you believe it or not, I do care.”
I helped push the door shut behind him. 
A hole pierced deep in my middle. Not only was Faye kidnapped and my close friend distraught, but the guy I couldn’t stop thinking about, even now in the midst of this crisis, was being an insensitive bastard. And though I wanted this moment to sever any kind of connection we had, I yearned for him to come back. 
To tell me that everything was going to be alright.








Chapter 15

For an hour, I paced up and down, but my anger still flickered like a flame. Come find me when you cool down. The words made me want to pulse my fists. 
Figure out clue. I tried to focus  but my thoughts kept drifting. I had to go up and talk to Jack. Before that nothing was going to stay clear in my head.
Still too upset to knock, I barged into his room. He was kneeling on his bed with the five piles spread out around him and the laptop perched on his side table. The draft of air I let in with my forceful entry made papers fly off their piles, some leaving the bed entirely.
He didn’t growl, or snap something at me, or even pick them up. Instead, he looked at me. 
All remnants of my temper vanished. His eyes glowed hazel under the tears that welled out of them. Under them, his skin was puffy and nose bright red. I wondered how I hadn’t noticed all the screwed up tissues surrounding him.
Normally I found it sort of weird to see a guy cry. But this I understood. Got. 
I wanted to join him.
Tentatively, I took a step closer. Jack flinched. I paused and watched as his shoulders heaved with fresh sobs. 
“What’s wrong?” It was a dumb thing to ask, but it slipped out of my mouth before I could stop it.
Jack gulped in a deep breath, calming himself and swiping his eyes. “What’s wrong? Isn’t it obvious, Drake?” He cleared his throat. “Faye’s been kidnapped . . . ” his body trembled with the word. “Terry’s gone and we have no idea if he’ll be next . . .” He placed his head on his knees like I’d done earlier. “And you think she doesn’t mean anything to me?” 
He forced his head up again. “I think of her as my sister. I always just thought we had a love-hate relationship, the way siblings do. I do care.”
The hole inside of me shrunk a little. Of course he cared. Hadn’t I seen the way he was so gentle and understanding of Perold? How despite the stress—the danger, the hurt—he’d wanted to support the dragons? 
I could be so damn stupid.
“I want to figure out the mystery,” Jack said, “not because I don’t care, Drake. But because I do. Because I want to find out who did this to her and I want to . . . Hurt. Them. Back.”
Air whistled as I sucked in a breath. Revenge was the reason he wanted to continue the investigation? Terry wouldn’t want to risk using Jack’s method, but he’d understand—I’d seen the look on his face in the library. 
He’d totally understand.
I brushed some of the papers aside and sat next to him on the edge of the bed, our shoulders touching. “Sorry I called you a bastard,” I said softly.
After a moment he replied, “I get how people think that sometimes. I know I do stuff you guys don’t understand. Like when I stole your lighter . . .” I twisted my torso in his direction. His cheeks were flushed. It seemed crazy to me someone who’d bawled his eyes out could still look so good. 
Unfair, if I could be jealous at this moment.
“I only wanted to protect your health.” The image of him leaning against the closet door, his breath on my neck when I slid my hand into his pocket . . . I shivered. I wanted to do it again, but with a totally different outcome. 
I pinched my arm. Hard. So not the time to be caught up in my own emotional mess. 
I took Jack’s hand. “I really am sorry. I know you care for all of us.” I gave him a small grin, as much as I could muster, anyway. “But right now we need to keep Faye safe. Would you help me figure out our first clue?”
In a flash he’d withdrawn his arm away from me, reaching across the bed to one of the piles of paper. He handed me a printout of the email we’d been sent. My eyes scanned down to the first clue.
One) Of the heavens. NGC6101. IC4499. IC4633.
“I figured that out first, of course!” he said. “But it won’t help until we get another clue at least.” 
I looked up at him in wonder. “You figured that out already? How?”
“It wasn’t that hard. I should have picked it up straight away.” He looked at me and my dumbfounded expression.  I concentrated on his lips as he spoke. 
“I’m into all kinds of science—that’s why I should’ve known.” He pointed to the first part of the clue. One) Of the heavens. “I’m sure the ‘one’ here isn’t meaning clue number one, but rather connects with the first bit. One of the heavens.” He looked at me, waiting until I gave him the cue to continue.
“Go on.” 
“A constellation is sometimes defined as a section of the heavens, so I thought that’s what it had to be.”
That made sense. One of the heavens. Constellation. “Okay, which one? What does it mean?”
Jack’s hand started to twitch as it often did when he was excited. “Those numbers,” he pointed to the three sets of code, “are the names of the clusters that make up the constellation. I typed them into a search engine and found it forms Apus.”
I didn’t know too much about constellations—I could only point out the Plough and Cassiopeia if anyone asked me to. 
I really hope no one asked.
Thankfully, Jack continued to explain. “Apus translates as bird of paradise.”
I frowned. “That’s it? That’s our first clue?” As I said the words, an idea formed in my head. Now it was my turn to get excited. “Could it be that she’s in an observatory? Somewhere where one could see Apus?”
Jack shook her head. “Unless they somehow shipped her off to the Dowrl version of New Zealand.” Huh? “Apus is a constellation in the Southern Hemisphere. You couldn’t see it from Drupes.”
Shit.
“We have to wait for the next clue, sorry.”
I sighed. “Maybe then we’ll have more of an idea.” Lying back on the bed and arching my body to reach into my jeans pocket, I pulled out the green threat card and handed it to him.
“What’s this?” Jack said, but his eyes were glued to my body.
“Whoever took Faye somehow shoved this into my bag. Is there anything there that you think could help us?”
Jack looked at the card and shuddered, but his eyes glowed. “I could break down the components of this paper and see what it’s made up of.” 
I went to say ‘huh’ but he was off, talking more to himself than explaining to me. 
I think. 
“Different manufacturers use different woods and rosins. I could figure out who made this paper and then find out who they supply to. Maybe the shop has video coverage and we can find out who of our suspects bought it. Yes, yes.”
The guy was genius. I was about to tell him I thought it was an excellent idea, when his cheeks flushed red. “Oh my God. How embarrassing. Of course there’s a much easier way.” He looked up at me sheepishly, as if I’d already rumbled him.  “We could just do a handwriting comparison. You’ve seen Avice’s writing, is it like this?”
I didn’t need another look at the writing to answer. “No, it isn’t. But we don’t have any samples of Beatrice or Rohesia’s writing.”
“True. But let’s see about Walter. We can play this a little by elimination.” He lifted the small laptop off his side table and placed it on the bed. I had to move my head in front of his shoulder to see the screen. 
From here I could hear his heart galloping. 
Or maybe it was my own.
He clicked the mouse and the footage from Walter’s house came up. He fast-forwarded to the bit where he opened his will.
“How does Faye enlarge the shot?” He pressed a button, and the screen went blank. “Man, computers are a pain. How do I get it back?”
“Keep pressing buttons, maybe something will happen,” I suggested. 
I had no idea how Faye did all this IT stuff, either. 
“Have a feeling Faye would ban us from her computers forever if she’d heard that.” 
Just as I lifted my head to speak, he moved down to study the laptop and my lips brushed over his check. For a split second we both froze before he tapped wildly at the keyboard. I completely forgot what I wanted to say. 
“Hungry?” 
Hungry? Where did that come from? 
Not to mention the fact there was no way I could keep any food down. 
Jack shook his head. “Don’t think I could stomach it.”
Great, that made it sound like all I wanted to do right now was scoff me some grub. My cheeks heated up. Quickly, I said, “Just try turning it off and on again.”
“One step ahead of you,” he said, and the corners of his lips turned up. But almost as soon as they had, his lips pressed into a thin line. He shuffled away from me and said, “How are we meant to act right now, Drake? It’s so confusing.”
Was he talking about Faye, or us? The answer I gave was true in either case. “I don’t know.”
He sighed. “I have a confession.” 
The computer rebooted with a sound, but Jack put it back on the side table. He rubbed his palms over his jeans.
“What?” I asked.
“It’s about Faye. I think. . . it’s my fault.”
I waited for him to continue but it seemed like he wasn’t going to. “What do you mean, your fault?”
 I could hardly see how Jack had something to do with it.
He breathed out, long, slow. “Because I made her come,” he said finally.
“What are you talking about?” If it was anyone’s fault, it would be mine. Like Terry said. If I hadn’t convinced her to come with me this morning, she would’ve stayed wrapped up in bed. My shoulders slumped. “How on earth do you think it’s your fault?”
“Because I made you make her come.”
Before I could ask him to clarify, he held his hand up to stop me from talking. “I knew it was you online last night, Drake. I saw Terry carrying Faye to bed when I got home. I pretended you were Faye because I was angry at you and I wanted you to know it.” Then, perhaps as an afterthought, or because I still hadn’t responded, he added, “I don’t actually talk to Faye about us. I wouldn’t do that.”
“When did you get home?” I asked.
“I waited for one bus after the one you guys took home. I wanted you to think I didn’t watch your gig.”
“So you saw it?” I couldn’t hide the happiness in my voice, and suddenly felt like I was betraying Faye by feeling so unbelievably good. I bit my tongue to keep me grounded.
“Of course I saw it. You were amazing.” His eyes lit up as he said it and I had to bite down until I tasted the metallic tang of blood between my teeth.
I couldn’t be happy right now.
“I was peeved you embarrassed me at the bar.” His voice rose, then leveled. “But that’s how it’s my fault. When you slipped and asked me about the execution, instead of admitting I knew it was you, I kept playing and asked if Terry was coming, too. I wanted to see how long you’d actually continue the charade. I’m sorry.” 
His voice broke at the end.
I couldn’t think of anything to say. I shifted in my seat, trying not to concentrate on the fact he’d known it was me, and the butterflies that came with the thought. Jack sniffed, and I couldn’t stand it. 
“It’s not your fault. Whoever kidnapped Faye is to blame. You did not choose this.”
By that reasoning, it wasn’t my fault, either. 
Still, I couldn’t help feeling guilty.
Jack leaned back against the head board and I shimmied up so I was doing the same, our sides touching from shoulder, side, to foot. “Yeah, about the bartender thing. . . . It was totally out of line.”
He nudged my shoulder with his. 
“I was just”—I scrubbed my hair—“jealous.”
 I felt him stiffen as I said those words. 
I jumped off the bed and picked up some of the papers that had fallen to the floor. “Cup of tea?”
“What’s with all this tea drinking, anyway?”
“If I tell you, you can’t get all smug.”
“Me, smug?” He chortled.
I glared.
“Fine, no smugness.”
“I’ve stopped smoking, cold turkey. But it turns out I need to end one addiction with another. But at least it’s not so bad for me. Tea, well, it kinda helps.”
“Kinda helps?” he asked, not even trying to cover the smugness in his voice. 
“Well, I can think of better addictions,” I said, then quickly added, “but they aren’t going to happen.”
Jack blushed, and looking down, worried his bottom lip, but I could see the corners lift slightly, as if he tried to hold back a smile.
I cocked my head just enough to see more of his expression, but when he glanced up I felt my own cheeks warm, and quickly left the room.

* * *

I was surprised when I looked at the clock in my library and discovered it was close to midnight. I closed the book I was reading on the constellations (I was trying to get up to speed, so tomorrows clue would come easier), and walked back up to Jack’s room. Light spilled from his door into the darkened hall. I popped my head round the doorframe. “Hey, you should get some sleep. Need clear heads for the next clue.”
He waved me away and I went and got myself ready for bed. I was really warm, so I didn’t bother with a shirt and only wore a pair of dark blue boxers with cat paws over them. 
I’d turned off all the lights and shut my curtains tightly, so I had to feel for the edges of the bed. Too many times I’d stubbed my toes or banged my shins into its legs. 
The crispy sheets were welcoming, and at first it helped to cool me down, but then it seemed as if they were warming me up. I chucked one leg over the bedcovers.
Half an hour of tossing and turning later, I lay on my back and tried to count sheep. It had worked the last time, even if it did take into the three hundreds. 
But there was no way my eyes were staying shut.
I slipped out of bed and opened one of the curtains letting in a little moonlight. Back in bed, I stared at the cracks in the ceiling paint. I shuddered, thinking how Faye’s room directly above mine had no one in it tonight.
I thought I heard a noise and turned my head to face my opened bedroom door. It had been too warm tonight to keep it shut. 
Something creaked on the staircase. 
 “Sorry,” his voice wafted. 
“Jack?” I whispered. 
His outline popped into view at my door. I held my breath.  He was wearing as much—or as little—as I was.
“Couldn’t sleep. I wanted to know if you wanted to get up and do some more research? Or go out to find Terry.”
I bunched over so half my bed was free and motioned him over.
“Terry will be back. We can’t do anything right now.”
He trundled over. There was a thunk and a string of curses. “Shiiiit!” Jack jumped up and down, clutching his shin. 
I couldn’t hold back a smile. 
“Seriously, you’re laughing?” 
But his voice had gone soft again. He sat on top of the bed as though a little unsure of himself.
“I do it all the time,” I said, “Believe me, I sympathize. It’s also pretty funny.”
He shuffled further onto the bed, hitting my arm. I caught his arm, but instead of throwing him off, just held on. Our eyes moved from where we touched to each other’s face. 
Jack pulled himself away. But not far.
“We fight a lot,” he said.
“I know.”
“You really do annoy me.”
“I know. You annoy me too.”
“But I don’t really know you.”
“Me, you, either.”
“I want to.”
I leaned back against my headboard. “As friends, right?”
I wasn’t sure, but I thought I caught him frown a second, and a small hopefulness built up inside. And even though he nodded, the hope stayed strong. A hint maybe not all was lost.
“Right,” he said.
I tugged a pillow out from behind me and chucked it to him. Then lay down on my side, facing him, watching as he lay back too. “What do you want to know?”
He thought for a moment, his eyes on me, smiling at me, making my heart beat so fast I wasn’t sure he couldn’t hear it. 
“How’d you find this place?”
“I was drunk.”
“Drunk?”
“I needed a place to squat,” I told him. “For weeks I’d been drinking. Really drinking. There wasn’t a moment where I wasn’t drunk, hung-over, or trying to get more alcohol.” 
I searched Jack’s face for any sign of judgment, but there was nothing but genuine interest. So I continued, “That was when I found the house. Or maybe it found me, I’m still not sure. I staggered around the streets, falling over blue recycling boxes along the curbside, somehow managing not to spill any of the wine I cradled. It wasn’t pretty.” I shut my eyes. “Anyway, this house didn’t have any recycling sitting out front and the letterbox spat adverts on the grass. Seemed a good place to crash.” 

I slept soundly that night. In the morning, sweating alcohol and battling a wicked throb in my head, I pulled myself up using the door handle. 
The door seemed to groan, as if it were trying to beckon me in.
I rubbed my head. Jesus, I had to be hung over bad. 
Then it spoke, “Come in.”
“I get three wishes, right?” I said, laughing as I gripped the handle. But really, I was nervous. Pop. The door swung open and a gentle breeze momentarily cleared my head. The whisper came again, urging me further inside. A wicked rush of adrenalin pushed me down the hall. 
On one door hung a yellow envelope. Seeing it, I swore under my breath. I felt like Aladdin about to meet the genie. I gulped. Drake, the envelope read.
With shaky hands, I ripped it open.
I breathed out. “That note, this house, changed my life. It protected me from myself. From what I was becoming.” 
Jack was suddenly closer. Had he moved or had I? My gaze glanced to his lips. “I have to do everything in my power to return the favor. A funny little circle of dependency we now have on each other.”
I thought Jack was leaning forward, thought for a moment we’d kiss, but instead he said, “How long were you on the street?”
I shrugged. “On and off. Between foster care homes—or until I was caught and made to go to the next one.”
“Your parents?” he said tentatively, voice rising at the end as if he was questioning himself whether to ask.
“My real parents died in a car crash when I was two.”
There was a pause and a hesitant “Sorry.”
“I don’t remember them.”
“They had no family for you to go to?”
“Apparently not, or maybe I wouldn’t have ended up on the streets.”
“Were the other parents . . . were they bad to you?”
I thought about it a moment. “Not all of them, no. The first ones I had until I was twelve—they were both teachers and I felt like a real part of their family. Martha was the smartest woman I know, she taught me to read and write, made sure I got a good education. Tom knew everything about music—he taught me to play guitar.” I waved a hand to where I kept Marmalade across the room—“he gave me that when I turned twelve. Same birthday I’d saved enough pocket money to get Refused’s The Shape of Punk to Come. It was a great day, we stayed up all night strumming Billy Joel and making up shit.”
I felt the sigh before I heard it slipping from me. “But then Martha got pregnant and had her own child, and after the first year she and Tom divorced. She couldn’t handle the both of us on her own and Tom was off as a roadie somewhere. Eventually I was moved. I was too old for the others—I think they were glad when I ran off.”
“Oh, Drake,” Jack said, Adam’s apple jutting as he swallowed, “I’m so sorry.”
His hand drifted over, across my pillow to my face and with his knuckle he wiped away a tear I didn’t realize had fallen.
“Ask me something else,” I said, and he must have seen the need in my eyes because he nodded.
“What’s your favorite color?”
“No, not that, something real.”
He tucked an arm under his pillow, worrying his lips before asking, “Why did you start drinking?”
I rolled onto my back. I didn’t like thinking about that, but I wanted to tell him—be open. Finally start trusting myself to be honest about things—the way I felt.
“It’s okay,” he said. “You don’t have to say. Sleep well, Drake.” He shuffled and I snatched his arm before he could get off the bed. 
“Stay?” I asked. “Stay with me tonight?”
I thought he might protest, and I was ready for it, but he didn’t. “Okay.”
He pulled the bed covers over us.
A fuzzy image of Raphael stabbed into my mind as memories whirled back to me, kicking me good in the gut. 
“Raphael had been in bad shape,” I said, “He was my street-friend. We shared a bench. I’d tried to get him to reduce his drug intake, but he always got upset.
“‘It’s not that easy,’ he’d said.”
I twisted my head on the pillow, pushing it down to see Jack better. “I get that. If my addiction is bad, his was worse. Much worse. One day I found him on our bench convulsing.”
I yelled like a freaking madman. “Call the ambulance. Someone. Anyone.” 
I grabbed onto Raphael, taking him into my arms. “Everything will be okay.”
He had to be. He would. 
I yelled again. Why was nobody helping? “Please,” I cried out to a passerby. “We need an ambulance.”
The girl stepped away from us, but rang in the emergency.
“Dralov—”Raphael’s words came out garbled.
“What? What is it?”
He shook harder. “You’ll be alright.” I stroked his sweaty hair back from his face. “You’ll be just fine. Hang in there.”
But he wasn’t. He opened his mouth as if to say something when his head rolled back. The whites of his eyes showed as his eyelids twitched uncontrollably. 
He was dead before the ambulance got there. 

“There was no funeral; he had no family or friends except for me. I used what pennies I had to buy a small plant, then, after hours, snuck into the cemetery and planted it there in his memory.”
“I’m sorry,” Jack murmured. “Wish I could take some of the pain for you.”
I gulped. “Thank you.” 
It was the rawest moment I’d ever had and Jack being next to me—it warmed me.
“Is it wrong?” I asked him, “This with you—it’s been nice. But Faye is out there, somewhere alone. On the one hand I feel terrible and I’m not really thinking of anything else, but then, there were moments today were I still wanted to smile—is it wrong?”
“It’s the only way to cope.” He felt for my hand and held it, squeezing once slightly. “We’ll get her out, Drake, we will.”
That’s how we stayed, talking quietly, sharing sweet and silly Faye stories for the next hour, until we conversation faded and we could shut our eyes.
I listened to his breathing slow and deepen. When I was sure he was asleep, I let myself drift off. 

* * *

I woke up to the beeping of my alarm clock, sounding suspiciously like Terry had in my dream. It was seven in the morning and Jack had already left. I put my arm on his side of the bed and felt the sheets. They were cold, he must have left a while ago. 
Stretching my arms above my head, I kicked the blankets away and jumped out of bed. I grabbed a clean black tee-shirt and pulled on my jeans. I didn’t bother to do my hair, who cared anyway?
Jack had showered and was also wearing jeans. His hair was still dripping wet, leaving splash marks on his white tee. He filled the kettle, flicked the switch and turned to see me. 
“Oh.” Was that ‘oh’ in surprise or an ‘oh’ in disappointment? “Hope I didn’t wake you?”
I snorted. “Isn’t that your forte?” Okay, I knew that was smart aleck like and what-not, but I just couldn’t help it! “Nah, had the alarm set. Wanted to get onto the next clue.” 
He smiled briefly. Then, pointing at Faye’s small laptop at the table, said, “You can check and I’ll make us some tea.” His eyes were kind and encouraging. “Would you like to have an Earl Grey? We’re out of English Breakfast.”
“Man, I hope this is a strong enough addiction to break my smoking habit,” I complained with a tight smile. 
“Is it hard? Do you want to smoke?”
I sat in front of the laptop. “It’s not easy. I crave it. It’s like I have an itch, but can’t scratch it. And when I try to ignore it, it gets crazy unbearable. All I want to do is just itch it once, because then it will be okay. But I know the moment I touch it, I’ll be sucked into it all over again.” I gave him a crooked smile. “Earl Grey will do fine.” 
But he looked at me as if he didn’t believe it.
“You said you could think of better addictions . . . Why don’t you try them if you don’t think tea will work?”
Good thing I didn’t have the tea already, I’d have snorted it out my nose.
“As much as I think I might like that. It’s not going to happen.”
He frowned, but thankfully let it go. I opened the laptop screen when the doorbell rang. Faye’s doorbell. Jack and I stared at each other a second, both of us confused, then I was flying down the stairs, breathing heavily when I swung open her door and –
“Oh, Detective Wurz.” 
“I’m here to find out about the stand of the case.” 
My brows pushed together and I was about to ask him to explain when my eye caught on the red and white striped ribbon cordoning off the property. It hung loosely around the fence. Detective Wurz would have had to duck under it to get in. 
He must have seen my eyes boggle, because he nodded his head. “They destroy house Saturday.”
 But that was only a few days away! How were we going to save it in time? 
“I can still help,” he continued. “If you have jewel.”
Jack spoke up behind me, “We don’t have it, yet.” The ‘yet’ sounded doubtful. 
I knew it wasn’t the Detective’s fault, but I wanted to punch the guy, tell him to fuck off and leave us alone. We had enough to deal with without . . .  I looked coldly into his eyes and thought I saw a flicker of fright in them. 
I looked at his physique—he was the same height as me but frailer. I could definitely take him out.
Jack pulled me back and asked Detective Wurz to wait a moment.
“What do you think you’re doing?” he hissed at me.
“I haven’t done anything.” 
Yet. 
“Your fists are tight balls. You want to fight.” He sounded disappointed. “He’s not the guy who kidnapped Faye or the person responsible for destroying our house; he’s the only beacon of light we have to save it.” He slapped my chest. “Pull yourself together.”
He went back and opened the door. “We’re close to figuring it out. We just need a little bit more time.”
Detective Wurz looked at me briefly, then answered Jack, “You have 24 hours.” He turned and strode off. 
“They’re an hour ahead,” I said, “so in British time we have to have it solved by eight tomorrow morning.”
Jack shut the door. “What do you think will happen to the rest of the house if Faye’s part is destroyed?”
I didn’t have any answer to that question. 
“I sincerely hope we don’t find out.” It could have an effect on the rest of the house, but maybe her floor will somehow just cease to exist.
As we approached the staircase, a whirling wind soared through the house. Jack and I looked at each other and at the same time said, “Terry’s home.” 
We descended the staircase and met Terry leaning his head against the banister. 
He looked terrible. Eyes frantic with yellowy-grey bags—the only color on his pale face. He rubbed both hands over his face as if to scrub some life back into him, instead it made him look broken.
“Hey man,” I put a hand on his shoulder and he looked up sharply. 
“Found out what the clues mean?” he said.
“We’re just about to work on the second. How about you go lie down while we figure it out?”
“Fuck sleeping. I can’t sleep until she’s back. I really need to know she’s safe.” He stormed down the stairs to his floor. 
We let him go and went back to the kitchen. I pressed the power button on the laptop, tapping the table as if it would hurry the machine up. 
“As much as I dislike it,” I said, “we’re going to have to continue our investigation. At least, we have to make sure we haven’t missed anything from what we’ve gathered so far.” 
Jack handed me a cup of tea and I took a little sip as a way of saying thanks. 
“I want you to concentrate on the clue to finding Faye.”
“Hold on a sec.” Jack left and when he came back, he carried a pile of paper. “Here.” He handed it to me and reached into his pocket and pulled out a yellow marker. “In case you need to highlight and stuff.” He sat down. “Let’s see what today’s clue is.”
He leant across me to type into the laptop. The close proximity sent pleasant chills through me. I moved my arm ever so slightly that it brushed against his; when our skin touched it was like receiving an electric shock. Current whizzed through me until all the little hairs stood on end. 
This effect would do oh-so-much-better than tea.
Jack stared at the screen, yet to type in his password. His face flushed and he hummed. 
“Forgotten your password?”
“Look away?”
“Think I’m going to use it and read all your mail? Come on! I’m not that guy.” 
Hmm, except for the fact I took Avice’s diary. But, generally . . .
He laughed nervously. “Sure you wouldn’t. Turn your head.” Reluctantly, I looked away as his fingers plodded on the keys. I didn’t see the harm in knowing his password. Faye was allowed to hack into our emails all the time, and I was hardly going to do that.
“It’s in,” he said and I peered back at the screen. “Clue two.” He double-clicked on the subject.
The email itself was composed of five words: 
Like a prisoun simulating nature.
“Hop off, give me the chair,” Jack demanded and I did as he said. “Sit opposite and figure out who stole the jewel. We are low on time here.”
I shoved the pile of paper to the other side of the table and picked up my tea. The clue rebounded off all sides of my head and I tried to push it out the way to focus on the Red Eye mystery. Jack was certain to figure it out alone. “Hey, did you do a cross check of Walter’s handwriting against the green card yesterday?”
Jack shook his head. “Got distracted. And of course the computer crashed. I’ll check on that after I’m done with this clue.”
I set up the five different piles; Jack had crisscrossed each pile so they stayed separate. I liked how practical he was. Four piles were themed by suspect and the fifth pile was the threats we’d received and the clues we had so far. He’d attached the green card with a paperclip to the first email.
Picking up the Avice audio transcript, I shuffled back on the bench and read. 
“Thanks again for the gift, Avice. I just love Mozart. You have no idea how much it excites me that you’re also a fan. We’re just two peas—”
“—in a pod,” Avice laughs. “Nervous?” 

I flicked to the next one. I’d read it so many times, I probably knew it inside out.
Avice: How much longer?
Walter: Not long. You’ll see. Don’t worry.
Avice: (nod) Don’t you think mum should know? So she’d understand? If she found out any other way...
Walter: If she finds out... Don’t explain it, she wouldn’t understand. But if you have to tell her, tell her after.
(Moment jewel disappears) Avice: After! She’ll be enraged! 
Walter: It’s almost all done!

I was missing something in those words, but I still had no idea what. You can’t always trust an actor. The words rung like a warning bell in my head. I scanned down the page. At the bottom was Jerry’s proposal to Avice.
Jerry: ‘Dance with me?’... ‘You move so gracefully.’
Avice: ‘Only because you lead so well. With anyone else I’d only be a klutz.’
Jerry: ‘I like dancing with you to our favorite songs.’
 Avice: ‘I want to keep dancing with you like this forever.’
Jerry: ‘Good. Because... I want to be the only name on your dance card.’...‘Avice Ballard-Cardon, will you marry me?’
Avice: ‘Yes, Yes.’

Jack drummed his foot against the floor and the table jiggled. He must be on to something. I looked at him at the same time he glanced up.
“Do we have a map of Drupes?” he said. 
“Sure. I’ll grab it for you.” I ran to the library, and from a stack of books about Dowrl and sound-based magic, I picked up the map of Drupes. Underneath was the tea-towel-like Drupes Herald. I took that too.
I handed Jack the map. In his concentration, he teased his bottom lip; it looked red and raw and I wanted to do something about it. Something soft, sensual. Quickly, I buried my head in Beatrice’s’ file. 
“Drake!” 
“Yeah?” I said, refusing the urge to look up.
“I’ve figured it out! I know where Faye is.” 







Chapter 16

My head snapped up and I looked at his glowing face, eyes wide with relief. But before I could ask where Faye was, he spoke: “Like a prisoun simulating nature. Prisoun is the French word for prison. And what type of thing is like a prison that simulates or imitates nature?”
“—A cage, I guess,” I said. 
“Right. A big cage for animals always has trees and other stuff to imitate their natural habitat.” He jumped off the chair, holding the map in his hands. “So I wondered why they used the French spelling of prison and knew it must have some connection.” 
God he was smart . . . and gorgeous, and—Focus, Drake!
“I looked at yesterday’s clue, Apus, and that’s when it clicked. The English meaning is ‘bird of paradise’. So, curious, I checked out what ‘bird of paradise’ is in French. And it’s ‘Paradisier’.”
Every time he said bird, I shuddered a little. 
He came around with the map of Drupes and laid it out in front of me. With a finger he pointed to the middle of the map. I squinted to see what was written there. “Paradisier, is a zoo, Drake. That’s where Faye is.”
Right then I just wanted to kiss him. Wanted to wrap my arms around him and hug him tight and then some, but I couldn’t, because at the same time I was watching his finger brush lightly over the map, and I was filled with queasiness and rage. I slammed my hand down on the table. 
“How could they do this to her? Put her in a zoo? She’s not an animal!” I punched down again, this time so hard my tea knocked over. “What were they going to do? Feed her to the lions if we didn’t do what they said?”
Jack picked up the Drupes Herald and chucked it over the puddle of tea before it spread to Faye’s laptop. “We know where she is now, so we can get her out before anything happens.” He rested a hand on my arm, trying to calm me down. “Then we’ll figure out who did this to her . . . to us.”
“Why didn’t I pay more attention to that first threat?” If you don’t let this case go, death will come. The words sent new, sharper shivers through me.
Jack hit my arm. Hard. “Drake, get over yourself. You’re not the only one who wanted to solve this case. Faye more than anyone wanted to be involved. She felt it was her fault in the first place. We all knew the risk . . . ” 
His voice trailed off and I looked up to see Terry had entered the room. Huge black rings under his eyes. He crumpled to the table. He didn’t look at me. “Tell me you figured it out.” His voice cracked, coming out a whisper.
“We know where she is,” Jack said. “She’s—” but Terry cut him off, lurching to his feet.
“What are we waiting for?” He sprinted out the room.
As I stood up from the table, I picked up the soaked Drupes Herald. It was opened on the page with the article about the Dragon Slavery Abolition movement. I shivered as my eyes passed over the passage: 
Sixty-seven dragons have been sentenced and put to death this year for speaking out against cruelty and segregation. Only the mayor has the decision making power to stop dragons being treated as slaves.
I rung out the tea into the sink and hung the tea towel newspaper to dry. Jack was stuffing biscuits into his shoulder bag. “Drake, grab some juice, would you.”
I handed him a bottle, frowning. “It’s for Faye,” he said, at my confused look, no doubt. “She might be starving.”
The queasy, angry feeling came over me again. What conditions she might be kept in? I grabbed a fleece blanket off the sofa and rolled it up. She might be cold, too.
“Make sure you take the lock pick,” Jack called and headed downstairs.
No one said anything as we strode down the dank Drupes alleyway. Jack had given Terry the map and he was leading the way. At an incredible speed. I was worried Jack and I would have trouble keeping up.
Seriously, I was getting into some sport after this.
What’s with all this people? Jeez,” I cursed, zigzagging through lines of people waiting outside churches. “It’s the middle of the week.” 
Terry pointed to a placard pitched on a nearby fence. “Elections,” he said, just as annoyed. 
“Elections in the middle of the week?” Jack said, surprised and then quickly went back to being silent. 
Gloomy. 
Lonely. That’s how it felt as we made our way across the city to Paradisier. Despite that the streets were full of people lining up, chucking signs about, shouting things like: “Dudley Chemming for mayor!” and “Vote Bernlak Fitzroy Out!” Despite the brilliantly sunny day, warming the fruit on the trees and making the city smell of sweet apricot. Despite the kids playing on the street, happy they didn’t have to be in school. 
Despite all that, it was lonely. We missed Faye.
It made everything look a murky brown. 
To me the shouts were angry hisses, the smell came with a cold sharp wind, and the kids were brats pulling each others’ hair and crying.
Admittance to the zoo was free on Election Day. We slipped through the gates and stopped in front of a map outside the otter enclosure. 
“Why does it have to be so fuckin' big?” Terry said. He leant against the map, closing his eyes, taking a deep breath.
“Where to now?” Jack murmured.
Terry looked at him. “I’ll break into them all if I have to. I’m not leaving without her.”
I agreed. My head was spinning as I looked at the map. We were at the beginning part of the zoo. On the other side of the path from us there was a peccary, the path forked, one leading to servals, meerkats, and chimpanzees, and the other leading up past monkeys, tamarins, a reptile house, birds, and zebras. 
“Guess the third clue was meant to tell us where,” Jack said, then his brows pushed together. “Apus . . . Birds of Paradise . . . could that have a double meaning?”
I gulped. Of course she’d be in the place I least wanted to go. Where else? 
 “The bird section,” I said with a twist of my dread wrapped up in it. “Let's go then.”
It didn’t stop my hands from shaking.
I could do this. For Faye. I’d do anything for her. 
As we walked toward the reptile house, I knew we’d soon be approaching the birds. I took deep breaths. My fears are irrational. Think about Faye. Focus on finding Faye. I kept repeating it, hoping it would help me stay in control. 
I caught sight of a sign hanging crookedly on the outside door of the reptile house.
Use of cameras in here prohibited. 
Underneath it in a friendlier tone it read: 
No taking photos, please. It frightens the animals. 
For some reason the sign tickled at a memory, but before I could lay a finger on it, Jack spoke, “Keep your eyes peeled. She could be anywhere around here.”
Just ahead on our left was the first bird cage. Something white fluttered. I jerked my gaze away, staring down the path. 
Because that’s going to help me find Faye. 
Look up! Don’t be a wuss. 
I moved as far from the birds as I could get. “Surely they wouldn’t . . . wouldn’t stick her with them,” I said. 
“It’s a public zoo,” Jack said. 
“People would notice . . .  She’s probably in a maintenance shed or something.” 
“That’s where we’re heading then,” Terry said weakly. He pointed toward a narrow path between two bird cages on his left. From here I could see it lead to a dark green shed. Another shudder rippled through me, but this time it had nothing to do with the birds.
“Poor Faye.” 
Jack spoke my thoughts precisely.
Terry sprinted down the path, banging on the door and calling Faye’s name as I, holding my breath, sidled down after him and Jack. A bird croaked at me on my left and I surprised myself by not jumping. Once I’d passed through, I ran to Terry yanking at the door.
I pulled the lock pick set out and handed it to him. He jammed the pin into the padlock.
I grabbed Jack’s hand and held tightly, the comfort keeping me calm. 
There was a faint click and Terry was in. He heaved the door with so much force it banged against the outside. 
We stormed in. 
“Faye?” Terry called out. “Stop moving,” he said to us and we froze. “Faye?”
The room was as large as Terry’s garage but instead of tools and mechanical gadgets it was lined up with packs of bird food. The smell reminded me of a bit of oats and molasses. A small window looked out onto a set of bird cages, letting enough light fall into the room to ensure it wasn’t completely dark.
“Faye?” Terry called again. 
A humming and a bang came from a back closet. Terry was over there in a flash. He ripped the door open and all I saw was a mess of blonde hair crushed up against Terry’s shoulder. Terry quickly ripped the masking tape from her mouth. There was a short cry of pain and Faye’s head lolled back as if it were too heavy to support. Jack was already bent over undoing the ropes around her arms. I jumped down beside him and undid at the ones around her feet. 
Deep black bruises cuffed Faye’s ankles where the ropes bit into them. Her body trembled—convulsed. 
How could they do this? 
Terry held her in his arms, cradling her as she sobbed. 
“What do you think you’re doing?” A large man blocked the light of the doorway, legs  apart. He ripped at the Soundimer around his wrist. “No one takes the girl till tomorrow!” 
“Like hell,” I muttered, dropping the rope and jumping up. The man narrowed his eyes on me and struck. Tins dropped from a shelf above me. I caught them, protecting Jack and Faye—then lunged for the man. I knocked him off balance but he braced himself on a wall. With a swift kick, his foot met the backs of my knees. 
Whoop! The wind was sucked out of me: I was on the floor. Someone shouted. Jack stood with his finger pointed at the man as if he were a naughty child. “Leave us the hell alone!”
The man snorted, taking a step to tower over him, my body switched to automatic. I tackled Tiger-Eyes’s feet, yanking them hard. He crashed to the floor, his Soundimer flying to the side, a couple of meters from my left.
“Let’s get out of here!” Terry swept Faye into his arms and barged out the shed. I motioned for Jack to follow but he seemed frozen to the spot.
The man stirred and I wasn’t sure how long I could hold him down. “Jack, get out!” I yelled. Why wasn’t he snapping out of it?
In one quick movement, the man shrugged me off, his foot kicking me in the mouth. I tasted blood. He heaved himself onto all fours, scanning the floor. 
Ignoring the pain, I sprung for the Soundimer. The man looked confused for a moment, before realization dawned on his face. “Give that back!” He spun around and grabbed Jack around the neck. He let out a gurgling gasp. 
My heart raced and I felt like I was choking too. 
What should I do?
The real magic of the Soundimer. It can read our minds. Jocelyn’s words came back to me. I jammed my eyes shut, trying not to focus on Jack but the man choking him. I squeezed the Soundimer and thought of his arms breaking. I opened my eyes but nothing was happening. 
Everything you need must be within a ten meter radius.
I glanced at the wall behind him and saw the rows of bird food. “Jack, shut your eyes!” I shouted, and in the same moment imagined food rained over the man. Packets exploded and bird food whizzed like hail toward him. He let Jack go, throwing his hands up to protect his face. 
Jack scrambled to the side, gasping for air. While the man was distracted I thought about the ropes and the masking tape on Faye’s mouth and imagined them bruising his skin. Within seconds, ropes tightened around his arms and legs.
Jack lightly touched my arm. “L-let’s go now.” But I couldn’t take my eyes off the man squealing through his nose on the floor. 
Jack tugged on my arm again. “He’s not worth it, just leave him.”  He tried to pull me toward the door.
“No!” 
He stopped. 
“He hurt you,” I said, “he’s a piece of filth—”
“I’m fine, Drake. Think of Faye. Let’s leave.” 
Faye. We had to take her back home. Make sure she’s okay. 
Jack was right.
But this was the man who’d kept her locked in a closet.
I spat at the man. “Don’t you ever hurt my friends again.” 
I left him squirming on the floor and followed Jack out.
Chapter 17

This time, I didn’t hesitate walking through the narrow path between the bird cages. I caught up to Terry, unrolled the blanket from my bag and draped it over Faye, who had her head buried in Terry’s chest. 
Jack tried giving her something to drink, but it was impossible.
Looking at Terry, I wondered how he was handling it with so little sleep; where he got the strength. His face was hard, eyes stony. Then he closed his eyes a moment and kissed the top of Faye’s head. 
I slowed, keeping Jack with me; I wanted them to have their privacy, and I wanted to check he was okay.
“Now I get what you mean. Why you wanted to figure out the mystery,” I said. He studied my face. “Whoever did this has to pay.”
“They will,” he said but there wasn’t the same conviction in his voice. He looked even, perhaps, a bit frightened. I stopped underneath an apricot tree outside the zoo entrance and pulled him toward the trunk.
Lifting his chin, I got a closer look at his neck. There’d be bruises there tomorrow. I lightly ran my hands from his neck to his shoulders and, meeting his eyes, said, “Are you alright?”
His gaze dropped from mine and he shrugged his shoulders. “Faye’s the one who’s . . .”
My arms enfolded him, and he leaned in and sighed. I gripped tighter, staring at the zoo entrance over his shoulder. I gritted my teeth together. Now I had even more reason to hate zoos.
Jack extracted himself from my grasp and gave me a fleeting glance. Just as he was beginning to walk, a crackling static came out of the nearest lamppost.
“A midday update on the electoral vote count. It’s looking like current mayor Bernlak Fitzroy is in the lead with 52% of the votes in his favor. Meanwhile, his main contender Dudley Chemming is well behind at 33%. Mayor Fitzroy, how are you feeling right now? Do you think you have it in the bag?”
“I certainly look forward to the possibility of a new term in office.” 
The voice sounded familiar.
“And Mr. Chemming, do you feel disappointed by this outcome? Were you expecting a closer race?”
“Indeed I was.” —The sound of gracious laughter—“But the day’s not over yet, and if I’m not elected this time, I’ll be back next round.”
We trudged down the streets, Terry in front. His arms looked like they were shaking. I reached out. “Hey man, pass her here. I’ll carry her for a bit.”
“No, it’s fine,” Terry said through a clenched jaw. 
I took a larger step forward to see him more clearly. “I’m not going to hurt her. Look, I’m sorry I made you come out yesterday. Really sorry. Believe me. But you’ll collapse if you keep this up. Just ten minutes. You can gather up your reserve strength and have her back.”
Terry’s eyes lost their icy exterior, and he blinked. I locked my arms under Faye’s arms and knees and Terry gently placed her sleeping head on me.
“It’s not your fault,” he whispered to me. “I’m sorry too.”
We walked through the park. When we passed the now dragonless chapel, Faye’s head rolled back. It moved so fluidly I stopped in my tracks. I put my cheek close to her mouth to make sure she was still breathing. Slowly, my pulse normalized. 
With Faye in my arms like this, I couldn’t help but be reminded of Raphael. 
This time it would be different. Faye would be okay. We’d saved her.
I’d carried her less than twenty minutes and Jack fifteen when Terry got agitated. “Let me take her again,” he said, striding alongside me. “We’re almost home.” 
He looked a wreck and tired as hell, but there was determination set in his posture. He wasn’t going to have it any other way. 
As I passed her back to him, Faye woke up. She jerked her body. “Let me go! Let me go!” she screamed. 
“Hey, hey, it’s us,” Terry soothed, helping her stand up rather than struggle free.
She cowered back from us, and something in her blue eyes was different; there was a look I’d never seen there before. It was cold and distant, and as she eyed each of us warily, I thought I understood what it was. 
Distrust.
Terry had his hand around her wrist and she wrenched it free, taking a step back. “Just... don’t touch me,” she said, looking around to gauge where we were before setting off toward the house. I wasn’t sure how good she was going to be on her feet, but either she didn’t notice her hurt ankles or she ignored the pain.
Terry picked up his pace, but I grabbed his arm. “Give her some space.”
I heard the sound of his teeth grind together, but he forced himself to trail behind with us.

* * *
Faye had locked herself in the bathroom by the time the rest of us got through the door. I heard the sound of the shower being turned on, the pressure of the water hitting the plastic walls somehow violent, like spraying gravel. 
Good for relaxing though, and winding down. She’d need that after what she’d been through. Hell, I needed it, and I was the least ragged of us all.
“Terry, she’s safe now,” Jack said. “You really should go rest.”

He raised his fatigued face, his expression pained. His eyes grazed the door where Faye was showering and he hesitated. “She might need to talk about it.”
“We’ll be here for her,” I said to him, leading him down to his floor. “If she asks for you we’ll wake you up . . . but you really need to—” I stopped short. 
What the hell had happened in here?
Terry’s room looked alien to me. Bed sheets were twisted and thrown onto the floor, his drawers were turned upside down and his clothes strewn everywhere, even his model robots were smashed, the little parts spread out all over the floor.
“Jesus. Get robbed?” I was shocked, and for the first time in the last couple of days there was an ever-so-faint line on Terry’s face that suggested a grin.
He flipped on his stomach onto the mattress, face in the pillows. “Gimme. . . other blanket.”
I passed him an additional throw-over and was almost out of the door when he patted the empty side of his bed. “Sit for a sec?”
Turning back around, I climbed onto the bed, jeans scraping over the tangled sheets and blankets, and sat next to him, back against the wall. “Yeah?”
He sighed. “I’m sorry.”
“For what?” I asked, picking at a feather coming through his pillow.
“For being such an ape—I get really worked up when it comes to Faye.” He paused. “I’m sorry I let her down.”
I dropped the stem of the feather. “Let her down? You did everything—”
He tried to shake his head but it didn’t work with his pillow in the way and he gave up. “It shouldn’t have happened in the first place. I should have never left her out of my sight.”
I firmly shook my head. This wasn’t his fault, he had to see that. “You can’t always be there, Terry. That’s not healthy.”
“I promised myself I’d never let her go through that again. It was just like what her parents had done,” his voice broke, “locked her up in a closet . . . I love her so much and I feel like I failed, like it may as well have been me to put her there in the first place.”
“That’s not—” true.
“And I know I’m still hurting her.”
I waited. I wasn’t sure what my role was for the conversation, but I was beginning to feel like I was just meant to let Terry get it all out, just to listen. 
“I think—I’m pretty sure she likes me, Drake. Likes me that way.”
I nodded. Because, yeah, I’d thought they were close. I wasn’t sure on the details though. “So she likes you, how does that hurt her?”
“Because I . . .” He squirmed and shifted himself into a sitting position, eyes downcast and mouth opening and closing like he wanted to explain, but wasn’t sure of the words. He found the feather jutting out of the pillow I sat on and tugged it out. “It’s just that I don’t like her back.” He paused a moment before quickly adding, “Not that way.”
I stared at him pressing and flattening the feather against his thigh, his Adam’s apple bobbing hard as he kept swallowing, and processed his words. I didn’t get it. “You don’t, but—I mean . . . and you just said you love her, so . . . ?” 
Terry bit his bottom lip, concentrating seemingly harder on the feather. “I know I”—His voice came out rough and he coughed—“I don’t help things. I love spending time with her and being close. I cross the line maybe, make it blurry. She hasn’t told me she likes me yet, but I know it. It’s going to come, and I don’t know how I’m going to break it to her.”
“I’m sorry, can I ask why not? I mean, you two flirt and get on really well and she’s attractive. . . . ”
“It’s just—” He shrugged. 
“It’s just what?”
“Nothing, it doesn’t matter.”
“Are you sure?”
He shook his head and a tear flung onto my leg with the force. Whoa, this was really hard for Terry. I shuffled closer and wrapped an arm around his shoulder.
“It’s just,” he breathed again, “she reminds me of my sister.”
“What?” My first thought was you see Faye as a sister? And my second thought had me gasping and saying aloud: “You have a sister? But—but you’ve never mentioned her.”
Terry rested his head on his knees and tears leaked over his pants. “Don’t tell anyone—especially not Faye.” He choked on a sob. “I lost my sister to leukemia. She was fourteen. We were really close. But no matter what I did, I could never protect her from it.” He rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand. “And Faye, she doesn’t know it, but she has the same eyes as Rebecca and I’ve always just—just . . . it was like a second chance, you know, to have a sister again.”
He curled himself onto the bed and I slid into a lying position next to him. “I’m so very sorry,” I said, stunned. 
“Thanks for listening,” he kept murmuring into the crook of my arm as he sobbed and I patted his back. Terry’s revelation put a whole new view on him and Faye and it made sense, why he insisted he go with her on her date, why I had the feeling he wouldn’t have liked her to go with any guy even if they’d met in person—he was protective of her. Like a close brother would be. Now that I knew, I could see it. 
But I could also see how Faye would mistake it, like I had, for something else—something romantic. I sighed, not knowing what I could do, or how I could help, except to be here until Terry drifted off to sleep. And to be there whenever he needed me in the future. 

* * *

Back upstairs, the table was covered in piles of paper, just the way we’d left it. I grunted and sat down. Time was running out and Jack and I were going to have to work fast. 
I was glad he was here—if I had to have chosen only one of my flatmates to help solve a mystery it would have been him. They were all clever, but Jack was determined, sharp as a knife. Or some better comparison. I was too tired.
“Here’s your tea.” Jack plunked a mug in a gap between some piles and sat back down at Faye’s laptop. He rested his forehead in the palms of his hands, and then, as if not to let on he had a weakness, ran his fingers through his hair.
I gulped some tea. “Crap that’s hot!” I took a deep intake of air to try cooling my burnt throat.
“Need a caution sign indented into the cup?” Jack said in an almost normal snarky-Jack way; but it was immediately followed by a sigh.
I frowned. “If you’re not up for this, take a breather. I’ll hold the fort a while.”
Jack laughed. “No offense. Or at least not much offense, but you need my help. We’ve only got like eighteen hours to figure this out and find the thing. Or bye-bye third floor.”
Have I said how much I hated the Berlin City Council?
Grrr.
Faye stomped into the room, ignoring us and heading for the fridge. 
“Hey, Faye,” I said gently, “Um,” I paused, not sure how to ask the next bit, “don’t want this to sound insensitive, I know it must’ve been a hard couple of days for you, but . . . did you notice anything about who took you? Anything that could help us find them?”
Looking at her expression made me wish I’d never opened my mouth. Her face was rigid and cold. She looked at me as if I was the one who’d locked her up.
Maybe she really did blame me.
“You know it must have been hard?” She shook her head. “You don’t know what it was like, so don’t pretend you do.” 
The venom laced into her words made me want to shrivel into a cocoon and hide. Never in the time I’d known her had she sounded so hostile.
Brave lion heart (Stupid?) Jack stuck his paw in. “Of course we don’t know. But right now we have to find who took the jewel.” 
Watching Faye’s face contort and darken made me kick Jack’s foot under the table. Just quit, maybe this isn’t a good idea.
That’s what I was trying to say.
Pity Jack just didn’t get it. Such a clever lad, and so dumb sometimes.
He turned to me, shaking his head. “What was that for?”  Then continued on to Faye, “Any info you have would be helpful.”
“Shut up, alright?” Faye shouted. Jack cringed. “You left me there. For two days!”
“We did everything we could,” Jack said bravely.
“Like hell you did. You don’t care about what it was like for me, all you want to know is anything that gets you that stupid jewel. I could’ve . . .  could’ve died, and here you two go on with this silly, stupid mystery!”
 She took a deep breath before continuing her rant. Both Jack and I sat speechless. “And Jack.” Her blue eyes were icy slits in Jack’s direction. “You’re a fucking awful person. So . . . cold-hearted.” Her voice went up an octave. “You know Drake and I are vegetarians. Why can’t you show some basic consideration and stop trying to force meat down our throats! And that’s only a small example of how much of a dick you are.” She made to leave the room, but swiveled back round to face Jack again. “And just admit that you’re in love with Drake. It’s so damn obvious.”
Jack’s face paled and his hand resting next to the computer shook; he drew his hands to his lap looking down, blinking rapidly.
The door slammed behind Faye, and Jack jumped with it—or maybe it was a shudder.
 “Don’t take anything she says personally,” I said, coming around to his side of the table and crouching in front of him. “She’s just upset. She’s had a rough couple of days.”
Jack gave a strained laugh. “Don’t take it personally? How much more personal could she get, Drake?”
Tentatively, I laid my hands on his knees. “If it helps, I don’t agree—”
“Of course you agree. At least you should. I know I’m not exactly thoughtful about your choices. I always say and do what I think even if it’s hurtful.” He turned his head away from me and between his teeth said, “She was right to call me a dick.” 
I placed a finger under his chin and made him face me. His eyes were glistening through a thick layer of tears that threatened to spill through his lashes. “The real truth is, though, that you do care. You have the most peculiar way of showing it, but I know it’s true. You want us to be healthy by making sure we eat iron, and you stole from me only to help me break a habit. Even if Faye doesn’t get that, right now, or ever . . . I do.
“As for the other thing,” I started. His body stiffened. “It really wasn’t so obvious to me. And now you’re over it, so . . .” I shrugged, “Whatever.” It hurt to say the last word.
But I swallowed it for him, like a friend should.
“I’m not . . .” Jack’s voice drifted off, leaving the rest of the sentence unfinished and me praying he’d continue, with something like ‘I’m not over you, you know.’ Instead, he said, “I’m not upset with her, Drake. All I want to do is find who did this to Faye and get even.”
I nodded, whipping my hands off his knees and shifting back to my seat, trying not to feel the disappointment as it jerked at my heart. “Right with you on that one.”
 I sifted through clues. Out of the corner of my eye I watched Jack pick up the green card with the handwritten threat and turn on the laptop. 
Absentmindedly, I picked up a tea stained news paper. 
Only the mayor has the decision making power to stop dragons being treated as slaves. 
The mayor’s voice from the interview this afternoon made its way back to memory. It had sounded so familiar.
“Jack, could you play me anything with mayor Bernlak Fitzroy’s voice? I think we have part of an interview recorded from when Terry and Faye talked to Rohesia.”
He clicked on something, then cursed under his breath. “Stupid computer.” He knocked the back of the screen as if that would miraculously fix the problem. 
After a minute, he murmured a “yes!” to himself. Then I heard voices. Jack turned up the volume.
“ . . . another round of campaign policy interviews,” the radio interviewer said. “First up we have Bernlak Fitzroy talking to us about his energy policy. Mr. Fitzroy, this must be the hundredth interview you’ve done in the last few months, all leading down to the election.”
Then I heard his voice again. “This would be my 127th to be exact.”
“That’s full on, not to mention you are running as the current mayor and have just introduced the compulsory child immunization program. When do you sleep?” The interviewer and mayor laughed together.
“As you well know, I have a full agenda for the coming term, should I get elected. One of the top priorities is my energy policy. I believe we have to start heavily investing in alternative energy sources . . .” 
“He supports the Dragon Slavery Abolition Movement, right?” Jack’s fingers rolled over the table sounding like the pitter patter of rain.
‘...Dragon-energy will be phased out...”
“Never mind,” Jack said.
 I grinned. “His voice is giving me a headache. There’s something about it . . .” 
“Know what you mean,” Jack said, muting the sound. “It’ll come back to me—er, us.” 
There was that boyish grin again.
“Yeah, it’d come back. Probably in the middle of the night when it’s the last thing we’re thinking about.” Didn’t it always happen like that?
Jack sat up straight as if my words had electrocuted him. His grin widened to a full-out smile. “I know where we’ve heard him before. Oh, that’s . . . interesting!”
“Tell me.”
He gave me a wicked smile. “I sort of like watching you suffer.”
I threw a pen at him. 
“It all makes so much more sense now!”
I scowled and he chuckled. 
“Okay, okay,” he said, “I’ll give you a clue. But I want it known for the record that I’m so much smarter than you.” He winked. 
Belly flip-flop. 
“So,” he said, “think dark like the night—that’s what tipped me off from what you said—and think of narrow spaces.”
Narrow spaces? The dark? The mayor’s voice?
He must have seen my confused expression because his face lit up some more. He practically glided his way into the kitchen. “Almost forgot I haven’t eaten in ages.” The fridge door swung open and Jack pulled out some leftover rice.
“Stop being so smug. Tell me!” 
I left the table and was by his side in a flash, so close I could smell his shampoo as well as his spicy deodorant. I wanted to touch him and dived to wrestle him, but he ducked under my outstretching arm, and put the container of rice on the bench. 
This time, when he faced me, I grabbed his wrist to stop him dodging me, the feel of his skin silky and supple under my thumb as if I could move it anyway I wanted and he’d let me. “Tell me.” I breathed in his ear. 
He looked up, searching my eyes, his own seeming to smile, then he closed them a moment, eyelashes kissing his skin, and cheeks slowly flushing with color. My face was inches from Jack’s, and I could feel his unsteady breathing.
 “If this,” he said quietly, “isn’t a big enough clue, you really are stupid.” 
I gasped inwardly, heart galloping.
It all came back to me, the night at the dragon protest. The narrow staircase, pitch black save a small slither of moonlight against the building wall. Hearing Professor Quincey arguing with someone. 
That other voice! It was the mayor’s. 
I looked into Jack’s brown eyes, leaning forward just a bit more. 
I remembered kissing him. How the heck could I not?
My hands touched the sides of his face. We were so close now it would take only a tilt of my head to feel the sizzling-ness of contact in all its intensity. 
“The argument was between Professor Quincey and the mayor,” I managed to say.
“Damn, I was hoping to call you stupid.” 
He said it in a whisper, inching closer. 
“Never mind, I’m sure another opportunity will present—”
I brought my mouth to his. 
My lips moved against his, softly at first. Then he grabbed my neck and slid his fingers through my hair, lightly pulling at the roots. The slight pain only concentrated the feel of him right there in front of me. I leaned in closer, the pull toward him so strong it was hard to resist meshing my body with his completely. I gasped.
He dropped one of his hands, elbow hitting the rice container behind him. It clattered as it fell to the floor. We withdrew from each other, the moment broken.
We bent down to clean up the mess. Rice had managed to disperse itself a good way around the kitchen floor. We both went to grab the container at the same time and our hands brushed. 
Jack seemed to be shaking as we straightened. “I thought you didn’t want this?” he said.
Didn’t want this? God I’d been stupid to ever think that. 
I was shaking my head and lifting my hands to gently cup the sides of his lightly stubbled jaw. 
Holding his gaze steady, my heart thumped hard against my chest as if to urge me just that much closer. I couldn’t ignore it and I didn’t want to. It was speaking so clearly and—
A gasp left me as the dream I’d had on my birthday came swirling back to mind. In the centre. It’s where the case is, it’s where it should be solved. Do you feel it?
I did feel it. This was the case, this is what I had to solve, and it was right there, in the center. It was in my heart all along. I took a deep breath, brushing his cheek with my thumb. “Sometimes you shouldn’t think. Sometimes you should just let yourself fall.” I stepped into him and said softly. “I want to fall with you. Let me?”
Jack let out a small gasp-cry and he turned his head to kiss my palm, breathing a warm ”yes”’. I cocked my head to see his better and steered him to look at me. His eyes were moist and he looked so serious, I couldn’t help but ask, “What’s wrong?” 
He slipped his arms around me and drew me closer. “Absolutely nothing.” 
He leaned in and when his mouth met mine I thought I would melt at the softness, the carefulness that was in that kiss—even, especially, the tiny amount of shyness coming through in our shaky breaths made me love it that much more.
Our hands traced each other’s backs, neck, spun through our hair and soon we were both pressing more tightly against each other, as if the layers of clothes between us were vast empty space between us that we could eliminate if we just pushed hard enough. 
I let my lips off his enough to trace over his jaw and neck. God he smelt so good, I drew circles over his skin with my tongue. Jack was shuddering the same way I was. 
It was beautiful and it wasn’t enough. 
Then somehow we’d sunk to our knees, uncaring of the bed of rice under us, and moments later Jack pushed me back onto the ground and pulled away from the gentle kisses to explore the contours of my chest with an achingly light hand. “You’re beautiful,” he said simply, and I wanted to shake my head and tell him he had it wrong—because the smile he gave me just altered the meaning of beauty, and he was it.
With one more kiss, I sighed against his lips. He must have mistaken the meaning of it as he removed himself off me with a worry soaked frown and flushed face. “Too much?”
I hurriedly pushed myself into a sitting position, brushing rice off my arms. “No, but—”
He said with a sad smile, “There’s always a ‘but’ with you and me.”
“No. It’s nothing like that. I meant what I said before. I—I want to be with you like this. . . Really. The sigh—it was only I wish it didn’t have to end, but we really should be cracking this case right now. There’s a lot at stake.”
Relief smoothed away his frown and he shoveled up the rice with the container. “Of course.”
He flittered back to the laptop, but before he sat, I snatched his hand. “Wait a tick, I thought you didn’t want this?”
His eyes twinkled with the tears welling in them. He shook his head. “I was never over you. That first time we kissed?” He looked at me. “One of the best moments of my life.”
I released a breath I didn’t know I’d been holding. 
“But I respect you too, and you didn’t want this.” He stepped back. 
“I didn’t get it. I thought you decided we were better as friends. Maybe you didn’t like me that way anymore.” 
“Oh,” he said almost as a laugh, “I do, Drake.” He gave me a smile and slipped on the chair, and added softly, “It’s been hard being around you the last week.”
“It wasn’t only you,” I answered just as quietly. “Every time I was around you—even when I wasn’t around you—you were always on my mind.”
“Really?” He blushed and looked down, a smile flirting at his lips.
“Absobloodylutely.”
He looked up again and we held each other’s gaze, bathing in its intimacy until the sensation was too strong to take anymore.
Nodding, he focused on the computer.
And just before he flicked the switch to work-mode, as I knew he would, I leaned in and kissed him once more, lightly on the forehead. 
His face lit with a melt-worthy smile. 

* * *

“The mayor didn’t want Professor Quincey to demonstrate,” Jack said. We were an hour into our investigations and I had only marginally recovered from the Kitchen Floor Revelation, as I would heretofore refer to the moment. It’d been hard to concentrate when I’d been playing, oh say, about a hundred different ‘extended’ versions of the scene—and the way Jack kept biting the end of his pen really wasn’t helping to snap me out of it. 
So it was his fault I had no idea what he was talking about.
“Did you hear me?” he asked.
“Huh, what’s that? Quincey not demonstrate what?”
 He chuckled. “I’d love to know where your head is,” he said, glancing briefly toward the kitchen. “But I said, it explains why the police didn’t interfere when it got violent.”
Oh right. I closed my eyes and concentrated on the facts. The case. 
I can’t give you any support just now. I wondered aloud, “But what did he mean when he said, things will change, but you’ve got to wait a few more days?”
Jack gave a short laugh, “Looks like the opportunity has come much sooner than I expected, stupid.”
I gave him a baffled glare, reddened, and said, “Okay. Point Jack. Elections, of course. He’d help if he won.” I bit back the: I’m only stupid right now because the only thing I can concentrate on is you. Because there was no way I’d ever say something as corny as that. Ever. 
Hopefully. 
Damn, concentrate!
“Sounds pretty arrogant if you ask me, assuming he’d win.” Jack picked up the green card and flicked it open to reveal the scrawled writing. 
Stop prying into matters that don’t concern children. 
Think of this as a warning.
“Children,” I scoffed, honing in on my annoyance as a way to side-track me into some real work. “We’re nearly adults. Besides, their actions are hardly mature.” 
On the laptop the video footage was still rolling. I focused on the image of Jack and me walking ahead. Neither our heads nor feet were in the shot, we were too close to Faye, so only our middles showed. I watched myself twist and walk backward. On screen Professor Quincey charged behind me, his face cast down.
“Ouch.” 
The camera stopped moving as Faye came to a halt. There I was, wobbling and almost falling to the ground. Terry’s hand thrust out and grabbed me by the arm, keeping me from tipping too far, Professor Quincey extended across the cobblestones at my feet.
When he stood up, I noticed how red he was. Strange how flustered he’d been, not to notice someone in front of him. 
“Must’ve had something on his mind,” I mumbled.
Jack murmured agreement. He made the video window smaller, taking up half the screen. On the other half he opened a second video of Walter’s house. 
“That’s where I want you,” he said. Pressing play, Faye entered Walter’s office.
My eyes jumped from footage to footage, watching as Terry and Faye walked up to Rohesia’s house. A bird swooped from one of the branches landing on a little patch of green lawn to suck up a worm. 
On screen, Terry came into view, pressing Rohesia’s doorbell. The door opened, and there was Rohesia, dwarfed in Terry’s shadow until Faye pulled him back.
Jack’s low voice cut my concentration, but what he said next made me cold, “It’s, without a doubt, Walter’s handwriting on this card.” He’d paused the video on a shot showing a hand-written letter on Walter’s desk.
“What?” 
Jack and I whipped our heads up to see Terry standing in the doorframe, eyes patchy and red from tears. 
“What did you say? Walter did this?”
I looked at Terry so forlorn and pointed to the green card Jack held. 
“It was Walter’s hand—” 
The rest of my sentence hung in the air. 
Flashes of everything we’d seen and collected over the past week patched themselves together like one massive patchwork quilt, and I was in the middle of it as it slowly cocooned around me, smothering all unnecessary thoughts but those of the case. More and more patches kept attaching themselves until they all were fit together and had formed a larger picture. 
It seemed to take forever for me to comprehend it; although to Jack and Terry it was probably not much longer than a few seconds. I gasped. 
“I know who did it.”







Chapter 18

Terry and Jack both looked dumbstruck. Neither of them said anything.
“So we know who’s done it. Now all we need is that little bit of proof.” 
And I was pretty sure I knew how to get it. 
“Jack, is there any test you can do to check the concentration of Soundimer magic?” He was still sitting there, staring at me but not at me.
Finally, he spoke, “Sure, I can check for traces of ultrasound radiation.”
“Good. Terry, I know you’re sleep deprived, but your skills would be handy. Um, but only if you’re up for it?”
Terry nodded, he knew what I was really asking. “You think I’m going to let you two have all the fun?” he said, snapping to his stoic Terry façade. “They hurt Faye and I want to make sure they pay.” His jawline was hard and his stare cold. “What do you want me to do?”
 “Eventually, I’ll need you to get onto the same receiver as the Drupes public radio channel to override their frequency. Plus, we’re going to need your walkie-talkie creations. Are they ready?”
“You bet they are.”
“If things don’t go our way, I’ll need you to play a recording.”
“What recording?” Jack frowned. The way his eyes glazed over told me he was trying to figure it out. 
“We haven’t recorded it,” I said, grinning at them, “yet.”

* * *
“You pack that book I gave you?” I asked, scanning the rows of picket-fenced houses.
Jack slapped his hand on his shoulder bag, and I heard it thud against the hard book underneath. 
To Terry I said, “You’ve turned it on? We’ll get into their frequency when the time comes?”
He nodded. “I’m practically a pro at this stuff. Faye taught me well.” 
It was the first time since Faye had been kidnapped that Terry sounded remotely himself. 
I smiled and looked up at the dragonless house behind Jack. “Let’s pay Rohesia Auber a little visit.”
I had hardly knocked once on the door when it swung open. Rohesia stood on the other side, hands on her hips, her diamond earrings glittering in the evening light. “Why am I not surprised?” she said when she took us in. She sighed. “Come in, come in.” 
Surprised at how easy that had been, I led Terry and Jack into Rohesia’s hallway.
“Where’s the other girl, anyway?” Rohesia shut the door behind us, ushering us into the living room. 
“She’s at home,” Terry said in a dangerously low voice, stepping forward. I threw out an arm, stopping him from lunging at the woman. “Too traumatized to confront you herself, after what you did to her.”
“Just a tick, Terry . . . I’m not sure yet she knows what you’re talking about.” 
I didn’t want to get into this with him right now. I turned to give Jack the signal, but he was staring, mouth agape, at the living room. 
I scanned the room; the two shelved walls stacked up with books were the only things that looked the same as at our last visit. I dropped my gaze to the empty clean floor and sofa. None of her clothes or food lay strewn about, and there was a strong potpourri smell wafting from the coffee table. 
Catching Jack’s eye, I winked. 
He coughed, then said to Rohesia, “Can I use your bathroom?”
Rohesia smiled coyly, plunking herself onto the sofa. “I’m sure that is an excuse for you to ravage through my things and find the proof you need. Up the stairs, first door on the left.”
I kept the frown I felt coming from forming. Rohesia was testing me, checking whether I’d give away any sign I knew the bathroom wasn’t there. That those were the directions to her bedroom.
Jack disappeared and I walked over to Rohesia’s degree. Next to it on her pin board was a flyer to Cinderella Has Syphilis. “Tell me,” I said. “How important is family to you?” 
“What does that have to do with anything?” 
Rohesia was petite, but she spoke with a strong, steady voice.
“I’d imagine Thomas is very important to you, for you to go to such lengths.” It felt weird to call Professor Quincey by his first name and I stumbled over my words. I turned away from her pin board, pacing the length of the clean room, gathering in a breath to continue. “He must be very fond of you, too, not to give you in,” I paused, and as an afterthought added, “or maybe he’s selfish.” I heard the satisfying sound of Rohesia sucking in air. “Yes. I think that’s definitely a part of it.”
“Why don’t you get to the point?” Rohesia said, but her voice was now shaky.
I moved back to her degree and tapped on it. “You’ve taken some of Beatrice Wymer’s courses.”
“I’m interested in geology and geochemistry.”
“Not enough to major in it though,” I said.
She pushed herself to her feet, crossing the room to me, she glanced at her degree. “Doesn’t mean I wasn’t interested in it.”
I smiled, looking down at her—she was a good half-head shorter than me. Come a little bit closer, Rohesia. “I imagine you were very interested. Until you found out everything you needed to know about dissecting and reconfiguring precious stone properties. After you figured out how to do that . . . ” 
Jack entered the room, holding up a pair of platform boots. “Just as you said, Drake. They reek of ultrasound radiation. It centers from the right boot.” 
I backed away from Rohesia’s paling face and took the boots off Jack. 
Lifting them, I weighed them in my hands, dropped the heavier one, and measured the distance between the inner and outer sole on the other. “Funny, don’t you think,” I said to her, coming closer as if to show her the secret she already knew “if you were wearing these boots, you’d be my height, and even taller than the guard you stood next to at the Berlin Museum of Natural History.”
 I pushed my finger through a cut-out inside of the boot and yanked the fake innersole out. “As I expected. A nice hollow compartment for your Soundimer and the Red Eye.”
Rohesia swallowed.
I laughed, throwing my hands about her pristine living room.  “It even explains why your house was such a mess the last time we visited. Taking the stone and rearranging its properties, that took a lot of energy, didn’t it? Blew a fuse in your Soundimer?” I shook my head. “D plus, Rohesia, I’m sure professor Wymer wouldn’t have been impressed. Well, it must be good to have it in running order again; this place truly was a pigsty.” 
“Professor Wymer thinks I did the right thing.”
“She said that?”
“’Course not, but she saw me there. She’s a smart woman—brilliant mind, she must’ve known what’d happened when the jewel disappeared.”
I thought about Wymer at the execution, protesting. She believed in the means were worth the cause too.
Terry tapped his leg impatiently on the floor. “Let’s just get the jewel and get going. We’ve got enough here to prove she did it.”
“But it’s not here, is it, Rohesia?” I lifted a brow.
She looked at me with large curious eyes. There was a hint of surprise mixed in with annoyance. “I didn’t expect you to get it, but I’m impressed. You’re clever, kid. Don’t let anyone tell you differently.”
I glanced at Jack who smirked back at me, holding his thumb and finger in a just a bit sign, before he said, “Want the book?”
I shook my head. “Later. First, we’re going to see the man in charge who’s using the Red-Eye. The man who seems so idealistic but really is so . . . corrupt.” I narrowed my eyes and added between gritted teeth, “Who kidnaps and tortures those in the way of his goals.” I looked at Terry and Jack. “Rohesia’s going to take us to him.”
“You’re clever,” she said, “but I’m not stupid, and you said it yourself, I’m loyal. So why would I do that?”
I thought about her answers to Terry and Faye’s questions. How sincere she’d been that criminals be integrated back into society. Then I thought of her at the dragon protests and how she had no dragon on her roof. With this in mind, I answered, “Because you’ll want to protect your cause.”
“If I take you to see him, we lose anyway. The dragons lose.” Her eyes pierced mine, firm, “This is much bigger than me. I’m expendable. I believe, will always believe, I did the right thing. I’m sorry, but I won’t do it.”
“This is your best offer at redemption.”
Rohesia looked down at her shoes, shaking her head.
“You want to protect your cause,” I repeated, and she frowned. “So trust me. Get your coat.” Then I turned to Terry, pulling himself off the couch, and asked, “Did you get the recording?”
* * *
Jack and I waited in a small backroom of a shoe store being used as a makeshift office. We could hear the whoops and cheers of triumph and the clattering of glasses as people celebrated the election results. Music turned on, drowning chatter and elated voices to a buzz in the background. I tapped my foot to the beat, hoping it didn’t give away my nervousness.
“You alright, Drake?” Jack asked, leaning on the wall next to me. We were both looking out a large square window, overlooking a pylon. “Do you think Rohesia won’t do it?”
“That’s not the problem. Terry’s at the square with the recording and if she doesn’t bring him it’ll be bad for them both.” I moved to the desk chair and sat, swiveling. “I remember how disgusted I was when I first found out this jewel was stolen. I couldn’t understand anyone who would want to steal from dying children. And don’t get me wrong, that sucks. But . . . I can’t help but wonder if we shouldn’t let them keep it.”
I thought Jack would gasp and ask me how I could think such a thing, but he nodded. “You may be right, but what about our house, Drake?”
My teeth clenched at the image of the red and white cordoning off the front of Faye’s door. “I don’t know.”
Jack stopped the chair swiveling, standing behind me. I leaned my head back to see him upside down. “Even if we did leave it with them,” I said, “he shouldn’t just get away with it. What he did to Faye was wrong. He doesn’t deserve a break.”
“Not personally, no . . .” Jack paused, then said softly, “But should the cause suffer? Don’t they deserve their freedom?”
Like we deserved ours. 
The door handle rattled and I jumped up. Rohesia entered the room with the man who’d kidnapped Faye behind her. I swallowed my urge to lunge at him. 
Didn’t stop me imagining kicking him in the groin, though.
“Bernlak Fitzroy,” he introduced himself, stretching out an arm. I ignored it and he used it to straighten the jacket of his pin-striped suit. In real life, the mayor looked much older and less attractive than in his campaign pictures.
“I’m sure you know who we are and why we’re here,” I said. 
He smiled, but it stunk of impatience. It was obvious he felt he had nothing to fear. “Rohesia told me of this little . . . predicament,” he said, as if unnerved with the consequences. Like he’d rather get back to celebrating his electoral win. I wanted to kick him more, and felt Jack’s hand on my shoulder restraining me. 
I took a deep breath. “Ironic, isn’t it? You kidnapping my friend because you didn’t want us to find out you have the Red Eye so soon, and yet it was only because you took her we pieced everything together so quickly.” A shadow briefly passed over his face. I was getting to him. Good. “You see, it’s all about motivations. Actions really do speak louder than words.” I faced Jack. “The book and the tape recorder, please.”
Jack passed me the palm-sized grey machine and Uses of Mystical Minerals. I pressed the play button and watched as Bernlak Fitzroy’s eyes widened at hearing his own voice. “This would be my 127th to be exact.”
Then came the interviewer: “That’s full on, not to mention you are running as the current mayor and have just introduced the compulsory child immunization program. When do you sleep?”
I paused it and opened the book to the earmarked page and read: 
Dissolved in citric acid and taken in small doses, Red Eye has the ability to boost one’s energy without the need to sleep.
Bernlak Fitzroy almost looked relieved. “There are plenty of drugs that boost energy. There’s nothing here that paints me as a criminal.”
I smiled back at him and continued to read, 
While Red Beryl’s capabilities to alter electric circuitry could be useful in technological advancement, it can be abused to manipulate technologies such as computers, cell phones, voting machines. . . 
I let my voice trail off. 
Bernlak Fitzroy’s face had turned sour. “You have no proof.” He barely kept his voice steady.
His attention turned to Jack as he spoke, “There is a very simple test for that. If anyone were even remotely suspicious, if anyone even mentioned the possibility of you having cheated, people will look into it.”
“Perhaps we should tell you,” I said, “we have a recording that we’ll present on air, should this . . . transaction not go smoothly.” 
“You’re bluffing.”
“Really?” I motioned Jack to open the window, and pulled out the walkie-talkie Terry had given me. “Start it up.”
From the pylon outside, a static snapped the air and my voice sounded. ‘. . . the man in charge who’s using the Red-Eye. The man who seems so idealistic but really is so . . . corrupt. Who kidnaps and tortures those in the way of his goals.”
Bernlak Fitzroy glared at me. 
“Do you want this to go on, or should I stop?”
He looked like he wanted to snap that still wasn’t proof, but wasn’t sure what would come next, if we had more.
His jaw hardened. “What’s this about a transaction?”
I told Terry to quit, and the static disappeared.
“You can’t expect the jewel back,” Bernlak said. “It’s used up.”
“You’re getting way ahead of us,” I said, smiling. “Calm down.” 
I loved the effect patronizing an adult had, the way their faces twitched and their voices rose in pitch almost to a whine. 
I turned to Rohesia. “His motivation,” I pointed to Bernlak Fitzroy, “was to win the election. But that wasn’t the reason you stole the jewel.” Again, I saw the image of the bird sucking up a worm and then giving it to its young. “You stole it and manipulated the jewel for him to use,” I quoted the piece from the Drupes Herald, “because ‘Only the mayor has the decision making power to stop dragons being treated as slaves.’ That’s what you were promised.”
Rohesia’s shoulders slumped, but she nodded slightly. I turned back to Bernlak Fitzroy, who now looked a funny shade of green. I heard Professor Quincey’s words as if he was in the room: your means to the end are questionable and a little more than self-centered. “We overheard you talking to Professor Quincey.” 
Bernlak Fitzroy’s head snapped up. “Did he tell you this?”
“No. You threatened him not to.” Keep your mouth shut and you won’t have to worry about that. “Not that he would have said anyway. He loves his sister too much to do that.” And that’s why he was so flustered when I’d bumped into him on the way to her house. He must have just found out what she’d done.
“No,” Rohesia spat. “You’re wrong. He doesn’t love me too much. He hardly loves me at all. I stole it because I wanted him to take me seriously. For him to know just how much I cared about him. He barely treats me better than one of his students. No. The reason why he didn’t—wouldn’t say anything is because he loves dragons too much.”
I looked into her eyes and saw the hurt spilling out of them as if she were crying. 
“It was because you went to see Cinderella Has Syphilis that you knew we were detectives. You heard Avice shouting at me and you recognized Terry and Faye from their visit. You followed us—saw we went up to your brother’s office. That’s when you got scared. When you thought we were catching on.” I paused to catch my breath and continued, “You found our email addresses on the university contact list and sent us the first threat. If you don’t let this case go, death will come. But you weren’t trying to threaten us with our lives. You meant more and more dragons would die and you thought we already knew that the dragons were connected to the missing Red Eye.” 
Jack walked up to Bernlak Fitzroy. “But when Rohesia warned you we knew something about what was going on, you were the one to organize Faye’s kidnapping.”
He sneered. “I didn’t care who it was, it just had to be one of you.” I felt my nails dig into my flesh. “Actually I hoped it was the one frightened of birds. Yes, Rohesia passed that tidbit onto me too. She really isn’t as sweet as she seems. She can be quite the bitch.”
Jack turned to Rohesia, “You knew that we were going to be at the execution and you told him. Question is, did you have any idea what he was going to do to us? That he tied up our friend and locked her up in a zoo?”
Rohesia shook her head, and when she spoke, she directed it to Bernlak Fitzroy. “That’s why you wanted to keep tabs on where they were? Is that true?”
Bernlak Fitzroy straightened his back and squared his shoulders. “Sometimes the end speaks louder than the means.” He threw me a disgusted look. I heard my blood pumping faster when he continued. “I would have released the girl tomorrow. I just needed you others preoccupied until the election was over. After I won.” He smiled. “Of course, now it is over now. And I did win.”
Jack turned to me. “Did you get all that, Drake?”
I pulled out the walkie-talkie again. Rewound and hit play. “Safe to say I did.”
Then I swung my fist, hitting Bernlak Fitzroy in the nose. He stumbled backwards in surprise. Scowling, he rolled his fist into a tight ball and thrust it toward me. I jumped, but not quickly enough, and felt the blow land on my chest. I gasped for air. At the same time he threw another one.
Pain exploded in my lip and nose, and I tasted blood.
Jack was shouting behind me, but I couldn’t make him out; my rage had taken over and nothing else mattered. Another couple of blows came to my face and I retaliated by kicking Fitzroy in the groin. He doubled in pain and I felt the edges of my lips rise.
I went to kick him again but chairs appeared between us.  I glanced round to see Rohesia with her Soundimer moving things around the room to barricade us. 
Jack grabbed my arm. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?”
I shrugged out of his grip. “He hurt Faye. I owe it to her, to Terry, to make him pay!”
“You got him. Now lay off,’ Jack whispered, then raised his voice toward the others. “We are here for a transaction. Give us what we want, and we won’t leak this piece of evidence.”
“You won’t get anything if I take that from you.” The walkie-talkie I held disappeared from my grasp, reappearing in Bernlak’s. A smile stretched his cheeks and he twirled his Soundimer around one finger. 
I cocked my head and smiled.
“See, we might be kids,” I said, “but we aren’t stupid.” I motioned to Jack, who pulled his walkie-talkie from the back of his pants. “And there’s no use taking that, too. The recording has already been sent to others.”
Bernlak Fitzroy froze, for a second I thought he might jump the barricade and charge at me. Then Jack spoke:
“Consider it a win-win, Mr. Fitzroy.”  He faced Rohesia. “You stole the jewel to get your brother to recognize you, and that is incredibly selfish. That jewel was going to be sold for little children who are dying of cancer, who have parents and siblings they might never get to see again. At least you’ll still have yours. Try going to therapy or something. There are people who have it worse.”
Jack spun to Bernlak Fitzroy. “You—you wanted the jewel to tamper with the voting booths so you’d win; that’s not only selfish, it’s harmful and undermines the meaning of democracy. You should be ashamed—should be made to step down. And, by the way, you deserve Drake to kick you in the groin a hundred times over. But as much as I’d like to see you writhe in pain, I don’t want Drake anywhere near you, because if you so much as scratch him one more time, I swear I will hurt you much worse.” He motioned to the walkie-talkie. “Starting with this.” 
Jack stepped to my side, motioning for me to continue. “You getting what you deserve,” I said sharply, “isn’t all at stake here. You will make good on your promise to end dragon slavery and phase out using them as an energy source, won’t you?” 
Jack waved his walkie-talkie. 
“And not only that” I said, looking between Rohesia and Bernlak Fitzroy, “if we keep this little secret, we expect you to pay for it. Triple its value.”

* * *

It was four in the morning by the time we got back. Terry swayed, waiting for me to open the door. “Would have liked to bring him down completely. Or at least get to be the one to throw the punches,” he grumbled. For the fiftieth time since picking him up after confronting Bernlak Fitzroy.
“Just be glad your face is still pretty.” I waited until Jack passed me and closed the door. “I look like I’ve been graffitied on by amateurs.” I put a hand to my swollen eye and traced over my cut lip. “This is so much worse than the black eye Avice gave me.” 
“He better hope he never sees me again,” Terry said. 
Jack yawned. “Totally knackered. Christ, don’t think I can keep my eyes open.”
“Not even for a victory drink?” I pulled out three soft velvet pouches from my bag and jiggled them in front of their noses. 
“I wish.” He leant on the staircase, closed his eyes and inhaled deeply.
“You’re probably walking dead, too,” I said to Terry.
“Swaying dead. I gotta crash, man . . .” But first Terry disappeared up the stairs toward Faye’s room.
I lead Jack to his room. 
“You can celebrate in here, if you want,” he said as he flopped back on his bed. He kicked off his shoes, blinking in a stream of sunlight that hit his eyes. I wondered how he managed sleeping on this floor and living by British time. I shut his curtains, but still a little light framed the edges, giving the room a slight orange glow.
In half sleep, Jack unzipped his jeans and shimmed out of them. 
Yikes, that was hot.
I quickly sat myself on his armchair (piled high with clothes just like my own) and looked away. 
I waited until I heard him dive under the covers before looking at him again. His dark hair vividly contrasted against the white pillowcase. With his eyes shut he really did look like an angel. 
Not wanting to wake him, I tiptoed out the room back to mine. 
Sliding into some boxers, I made sure my alarm was set for 7:45, and jumped into bed. 
Just as I started to doze, a loud base thumping above me made my bed jump. Four-thirty in the morning? The walls reverberated and I heard a whiny singing. It was definitely coming from Faye’s room. Even through the pillows I’d jammed over my head, I heard the pumping music. 
“Faye!” I pulled on a T-shirt and stomped up to her room, although against the music she couldn’t have heard my footsteps. My teeth ground together and I thrust the door open, ready to storm in and take her stereo away. 
Faye was heaped in the middle of her bed, bawling her eyes out. She hadn’t noticed that I’d come in. My jaw slackened and guilt pricked my insides. 
I really could be a prick.
Poor Faye. Something was up with her. I thought of her outburst at Jack and now this. I’d have to check with Terry what he thought about it; whether she’d be okay. 
I stepped out the door and shut it carefully. None of us really had any idea what she’d been through. Whatever it was, something within her had snapped, and I bloody well hoped we would be able to help fix it. Make her whole again.
I rummaged in my drawers for some earplugs and my hand clutched onto a packet of cigarettes. 
God, to have one right now. Just one. 
You have had a hard day. . . 
I flipped the pack open and drew one out. My fingers shook with the temptation, wavering between bringing it closer and pushing it out of reach. Finally, I had the filter between my lips. I reached for my lighter. 
I flicked it on and stared at the flame warming my thumb knuckle. All I had to do was let the hot orangey tongue lick my cigarette, then with one breath I’d have smoke caressing my throat and lungs, soothing my insides. It would be so easy. 
But I couldn’t bring the lighter any closer. As I clutched it, the hard metal reminded me of plunging my hand into Jack’s pocket to pull it out, and how much I wanted to be with him right now.
I could replace one addiction with another, and I had the one I really wanted now. 
Dropping the lighter, I wiped the tobacco grains from the squished cigarette off my hand and jumped back into bed. 
I’d make sure I got a dose of my new addiction, first thing in the morning.

*  *  *

Violin screeches of Faye’s doorbell woke me in the end. I twisted in my sheets and my leg caught. Off balance, I tumbled to the floor. “Crap!” It was only half past seven. I’d slept three hours if I was lucky.
I slid into some jeans, grabbed the velvet pouches and ran up to Faye’s floor. It looked like I was the only one up. “Detective Wurz,” I greeted, yanking open the door, a much more cheerful tone coming from me than I’d anticipated. Especially considering the red-tape and construction vehicles I could see over his shoulder.
“Good morning.”
“Come in.” I gestured him into the house and lead him to the kitchen. Once he’d sat himself at the table, I threw two of the pouches to him keeping the third to myself. “Red Beryl is gone. There’s no possible way of reclaiming it.” 
He was staring at me with a thoughtful expression. “What happened on your face?” he said.
“The cost of truth.” I could still feel the sting of my cut lip and the tenderness of my cheeks. “We did everything we could, but there is no Red Beryl anymore.” I pointed to his pouches. “Instead we got you compensation for the kids with cancer.”
Detective Wurz’s eyes widened when he opened a pouch. He pulled out a diamond necklace and matching earrings.
“They are worth two times as much as Red Beryl.” I watched him study the jewelry and added, “It’s the best we could do.”
The door to the kitchen opened and Jack waltzed in, his hair spiking out in all directions, rings under his eyes, wearing only his boxers. “Drake, you couldn’t turn off your alarm?”
I grinned. What? And miss seeing him like this? Never.
Detective Wurz moved and Jack jumped. As if suddenly conscious of his dress, he jumped on the sofa, pulling a blanket over him. “You’re early.”
Detective Wurz gave him a short nod. 
Jack looked at the diamonds in his hands. “They are real, you know. I checked. You better stick to your end of the bargain.”
“When these make as much money as Red Beryl, then I help you. You get to have your house a bit longer,” Detective Wurz said.
“How much longer?” Jack asked.
“Maybe three months.”
I sucked in air. “Maybe? Is that all?” 
“Berlin City Council—it’s tough to make them to listen. Pain in the—what do you say?—butt? But I know someone. Three months should be good.”
“Is there no other way to save it?”
“Can you afford to buy the place?”
I gripped the last pouch. “If we could?”
He snatched up a stray, doodled bit of paper from the table and scrawled something down. “Ring this man, he can help you.”
I took the number and held it like a lifeline. We were going to get a long term solution. 
Our home was safe.
 “I go now.” Detective Wurz stood up and stuffed the pouches into his pockets.
“Sure.” 
Thank God he didn’t want to stay any longer. I had no idea what else to say to him. At the door I watched him rip off a part of the red and white cordoning to pass through the gate. Faye would be relieved that her floor was safe, even if she wasn’t in the right mind to fully appreciate it. 
I sighed and shut the door. Jack had straightened his hair, but still wore only boxers. What was he trying to do to me?
I cuffed his wrist and pulled him down the set of stairs to my room. Before he could let out a ‘what?’ I pushed him up against my wall. “You want to know what better addictions there are to help me stop smoking?” 
I looked into his smiling, teasing eyes.
“What?” he said, glancing at my lips and licking his own.
But as I leant down to kiss him, he smuggled his way out of my grasp. I swung round to see him grinning. Now it was my turn to ask, ”What?”
“It’s going to cost you,” he said. 
I met his grin. “Darn, I was hoping to save a few quid with this no smoking business.”
He jumped into my bed, kneeling in its middle. “Come here.”
I climbed on the bed next to him. “Just how is it going to cost me?” I leaned in to kiss him, but he clapped a hand over my mouth.
“How about you can have a kiss for every question you answer?”
I pretended to think about it for a moment, weighing up the pros and cons. 
“I don’t know,” I said, “I rather like it when you don’t know everything.”
He punched me lightly in the arm, and we play-wrestled each other until we were horizontal. Me on top of him (for about five seconds), then him pinning me down.
“I’ll ask again. You willing to pay?” he almost brushed his lips across mine, pulling back too quickly.
“This is extortion.” 
“You love it.”
I did.
“What do you want to know?”
“Tell me about the threatening note Walter wrote. I’ve been trying to piece it together myself and it’s getting to me. I just have to know.”
I smiled. No one else could be so Jack.
He really was such a nerd.
“A couple of things made me understand.” I tried to nip a kiss from him, but he wasn’t close enough. And jeez, he was strong!
“Good try. But not good enough.” He leaned to my ear. “Spill!”
“Fine. It bugged me for ages, too. There was always something about their fight in the museum I thought I’d missed. And I had. It wasn’t about Walter dying at all. It was about Avice.” 
The conversation played in my head. How much longer? I cleared my throat and explained, “She was impatient about how long it took to snag a guy.” Not long. You’ll see. Don’t worry. “Her Grandpa assured her it wouldn’t be too much longer.” Don’t you think mum should know? So she’d understand? If she found out any other way. . . . “Avice wasn’t sure if she should tell her mum about her plans to pretend to fall in love with a guy to get him to marry her. She tried to convince Walter her mum would be pissed if she found out what she was doing, but Walter told her it was nearly all done anyway, she may as well go through with it.”
“She acted her relationship? It was a lie?”
I wanted to smooth the frown on his face, but, you know, that was sorta impossible with his knees locking my arms to the bed. 
“Don’t know if it was all a lie. But certainly it wasn’t all honest.” You can’t always trust an actor. 
“What tipped you off?”
“When I first went into her room scouting for evidence, I looked at her music collection, and it sucked.”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“A lot. It seems that when she met Jerry, she suddenly developed musical taste. She just loved everything he did. Now, while his style ain't quite my thing, it was a hell of a lot better than what I saw in her room.” I just love Mozart. You have no idea how much it excites me that you’re also a fan. “When he proposed to her he said ‘I like dancing with you to our favorite songs.’ But it was a lie. There was no way those were her favorite songs. She was playing him the whole time.”
Jack levied all his weight on my chest as he leaned in to hear more, his breath flittering over my face, lips curling into a teasing smile. I hurried to explain:
“The tipping point came with Walter’s threat. Avice was sick of having us lingering around and pushing our noses into their lives. There was so much worry in her voice at the bar when she’d asked me what we knew about her, and she’d been so angry at the theatre.” 
I squirmed under him, trying to get his lips just that much closer, but Jack just laughed and sat back up. 
“Keep going,” he said.
I gave him my best evil eyes. “Fine. Remember how she came alone to the theatre without her boyfriend or friends, even though they were visiting Drupes for the first time? She didn’t want him to know about us. Detectives finding out her true motives for dating him . . . That’s why she and Walter wanted to threaten us; they wanted us to keep our distance so we wouldn’t disturb their plans. So Walter followed us and slipped this threat in my bag.” I remembered being shoved at the dragon execution. It had to have been then.
“In the end, things fell into place because of the color of the card Walter wrote the threat on.”
“Green card,” Jack said and jumped, almost enough to let me free but not quite. “Their whole motivation laid out for us and we were blind to it!”
“Yep, she loved New York, she wished she could walk through her door in Drupes and be there. I read that in her diary. I knew taking it would come in handy.” 
Jack glowered at me; but it didn’t last long.
“So she was after a green card. Poor Jerry. It’s quite sucky for him.”
“Yes, sucky for him. But knowing the answer isn’t quite so sucky for me.” In one quick motion I jerked, throwing him off-balance enough to gain the upper-hand. I grabbed his arms and pinned them above his head. And I have to say, he wasn’t fighting that hard. 
“Not so sucky for you, eh?”
“Well, I guess that depends on how I kiss you,” I said and felt, so much as saw, the response to that.
But if he could tease. . .
So could I.
The little devil on my shoulder couldn’t be shushed this time, no matter how hard Jack tried.
I lowered my face and ran my eyelashes across his neck, butterfly-kissing him all the way up to his chin. He laughed. “Shit, it tickles! Stop.”
I stopped his shrieking with a light kiss on the mouth and drew back. “Hmm, I do like this payment method. I want another one. Next question!”
He pushed herself into a sitting position and rested his head against the wall. “Now I wish I had more than three questions.”
“Sure we can come to some arrangement.”
Jack nudged his foot into my side, smiling. “What about Beatrice Wymer? Why was she wearing an extremely large coat when it’s obvious she takes her figure seriously?”
He certainly liked all loose ends tied up. A true sleuth! A nerd of mega proportions. 
I twisted onto my belly and took one of his feet. “Wow, you have hairy hobbit feet.” Jack yanked his foot out of my grasp. “I’m kidding,” I said. “They’re not that small.”
Growling, he hid them under the blanket. 
“Guess that’s what you get if you fall for someone from New Zealand, huh. Did you ever audition for—”
“Shuddup.” Then after a moment added, “I was only an extra.”
I cracked up. The good belly-tightening kind.
“Maybe I don’t want to know any more answers after all,” Jack said, scowling. But he was also grinning. Whether he’d admit it or not.
“Fine.” I threw up my hands. “What do you remember about Beatrice Wymer’s office?”
“There were a lot of rocks, precious and semi-precious jewels.”
“Did you notice the screen behind her desk showing stones being zoomed in on from all angles?”
“Faintly.’
At the zoo I saw a sign on the outside of the reptile house. ‘Use of cameras in here prohibited; no taking photos, please. It frightens the animals.’  At the museum they had similar signs prohibiting the use of digital media.” I looked at Jack’s curled lip and I knew he’d gotten it. 
“She wore the large jacket to hide her video camera.”
I grinned mischievously. “Yup. That was easy. Now for my next kiss!” I seized his foot from under the blanket. Jack laughed and tried to squirm free. He grabbed a pillow and threw it at me, but I continued bringing his foot closer. “Really?” he said, another pillow ready in his arms.
Looking into his eyes, I ran my tongue over his large hairy (okay, not that hairy) feet, ending with a kiss on his ankle. “Really.”
Jack buried his head into the pillow, then peeked out the top, and said in a quiet voice, almost a whisper:
“You rock my world, Drake.”
My insides melted and plummeted into some never-ending abyss. It was like the thrill you get when you freefall, and little electrical shots, combined together. 
I pulled on his legs until he was lying flat on the bed and held him close. I didn’t—
couldn’t let him go. Couldn’t stop lightly pressing kisses into his neck and then on his lips. My arms tightened around him and his around me and our breaths bounced against each other’s and it was perfect. I wasn’t sure how long we stayed that way, but soon Jack was asleep, and not long after, so was I.

* * *

When I woke up, Jack was gone and my muscles ached from sleeping in jeans. I looked at the alarm clock, it was already evening; I’d slept the day away. Yawning, I dragged myself to the shower, and after I freshened up, spent a good two minutes scrubbing my teeth and tongue—didn’t want to repel Jack with sleep breath.
I found Terry and Jack sitting at Faye’s laptop at the kitchen table. Jack was wearing a black shirt and jeans, hair-brushed and generally more groomed. Had he dressed up? Hot.
“Anything interesting?” I asked them, suppressing the urge to grab him then and there.
“If paying bills is interesting, then yeah, we’re having a hoot.” Jack rolled his eyes, but flashed me a smile. 
Terry went to the fridge. “Man, I’m starved!”
“Bunch over a sec?” I pushed my hands in front of Jack, onto the keyboard, and opened up my eBay account. “Excellent!” I cried. “The Shape of Punk to Come made us 450 pounds.”
Jack’s face darkened. 
“Isn’t it good that we have enough for food this month?” I asked.
“That’s great, Drake,” he said, and in a low voice added, “Just wish you didn’t have to sell such a meaningful possession.”
I heard Terry gasp, but there was no way he could have heard us. I looked up and my mouth dropped open. Faye strode into the room with dyed black hair, shimmering blue. 
What the hell?
Terry wore that exact expression on his face. The juice he’d been pouring into his glass began overflowing. “F-Faye,” he stammered. “Your hair.”
“What about it?”
“Um, it’s—nice?”
I wasn’t so sure I’d call it nice. It wasn’t that it looked bad, it was that it looked badass. 
And that just wasn’t the Faye I knew.
Terry, finally aware of orange juice spilling on his shoes, grabbed a kitchen cloth and wiped it up, but I could tell he was carefully watching Faye from the corner of his eye.
“Anything you’d like for dinner?” Jack asked, staring at the back of Faye’s head, eyes wide. Was he trying to make it up to her for his past dinners?
Faye didn’t answer, just opened the fridge, took out a yoghurt container and left the room without even getting a spoon. Terry frowned, obviously agitated. He hung the cloth over the tap and followed her. I blocked his way. 
“Don’t think she’s in the mood for talking right now. Leave it a bit longer.”
“This isn’t right,” he said, voice shaky.
“I know,” I said, “It’s not—this isn’t her—and we will all do our damndest to get our Faye back. But for now, maybe she needs a little time to vent?”
“But—” He looked wistfully over my shoulder. “She’s my Faye, I can’t just stand here when I see she’s hurting.” With that, he pushed past me. A couple of seconds later, I heard him stopping Faye on the stairs.
Jack came over and swallowed me in a hug. “Terry needs this,” he whispered. “I know if it were you, I’d be on your heel, too.”
I nodded. “You’re right. I just—I don’t want to make it worse, you know?”
“I know.” 
Then we heard Terry and Faye talking. “I just don’t understand,” Terry said. “You seem different, this isn’t you.”
“Isn’t it, Terry? Then can you tell me what is, because I just don’t know. This Faye might be closer to the real Faye than anything I’ve tried yet.”
“But—”
“And maybe this way, you don’t look at me like a . . . like a sibling anymore.”
I heard his shocked intake of breath or maybe it was my own. 
“How did you—”
“I came down wanting to apologize for being shitty to you for carrying me home, but you were with Drake and your door was open—I heard everything.”
“Oh Faye, I’m so sorry.”
“No. Look, I can’t do this right now. It hurts too much, because you were right about me, about what I thought of you. And, the truth is, I’m just going to need some time.”
The doorbell rang, covering Terry’s words. 
“What does she think of him?” Jack murmured against my cheek.
I entwined my hand with his: now that Faye knew, we’d have to let Jack know the truth soon too. Once I realized Faye knew, her lashing out over the last couple of days made more sense. Like how she’d snapped at Jack; maybe it wasn’t really about him at all. I felt sorry for her, for having been kidnapped, and then worse, on top of it, having her heart broken.
I kissed Jack lightly on the lips. “No matter what Faye said to you—no matter what she might say, I want us all to be there for her.”
He squeezed my hand. “We will be.”
He tried to pass me, but I shook my head. “I like you right here.”
“I like being here.”
Our eyes flirted a moment, and I cocked my head. “Earlier you said there were three questions you wanted me to answer. What was the third?”
He looked at me, then over my shoulder to the stamping of ascending feet. “We’ve got company.”
“Was it about the mystery?”
“No. This one was . . . private.”
I gulped. “Private?”  
He leant in, our bodies meshing as he whispered in my ear. “Tell you later.”
“I just knew it,” a chirpy voice called from the doorway. We both jumped apart in time to see Chrissy wink.
Band practice! How could’ve I forgotten? 
“Ah—” I started.
I looked at Jack’s smug face and I knew he was happy Chrissy had caught us. He clutched my hand tighter and raised a bloody cute brow.
Ah, my competitive, nerdy, buzz kill.
How did I not fall for him sooner?
I detangled our hands, nervously glancing over Chrissy’s shoulder.
“Oh, is it a secret or something?” she asked cheekily. 
I looked Jack. Was it a secret? Should it be a secret? I didn’t think Terry would have a problem with it, and Faye seemed to know, or at least to have guessed already.
Still, I wasn’t sure I was ready to have things official. Wasn’t quite there yet. Jack seemed to read my mind because he frowned ever-so-slightly, then nodded. 
“Yeah secret.” 
“My lips are sealed,” she said, drawing an invisible zip across her lips.
Ben and Simon came in the kitchen chatting with Terry. “Have you read the Manic Hedgehog review?” Simon threw a magazine at me. “Page twelve.”
My hands were shaking as I scanned the review. “A touch derivative?” I scowled and continued reading. I grunted at the word amateur, but then again, wasn’t that what we were? My lips curled up at the last sentence. “All in all, a band with promise.” I chucked the magazine to Simon. “Not bad, I suppose.”
“Not bad? Not bad! That’s a crazy good review. I’ve read what that guy says about others, and believe me, he can be a real ass.” Simon turned to Ben. “Let’s get to the garage. Meet you down there, Drake!”
“Well come on then!” Chrissy cheered, yanking my and Simon’s arm toward the door. “Let’s get on and rock this place.”
Just before I disappeared downstairs, I turned, smiling at Jack, mouthing and confirming his promise: “Later!”	



~ The End ~
