Discovering Voice
By Krissie Gault

Published by Krissie Gault at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Krissie Gault

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

TABLE OF CONTENT:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
About the Author


Chapter 1: Mute Gets A New Class

The young blond rolled over. Ignoring the tickling breeze that rubbed against her feet. The clock on her nightstand made a sharp PING! sound every so many minutes as she kept hitting the large indigo snooze button on her alarm clock. A voice on the other side of her door beckoned her to wake up, to which she replied by tapping a thin lime green metal bangle on her nightstand a few times.
Sure she was awake, but she didn’t want to be. She wanted to drift back to her dream of a giant turtle and treasure hunting adventures. She had to go get some ancient gem stone from some floating island that she could only get to by some strange transportation device located on the back of a giant sea turtle who spoke like an islander. 
“Young lady!” A sharp voice cut through her dreams again. The girl rolled over again and found her body collided with the floor. At first, she was too stunned to move or even hear her mother’s questions as to her health. Then her alarm went PING! again. She glared up the clock as she blew loose strands of her lemon yellow hair out of her face. She sat herself up and once again pressed the purple-blue snooze button. She turned to see her red headed mother kneelt down where she had been laying moments before. Her mouth was moving, but she wasn’t making out a single word of it.
She held up her hand to gain her mom’s attention. Once her mom’s mouth slowed as her eyes focused on her daughter, the girl moved her arms about in a slow fashion as her mom could keep up. It still amazed her how her mom had been learning sign language since the day she found out she couldn’t speak, but still had trouble keeping up with her fast hand movements.
Once the message was received that the young blond didn’t catch what her mom had said, the mother simply smiled. It was an uneasy and still, ‘I’m-not-sure-exactly-what-I’m-doing-yet’ smile. “Are you okay?” She said as she signed the best she could.
The girl nodded as she walked over to her window. She closed the window which had allowed a soft breeze to enter the room. With the small conversation of you should get ready for school given by her mom done, the mother left as the girl moved the sheet like curtain to reveal her closet. She grabbed a shirt at random and tossed it on. She did the same with her pants. She grabbed two random socks from the drawer of her dresser and placed them on. She threw her blue pajamas in the tall plastic cylinder laundry basket in the corner of her closet. The basket had once been a bright white, but was now yellowed with age. It was also drawn on with marker and paint. Something she did as a way to add her own little special touch to the plain laundry basket. On it were scribbles of stars, flowers, cartoon characters she liked, and few other miscellaneous things.
She didn’t care much for school. She was the only mute kid to attend the school and sadly, there weren’t any deaf kids either. So her class consisted of usually just her and a teacher until the bell rang and she could scurry away to lunch. She’d eat in silence and then pretend to do school work as she drew cartoon characters in her notebook. 
She grabbed her bag, not pleased at the thought of another boring day at school, and headed to the kitchen. Her mother had breakfast made and set up on the table. She was wearing a uniform for the local floral shop, which meant she was working until three and then would have the rest of the day free or would rush for a different job. The later was more likely. She hung her bag on the back of the wooden chair and sat down to consume her breakfast. 
Her older sister was already seated. Her hair was cut short and a bright green color. She greeted her baby sister with a simple “Good morning” as signed it without one hand. The other was holding a fork full of scrambled eggs. She stuck it in her mouth and chewed as she signed, “How are you?” The teen had made sure she took sign language as a side class so she was a lot better at it than their mother, who kept running around trying to pay bills. 
“I’m good.” She signed as she picked up a piece of sausage. “Your hair is lime green. Can I just call you Lime from now on?”
“Whatever you wish. But you’re still our little Lemon.” Her sister chuckled as she signed her remark. The remark had been the same for years, but it was still enjoyable to exchange.
Their mom watched her two children curiously as they held a silent conversation with hand gestures. She wishes she spent less time working and more time with them. Maybe then she wouldn’t have to go at a snail’s pace trying to deceiver simple little messages from her daughter. Sadly, the bills didn’t pay themselves. She had to keep working to provide everything her children needed. If her husband was here it would be easier, but the military soldier had to go missing while overseas. Now he was presumed dead. Now she was left with their two children and memories of him there with them. 
“How long had it been since he disappeared lie a puff of smoke?” She pondered as she took a bite of her biscuit. “Five years? Seven years? Maybe nine?” She wasn’t sure anymore. She glanced at the clock and her eyes grew wide. She was going to be late for work. She stuffed the biscuit down her throat as she took a gulp of orange juice to wash it down. She almost choked on her food before rushing out the door saying, “Gotta get to work. See ya’ll later.”
Lime giggled at their energetic mother. Lemon only smiled. The blond had learned long ago that she could make no sound escape her body no matter what. Trying to laugh or giggle only made her look stupid. However, she could make an awesome ninja with the right training. Ninjas were silent, mysterious, and awesome. But if becoming a ninja didn’t pan out, she could always become a mime instead.
She arrived at school just in time to enter the class room before the tardy bell rang. She sat in a desk in the front row. She was the only kid in the class, so hiding in the back was pointless. She huffed as she noticed her teacher hadn’t arrived yet. She pulled out her sketch book and began to draw. After 20 minutes of doodling things she had dreamed about, she glared up at the teacher’s desk. She still wasn’t here. She flipped her note book closed and sighed. She gathered her belongings and looked back at the desk. 
The teachers seemed confused. None of them knew sign language so she had to write everything down on a portable dry erase board she carried around in her bag. They soon began running about like chickens with their heads cut off. Lemon just watched and waited for one of them to address her.
After half an hour, they finally had everything somewhat worked out. It turned that the only teacher who taught and knew sign language no longer worked at the school. Mrs. Hansel had been mad about not being able to teach a sign language class as a second language, so she found a new job and left. Lemon smirked. Mrs. Hansel wasn’t one who liked being told no. So now they were out of a sign language teacher. And since Lemon was the only student who needed a teacher who knew sign language, they had forgotten to give her a new teacher.
Then a new debate started in the office over where to put the young lady. They couldn’t just send her home, it would be unethical. One teacher recommended signing Lemon up for home school, but that was shot down by a teacher who knew of their family situation. She knew Lemon’s mother couldn’t afford home school, much less make sure blond girl did the packets on her own without the aid of Google. 
“I’ll teach her in my class.” A voice rang through the room. Everyone turned to stare with slack jaws at the man leaning against the metal door frame of the school’s front office. His brown hair was cut short, but his bangs were still long enough to conceal his eyes if he combed them straight down. His glasses were slim and had a black frame. He gave an angel’s smile as he charmed them.
“But Mr. Gret,” A teacher began, “This girl is mute. She can’t speak. How can you teach a child who can’t communicate?” Lemon glared daggers at the woman with cold blue eyes. How dare she say she couldn’t communicate? She could communicate just fine. Well, just not with them. Mr. Gret noticed the dirty look and smiled.
“Tsk. Tsk. Mrs. Hallow.” The man stated as he wagged his index finger at long, wavy brunette with hot pink glasses. “There are numerous ways that one can communicate with others. Just because she doesn’t have a voice doesn’t mean she can’t communicate with written words, hand gestures, and even looks.” He glided into the room as he gave a quick wink of his dark eyes at the young blond. The teen stopped her hateful scowl at Mrs. Hallow and stared up at the man cautiously as she pulled on the sleeves of her purple sweater. “I’m sure the young miss will do just fine in my class.” He turned to face Lemon. “Come with me and I’ll introduce you to your peers.”
The teen gave him a kind smile as she gathered her belongings – a sketchbook with a green cover and a purple book bag with a picture of Sailor Saturn from Sailor Moon on it. As she entered the room, she realized the hell she had been placed in. The teenagers were loud. Some sitting on top of the desk. They sat in cliché groups and each fought unconsciously to be the loudest.  As Mr. Gret opened the door, the pupils glanced up at him, each greeting him. They stopped as the young blond girl walked into the room.
“Everyone take your seats. I have an announcement to make.” Mr. Gret stated with a serious tone. The class’s volume fell to a soft whisper as they moved the small brown desks back in order. They sat in their seats and stared at the front of the class room. Mr. Gret was standing behind his desk, but none of their eyes were on him or even came close to meeting his dark eyes. They were all burning into Lemon. The teen shuffled her feet nervously as she glanced at the teacher for help. Her blue eyes pleading for a little assistance. “Do I have everyone’s attention?” He asked, tapping an expo marker on his desk.
The class chorused with, “Yes,” “Yeah,” “Sure,” “Whatever,” and other replies that basically said the same thing. Their focus never shifting from the new meat that stood before them.
“Everyone, I’m sure you all know that due to budget cuts, we’ve had to let go of some of our teachers. One of those teachers was Mrs. Hansel, the sign language teacher. This young lady was one of her students. She’s mute and for those of you who are confused, that means she can’t speak. Starting today she will be attending class with us. Her name is…” The man stopped as she turned toward the blue eyed girl wearing a purple sweater and blue jeans. Her drawn on high tops shuffling slightly in a nervous manner. “Pardon me, but I didn’t catch your name earlier. What is it?”
Lemon signed the word for lemon.
The man repeated the sign to her and she nodded approvingly. “Yeah. I don’t know what that means; could you write it on the board for us?” He gave a sheepish smile as he held up the blue expo marker.
She nodded as she took it from him. She uncapped the marker and standing on her tip toes, she stretched and wrote her name as big and as clearly as she could. Everyone tilted their heads in awe and confusion as they read her name.
“Lemon?” They chorused. A few students giggled at the strange name.
“So the sign you showed me meant Lemon?” Mr. Gret questioned. Lemon nodded happily.
He then took the next 20 minutes to teach the kids how to sign her name before returning to their regularly scheduled class activities. 
Elsewhere, chains banged against beat up wooden floors. There was a small window in which rays of light poured through. Tired green eyes stared outside into the small sliver that could be seen. The leaver on the tress rustled happily as the wind brushed passed them. Birds and squirrels could be heard singing peacefully and going about their happy lives. The chains struggled to get loose to reach the light, the small sliver of hope, but to no avail. 
Lemon was doing okay in her new class. Mr. Gret tended to take the last 15 minutes of class to have the class learn sign language so that they could better communicate with Lemon. The kids were sort of nice for the most part. Though they were mainly curious about how people without a voice functioned. They just couldn’t seem to wrap their minds around the fact that the mute function the very same as everyone else. It must be something in their minds that went, “There’s no way could live without talking! How can you? That’s so weird.” She tired her best to shrug it off, but their small comments still stung like a small bug bite. They eventually began to itch and fester and make Lemon doubt if this was where she belonged. All it took was something to make her snap.
Lemon was sitting in her usual seat in the lunch room. The one at the farthest corner of the lunch room. Shrouded by a dark ominous cloud that said ‘enter at your own risk.’ She buried her blue eyes in her book as she scribbled more pictures in her note book. She nibbled a little on her chips. She was in her own little world far away from the school. 
“Hi!” A high pitch shrill voice practically screamed in her ear, causing her to jump. She looked up at the teenage girl beaming down at her. She was a peppy popular girl who had too much energy. Her dirty brown hair was pinned up in a ponytail. Her shirt was low cut and ended a few inches before her belly button. The barely there top was a bright hot pink color. She wore really short shorts that were dark blue. They hung low around her hips. The belt holding her shorts up was a bright yellow color. Lemon questioned how the barely dressed teen girl hadn’t been forced into a change of clothes or sent home. “What’s up?” Her smiled beamed. 
Lemon just stared at her for a moment before she closed her note book and began to sign. “I was doing some work and eating my food before you came over. Is there something you want?”
The girl just tilted her head. A fake smile on her face. “You’re that must girl right?” She began. Lemon simply nodded. “That’s so strange.”  She said sitting next to her, talking a mile a minute. “I mean, I just couldn’t live without talking! I mean, how can you do it? Is it a life choice? Or is it some strange genetic condition?”
Lemon rolled her eyes as she grabbed her bag of chips and began eating the fried potatoes. She had tuned the loud obnoxious girl out. Or at least she tried to, until the girl began to shove her in the arm. Lemon looked up at her and just stared blankly. She just wanted to be left alone.
“Don’t you think so too?” She gave a big grin. Lemon just stared without expression. “Hey mute girl, were you even listening to me? Hello! Anyone home?” The girl slowly showed her wicked side as if the red horns slowly grew on her skull. Slamming down her fist on the table, she hissed, “I will not be ignored!”
Lemon just stared at her in confusion as she tilted her head. She had no clue what this girl’s malfunction was. Jolting up in the blink of an eye, girl swiftly grabbed a tray of junk that had been handed out as a sorry excuse for lunch food. She forcefully threw the plastic red tray into lemon. The whole time the girl was hissing and screeching. Lemon fell backward and hit her head hard on the white tile floor.
Noise erupted throughout the lunch room. Lemon remained numb and still as she listened to the clatter of her peers. Kids and teachers swarmed the area like a bunk of flies to a Bar-B-Q. Her eyes remained closed as she listened to the gasps. The girl who had pushed her was now getting reprimanded, but she was also getting props. Lemon’s teeth clenched. Her fingers twitched. She felt a cold hand on her shoulder. It sent a freezing chill down her spine. It brought with it a fear of death and a strong sense of foreboding. She slowly opened her blue eyes. She squinted at the bright lights above her head. She felt weak, like the under taker was slowly dragging a way her soul. The noises were booming in her ears from all around and she wasn’t sure which sounds belong to which person. She slowly shifted her eyes to stare into the face of a man. His reaper’s hand was on her shoulder and something in his eyes told her he wasn’t a fair Hades. He was a Hades filled with malice. 
She wasn’t sure what was taking over, but she felt as though she couldn’t breathe. Something within her was screaming.
“Run away!” It bellowed. “Run now!”
She felt her breathing become ragged as if it were a chore to obtain air. She jolted up off the tile floor and on to the bench of the lunch table. People gasped and freaked as the girl struggled to breath and her body shook. Her eyes darted across one end of the room to the other like a wild animal with rabies. 
The teacher, who possessed Lucifer’s hands, reached out toward her. He placed a grin on his face trying to look kind, caring, and concerned. Instead it exposed a darker truth; it was twisted and menacing. Something about him was evil. As his hand extended closer, she crawled onto the table, kicking her feet as a way to say, “Go away.”  She bore her teeth like a wild beast. While no sound emitted from her, the message was clear. “Stay away from me!” Her eyes soon found an exit from the claustrophobic inducing area. 
She leapt off of the table and took off on all fours. She just kept going. Weaving around by standers who wore confused and shocked expressions. Something inside her was screaming, “Run! Don’t turn back. Just run.”
With her adrenaline pumping all the way through her body, she eventually became unaware of her actions. She just kept running.
In the bewildered lunchroom, she left behind everyone’s jaws were slacked and eyes wide. Finally recovering a little, a soft murmur began to hover about the room. The skimpy dressed girl, who had pushed the blond mute girl down, gave a nervous laugh, “Wow. Freaky mental break down or what?” Teachers and students gave her a look that just said, “Too soon and so wrong.” She instantly stared down at her feet. A sense of shame overcoming her.
The tall trees loomed over her. She could hear the forest animals skittering around the floral atmosphere. The adrenaline had slowed to a stop and she was ragged. She leaned against a tree as she tried to catch her breathe. Her heart was throbbing in her chest, but it felt like it was in her throat, trying to escape with every beat it took. 
Lemon closed her eyes and tried to concentrate. Everything was such a blur to her. She wasn’t sure where she was at, but it was better than being at school. She slid down until she was sitting down. Her head leaning against the bark of the tree. It was so peaceful here. 
Or at least, that’s what she thought until she heard a strange sound. Her eyes flew open as her ears concentrated on the sound. It was a rattling sound that kept echoing throughout the woods. At first, she thought it to be a rattle snake, but the sound was off. The rattling had no real rhythm, and it wasn’t smooth like a snake. It sounded rusty and old. Almost like clanging metal.
Something was trapped.
She jolted up and began to head towards the sound. Images of a poor animal trapped in some cruel hunter’s trap. Something like a bear or a dear, maybe. Either way, she couldn’t let the poor thing continue to be trapped in the cruel trap. She picked up her pace and pounded her sore feet into the forest dirt. She concentrated on the sound of the rattling and headed for it. 
She attempted to stop when a wood cabin came into her sights. But she had gained too much momentum and couldn’t stop until her body collided with the wall of the house. She fell to her knees, scraping her face on the wood paneling of the house. She slowly pulled herself up. She could still hear the rattling. It sounded so close. She slowly opened her eyes to try to catch her bearings. Her jaw soon dropped at the horror before her. She had found the source of the desperate rattling sounds.

Chapter 2: Searches Begin

Lemon’s blue eyes stared in shock at the green eyed human. The boy was covered in filth and bruises. He was thin and boney as if he hadn’t eaten in weeks. His brown hair was rugged and oily. He didn’t have shoes and his feet were bruised and red. He had a baggy green hoodie and blue jeans. His clothes had many scratches and holes in them. He desperately pulled on the chains that bond his feet to the wall. It took him a while to register that the blond girl was real and not a hallucination, and then he started panicking. 
“Run! Run!” He screamed as he waved his scrawny arms. He was starving and thirsty, so his voice was rough and harsh. He wasn’t even sure if it was his. “Get away! Leave! Please, before he comes back. Run! Before he catches you!”
Lemon picked her jaw up and swallowed her spit. It took her a moment to register his words. She took a step back from the window, almost contemplating his words. Should she run away and get help for him? But she couldn’t speak. The police wouldn’t understand her. And calling them would prove pointless since she couldn’t speak. Being must was such a pain. 
Why couldn’t she help him? If she dragged an officer here later, he might not be here. He might be hidden away somewhere else. Or worse. He might be dead. She couldn’t risk that. This boy had been beaten and was almost skin and bones. Almost like he was a walking skeleton. But his big green eyes keep crying. 
She couldn’t wait. He might not survive. She had to help him now. She walked back to the window and pressed her face to the glass.
She signed, “I’m going to help.” She noticed the top of the window was cracked opened. She opened it some more and climbed inside. 
“What are you doing?” The boy asked as she walked over towards him.
She smiled at him as she pulled off one of her bangles off her wrist. The bangle was a bright light blue. It was thin metal with dots of sparkles all around it. She bent the small band into a thin strip and proceeded to pick the lock on the shackle that held firmly his foot. 
“You really should run. He might come back and spot you. That would be horrible. Please run!” 
CLICK! Lemon smiled at her victory as the shackle opened. She looked at him with a smile and a serious tone in her blue eyes. She pointed at him and then at herself and at the window. 
“Okay.” The boy nodded as she grabbed his hand. She helped him standup and walk to the window. She lifted him up and helped him over the window seal. The boy lost his balance though and fell onto the dirt with a violent thud. Lemon hurried herself over the window and hopped to the ground. She stopped down beside him and began tapping on the ground. 
“Are you okay?” She tapped in Morse code. 
“Yeah.” He mumbled as she helped him to his feet. They began a quick pace walk to get away from the wood cabin.
After several minutes of pretty much jogging through the winding forest, they slowed to a walk. The boy stared at the trees around them. He acted as if he hadn’t seen a tree in ages.
“He probably hasn’t.” Lemon thought to herself.
“So, are you army too?” The boy questioned in a low whisper. Lemon looked at him with a confused expression. Tilting her head, she allowed her long blond hair to drape over her shoulder. The boy nervously licked his lips before speaking again. “Are you related to military? You spoke Morse code back there when I fell. So I thought you were with the military or related.”
Lemon shrugged her shoulders. She began tapping her fingers on the back of his hand which he held firmly in hers so they wouldn’t get lost. “I don’t know. I’m mute. Can’t speak.” She tapped.
“Oh.” The boy gasped. Then he nodded. “Well that’s okay. I know Morse code. My father taught me when I was small.” He began tapping on his leg. “It’s been a while, but I still remember it.” He tapped out.
Lemon smiled happily. “Finally, someone else I can actually communicate with that’s not my mom, sister, or one teacher.” She tapped out happily.
The boy laughed and then began coughing. He hadn’t laughed in a long time. “I’m glad for you.” He tapped as he continued to cough.
Once his coughing fit subsided, he smiled. “Sorry about that.” He stated.
“It’s okay.” Lemon tapped out.
“So which way leads out of this forest?” He questioned.
Lemon bit her lip as she looked around. She didn’t have a clue where she was. She had run out here in a dazed adrenaline hyped up state. She had no clue which was north. She looked at him with a guilty look and nervous smile. 
“Walk straight until we find exit. Or find water.” She tapped on the back of his hand.
“So I take it we’re lost?” He mused aloud. “Well it’s better than being back there.” He tapped on her hand. He looked at her and smiled. His grip on her hand tightening. 
Back at the school, Lemon’s mother and sister were standing in the front office. There were several teachers and two police officers in the large room made up of glass walls. Tears streaming down her face, the red head mother looked at the officer. “How could this have happened?” She begged him.
The officer was unsure of how to console the grieving mother. “Don’t worry Mrs. Esmerald.” He began, placing a firm hand on her shoulder. “We’re going to find your daughter.”
“It’s just that she’s never done anything like this before.” She cried. “So I don’t know where she could have gone. Please, just find my baby. Please!”
“We believe she sustained a head injury when another student assaulted her.” The other officer stated. She was a taller muscular woman. She almost looked like she could be an amazon. The name on the thin metal button on her shirt said, ‘Belonhei.’ “It’s possible she has a concussion and is wondering around lost somewhere. We have all of our available resources looking for her.”
“Okay.” Mrs. Esmerald sniffled. 
“Now, one of the neighboring countries is going to send us a canine unit to aide us in the search.” Officer Belonhei stated. “Would it be alright if I escort you home and obtain a sample of something with your daughter’s scent on it?”
“I guess so.” Mrs. Esmerald nodded. “But what do you mean by sample?”
“Something like a shirt or stuff toy. Anything of your daughter’s that might have her scent on it. We give it to our dogs so they can track her scent.”
“I guess that’ll be okay.” She nodded. She moved a loose strand of her red hair behind her ear. 
“Come on, mom.” Her green hair daughter placed a hand on her shoulder. Lime extended the other hand towards her mom. “I’ll drive us home.” The red haired woman handed her daughter the keys and left the school.
At the wood cabin, a tired man walked up the steps of his stoop. His short hair was messed and his bangs concealed his eyes. He took his keys from his pocket and unlocked his front door. The door opened with a loud creak. He dragged his bag inside and plopped it down on a wooden coffee table in the middle of the small living room. He locked the front door and proceeded into the kitchen. He spoke the whole time as he made himself a sandwich. 
“I’m home now.” He said. “How was your day? Mine was hectic. Work was a bitch today. Were you a good boy? I hope you were.” He placed his sandwich on a napkin and carried it with him. He grabbed his keys and unlocked a door inside his home. He smiled as he opened the door and took a bite out of his meal. When he peered inside thought, the smile wiped away as his eyes scanned over the room. A deep frown on his face as he clenched his fists. “You haven’t been a good boy.” He growled through his teeth as he glared into empty room.
He strode over to the window. It was cracked opened. He looked outside window and saw foot prints. He gritted his teeth as he stomped out of the room. 
They had found a creek. They walked across it, causing their feet to get wet. They stopped for a moment to cup some of the water in their hands and drink. Lemon looked around for something to eat. She counted herself lucky as she found a pear tree. The fruit was rather small and it wasn’t anywhere near ripe yet. But they needed sustenance. She plucked six of the small pears. Three for each. This would have to last them until they found something better to eat.
She walked back to the boy and patted his arm with the pear. He looked up from the water he was drinking. He was so thirsty. He had almost forgotten what being hydrated felt like. He smiled gratefully at her.
“Thank you.” He said softly. He grabbed the pear and sunk his teeth into it. It was the best thing he had eaten in a very long time. It tasted strange, but he was just happy to be eating something.
Lemon nibbled on her pear as she watched her new friend chomp away at it. “I hope he doesn’t eat the core too.” She thought to herself.
Once they had eaten their small lunch, they set out along the creek. They figured it would be safest if they stuck by a water source. Just in case they were stuck in this labyrinth of trees for more than a day. Lemon was trying to judge where they were, but couldn’t figure it out. So the blond girl just decided to walk instead.
“So…” The boy began, “Can I ask way there’s red in your hair?”
The blond turned to him with a perplexed look. “Red?” She signed. “Where?”
The boy wasn’t sure what she had tried to conveyed, but he could tell that she was confused. “There’s something red in your hair.” He stated as he touched some of the strands of her hair. He gently pulled them to where Lemon could see them. Sure enough, he was right. They were a dark red color.
The red seemed to be crusty on her hair. It almost looked like strange paint, but it seemed to loose on her hair. Her mouth dropped at the sight of the red.
Knowing this as a bad sign, he knelt down by the creek. He dipped his fingers into the water and brought them to her long blond hair. He ran his fingers through the red stained strands. As the red slowly peeled away from her bright yellow, he was reminded of something. He had seen something similar to this before. He brought the red substance to his face. He sniffed it. It gave his stomach a sickening feeling. The scent, although diminished by the water, was still strong enough for the boy to pick up. He brought his hand to his mouth and licked some of the red substance off.
He made a gagging sound as his face scrunched up. Coppery. It was coppery. He looked at his new friend with concern. “It’s blood.” He voiced his theory. It was the only thing that he knew of that tasted like copper that wasn’t, well, copper. “Did you get hurt?” He began to panic as the blue eye girl stood still. She was shocked. She couldn’t recall being around blood all today.
The boy washed the blood from his hands. He plucked some leaves from a nearby tree. He soaked them and brought them to the young girl. He began washing away the coagulated blood. He moved the strands of yellow hair and found the source of the blood. “You’re bleeding!” He exclaimed.
As he went to clean the wound, Lemon jumped up. She clutched her hands on her arms. Her blue eyes wide with fear. Tears were weld up in her flushed face. She shivered and shook as if she were a lot wet puppy caught in the frigid snow. Her teeth clattered together. 
The boy put up his hands to show her he meant no harm. “Hey, what’s the matter?” He whispered. “You’re hurt. I only want to help you.” 
Lemon clacked her teeth hard and more visibly as she took a step away from the brunette boy. The boy stared at her for a moment and they entered a staring contest. She clacked and clanged her teeth together and then she started blinking her eye lids. It was almost as if the young girl was having a mental breakdown and was suffering from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
The boy couldn’t help but think it ironic. Here they were lost in a forest. She seemed like a perfectly average girl. The sweet girl next door type. She probably took a wrong turn on hiking trail and found him. He was a boy who had been kidnapped. Plucked right up off the street on his way home from a boys scout meeting at school. That was so long ago that his family probably believed him dead and are looking for a body. He had endured starvation, beatings, dehydration, verbal abuse, and other tortures. He had only been free for a few minutes, maybe an hour, he wasn’t sure. Yet here they were. Standing by a small creek, and he, the kidnapee, was calm and collected one while his rescuer was losing her marbles. 
He sighed. “Hey, how come I’m the calm one?” He asked, pointing to himself. When all Lemon did was clack her teeth and blink her eyes. Then a thought finally popped into his head. “Morse code.” He muttered. “You’re so freaked out right now that that’s the only way you can speak.” He walked up to her and pulled her into a hug. “It’s okay. It’s okay.” He whispered. “Just let me help stop the bleeding. Then we’ll get out of this forest and go get help. Okay?”
“Okay.” Lemon clattered her teeth to say.
She held still as he cleaned her wound. He was very careful as all they had to use was dirt and leaves. And amazingly, he was very good at using nature as a band aide. The whole time he spoke softly and told her of how to use the leaves to create a bandage. 
“How do you know things like this?” She questioned.
“Boy scouts.” He stated simply. “How did you get hurt?”
“An annoying girl pushed me. She got mad because I didn’t care what she was blathering about and didn’t respond to her.” Lemon replied.
“Well, that was rude.” He stated as he finished cleaning the wound and wrapped some leaves around her head. “This should do for now. Let’s hurry to an actual doctor who knows what he’s doing.”
Lemon laughed at this comment. While no noise came out, he got the gist of her body movement and laughed too. They continued their trek along the creek.
The creek soon began to gradually grow larger in width and depth. The two wondered if it had become a stream yet, but they weren’t sure.
“It looks like it’s becoming a stream.” The green eyed boy pointed at the growing creek.
“Are you sure?” Lemon questioned. “I’m sure it’s still just a creek.”
“I’m not sure. I have feeling that it’s a stream.” The boy shrugged. “Isn’t a stream bigger than a creek? And the creek has gotten bigger. So isn’t it possible that it became a stream?”
“Nah. I don’t think so.” The blond girl waved her hand. “I’m sure it’s still a creek. Besides, what’s the difference between the two anyway?” 
“Come to think of it. I don’t know.” The brunette boy chuckled.
Since they weren’t even sure what the difference between the two meant anyway. They laughed at their silly debate and continued onward. 
“So…” Lemon began. “What’s your name?” 
The boy looked up at this question. His name? Why would she ask that? Hadn’t he already told her his name? A short memory search later told him he didn’t. How could this be? Surely people introduced themselves upon meeting. Though their introduction was odd. He licked his lips trying to remember what his name had been before. It had been years. He wasn’t even sure if he could recall how to spell it either. The man who had taken him called him several things. Many of which made his skin crawl. It seemed to him that those bad memories had buried all the bright happy ones of his youth alive and locked them away somewhere.
“Gizzard?” The girl questioned with her clacking sounds. 
The boy looked up at her with a confused expression.
“That’s what you were snapping out just now.” She stated as she pointed to his fingers.
“Oh.” He mumbled. “Gizzard.” He said aloud as he snapped it out with his fingers. Then he smiled as the old happy memory flood behind his eyes lids. “Gizzards.” He sighed with a wide smile. “My father loved them. We used to eat them every Saturday.”
“What are gizzards?” Lemon inquired curiously.
“Fried chicken liver.” He answered with a broad smile. “They’re really delicious.” Lemon scrunched up her face and stuck out her tongue. She didn’t seem to like the idea of fried chicken liver. “Hey, don’t knock it ‘till you try it.” He chastised her.
Lemon just rolled her eyes. “Whatever Gizzard.” She smiled. “So are you going to tell me your name, or am I going to call you Gizzard for the rest of time?” 
“Sadly, I can’t remember my actual name.” He stated, looking glum. “So like it or not, my name might as well be Gizzard for the time being.”
“Fine by me.” The blue eyed girl shrugged.
“So what about you? What’s your name?” Gizzard asked curiously.
“I’m Lemon.” She smiled proudly. “Because of my bright yellow hair.” She ran her fingers through her yellow hair.
“Seems fitting.” Gizzard chuckled.
At the Esmerald resident, Lemon’s mother, Sherbet, and her sister, Lime, were sitting at the kitchen table with some police officers. Sherbet had wiped the tears from her eyes and was doing her best to stay strong. 
“The canine unit should be here soon.” Officer Belonhei stated. “And this is a recent picture of your daughter correct.” She asked as she held up the photo. 
“Yes.” The red haired woman nodded. “We took it over the summer at the park.” 
The officer nodded as she jotted down a note on her yellow pad.
“Does Lemon like to go to the park?” A tall man asked. His brown hair was cut clean and neat and he stood at least 6 foot tall if not more.
“Yes she does.” Lime answered as her mother gave the officer a confused look. “Why?” 
“Because if she suffered a concussion like we believe, it’s very possible that she subconsciously went to a place she likes to be. Like the park or her bedroom, or someplace similar.” The officer explained. “If she likes that park then it’s very likely we’ll find her around a place with foliage and trees.”
KNOCK! KNOCK!
Everyone turned to stare at the door. Sherbet stood up and walked over. “Who is it?” 
“This is Officer Jettson. I came from Jackson County.” The deep voice bellowed from the other side. “I brought the canine unit with me.”
Sherbet quickly opened the door to look at the man. He was average height and was very big. He obviously ate a lot of home cooked meals. Though he still looked strong enough to handle himself. She moved aside for him to come in. “Please come inside.” Her eyes pleading that he would find her blue eyed baby girl soon.
“All right if the dog comes in with me?” He motioned to the German shepherd at his feet. The dog looked friendly, but also ready.
“Yes. Yes.” Sherbet nodded. “It won’t be a problem at all.” 
“And you’re the oldest daughter?” He questioned.
“No. The mother.” She corrected.
“My bad, you look too young to be a mother.” Officer Jettson stated as he waltzed into the living room. “Go on and bring Bobby here something of your baby’s. The quicker we find her the less grey we’ll be.” He shook the dog’s leash.
“Yes. Yes.” Sherbet stated as she hurried up the stairs to her daughter’s room. She grabbed the blue pajama top out of the laundry basket in Lemon’s pale lavender room. She rushed down the stairs. “Here’s her pajama top. Will this do?” 
“When did she last wear it?” Officer Jettson inquired. 
“This morning. Sherbet stated as she pulled her red hair out of her face.
“Perfect.” The officer nodded. “Hold it up to Bobby here and let him have a whiff or two.” 
Sherbet held it up to the dog, who sniffed it with great interest, as Officer Jettson told him about the case and what they needed to do. The dog seemed to understand every word as he nodded and stared intently at the blue top.
“Now,” The officer began, “Let’s take this to the boys outside and get this over with. We got a little girl to find.”
They followed the big man outside as he hollered orders at the other officers who were handling the other dogs. Then Officer Jettson and Bobby set off to follow the scent trail they had picked up. 
They brought the dogs up to the red headed mother in groups of 3 and 4. They sniffed the shirt and went off following the girl’s scent trail around the yard of the house before branching off.
“Isn’t that a pit bull?” Lime questioned as she pointed at the grey pit bull that approached them. Her blue eyes wide at the animal wearing a police vest.
The young officer smiled brightly with pride. “Yep.” She replied with delight. “Little Mama Julie here is an excellent search and rescue dog. She’s also a medical dog.”
“Wow.” The two women gasped in awe.
“But I thought pit bulls were…” Lime searched for the right words to say before she continued. 
“Vicious, mean, aggressive, murderous, cold blooded,” the officer began to list a long list of all the stereotypical traits of a pit bull. “Trust me; these gentle guys just get a bad rep. They’re only like that if they’re trained that way. Otherwise, they’re really such sweet loveable little guys.” The officer patted Mama Julie’s grey head. The dog smiled a derpy smile with her tongue hanging out as she wagged her tail.
“I’m sorry. We didn’t know.” Sherbet apologized. 
“It’s cool. Not many people do.” The officer smiled as she knelt down by Mama Julie. “Now Mama Julie, take a good whiff of that pajama top. We got a little kid to find.” 
The dog did as instructed. It took a sniff or two. The grey pooch sniffed the air with interest. She looked all around and then she eventually bolted off, dragging the police officer, and her handler, behind her with a quick “Woah.”
“What a pretty dog!” The green haired girl breathed as she watched them go.
“Yes. Very.” Her red headed mother replied as a few more dogs approached them.

Chapter 3: Follow the Wooden Path

The sun appeared to be setting as the sky was turning shades of yellow and pink. The two continued walking, but they kept looking up with a strange sense of foreboding.
“What will we do when it gets dark?” The blonder girl asked as she tugged on the long sleeves of her purple shirt making them cover her hands.
The green eyed boy was doing the same with his sleeves as he stared above them. “I don’t know.” He whispered. “Sleep in a tree maybe?” he shrugged. “Do you think you could manage that?”
Lemon nodded in response and gestured toward him.
“Yeah. I’ll be fine.” He stated. “I mean, just look at me. I look like some crazy wild kid Tarzan with the attire of a dirty homeless hobo clown. Surely sleeping in a tree won’t hurt me.” 
Lemon giggled at this as they continued walking along the creek. 
Cre-ACK!
The two jumped at the sharp sound. They looked at each other with worried expressions.
“RUN.” They ordered the other wordlessly.
Had Lemon not been bolting along the creek, she would have thought she could hear his voice in her head. The two kept running. Jumping over logs and roots and ducking under any trees branches that came across their path. 
Behind them stood the man who had earlier entered the wooden cabin. He glared at the fleeing forms becoming smaller with every second. He began to scream at them as he gave chase.
“Hey! Come back here! Turn around now. Stop!” He screamed as he gave chase after them. The brown haired boy craned his head around to look at the man. “Come back here you little bitch!” He hissed. How dare he try to escape the captivity of his home? The boy simply scowled back at the man. His green eyes caught the light of the fleeting sun as they seemed to begin to glow on his dirty face. The man soon tripped on a thick root from a tree which seemed to pop up from the ground with the intent of slowing him down. He looked up to scream at the fleeing pair again, but there was nothing but trees and fog where they had gone. The creak, itself, was now crashing up against one of the thick trunks of a large tree. The man stood up and brushed the dirt off. He was going to get those brats.
Lemon took the chance to glance at Gizzard. He was running just as fast as she was. Though it looked as though his heart was pounding so fast that it would have sent him to a cheetah’s speed if he would allow it. He was going just as fast as she was so he could make sure she wouldn’t be caught too. Though it looked that if he slowed down any further, he would begin coughing his heart up so it could flee and leave him far behind. His eyes looked as if they were glowing and his mouth was moving in a strange fashion. It was as if he was whispering, but no words escaped his mouth. He soon looked up at her. He licked his lips nervously as his glowing green eyes stared at her. He then glanced behind them. 
“I think we lost him.” He gasped. His eyes turned normal as he slowed. “Can we?” He asked pleadingly. His body was about to crumble into the dirt under their feet.
Lemon nodded as she came to a halt. She had built up so much momentum that she had to grab on to the trunk of a nearby tree to stop herself. She looked up imploringly at the young boy. He had curled up into a fetal position against a large tree. Lemon, still feeling dizzy and winded form running, crawled over to him on her hands and knees. She laid on her stomach and propped her head up on her hands. She watched him closely for a moment.
“Was that the man who put you in those chains?” She clacked her teeth. Her blue eyes began to water as she stared up at Gizzard, awaiting a response. The sky was a dark indigo and the pale moon had concealed the sun. Lemon only shuttered due to the rapid wind that blew passed them.
Gizzard slowly looked up at her. His messy brown hair concealing one of his eyes. His face was flushed red and his eyes were glassy. The whites of his green eyes were now red. He had been mutely crying to himself against the tree. He looked so hurt and scared. 
Before he could will his mouth to open and respond, he found his body being constricted by a warm embrace. Lemon was running her fingers through his brown hair and rubbing his back with the other hand. It was all very warm and comforting. Then his ears caught the soft barely audible “Shush” sound. He looked up at the blond girl. Her eyes were closed with tears dripping down her cheeks. Her mouth was open and emitting a soft shush sound.
He tilted his head curiously. He reached up and poked her lightly in the cheek. Lemon opened her blue eyes and stared into his green ones. Assured that he now had her undivided attention, he gave a meek smile. “You can speak.” He announced happily.
Lemon tilted her head in confusion. “What?” She chattered her teeth. “I can’t speak. I’m mute.”
Gizzard smiled real big. “That might be so, but just now you spoke. You said ‘shush’. Like a mother comforting a small child.”
“I did?” Lemon’s teeth clamored.
“Yes!” Gizzard answered. “That means that eventually you could speak. Heck, you can speak now. I mean you know sign language and Morse code.  And just now, you said shush! You made a sound with your vocal cords. Maybe that just means that your vocal cords are rusty or dusty and that you just need to try to use them. Then you can make sounds just like everyone else.” 
Lemon thought about it for a moment. Being able to laugh alongside her sister would be awesome. She wouldn’t just be stuck at smiling when she wanted to roll on the floor and laugh. If she could actually laugh, she could join her sister. That made the blue eye girl smile. It would be nice.
Gizzard smiled at her warmly. Then he looked up at the sky. It was dark navy now. The moon was a small sliver in the sky, casting little light. “We need to climb in a tree and rest for now.” He stated in a soft voice. “Come on.” He reached out his hand and she took it.
They walked onward in the forest. They eventually came to a large tree with numerous branches. They carefully climbed the tree. Lemon going up first and helping Gizzard up. Once they were up high enough, they each picked a thick branch for themselves. They curled up close to the trunk. They closed their eyes and dozed off to sleep. It had been a long day for both them. 
They awoke to the sun crawling up in the sky. Gizzard just sat there staring at the sky. He wasn’t sure how he felt. He half expected to wake up back in chains, but here he was. Sitting in a tree; he was free for the first time in years. His stomach growled at him. He sighed as he looked at the ground. He had to pee. He looked over at the branch Lemon was laying on. Her eyes were closed and she was sound asleep. He then looked down at the ground again. He needed to be careful. He wasn’t the best climber, and he didn’t want to wake her up. He rubbed some of the sleep out of his eyes in an attempt to see better. He carefully lowered himself down branch by branch. He was wobbly and stumbled every so often, but he managed to catch himself before he fell. Though at the very last branch before the ground, he slipped and hit the ground with a loud thud.
He slowly pulled himself up and looked up at Lemon. She was still asleep. He was glad for that, but also concerned. If something bad happened, she’d sleep right through it. He would have to be a light sleeper and keep an eye and an ear open for any trouble. He stumbled to his feet like woozy child. Once he was standing up right, he walked away from the tree where Lemon was sleeping. Once he felt he was a good distance away, he picked a bush at random and answered morning’s class. Once that was done, he began thinking about more pressing matters – like breakfast! Man! Was he starving?
He walked back to the tree where Lemon was sleeping. She was still passed out. He rubbed some more of the sleep from his eyes before looking up. She was still passed out. He walked around the area and when he didn’t find a tree with fruit, he pouted to himself. They needed something more to eat then the small nuts and leaves he was finding. And he wasn’t about to try hunting for food. A squirrel was about the only source of meet they would find. And he wasn’t sure he wanted to try killing, cooking, and eating squirrel. It just didn’t sound like a good appetizing meal to him. He was sure Lemon would dislike the idea more. 
He glanced back at Lemon. She was still sleeping soundly. Satisfied with this, he pressed his hand against a small tree. He began moving his mouth, but no words came out. His green eyes glowed bright as the leaves of the tree rustled and the brown branches shook. Slowly buds began to form on the tree. The buds blossomed into beautiful flowers of soft pastel colors. The center of the flowers gave birth to ripe fruit of all kinds. Once they were fully grown and just right, he smiled happily. He carefully plucked the fruit from the tree and put them in the pocket of the green hoodie he was wearing. He returned to the tree he had slept in. He looked up to see that the blond girl was still sleeping the day away.
He sighed. He would have to wake her up. “Hey!” He called to her. She didn’t stir. “Lemon, wake up! We need to get going.” He began carefully climb the tree. “Come on! Please wake up. We need to get a move on. Please Lemon, wake up!” He sat on a branch across from her. He groaned in annoyance as he tapped her shoulder with his foot. 
She groaned in protest as she curled up more and snuggled into the bark of the tree branch. She wanted to sleep.
“Lemon wake up!” The frustrated boy shoved her hard with his foot. “We have to get going while we have light.”
Lemon just growled like a dog as she rolled over. Had she been on her bed, she would still be on her comfy mattress, however, she was high up in a tree. The blond girl rolled off the thick branch she was sleeping on and toward the ground.
“Lemon!” Gizzard gasped as he watched her free fall.
The blue eye girl opened her eyes to see the muddy forest floor coming towards her. Something in her mind clicked and screamed, “You’re about to go ker-splate.” It was a little voice, but she heard it. This being a bad idea in her mind, she curled up into a ball and screamed a high pitch wail. 
She soon felt her body pass through a bunch of leaves. When she felt that her body had stopped moving, she slowly opened her blue eyes. They were filled with tears. Her blurry vision was filled with thousands of autumn shades. She carefully began to stand up. She was wobbly and nearly fell over. And shortly after being up straight, she fell over. 
“Are you okay?” Gizzard screamed as he scrambled out of the tree to meet her. “Lemon say something. Do something. Just please -” Though he too fell out of the tree and landed with a loud thud. He picked himself back up. “UFF! Still be breathing!” 
Lemon slowly stood up steadier this time. She looked at her friend and smiled. “I’m okay.” She clacked her teeth. “But where’d these leaves come from?” 
Gizzard nervously licked his lips. He adverted his bright green eyes as he shrugged. Lemon thought that his eyes were glowing softly. He then placed his hands in his pockets and his eyes light up. “Oh!” He gasped. “I went and got breakfast!” He pulled out the fresh fruit from his pocket. He handed her the orange. “I found and got some apples and pears too.” He smiled at her.
Lemon gratefully took the orange and began to peel it. “So, have you ever noticed that when you’re nervous, you lick your lips?” She asked casually. She pulled a slice of orange off the fruit and took a bite of it.
“I’ve never thought about it before.” Gizzard shrugged. 
Lemon began stretching as she climbed out of the pile of autumn leaves. “I hate to ask,” She began by snapping Morse code with her fingers. “But can you… Just stare at that tree for a little bit?”
Gizzard gave her a suspect look. Then he took noticed of the odd ways her knees where tapping together. It looked like how a toddler stood when they needed to go. He looked up into her baby blues. “Next time, just say you have to pee.” He stated as he turned on his heals toward a tree. “Go find a place. Scream if you need me.” He sat down staring at the tree.
“’Kay. Hold on to this for me.” Lemon handed him the orange before rushing off to find a suitable restroom in the woods. She found a spot and used some autumn leaves as toilet paper. With her business done and her bladder relieved, she made her way back to the tree.
Gizzard was sitting by the tree eating an apple. He held the orange out in his hand. “You awake now?” He asked, never lifting his gaze off of the tree. 
“Yes.” Lemon answered by clacking her teeth. She took the orange and began eating it. “So,” She snapped her fingers, “Shall we continue our trek to civilization?”
“Yes.” Gizzard stood up. “The creek is over this way. We should follow it.”
“Just like yesterday.” Lemon nodded. “We should keep an eye out for that strange man too.” 
“If we’re lucky, we can out run him.” Gizzard stated. “Besides, he has a job someplace. That should keep him busy for a few hours at least.”
“That’s good at least.” She sighed a sigh of relief. “I’m sure my mom and sister are worried about me.” 
“What is your family like?” The brunette asked.
“My family? Well, my dad went missing when I was young, so I don’t remember him very much. My mom is constantly working. She has various jobs. She wants sister and me to have the best that she can afford to give us. My sister has a small job right now. She’s not sure what she wants to do yet. But she likes to play the drums and paint. She gets some freelance painting jobs every so often. She also has lime green hair. This is one of the many reasons we call her Lime. Like people call me Lemon.” The blond giggled to herself.
Gizzard made a face. “Her hair is lime green? Why did she dye it that color?”
“’Cause she wanted to.” Lemon shrugged. “Our nicknames have been Lime and Lemon since I was a baby. So it didn’t really surprise me when she dyed it.”
“I guess that makes sense.” The brunette finished off his apple.
“So what about you? What is your family like?” The blond girl questioned curiously. 
“My family?” The boy said thoughtfully. “Well, my mom and dad are nice. It’s been years since I’ve seen them. Dad is in the military. He taught my brother and me Morse code when I was in elementary. Mom is a secretary at some company, I think. My brother is really into sports. He really loves basketball and tennis.” Gizzard took a deep breath. “I really miss them.”
“I’m sure they miss you too. They’re probably really worried and searching everywhere too.” The blond girl assured him. “But how did you end up back there?” 
“I was walking home alone from a boy scout club meeting. That man,” He gritted his teeth, “He pulled up and offered to drive me home. He was very nice and concern about me getting hurt on the way home. I had met him before. He was well respected by everyone. So I trusted him. But he never took me home.” Water built up on the rims of his green eyes. “He said I was his and his alone. I was his property as far as he was concern. He made me do labor work like cleaning and rearranging his furniture. He kept me chained and gagged in a spare room in his house when the police were looking for me. I remember hearing him talking to them so casually and concerned about a lost boy. He’s such a good actor. He is such a good snake that he makes the other snakes look like lambs.” He hissed in anger. “He got a new job around here shortly after things began to die down. He bought that cabin there. He moved me in a U-Haul truck up here.”
Lemon placed a kind hand on his shoulder. “Don’t worry. We’ll go to the police and they’ll catch him and stop him. He’ll never hurt you or anyone again.” She assured him. He looked up at her and smiled. 

Chapter 4: Search Party Ahoy!

The police and their dogs were running amuck around the town. The dogs were following the young girl’s scent around the town. Other police were talking to anyone and everyone. They were carrying pictures of the young blond with them. It had already been over 24 hours since she went missing, and they needed to find her as quickly as possible.
Mama Julie had found her way to the forest near the park. The dog was barking frantically as she pulled the officer into the foliage. The officer craned her neck around and put her hand up to her mouth. “Mama Julie is picking something up here. Bring some other dogs here. We might have some more luck here.” She called the others.
An officer ran over with a strong German shepherd at his side. The name on the tag on his chest saying, ‘Charlie Phillips.’ “Take this radio with you.” He handed her a walkie talkie so she could call others if needed. A few others joined them and they set off in the woods.
The pit bull pulled at the leash, dragging the officer forward violently. The dog was determined to find the young girl.
They followed the scent trail to a tree with green pine needles. The dogs sniffed the tree and barked loudly. Upon closer inspection the officers spotting blood on the tree.
“Send forensics out here.” One of the officers said into his walkie talkie. “We’ve found blood on a tree in the woods.”
“Got it.” A dispatcher replied. “We’re sending them right now. Where in the woods are you guys?”
“Not sure. We’ve been planting flags with tape connecting them every so many yards.” The officer stated.
“I’m being pulled off again.” The officer with Mama Julie stated as the pit bull pulled her on farther into the woods. After a few minutes, Mama Julie came up to a window of a wooden cabin. The dog parked as she hopped up. Her paws crawling at the glass of the window. The officer looked through the window. Her eyes widened as she took in the sight. There were chains bolted to the wall. She saw the small claw marks on the floor and more blood stains. The officer reached for the radio on her shoulder. “We’ve got a cabin here. I can see chains and a blood stain inside through a window. Send the forensics here too. And back up!”
The other two officers came running up with their dogs. They planted flags and tired tape around the house. 
“Got it!” The dispatcher replied. “Back up and forensics is on their way.”
They waited for a little while for other officers to arrive. They had found a gravel path that led to the wooden cabin. Two cop cars pulled up to the house. Behind them is a black van. The forensics team hopped out of the van quickly. 
“Where’s the tree with the blood?” One of them questions as they grab a kit from the back. The others head up to the porch. 
“That way. We’ve taped the tree off.” The officer with a name tag, ‘Richards’ stated.
“We’ve walked around the house and knocked on the door.” Officer Phillips added. “We didn’t see anyone and no one answered the door.” 
“Got it.” Officer Thomas replied. He turned to face the other officer in his car. “Call a judge. We’ll need a warrant if we want to use that evidence in court.” He ordered the deputy in the passenger seat. The young man in the passenger seat grabbed the radio in the center of the dash.
Back in the town, Sherbet and her daughter were working with the police. They needed to get a search team ready.
“How long will it take before we can search through the woods?” Lime asked a brown eye officer.
“We need to get so many people signed up for search. We need to have them sign up and put in groups. Then we need to grid the forest out. Then we have to carefully send those people to their designated grid and explain the safety procedures to everyone. Those things take a lot of time.” The officer explained. His tag read, ‘Bobby Bowe.’ He was running on next to nothing. He had already pulled two all-nighters, and now he was working on his third.
Lime sighed at this. She caught his attitude and while she didn’t completely understand, she could relate. She was snippy too. She was so flustered that she couldn’t even make a stroke with her paint brush. The green haired girl walked away from the desk and plopped down into a dark blue chair like the ones someone usually sits in in elementary school. She pulled out a cell phone from her front jeans pocket. She flicked on the screen. Her blue eyes squinted at the sudden brightness that greeted her tired blue eyes. She tapped on her CONTACTS and scrolled down until she saw a familiar name. She tapped on the name and began forming a text message.
“Hi Callie, I’m still at the police station. Want to organize a search party to help find my little sister. Can you help me get some people to get her please?”
She tapped the SEND button and then glanced at the time on her phone. It was barely 10:30 in the morning. It would be at least an hour and a half before Callie would roll out of bed. Callie now lived elsewhere, but she was back in town for the week. The college student was relieved to finally have a break. She was sleeping late though, sometimes to 3 O’clock!
“Excuse me,” A male walked up the officer’s desk. “But I’m looking for Lime Esmerald. I was told she was here.” 
Lime jerked her head up at the sound of her name. The man at the desk was young, mid-20s at most. He was a good 6 foot and had brown hair. His skin was tan. He looked like he could be of Native American decent. Lime stood up nervously. “I’m right here.” She stated. “Are you here about my sister?” She asked sounding hopeful.
The man tilted his head, the long earring he wore jingling with the movement. It was a dream catcher with three different bird feathers dangling from it. “Pardon?” He muttered. Then he straightened and gave a soft smile. “I’m Rock.” He stated as he extended his hand. “I paid you to do two paintings of my little brother. One from the picture I sent you and the other an age progression.”
“Oh!” The green haired girl grasped. She remembered that commission. It was strange, but she had finished two days ago. “It’s very nice to meet you. The paintings are at my house. But…” She glanced at the officer at the desk.
“Just go. We’ll call as soon as we get anything.” Officer Bowe waved a hand from his desk.
“Can I ask you something?” Rock asked as they walked out of the station.
“Hm-mm.” Lime nodded.
“Why are you at the police station?” He asked as he walked to a black car. “I brought my car. We can take it or walk. Whichever is more comfortable for you.” 
“I’d prefer to walk please.” Lime answered. In light of everything that was going on in her life, walking seemed a lot safer than getting in the car with someone. The car beeped and they continued walking. 
“So… Did I cross a personal line Miss Artist?” He said with a light smile. “If so, then I apologize.”
No.” Lime shook her head. “My sister’s gone missing. She hasn’t come home yet and we can’t find her. That’s why I was at the police station.”
“WHAT?” Rock’s voice hit a high octave. “How long has she been missing?”
“About a day now.” Lime answered as she looked down at her sneakers. 
“Have you done a search party yet?” He questioned. His green eyes were wide. Sweat was forming on his forehead. It was like he had just woke up from a bad dream.
“The police are looking, but the officers say we don’t have enough people for a search party yet.” Lime replied solemnly. 
“The number isn’t important. Just as long as someone is looking, that’s all that matters.” Rock stated as he grabbed her shoulder. “Come on, I’ll help you. We’re do you want to look?  We need to find her. The more time that passes, the less likely you’ll find her.”
Lime stared up at him. “But your paintings?” She muttered.
“Those can wait. Your sister comes first.” Rock stated. “Now where do you want to look? You want to get anyone else to help? Come on, let’s go.”
“Some of the dogs have picked up her scent in the woods by the park.” Lime answered.
“Good. We’ll start looking there.” Rock stated. “Where is it? Do you want to get anyone else?  A map would be good to get too.”
“This way.” Lime pointed in the direction. “But it’s a long walk.” 
“You want to take my car?” Rock asked as he unclipped his keys off of the loop of his pants.
“Sure. But why are you so concerned?” Lime asked. “I’ve always heard that city folk aren’t always so… Well, worried about people they don’t know.”
Rock laughed at that. “I may be from the city, but I was taught to help and be courteous. Plus, I know how it feels when a family member is missing.”
“You do?” Lime questioned as Rock unlocked the car. The green haired girl sat down in the passenger seat. “How so?” 
“My little brother,” Rock stated as he crunk the car up, “Went missing too.” He put the car in drive. “Which way?” He asked.
“Turn right up here. Then a left after three red lights.” Lime answered. “Is he okay? What happened?” 
“He was walking home from boy scouts by himself.” Rock stated. “He never made it home. We still haven’t found him. But we’re not giving up. That’s why I hired you to do those paintings. I’m planning on hanging them in a window of a coffee shop. I figure more people would stop and look at a painting then at a sign.”
“Do do do do!” Lime’s phone began to play the theme song to Super Mario Brothers.
Rock raised an eyebrow and smirked. “Is that Super Mario?” He stifled a laugh.
“Maybe.” Lime replied as she grabbed her phone. She flicked the screen on. It was Callie! And more amazing, it was 11 o’clock! 
“I’m already on it!” The text read. “Where you want to meet up?”
“My friend wants to meet us there.” Lime stated.
“Good. The more the better.” Rock responded as he pulled into the parking lot of the park.
Lime looked up in awe. “We sure got here fast.” She muttered.
Rock placed his hand behind his head. “Yeah. I’m a speeder.” He chuckled nervously. “We’ll wait on your friend okay.” 
“Kay.” Lime nodded as she began typing Callie back.
“Thank you so much. Meet up at the park parking lot. I’m already here.” Lime pressed send and smiled to herself. She looked up to find Rock staring at his phone. He was tapping away on the screen. He glanced up at her and smiled. He turned the phone to face her. 
“This look right to you?” He asked. 
Google Maps was on the screen. The map showed the forest and a small line that represented a popular hiking trail through it.
“Yep.” Lime nodded. “Though there are more trails then that one.”
“Figures.” Rock rolled his eyes. “Google Maps, while you’re compact and portable, you’re just not perfect. You’re full of tiny glitches. But you GPS, so I can always find the bookstore. So I guess you’re not that bad.”
Lime giggled at his strange conversation with his phone. Her phone went off and she picked it up.
“Kk. Me and some others will be there in a bit.” Callie texted.
Lime responded, “Thanks tons.”
While Lime was testing her friend, Rock flipped on the contacts on his phone. He selected some names of his good friend.
“I’m going to be late. The artist who did those paintings needs help. Her sister is missing. Can some of you guys come down and join a search party?”
Rock sent his text as he opened the car door. “We should wait outside so your friends can spot us.” He went to get out, but was restrained by the seat belt. The brunette male silently sat back down and unbuckled himself. He then got out of the car. 
Lime raised an eyebrow at him as she joined him outside the car.
“That didn’t happen. Got it?” He stated as he put his hands in his pocket.
“Really?” Lime stifled a laugh. “I think it did.” 
“Shush. It didn’t happen. You’re just imagining things.” Rock stated half seriously, half-jokingly.
“Sure I am.” The green haired girl shrugged. “So, what is your brother like?”
The green eyed boy sat on the hood of his car as he stared at his boots. “He’s nice. I used to think that he was annoying when he would follow me around, but now I miss that. He likes boy scouts. He loves playing cops and robbers. He would play doctor to his soldiers when they got hurt.”
“That sounds nice.” Lime nodded.
“What about your sister? What is she like?” Rock asked curiously.
“She’s a sweet heart!” Lime beamed. “She’s mute, so she usually sticks to herself. She likes cartoons and drawing in her notebook.” 
“There you are!” Callie called. Her window was rolled down. She parked her small silver car next to Rock. “Who are you?” She asked curiously as she scrutinized the young man.
“I’m Rock.” He nodded. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. What’s your name?”
“I’m Callie!” She smiled as she got out of her car. “This is Julia, Rosa, and Bob.” She gestured to the other three young adults who got out of her car. “We’re searching through the woods?” She asked Lime as she hugged her.
“Yep.” Lime nodded.
“Good. I heard that one of the dogs caught her scent on a tree.” Bob nodded. His dad was a cop, so he probably heard it from him. The chess club captain began to walk to a trail. “So let’s get this search party on the road. I’ve already called, texted, and email everyone one on the chess club, book club, drama club that I could.”
“I called the dance and cheer squad.” Rosa stated. “They’ll hopefully join us in a bit.”
“I also brought maps!” Julie stated as she pulled out several folded up pamphlets. “I also brought some compasses!” She beamed as she handed a pamphlet and compass to everyone. 
“That way, if we get lost, we have a way of getting back.” Callie smiled. “Let’s go, the others can find their way when they get here.”
They walked into the woods. They pick a direction and headed forward. They checked the tall grass. They looked up into the trees. After all, Lemon was very good at climbing trees, so it wouldn’t surprise any of them if she was up in one. Rock seemed to be a master at climbing trees himself as he quickly went up a large tree. He went to the highest branch and stared out into the horizon. 
“I don’t see anything that looks like a person. Your sister is blond right?” He called down.
“Yeah!” Lime nodded.
“We came from that direction, so let’s try going this way.” Bob stated as he pointed further into the forest. By this time others had joined in on the search. Many were graduates who still lived in the town as they tried to figure out what to do with their lives. Others were seniors who were skipping class, but hey, at least they were doing something productive instead of heroin or spice. Each person had a map of the woods. They were putting tiny Xs on the areas they had visited so far. 
Further into the luxurious green labyrinth were the two lost children. They were following the stream. It seemed to have become deeper and wider, and to their surprised there were some small fish in the stream. The presence of the small aquatic animal made them agree that the stream had now become a river. 
“So how far do you think it is?” Gizzard asked curiously. The green eyed boy took a bite of the small pear in his hand.
“Not sure.” Lemon tapped on his shoulder. Her mouth was too busy chewing a slice of orange. “I’m sure we’ll get there if we keep going in one direction.”
“True, better than staying still.” The brunette mused.
The ground flew up at the back of their heels. They jumped at the sudden explosion. They examined the dirt and saw the shine of a bullet. 
The air stuck in their throats as they hand was clutched on a hunting rifle.
“Come back here now.” He hissed. His breath was ragged. Gizzard shook his head violently. “Now. Now.” The tall man tried to be sly. “Come on home with me now. You’ve caused enough trouble already. So please be a good boy.”
“No.” Lemon clacked her teeth. The blond was shaking her head vigorously. She had seen this man before. She had spoken to him. He seemed so nice. So kind.
“He is such a good snake that he makes the other snakes look like lambs.” Gizzard’s words from the night before echoed in her head.
The blonde’s shocked expression turned into a scowl. “How could you?” She clacked her teeth. 
“If you’re going to be so defiant, I guess I’ll just have to teach you to be a good boy again.” He stated as he pointed the barrel at them.
Gizzard grabbed Lemon’s arm and turned her around. They needed to get away. He pulled her away as her feet didn’t seem to want to move. The whole time the blue eyed girl was screaming at the man with the gun in rage.
“Shush.” He called to her. “Just run so we can escape.”
The ground was popping up where his bullets were landing. Small pieces of bark were flying off the trees where bullets had skimmed them.
Lemon soon started moving her own feet and the two picked up their pace. The whole time, the man kept chasing them. Pausing every so often to reload the gun. He wasn’t the best shot and with every miss, he became more and more frustrated. He was glad that he remembered to equip a silencer to his deadly weapon. He wouldn’t want the cops to hear them, now would he?
The two swerved around a large tree. Gizzard dared to look over his shoulder at his kidnapper. A bullet flew against his shoulder. Luckily, the only damage was to his green hoodie. He was grateful for the baggy clothes. His eyes began to glow green as he wished that he would trip on a tree root. He felt energy surge through his body. His left arm sprung outwards. His hand banged against the hard bark of the trunks. They then turned sharply. They continued over the leaves and breaking twigs. All they could hear was their hearts pounding and the crunching under their feet.
Gizzard gasped as he felt a hard tug at the collar of his hoodie. He struggled and the opened his green eyes to see Lemon. Her hands laid over his mouth. Her blue eyes stare through his coldly. The blond girl had dragged him into a small cave that was concealed by a trees and moss and one big rock which made the entrance to the cave hard to see. He was now against the rough wall of the small cave.
“Shush.” She ordered.
The brunette looked around, finally noticing his new surroundings. Lemon glanced outside y leaning back. The man was in the woods, darting his head around.
“Where the hell did they go?” He hissed.
Lemon crouched to the ground. She dragged Gizzard down with her. She pointed further down into the cave. The two slowly inched back further into the small cave. Being careful not to crunch the leaves under them.
The man became agitated as he ran pass a tree. He wasn’t a good hunter and felt ashamed that two children had gotten the better of him. He saw something yellow move up ahead. He made a dash for it, but his foot got stuck on a root and he tripped. Landing face first in the dirt. It seemed as if the root of the large tree rose to trip him on purpose. He let out a curse as he pulled himself up. He spat dirt out of his mouth as he ran towards the yellow he had scene.
Inside the cave, the two children were huddled up in the darkness. They sat holding their breath. Each hoping the man wouldn’t inspect the cave.
“Why do your eyes glow?” The girl asked after a few minutes.

Chapter 5: Mama Julie

“Why do your eyes glow?” The baby blue eye girl asked after a few minutes.
The boy looked up in the direction of her voice shocked. “Huh?” He asked confused.
“Your eyes. They glow ever so often. Why?” Lemon asked. “And don’t deny it, they’re glowing now.” The blond pointed to his glowing eyes. Her hand was illuminated softly by the bright green glow.
The boy’s voice was caught in his throat. What was he supposed to say? He swallowed his spit as he tried to think of how to explain his peculiar eyes. Then he took in a deep breath. “What do you think causes them to glow?” He asked.
“Depends, if I guess right?” Lemon smiled.
“I have a first edition copy of some super hero comics.” The boy smirked. “Guess right, and I’ll let you borrow them. Only borrow. And if you want, you can have one of them. Only one. Deal?”
The girl tapped her fingers on her chin as she thought it over. Then she smiled. “Deal.” 
The two shook hands on the deal.
“Now, guess away.” He waved his hand as he lend back against the cave wall. His eyes a soft dim light for them. 
“Okay.” The blond took a deep breath to compose herself. “Are you an alien?”
The boy leaned his head back and he let out a hearty laugh. “Alien? Do I look like some little green man? Am I creating crop circles? I hate to disappoint, but I don’t have a flying saucer either.”
“Okay. I was wrong.” Lemon crossed her arms as she gave a little pout. “Are you a vampire?”
Gizzard chuckled. “When did vampires have glowing eyes?”
Lemon shrugged. “You never know. I read a book in which vampires sparkle.” 
Gizzard stale faced. “Really? Seriously?” Lemon simply nodded. “Vampires don’t fucking sparkle. Whoever told you otherwise lied.”
“Well frankly, I feel a bit like Alice sitting here with you.” The blond stated.
“Well, why don’t you think like Dorothy and head for the Emerald City?” Gizzard teased with a broad smirk. His green eyes beginning to glow brighter.
Lemon shot up as she clasped her hands together. “That’s it!” She exclaimed. “You’re a wizard, but not a fraud like Oz.” 
Gizzard chuckled. “Yup.” He nodded. “Though I’m Wiccan and Native American. So I think the proper term is shaman or something.”
“So what all can you do?” The blond asked curiously.
“Not much.” The brunette shrugged. “I can connect with nature and ask for their help. Such as tree roots tripping people.” He gave a nervous laugh with a notorious grin. “And some other simple things, like making fruit grow on trees.”
“So that’s how you got so much fruit this morning!” The girl exclaimed.
The shaman boy chuckled. “Yes. That’s how I got the food.” He nodded.
“Does that man know?” Lemon questioned.
The boy shook his head. “Lucky for me.” He stated.
“Then why not use magic to escape?” The blue eye girl questioned.
“I have to be touching nature.” The boy explained. “There wasn’t any nature in that room I was in. Though it was torture seeing it through the window.”
“What about communicating with animals?” The blond asked.
“I can’t do that. It is a skill some people do have though. But I don’t have it. My brother has that skill. Though if you don’t regularly use it, it can become weak. Shamen are very careful with their skills. They use this skill to help them talk to animal spirits. It’s one of the reasons why Native Americans bless their food before they eat it.”
“Interesting. But you said you were wicken too. Is that because you use magic?” 
“No. Wiccan means I practice Wicca. Wicca just means I worship nature instead of ‘God’ like most people do.  I celebrate things like winter and summer solstice, where you probably celebrate Christmas or Easter.”
“Really?” Lemon was astonished. Was her world really so small? “So being Wiccan is like being Christian, Jewish, or Islamic, or any other religion?”
“Yes it is.” Gizzard nodded. “Though it’s more like Buddhism or Confucianism. It’s a philosophy.” 
“I can’t believe I didn’t know about it.” Lemon admitted in awe.
“Not many people do.” The brunette nodded. 
“Do you-”
BARK! BARK!
The two jumped at the sudden sound. Lemon crawled closed to the boy. She gripped his hand tightly.
“Your eyes!” She tapped in a hurry.
“Got it.” He tapped in return as he closed his eyes. Once calm, he opened his eyes. His green eyes were as normal as any eyes could be. “They normal?”
“Yep.” Lemon nodded in the darkness. “Does he have a dog?” 
“No. At least, I’ve never seen one.” He replied in Morse code.
The barking grew loud and closer. The two teens shrunk up against the wall of the cave. They were trapped. They soon picked up a female voice.
“Mama Julie!” The woman seemed to whine. “Please don’t jerk me so hard! You’re going to dislocate my shoulder.”
Mama Julie must’ve jerked her again, because it was followed by an ‘AR-EEP!’ sound. The two exchanged looks.
Then a bright light blasted them. The two looked up at the bright light like deer; they froze. They just blankly stared as a large dog approached them.
The dog went up to the blue eye girl. It smiled at as it let out a happy bark. The dog walked around them with a happy skip in its step. The girl’s blue eyes widened as her eyes followed the dog. The black and reddish brown pit bull snuggled up next to her leg. The dog came close to her face and gave her a great big kiss. This caused Lemon to laugh and pat the dog’s head as she tried to crane her head away from the dog’s affectionate kisses.
“You’re her!” The woman gasped. The two soon realized that woman before them was a police officer. “I’m so glad you’re safe! Who are you?” She asked taking notice of the brunette boy. The boy simply smiled up at her as tears slowly gathered at the brim of his eyes.
“Please.” He chocked. “Take us home.”
The officer nodded as she grabbed the radio on his shoulder. “I found her! Young Ms. Esmerald is in a cave in the woods. There is a brunette boy here with her. We need to get them to a medic for an examination to make sure they’re okay. Can we get some officers to escort them?”
“Got it. Can you take them to the cabin? A police cruiser there can take them to the hospital for an examination.” The dispatcher’s voice rung through the walkie talkie. 
“Understood.” The officer turned towards the two small children. “Can you two walk?”
The two nodded as they stood up. Mama Julie happily prancing around them like a puppy in a circle. Lemon petted her as she went by her hand. The officer grabbed hold of the pit bull’s leash.
“Stick close to me okay.” The officer ordered. The children nodded. The blonde grabbed a hold of the officer’s free hand. The brunette grabbed the blonde’s other hand. Once all their hands were linked, they started on the trail back to the cabin. 
In another part of the woods, the young adults were walking carefully through tall grass. One girl was cringing at the idea of a bug crawling across her shoe. Then a loud sound shot up through the woods, causing the kids to all jump. Two boys imitated Scooby-Doo and Shaggy, as one hopped up in the other’s arm and the two shivered in fear.
Then they recognized the distinctive sound.
“Super Mario!” Rock whined mockingly. “Answer your phone.”
Lime turned red from the embarrassment. She grabbed hold of her phone and clicked the answer button. She timidly spoke, “Hello? Lime here.”
The green haired girl nodded as she listened carefully to the person on the other end. “Really? You sure it’s her!” Tears blurred her vision. “Is she okay? Where is she? Yes. Yes. I’ll be right there.” She clicked the phone off and stared at the cell phone for a while. “They found her.” She mumbled softly. “They found her!” She explained with joy.
“Good! Where is she?” Rock asked as he quickly hopped out of the tree he was standing in. He was hoping he could see something from up there.
“They’re taking her to the hospital.” Lime answered.
“Come on then, I’ll give you a ride.” Rock stated as they began jogging towards the exit.
Lime ran as fast as she could. She was one of the first out of the woods. The others weren’t that surprise by how fast lime could run. The green haired girl used to run track in middle school.
Rock slid across the hood of his black sports car. He opened the door, hopped in, buckled his seat belt, shut the door, and turned the car on in one fluid motion.
A boy in the marching band dropped his jaw and stared in amazement. “Is your name Connor?” He asked in awe.
The young man laughed. “Nah.” He shook his head. “My name is Rock. But thanks for the compliment.”
Lime hopped into the car and buckled up.
“Ready?” Rock asked with a smile. His hand on the gear shift, ready to go.
“Take a left at the exit. Turn right four lights down. Go straight. The hospital will be on the left. There’s a hug sign. You can’t miss it.” Lime said in one breath.
The boy nodded as he put his car in gear. They zoomed to the town’s local hospital. The others got into their cars. Some were going to go back to school. Others were going back to their jobs, and some would be joining their fried at the hospital with open arms, ready to give comforting hugs to family.
Sherbet, the red headed single mother, was pacing the waiting area the hospital. Tears streamed down her red cheeks as she walked about. Her baby had been found and she felt greatly relieved for that. But her baby hadn’t yet returned home. She wanted nothing more than to embrace her baby girl in a big warm tight hug.
Patients in the hospital watched the mother with solemn expressions in silence. The nurses slowly called the patients back to see a doctor. One child had just entered the waiting room with his mother. The child had twisted his ankle while playing soccer with his friends. He was walking on crutches and his foot and been wrapped up tightly.
He wobbled up to Sherbet and tapped her arm. “Excuse me.” He said softly. Sherbet paused and looked at the boy. She gave the raven hair boy a soft smile. The boy smiled up at her. He reached into his pants’ pocket and pulled out a dum dum lollipop. “For you.” He stated as he held it up to her. “It’ll be okay.”
“Thomas.” His mother gasped behind him as she came up. “Pardon him, Sherbet.” She stated nervously as she looked at the distraught mother.
“No. It’s okay.” Sherbet stated as she accepted the piece of candy. “Thank you very much Thomas.” 
“You’re welcome. See you later.” The six year old stated as he wobbled outside to the car. “Come on mama! I wanna go eat lunch.”
His mother smiled at him as she walked over to her son. “See you later Sherbet.” She whispered as she gave a wave. Sherbet waved goodbye with a soft smile.
Shortly after, a black car came into the parking lot of the hospital. A green hair girl hopped out of the passenger side and ran for the entrance of the hospital. She stopped and jogged in place as she waited for the automated doors to open. Once the doors were opened, she ran inside the waiting room. Lime ran into her mother’s arms. 
“Have they brought her here yet?” Lime asked, a few tears escaped her eyes and ran down her face. Rock came in shortly after her. His walk was calmer, but he did seem very concern. 
“No. She’s not here yet. The police should have her here soon though.” Sherbet answered.
“Well, that’s a relief.” Rock stated as he nodded his head.
“And you are?” Sherbet asked with a curious look. She didn’t recall knowing any Native American young men around here.
“This is Rock.” Lime stated. “He commissioned me to do those paintings for him. He came by today to pick them up. He was kind enough to help me and some others look through another part of the woods for her.”
“Some of my friends even came up to help.” Rock stated with smile. “It took a while for them to get here though. I’m glad they found you’re daughter so quickly. You must be worried sick. Can I get you some juice or coffee?”
“Thank you.” Sherbet nodded. “But don’t worry about juice or coffee. I’ll be fine.”
Rock simply smiled and he gave a soft nod. The young man was rather tall. He was obviously younger the red head, but he was a good half foot taller than the 5 foot 4 woman. “Where is the vending machine here?” He asked politely.
“It’s over there.” Lime stated as she pointed to the tall bulky machines lined up along a wall next to a water fountain and a dull blue sign stating, “RESTROOMS” written in large beige white font. 
The brunette male uttered a soft, “Thank you,” as he walked over to the machines that give you food for coins. He glanced over the items in the machines for a moment. Once he found an item he wanted, he pulled out his wallet. He searched for spare coins and a few one dollar bills. Once he had his money, he put it into the machine and hoped the piece of machinery wouldn’t eat it without giving him what he wanted. He punched in the number code on the machine. He waited a moment for the machine to release the food. He grabbed the food and returned to where the two girls were. 
The two kids freaked when they realized they were back at the cabin. They grabbed on tightly to the officer and Mama Julie. The officer comforted them as she took them to the police cruiser. “We’re going to take you to the hospital now. Okay?” She stated softly. The two nodded softly.
Lemon and Gizzard were ushered into a police cruiser. A man with spikey raven hair was in the driver’s seat. Mama Julie crawled into the back with the two teens. The female officer closed the door and walked around and sat in the passenger seat.
“Hello kids,” He began kindly, “I’m Officer Henry. This is Officer Taylor.” He pointed towards the woman. “What are your names?”
Lemon clacked Morse code with her teeth. “I’m Lemon.”
“Are you cold?” Officer Henry questioned.
“Her name is Lemon. She’s mute. That clacking sound is Morse code.” Gizzard explained.
“Oh. I thought you only knew sign language. So what about you, son? What’s your name?”
“I can’t remember. It’s all a bit fuzzy.” The boy answered as he licked his lips nervously. 
“Do you know where you live? We can take you home.” Officer Taylor stated.
He licked his lips nervously. “You won’t let him hurt us, will you?” He asked tentatively.
“We’re the police. Of course we’ll protect you. Who do you think is going to hurt you?” Officer Taylor questioned.
Lemon sat up in her seat. She twisted her body to point out the back window at the cabin. “He was kidnapped.” Lemon clacked her teeth together.
Officer Taylor tilted her head and then grabbed a small note pad and a pen. She handed it to the young girl. “I’m sorry. I don’t know Morse code. Can you write it?” She said politely.
Lemon nodded as she took the pen and scribbled down the note pad. “He was kidnapped. I found him shackled in the cabin.” Lemon handed the note pad to the officer.
The woman’s eyes widened as she read the note. “You were kidnapped?” She asked in disbelief. The boy nodded quickly.
“He kidnapped me when I was in elementary.” The boy stated quickly.
“But you look like you should be in high school.” Officer Henry stated as he looked at them through the rear view mirror.
“I’ve been missing for years.” The brunette stated as he glanced up and then back at his feet. “He trapped me in that place. He said that I was his and his alone. I’m made to do house and yard work. I’m pretty much his little slave. That man is a snake!” The boy hissed in anger. “He’s still out there!” He pointed out the window of the car, gesturing deep into the forest.
Lemon grabbed the note pad and began scribbling quickly onto another piece of paper. She handed it to Officer Taylor quickly. “He chased us with a gun. That’s why we were in the cave.”
Officer Taylor’s eyes widened in shock. She ripped the walkie talkie piece from the police radio. She quickly turned the radio on and began talking. “Have police search the woods stat! There is a man accused of kidnapping in the woods. Suspect is said to have a gun.” 
Officer Henry turned down a road. “What does he look like?” He asked. He noticed the light was red and flicked the lights on his car and just went through it as others slowed and went to the side of the road. 
“He has short brown hair. He wears glasses. They usually have a small black frame.” Gizzard stated. “He’s about 5 foot 4, I think. But I’m not that sure.”
“The suspect has short brown hair and wears glasses.” Officer Taylor called into the radio. By this time, the police radio was blowing up with cops asking curious questions. “Suspect is said to own the wooden cabin. Get someone to find out who owns it and bring them in for questioning.”
“And here is the hospital.” Officer Henry announced as he pulled into a parking space at the hospital. “Let’s have the doctors make sure you two are okay.” 

Chapter 6: Hugs Bring Comfort

The two police and pit bull escorted the two children into the hospital. Sherbet instantly began crying as she saw her blond baby girl. Lemon instantly let go of Officer Taylor’s hand and hopped into her mother’s arm. Tears rained down her face and flew off her cheeks as she ran into her mother’s loving embrace.
“Lemon!” the red haired mother cried. “Are you okay?”
Lemon looked up at her mom and smiled. Her blue eyes still watering. She nodded quickly. “I feel fine.” She signed to her mom.
“I’m glad to hear that.” She nodded. “But the doctors will make sure of that.”
“I’m glad to see you okay. Though you look like you slept in a tree.” Lime stated as she hugged her sister tightly.
“I did sleep in a tree.” Lemon signed as she began to laugh. Her mother and sister exchanged looks in shock. Lemon’s laugh now had a sound to it. It was a strange, soft sound, but a sound none the less. This filled their hearts with joy as they embraced her in another hug. Lemon managed to escape the hug. She signed quickly. “This is my new friend.” She pointed to the brunette boy with green eyes. Gizzard licked his lips nervously as he gave a soft wave. “I met him in the woods.”
“Really?” Sherbet asked in awe. Lime stared at him for a moment. Something about this boy struck a chord with her, though she wasn’t sure what it was. “What’s your name?” She asked as she signed.
“I don’t remember that very well. My nick name right now is Gizzard though.” He stated softly. “Lemon gave it to me.” 
“Well, Gizzard, I’m Sherbet. And this is my daughter Lime.” The blue green eyed woman stated. “How are you feeling?”
The boy gave this some thought. “Scared and nervous.” He answered simply.
By this time, a nurse had approached them. Her brown hair was pulled back into a bun. “The doctors are ready to see you now. If you would come with me.” She stated politely. The two children went willingly with the nurse.
Sherbet and Lime went to follow the nurse. “Can we come with her?” Sherbet asked as she walked beside the nurse. 
The nurse smiled. “Of course, Mrs. Esmerald.”
A male nurse came and led Gizzard down one hall. Officer Henry went with the young boy. Gizzard waved bye to the blond girl who happily waved back. Before Lemon went with the nurse to another room, a tall man approached them. 
“I have returned.” He announced. “And I see so have you. What up?” 
Lemon tilted her head as she stared quizzically at the man. “Who is he?” She signed to her older sister.
“This is Rock.” Lime stated with a smile. “He commissioned me to do those paintings of his brother. He came to pick them up, but decided to help us search for you.”
“Oh.” Lemon stated a loud in awe. Then she smiled at the tall man. “Thank you.” She signed.
“No problem.” He extended his hand for a shake. “You just try to stay safe now, okay?” The two shook hands. Rock remained in the waiting room as the Esmerald family went to another room to see a doctor.
Rock sat in a beige metal folding chair. He grabbed his phone from his pocket. He turned on the screen and dialed the number he had memorized by heart long ago. He pressed call and waited. A soft ringing began three seconds later. He hummed to himself as he patiently waited for an answer. One ring. Three rings. Five rings. As the seventh began, there was a click. 
“Hello.” A familiar voice stated. “Cherokee County Police Station. This is Detective Hoover. How may I help you?”
“Hey Herbert.” Rock stated with a solemn expression.
“Oh, hello Mr. Sahale.” Detective Herbert Hoover replied. His voice was tired. He had spoken to the young adult on numerous occasions.
“Is there anything new about my brother, or the case?” Rock asked as he strummed his fingers on his knee. 
“Sadly, no.” Detective Hoover answered with a very exasperated tone. “I haven’t been able to find any new clues about Cheveyo’s disappearance. I’m deeply sorry, but we are doing are best to find him.”
“I know Herbert. I know.” Rock nodded. He knew how much sleep the detective had lost. The sacrifices he had made to track down every single lead that came in. The detective had given up time with his wife and children. Birthdays, holidays, school performances, ball games, you name it; Detective Hoover had probably missed it searching for the little boy. “I was just…” He paused as he swallowed his courage, “Hoping that a new lead had come up.”
In the forest, the man was walking through the forest. The two children had eluded him, but he was going to find them eventually. They were going the further into the thick woods instead of towards civilization anyway. He checked his ammo to make sure he had enough. He really only needed two bullets, but with his terrible aim, he would need a lot more than just two small bullets.
He was thankful that he had three rounds of books in his pockets. He was sure he had an extra clip or two in the backpack he had. He stopped as he stared at a rather large rock. Would those two brats have climbed this? It certainly was a possibility. Though he was getting annoyed. He hadn’t seen his targets in a while, and he was right behind them a few minutes ago. He checked his watched. He cursed as he noticed the time. He had been searching for those two for almost an hour! He would have to make up a good excuse for his job. Stomach flu? That might work. He could easily lie and say he ate some bad Chinese.
He slung his back pack off his shoulder and sifted through. He pulled a brown compass out of the bag. He threw it back on his back and began walking towards the town. He was a good woods man. He remembered which way he had come. He followed his trail in reverse. He figured the two were too lost to be found anyway. 
Then he saw a man dressed in navy blue walking through the woods. He then took in the sight of several other men and women, all in the same uniform. He took note of the thick bullet proof vest they were wearing. He sucked in a breath and hoped he could sneak pass them without being noticed. Lady Luck had been on his side for all these years; she wouldn’t dare abandon him now. 
“Hey you!” An officer called. The man began to walk faster, pretending not to hear the police man. “Hey stop! I want to ask you some questions.” The officer began to chase the man. The man just walked faster, hoping that the officer would just leave him be. 
However, this was not going to work. As the officer continued to call to him, other police men began to take notice of him. Then one officer stepped in front of him. He couldn’t pretend not to hear them now. Though he wished his could. “Stupid officer.” He thought to himself. 
“Excuse me.” The officer stated as he put a hand in front of him.
“Oh!” He pretended to act surprise. “Hello officer. How can I help you?” He plastered a fake, sweet smile on his face.
“May I ask what you’re doing out here?” The officer asked.
“I was out here hunting this morning.” He pointed in a far off direction. “I wasn’t able to catch anything, but I did fire a few bullets trying.” He lied. He wasn’t sure if they would want to check the gun for spent rounds or not. “I got frustrated and got lost back there. It’s rather thick that way.”
“Of course.” The officer nodded with a smile. “Can you come to the station and give that statement there. For paper purposes, of course.” 
“Not a problem officer. But what are you guys doing out here?” He asked curiously. He hoped they weren’t there for what he thought they were.
“One of the dogs picked up a scent of the missing girl around in the woods. Another one found a bullet casing and bullet. We probably just over reacted a little. For all I know, the bullet could be one of your spent ones from hunting.” The officer added. “We just got to cover our bases. Wouldn’t want to mess up and have someone getting our hides.” He added with a laugh.
“Of course.” The man laughed along with the officer. 
Two officers walked him back to his car. He threw his bag into the passenger seat of the car and carefully placed his gun in the back floor board. He waved to the officers with a fake smile as he drove off. 
“GREAT! Just great!” He yelled in frustration at himself. “Now I’m stuck talking to the police! When I get my hands on that boy…” He growled as he drove towards the police station. 
At the police station, the man plastered a smile on his face. He acted kind and innocent. Surely, the police had nothing against him. His record was squeaky clean. He had done nothing wrong at all. He was just out doing a little hunting in the woods.
The police were polite with the man. They took his information and entered it into their computer. The man had no previous criminal record that they could find, but given the circumstances they sent a fax of the man’s driver license to the hospital to be put in a line up to be given to the children. If this was their man, they didn’t want to risk him getting rid of any evidence. 
“So, is this your current address?” The police officer asked as he looked over the address on the license. His name tag read Horris. 
“Yes sir.” The man nodded.
“So tell me, where exactly is this address, Mr. Gret?” The officer asked.
“It’s a little cabin down the gravel trail in the woods. I got it from a friend of mine.” The man smiled.
“Really?” Officer Horris said in awe. The police had found blood in a room at that very same cabin that day. They had a warrant on this man. “So, why don’t you tell me what you were doing in the woods today, Mr. Gret.” He needed to keep him talking.
“I was doing some hunting this morning. I saw a very good size buck, and I decided to give it a try. Sadly, though, I’m not the best shot. The buck was also too fast for me, so I missed several times. I chased the buck for a while and ended up getting a little lost. So it took me a while to find my way back again.”
“Interesting.” Officer Horris nodded. “Well, Mr. Gret, are you aware that officers were at your home today.”
Mr. Gret’s eyes widened behind his glasses. “Wha… wha… what?” He stammered as he tried to comprehend what the police man had said. “W… why?” 
“It seems that there was blood found at your residence that a search dog picked up on. Can you explain that to us sir?” The officer asked.
“Blood?” Mr. Gret played dumbed. “I don’t recall any blood.” He twiddled with his fingers for a moment. “Oh! Wait, now I remember! I feel and scrapped my knees one day while going for a jog. I must not have cleaned the carpet properly. Maybe that’s what the dog picked up on.” He lied quickly.
“Sadly sir, we have evidence that says the contrary.” The officer scowled at the man before him. “We did a search of your home.”
“Wh...WHAT!” Mr. Gret yelled as he slammed his hands on the table. “You have no right to search my home without my permission or a warrant!”
“Calm down sir.” Officer Horris stated.
“You have NO right. That is a violation of the law to come into my house uninvited!” Mr. Gret screamed.
“Calm down Mr. Gret.” Officer Horris stated. But this didn’t work; the man went off on a tangent. He was ranting and raving as Officer Horris just sat there and stared at the man with no expression on his face. Another officer named, Joshua, came in. He was tall man with a short black hair. He was muscular and towered over the man. 
“Mr. Gret,” He said in a stern tone, catching the enraged man’s attention. “Please sit down and allow us to talk for a moment.” Mr. Gret stared at him. His charcoal eyes almost looking afraid. He became silent. He deflated into his seat as Officer Joshua sat down across from him next to Officer Horris. “A dog picked up the scent of recent blood and the scent of a missing child around your residence. We called the court house and got a warrant to search the house. We have the warrant here if you’d like to see it.” Officer Joshua pulled a folded up piece of paper out of his back pocket. He unfolded it and slid it in front of the man. 
The man grabbed the piece of paper. He slid his glasses up the bridge of his nose that he could read the parcel. His dark eyes glanced over the official document. He scowled at the document as he put it back down on the table. “I haven’t done anything wrong.” He stated simply.
“Now, Mr. Gret,” Officer Horris shook his head as he stood up, “You knows what happens next?” He paused as pulled out a pair of hand cuffs from his pocket. “Mr. Richard Gret, you are under arrest for suspicion of kidnapping and entrapment of a young man.” The officer stated. “You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you can not afford an attorney, one will be appointed for you.” Mr. Gret remained silent as the officer placed the cuffs around his wrist. He wore no expression as they carted him off to the county jail.
The doctor spoke softly to the young brunette boy. The boy was currently staring around the sterilized white room. He was trying hard to remember his name, but it kept escaping him. The doctor had given him a small pad of paper and a box of eight crayons. He was currently drawing pictures of trees and flowers. The drawings were crude and hard to identify, but the boy was trying his best as he relayed his story to Officer Henry and the doctor.
“So, what do you think Doctor Schwartz?” Officer Henry asked as he glanced at the medical official. 
“I think he’s gone through a lot of trauma, which is why he can’t remember his name yet.” Dr. Schwartz stated as he made a note on his pad. “We can take his prints and a sample of his DNA and see if we get a hit in the missing person’s database. But right now, we need to get him in better condition. He has little to eat and nothing really nutritious. I’m amazed his teeth haven’t begun to fall out yet. He’s just lucky he doesn’t need surgery.”
“Can we stop talking like I’m not here?” The boy spoke up as he looked up from his drawing.
“Sorry son.” The doctor stated. “How are you feeling?”
“A lot better now. Thank you.” The boy stated politely. “Can I go see if Lemon is okay, now?” 
Doctor Schwartz tilted his head. “Who?”
“Lemon. She looks like this.” He rose up the pad to show a scribble of a stick person with yellow swirls around the head for hair and two blue dots for eyes. “She’s my friend! She found me. Is she okay?”
“I’m sure she’s just fine, champ.” Officer Henry stated with a smile. “Why don’t we send a nurse to see if she’d like to join us for lunch?” He turned to the white haired doctor. “It would be best to get a good meal into their systems.” 
Then another officer came into the room. Officer Jones came into the room holding a black binder. “I have the lineup.” He stated. “Is he well enough to look through it?” 
“What’s a lineup?” Gizzard asked curiously as he hopped off the tall rubber chair. He lost his balance, but quickly regained it before his face vaulted into the floor. Once he was stable on his feet, he smiled up at the men around him.
“A lineup is when we line a bunch of similar looking men or women, and we show them to the witness to see who committed a certain crime.” Doctor Schwartz explained.
“In this case, these are pictures of men who match the description you gave us that we think might be the guy who kidnapped you.” Officer Henry concluded.
“Can I see the pictures?” the green eyed boy asked softly. “And then we can go see Lemon, right?”
“I guess.” Doctor Schwartz nodded. “But if anything bothers you, don’t be afraid to tell us, okay?”
“Okay!” He smiled up at the doctor.
Officer Jones knelt down in front of the boy and opened the small black binder. Inside were multiple color photos of various men. “Are any of these men the one who kidnapped you?” Officer Jones asked.
The green eyed boy glanced over the pictures one by one, and then he suddenly stopped. He gulped and then took in a deep breath. He pointed at one image in the center of the second to last row. “That’s him.” He stated as he stared at the picture. “That’s the man who took me.” He looked up at Officer Henry. “You’re going to make sure he can’t hurt anyone else, aren’t you?”
“We’ll do our very best.” Officer Henry assured him. “Go inform the others which one he identified. Have you sent one to the girl yet?”
“Yes. Officer Jenny went to show the lineup to her as I came over here.” Officer Jones answered. 
“Then let’s go get some lunch.” Officer Henry stated as he walked out of the room. “Come on kiddo.” He gestured to the little boy who quickly rushed to follow him.
As they reached the waiting room, Gizzard was grabbed suddenly from behind. He yelped loudly, causing everyone to turn and stare at the boy. He turned to see his assailant and gasped. Behind him was a girl with blond hair and blue eyes. She smiled at him. She had hugged him. 
“I’m glad to see you’re okay.” She clacked her teeth happily.
He nodded happily. “Likewise.” He stated. Then he glanced at her hands around his waist. “Would you mind letting me go?” Lemon nodded as she let go of her friend.
“Well, hello there Miss Esmerald.” Officer Henry greeted the young girl. “Would you like to join us for lunch in the cafeteria here?”
Lemon turned towards her mom and big sister who were standing behind her. “Can we?” She signed to her mother.
“I don’t see why not.” Sherbet nodded. “The cafeteria is this way.” She stated as she began to walk towards the sign. “Lime, why don’t you go invite Rock? He’s still waiting on us. He was kind enough to help us search for Lemon.”
“’Kay.” Lime stated as she walked over to get the young man. “Hey Rock.” Lime greeted the tall man. “You want to come get something to eat with us in the cafeteria? When we get out of here, I’ll give you those paintings, okay?”
“Sounds good.” Rock stood up and stretched. “How is your sister feeling?” He asked kindly.
“She’s feeling great.” The green haired girl stated. “Though, I don’t think her friend can leave yet. So we’re going to get lunch here with him and another officer.”
“Friend?” Rock questioned as they walked over to join the others.
“Yeah. They found another kid with her.” Lime nodded. “He really is such a sweet heart.”
“That’s good. Did they call…” Rock’s words fell short. His tongue felt heavy in his tongue as he noticed the brunette boy. He was walking beside the blond girl. Rock stood behind him for a moment, unable to move his feet which seemed to turn into lead. He felt a pain in his chest as he stared at the boy. He looked a lot like his own little brother. The umber brown hair was shorter in the back going down to the base of his neck. In the front, his bangs on left side were long and went down pass his shoulders. A hair style similar to what his brother had, but longer and unkempt. The hair color was the exact same shade. The green hoodie that wrapped around his body was filthy and tattered, but on the right arm in faded white letters was the name of a well-known basketball team. It looked just like the old one he had given his little brother because he was out growing it and didn’t want to throw it away. His jeans were ripped and covered in dirt and paint. His bare feet were bruised and covered in dirt and grass, just like the rest of him.
“Rock?” Lime asked, regaining his attention.
“Yes?” His brain clicked on as he turned to face the confused green haired girl.
“You okay?” The light green haired girl asked.
“Yeah. I’m fine.” Rock asserted. He tried his best to stop comparing the small boy to his missing little brother. It wasn’t possible. He had stopped boys resembling his brother to see if they were him with vain hope. Each time had been a failure. He needed to keep calm. This one would just be another one of those instances, and the last thing he needed was to be viewed as a crazy person.
They each walked along the food bar in the cafeteria, putting what they wanted onto their plates. They sat down at a rectangular, light grey table. Lemon began to push her hair behind her shoulders so that it wouldn’t get in her food, but her light blond hair defied her. Her hair kept creeping over her shoulder’s every time, threatening to enter her food.
“Here. Let me help you.” Sherbet pulled her youngest daughter’s hair back and wrapped into a pony tail. Once she was satisfied with the new hair due, she smiled. “Now it won’t get into your food.” She took the seat next to Lemon. Lime sat on their mother’s other side. Gizzard sat across from Lemon with Officer Henry beside him. Rock sat on the other side of the police man. 
Gizzard stared happily at his plate of food. He was starving! But no matter how much his stomach grumbled; he wasn’t sure what to eat first. He picked up his fork and hovered it over his plate. He then stabbed a chicken liver with the plastic fork and began to take huge bites out of it. He hummed with glee. 
“Do you like chicken livers?” Officer Henry asked with a kind smile. The boy looked up at the officer with a broad grin on his face and nodded. “That’s good. I could never stand them. I’m glad someone likes them.” The boy stifled a laugh as he took another bite of food. “What about you? Um… I don’t think I’ve met you yet.” The man stated as he addressed the tall young man beside him.
“I’m Rock.” He nodded. Even though he was younger than the man beside him, he was still a few inches taller than the officer. “I hired Miss Lime to do some paintings for me.” He stated with a kind smile.
“He even helped me organized a small search party to come look for Lemon.” Lime stated happily.
“Well, aren’t you a kind person?” Officer Henry smiled in approval. The younger boy on the other side of the officer leaned back in his seat. He couldn’t see the guy clearly through the tall police beside him. His green eyes grew wide at the sight of the young man. He was tall. While not bulky from muscle, he had some lean muscle. The earring he wore was a dream catcher with three bird feathers dangling from it. His hair was cut short in the back, but he had a braid going down the left side of his face. He recognized his face very well. It was so familiar to him. He stood there motionless as he stared intently at the man. “Is something wrong kid?” Officer Henry asked as he noticed the boy gawking.
Gizzard’s chair leaned back a little too far as the chair fell over with the boy in it. Everyone rushed to help him with numerous questions. Once he was sitting up and they made sure he didn’t have a concussion, the boy went back to staring at Rock.
“Is something wrong?” Rock asked. He felt uncomfortable with the boy staring at him.
He reached out his hand to touch the side of his face and stared into his hazel eyes. “Brother.” He mumbled softly. “You look just like brother.” Tears began to form on the brim of his eyes.
“I do?” Rock tilted his head. Could this really be his missing little brother, Cheveyo? If so, why hadn’t Detective Hoover been informed yet? What exactly was going on? “Can you tell me what your name is then?”
Gizzard allowed a few tears to escape his eyes. “I don’t remember it.” He shook his head. Tears clung to his long eye lashes. He glanced down at his hands in his lap.
“Do you have a little brother?” The officer asked with concern.
“Yeah. My little brother, Cheveyo. He went missing 7 years ago when he was in elementary.
The boy’s green eyes widened as he recognized the name. He glanced at the faded green hoodie he was wearing. He began tugging at the sleeves. He pulled his arm inside the oversized top. He then pushed the hoodie onto his shoulders and then pulled it over his head. With the shirt now inside out, he began tracing over the collar and stopped as he grabbed the white tag inside. He held it up like he had won a trophy. 
“What is it?” Officer Henry quizzed as he took the garment from the boy. He stared at the name scribbled on the tag. He fumbled as he tried to pronounce the name, but with no real success.
“Sahale?” Rock asked as he stared at the officer with a questionable look.
“How do you spell that?” Officer Henry asked curiously.
“S-A-H-A-L-E.” The two boys spelled out as if they had rehearsed it a thousand times before. The boy shot out of his seat with a smile across his face. He instantly wrapped his arms around the older one.
“Brother! I knew it! It really is you!” He cried as salty tears stained Rock’s shirt.
“So you really are Cheveyo.” Rock sighed with relief. “And here I thought I was just mistaken again.” He patted his little brother’s head. “You’re filthy.” He noted. “How’d you get all the way over here?”
“He took me.” Cheveyo replied, relieved to know that he had found at least one family member again.
“Who’s he?” Rock asked. “Has this guy been found?”
“Don’t worry; the police have the man in custody. He’s currently being booked as we speak.” Officer Henry comforted him. “Though we were still working on identifying him. I’ll give the other officers a ring to tell him we have an ID on him now. How do you pronounce your names again?” 
“Sahale. I’m Rock. He’s Cheveyo.” Rock answered, pronouncing the names slowly and carefully.
The officer pulled out a note pad from his pants pocket. “Write that down for me.” Rock did that with a happy smile. “Thank you. I’ll be right back. No more falling out of seats now, got it?”
“Yes sir.” Cheveyo nodded. Officer Henry gave him back the old faded hoodie before he walked off. The green eyed boy put the hoodie back on before he sat back down to eat.
“Well, looks like you got a happy ending quicker than you expected, huh?” Lime smiled as she took a bite of her food.
“Hm-mm.” Cheveyo nodded with delight as he grabbed his fork.
“Now eat your food.” Rock ordered. “You’re too skinny. And afterwards, I’ll see about getting you bathed until you’re squeaky clean.” He stated as he poked his little brother, who giggled happily. “I’m not joking. You smell terrible.”
“Geez. Thanks Rock.” Cheveyo rolled his eyes as he popped a fork full of food in his mouth.
Afterwards, Cheveyo’s parents had been called. They were on their way to the small town from their home. From the way they sounded on the phone, they had just hopped into a car and began rolling as soon as his name was mention. Rock agreed to act as his little brother’s guardian until their parents arrived. 
Since both Cheveyo and Lemon seemed to get along well, Sherbet offered to allow Rock and Cheveyo to stay at her residence. They were currently sitting around in a circle in the living room floor. The two children were nice and clean, Rock had even gone to the point as to help Cheveyo bathe, much to the younger’s protest. Now they were now sitting around a board game called Sorry. Although it didn’t matter how many times you said the title during the game, no one was ever really sorry when they bumped someone else back to the beginning of the game. Currently, Lime proved that lady luck was her friend when it came to rolling dice. The green haired girl had won at least 5 times. Rock didn’t mind, he was just trying to help Cheveyo roll something other than snake eyes. Lemon was used to her sister winning Sorry all the time, so she didn’t mind.
“How about we play a different video game?” Lemon signed to her sister. 
Lime nodded. “That sounds like a good idea. But which game should we play?”
Lemon thought about it for a moment. Then a light bulb went off over her head. “Be right back.” She signed before racing off to another one of the rooms in the house. Their father had made it as a game room, but so far they just used it as some sort of library. The shelves on one side were lined with books. The shelves on the other side, however, were lined with numerous video games. Their parents had collected them when they were younger. Lemon walked up to a shelf lined with several different consoles. She picked one at random and picked it up. She grabbed the drawer with the remotes and power cords. She placed the console in it and then skimmed the title of games for it. She grabbed a few at random and brought them down and plopped them into the drawer. She picked up the drawer and went to join the others in the living room. 
For the next few hours, the teens spent their time playing various games and talking smack about the games. Sherbet made various snacks as she watched them play. She even played a few rounds of one of the games, stumping the other’s records easily. They all praised the single mother as she did some bows.
A knock at the door caught their attention. “Coming!” Sherbet called as she walked towards the door, leaving the teenagers to the video games. She opened the door with a smile. “Hello! How can I help you?” She asked politely as her eyes greeted three adults and a happy dog. She recognized the officer who had been there earlier, though she didn’t recognize the other two adults.
“Mrs. Esmerald,” Officer Taylor introduced, “This is Mr. and Mrs. Sahale.” 
“Are our boys here?” The man was wearing a naval uniform. 
“Yeah. They’re playing video games right now. Please come in.” Sherbet stepped aside for them. “They’ll be happy to see you.”
“Thank you for taking care of our boys.” The woman gave a sweet smiled. “I hope they haven’t caused you any trouble.” 
“No. It wasn’t a problem.” Sherbet nodded. “You and Mama Julie can come inside too, Officer Taylor.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Esmerald.” She nodded as her and her happy pup entered the house.
“We have company!” Sherbet called into the house. “So ya’ll better be willing to share the games.”
“Kay!” They answered in unison with Lemon signing ‘okay’. 
Cheveyo recognized the company instantly. He hoped up from his seat and rushed over to greet them. But one of the cords got tangled around his foot, and he landed face first on to the carpet. He looked up with a cheesy grin.
Lime reached down and carefully untangled the boy. Rock helped him up and dusted him off some.
“You guys sure made good time.” Rock noted as he smiled up at his parents. As soon as Cheveyo wasn’t tangled up in any video game cords, he raced over and gave his parents a big huge. The warm embrace was returned. 
“It’s so nice to see you.” Cheveyo stated as he looked up at his parents. “I’m sorry,”
He was cut short as his mother placed a finger over his mouth. “We’re just happy to hear that you’re okay.” She stated softly. 
“And here I was, about to give up hope of ever seeing my baby boy alive again.” Mr. Sahale muttered teary eyed. He lifted his boy up into the air and smiled up at him. “You’ve gotten so big.” Cheveyo smiled and nodded as his own green eyes became watery. “Sadly, you’ve also gotten heavy.” He struggled to keep his son up, so he gently placed him down on the ground. He rustled his hair with a smile. Cheveyo giggled as he hugged his father around the waist.
Cheveyo and his family soon returned home. The boy left in a car with his parents, while Rock drove his black car behind him. Rock paid Lime for the two paintings he ordered and left a large tip with it too. He carefully loaded them into the back seat of his car, before following his parents. Mr. Gret was now behind bars, convicted of several counts, including kidnapping, false imprisonment, enslavement, and child abuse. Cheveyo was currently working on catching up on the 7 years of life he had missed. His parents believe education is very important and are helping him the best way they can. He was very determined to catch up too. 
Lemon, herself, was grateful that it was all over now. She had missed a lot of school days too, with the court trail and such. But she didn’t mind; she was never that thrilled about school in the first place. The blond girl still had to go though. She was happy that they got a new sign language teacher, and this actually got to teach a sign language class on top of teaching her all her basic studies. He was also a track coach, so everyone just called him Coach. He took the effort of making sure all the kinds could learn the basics of sign language. Lemon was even surprised to find that some of the classmates she had had previously signed up to take sign language one. Lemon just stayed in the classroom with Coach Creak. When it came time for sign language class, she somehow, turned into a teacher’s assistant. She would go around one half of the class room, going over basic signs with the other kids. 
Lemon thought it was funny when they tried to get her to talk. She just signed, “I’m mute.” It was one of the first sentences they came to understand. Couch Creak was just glad that the kids in the class at the moment seemed to be willing to learn. Though he kept mumbling, “Just watch, next year’s sign language 1 class probably won’t want to be here.” It didn’t take long for the class to realize that the teacher had a good sense of humor, and welcome jokes in the classroom. Though he would often make challenges of “If you can sign that joke understandably, then I’ll give you 5 extra points on the next test.” Needless to say, it was a great motivator for some students.
Lemon also got to take breaks between subjects if she was doing well in them. It was during these breaks that she would often write letters to Cheveyo. The two had agreed to stay in touch. It was strange; it was like she went for a run in the forest and brought back a brother. It certainly made her day a little brighter. Cheveyo was intoned with things. He had a habit of just sitting next to a person for a few minutes on the bus and be able to drop a gum drop of encouragement into their laps before departing. While Lemon couldn’t exactly speak with vocal cords, the green eye boy had opened her eyes to the fact that it didn’t matter. She was just her, and that was all that mattered. She had her own voice and it was just as powerful and wonderful as all the other voices that rung throughout the world. She just had to take the first steps into getting people to hear her voice.


###
About The Author

Hello! My name is Krissie Gault. Currently, I’m an art student pursuing a degree in Animation. I’ve loved writing down my stories since I figured out that I could when I was 8. After thinking about publishing some of my work, I came to Smashwords. I live with my grandparents in a small house with a big yard. I draw inspiration from the things around me and the dreams I have. I’m currently working on a book series, which I have dubbed, Discovering.

Other Books by Krissie
Spider Princess - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/351005
Poetry Collection - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/357617
What Should My Wish Be? - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/351117
The Little Turtle’s Super Adventure - http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/367997
The Itty Bitty Princess - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/357294

Connect with Krissie Gault
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/krissie
Deviantart: http://deathmegasega3.deviantart.com/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/KrissieAMaureen
Tumblr: http://krissieanamaureen.tumblr.com/


