

























































































Dominion

Melody  Manful



























All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
Find the author on twitter @melodymanful and Goodreads. 
For more information, glossary, original music and contact, visit the author’s website.
www.melodymanful.com
Facebook page: Melody Manful Author

Illustrations by Daniel Kordek (front cover and medallion) and Andrey Kaliuzhny (back cover: rose)

Copyright © 2012 – 2013 Melody Manful
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 0615739458
ISBN-13: 978-0-615-73945-8












CONTENTS
STATE OF GRACE	1
MY HALLELUJAH	8
TURNING POINT	15
MY REIGN	18
SUPER-MAN	25
HERO VS. VILLAIN	32
MY REALITY	42
DEFYING GRAVITY	48
INNOCENCE	56
AVALANCHE	66
PARANORMAL STRANGER	72
WARNING BELLS	79
LAIR, LAIR	85
RAPUNZEL, RAPUNZEL	89
HELL ON WHEELS	94
CHASING DAWN	98
HOW YOU LEARN TO LIVE ALONE 	101
BEST FRIENDS FORNEVER 	108
CAROUSEL	113
DARK KNIGHT	119
FLIPPED	123
RING OF FIRE	129
HAPPINESS	136
RECKONING	141
LA BELLA E LA BESTIA	146
THE STRUGGLE	155
SHADOW BOXING	160
BLOODLUST	169
UPSIDE DOWN	174
DARK VEIL	181
TURNING POINT	186
DAMAGED	192
BROKEN STRINGS	195
ACHILLES’ HEEL	201
KRYPTONITE	210
BRIDGES AND WALLS	216
THE PRESTIGE	221
OUR FAIRYTALE	228
BOY MEETS GIRL	232
TOWARDS EVER-AFTER	239
CARPE DIEM	245
TITANIC	247
DESIRE	250
BEAUTIFUL LAIR	255
BROKEN ANGEL	260
ALMOST PARADISE	269
WHITE SATIN	276
IMMORTALITY	281
HEAVEN CAN WAIT	288
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS	292




STATE OF GRACE
Tristan

“A moment, that’s all it takes to live.
A hope, that’s all it takes to believe.
A dream, that’s all it takes to wish.
A blink, that’s all it takes to lose it all.”


Hey, have you two seen a ghost around here?” Just like that, the stoners I was talking to were staring at me as if I’d lost my damn mind. 
The stoners each held a joint in one hand and a beer in the other, and looked to be about nineteen. I wasn’t even sure they could see me because their eyes were bleary and dull, and it seemed as though they were finding it hard to keep them open. 
They looked so very still after a while that I found myself looking for a sign of some sort to assure myself they were still breathing. The first boy obviously was, because he slowly blew a puff of smoke into the air. His friend had a small smile on his lips, and was slowly blinking his bloodshot eyes, so I now was certain he, too, was alive. 
Since they weren’t responding, I answered my own question. “No?” I shook my head. “All right, then. I’ll just look over there.” I pointed to a mausoleum on the right, and without waiting for an answer made my way over to it.
I’d barely taken three steps when one of the stoners said, “What a creep.” Then they started laughing. I guess they weren’t hummed enough to let my question go unanswered after all. 
“Yeah, man. What a freak.” Thank you very much, drunk teenagers, for calling me a freak when you two are in a cemetery in the middle of the night drinking and smoking away your future!
I couldn’t blame them though, because I felt like a freak. Here I was in a cemetery looking for a ghost because, as it happened, I had just lost one. 
Now, how do I even go about calling a ghost?
“Um, hello Mr…” I didn’t know his name. “I’m not going to hurt you. I’m here to help.” 
Stopping in front of the mausoleum, I turned to take in my surroundings, not that there was much to see other than crumbling gravestones. 
“He-e-e-ere, Ghosty-ghosty-ghosty! Here, Ghosty.” Yep, I had lost my goddamn mind. 
I should be sleeping.
Technically speaking, I can’t sleep. My species—is that the right word?—doesn’t need sleep. All the same, it felt like I should be sleeping. I should be tucked into a bed, dreaming, instead of where I was: a musty graveyard, creeping around at two in the morning.
Except I wasn’t here at two in the morning because I was some kind of a nutcase, though I might very well qualify as a nutcase in many ways. No, I was here because I was trying to make sure the soul that had died in my arms two minutes ago was moving on and not joining the ‘We Have Unfinished Business’ club. You’d think after I’d tried to save the man’s life he’d consider making my job a little easier, but instead here I was, stalking him in a scary cemetery in Australia. Australia, for God’s sake.
“Mr. Ghost, are you out here?” I called out again. “Hello!”
I needed a new job, because this one sucked.
“What is he doing?” one of the stoners asked, and I turned my attention back to them. I had almost forgotten they were there. 
The one in the hooded jacket nodded before answering, “I don’t know man. Let’s get out of here. He could be a serial killer or something.” 
A serial killer? Now I felt insulted. The boys were fumbling about for their beers, anxious to be off; once they had the bottles in hand, they hurried away, as if they’d seen a ghost. If only they had.
“It was nice meeting you!” I shouted after them. At the sound of my voice, the boys sped up from a drunken shamble to a run.
Great! There went my company.
“Hello!” I shouted into the cold air once more. “Is anyone out here?” Silence. It was like talking to a bunch of dead people. Ha! That almost got a laugh out of me, and I likely would have laughed if it weren’t that laughing might confirm that I was a creep. Chasing down a ghost in the dead of night to keep him from setting off on an unholy rampage? Not as much fun as you’d think. The life I was living was ridiculous, like one big sitcom. Sometimes I could almost hear the audience in the background booing and laughing.
My people’s way of life is less a way of life than a compulsion. Too damn bad it’s a ‘good people’ compulsion and not a ‘normal people’ compulsion. I’d pretty much have gone for anything but the ‘good people’ one.
My people, the people of the realm of Lumens, are kind and loving by nature, the very embodiments of capital G capital P Good People. We are guardian angels, and we guide our assigned humans, help our neighbors, and at the end of the day, sing Kumbaya around the campfire.
Fine. The song part isn’t true, not yet. There aren’t even really any campfires, but it’s only a matter of time. There are bound to be fires and cheerful sing-alongs. Bound to be. And the song? Sure to be Kumbaya. Bet on it.
“Hello!” I called again, stepping away from the mausoleum and going deeper into the graveyard. “I know you’re scared, but I am here to help you.” Maybe I’ll have to knock you in the head and drag you to the Underworld myself, I thought, but there was no need to tell him that.
I waited to hear a sound, anything, but the place was as silent as, well, the grave. I don’t need night vision goggles to see in the darkness, so I knew when the ghost didn’t answer me that he was hiding or gone, not merely lost in the shadows. In any case, I’d have seen the Grim Reaper lurking about finishing up her bookkeeping if the spirit had decided to move on. Since she wasn’t around and Mr. Australian Ghost was nowhere to be seen, I knew I’d lost him.
Which was great, effing great! I’d lost a ghost in a freaking graveyard. This wasn’t the real problem, though; the real problem was how I was going to find him. I needed to catch up to him before he got confused and accidentally hurt someone, which meant I had to forget about going home for the time being and chase his ghostly butt down. 
I had just about made up my mind to go back to the road where he’d had the accident that had taken his life when I heard a movement behind me. I managed to turn around just in time to be on the receiving end of a light pole smashing into my head.
I doubled over, hitting the ground with a thud. 
Son of a…
“Hey!” I had to roll quickly unto my back to escape getting the light pole driven through my chest. “I’m not—” I saw the pole coming down toward my chest again, and rolled yet again to avoid it. A crater nearly a foot deep had been created in the damp earth by the pole’s impact right where I had been but a moment before. A second’s hesitation and the light pole would have caved in my chest and pierced my heart.
I prefer my chest uncaved, thank you.
I could see the ghost was determined, and that he likely didn’t know his own strength. The cold look in his eyes told me that wasn’t going to stop him from trying to kill me. Another dodge to avoid the pole, and I was scrambling to my feet. 
“Look, I just want—” He swung the pole again, and this time, rather than duck, I disappeared. I rematerialized behind him.
The ghost turned around in shock when I did this, and let the pole fall to the ground from his slack fingers. “How…” he muttered. I was stupid enough to take a step toward him at this point, and the moment I did, he took off running.
Great! Just what I needed: exercise! This wasn’t even my job. Chasing lost souls was the Grim Reaper’s job, but if I let this one escape it might take the Grim Reaper a couple of days to find him, a couple of days in which he would wander the countryside confused and alone and very, very dangerous. He might unwittingly hurt someone, and because I couldn’t bear to let that happen, this was my problem.
Damn it! “Hey! Wait up!” I took off after him, screaming for him to stop, but it was no use. I could have easily used my ability as an angel to teleport to catch up to him immediately, but I didn’t want him getting any more confused and panicky than he already was.
“Do you think… think you could… maybe slow down?” I was struggling to catch my breath. It was unbelievable how powerful humans got when they died. It was as though when they died their bodies immediately got an automatic dose of creepy ghost powers. This particular ghost I was chasing appeared to be in training as an Olympic sprinter.
“Hey…” A full-grown tree went flying past my head. “Really?” I shouted, as he pulled another tree from the ground, seemingly without effort, and hurled it toward me. Again, I dodged, but the ghost obviously didn’t care much for me, because a second later a gravestone came flying at me out of the darkness.
This one I saw a second too late. The stone hit me hard on the right side of my head and knocked me savagely to the ground. “That hurt!” A lot.
I got up and rushed after him yet again, dodging gravestone after gravestone. Suddenly I caught my foot on a fallen granite marker and stumbled, sprawling in the damp grass. I decided to draw the line on running. 
I snapped my fingers, and in an instant I was standing in front of the ghost. He stopped in his tracks when he saw me and turned around wildly, only to find me already there, behind him.
“What…?” He was confused. By the look of him he was in his late thirties. He had dark grey hair and blue eyes, and wore a football jersey over a pair of grey trousers. I could sense his fear, the dawning realization that his whole world had changed.
I tried to take his hand, but he pushed me away. “Look, I’m not here to hurt you. I want to help,” I told him.
He didn’t look convinced. As a matter of fact, I was pretty sure he’d take off running again if I so much as blinked. “I just want to help you find the light.”
That didn’t sound cheesy at all.
“I mean, help you move on.”
“What are you?” He asked, his eyes wide. “Hey, I have children. I have money. If you let me go, I’ll pay you.” Great, now he thought I was a robber. “Please, don’t hurt me!”
“No. No, I’m not—” The words were barely out of my mouth when the man started shaking. It broke my heart to see souls like him. To see how much they wanted to live, and to know they weren’t going to. 
Knowing talking wasn’t going to make clear to him his current situation, I decided to show him instead. It was wrong, what I was about to do, against our laws, but I wanted to help this desperately frightened man in front of me, so, slowly, I made my huge white wings appear.
The man gasped, and his eyes grew even wider. I wouldn’t have thought that was possible. He took a trembling step back. The graveyard was now noon-bright, my white wings casting light into every corner.
Suddenly, the man’s fear deepened into awe. “Angel,” he whispered to himself. I gave him time to get over it. “God?” he then asked. Well, God was better than serial killer.
I shook my head, “No. I’m a friend.” This time when I reached out to take his hands, he let me. 
“Am I … dead?” I hated to be the one to answer that question.
Nodding, I gave him a reassuring smile, “Your body is, yes.” In truth I had no idea what became of souls when the Grim Reaper took them away, but since I didn’t know any better, I saw no sin in giving this man a modicum of hope. “You need to return to your body, and wait there until someone comes to get you,” I told him.
He seemed to understand what I was saying. After a second he nodded, and I let go of his hand.
“It’s all right, Tristan, you can go, I’ve got it from here” said a striking young blonde woman in a red sequined dress standing near the cemetery gate. “I’ve got this.” The Grim Reaper herself.
Sure, now she shows up. After I’ve gotten served by an old man!
“Are you sure, D? I’m happy to stay, you know, until the end.”
She snapped her fingers, and her red dress became filmy and inky black. “It never ends,” she said, with a brief shake of her head and a sigh. “It never ends.” She reached out her hand to the ghost, and he shuffled toward her, willingly. 
D scribbled something on the form on her clipboard, and with a quick wave, she disappeared, together with the ghost.
I could tell D hated being the Grim Reaper. When I asked her how she’d ended up with the job, all she’d ever said was, “I was simply at the right place at the wrong time.”
If that was code for “mind your own goddamn business” I haven’t cracked it, because so far I’ve asked her the same question twenty or thirty times.
Moments after they disappeared, I retracted my wings. I was about to congratulate myself for a job well done when a voice echoed in my head. 
Tristan, can you come to the palace?
The voice belonged to King Daligo, the king of the realm of Grands. 
Oh, no. Did they know I’d let my wings show already?
For a second I didn’t want to answer him, but it was a crime not to heed a royal summons. It wasn’t like a phone call I could pretend not to have received; this was a direct summons from the king, and I was forced to answer it.
As you wish, Your Majesty.












MY HALLELUJAH

Lights.
The kingdom of Grands needs lights. Lots of them. If not electric lights, then at least a goddamn candle or two, because the whole kingdom is covered in darkness. I knew someone who knew someone who’d be willing to supply the realm with years’ worth of candles, all for the low, low price of advertising their graveyard as the place to go when you wanted to feed. The angels in Grands fed on the sadness and pain of the world, and a graveyard seemed a perfect place for them to have a buffet; I couldn’t understand why they chose to pass on such a sweet deal.
There’s a lot about Grands that defies understanding.
Located at the mid-point between Hell and Earth, Grands is a domain steeped in gray, bleak darkness, darkness merged with a penetrating cold. Whenever I came here, I shivered with each breath I took. 
This dreary grayness was not only cold, it was absolute. The sun didn’t shine in Grands. On a good day you might see a single ray try to make its way through the clouds, but it would disappear so soon that you’d think you’d imagined it.
I could never completely relax when I was in Grands. I was frightened the darkness of the place might swallow me up if I took a wrong turn, and while I sometimes told myself it was the lack of light that made Grands seem so menacing, I knew, deep down, that it was really the people who lived here that left me so unsettled.
While my people are the definition of good, the Grandinians are the definition of bad. Their purpose in life is to be bad. They’re also a breed of guardian angel, but their raison d’etre is to endlessly tempt the human race. They go to Earth to persuade humans to make bad decisions and to seduce them into choosing wrong over right. Free will is a blade honed by the whetstone of temptation, after all.
We Lumenians were created to protect, and the Grandinians, to destroy. 
At the moment, I was hovering somewhere on the outskirts of the kingdom, so far above that I could see the entire realm beneath me. The Grandinian Palace looms in the very center of the kingdom, and all around it are huddled densely clustered slums that cling to it like barnacles. Fully half of the kingdom is in ruins. A casual observer could be forgiven for thinking the kingdom had been abandoned centuries ago.
But I knew better.
This blighted place is all the more horrible for knowing that someone has to live here, that many someones are living here. The Grandinians have to experience this chill, terrible place day in and day out. Its sadness has become their everyday reality, and honestly, they don’t deserve it.
Though they were created to be awful to humans, the Grandinians are merely bad. They aren’t evil. As a rule they don’t kill.
But there’s an exception to every rule, now, isn’t there?
Yes, the Grandinians as a group aren’t not genuinely evil angels, but the biggest threat the universe faces in my time is an angel born and raised in Grands.
His name: Gideon Chase.
Gideon is evil. He’s the epitome of evil. Death follows wherever he goes. I mean that literally: his best friend is the Grim Reaper.
Not only is Gideon evil, he’s also the most powerful angel in Grands. When I complain about the state of Grands, you should know that it wasn’t always bleak and cold and ruined. It was made bleak six years ago, shaken and darkened and blasted by, well, the sort of thing that destroyed and darkened and blasted a place: a full-on apocalypse. An apocalypse that had torn the kingdom apart and destroyed nearly everything in Grands. An apocalypse caused by an eleven-year-old Gideon.
I’d never been able to work out why an eleven-year-old would destroy an entire realm, nor how. It would require enormous power, and enormous rage. The destruction was so complete that it had taken the Grandinians almost four years to bring the kingdom up to even its current substandard state of repair. Aid poured in from many different planets and dimensions with the unstated agreement that any and all could rely on similar offers of help should Gideon, um, happen to any of them. 
No! No, stop. Please stop! You can take the money! Take all of it!
Suddenly, I was no longer looking at the Grandinian palace I had been flying toward; I was looking at the inside of a Mini-Mart in Utah, where a cashier was being held at gunpoint.
A man wearing a ski mask held a gun on a young woman wearing a polyester Mini-Mart uniform. The bodies of two unlucky customers already lay on the ground at the man’s feet, though he didn’t seem to notice them. With shaking hands the woman was pulling money from the cash register and shoving it into a Mini-Mart shopping bag the man held.
“Please, please don’t kill me, I have a little girl at home and—” She was sobbing, choking on her words.
I was moving in to rescue her when I saw a shadow appear behind her. I knew that shadow. It was the Grim Reaper, which meant the woman’s fate had already been decided, and all I could do was to watch her die because I can’t interfere with the balance of life.
“Please,” the woman gasped, “don’t kill me!”
Too late, though. Boom went the gunshot, and the woman’s chest was a ruin. Down she fell, and the gunman dashed behind the counter to grab what money was left. He took a single dollar bill, kissed it, and tucked it into the woman’s waistband with a flourish. Then he rushed off.
Just like that, I was back, hanging in the darkness above Grands, but now? Now I was screaming. 
Suddenly, my breath caught, and try though I might I could not make a sound, any sound. My screams strangled in my throat. Just as I thought I would choke in earnest, a gasp escaped me, and at that moment I knew the woman was dead.
It took me a second to come back to myself.
Guns couldn’t physically injure angels, but oh, they could hurt me. A nasty side effect of my being me was that whenever I witnessed suffering, I felt it in my own body threefold. When the Mini-Mart cashier was shot, I felt her pain, magnified. When her lungs filled with blood, my breath was closed off in my chest. It only stopped when she died. 
My mind was like a goddamn radio station, and not the kind that played the songs I wanted to hear. It was like a horrible, scratchy AM station that was stuck on Reginald Dixon’s Hammond Organ Hits. There wasn’t a single second that went by that I didn’t hear someone, often many someones, crying for help. Sometimes I was amazed that I could think for myself.
I answered as many of the calls as I could, but I could never answer them all.
When I’d first started hearing them, I had tried to answer every one, but how? Saving one person nearly always meant leaving another to suffer. Trying to choose… it was impossible to weigh them out: the man who was the sole support and nurture of his elderly parents, or the man who would leave a young orphan and widow behind? The child of three, or the mother of four? Choosing to save one meant playing some part in the death of another left unsaved. The choosing? The choosing made it worse.
Tristan? Are you on your way? I await your arrival inside the Great Hall.
Oh, and then there were those other messages in my head. King Daligo’s voice, repeating his summons.
You’d think after essentially taking a bullet to the heart I’d be given a second to myself, but no. I can’t complain, though, not when I know so well what others have to complain of. 
I took a deep breath and dried my tears. I made sure I was no longer shaking, and then forced a smile. I’d done this enough times to know that, at the moment, I looked convincingly happy.

“FINALLY.” KING DALIGO directed me toward a seat the moment I appeared inside the Grandinian Great Hall.
I bowed. “Forgive me, Majesty.”
The first thing you see when you go into the Great Hall of the Grandinian palace is a black grand piano that stands at the far left end of the hall, between two vast marble arches. The walls, papered in rich silk, are adorned with elaborately carved and gilded cornices and hung with the portraits of past kings and queens. 
Set into the yellow-and-brown marble floor is a glittering mosaic of the Grandinian coat of arms, a golden shield with angel wings extending outward from it. In its center, the shield bears a diamond divided into four fields, one for each of four neighboring worlds. The topmost field represents Lumens, the right, Earth, the lowest field, Grands, and the left, the Underworld. 
For this meeting an oversized golden table hovered in mid-air above the mosaic, surrounded by ten richly ornamented granite chairs. The headrest of each chair bore a carved lion holding a sword in its teeth. Enormous chandeliers floated in the air beneath a ceiling enchanted to look like the sky as it looked from above the city’s ever-present clouds. When I looked up, the lowering sky, red with the light of the setting sun, seemed close enough to touch. 
The Grandinians might be bad, but their taste was not.
Taking the seat indicated by the king, I said, “Thank you, Majesty.” 
King Daligo was directly across from me, wearing an impeccably-styled black drawstring shirt and black woolen pants with a black leather wrap belt. He thought the black-on-black look was intimidating. Over this, he wore a leather jacket, black, of course, fitted with large silver clasps. I wasn’t sure the get-up was intimidating, exactly, but it made him look much younger than he was. Although I knew him to be more than five hundred years old, Daligo could easily pass for a man in his forties. His hair was bleached a severe platinum blond and was always neatly combed back, bringing more attention to his alert, deep-gray eyes.
As you might guess from his appearance, Daligo did not strive to be good. Everything about him projected intensity and power. He knew what he wanted, and he was never afraid to take it, no matter what the consequence. He ruled through fear rather than love. Thought it was more efficient.
“So, um, how was your day?” he asked. Not a good start. Oh, boy.
I was about to answer when Princess Sela entered the room. King Daligo and his wife Queen Lailah were the reigning Grandinian monarchs, and had been for centuries. Daligo had taken the throne when his father died, and he’d married his wife shortly after. They had lived and ruled alone for more than four hundred years. Only sixteen years ago had they had their first child, the Crown Princess, Sela, and I think she was worth the wait. The moment I saw her, I felt a real smile try to creep in behind the fake one.
“Your Highness,” I greeted her as she came in. Both the king and I stood in the presence of a lady. 
At the age of sixteen, Sela was widely considered the most beautiful angel of our generation. She had her mother’s tangerine-colored hair and smooth fair skin, and her eyes were a tropical-ocean blue. Those eyes were her most prominent feature. They were mesmerizing. She had a perfect straight nose, and full lips the color of strawberries. She was, simply put, breathtaking. My breath? Taken.
I allowed myself a long look, taking in every detail of her appearance. Her lace and silk dress. Those amazing eyes. The smile on her face, a smile directed at me.
She returned my greetings. “Prince Tristan.” Then she turned her attention to Daligo. “Father, am I interrupting?”
King Daligo loved his daughter, and indulged her in all things. “Certainly not, darling. Tristan and I were just waiting for his father to arrive.”
My father was invited to this impromptu meeting? What?
Sela took a seat beside her father, and then the king and I sat. The King was making small talk, telling Sela something about aphids in the rose garden, when my father materialized in the seat beside me. From the look on his face I knew it was going to be one of those meetings, the kind that never end well.
Sela offered her hand to my father, and he took it warmly. My father, King Beraht, had every bit as much power as Daligo, but his grew from the love of his subjects, not their fear. He didn’t feel a need to impress or intimidate anyone, and preferred to actually relate to them, His clothing was similar to Daligo’s, but in a tasteful, understated brown. His hair was a curly, salt-and-pepper tangle that fell over his forehead. His bright blue eyes shone with compassion and understanding. He had time for everyone. No, he made time for everyone, and it was clear that when he told the princess that he was happy to see her again that he truly meant it.
“It’s good to see you, too, Your Majesty, but I should be going. Father informs me you have business to discuss.” Father said his goodbyes to Sela, but still seemed distracted. Not a good sign. It would take a lot to get him distracted.
I leaned close to Father’s shoulder and hesitantly asked, “So, is there a problem?” I hoped he’d surprise me and say no.
“No, son.”
Crap. While technically he’d said “no,” I could hear in his voice that yes, something was wrong, very wrong. The only other time I’d heard him sound so rattled was when he’d asked me to go with him to talk Zeus out of a war with the angels after Gideon had visited Olympus and killed some of the Dryads. The gods of Olympus were very much alive and given to crankiness. A problem as upsetting as a rumble with Zeus was a problem I wasn’t looking forward to facing.
Daligo spoke before I could ask Father if he was sure. “The Guardian Elders have brought in a new assignment.”
A new assignment? As in, they were assigning me to another human? I was happy with the human I was currently guiding, Abigail Cells.
“Am I being reassigned?” I asked, as if I hadn’t heard clearly the first time.
Father and King Daligo exchanged looks.
My father took a while before he answered. “No, but… they… we have all agreed to have you work together with… with Gideon.”
There is a moment in everyone’s life, when for just a moment, the world stops. This was my moment. This was my moment to be afraid. But of course I couldn’t be afraid. When everyone depends on you to be strong for them, you aren’t allowed to be afraid. To avoid the fear, I simply couldn’t allow myself to feel at all. Not now. And so I blinked, and with that quick shutter of my eyes; my moment was over.































TURNING POINT

They wanted me to work with Gideon? Was this some sort of joke?
I wasn’t laughing!
I couldn’t work with Gideon, especially not where Abigail was concerned.
There was a crash from behind one of the great marble columns at the end of the hall, and then a cry.
“What?”
Sela. It was Sela. She’d been eavesdropping. At the sound of her voice, I snapped out of my thoughts. “What is this about assigning Tristan to work with Gideon? Gideon doesn’t need a guardian angel. He needs a leash.” Sela was shouting, forgetting in her fury that she wasn’t supposed to address her father, nor mine, in that tone. “You know it can’t be safe.”
The silence from both kings indicated that yes, they were assigning me with Gideon. Both men were standing. They’d stood up as soon as they’d seen Sela standing. Old habits die hard. It was almost funny. Their propriety and their fine manners felt all out of place.
“We do not have any other choice, child,” Daligo said.
My father took over. “If we did, we wouldn’t be having this conversation.” From the look on his face, and Daligo’s, I knew what he was saying was true. Whatever crisis had arisen, it seemed pairing me with Gideon was the only way to solve it.
I carefully put a smile on my face and asked, “So when does he start?” loudly enough for all of them to hear.
If looked could kill, Sela’s would have slayed me. “Tristan, be reasonable.” In the enormous hall this request echoed, and made Sela’s voice seem very small. The echoes died. “Sela, I’ll be fine,” I assured her. “I’m sure Gideon will be a delight to work with.” If I were a psychopathic killer looking for a partner in crime, I thought to myself. “Please, calm down. Gideon isn’t that bad.” I wanted to punch myself in the face after I’d said this. Not that bad? If a mere killer qualified as ‘that bad,’ Gideon was ‘that worst.’
“Fine, have it your way!” She dried her tears, and then gently bowed her head. “Your Majesties. Prince Tristan,” she said, and with a rustle of heavy skirts, she ducked out of the Great Hall.
I forgot my manners and disappeared after her. I reappeared just behind her in one of the draughty hallways in the Grandinian palace. “Sela, wait!” I ran to catch up with her, but she didn’t stop. A single thought and I rematerialized in front of her. She bumped right into me when she took her next step.
She looked really angry. “Get out of my way, Tristan!”
I understood that her anger was really half fear, and that she was entitled to that anger, but I was the one being given a life-threatening assignment to work with an evil angel. 
“You’re going to get yourself killed,” she huffed, and using all her strength she shoved me out of her way.
She’d only managed to take one step before I grabbed her hand and pulled her toward me, so that she bumped into my chest. “Hey! Let go of me!”
Shaking my head, I let go of her arm and placed my hands on her cheeks. I lifted her face until she was looking into my eyes. “Please, don’t be mad at me” I whispered. “I can’t stand it when you’re mad and…”
She cut me off, “I’m sorry. I just don’t want you to get hurt.” 
“I’ll see what I can do about that. I don’t want me to get hurt, either. Come on, I’ll be fine” I wiped her tears away with my fingers. Her skin felt soft and warm underneath my fingertips.
Nodding, she managed a weak smile. “You’d better be,” she whispered. “You’d better be.”
I leaned in to kiss her.
“Sela!”
Her father was walking toward us, looking murderous. I suppose that could be because I was about to kiss his daughter, but it was hard to tell: he always looked murderous. He generally gave off a murderous vibe. “Wait for me in the Great Hall,” I heard him hissing at her. He stormed off, practically dragging her in his wake.
My father beckoned to me from behind Daligo. “Walk with me, son. We have much to discuss.”


































MY REIGN
Gideon

“You see what power is – holding someone else’s fear 
in your hand and showing it to them.”
Amy Tan – The Kitchen God’s Wife.


The itsy-bitsy spider climbed up the waterspout. 
Down came the rain and washed the spider out.
What was the next line again? Oh yeah…
Out came the sun and dried up all the rain.
Typical of humans, needing to mention the sun showing up and drying up the rain.
And the itsy-bitsy spider climbed up the spout again.
That’s one stupid spider.
The lesson I took away from this little ditty was a simple one: when it rains, you sing, and since the city of New York was being pummeled by heavy rain, I was entitled to a song. 
I stood beside a traffic light, watching the cars passing by and the bustling crowds of people in the crosswalks.
“Paul honey, zip up your jacket.” This came from a young mother who was waiting nearby for the walk signal to change, together with her son. Paul was circling his mother, singing and splashing in every puddle in reach. The boy zipped his jacket, and his mother pulled his yellow raincoat’s hood over his ball cap.
When she’d finished, Paul’s mother took a step back, and since I was standing right behind her, she bumped into me. She would have brought both of us down if I hadn’t caught her.
“I am so…” she caught my eyes and then froze, forgetting what she was about to say.
I shook her gently, “Are you all right?”
She blinked, twice, and then a third time. When she came to, she stared at my hands on her arms, and then up to my face. Yeah, now she was convinced I was real. “I’m so sorry.”
“It’s all right,” I let go of her hand. “Are you sure you’re ok?”
She answered with a nod, and then started to blush. “Sorry again.”
Turning back around, she pulled her son closer to her. I was sure it was to keep herself steady more than to comfort the boy. The moment her back was to me again, I made myself invisible. I knew she wasn’t going to turn back around, because she felt embarrassed, and no one else was paying me any mind. This was New York, after all.
I walked, invisible, out of the crowd, and that was when I spotted Paul’s Lumenian guardian angel. He stood, invisible like me, on the other side of the street. His eyes were filled with wonder at the tiny human life unfolding before him.
I saw this as a chance, and so I made myself appear right behind him. I tapped him on the shoulder and he turned around, startled.
“Boo.” At the sound of my voice, the angel screamed, so I screamed back at him. “Dude, relax, I just wanted to know what the time is.”
But he didn’t relax. Instead he started shaking, the awe in his eyes now replaced by fear. “You…” I waited for him to get his words out. “You’re…” he was still stammering. His heart was now pounding, racing faster by the second. He was frozen to the spot, which was sad, really, as it was the one spot he very much didn’t want to be in. He wanted to be in nearly any other spot at that moment.
I took a step closer. “I’m what?” I asked.
“You’re…” he moved away from me. “You’re Gideon.” And then he flew into the air, hoping to escape. I flew after him. He had only reached as far as the top of the nearest building before I caught up with him.
“You know it’s very rude to keep a man waiting for his dinner.” And without warning, I plunged my hand straight into his chest. He screamed, and then he gurgled. My hand found his heart and I grabbed it.
The sound of his suffering was like music to my ears. “Of course, who am I to talk? Here I am, playing with my food,” I added, and slowly squeezed the heart in my hand. The greater his pain, the stronger I got, and the harder I squeezed. Slowly, the light from his wings started to dim. I watched as he took his last breath, his heart nothing but goo in my hand.
Because he was on Earth, his physical body disappeared the moment he died. When he’d gone, my hand was dripping with blood, and unfortunately so was my shirt. Damn. I like this shirt. I blinked, and my hands were clean and I was wearing a new, clean shirt.
I really can’t say why angels are so afraid of me. It isn’t just the angels, either—other creatures feared me as well. The moment they see me they try to flee, or, worse, start begging me for their life. Really, I have no idea why everyone’s so frightened.
Well, I kill nearly everyone I meet, but that didn’t seem like a good enough reason to me. It is only nearly everyone, after all.
Everyone had feared me for as long as I could remember. The furthest back I could remember, though, was only about six years. I woke up one day six years back and found out I was the scariest thing alive, and I didn’t even remember why.
My memories started with a bang. As in an actual, real live hit-me-upside-the-head bang.
My oldest memory was a banging sound far away in the distance. I was in the middle of the Grandinian Town Square, watching as the last winds of a wild storm died down. The storm had torn the kingdom apart. Most of the buildings were reduced to rubble, and bodies were strewn on every corner. The most powerful storm the kingdom had ever seen, and everyone blamed me for it. Somehow, I had conjured up that awesome tempest, but I couldn’t remember doing it. I couldn’t remember any of it.
Sometimes, I tried to call up a few memories from my life before I was eleven, but nothing ever came of it. All the same, I was pretty sure that I must have been just as amazing back then as I was now. My ability to drive a whole kingdom’s population from their homes for months had to start somewhere, right?
Yep. Most people had backgrounds, but not me. I had whispered tales of my notoriety.
I loved it.
And while there isn’t much I can tell of my life before the Apocalypse, there isn’t much to tell about my life since then, either. I’m just your average, run-of-the-mill bad guy. I don’t know how I became the bad guy, but, truth is, I love being the bad guy.
For one thing, it saves me from an awful lot of unnecessary small talk. Since the destruction of the kingdom everyone stays away from me, even my parents. And of course I’m too proud to reach out to people who ignore me, so I’ve stopped talking to them as well. That might be why I talk to myself so much, actually. Hadn’t thought of that.
When I was sure I had rid myself and my clothing of the angel’s blood, I flew downward, back to the traffic light where Paul and his mother still stood.
I had a ‘take no prisoners’ policy, so I couldn’t let Paul go now that his guardian angel was dead.
Looking a little way down the street, I saw a Ferrari sitting at a red light, music rattling its closed windows. Two punk teenagers sat in the car, bobbing their heads to the song. They were trying to look edgy, but it’s nearly impossible to look edgy in a Ferrari, however you’re dressed. Maybe they’d like to see what it was really like to be on the edge.
Looking from the young boy to the sports car and back again, I snapped my fingers. Instantly, the signal changed. Without waiting for his mother, the little boy pushed through the crowd at the curb and sped toward the street to cross.
“Paul!” his mother shouted, running after him, but the boy was too far ahead. She shoved her way through the crowd, hurrying to reach him.
I snapped my fingers once more, and the Ferrari surged forward. The driver tried to brake, but the car fishtailed through the intersection, the teenagers inside yelling in panic.
Paul didn’t even have time to look up. The Ferrari accelerated and veered right, the driver still stomping uselessly on the brake and blaring the horn. His mother screeched for him to get out of the way, but too late. The gap between the little boy and the car had closed. 
There was a sickening thud as the car collided with the boy. His body flew into the air and hit the ground nearly thirty feet away. The car’s horn continued to blare.
The humans around me fell eerily silent as Paul’s mother reached her son. Her eyes were fixed on the boy, whose limbs were at horrible, impossible angles. 
“Paul!” she sobbed. People on the sidewalk crowded around. Many who saw him grew tearful.
Humans! I never understood how they managed to feel sad for people they didn’t even know. There they were, circled around the dead boy and his mother, useless and murmuring, sharing their sadness. It would never make sense. But their sorrow made quite a meal for me.
“Now,” I said, flashing a quick smile to D, who had appeared, up to her elbows in paperwork, “all I need is dessert.” I had just about made up my mind to push more cars into the crowd that had gathered round the boy when—
Gideon, do you have a minute to come to the palace?
What? What the hell was King Daligo doing summoning me? I was about to send back a message saying I had better things to do when I remembered that I wanted dessert, and what better place to find a decadent dessert but at a palace? 
I didn’t give the broken child a second look as I flew into the air. I could hear the sirens wailing, drawing closer to the scene of the accident, but I didn’t wait around to find out what would happen next. At full speed, I flew away from Earth and made my way home.
I passed the clouds and flew forward into the clear, still blue. I squinted, on the lookout for approaching planes. Unfortunately for me, there were none. Appearing midair in front of planes was one of my favorite things to do. The looks on the faces of the pilots! The possibility of causing one of them to have a heart attack! Pure joy.
I flew toward the portal to Grands, invisible to human eyes, but clear as day to me, a swirling vortex of not-quite light. As soon as I crossed the threshold of the portal I was transported to Grands, with its howling winds and its grimness.
If I were to be frank, Grands could have used a light or two. I knew our kind were meant to be bad, and the dark-and-foggy thing gave the place a suitably scary ambience, but couldn’t we switch it up a bit? A few lights wouldn’t get rid of the darkness. In fact, they would accentuate the darkness, make it look more ominous by contrast. And I would be able to get around without constantly fearing I would bump my shins on things. 
“No, from what I saw, they had two teams. I think they called them Barcelona and Real Madrid,” I heard someone say off to the west, and out of curiosity, I flew over to check it out. 
I saw four young Grandinian angels hovering in the middle of a football stadium. One of them gingerly held a football, or as the Americans call it, a soccer ball, as though he’d never held one before. He probably hadn’t. I could see they weren’t a day older than thirteen, and I could tell just by looking at them that they had recently returned from their first stint as guardians down on Earth. Everything human was brand new to them, and full of wonder, and nothing more wonderful than the sport of football. 
“So how do we become this Barcelona and Real Madrid?” one of the boys, a brown-eyed youngster wearing a baseball cap, asked.
I saw this as an invitation to join them. “I can teach you how to play. I know a lot about football,” I said, approaching them. They smiled, and then, when they realized who had spoken, their happy faces fell. 
“Gi-Gideon,” one of them stuttered, moving backward. “Please don’t hurt us.”
I pretended I couldn’t see how scared they were. “First day on Earth?” I asked, but no one answered me. “I really could teach you guys how to play.” I took the ball gently from the stammering angel.
“We… we just… please don’t hurt us,” cried another one.
I smiled at his innocence. “Real football—soccer—isn’t painful. American football, on the other hand, is quite painful.” The boys’ hearts were now pounding so fast, I was afraid they might just jump out of their chests. “Look,” I said, making myself appear in the middle of the field. “It’s simple. You make teams and then—” One of the boys didn’t wait to hear what I had to say. He flew off, as fast as his wings could carry him.
I was faster. I was already in front of him, blocking his path. “You’re a clever one, aren’t you?” I shoved him, and he plummeted toward the field. I hated when they tried to get away from me.
“Anyone else want to run for it?” I asked the three remaining boys. I smiled as they quickly shook their heads. “Come closer, then.” I flew down to the angel who had fallen, and his teammates hesitantly gathered around us. I started spinning the ball on one finger.
“Do you guys want to see a really cool trick?” They didn’t, but they didn’t dare say anything. I made the spinning ball rise off my finger so that it hung in the air above us. “Don’t take your eyes off the ball.”
The boys slowly lifted their eyes. The air practically crackled with the energy and intensity of their fear. It was delicious. I backed away from them, my eyes still on the spinning ball, and made it descend slowly toward them. They couldn’t look away, not even when I transformed the spinning ball into a whirling torrent of flame. There was no time for the boys to scream. Before they could even cry out they had been reduced to ashes.
“Now that’s how you keep your opponents from being able to score a goal off you,” I said to myself, and took to the sky once more.






 
SUPER-MAN

Landing in T-minus three seconds
Three.
Two.
One!
I landed at full speed in the Grandinian Great Hall, leaving a three-foot-deep crater and filling the air with dust. I spread my dark wings behind me and stepped out from the hole, leaving a trail of burning footprints across the mosaic floor.
And he sticks the landing! I really know how to make an entrance.
I turned around and saw a girl behind me with a look of shock on her face.
“I am sorry about that.” I pointed at the hole in the ceiling. “The door was…” I turned to the door and saw, embarrassingly enough, that it was open, so I magically closed it. “…was closed.” I smiled, in hopes my joke might break the tension a bit.
It didn’t.
The first thing I noticed was the elaborate medieval-y gown she wore, which made her look like she was with the circus. Probably not the look she was going for. The second thing I noticed was her beauty, and immediately I knew who she was, because a girl this beautiful, here in this palace, could only be the princess Sela.
Look at that, a princess for dessert.
I dusted my clothes with my hands and walked over to her. “Really am sorry about the ceiling, my lady.” I gave her the best bow I could muster. I didn’t tell her I’d intentionally landed like this because I hated every glittering gilded inch of the place. Our Great Hall was ostentatious, and I loathed it.
“Gideon, welcome.” She was obviously no longer in shock. 
“Sela, right?” I asked. 
She managed a nod. “Yes, daughter of King Daligo.”
“Please.” I gestured for her to take a seat, and saw that the chair was covered with dust. “Here, let me get that.” I dusted the chair as quickly as I could. I knew I wasn’t supposed to play with my food, but I couldn’t resist. “All done,” I said with a grin, and then I took her hand and gently helped her down.
She let me take her hand. Once she sat, I bent forward so that I was hovering over her, with one hand behind her chair and the other on the big table in front of her. Sela blanched.
Everyone was right, she was beautiful, this much I’d admit. “You have…” I touched my hand to her cheek, and felt her resisting the urge to pull away. This was new. “Ah, you have the most…” slowly, I moved my hand to the corner of her mouth, brushing my thumb over her lips “… beautiful … hair,” and just like that, my hand was wrapped tight in her famous tresses.
I was about the comment on the color when I heard the door opening, so I straightened up and stepped back from my prey. When I turned around, Daligo stood in the doorway with two palace guards. 
He looked past the mess I’d made of the Great Hall as if he couldn’t see it. “Ah, Gideon. I thought I heard you come in.”
Everyone heard me come in. That landing was awesome!
“Sela, your mother requests your presence in her quarters.” Curses. Daligo had made me lose my dessert. Sela walked out with carefully measured steps, though she clearly wanted to sprint for the door. This was new. She didn’t like me, but somehow, she wasn’t all that afraid of me. I was doubly disappointed.
When she was out of sight, I took her seat and put my feet up on the table, leaning back with my hands behind my head to relax. Daligo took a seat opposite.
“What do you want?” I asked him hurriedly. Now that my tasty little morsel of dessert was gone, I saw no reason why hanging around the palace was going be of any benefit to me.
“I called you because of the énas you killed a while ago when you Shifted,” he said. The Lumenians called the humans they guided énas, meaning “one,” because the guardian angels became one with the humans they were assigned to.
“Which one?”
“Fair question. How many humans have you killed today, Gideon?” Was he seriously asking me this?
“I’m sorry. If this is going to be a Q&A, I’ll kindly ask that you send all your questions to my secretary, and I’ll get back to you at my earliest convenience.”
I’d just about made up my mind to leave when he said, “The Elders are not happy.” This piqued my interest. I’d got the Elders’ attention? Finally! Took them six years!
Lumens and Grands were different in many ways, but one thing we had in common was that both our kingdoms were subject to the authority of a single family of powerful immortals, the Guardian Elders. We angels probably had as many fanciful tales about the Elders as humans had about angels.
They were said to have descended from the first king of Grands and first Queen of Lumens. It was also said that the Elders were immortal, but that each generation of parents would cross over to the land of the dead voluntarily when they thought they had served out their proper time as rulers and they were sure their children could take over their duties. 
Immensely powerful immortal beings who willingly gave up immortality? Personally, I found that idea incredibly stupid.
The current Elders were said to have a daughter by the name of Madalong. She was said to be the heart of our kingdoms, and a host of powers were attributed to her: she could foresee the future, she could read minds, she could travel through time. There were probably also stories claiming she could tap dance, or sing beautifully while gargling. You know how legends are. There were also supposed to be two princes—twins—called Sun and Moon, who were said to be the very reason why our worlds were able to stay in balance. I had never seen the Elders or their children. It wasn’t clear that anyone ever had. But they’d apparently seen me. And I was worthy of comment.
I’d been wanting to get their attention, because I wanted to know just how powerful they were. I also wanted to know why they’d ever give up everlasting life.
Daligo continued, “Killing the humans is against our laws.” 
Did he just say laws? People still bothered with those? I didn’t understand why the king would expect me to follow anyone’s laws but my own. Wow, I should never have come here today.
“Our job is only supposed to cause the humans little harms, to tempt them, to try to lead them astray, not to kill them.”
Apparently I had a big neon sign on my forehead that said I gave a shit about the humans. The king could plainly see it. I must have missed it when I was fixing my hair in the mirror this morning.
“The humans are—”
I lost interest. “Something interesting had better comes out of your mouth in the next three seconds, or I’m leaving,” I said, cutting him off in midsentence. “Your Majesty,” I added, in my most scornful voice.
Daligo moved a little in his seat, and for the first time since I’d known him, I saw real fear in his eyes. I wasn’t sure why he was nervous, and frankly, I didn’t care.
“One.” I started counting down for him. “Two. Thr…”
“The Elders would like to present you with a challenge. They want to assign you to the human Prince Tristan is currently guarding.” And just like that I was experiencing my first-ever shock.
That definitely got my attention. “Tristan?”
Daligo looked a little confused. “I assume you know who Prince Tristan Silas is,” he said, reading my surprise as ignorance. 
Of course I knew what’s-his-face. Everyone knew Tristan. 
On a planet full of do-gooders there was one who stood among them as the kindest and most loving of them all. Not only was he the master of do-gooders, but he happened to also be the most powerful angel in Lumens.
He was so powerful that the angels and other creatures called him a hero, because he had proven himself strong enough to fight off any evil that threatened their lives and their kingdom. His name was Tristan Silas, Prince Tristan Silas. He was caring, selfless, compassionate, and had a host of other qualities I didn’t have and frankly didn’t want. People said he was a beacon of light, a lighthouse guiding his people and the world to safety, and others called him the Creator’s only true success when it came to making a soul in his own image.
I called it bullshit.
“Tristan?” I asked. “Never heard of him,” I flashed the king another mocking smile to hide the fact that my mind was racing with questions.
Why in the name of the devil did they want me around their golden boy? 
“Tristan should indeed prove to be a challenge.” Ooh, now I got why they were assigning me to him. “No Grandinians have ever been able to harm the humans Tristan guides. It has become a competition of sorts among Grandinians of a certain mindset to Shift to him so they can try to defeat him. So far, all have failed.” 
“You didn’t summon me here to tell me how awesome he is, did you?” 
I understood then. The king thought I wouldn’t be capable of even approaching a human that Tristan was guiding. What an insult. I’d never Shifted to Tristan because I could never sense him on earth, but I wasn’t exactly afraid of him. 
Like Lumenians, each Grandinian was assigned to an énas at 13, but we didn’t have to stay with the énas we were first assigned; loyalty wasn’t regarded quite so highly among our people. We were free to move to another énas if we wanted, and this was called the Shift. Some angels chose to Shift when they became bored with their assigned énas. I’d shifted several times. I bored easily. And I killed rather a lot of my humans, but mainly, I bored easily.
Assigning me to Tristan meant, I’d have to Shift to him and his human. It would be my job to try and harm the human, and Tristan’s to try and protect the human.
“Starting tomorrow, I’d like for you to Shift to Tristan and his human. No human assigned to Tristan is served well by him, because he thwarts Grandinians too easily, and no human will is free to truly choose good if it is never even tempted by evil. Tristan needs a challenge, and all sides will benefit when he gets one. Besides, it’s become a point of honor for all of Grands. It would be good to show that one of us can stand up to the Lumenian champion. 
“An added bonus is that he’ll be difficult to defeat. Maybe, just maybe, you won’t have so much spare time to spend wantonly killing. We could do with a little less of that, Gideon.” Wow, look who wasn’t scared anymore, talking to me like we were friends.
“So you want to pair me with the prince?” 
“Last month, Tristan was assigned to a human named Abigail Cells. She is eighteen. It’s her final year of high school. She lives with her mother in San Francisco. She’s a very caring and loving girl, volunteers for a lot of charity work, she’s kind and she’s unselfish.” I took this as Daligo’s way of saying yes.
Look at that, not only was he giving me Tristan as an early Christmas present, but he was also throwing in a sweet girl as the bright red bow on the top.
“Here’s all you need to know about her. I think a little challenge would be good for all three of you.” The king snapped his fingers, and a file materialized out of thin air in front of him and flew to me. The file contained everything that was known about Abigail from the time she was born to the present.
I caught the file and, caused it to turn to ash in my hand. I’d be damned if I spent even a second reading about some human. 
Working with Tristan did sound intriguing, though, I hated him and his squeaky-clean perfection. I hated that he was always saving people from me. I wanted him dead, but on the other hand, I didn’t like anyone telling me what to do as if they owned me, not even my king.
“I’m honored and all, but I don’t—”
The king cut me off. “I thought you’d be up for it, but it seems even you don’t think that you’re capable of besting someone as powerful as Tristan and...”
“Your Majesty,” I interrupted. What the hell was wrong with him? Did he seriously think I was afraid of what’s-his-face? “I’m up for the challenge. I just don’t like being told what to do, and it sounds as though you’re telling me what to do with this particular assignment.” 
“I’m merely doing my job by pairing you with the prince, but of course, if Tristan becomes too challenging and you can’t handle him, you—”
Daligo didn’t get a chance to finish, because I threw a jet of flame at one of the nearby guards, hitting him squarely in the chest. He was instantly reduced to a pile of greasy cinders. I didn’t wait for the second guard to panic. I appeared in front of him and ripped his heart straight out of his chest. The angel fell, twitching, at my feet.
“No!” the king shouted in horror.
I was about to reach over and tweak the royal chin when I felt a presence. His presence.
“You just can’t stay away from me, can you?” I asked, turning to see Tristan standing behind me as if he’d been there all along.





















HERO VS. VILLAIN

       Want a chair, Your Majesty?” I asked, looking at Daligo, who looked like he might hurl.
It took him a second, but then the stunned look in his eyes was gone. “I’m fine,” he said, but I knew he wasn’t. He was just good at pretending to be.
Tristan sauntered casually toward the king, his eyes everywhere but the body on the floor. It took him only a wave of his hand to repair the mosaic and the enormous hole in the ceiling. Everything looked as it should.
Look at that: it took him only one second to make me angry. I pretended I hadn’t noticed what he’d done.
“You’re a long way from home aren’t you?” I asked, acting as if I couldn’t be bothered to fly across the room and rip his heart out, too. Which reminded me—the guard’s heart was still in my hand. Awkward.
“Gideon,” Tristan said by way of a greeting, with that stupid, punchable smile on his face that he always wore. 
“That’s my name,” I sneered. “Don’t wear it out.” 
“It’s been a long time.”
And by that, he meant since we’d seen each other in Spain about an hour ago, when he’d come to save the humans inside a mall I’d set on fire. 
“Not long enough,” I grumbled. 
I glanced from the king to Tristan, and I knew I’d rather be anywhere but here, having those two stare at me as if my ship had just arrived from hell.
“That’s all for now, Gideon. I hope you’ll be there tomorrow: I heard school starts at eight.”
School? At this, I walk over to them “School?”
“Yes, we enrolled you. We thought it would be good for you to be seen during this assignment.”
He thought what?
I’d only been to a human school once, for a week, and God was it boring. In the end I couldn’t take it. I’d collapsed the damn building and moved on.
“Don’t push your luck, Your Highness.” I was trying to be cool, but I couldn’t hide the annoyance in my tone. “I haven’t even agreed to work with Wonder Boy over here.”
“The Elders requested this, Gideon. I’m only doing as they asked.”
I’d like to met these Elders and give them a piece of my mind. “Not my goddamn problem.”
Tristan stood calmly beside the king as if he had known all along I was going to react just as I was. The most annoying part was that he still wore that stupid smile. Was he being smug?
I turned from Tristan to Daligo. “I kill this Abigail, whatever, and this stupid assignment is over, right?” I turned back just in time to see Tristan’s smile disappear.
Finally! God, I hated that stupid smile! It creeped me out!
“Gideon, you can’t—”
I cut Tristan off. “I’ll take your silence as a yes, Your Highness.”
I turned to leave. I was halfway out when I remembered I was still holding the guard’s oozing heart. “I forgot something,” I said, heading back to stand in front of Tristan. He didn’t look smug anymore. If anything, he looked confused. “Here.” I took his right hand and gently placed the heart in it. “It’s a souvenir. Something to remember me by.” I turned, and flew right through the ceiling Tristan had just restored, shattering it into pieces again.
When I hit the cold air, I tried to process what had happened, but I couldn’t think straight. I decided feeding might clear my mind. The Grandinian Town Square was nearby and couldn’t be beat as a food source, so I made my way there.
Unlike the Lumenians who fed on happiness and love, we, the Grandinians, feed on pain and fear. I liked to torture souls to feed, but most of my kind just go to a place where pain is already to be found, like a battlefield or an accident scene or a cemetery. They don’t bother to inflict the pain they feed upon, or to kill anyone. How boring. 
Dark, gloomy, and dangerous though it might be, our Town Square was a center of admiration throughout the universe, the New York City of the non-Earth planets, you might say. Every trinket and trade goods from every planet could be found within its walls, for display or for sale. Tourists from around the universe came to Grands for their holidays or to admire baubles from other planets or dimensions. I loved going there, because I got to feed from different species, each with its own form of pain. A thousand different flavors of despair.
It didn’t take me long to arrive, and when I did, I flew down to see what I had to work with. You’d think someone might have noticed my resemblance to the face on the five-foot wanted poster hanging in the center of the square, but everyone was preoccupied doing their own thing and no one spotted me. I watched the young angels who chased one another through the crowd, shouting and laughing. A group of sightseers was mesmerized by a building hanging in mid-air, an architectural fad that was considered old-fashioned and gimmicky by the locals, though it still amazed visitors. Shoppers picked through colorful clothing from different planets and the latest cutting-edge technological gadgets, wonderstruck by the variety, and also by the steep prices.
The marketplace was packed. I knew I’d arrived on a good day.
I’d only just arrived, when—
“Looking for something?”
Tristan again! Seriously, did he live in Grands now?
I watched as he landed across the marketplace, glimmering brightly, his huge white wings stretched out behind him. Show-off.
“I’m looking for dessert. Know where I might find some?” I clenched my fists at my sides.
“What type would you like? Hot? Cold?” He conjured a steaming fresh blackberry pie topped with French vanilla ice cream. I seriously hate this guy!
I faked a smile to disguise the anger that was building inside me, and conjured a ball of fire, which I launched at a pair of angels haggling over a price of electronic equipment.
When the fire was inches from hitting them, it turned to ice, frozen in midair.
“Hot, then,” Tristan said through gritted teeth. Someone shouted my name. Panic ensued. 
When I saw a mass of angels clamoring to escape the square I threw another fireball into the crowd, and again, Tristan stopped it. I threw another, which barely left my fingertips before it evaporated.
I growled, and took two steps closer to him. I aimed my next fireball directly at his chest, but it froze, thawed, and fell to the ground in a shower of water droplets before it could reach him. 
Enough of this.
I gathered my strength and released a wall of flame that rushed outward from me in all directions; there was no way he could contain it all. On every side, displays shattered and creatures screamed as the flames swept over them. 
The screaming made me happy.
I turned and walked away from Tristan, black dust swirling behind me. My footprints burned holes into the ground. I turned full circle to admire my destruction.
“Gideon! Stop this!” Tristan shouted, waving his hands. 
Was he taunting me? Cheeky.
I threw a fireball the opposite direction from Tristan, toward the nearest group of tourists, but it evaporated into a chilly mist before it reached them, as though it had been stopped by an invisible barrier. I tried again, and again my fires evaporated on contact with the mysterious shield of air Tristan had put in place.
“Let them go, Gideon. They are innocent!” His voice, filled with pain, echoed through the marketplace.
“Innocent?” Anger rippled through me and I ground my teeth. “No one is innocent.”
Tristan landed in front of me. “Right now, I see you hurting them for no reason, and that makes them innocent.”
I gave a humorless laugh. “You tell Daligo I accept his challenge.”
Our faces were inches apart.
“I guess I’ll be seeing you tomorrow,” he said. 
I pulled away from him and took a quick look around the square at the smoldering embers. A few bodies lay in the midst of the rubble. Beautiful.
“Save me a seat in first period.” I hurled flames every each way as I left him, and as much as Tristan tried, he couldn’t stop them all. I smiled as painful screams filled the air around us once more.
I threw a parting glance over my shoulder at Tristan, who was distracted protecting all those creatures he didn’t even know, and I couldn’t resist taking advantage of his distraction. I threw one last ball of flame toward him. No luck; he spotted it, and with a flick of his hand, the flames spun back toward me.
I had to jump out of the way, barely escaping my own creation. That was adding insult to injury. Smug little git.
Time to try something different. 
I waved my hands, but this time, I didn’t bother with flames. Instead I conjured a cloud of dark, acrid smoke and sent it swirling around Tristan. Tristan stopped the smoke and contained it before it reached him, checking it with a blue smoke cloud of his own. I pushed with all my strength, but he countered. Surprisingly, the blue smoke started to move closer to me, giving off enough heat to singe the hair on my forearms and burn my skin. 
I’d known Tristan was powerful, but not this powerful. His smoke crept closer and closer to me, and I feared I might lose.
Then again, losing wasn’t an option for me.
I braced myself for the pain, and then released my hold on the black smoke. The moment I did, Tristan’s smoke slammed into my chest, sending me crashing through the vendors’ tables behind me.
I won’t lie. It hurt. I felt as if I were literally on fire. But worse, I could feel my whole body weakening. Although I was a being who grew stronger on pain, and though I was standing in a marketplace filled with pain, I couldn’t regain my strength.
I forced myself to stand. The weakness stirred my anger far more than any injury could. It burned through me.
I raised my hand, lifting a little girl into the air. She hung there, a dozen feet or more above our heads, screaming as I slowly peeled back the layers of her mind one by one and mentally tortured her.
“No!” Tristan shouted, and by the time his voice had died out, the little girl was safely on the ground beside him. 
I had already moved on to a new set of victims, levitating two angels, a women and a little boy. Their wings twitched uselessly at their sides. I brought down my hands to send them crashing to the ground, but Tristan stopped them, too, holding them suspended for a moment before lowering them gently to the cobblestones.
This guy was really cramping my style. I wasted no time in creating another fireball and hurling it at him.
This time he was too late to stop it. The fire hit him dead-on. I smiled as the flames swallowed him up, and he yelled. 
Some of the angels shouted his name and rushed to his aid, forgetting that I was still there and that the danger hadn’t passed.
Of course they wouldn’t want Tristan to get hurt. No one wanted Tristan harmed because he was a hero, and the only effective weapon against me. 
It took Tristan a few seconds, but soon he had freed himself of the conflagration. Although he was in pain, I knew he would refuse to leave. I didn’t want to look like I was backing down, even though I was reaching my limits, so I did the one thing that I could think of.
“Until tomorrow, Your Royal Highness,” I laughed, and hurled a fireball toward a trio of angels just off to his left. I didn’t wait to see if it burned anyone. I doubted it had.
I snapped my fingers, transporting myself out of the town square and into the forest, to my house.

HOME. I’D HEARD it was where the heart was, but for me, home was where my annoying family was.
Our house was in the forest a little way from town. The forest was now called the forbidden forest, because I lived here. No one bothered coming here, which was good, because frankly, I’d be embarrassed if someone saw how homey our house looked.
Our house was warm and cozy. It didn’t fit in in Grands. It looked like a typical suburban houses on earth, the kind with the fancy furniture and the perfect landscaping and the happy family, except that ours hovered in the air, surrounded by darkness instead of a garden, and our family wasn’t a happy one.
Looking in through the window, I saw that the lights were on, and that everyone was home. 
I retracted my dark wings and lazily pushed open the door to the house.
Valoel, my seventeen-year-old little sister, was hovering in the living room reading a teen magazine from Earth when I entered. To her, humans were the most fascinating creatures alive. Lumenians and Grandinians were stronger, faster, and smarter, but she had a point: all our strength and our smarts were bent on influencing human beings, weak and useless though they were. 
Valoel was a know-it-all smarty-pants whose whole purpose in life seemed to be annoying me. Somehow, she always seemed to know what I was about to do and what I was thinking, and to make matters worse, she had essentially taken over my room as her own; she came and went whenever she wanted. I had no secrets from her. No one else dared defy me like that, but Val? She didn’t even respect my privacy. 
My father, Eson, sat as he always did, beside the fireplace, looking into the flames. The red firelight glinted in his auburn hair, and I could see he might have been attractive, even downright handsome, once. Now he rarely spoke, and never spoke to me. Ever since I could remember he’d acted as if I didn’t exist. He never asked how I was doing, or even said hello. I didn’t blame him though. He couldn’t control me and he couldn’t be proud of me: who wanted an evil angel as a son? 
My mother, Gradla, sat on a chair beneath Valoel, knitting.
My mother was the bravest woman I knew, because unlike my father she always asked after how I was doing, even though a run-down of one of my average days would likely scare the daylights out of her if I’d ever bothered to answer. She had dark hair like mine, and deep green eyes like me and Valoel, and she looked like she was thirty-three, though I knew she was much older than that.
“Son.” My mother stood the moment she saw me, narrowly avoiding bumping into Val. “How—how was your day?” she asked, ducking out of the way.
I don’t know why my mother bothers to speak to me when she’s clearly frightened of me. I wanted to answer, but I just didn’t have time for her at the moment. I needed to get to my room and make a plan about how to kill this Abigail human. 
“Not now, mother.” I made my way up the stairs to my room.
“So?” Valoel was already in front of me, in the doorway. “Did you get me something?”
I really didn’t like my sister. She was a pest. At the moment she had a laurel-leaf crown in her rich gold hair, and that, paired with the white sundress she wore,  made her look much younger than she was.
I pushed past her, “Don’t start with me, Val.”
I went into my room and closed the door behind me.
Valoel was already there. “Someone is grumpy. What’s eating you?”
My room was Spartan, almost totally empty. I didn’t have anything worth having around. When I’d come home from the Town Square on the day of the apocalypse, my room had been like any normal eleven-year-old’s. I’d had magazines of cars, sports cards I’d collected from Earth and elsewhere, a football, a skateboard on the floor, a baseball bat in the closet, and souvenirs from holiday trips all around the universe.
I’d burnt them all, because what was the point in having them when I didn’t even remember why I had them? It was all a blank. 
“Val, if I ask you—”
She cut me off. “I heard you’d be working with the prince.”
Good news did travel fast.
“Did you also hear the one where the big brother killed his little sister because she was annoying him?” I asked.
“Lots of times, Gids. Lots of times.” She looked at me for a second, and then made a sofa appear, a ridiculous overstuffed thing edged in purple fringe. “Wanna’ talk about it?” she asked as she sat down. “I know the prince is powerful, and can probably kill you, but I’ll let you in on a secret.” She tapped on the space beside her for me to sit down.
Val was the only one who acted like this around me, as if she didn’t care about who I was. Sometimes it was fascinating, but today it was just irritating.
“Val, you know that I can torture you with my mind, right?” 
“I know that.” She pointed for me to sit down again. “I just keep wondering why you haven’t yet.”
I humored her and took a seat. “I can’t torture you because I don’t know what you fear. I have never caught even a glimpse of fear or pain in your eyes. Don’t you feel?” I made sure my words were believable, because I had a secret I wasn’t ready to tell.
The secret was that I had never hurt Valoel because, it seemed to me, she was the only real family I had. My parents were afraid of me and could barely stand being near me. Valoel might be annoying, but she was the sole reason why I came home every day—I knew I’d have someone to talk with. 
I couldn’t tell her that I thought of her as my whole family, because then she’d know I needed her, and the trick was to make everyone believe that I didn’t need anybody.
But I was sure she knew.
Valoel laughed. “I’m not a stone, Gideon. Just because you can’t feel your heart doesn’t mean I can’t feel mine.” 
“Then tell me, come on. What is your greatest fear? Have you ever felt any pain?”
“Pain,” Valoel whispered. “I know pain more than anyone else.” She smiled quickly, and I knew it was to mask the sadness within. 
“It doesn’t seem like it.” I pointed out.
She stood. “Look, I know what you’re doing. You’re trying to distract me from asking if you are scared of Tristan.” Nothing got past her. “I don’t need to ask. I know you are. I’ll tell you one thing though; you leave his human alone and you might just survive.” And then she was gone, along with her purple monstrosity of a sofa.
Leave his human alone? That wasn’t going to happen. I had one goal now, and one goal only: to kill his human before the sun set tomorrow. It should be easy. How hard could it be to kill a spoiled little rich girl?




























MY REALITY
Abigail

“The mind is its own place, and in itself
Can make a heaven of Hell, a hell of Heaven.”
John Milton


In the old West, during a shootout, you either pulled your trigger first or you died.
There were no second chances, so you’d pray you were a crack shot. The one unshakeable rule in a shootout was to be steady and keep your eyes open, no matter what.
“You’re surrounded Abigail. Give up,” my father said, his gun pointed squarely at my head.
Out of the corner of my eye I could see that at least three of my other attackers had a bead on me. I couldn’t cover all four.
“I’d listen to him if I were you!” Logan, my trainer, called out from behind the bulletproof glass enclosure at the far side of the range, where he stood for safety.
Giving up to my father wasn’t something I wanted to do, but they were both right. I was surrounded, which meant I’d lost, but then—
My father blinked, so I took the shot. 
The bullet I fired went straight into my father’s chest and he fell, hard, on his back. The three men around me were taken by surprise by this, and they turned to him. I took the chance, and fired three times in rapid succession, not missing a shot.
“And that, my friends, is how you pull a trigger.” I blew on the mouth of my gun like I’d seen in movies.
Logan rushed over to my father. “Brian, are you OK?” 
“Oh relax, he’ll be fine.” My father glared in pain as Logan helped him up. 
I turned to the others. Just like my father, they looked a little out of sorts.
“Shake it off, guys. It’s not like I shot you with a bazooka. Not even a little armor-piercing bullet.”
We’d been at this for about three hours now. I’d got shot twice myself, but thanks to the bulletproof vests we wore, I’d been able to get up and keep fighting, though with a little difficulty. Kevlar vests will keep the bullets from tearing into your body, but the impact will still leave a horrible bruise. You can even crack a few ribs. I was still moving, but I was certainly moving a bit more slowly than I would be at my peak.
“I should stop underestimating you,” my father said as he started to pull off his vest. He seemed to be favoring his left shoulder a bit. 
I walked over to the other men on the floor, and helped the first one up. “You all right?” I asked him.
He nodded, tearing at the Velcro straps of his vest. “You could have warned us, though,” he said as I moved away to offer my hand to one of the others.
“I must have missed the lesson in tactical where it’s explained that the killer should warn his victim of his plans,” I said. I was teasing, but my voice held a bit of sourness.
“Abby’s right,” my father chimed in. “No warnings, no second chances. Besides, a second chance is just another chance to screw up. She got us fair and square.”
He and Logan joined us. Logan pulled his earplugs out, and went around with a sandwich bag collecting ours as well. “Brian, put them in the bag, don’t hand them to me! Try to set a good example for your daughter.” 
One of the gunmen patted me on the back, “Nice work today,” he said. The others agreed with him, and for just a second a proud smile appeared on my father’s lips. Only a second. Then it was gone.
I stared after the men as they walked out of the hall together with Logan. They were friends of my father who had agreed to help me train today. 
The moment they were out of sight, an awkward silence fell between my father and me. I wasn’t surprised, because he was barely around, and when he was, we either spent the time beating each other up or shooting each other.
It wasn’t that my father and I had nothing to talk about. It was that I didn’t know what to ask him, because… what do you ask your secret agent father when he pops around for a visit? “Hey, killed any bad guys lately?” Yeah, I was pretty sure that wasn’t something I was supposed to bring up, so I just never had any real conversions with him.
Finally my father asked, “So, how has training been going with Logan?” to close the awkward silence.
Logan McCartney was my personal trainer. He was in his mid-thirties, and before my father had hired him to train me Logan had worked for the U.S. Marine Corps. He was strong and lithe, a very good trainer and very handy with technology. 
The coolest thing he’d taught me, aside from how to shoot a soda can through with an arrow without knocking it over, was how to hack into computer systems. It hadn’t been in his job description, but I’d begged him to teach me, and he couldn’t resist showing off.
Our training sessions mainly took place in a field behind our house. Logan and my father had installed reactive targets there for archery and gun practice. Once, Logan made me stand in the rain for hours shooting arrows. When I wasn’t shooting arrows or bullets, I was throwing up my fists during combat training.
“Good.” I answered. “Good. Logan is a really good teacher.” Except for the time he’d made me run twenty miles while he followed me in his car, drinking the water I’d begged for right in front of me.
“It’s good to hear you say that.” With that, the conversation reached a dead end.
My father, Brian Cells, grew up around guns, because his father was a commissioned officer in the U.S. Army and worked for the DoD, the Department of Defense. He’d pretty much grown up in the Pentagon. At a young age, he was already interested in following in his father’s footsteps, and was given his first assignment as a covert agent for the Defense Intelligence Agency when he was just twenty-four. He moved to the Central Intelligence Agency soon after.
During one of his missions with the CIA he was tasked with following a model who was believed to be using her jet-setting career as a cover for engaging in espionage. He’d followed the woman to a fashion show—my mother’s fashion show. He’d met my mother, Mercy Cells, there, they’d fallen in love, and, eventually, along came me.
Unfortunately, their romance wasn’t meant to last. When my father’s identity was compromised, well, we were easier targets than he was. His enemies came for us time and time again, and finally, they got to us. Dad was able to protect us, but not before my mother was shot. 
My mother needed little more than stitches, but all the same, she didn’t take it so well. She and Dad had both decided it was better if he weren’t in the picture. As a celebrity in the fashion world, the head of the Cells fashion empire, my mother couldn’t go into hiding. She was recognized everywhere. Her every moment was recorded. My father, and the secrets his job required him to keep, didn’t quite fit in with her very public life. 
They’d both agreed to tell the world they had divorced. She stayed in the same house, now staffed with rank upon rank of bodyguards. I lived with her, and she’d told her friends and colleagues she had won full custody. 
My father’s fears for our safety had driven him to hire Logan to train me, so that I could protect myself if anything were to happen again while he was away. I was thirteen when he’d first come to visit with Logan in tow. He’d told me that although I was watched twenty-four hours a day by my live-in bodyguards, he needed to be sure that I’d be able to defend myself if anyone got past them. From that day onward, Logan trained me in hand-to-hand combat, small arms, archery, and anything else he thought I’d need to survive if I were kidnapped.
I seriously doubted I’d get kidnapped, because my bodyguards, Felix and Ben, followed me everywhere I went, as if every teenage girl loves having her every moment watched over by trained professionals who report back to her parents. I’d never be kidnapped, and probably never have any fun, either.
My father still came to visit once every five or six months. He’d wake me up in the middle of the night, and we’d sit and talk for hours. I never knew how long he’d be able to stay: sometimes he’d be with us for a month, others he had to leave mere minutes after he arrived.
During his long-term stays, we would try to act as if we were a normal family, as if he were always around. One time when he came home several months ago, there had been a problem with my mother’s car. He and I had decided to fix it for her, but when we were done, the car wouldn’t even start. We still laugh about that.
“Are we still on for practice, or should we call it a day?” Logan asked as he walked back into the hall. “I can get the car ready if you guys want to go back home.”
We were inside an underground secret CIA training center hidden in an abandoned warehouse somewhere east of San Francisco. No, not at Alcatraz, ostensibly because that would be the first place anyone would look, though it might also have been that the prison was simply too damp for the electronics. 
The facility was divided into three sectors: We were in the second sector, which housed an eclectic mix of training materials: code books, computer equipment, the arsenal. In the first sector, to our left, was the gym, with its exercise machines, heavy boxing bags, an indoor track, and an Olympic-size swimming pool. The first time Logan had taken me there, I thought swimming laps was the only thing I’d have to do. Then he’d asked me how long I could hold my breath under the water. That day I’d found out that one minute and five seconds wasn’t quite long enough.
The last sector was the all-in-one sector. There was a shop where Agency personnel learned how to repair and manufacture bombs and surveillance equipment. There were chemistry labs where they learned about explosives and about tests for the residues left by various chemical and biological warfare agents. There was a forensics lab. The first time I went into that forensics lab I’d failed my assignment terribly. There had been an elaborate re-creation of a crime scene, and I was asked to explain what had happened to the victim based on blood spatter evidence. I missed clue after clue, and ended up going over that same crime scene for four days, until finally I was able to tell Logan exactly what he wanted to hear. Luckily I made up for that by doing quite well the next week during a computer forensics test, when Logan asked me to recover and investigate some digital evidence. He’d made me spend the rest of the day trying to recover lost data from mobile device destroyed beyond fixing. At the end of the day, I couldn’t feel my fingertips.
There was also an indoor shooting range. An indoor climbing wall. A small infirmary that was better stocked than some hospitals. There was one room that contained only large metal spikes fastened to the walls, and the only way to get from one end of the room to the other was to swing from spike to spike. 
Logan brought me here at least once a month so I could practice my skills and make use of the facilities. Shooting paper targets and soda cans in the backyard at home was nothing compared to the many different things I could learn in this place. It was exhausting, physically and mentally, and sometimes I tried to fake being ill to get out of going, but Logan always saw through me.
“No, we’re good. Give us a while to warm up.” My father said, and then I followed him to the mat where two rounds of kickboxing and a lot of pain awaited me.












DEFYING GRAVITY

OK, you can do this, Abigail,” I told myself. I mean, how hard could it be to climb a rope?
Well, this was more a fishing net with bigger holes than a rope. The first time I’d made it to the top without falling I’d bought myself a tub of ice cream to celebrate. Actually, it was more like my bodyguard, Felix, bought me the ice cream, because I couldn’t go into a store on my own without getting mobbed by the paparazzi. 
“You understand the task ahead?” my father asked me, already taking his position behind the heavy bag.
I was going to be running through an obstacle course here in sector three. Besides the climb, I would have to get over a short stone wall set with spikes, and I’d have to survive the dreaded standing long jump.
The long jump in this course was no safe little track-meet sand pit. Three holes approximately eleven feet deep were built into the floor of this gym, with nets at the bottom. Each hole was about six-and-a-half feet wide, and I would have to jump each one without the benefit of a solid running start. The thought of even attempting to jump them scared me, and the nets below did absolutely nothing to calm me down.
I would have to jump all three in rapid succession before I’d reach yet another rope, which I would use to climb to a wooden platform fixed to the wall twenty feet up, on which I would find a quiver and bow.
After getting hold of the bow and quiver, I would have to climb down and race to the far end of the gym, where I would have three chances to hit a small red target that was fastened directly underneath the clock that was counting down the ten minutes I had to complete the task. 
The challenge for me wasn’t just to beat the clock—the real challenge was trying to get close to beating my father. I’d tried running the course during each of my visits here with Logan, but I’d never made it past the third standing jump: I always, always fell down.
To warm up before we started the challenge we’d decided to try a few jabs, long shots, and low kicks on the heavy bag and follow up with some hand-to-hand sparring. I wrapped my hands and slipped on my boxing gloves.
“What does the winner get?” I asked as my fist connected with the bag. My father, who was holding the bag, took a step back and steadied himself so my next punch wouldn’t take him by surprise.
“The loser tells mom he or she broke the lamp in the sitting room yesterday,” he said with a galling smile.
“But you broke it,” I argued, taking another punch at the bag. “You were that one who knocked it over.”
“It was an accident,” he defended himself. 
“Sure, if you call flying through the air at top speed just to be the first one to get the TV remote an accident, then yes.”
“Still an accident.” He winked while I continued working the bag, this time three short jabs in a row before I took a breath. “You’ve got quite a punch. You’re stronger than you look. Logan must be teaching you well.”
I continued with the bag for almost half an hour as my father commented on my moves and made suggestions on how to improve—don’t lean into your punches! Remember to keep your balance! —and he handed me a water bottle when I finished. Right after the short water break we moved to freeform sparring. It was here that I’d be able to show off any self-defense skills Logan had taught me. 
My father tightened a pair of boxing gloves on his own hands—at the intensity with which we trained, we’d be bruised all over if it weren’t for a little bit of padding.
“Your arm needs to be lower.” He took hold of my elbow with his clunky padded hands and bent it into the proper position. 
I didn’t say anything in response. I’d learned this trick from Logan the last time I’d begged him to cancel one of our training sessions because I wanted to hang out with my friends. He’d bargained, saying that if I could knock him down during one-on-one combat, he’d give me the day off. He’d started off by letting me beat him until the last minute, at which point he took me down, and I’d earned myself an extra session for losing.
“Lower your elbow.” Again, he didn’t wait for me to do this myself: he did it for me. “Now, try and block my arm.”
When my father swung his arm this time, it didn’t hit me in the stomach; instead, I blocked it. 
“Good,” he said as I blocked his fist once more. I could see from the way he threw his arms that he was going easy on me.
“Twenty bucks if I take you down,” I blocked his fist from hitting my jaw.
When I said this he laughed, and then he stopped fighting. “Seriously? Sweetheart, I don’t want to take your twenty bucks.”
“But I wanna take yours.” And with that, I ran my fist straight into his jaw, taking him by surprise.
He groaned in pain, and then his fist passed by my chin, inches away from contact. “I wasn’t ready.”
“Sorry, I didn’t know the enemy would wait for me to be ready before he beat me to death or shot me,” I teased.
“All right, you asked for it!” And just like that, I was sprawled on the mat, groaning, with my hand on my stomach. I knew my best friend Sarah’s father came to her cheerleading competitions and cheered her on; mine took me to abandoned buildings and beat the crap out of me.
“You do realize that I’m your daughter and also a girl, right?” I asked, as I stood upright and swung my hands toward my father’s face.
“You don’t hit like a girl, and the enemy is going to hit you even harder when he learns you’re my daughter.” Touché.
This time around when I blocked my father’s fist, he blocked mine too, and we continued like that for about ten more minutes. Sometimes he managed to land a blow, and other times I got him. Neither of us looked ready to give up and declare the other a winner.
“You tricked me into thinking you were bad at this, didn’t you?” my father asked when my next blow connected with his stomach. 
“No, I would never.” I crouched down so that his fist flew over my head, and then I threw another punch at his abdomen. I didn’t wait for him to pull himself back up when I struck a second punch that caught him on the side of his face. He gathered himself and swung at my face. I’d assumed he’d do that, so when I blocked his blow, I didn’t let go of his hands; instead, I immediately placed my foot forward for leverage and pulled him toward me so that he tripped on my legs and then bang, he fell, and I won.
“Yes!” I rejoiced, suddenly getting a little hopeful. Maybe I could win this. Maybe I could do this after all.
“Have you considered a future here?” my father asked as he got back to his feet.
“What happened to Harvard?” He and my mother had already mapped out my future—the very future they were afraid I wouldn’t even have.
“That’s still part of the plan,” he said, and then he started moving toward the rope. I trailed him, removing my boxing gloves.
I looked at the fishnet rope stretching above us and I inhaled deeply. I could climb: I’d done it often enough, but I was shaking because of the tiny, little known fact that I was afraid of heights. I hated anything that involved heights. The thought of having to sleep with a gun under my pillow didn’t even scare me as much as the rope in front of me did. 
“Logan, start the countdown,” my dad called out, waving at one of the cameras behind us, through which Logan was watching us from the control room.
I managed to take one more deep breath before a gong went off, signaling the start of the challenge. I couldn’t see the clock from where I stood.
My father was already halfway up the rope by the time I got the courage to start climbing.
“You’re not letting me win, are you?” he stopped so that I could reach him. “I’m serious, loser gets mom’s angry stare.” I knew that stare, the one that said more than words could.
Suck it up, Abigail. Another deep breath, and I started climbing. When I reached the top of the rope, my father was already starting down on the other side. I caught my breath yet again, told myself that I wasn’t going to collapse, and then I went down again with no problems.
I felt so happy when my feet touched the ground. At this point my father was already using the metal spikes on the wall to climb over.
“You’re too slow, Abigail!” I heard when I’d managed to make it halfway up the wall. He was standing below me, having already gone back down. What my father seemed to be forgetting was that I didn’t have his years of field training. I was only just starting out.
“Are you trying to make me win?” I asked, trying to sound nonchalant to cover my sadness that he was talking to me in his not-so-impressed voice.
“You wish.” And then he started climbing up again. This time around, I pushed myself and made it to the ground before he did, but when he reached the first long jump, he jumped right to the other side, no hesitation, leaving me standing still.
“You’re going easy on me, aren’t you?” he called from the edge of the second long jump.
I went back a few steps. “You wish.” Then I sprinted that paltry few steps and jumped. I was pretty sure I would land on the net below like last time, so when my feet actually touched solid ground, I was more surprised than my father.
“You did it!” he cheered, and then both of our eyes flickered toward the next pit, and we started running toward it. We both jumped at the same time: he landed perfectly, and I almost fell, but luckily for me, my father reached down and caught me.
I was too startled and winded to thank him. We scrambled for the final long jump, and the moment both our feet touched solid ground at the far side, we rushed on toward the rope and started climbing.
My heart felt like it was nearly jumping out of my chest because I was ten, now fifteen, now seventeen feet above the floor, but I refused to stop now.
My father and I both reached our quiver and bow at the same time. We both hooked them over our shoulders and started climbing back down.
He was fast going down. He was already lining up his first shot with the bow.
“Look at that, slowpoke. You’ve only got twenty seconds left.”
My father’s first arrow was straight and true. I quickly shot my own first arrow and felt delighted when it hit home. My second arrow hit right in the center of the red target moments after my father’s did.
“Five! Four!” My father’s final arrow hit the target, and he rejoiced. “Three! Two!” I nocked my last arrow, but it was too late. The buzzer sounded just as I was preparing to shoot.
My father shook his head sadly. “I am awfully disappointed in you for breaking your mother’s beautiful lamp.” He proceeded to place his bow and arrow on the floor and do a victory dance that I hoped, for both our sakes, he never did with people around.
“You know, children pick up on what their parents do. If you’re asking me to lie, I might just lie at some point…”
He cut me off with a “don’t even go there.” He tried to hug me, and then tried again after taking my bow. 
“I’m so proud of you. Really, truly proud of you.” He threw his arms around me now that the bow was out of the way. It was only then that I realized my whole body hurt from today’s workout.
“My little girl.” He pulled away. “Look at you, all grown up.” I believed from the tone of his voice that he was proud of me. 
“Logan’s taught me well.” I reached for some water. “And I’ll take care of Mom, so you don’t have to worry when you leave. I won’t let anything happen to her.”
“I’m worried about you, too, honey,” he said. “And I never wanted to bring you into my crazy world. When you were born, I dreamed of riding ponies and having princess tea parties with you. There was very little gunplay in any of those dreams. And now, look at you: you’re not my little girl anymore.” He sounded sad, and I knew he regretted the life that we were forced to live.
“Oh, Dad.” I forced a smile. “I’m all right. Besides, ponies and princesses are overrated.” 
He smiled back, wistfully. “I’d still have loved to attend a tea party with you.” He pulled me into another hug. I winced against his chest.
Our private father-daughter moment was interrupted by Logan, but Dad didn’t let go of me right away.
“Are we done here? Because I’d like to go home.” this made both of us laugh. I didn’t blame him; it was late, about an hour to midnight, and it was a school night. I needed to sleep as well.
My father finally let go of me. “Hey, we’re in luck. Others are coming to train after us, so we don’t need to clean up.” This got a cheer out of Logan.
The three of us crowded into the elevator up to the abandoned warehouse in which the training center was hidden. 
My father placed his thumb in the biometric scanner and then punched his password into a keypad beside the elevator. 
The doors closed behind us, and the elevator started to ascend. The overhead light was brighter here than it had been in the gym, and I could get a really good look at my father. He looked a little less beat up than I did, but nevertheless, he looked pretty bad. 
The elevator came to a stop, and before the door opened, a computerized voice announced my father’s departure. “Goodbye, Agent V.”
We entered a musty, ruined space when we stepped out of the elevator. Broken pieces of wood and bricks surrounded us.
“Anyone else think this place is a little spooky?” Logan asked when we came out.
The outside of the warehouse didn’t look like much. It was meant to look old and abandoned and as little like a state-of-the-art CIA-training facility as possible, and the designers had really outdone themselves. It was tattier and more run down than any other building in the city. A tall chain-link fence surrounded it on all sides with a tangle of rusted barbed wire along its top. Signs reading danger and no trespassing were tacked to the fence near the gate.
Logan and my father joked about whether the warehouse might be haunted as we headed for the cars, and made ghostly noises at one another that echoed off the damp gray cinderblock walls. “That sound! That was the Ghost of Burritos Past!”
“I’m moving upwind of you.”
“Do you want to ride with us honey?” Dad asked when we’d made it back to the sidewalk.
I wanted to go with my father, I did, but I didn’t want things to get awkward again, because I didn’t want to discuss the fact that I walked around waiting for something bad to happen all the time. He’d planted that fear in my head. He was a badass agent everyone loved and respected, and I didn’t want him to think I couldn’t handle the life being his daughter entailed, or that I was weak.
So I shook my head. “No, I’ll take my motorcycle.” I was already walking toward my Yamaha. “I’ll see you at home.” I put on my helmet, and rode out in front of them.
I’d trained with Logan for years. The first time he’d handed me a gun, even though it had been empty, I’d freaked out. We’d started my training with paintballs and empty guns until I was ready to handle the real thing. I didn’t understand then that everyone didn’t spend afternoons after middle school learning to use weapons, didn’t realize how unusual, and how necessary, it all was, but now I did. The world was a battlefield, and I’d been born right in the middle of it. Now I could hold any weapon without flinching. The scariest thing now about knowing how to use all those weapons was realizing how tempted I was to put my knowledge of them to the test.
When I merged onto the highway I saw the reason why both my father and Logan had been willing to let me ride home alone: the two black SUVs that were tailing me.




INNOCENCE

Abby, is everything all right up there?”
Crap. “Yes, Mom, I’m almost done!” I jumped off my bed and fell flat on my face, as my legs got tangled up with my sheets.
I forced myself out of the covers. “I’ll be right out!”
When I’d finally freed myself from the sheets I hurried into my walk-in closet. For some reason, my body wasn’t hurting from training the previous night.
My mother was about to launch her pre-spring collection, an addition to her fashion line, Cells. She’d asked me to get ready for the party, but instead I’d taken a shower, called my friends, and crawled into bed to read Harry Potter for the millionth time.
I grabbed the first dress I saw upon entering my closet. I was in luck; it was a short red Alexander McQueen that Mom was sure to approve of. I tugged it on, snatched a pair of black Christian Louboutin pumps (Louboutin’s signature red soles coordinated perfectly with my dress) from a shelf and rushed into my bathroom. I quickly brushed my hair, slipped into the heels, and dashed out of my room as fast as I could. 
“I know you don’t like crowds, honey, but please—smile for me tonight,” my mother said when I came downstairs. She stood together with one of my bodyguards, Ben, a dapper thirty-two-year-old with thinning blonde hair. Ben clutched a camera in his hand. 
“Of course I’ll smile, Mom. I’m happy for you,” I lied, repeating a pat response I’d used many times before. I hated being famous, hated having to smile and pose for the paparazzi, but I put up with all of it for her.
“How about giving me a smile now, Abby,” Ben said, snapping a picture of us. “You look beautiful,” he added, and my smile disappeared.
The camera’s flash reflected on the chandelier hanging between the wings of the double staircase, reminding me of all the cameras that were probably about to invade my space.
My mother saw that my smile was fake, and saw how quickly it had disappeared. “Stop saying that, Ben. Abby still thinks she’s ugly.” My mother always said this whenever the topic of my ‘beauty’ snaked its way into our conversations. In her eyes, I was a beauty and an inspiration to my friends and to teenagers everywhere. But, seriously: couldn’t someone else inspire them? Why me?
I hated getting caught up in the chaos the media brought to my life. There was no privacy, and the tabloids talked about everything I did. At school, it was like I was parting the Red Sea whenever I walked down the hall. 
It always surprised me that Mom would find me beautiful, when compared to her I was a gawky adolescent frump. Compared to her, Helen of Troy was a gawky little frump. At the age of forty-two, she looked no more than thirty. She had dark, wavy hair that cascaded down past her shoulders and golden brown eyes like mine. She’d always been the cool, beautiful mother who turned heads and graced the covers of magazines. I’d lost count long ago of how many times she’d been named the Most Beautiful This or the Sexiest That Alive. Each year her name was at least mentioned in some such category.
“All right, maybe I’m not ugly, but can’t I just be Abigail, at least in my own home?” 
Both my mother and Ben laughed as if I’d just made a joke, which I didn’t get because I wasn’t the funny kind. I’d tried telling a joke once, and my friends told me to never do it again.
My mother posed for one last picture with me. “Honey you are so innocent, and so adorable.” 
I wasn’t innocent or adorable. As a matter of fact, I was sometimes the opposite of the loving, caring, role model Abigail that the media made me out to be. The public loved me because I was charitable. My fans loved me because of my mother—it didn’t hurt that I’d inherited her sense of style and her friendly nature. Only my family and friends loved me because I was Abigail.
And to most of my friends and family, Abigail meant a clumsy, loving, caring, awkward, selfless young lady. And I was that Abigail, but there was another Abigail, too—one who liked the rush of danger and loved playing with guns. I didn’t quite understand her, because she was nothing like the Abigail that everyone knew and loved. That other Abigail was lethal.

JUMP—DON’T JUMP—jump—don’t jump—jump—don’t—
“Abigail!” my best friend Sarah shouted my name, jerking me back from my internal debate.
Caught. Damn, I should have jumped.
I looked around, slowly realizing I was in a restroom. I could hear music booming in the background. I knew I was at the party, I just didn’t remember how I’d arrived. 
Sarah walked toward me, noting that I was trying, somewhat unsuccessfully, to stand on top of the radiator. “You weren’t planning on sneaking out through the window, were you?” 
That was exactly what I was planning. “Do you have a ladder?”
Although my friends and I were close, they didn’t know about my training. To them, I was the luckiest girl alive. I had a mother who loved me, and we were rich as well. I didn’t tell them about my family’s secret, because I didn’t know where to start and where to end, and so I did the only thing I could—kept half of my life hidden. 
“Yes, of course I do. Just let me dig it out of my purse. Come on, Abby. If you make me miss this party, I’m going to kill you.” Sarah frowned, snatching my pumps out of my hand and taking my lipstick and bag away from me. For the first time tonight, I noticed her beautiful, strapless, gold satin Cells dress. Sarah looked gorgeous as always, her hair fanning out around her shoulders. I’ve always admired her beauty, her big brown eyes, and her flawless dark skin. Black was indeed beautiful. 
All right, plan C. A had been to play sick, which obviously hadn’t worked or I wouldn’t be here. B was to slip out the window, which Sarah had just ruined. So C would be to hide out all night in the bathroom. “You can go have fun, Sarah. I’ll join you later.”
Sarah took my face in her hands without warning, “You are coming out,” she said as she started reapplying my lipstick, “and you are going to enjoy yourself.” She pushed my head toward the mirror when she was done, so I could look at myself. “See? I’m a miracle worker. You no longer look like an ugly duckling, which means you can come out from hiding.” She shoved the lipstick back into my bag.
“Sarah, I know you…” She was already shaking her head before I could get my words out.
She slipped my handbag onto my shoulder and smoothed my hair one last time for good measure. “You are coming out,” she ordered, clutching my hand and pulling me along.
Sarah managed to get me out of the restroom despite my dragging my feet. When we rejoined the party, I remembered why I’d run away. The music was too loud. The place was filled with noise, the press, cameras, and guys who only wanted to date me because I was famous. All of that made me not want to be there.
Sarah knew I would slink away if given the chance, so she didn’t let go of my hand until we reached my two other best friends, Jake and Danny, two funny eighteen-year-old troublemakers whom I loved having in my life.
Jake was a charming skater boy who’d been in detention more times than I could count. Danny was smart and funny, and got as much detention as Jake. Sarah was the cheer captain—understanding, loving and ambitious. Me? I was just the rich, famous kid. 
When I saw that Jake was dressed in what looked like an Elizabethan doublet and pale blue hose, I forgot my escape plans. What was he thinking? 
Danny teased. “Dude, Shakespeare called, and he wants his outfit back!” We broke into loud, genuine, tension-breaking laughter. When the laughter faded, however, a cameraman snapped my picture, and I remembered why I didn’t want to be there. 
“You’re thinking about going home, aren’t you?” Sarah squinted at me. She knew me all too well. “Why? Every guy here wants to dance with you.” 
That was one of my problems. “I don’t care if every guy here wants to dance with me. I just want to go home.” At the moment I’d rather be at home watching the Discovery Channel. “Besides, guys just want one thing.”
“And what is that?” a young man’s voice from behind me asked. 
“Excuse me?” The voice that had spoken was sweet and rich, like a heavenly symphony, and even though the place was packed with noises, I couldn’t hear anything except him.
“Hello,” he said, and since I was sure I couldn’t avoid responding, I slowly turned around.
My eyes went straight to the stranger’s big black army boots, then up to his rough-cut jeans, then to his ebony shirt and black leather jacket. Finally, my eyes reached his face.
I couldn’t breathe when I saw him. Everything about his chiseled features spoke of danger, even his messy dark hair. I unabashedly stared. 
He wasn’t just handsome, he was… unusual, reminding me of one of Leonardo’s angels, perfect and, well, frighteningly too perfect. So beautiful, yet every bone in my body told me to run away from him. I didn’t know why, and I didn’t want to find out. I sensed raw danger.
Beware of the angels you invite in, for some are demons in disguise, I thought. I pushed the warning aside. 
“I didn’t mean to disturb you.” His voice enchanted me. I could see I wasn’t the only one, as Sarah was a little unfocused as well. “My car just broke down, and I was wondering if I could get directions to the nearest bus stop.” I could see his perfect lips moving, the colored lights glinting off his dark hair, but I didn’t hear anything else he said.
Wait. Bus stop? How had he managed to get into the party? There was a guest list—I had helped my mother with it—and this stranger wasn’t on the list, was he? He couldn’t be. And if he were supposed to be here, why would he be asking for directions? All my questions about this, this person, hung heavy in the air around us. We took a bit too long to respond to him.
He looked from one of us to the other, waiting for someone to answer, but we all just stared silently back at him. He cleared his throat. “Um, I hope I’m not crashing your party.”
Danny pushed me aside, “Of course not. Besides, a party isn’t a party until someone crashes it.” 
At the sound of Danny’s voice I came back to myself, shaking myself out of my daze.
“So… can you show me where I can find a bus stop?”
Jake took over. “Of course. Abby is about to go home, and her driver can drop you off at the bus stop. She goes right past it.” Jake gave me a wink and a big smile after this, as if he had just done me a huge favor. I knew he had only offered because he knew my bodyguards would be with me. He would never have allowed me to give a stranger a ride on my own. 
And I was also sure he was playing wingman, since Sarah was still too dazed to do that. 
The stranger turned and looked at me, and then I did the worst possible thing I could think of: I smiled at him and blushed. Which I suppose I was entitled to do, since I was about to escort the most drop-dead gorgeous guy I’d ever met to…
To the bus stop. How romantic.
Maybe he’d ask me for my number. Wow. I scared myself with that thought. I was usually not the girly type. I’d only once had a boyfriend of sorts, but that had only lasted for a month and a half, and I’d never acted as giddy with him as I was doing now.
“That’s nice of you. I’m Gideon,” he introduced himself, holding out his hand. 
I didn’t remember any Gideon on the guest list. I figured he had probably bribed the guards at the front door. 
“The… me… car… is ready out,” I babbled. Gideon still stood with his hand out, and then, to my horror and chagrin, gave up and put his hand back in his pocket. I wanted to give myself a face punch after that. What the hell was wrong with me? Yeah, the guy looked like he’d leaped out of a fairytale, but that was no excuse for me to gawp at him, slack-jawed and speechless. Actually, it would have been the perfect time to be speechless. Silence would certainly have been better than “The… me… car… is ready out.” Damn.
Gideon was grinning, probably at me, and at how stupid I must have sounded. Way to make a total fool of yourself Abigail!
Taking a deep breath, I pulled myself together, “Sorry, I meant, the limo is… outside,” I corrected. I could feel that I was still blushing. 
Looking to avoid any more awkward episodes, I said goodbye to my friends. With Gideon in tow I searched trough the crowd until I found my mother and said goodbye to her as well, and then I called Ben to drive us home. Because of the life I lived, I sometimes felt as though I suffered from hypervigilance. I startled at the slightest sound, always jumpy, and just below the level of consciousness I always had a vague, constant feeling of being under threat. And right now, at the thought of giving a stranger a ride, warning alarms were going off in my head, even though Ben was sitting right in front of me, heavily armed and expertly trained, driving the limo.
Ben had been driving for about five minutes, and no one had said a word. An oppressive silence filled the limo. I could feel Gideon’s eyes on me in the dark. When I turned to look at him, he smiled.
Surprisingly, I found myself asking, “What?” Then I quickly looked away. 
“My question. You never answered me.” He reached out and closed the privacy screen in the limo, separating Ben from us. My heart jumped even faster, unsure of what Gideon was up to. A part of me went into panic mode, and another part, the really girly part, went into full-on blush mode, wondering, half in fear and half in excitement, if this was going to be one of those nights that would leave me waking up the next morning asking, “Damn, did I do that?”
“What,” I swallowed breathlessly, “question?” 
Gideon looked straight into my eyes from just inches away, making me all the more breathless. It was as if he didn’t know he was, um, ornamental, though obviously he must have owed a mirror or two. I knew I would if I looked like a masterpiece by Michelangelo.
“You said guys only wanted one thing.” Oh. That.
I’d heard Sarah’s mother warn us, girls, be careful, because guys only want one thing so many times that I thought I understood what she meant. Now that it was time for me to explain the lesson to someone, though, I wasn’t quite sure what the lesson was.
I’d just made up my mind to give a vague, non-answer answer, when suddenly Gideon had my hands in his. My heart skipped a beat. The part of me that was blushing and excited disappeared, leaving only panicked Abigail behind. Immediately, I pulled my hands away.
“Well, what do all guys want?” He was defiant now.
“They… I mean, they only want… ” I had no idea what I wanted to say, so I looked away from him and tried breathing, because for some reason it seemed all the air in the limo had been drained out. “They want to… fool around… I mean have… fun?” Could I sound any more pathetic?
I could shoot a can off the top of Logan’s head without blinking, and yet I was speechless because of a cute guy? This wasn’t what I thought happened when you traded dolls for guns. Where had all that determination, all that cold steely strength disappeared to?
“Fool around?” And as if he weren’t already godlike enough, he laughed. I couldn’t explain how wonderful his laughter sounded. There was one thing I did know; his laughter was what good music was made out of. It sounded so addictive, and somehow sexy, that for a second I forgot all my self-defense training, and felt like moving toward him, getting closer to him.
“You are funny, Abigail.” That snapped me out of my reverie. Funny? High-school-girl logic said boys didn’t want a funny girl. They wanted a girl who was hot, not funny. Had I made a fool of myself by making a joke. No. Maybe? I didn’t know about dating. I wouldn’t even know if I’d made a fool of myself.
When that reality hit home, I pleaded to God to let us reach the bus stop before I collapsed out of shame or embarrassed myself any further. 
“I didn’t mean… ” I tried to take another breath, but the air was dense now. I forced my next sentence out before I suffocated. “I guess… boys like to have fun” OK, now I was just making stuff up.
“I thought boys liked to eat.” The moment Gideon said this, it was as if the air returned, breaking whatever spell I was under. 
“Eat?” I asked, confused. I hadn’t been expecting him to say this. “What are you talking about?” I knew boys liked food, but let’s face it, that wasn’t the one thing they wanted. Sarah’s mom hadn’t been warning us to guard our sandwiches closely. 
I was expecting Gideon to come up with an explanation, but instead, when he opened his mouth, what came out was “I killed your driver.”
He killed my driver? What? We were almost at the bus stop, and I totally didn’t get his humor. Why was he ruining the mood with this crazy talk? “Excuse me?” I asked, suddenly feeling uneasy. 
“I said, I killed your driver.” His sexy voice now sounded cold. So much for the angel face. I should’ve known not to judge this pretty little book by its cover. I guess he was one of those weirdos. Really, were all the nice guys taken? Were the only hot ones left all deranged like this? 
Couldn’t he have made awkward jokes like normal guys? “Wait a minute. You killed my driver? You’re funny.” No wait, funny’s not the word I’m looking for. Psychotic. Yeah, that was it. I leaned away from him to remind Ben to turn off for the bus stop. I pushed the button that lowered the glass between us and the front seat, and then I screamed. 
As the glass lowered, I saw Ben’s head lolling forward onto the steering wheel. The car continued to drive on its own. The horn blared as Ben’s head rolled onto it. The car raced past the bus stop, and my heart nearly burst out of my chest. This time when I turned to look at Gideon, it wasn’t passion that I felt. It was stark fear. 
I struggled to speak. “What have you done? Who are you?” 
At once, his lovely green eyes darkened. And then he reached out for me.
I screamed for help, but there was no one around to hear.





 

























AVALANCHE

I’ve always heard that there’s a white-hot feeling one gets when one senses death is near, but I didn’t feel it. 
Although I was freaking out and desperately wishing I hadn’t left the party, I still didn’t have the intense emotion I’d expected would come over me when I was fighting for my life. I didn’t really have any emotion at all. I was too overcome with shock to feel anything else. Instead of feeling or acting, I simply noticed that everything had become very still and very clear. All the colors of things around me became deeply saturated, the red of my dress, the green of Gideon’s eyes. 
I started cursing myself for agreeing to give a stranger a ride. What the hell was I thinking? I thought of all the years of training I’d had, all for nothing. Every fighting instinct I’d learned had abandoned me the first time I actually needed it, lost in a wave of panic and shock.
I tried making sense of what was happening. It seemed like hours, years, that I spent turning it over in my mind. In the distance, as I wracked my brains, I heard someone screaming. It was distracting. I needed to concentrate, to figure out how I could get myself out of this situation, how I could get safe. 
Then I realized that I was the one screaming. I didn’t understand. How had it gone so wrong so fast? Only a few seconds ago I was sitting in the back of my limo, achingly close to a hot guy, and now I was in the car with a murderer.
“What…?” I muttered, unable to string together a complete sentence. 
“I told you I killed him,” was all Gideon said, and the next thing I knew, he was through the glass partition and beside Ben in the front seat.
Finally, my senses fully kicked in. I yanked on the door handle in an attempt to escape. Locked. There was no manual unlock button back here in the passenger compartment, either. I could feel my chances of survival dropping drastically with each passing second. 
“Who are you?” I demanded again, as if knowing who he was would help somehow.
“If you’re looking for Satan, you’ve found him.”
Now he was in the back seat, beside me, and I flinched. I had no idea how he was able to move so fast, but then again, if he were really Satan behind that angel face, this wouldn’t be impossible for him at all.
He took my hand. “You look scared. Would you like me to stop the car?” he asked, and then smiled, putting on the charm.
I swear, if it weren’t for the fact that I was on the edge of doom, I might have continued to find him attractive. How messed up is that? I wanted to shout, “What does it look like?” in answer to his question, but I was too focused on getting away from him. The shout died in my throat.
“It’s really too bad,” he said, cupping my chin in his hand. 
I tried to wrench myself away from him, but he held my chin rigid. Deep beneath my skin I could feel my bones turn to ice. Deep beneath my fear I felt a deep loathing for Gideon.
“Tell me how you feel.” He stroked my right cheek with his thumb, almost gently, his grip on my chin never wavering. “Are you scared, Abigail? Are you terrified? Bad for you and good for me, because your fear and pain are what I feed on.”
He pulled my face closer to his, so close that I could count every particular eyelash, and I felt as though he were siphoning energy from my body.
I was rapidly weakening, all my will and strength dwindling to nothing. I couldn’t tell what he was doing to me or why I couldn’t pull away from him, but there was one thing I knew for sure: I was losing my breath, and fast. 
He laughed. “This is fun.” Then he shoved my body against the door. I gasped.
With my eyes brimming with tears, I gulped air into my lungs. The car rushed onward at top speed, driverless, but no one seemed to notice. I couldn’t speak or move. I felt like a stake had been shoved through me. Gideon’s dark eyes pierced me. I wanted to shout, to scream for him to stop, but I felt helpless against his will.
“Abigail Cells.” He leaned forward and gripped my face with his hands again. He smiled beautifully and my breathing became slower. “I am going to kill you.” 
My eyes widened. For all that I could barely move, I told myself that barely was not the same as nothing. I could move just a little. I shifted my head, ever so slightly, and—I bit him. I gripped his thumb in my teeth and set my jaw. That was all I could manage. A second later, there was a deafening crash as we collided with something solid. I’d distracted him. My body flew from the seat and hit the dividing wall that separated the driver from the rear compartment. My head slammed against the roof of the car, causing dark spots to dance in my vision. 
Gideon had regained his composure. He now acted as if nothing had happened. I pushed myself off the limo floor with shaky arms and winced as I gingerly touched the side of my head. Thank goodness: there was no blood. When I glanced out the window, I saw the front end of the car belching thick black smoke. Before I knew it, Gideon was outside the limo, past the smoking hood, standing beneath the tree the limo had crashed into. Flames erupted from beneath the hood. This time when I yanked the door handle, it opened, and I fell to the ground outside. I crawled away from the car, coughing.
“It’s nice out, isn’t it?” he asked.
We were in the middle of nowhere. I didn’t recognize anything. The highway was gone, and all I could see were hundreds upon hundreds of darkened trees. I coughed again and surveyed my surroundings. Taking off my high heels, I stood upright.
“Do you know where we are?” He walked to one of the ghostly trees and leaned against it with his hands clasped together behind his head.
I turned to the limo. Ben.
Gideon approached me. I tried to move away, but as soon as I took a step back, I bumped into something and whirled around, only to meet Gideon’s now deep-gold eyes. I trembled. 
“You know, I’m going to kill you one way or another, right?” His dark, untidy hair fluttered in the breeze, and his dazzling golden eyes turned a molten red.
He was going to kill me? A ‘thank you for the ride’ would have been more preferable. 
“Wait here,” he said, holding his palm toward me. “I’ll be right back.”
Before I could respond he was standing beside the burning limo. I looked around wildly. Run, Abby! I told myself as my hot tears cooled on my cheeks. I sprinted toward the edge of the forest as fast as my legs would carry me. I didn’t know where I was running to, but I knew I needed to get as far away from Gideon as I could.
Of course it would only be a matter of seconds before he caught up to me, but I couldn’t, wouldn’t let that happen. The panic was still rattling in my chest, but it was no longer paralyzing. Now that I could move, I struggled to remember all my training lessons with Logan. 
Twigs snapped beneath my bare feet, and more scratched against my face and my legs as I ran. I didn’t try to protect myself from the raking branches—they were the least of my worries. I stopped for a moment, sucking in air. There was a cold and soulless voice whispering all around me. I turned left and right, and I still couldn’t see what called to me.
I squinted into the darkness. The voice grew louder, and then I saw it. A shadow without a face. I rushed on blindly, crashing into roots and stones. Branches slapped against my arms and face and my fatigued body dripped with blood and sweat. My lungs burned. Suddenly, I stumbled over a tree root and crashed to the ground. 
There’s nowhere to run now, Abigail. I told myself. But I could stay and fight. Logan had taught me that much.
“All right!” I shouted, ignoring how my heart jumped uncontrollably. “I’m not scared of you.” That was a lie. “Where are you?”
I had no weapon to fight Gideon, but I was determined to do whatever I could to survive. If I was going to go down, I was going to go down fighting.
“I’m not afraid!” I lied again, pushing myself off the ground and standing.
My lungs burned from my panicked exertion. My feet throbbed with cuts and blisters. I limped a few steps and then stumbled again. I tried to stand, but this time a sharp pain in my ankle stopped me. Running would obviously be out of the question. I tried to crawl, but my hands were raw and bleeding.
“I’m still not afraid of you,” I said through my tears.
I was about to shout out to Gideon again when I heard footsteps. I thought about giving up, but realized I didn’t want to die in the middle of nowhere, where I’d never be found. I lay still, trying to keep from giving away my position by rustling the dry leaves. Beads of blood oozed from the scrapes and scratches on my skin. I pressed myself flat on the hard soil, unmoving, tears running down my face. 
“Don’t ever entertain strangers, Abigail,” I heard my father’s voice say in my head. I wished I’d listened to him. 
I felt movement around me. Not heard. Felt. Someone was coming toward me, closer and closer, step by step. I inched myself around and there he was, standing in front of me as if he had been there the whole time. Without warning, my body flew into the air and then slammed onto the ground. How? He wasn’t close enough to touch me. Pain raced through my limbs. I groaned, but I scrambled to my feet all the same.
Gideon approached me. “You’re a brave one, aren’t you?” He sounded impressed, despite himself.
I struggled to catch my breath.
“Still not scared of me?” he asked. “You really should be.”
Before I knew it, Gideon was lifting me bodily into the air, his right hand clenched under my lower jaw. He choked me, and his blood-red eyes grew brighter as he fed on my pain. I fought uselessly. I folded my fingers around his hand, trying to break his grip on my throat, but I had no strength left to stop him.
“Let me make it easier on you.” He threw me into a tree, and I felt my spine give way, destroyed, as it bashed against the trunk. I cried in agony as my broken body crumpled to the ground.
I fought to regain my breath. I turned my eyes back to him, and as I watched, his hands began to glow with red-hot fire. Curious. I should be frightened, and I suppose that I was, but mainly, I was curious. Glowing. His hands were glowing. What now? And then I knew what now: he rolled his hands together, as though he were crumpling a newspaper, and a ball of red flames formed between them. Larger and larger it grew, and then, without warning, he hurled the ball of flames right at me. I could not raise my hands to defend myself, could not even roll out of the way. I cried out as I saw my own refection in the flames, and then—
I died.






















PARANORMAL STRANGER

Abigail!” my mother called, jolting me from my sleep.
As I regained consciousness, I felt aches and stiffness all throughout my body, the bruises from last night’s training. It had been a dream. The party. Gideon. All of it.
I opened my eyes, wheezing and sweating on my bed, my heart still racing. Had I been…burnt to ashes? 
I was finally able to exhale as I realized I was safe in my room. My bed sheets were damp with sweat. More than damp. Holy cow, they looked like I’d turned a hose on them. For a second, I ignored the worried look on my mother’s face, but then I fought down my panic, hoping to keep her from being alarmed. I moved my hand to my head, feeling the lingering pain caused by the limo’s wreck. A sense of urgency and danger still twanged along my nerves. 
I tried to remember what had happened in the dream, but the more I grasped at the remnants, the faster it faded.
“Bad dream?” my mother asked, her voice cracked with concern.
I nodded. “I think so. I don’t really remember what it was about.” Was I still dreaming? When I looked outside my window, the sun was pearly gray with early morning light. “What time is it?” I asked, remembering school.
Last night when we’d got home, I’d gone straight to bed.
“Time to get up for school or you’d be late,” she answered. “Your father left, hon. He wanted to say goodbye but you were asleep, and he didn’t want to wake you.”
So my morning wasn’t starting off so well. A nightmare I didn’t remember about someone named Gideon, and my father leaving without saying goodbye? Top all that off with blooming bruises from last night’s training and I might just declare this the worst day ever.

“I’LL SEE YOU guys after school,” I told my bodyguards, Ben and Felix. “I can handle it from here.” I took my schoolbag from Ben and the two of them went on their way, giving me a chance to breathe again.
Sometimes I didn’t understand why my bodyguards bothered to follow me everywhere, considering I wore a wristwatch that doubled as a tracking device. I rubbed the sleep from my eyes and counted the seconds until my friends arrived.
Lucky for me, it didn’t take long.
“What’s up, people?” Jake asked as he entered the classroom. Danny and Tristan followed close behind him. 
Tristan was the new guy as of last month, and Jake and Danny had befriended him, so he’d become part of our group. He was also the guy that Sarah insisted was going to be my boyfriend. He and I had gone sightseeing twice now, and Sarah refused to believe a sightseeing trip was not a date. 
I tried to convince her that we’d shared two awkward conversations and one cappuccino (and I didn’t so much share the cappuccino with him as spill it on him out of sheer nervousness), but she would not be moved. Being awkward and nervous around him meant I liked him, she said, and deep down, I knew she wasn’t completely wrong. All the same, I knew she wasn’t completely right, either. He was friendly, but I couldn’t imagine him being, um, boyfriendly. For one thing, I thought he was out of my league. 
The first time Tristan had walked into our classroom he’d set the pulse of every girl fluttering. He looked like a fairy tale hero. Handsome truly wasn’t a sufficient description. It didn’t even come close. 
The guys walked over and settled in. “Good morning, Abby,” Tristan said, sitting beside me. Danny and Jake took their seats in front of us. 
“Morning,” I mouthed. 
Jake put his skateboard on the floor and tossed his school bag beside him. When I looked back over at Tristan, our eyes met. He smiled at me, showcasing yet another indescribable feature, his perfectly brilliant teeth. 
No one should be that handsome. 
His presence often left me tongue-tied, but Tristan was laid back and calming for all that. It was impossible not to feel at ease around him, once you got used to those dashing good looks. 
“How was your weekend Abby?” When Tristan talked to me I usually acted as though I hadn’t heard him, because whenever I tried to respond I said something that embarrassed me. He kept trying all the same. I decided last week to always say three words to him at a time. None would be rude, and it would be hard to trip myself up in just three.
I tugged at my sleeves self-consciously, trying to hide the weekend’s bruises. My body still looked, and felt, pretty rough after my last training session with my father. 
“It was amazing.” I answered. No need for any details. See? Three words. It worked.
Pointing at my wristwatch, Tristan asked, “Can I see that?”
I stretched my hand toward him. The moment his hand touched my wrist, the pain disappeared. My entire body stopped aching. I pulled my arm away from him and pushed up my sleeve. To my surprise, the bruises had gone. 
What the hell…? I looked at Tristan, and then back at my arm. 
“I had… ” I stopped as I realized I couldn’t remember what I wanted to say. Something about my arm. I didn’t even know why I was staring at it. I hastily pulled down my sleeve, not really sure why I had shoved it up in the first place.
Tristan looked concerned. “Everything all right, Abigail?” 
“Yeah. I mean, no. I mean, I need to pee,” I blurted. I quickly put my hand over my mouth just as my friends and Tristan broke into laughter. “I meant… yes, I’m all right.”
Great. So much for three words at a time! I stood and rushed to the door, avoiding eye contact with everyone as I hurried through the classroom. 
Hurry up, Abby, I told myself. I hoped that by the time I got back, Tristan would have moved to another country. 
OK I like Tristan. If only liking someone didn’t make me act like a complete moron. Since it did, I would have to take a lot of bathroom breaks.
I really should have looked before bursting out into the hallway. Klutz that I am, I slammed right into someone. I didn’t apologize at first. Instead I kept my head down to hide my embarrassment. Looking down, all I could see of the student I’d bumped into was his boots. His heavy black boots. Very familiar black boots. I quickly glanced up at the boy’s face, and my blood turned to ice water.
“Gideon.” The flickering memory of my nightmare came rushing back all at once.
Everything stopped. Even my heart.
I remembered almost everything, in the disconnected jumble that dreams take on when examined in the light of day. The stranger from my nightmare in black boots and scruffy black hair. I remembered him introducing himself, Gideon, asking for a ride, and then chasing me in the forest—and I remembered him killing me. His face wouldn’t come back to me clearly, but his name, and his air of danger, did.
“Excuse me,” the student said, and I immediately pulled away from him a few steps. 
I was shaking, but managed to stammer an apology. “I am so… so sorry.”
“Yeah, whatever. Wait: do I know you?” he asked.
Now that I looked at him, this boy seemed just as perfect, and just as inhuman in his way, as Tristan. From his dark plaid shirt, to his exquisitely sculpted features, everything about him looked unnatural. Beautiful, but deeply unsettling in a way Tristan was not. Tristan’s attractiveness was heavenly. This boy’s was just unearthly. I wanted to get away from him, and I wanted to do it as soon as possible.
“No. No, you don’t,” I answered awkwardly, and hurried past him down the hall. 
When I had turned a corner and was out of sight I finally slowed down a bit. The world around me spun in circles. The faces in the hall dissolved, becoming unfocused images. 
I might have kept on walking if Sarah hadn’t spotted me and pulled me back to reality. She sidled up beside me just as the morning bell rang.
“Where are you off to? Aren’t you, scratch that, aren’t we supposed to be in history?” 
“I was just… headed for the ladies’ room.” I wanted to tell her about my nightmare, but I didn’t want her to make fun of me for getting spooked over a bad dream.
“So was I. I want to touch up my eyeliner. It takes work to be this gorgeous all the time, you know.” Soon we were standing next to one another in front of the mirror. Sarah vaguely looked as though she were doing something with her makeup, but she was perfect when she started and perfect again when she’d finished. I had no idea what she’d done. “I can’t wait for tonight,” she said, tucking a compact into her bag. “The concert is going to be awesome.” 
“What concert?” 
Her brow furrowed. “You forgot? You bought the tickets!” 
I had forgotten all about it. We’d made plans last month to go see one of our favorite bands when their tour brought them to San Francisco. They were playing to a sold-out crowd at the War Memorial Opera House. I gave her an apologetic look.
“You are coming. Jake and I have a plan to sneak you out of your house.” 
She had me at sneak. “Of course I’m going. Especially if you can actually sneak me out.”
We headed back to the classroom and took our seats. I shared a smile and a shrug with Tristan as I sat down, and then we turned our attention to Mr. Bernard, our history and English literature teacher, who was clapping for silence. 
“I’m going to divide you into groups for the Titanic memorabilia speech. Remember, this project is worth fifteen percent of your grade.” I could use that, since I’d missed a test last month having an arm I’d injured during training x-rayed.
“Mr. Silas, you and Miss Cells will be group four.” And there went my grade. Tristan was smart and all, but I couldn’t talk to the guy without making a fool out of myself. How was I supposed to work with him?
Tristan gave me a quick high five, and his enthusiasm caused me to forget that I hadn’t wanted to work with him.
“Miss Tate, you and Mr. Duran are—” Mr. Bernard was interrupted by the sound of the door as it burst open. Everyone looked toward the noise.
Standing in the doorway was the student I’d bumped into. My heart dropped. I prayed he was lost and wasn’t in our class, though I didn’t quite understand my uneasiness at seeing him. He did give me bad vibes, but on the other hand, he was totally hot. That should work in his favor, no?
“You must be Mr. Chase,” Mr. Bernard said, and the boy walked in, letting the door close behind him.
“I am.” The mysterious Mr. Chase looked around the classroom, and his gaze stopped on Tristan. 
To my surprise, Tristan looked like he knew the boy. He nodded and gave him a half-hearted smile.
“Nice to meet you, young man. You’re late.” Leave it to Mr. Bernard to not give the new kid a break.
“I was actually here before the bell rang.” He tipped his head toward me. “Miss Cells can vouch for me.” I wondered how he knew my name, but then I remembered I was known pretty much everywhere—the price of being famous. “She bumped into me and ran off.”
Someone please shoot me now. A few people chuckled, tight, nervous laughter. Jake cast a backward glance at me and grinned.
“You’re excused this time, Mr. Chase. Find a seat. I’ll assign you to a group.”
Danny raised a hand to volunteer. “Mr. Chase can join Jake and me.” I wasn’t surprised. The new kid looked like trouble, and trouble was what he and Jake did best.
“It’s Gideon,” the boy said. “Gideon Chase.”
At the sound of his name I blurted out “what?” And then all eyes turned to me. I hadn’t realized I’d said it out loud.
Gideon? His name was actually Gideon? Why Gideon?
My outburst had obviously startled Mr. Bernard. “Miss Cells, is there a problem?” he asked. Gideon stood beside him, confused, but the moment his eyes met mine, he smiled as if he knew why I was scared.
“I—I’m sorry. I didn’t—” I looked down in humiliation.
Maybe it was just a coincidence. This guy couldn’t be the same Gideon from my nightmare.
“Well, then,” Mr. Bernard continued. “Take a seat, Mr. Chase.” 
Gideon walked over to join Jake and Danny and paused beside my table. My heart took a violent leap as he bent down and whispered into my ear, “Breathe,” which of course left me completely breathless. 
My first impression of Gideon was that he was dangerous.
My second impression of him was that he was hot.
My third impression of him was that he was a murderer, because if the rest of my nightmare proved to be as true as my recollection of his name had been, he was going to kill me. 




















WARNING BELLS

He’s going to kill you Abby.
No he’s not! Look at him. He looks completely normal… well, except for the unearthly beauty and the coldness in his eyes.
OK, so maybe he was going to kill me.
Even though I didn’t want to admit it to myself, Gideon’s presence had me rattled. Could he really be the killer from my nightmare? I tried to shake off my unease. After all, what were the chances that the new guy was going to ask me for directions and then immediately decide to kill me? Pretty slim, I’d imagine. Slim enough that I should stop worrying about it.
I stole another glance at him. Mysterious, good-looking guys weren’t all killers, right? Of course not. 
The bell rang signaling the end of history class, and I had five minutes to get ready for my next lesson, English literature, which was also with Mr. Bernard. Those who had other classes this period gathered their books and left, while a few new students filed in. I couldn’t concentrate when Mr. Bernard started teaching again. 
I wanted to turn and see if Gideon was staring at me, but I decided against it. I’d decided to avoid him. Forever.
Eventually, the bell rang for lunch. Most of the students rushed out like a pride of hungry lions.
“Doreen, baby,” Jake cooed to a freckled brunette, trying to sound smooth and worldly, “walk with me.” He wrapped his arm around Doreen’s waist. 
“Ewww!” Doreen pushed Jake away, glaring at him. “Don’t ever touch me again!” She walked briskly away.
Jake watched her go with wide puppy dog eyes. “She so wants me.”
We laughed. Out of all the girls in school that he could have had a crush on, he had fallen for Doreen, who didn’t even want to breathe the same air as he did.
“Yeah, in your dreams,” Danny teased. 
“Well, yes, actually,” Jake said without missing a beat.  “Every single one of them.”
Tristan turned his attention back to me. “Aren’t you coming?”
“No… um, just go on ahead. I’ll join you later.” I cleared my throat and looked down, careful not to say anything else and push my luck, since that was the most comprehensible sentence I had said to him all day. 
Jake’s voice made me snap to attention. “Yo, Gideon, care to join us?” Oh, Jake. I loved my friends, but their overwhelming desire to make every new student feel welcome wasn’t sitting well with me today. 
“Later. I have to take care of something.” Thank God. He could go take care of whatever he had to take care of, and if I were lucky he wouldn’t come back. 
“We’ll save you guys a chair,” Jake said to Gideon and me, and then walked out with Danny. Tristan looked a little hesitant, and he glanced from me to Gideon before he walked out as well, leaving me with Sarah.
Sarah had her I’m-in-love expression on her face, so I asked “What?” The last time she’d looked like that, she was crushing on one of my mother’s models, and I’d got stuck playing Cupid.
“Gideon is burning up the place.” She nodded in Gideon’s direction, fanning her face. “Can I have a piece of that? I want a piece of that.”
I laughed. “Aren’t you crushing on Caleb?”
“Caleb who?”
I pushed her playfully away from me. “Have you no shame?”
“None at all. Oh, lighten up, Abby. Don’t tell me you don’t think he’s hot. I know you and Tristan have this thing going on, but still, look at him.”
He was hot all right, and I would have happily joined Sarah in her fantasizing, if it weren’t for the little fact that part of me was somehow certain Gideon was there to kill me.
“Tristan and I have nothing going on,” I answered, and Sarah would have believed me if my voice didn’t sound a little bit overjoyed at the thought.
“Don’t sound too happy.” Sarah gave me her ‘I know you’ look. “I’ll go and put in a good word for you. You’re welcome.” And then, without waiting to hear what I thought of her generosity, she rushed out, laughing at me.
Sarah was like a dog with a bone, and so I knew nothing I’d say from this point on would cause her to butt out.
Across the room I overheard Doreen asking Gideon, “So, do you want a tour of the school?”
Gideon did not appear to be impressed. “Who’s asking?” I watched them out of the corner of my eye.
“Well… ” Doreen leaned on Gideon’s desk, facing him. “I am,” she said, and I could only guess why she was in that position.
“Well, I am,” Gideon echoed her in a nasal, sarcastic tone. I almost snorted. “I’m good. There was a map in the student brochure.”
Doreen stood up, reached into her left bra cup, and pulled out a card “Just the same, call me if you change your mind. I’ll be waiting.”
Gideon took the card, holding it gingerly between his thumb and index finger. “I wouldn’t hold my breath if I were you,” he placed the card on the table. 
“Don’t count on it,” Doreen said in her sexy voice—the one I’d heard her use whenever she wanted something from someone. “I’ll see you around.”
“I hope not.”
Although I couldn’t see Doreen’s expression, I was sure she was surprised and maybe a little embarrassed by Gideon’s refusal.
“They always come around.” Doreen sniffed, and walked out the door.
I turned away from him then. “What a jerk,” I mumbled under my breath as I collected my things. That was no way talk to someone who wanted to help you, even if that person’s intentions weren’t exactly innocent.
“Now, Miss Cells, that’s a bit judgmental, don’t you think?”
I jumped at the sound of Gideon’s voice. I didn’t know when he got there, but Gideon now stood directly beside me. I had been a good four seats away from him. Breathe in, I told myself, breathe out—I thought I might collapse. Maybe if I closed my eyes and prayed really hard, a meteor would crash into Earth. Yes, widespread destruction wrought by an interstellar death rock sounded to me like the best-case scenario, given my current situation. 
“Do you have a problem with your eyes?” he asked, and then without warning, he sat down beside me.
“Excuse me?” 
“It seems, Miss Cells, that you have a hearing problem, too,” he took my history book from the table.
I was going to apologize for calling him a jerk, but now? He could just forget it. “I don’t have a hearing problem, and there’s nothing wrong with my eyes.” 
“Are you sure?” he asked. “You did run into me.” He opened my book and started flipping lazily through the pages.
I had no idea how I’d gone from wanting him to disappear to talking with him. Now I wished I had only thought he was a jerk rather than saying it out loud. “I was going—” I decided to leave the pee thing out of it.
“On second thought, don’t tell me,” he cut me off, his eyes focusing on the pages of the history book.
I snatched my book away from him and I stood. “You don’t have to be rude.” I didn’t want to go and risk facing the crowds, but if it meant I’d be away from Gideon, I’d take it. 
He stood, too. “I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just that I’m not—”
“Not used to thinking before you speak?” I finished for him, feeling a surge of confidence.
He gave me a sheepish look. “No, I was going to say ‘not used to human conversations’.” 
“Human conversations?” What the hell was that supposed to mean? 
As I shoved my books and my laptop into my bag, he leaned in toward me. “So, where are you taking me?” he asked, a cocky smile playing on his lips. “I figure since you practically ran me over, you owe me a tour.” He grabbed one of my notebooks and dangled it in front of me, just out of reach.
The nerve of this guy! He was crazy if he thought I’d be giving him a tour. “I’m pretty sure I heard Doreen offering to take you.” 
“Eavesdropping doesn’t suit you, Miss Cells.” He handed me my notebook. 
“Abigail,” I snapped. “And I wasn’t…” Suddenly I couldn’t breathe because he’d stepped closer toward me.
“Abigail.” The sound of him speaking my name was bewitching. On his lips my boring everyday name seemed intimate and special. I wasn’t trying to get away from him anymore. I don’t think I could move at all. “Breathe,” he whispered, and then he proceeded to tuck a loose strand of my hair behind my ear.
Come back to Earth, Abigail! 
“I… I can’t take you on a tour.” I turned away from him and untucked my hair in an attempt to hide my face. I glanced up hopefully at Mr. Bernard, but he was lost in a book, and wasn’t paying us any attention.
“Why not, Abigail?”
I zipped my bag. “Because,” I hissed, shaking off my sudden shivers, “I’m trying to avoid going out into the crowds, and because you’re…” A stranger? A jerk? Scary? All of the above? 
“That doesn’t sound like much of a reason.” Even though I was kind of annoyed with him, I wasn’t completely immune to his charm. “Come on,” he insisted, “it won’t take long.”
My no wasn’t coming across as strongly as I wanted it to. “I just… ” I just can’t because you freak me out. “Well, I’d like to give you a tour, but frankly, you’re kind of a jerk.”
He sat on the edge of the table. “Heard that this morning.”
“And arrogant.”
“My middle name.” He smirked, making my knees wobble.
“Are you a serial killer?” I asked without thinking. His smile quickly disappeared before returning with less enthusiasm.
“Miss Cells, do you always open conversations like this? That’s an odd question. But no, I’m not.” 
Well, at least he hadn’t said yes.
I dusted myself off just for something to do and slowly shrugged on my jacket. I didn’t know what else to do to fill the silence, so I grabbed my bag and started to walk away.
He called after me, “I know you think I’m a jerk. I wasn’t trying to be. Jake seems like a really nice guy, and I didn’t want to ruin any chance of becoming friends with him. I could tell he liked that girl. That’s why I had to decline her invitation.”
OK, so maybe I had misjudged him. Maybe that explained why he’d been rude to Doreen, but it still didn’t explain why he’d been rude to me. “I have to go,” I said firmly. 
“Miss Cells?” he called again. “You forgot this one.” He pointed at one of my books, which was still lying on the table. “That vision problem I was talking about.” He tipped his head to the side. He was being a jerk again, but he was a handsome jerk.
“The jerk thing I was talking about,” I smirked and walked back to him. I snatched the book away from him when I reached him. I turned back around to head out. 
“I think the word you are looking for here is ‘thank you’,” Gideon called after me.
I didn’t even bother to stop and acknowledge him. The nerve of the guy!
I finally made it out of the classroom. The moment I hit the fresh air I swallowed a large gulp of it, not remembering at what point I had started holding my breath.
I knew at that moment it was going to be a very long day.










LAIR, LAIR
Tristan

I was an awful person. Er, angel. A really, really awful angel.
I was the most awful angel in this cafeteria, and that was saying something, because Gideon was sitting right across from me.
Gideon was being, for Gideon, nice. He wasn’t throwing fireballs or insults at me. He’d even asked me if I wanted some of his food. Of course I said no, because knowing him they were probably poisoned, but it had been a nice gesture. Seeing him here, laughing and smiling with my new friends, I could almost believe he wasn’t a murderous horror. 
Almost.
Today was the day.  Today was the day my life went up in flames.
Today was the start of my new life, the one that I’d neither asked for nor wanted. Today was the day that was likely going to define me forever. What would happen today might very well be what my legacy would be built upon. Today, I’d learn how to dig my grave, and if I were lucky I’d push myself into it.
This was the end, the ending of the first chance I never got to have, and this was a beginning, the beginning of the second chance I didn’t ask for. Today was my moment to leave a mark. Also, it was a Monday.
Given time, I could completely run out of breath just listing the ways that today was going to be momentous. 
“Hollywood, huh?” Jake was asking Gideon, his mouth full of food.
Gideon told them he had transferred from Pacific Hills, in Hollywood, because his father, a surgeon, had taken a position at the Cardiac Care Center at John Muir. He told the lie with such a straight face that even I believed it.
“Do all the guys in Hollywood look like you?” Sarah asked. She sat beside Gideon, and she hadn’t looked away from him at all, not even to touch her food.
“I’m pretty sure they have lots of jerks in Hollywood,” Abigail muttered under her breath. Sarah didn’t appear to have heard her, but Gideon certainly had.
Gideon couldn’t let something like that go. “Speak up Miss Cells. We can’t hear you.”
“Abigail,” Abigail looked up at him. “My name is Abigail.”
Danny and Jake pulled exaggerated versions of Abigail’s serious facial expression and laughed. I didn’t.
I knew why she was being so cold toward Gideon. It was my fault. I was the reason she felt the need to push him away. 
I had planted a nightmare in her head. Invading her mind like that was intrusive and completely unethical, but I’d thought that the best way to protect her from Gideon was to make her afraid of him, make her want to avoid him. I was willing to frighten her with an imagined danger to protect her from a real one. 
I’d stood by her bedside and watched as her dream-self had burnt to ashes. I hadn’t comforted her when she’d screamed. I hadn’t caught her when she came plunging to her doom, because, in truth, at that moment I was her doom. I’d wanted her scared, wanted her to be haunted by her nightmare. She was. But so was I.
“So, Miss Ce-e-e-ells” Gideon stretched out the name to make sure that Abigail understood he was going to keep calling her Miss Cells specifically because she didn’t like it. “I’ve noticed that you have to do your share of dodging the paparazzi. Are you also from Hollywood?”
“Oh, no one’s staring at her today. Today all eyes are on you. You’re the new obsession.” Danny answered before Abigail could. 
Jake nodded in agreement. “Especially with the girls. Notice how all the girls look from Tristan to you?” We all turned to see if what he’d said was accurate. It was. “I wouldn’t be surprised if you opened your locker and found some digits. Tristan gets them every day.”
“He always gives them to Danny and Jake.” Sarah finally came back to her senses and joined the conversation. “So, are you going to use them if you get any?”
Beside me, Abigail picked up her glass of spring water, abandoning her food.
“Well, I could use a number or four.” Jake and Danny cheered him on. “Would you be putting your number in my locker, Miss Cells?”
Abigail almost choked on her water when she heard this. She knocked the glass off the edge of the table and, to the surprise of her friends, who knew nothing of her nightly training, she caught it deftly before it hit the floor. Not a drop spilled. In spite of himself, Gideon was impressed. He was trying hard not to show it.
I had grabbed a napkin for her, but I set it aside. It wasn’t needed.
“Definitely not!” Abigail grumbled, not even realizing that she had just demonstrated the lightning reflexes of a tiger. She took another sip from her glass. The nightmare I’d given her had worked. It was only lunchtime, and Abigail already hated Gideon. 
“Hmmm.” Gideon picked up one of Sarah’s french fries. “I’ll take that as a challenge,” he said, and popped the fry into his mouth.
When I next looked over at Abigail, I was surprised to see that she was blushing. Crap. I thought she was repulsed by him! Obviously things were a little more complicated than easy, straightforward hate. 
“Don’t bother, Gideon,” Sarah said, slapping his hands away from her plate. “I think Abby has something going on with Tristan.”
Abigail quickly looked away, leaving me to face Gideon, who had his ‘Are you serious?’ look on his face.
“What? Abigail’s like a sister to me,” I said, looking everywhere but at Abigail, because somehow I was sure if I did, she’d notice I was lying.
 “Tough luck, then. I have a sister. That’s a harsh assessment,” Gideon said.
And part of me agreed with him. It did seem a little harsh. Abby seemed to think so, too, which bothered me. Damn, it shouldn’t. I’m her guardian, not her boyfriend. But it did bother me. Just a lot little.
































RAPUNZEL, RAPUNZEL
Gideon

“Better to reign in Hell
than serve in Heaven”
John Milton


 See you tomorrow Miss Cells,” I shouted after Abigail as she walked out of the classroom with her friends.
The smile she gave me in response was clearly fake. She obviously didn’t want to see me tomorrow. I didn’t quite understand why she was so uncomfortable with me when we had only just met. She didn’t seem merely annoyed at my sarcasm, she seemed deeply uneasy. On the other hand, whatever the reason for this human’s discomfort might be I didn’t care to ask, because when I’d left home this morning, I’d made a bet with Valoel that I’d kill her before the day was over.
After Abigail and her friends had gone, only Tristan and I were left in the classroom. 
“Why does your human seem to hate me?” I asked him. I was curious.
“I don’t know. Maybe it’s the whole ‘annoying charm’ thing you’ve got going on.” Smart ass.
“Charming? You think I’m charming? Yeez, thanks! Though you shouldn’t get your hopes up. You’re not my type.” There. Two can play this game.
Not wanting to deal with him any longer I pulled a new phone from my pocket and concentrated on trying to work it; I had to have one in order to fit in. 
“How’s that coming along? It took me forever to get the hang of mine. The touch screen doesn’t pick up our, you know, angels’, fingers very well.” He walked over to where I sat, and the confused look in his eyes was gone.
What was wrong with this guy? “That’s great info, but I didn’t ask for it.” His open, honest, trusting face had never looked more punchable.
I went back to poking at the phone, but he was right: half the time the screen didn’t respond to my poking at all. 
“You know I’m not going to give you a chance to hurt the girl, right?”
Finally. I thought he was never going to bring her up. “I don’t think you’ll be able to stop me, sir. We’ll see.” I propped my feet casually on my desk. 
“Please don’t hurt Abigail, not just to hurt me, or to prove something to Daligo. Come at me directly, if you like, but leave the human out of it. She’s nothing to you.”
“She’s nothing to me, all right.”
After that, I tuned him out.
Nothing to me? Even less. Abigail struck me as brainless and irritating. Literally struck me. She’d barreled straight into me, after all. I couldn’t figure out how she’d known my name before I’d even introduced myself, but none of that mattered, since she’d be dead soon.
“… I know the Elders thought I’d be a challenge for you, but you don’t have to be here just because of what they think.”
Was he kidding me? He thought he was a challenge? “Don’t flatter yourself, Highness. I’m here because I want to be.” 
I didn’t stick around to hear the rest of his boring little speech. I transported myself to the courtyard in front of the school and, invisible, watched Tristan’s human and her friends. Letting myself be invisible at long last was a bit of relief. Trying to manifest a physical form all the time, one that could be sensed by human beings (and smart phones) took a tremendous effort. I relaxed into it.
Abigail was still in the parking lot, waving to Sarah from the back of a chauffer-driven Mercedes S600. The car, and its passenger, drew a few envious looks even from the pampered student body here. The adoration she received was ridiculous. Before the Mercedes had left the lot Tristan appeared beside me, and we flew invisibly behind it as it pulled away.
To my surprise, my day was going kind of great. Annoying Abigail throughout the day had kept the boredom at bay.
Traffic was light, and after a half-hour or so the Mercedes was nearing the tip of Belvedere Island, pulling through the automatic gate in the security fence surrounding a mansion and its outbuildings. The driveway was shaded from the California sun by mature trees. Locust trees? Sour gum? Tristan would probably know, the little snot. A clay tennis court and a lap pool nestled alongside the guesthouse on our right.
The chauffeur came to a stop and Abigail stepped out. “Thanks for the ride.” She waved, and headed toward one of the two stone stairways that led to the portico. 
Tristan and I followed her as she made her way into the house. The four-story foyer rang with the sound of her steps on the marble floors, and made me wonder what it must be like to be human and to have weight and presence all the time. It was a beautiful space, with its columns and its stained-glass skylight, but it was also somehow cold, all stone and iron and bright glass. 
One of the bodyguards poked his head through the door. “Call us if you need anything, Abby,” he said, and Abigail nodded. She headed up the steps to the first mezzanine and turned into the formal dining room. 
She set her bag down in front of the green marble fireplace and slipped off her shoes. This room had exposed beams and hardwood floors almost as shiny as the marble ones below. On the table and mantelpiece were absurd spiky floral arrangements. Oh, great. Artistic types must live here. 
Abigail scooped up her shoes and her school things and continued on into the kitchen, where she was greeted by a woman with dark hair and a sunny face. “Hi, Morgan,” she said, heading toward a chair next to the kitchen island.
“How was school, honey?” Morgan wiped her hands on her red-and-white checked apron. 
“It wasn’t bad.” She made her way to a chair.
Abigail looked in the direction of the kitchen window, with its view of the bay. She seemed lost in thought, because she didn’t even notice when Morgan placed a sizeable bowl of ice cream in front on her.
“I made your favorite—strawberry-vanilla swirl,” she said, bringing Abigail’s attention to the ice cream.
Abigail ate three spoonfuls without looking at it. Morgan noticed her distraction and tried to draw her out. “The library called,” she said, untying her apron strings. “They can’t wait to have you read for the children on Wednesday.” Suddenly, Abby’s face lit up.
“I can’t wait, either.” She ate another spoonful of ice cream. “I ordered some new books to donate. With luck, they should be here tomorrow.”
What a waste of space she was.
Abigail’s phone beeped, and she grabbed it, glancing at the screen. As she read through the new text message, her face clouded. I looked over her shoulder to read the message myself.
411!!!! It’s on. 2nite. Concert at 8:00 XD.
 C ya soon. Kiss, UR BFF Sarah *w*
“Hmm, thanks for the ice cream, Morgan,” Abigail said, putting her dish in the sink. “I really should go up and get started on my homework.” She was already hurrying out of the kitchen.
Tristan and I followed her up another floor and into her bedroom.
Room wasn’t quite the right word. Abigail had more of a suite, with a small sitting area in front of yet another fireplace (I would later learn the house had four. Four.) One open door led to her walk-in closet, and another to her bathroom. A pair of french doors led to a balcony that overlooked the garden and also afforded a view of the water. She opened these French doors to let in the breeze, and headed into the bathroom for a shower.
Tristan walked out of the bedroom and onto the balcony. I decided to pass the time pretending I didn’t notice Tristan’s presence at all. 
Angels are supposed to give humans privacy when they’re having private moments. This means that whenever they’re undressed, we tend to give them their space. Tristan respected this show of propriety. Since I had only come to Earth to kill this human, respecting her modesty wasn’t my problem. I looked through her books and the papers on her desk as she finished bathing and wandered (in nothing but a towel) across to her closet. Tristan occasionally gave me a dirty look through the balcony windows. 
“Where is it?” came a shout from the closet. Wait, was she talking to us? Did she know we were here? Tristan and I were through the closet door like a shot. False alarm: she was merely talking to herself as she carelessly threw her clothes around, trying to decide what to wear. She was already dressed in a black tank top and a simple pair of skinny jeans when we entered. “There you are!” she said, pulling a band T-shirt out of the mess. As she put the shirt on she dialed Sarah, who told her they were coming to get her soon, and that operation “Sneak Abigail Out” was in action.
After Abigail ended the call she took her watch from the edge of the bathroom sink and put it under her pillow. She then started arranging the pillows on her bed to make it look as though she were sleeping in it. She smoothed the blankets one last time and went out on her balcony. 
After making sure none of the security personnel were in sight, she sat on the stone railing, dangling her legs over, waiting for a signal from her friends. I saw this as an opportunity.
I smiled, and without looking at Tristan, I walked up behind Abigail. I concentrated on having weight, on having a physical presence, and I shoved her, hard, from the balcony railing.
She screamed as she fell.











HELL ON WHEELS

It took Tristan barely a second to realize what I had done. He zoomed past me as Abigail’s scream rang out. 
Strength filled me. I knew Tristan wouldn’t be able to catch her without having to draw attention to himself, and, by extension, to all the host of angels. He wouldn’t dare, so nothing could go wrong. 
One moment, Abigail was seconds from hitting the ground, but the next thing I knew, she had landed perfectly on her feet.
What the hell?
Abigail took a second to catch her breath, and then she scanned the balcony, took her phone out of her pocket, and pressed it to her ear.
She walked around the corner of the house as she barked into the phone. “Logan, I want a full sweep of Cells mansion.” She kept glancing over her shoulder as if looking for someone. “What? No, I don’t see Felix. Where are you? Well then, please make the time. This is important.” Abigail slid her phone back into her pocket, grumbling.
I didn’t understand why she wasn’t dead. Daligo hadn’t told me Abigail was going to be hard to kill. Had I been tricked into this? 
Tristan was now on the grass behind Abigail. He reached out to touch her hair, planning to magically calm her and heal whatever injuries she’d suffered in the fall, but she didn’t need him. He drew his hand back. Looks like Golden Boy was surprised by this human as well.
Abigail looked around her once more before she silently made the long walk toward the front gate. She slipped through the bars of the gate unnoticed by the night watchman, who was noisily cheering a football game on the television in the gatehouse.
An old Toyota was waiting less than half a block from the gate, where Blanding Lane teed into Belvedere, and pulled up to her the moment she stepped into view. Her friends were inside, all wearing the same matching T-shirts. 
Abigail climbed into the car. 
“How did you get out without your bodyguards?” Sarah asked.
Jake was already driving away slowly, leaving nothing but the soft echo of the car’s engine.
“I snuck out after telling everyone I was attacking a mountain of homework and tip-toed through the front gate,” she lied. 
Tristan flew alongside Jake’s car, and I flew behind it. 
The city of Marin felt alive. The streetlights were lit, as were store windows, and the buildings were darkened silhouettes with a scattering of glowing office windows. The lights all seemed decorative in the fading glow of evening rather than practical, arranged for beauty rather than commerce. People walking their dogs on the Mill Valley-Sausolito Path took their time, strolling and enjoying the salt air. The feeling inside the car was one of excitement and anticipation. “This concert is going to be epic,” Danny assured everyone. 
Jake pulled onto Lombard, headed for Van Ness. The ride was a short one, so everyone expected to be safely inside the concert hall before anyone even noticed Abby was gone. 
Sarah squealed, something about hoping she would get an autograph after the show. I expected that she would be disappointed.
“It’s a shame Tristan couldn’t get a ticket,” Jake said, glancing up from the road for a moment. “We’ll have to bring him back a shirt and some pictures.” 
Sarah turned to Abigail “Speaking of beautiful boys who aren’t with us at the moment, I’ve been meaning to ask you—why were you so weird with Gideon?” 
“I wasn’t,” Abigail insisted. “I’ve had a rough day, that’s all.” 
A rough day? That was her excuse? I should show her a rough day. Maybe I should—Hold on: why did this even bother me? I needed to calm down, get myself back on track.
I needed to kill something.
Abigail and her friends chattered happily, their joy and excitement making me weaker and Tristan stronger. 
Soon the car came to a stop at the traffic light at Webster. 
Tristan wasn’t just feeding on his friends’ joy, he was sharing in it. Fool. It distracted him. I scanned the area around the intersection and saw a white Range Rover heading in the opposite direction, stopped in front of Spanish-inspired stucco building to our right. The driver inside looked bored. 
Arise, all evil, I whispered to myself as I eyed the Range Rover. I pulled the vehicle with my mind, moving it out into traffic.
The driver grabbed hold of the steering wheel and tried to pump the brakes, shouting as he crossed three lanes and then the divider, smashing into vehicles, heading toward Jake’s Toyota. I glanced over my shoulder just in time to see Abigail and her friends realize the danger they were in. I heard their screams. I smiled to see the panic in their faces. The power of their fear flowed into me.
Tristan waved his hand, and the Range Rover stopped just before it could ram the next car out of its way. The driver pulled the keys from the ignition and hopped out of the driver’s seat to approach the cars he’d hit. An angry knot of people gathered near the intersection, exchanging shouts and insurance information.
I turned to the Range Rover again. I cranked the engine, and the driver gawped at the keys in his hand. He waved the drivers and onlookers out of the way as his car jerked forward, tossing him to the ground with its bumper. Danny jerked on the passenger-door handle as the Range Rover again headed toward them. Beside him Jake began to hyperventilate, clutching his throat rather than the wheel as he struggled to breathe. I held the doors firmly closed, trapping them in the car. Sarah banged on the window inches from my face without seeing me. Priceless.
Abigail, however, was staring at the oncoming car, dazed. Tristan whipped around when he heard Sarah’s screams. He saw the car plowing toward them, and then, once again, the car skidded to a halt. 
Glaring angrily at Tristan, I conjured a ball of fire and threw it in his direction. His eyes weren’t on me, and it was too late when he finally saw the flames. The fireball knocked him nearly twelve feet backward, smashing him across cars and into the concrete curb. Yes.
People began to panic anew when they heard the noise that Tristan’s body made as it hit the ground. They, of course, couldn’t see him; they saw only the crater, and the char the fireball had caused. 
The street looked like a battlefield. People were crawling out of their totaled vehicles, many of which were piled in a heap like discarded children’s toys. Some drivers managed to get out, and others weren’t even moving. 
“Jake, wake up!” Sarah’s fear-cracked voice grabbed my attention.
I turned to look at Jake’s car and saw Jake had collapsed. I suppose he was in shock. Danny and Sarah still yanked uselessly at their door handles. Abigail looked steady and collected as she continued to gaze at the stalled Range Rover.
Where was her sense of fear? Seriously, what was with her? A little scream, an appetizer, was that too much to ask for?
I made the Range Rover move forward once again. The driver tried reaching through the driver’s side window to grab the steering wheel, but it didn’t respond. “What in the name…?” his words were cut off as he fell away from the door. The Range Rover picked up speed and rushed toward Jake’s car, knocking the parked vehicles out of its way. 
“Get up, Jake!” Danny was shouting. “Jake!”
I admired my handiwork. To make things more interesting, I inched Jake’s car forward. 
“What the—?” Abigail seemed to be the only one who noticed that Jake’s car was moving. I knew nothing could go wrong now. Tristan was still on the ground, and I was about to hit the jackpot.
Three. 
Two.
What the hell?

CHASING DAWN

Impossible.” I whispered, looking at Jake’s car.
I wasn’t sure what had happened. All I knew was that just as the Range Rover was about to crash into Jake’s car, it swerved and lurched forward. It skidded to a stop out of harm’s way.
I appeared beside Jake’s car, furious. In the driver’s seat, Jake was still unconscious, but Abigail sat in his lap, holding the steering wheel.
She let go of the wheel and crawled into the backseat to check on Sarah. 
Shock couldn’t begin to describe what I was feeling. Did Abigail steer them away? She couldn’t have. I was surprised—and surprise wasn’t something I experienced often. I couldn’t think straight. No normal human could do what Abigail had just done. What was she?
Again, I started to think I’d been tricked into this assignment.
The street was filled with cries and chaos. It didn’t take long for police cruisers and ambulances to arrive. Paramedics rushed to help the injured. 
This time when Abigail tried the car handle, the door opened. She stepped out of the car, and looking at the surrounding hell, burst into tears. Sarah and Danny climbed shakily out of the car, tears streaming down their cheeks. 
My eyes searched the crowd until they found Tristan’s. The moment our eyes connected, tears started falling down his cheeks. What a sap. Then the night sky rumbled, and a roll of thunder pierced every heart and brought heightened fear into the souls of everyone around. Everyone except me. I just thought the forces of the universe were kissing up to Tristan. Show off!
Suddenly he was right in front of me. “Are you happy now?” he asked, clearly pained by the destruction I had caused. “Does this,” he pointed at the chaos around us, “make you happy?” 
“Ecstatic. Do I win a prize?”
“You’re just… ” He paused, clenching his fists. “Just… ” His blue eyes abruptly turned gold. 
“I’m what?” I asked, stepping closer to him when I realized he wasn’t going to continue his little speech. “What, are you too good to tell me how awful I am?”
“You don’t deserve even that satisfaction!” He transported himself to Abigail and her friends, who were gathered around Jake.
My breath burned in my lungs as anger built up inside me. I clenched my fists, letting the burning rage inside take control. My right hand ignited and I hurled the ball of fire straight toward Abigail.
Half a second before the fire blasted Abigail, Tristan’s hands snatched it from the air. Before I could inhale another breath, he was back in front of me.
“Enough, Gideon!”
“I’m just getting started,” I snarled, staring him straight in the eye. “I came here for the girl, and she’s still alive.”
“Then I suggest you come up with a better plan, because this one is pathetic,” Tristan said, challenging me. “You can’t hurt her, Gideon. You’d have to get through me.” My fireball evaporated into air in his hands, and he was gone again.
“That is one angry prince,” someone said behind me.
I turned around at the sound of D’s voice. She was calm and smiling, as though there weren’t chaos all around us. She had on a short black dress and a seductive smile. Around her neck dangled an elaborate necklace with hundreds, thousands of rough-cut crystals that glowed every time a soul died—which was every second, so the necklace never stopped shimmering.
D was the only friend I had. She was the Grim Reaper and the keeper of the Underworld. It was her job to lead dead souls to the Underworld, and her being here could only meant she’d came to take the souls of those I’d just killed.
“And he’s just made one angry Gideon,” I growled, making an attempt to rush Tristan. D stopped me.
“Patience, handsome. You aren’t going to get anywhere near his human by being Gideon.”
“How the hell am I supposed to kill her then?” Her hand was only lightly resting on my arm, but I couldn’t break her grip on me. Just how strong was she?
“I suggest if you want to kill the girl, you befriend her first.”
I frowned, puzzled. That was the dumbest idea I’d ever heard. Why the hell should I waste my time befriending a human?
She noticed my hesitation. “Trust me, it would be brilliant. Tristan isn’t going to leave her side, but you might just be able to get close to her by joining her circle. As a friend. ”
Her plan didn’t seem so dumb when I realized she was right.
“The prince did say I needed a new plan.” My anger was fading. I didn’t know how the whole friendship thing worked, but this was a challenge I couldn’t pass up.

























HOW YOU LEARN TO LIVE ALONE 

Tristan

“Better to light a candle 
than to curse the darkness.”
Chinese Proverb


Chaos.
Everywhere I looked all I saw was chaos.
I didn’t see Gideon.
The thing with Gideon? He only stayed for the killing, always leaving me to clean up after him.
I started questioning if I’d be able to protect Abigail from Gideon. I’d taken my eyes off her for a second, and she’d nearly died. But then, amazingly, she hadn’t died. And that hadn’t been my doing. She had protected herself, and done it pretty well.
A police car pulled over, not far from where we stood. The policemen rushed out of the car.
“Good heavens,” one of them whispered.
I knew what he was feeling, pain, just like everyone around me.
He approached Abby and her friends. “Is everyone all right?” He asked when he reached them. They look up at him without answering. “I’m Officer Ronald Andrews.” He showed them his badge.
I turned around at the flash of cameras behind us. Apparently, tomorrow was going to be a busy news day.
“Who was the driver of this vehicle?” Andrews asked, eying the Toyota.
“Jake was,” Danny answered.
Before the officer could respond, a voice from among the cameras called out. “That’s Abigail Cells!”
“Abigail Cells?”
“Oh, my god, its Mercy Cell’s daughter,” said another, and the lights from several camera crews focused on her for a moment.
Andrews placed himself between the cameras and Abigail. “You four, come with me. I have some questions to ask, and it seems like you won’t be able to answer them out here.” He helped Jake up from the ground.
Sarah took Jake’s hand, and together they followed the policeman. Abigail, looking sad and battered, took Sarah’s other hand.
I wanted to help the wounded around me. Their cries for help were so agonizing! But I couldn’t leave Abigail for fear Gideon might come back.
There seemed to be more people milling around the accident scene. Abigail held her head, trying to shield her face with her hair as people snapped pictures of her on their cell phones when she and her friends passed. 
It didn’t take long for Andrews to get Abigail and her friends to the no entry zone, away from the crowd.
He took out a pen and a pad. “Your car was the first in front of the traffic, right?” he asked, and Sarah nodded. “Can you tell me what happened?”
Massacre, not accident, I thought, but since I was invisible and couldn’t speak my mind, I kept quiet.
“Well,” Jake muttered, and they all looked at him amazed, because none of them was expecting him to be the one to break the silence. “I stopped when the traffic light went red and then… ” he paused and tried to find words. “The range rover was over there,” he pointed, “and all of a sudden, it was out of control. It curved toward us and then…” 
Abigail cut in. “The driver of the range rover curved away from us, and crashed into the three cars behind us.”  This was clearly a lie, but she didn’t want to draw any more attention to herself, and there had been so much confusion that there would likely be a million different stories, all of them different, so her account wouldn’t stand out.
I couldn’t get the image of Abigail in the driver’s seat in Jake’s lap out of my head. She was quick, and what’s more, she was brave, something that made me think maybe I actually had a chance against Gideon.
“We need to get these kids out of here,” said another policeman who appeared from behind Andrews. “The press now knows Abigail Cells was involved, and they are arriving by the dozen.” Abigail drew in a sharp breath and looked pained. 
“You do that,” Andrews said. “Well, thank you very much for your time. Now that we have your statements, Detective Martin here will take you home.”
“This way,” Martin volunteered. They followed him without hesitation. By now shock had worn off for many in the crowd and they were becoming quite emotional. Sarah was sobbing. But I noticed that Abigail had largely regained her composure.
As she and her friends got into the cruiser, I made up my mind to follow her home. I was ragged. Seeing her almost die, twice, in one day had sent my fear level off the roof. I had no idea how I was going to protect her. But here she was, safe and whole, and already steady again. Maybe she could be strong for both of us. 
I was just about ready to fly after the cruiser when D appeared.
“Don’t bother. He’s gone home to find a way to befriend the human,” she said.
Befriend her?
But whatever his reasons, he was no longer a danger to Abigail tonight, so I could afford to stay here and help. I watched the policeman drive away with Abigail and her friends, and then turned my attention to the scene.
The street was a jumble of ambulances, though slowly they were giving way to tow trucks and news crews.
And D. I looked over her shoulder at the forms she had pinned to her clipboard.
“Are there survivors?” I asked. I made an attempt to get closer to the accident scene, but D held me back.
She nodded. “Yes, and they’re going to live. There are no more names on my list for this little escapade. Let the humans do their thing.” I stopped struggling in her grasp, and she let me go. I leaned my head on her shoulder for a moment.
It was surprising how comforting a presence D could be. She’d told me once that not everyone was so surprised to find her comforting. I didn’t think I would every quite understand her.
There’s a lot I don’t understand.
I remembered meeting Gideon, back when we’d both been boys of six. He’d been all big eyes and tousled black hair. I didn’t understand how that boy could grow up to be so evil.
It had been Gideon’s sixth birthday, the day we’d all learned of his true nature. He’d caused a fire at the Town Square, and I’d come to help the wounded and trapped. I’d put out the fire and healed the angels that had been hurt without really understanding how I could do those things.
And then I’d gone to Gideon’s house, because I could sense that he needed healing, too. To be honest, it was also just to see him for myself. Such power! I was stupid for going there, I know that now, but I was also only six, and I was curious. I could have been hurt, but I wasn’t. 
When I reached Gideon’s house he was home alone, and crying. 
“Mother! Father!” he had shouted, walking from room to room. No one answered him. He searched the rooms again and again, until finally he gave up and slumped down on the stairs. “I didn’t mean it! I was hungry, and then, before I knew it, everything was burning. I didn’t mean it. I don’t even know how I did it! Mother? Mother where are you?” And then he started to cry again.
He went to his room, climbed up in his window and sat, perched precariously on the sill. I could feel anger and deep sadness run through him in successive waves as he kept saying, to the empty air, that he hadn’t meant to hurt anyone. He sniffled and started calling again for his parents, who never came.
I knew that day was his birthday, because I’d overheard Mother and Father talking about it. I felt sorry that his parents weren’t home for his birthday: everyone in Lumens had lighted a sky lantern for me on my birthday. A lonely birthday like Gideon’s seemed huge and horrible to me. 
It is huge and horrible when you’re six.
So I made a sky lantern appear in the clouds in front of his house. He saw it, and his tears slowed, and then stopped. He didn’t take his eyes off the lantern as I made it drift toward him. I wanted him to know that someone remembered him, someone believed him, and so when the lantern reached him, I made it burst into fireworks, and made the sparks spell Happy birthday! I made a wish for you, and I know you didn’t mean it.
He looked around him, startled, wondering who might be responsible for this, but I knew he couldn’t see me. A little while later he’d nodded to himself, and smiled. Just as I’d turned to leave I heard him whisper “Thank you,” and I decided that I’d light a birthday candle for him every year.
That was the little boy I saw whenever I looked at Gideon, a sad, confused little boy, so innocent, who had been so happy when a stranger had lighted a lantern for him. Obviously that little boy was long gone, and obviously I had long ago learned to see him as he truly was—a monster. I’d kept my promise. I sent him a sky lantern every year, and each year he would come to stand by his window to see it. I wasn’t sure if he knew I was the one sending them, and I wasn’t sure if sending them had been a good idea after all. Look at him! Look what he’d become!
“Tristan!” D was shouting my name and snapping her fingers in front of my face. “Where is your head?”
I brought my attention back to the present. “I need to do something. I can’t just stand here.” The paramedics were doing what they could, but they were so limited. So human.
“There’s nothing you can do right now, Tristan. If it helps, there’s nothing I can do right now either.”
It didn’t help, but I was still grateful to her for the attempt.
D and I got along. I mean, we didn’t sit around exchanging skincare tips, but still, we got along. We had our moment, like now. I wondered what her moments with Gideon were like. Did they talk about killing, or the usual OMG she didn’t! She did? No! Did a killer and the Grim Reaper gossip? It was an odd thought.
Together she and I stood on the sidelines, just watching. Being so near all the suffering meant more pain for me. I felt helpless. I had no idea what D felt.
Finally I couldn’t stand it anymore. I made myself visible and rushed over to volunteer. One of the state troopers looked up at my approach. “Sir!” he shouted. “Hey! I’m going to need you to clear the scene. Please, give the paramedics room to work. You’ll only be in the way. Young man! You! Stand aside, please.”
D took my hand. “We should go.”

I MADE SURE to replace my bloodstained clothing before I knocked on Sela’s door.
After I’d done what I could for Gideon’s victims, checked in again on Abigail, and assured myself I couldn’t sense Gideon anywhere on Earth, I’d decided to pay Sela a visit to let her know I was all right. I’d stopped by my parents’ on the way there, and Mother hadn’t wanted me to leave. I’d had to promise her I’d come back before she would let me go.
“Tristan!” Sela threw her arms around me the moment she opened the door. “You’re alive! You’re here!” She started to cry. “You’re here.”
Leaving was going to be hard. “I told you I’d be fine.”
She pulled back to look at my face. “You don’t sound fine.” She checked me over for injuries. “Did something happen? Are you hungry?”
Yeah, I was weak. I needed to feed, but I could hang on a little longer.
I pulled her inside her room and closed the door behind us. 
“I’m fine, really. It was just a long day.”
Sela let go of me, keeping hold of one hand. “Is Abigail all right?”
Was she all right? She did manage to save her friends. I was just as surprised as Gideon was when she did this. Whatever Logan was teaching her was working. He should probably ask fro a raise. I knew I would.
“I’m not sure, but I need to get back to her before Gideon does.” Sela’s eyes clouded with sadness, and she let go of my hand.
“You’re going back there already?” 
“Gideon is unpredictable. I never know what he’s going to do, so I need to be around Abigail all the time. I almost lost her today.” Saying this aloud made it too real.
“Can’t you ask your father to reassign Gideon?” Sela asked, although I was sure she already knew the answer.
I’d gone to Abigail’s when I left with D. Her mother had had a fit when she’d arrived home with a policeman. I listened to her shout, growing stronger moment by moment, because underneath the shouting she was bursting with relief and with joy. I had to come and see Sela too, because I knew she’d be worried sick if I didn’t come.
She nodded in understanding. “Please come back tomorrow so I know you’re safe.”
Giving her a nod, I turned to leave.
“Wait a minute!” she called and I stopped in my tracks “Are you not going to say goodbye?”
Of course not. I waved at her, “Goodbye.”
“Gah! A wave!” This made both of us break into laughter. “Giving your best friend a wussy little wave is simply not normal, Big Guy.”
I went back to her, pulled her close, and pressed a soft kiss to her forehead.
I missed having her close.
I pressed another kiss on the top of her head, on the orange curls. “I promise, I’m working on being normal. I’ll normal it right up just as soon as I can, but now I really have to go.”
Normal. At this point I’d have given anything in this universe to have time to worry about being normal, or at least to go back to the days where Gideon was as far away from Abigail as Neptune was from the Sun.




BEST FRIENDS FORNEVER 
Gideon

The plan was simple. 
Befriend her. Find her weakness, make her vulnerable, and then kill her.
When I arrived at school the next day, reporters had surrounded the grounds. I heard Abigail’s name floating around as a dozen reporters with elaborately blow-dried hair discussed her heroism to the cameras. What the hell was going on here? What had I missed? 
I snapped my fingers and found myself outside our classroom. “Abigail,” Sarah was saying, “I didn’t know they were reporters. And besides, you didn’t say not to tell anyone you saved us.”
There was no way Abigail could have saved them. And if she had, how had she done it? What kind of a human was she, anyway?
“Sarah, it’s all right. I don’t mind,” Abigail sighed, lifting her head. She didn’t sound as though she didn’t mind.
No one paid much attention to lessons today. Before I knew it, the school bell was ringing and chemistry class was over. I must have shut everything out, out of boredom, because I don’t even remember what happened at lunch, or if I even went.
“Remember, class, this problem set is due Friday!” the teacher called as students filed out. Abigail, her friends, Tristan, and I were the last students in the room gathering our books. 
“You want to get something before our next class, Abby?” Tristan asked. “Or I can grab you something if you want.”
“I’m fine. Go on ahead. I’ll join you later.” Obviously she was lying, but Tristan didn’t tell her he could tell.
Tristan hesitated, showing me he didn’t want to leave Abigail behind with me, but when Danny nodded his head toward the door, he left without argument.
Befriend her. I repeated the words in my head before I stood and made my way over to Abigail.
The moment I reached her table, Tristan appeared in the room, invisible.
He was everywhere!
I took a seat beside Abigail, and pretended not to notice Tristan. “It seems it’s just you and me now, Miss Cells. How about that tour?”
Abigail turned to me. “It’s just you, actually. I’m leaving” She looked like she’d been crying.
“So, was that a yes to the tour?”
Abigail did not look particularly friendly. Was I doing this befriending thing right? “I take it you either haven’t heard the news or you don’t care. You aren’t grilling me with questions, so which is it?” 
“Oh, I heard about what happened. It’s everywhere.” I stood and stepped right beside her. Tristan also took a step closer, but I continued to ignore his presence. “I heard you’re the new Wonder Woman.” 
She finished packing up her things. “Unfortunately,” she sounded annoyed. “Sorry, I just can’t think of the accident without—” Her voice cracked. “Sorry.” And with that, she picked up her backpack and started heading for the door.
This friendship thing was going to be more difficult than I thought. I had to listen to her whining? 
“How did you do it?” I followed her to the door. “You were in the backseat, and Jake was unconscious. The car was seconds away from Jake’s Toyota and—” I paused, catching the surprised look on Abigail’s face.
Oops.
Abigail jolted to a stop and turned to me. “How did you know that? Even Sarah and Danny didn’t see what happened because they were too busy freaking out.” 
“I… ” I was typically skilled at lying, but at the moment, my mind froze. “I supposed that was what happened?” That was the best I could come up with?
“Were you following us?” she probed.
“Yeah. I’m a spy.” 
Suddenly, I was pinned to the classroom wall with Abigail’s forearm pressing hard against my throat. How had she pinned me so fast? “You’re a spy?” she demanded.
I could have easily broken free, but I didn’t. Instead, I faked pain and acted as if I were trying to escape from her grip. I didn’t even want to think about what was going through Tristan’s head at the moment. To think she did all that in heels.
“I… I… ” I pretended I was choking. “Abigail, you’re—”
“Who are you? Did someone send you here after me?”
I’d give the girl one thing: she was different, entertaining even. “I… no… ” Her arm tightened around my neck. 
“Then why did you say you were?” she demanded again.
I’d had enough. I swiftly grabbed her by the waist and broke away from her grip, reversing our positions and pinning her to the wall. 
“I am not a spy!” I shouted. Our bodies were so close now that her cardigan swayed against my stomach. “I was only kidding!” Where the hell had that come from? How had she learned to do that? She was stronger than she looked. I should have read the file Daligo had given me, because now I was way past curious and was heading toward obsessed.
“Kidding?” Abigail hesitated. She seemed distracted by our proximity to each other. “Why, um, why would you kid about that?” I could hear the thumping of her heart, each beat faster and louder than the last.
“I… ” I didn’t know how to answer her question. “Because I… ” My eyes met hers. “Because I… ” I could feel her breath against my lips. “Because I… ” Her brown eyes looked so confused and… beautiful.
That thought shocked me, and I immediately pulled myself away. Where had a thought like that come from?
“I’m sorry about that.” She picked her bag up from the floor. “I heard spy, and I assumed you were with one of the tabloids.”
That was her excuse? “So you go all karate crazy on every paparazzi guy you see?” 
“Well, if you hadn’t freaked me out by knowing what happened, I wouldn’t have gone all karate crazy on you.” She sounded vexed. “That, well, that freaked me out.” 
Then I did something I never thought I’d do.
I laughed. 
A real laugh; it sounded so alien to me.
“You nearly choked me to death because I freaked you out?” I asked, still laughing. Gideon stop laughing! What the hell was happening to me?
“Now you’re just exaggerating,” I raised an eyebrow and then she too started laughing. “OK, so maybe I overreacted. Just by a little bit.”
“You think?”
She stopped laughing, and the curious look she’d had earlier was back on her face. “You know, you still freak me out. I’m wondering how exactly you knew all that.”
“You show me around campus, and I’ll tell you.” This was befriending her, right? Not blackmailing.
“OK, Mr. Chase. This is the chemistry lab, and that concludes our tour.” She started laughing again, and it was then that I knew she knew how to play this stupid game better than I did. I couldn’t help but laugh with her. 
Playing along, I said. “I must say, that was nice. Succinct yet informative.”
“I know, right? I should open up my own touring agency.” 
Why was I still laughing? Now I was freaking myself out. 
“That’s a nice sound. You should laugh more.” This came from Tristan.
I had completely forgotten that Tristan was in the room with us, and the moment I heard his voice I got so livid that the next thing I knew, Abigail was screaming because the glassware on the lab shelves had shattered.
I have no idea why I did what I did next, but the moment the glass exploded, I used my body to shield Abigail, protecting her from the airborne shards.
“Oh my God. Gideon, are you all right?” Abigail brushed broken glass from the front of my black button down shirt, searching for cuts and scratches. “What happened? You saved me.” 
I saved her? 
I wasn’t sure if I was, but I said, “I’m fine.” Had I shielded her because I wanted to befriend her? That must be why.
Tristan stood behind Abigail, his face unreadable. I was sure he was just as shocked as I was that I had protected her.
“Come on, let’s get out of here before we’re blamed for this,” she said, opening the door for us. “Are you sure you’re all right? I can take you to the nurse if you’re not.”
Was I all right? I wasn’t entirely sure, because in the world as I knew it, I didn’t laugh, except for the occasional sarcastic sneer, and under no circumstances did I save people.

























CAROUSEL
Information.
I needed information about Abigail, and since I couldn’t ask Tristan to give it to me or ask Daligo for another file, I had to find it myself.
Another school day was over, and Abigail was still alive. Even worse, I didn’t have any plan whatsoever for getting rid of her. The full frontal assault has never failed me before, and I was at a loss. Tristan never left this girl’s side, so it was impossible even to hurt her.
Knowing I was only going to be bored and frustrated if I followed Tristan and Abigail around, I’d gone out and fed instead. I’d wanted to go home, but I knew my little sister would taunt me about our bet that I’d kill Abigail within a day. “I won. I won. I won,” she’d chanted at me all morning in her most annoying singsong voice. I was in no mood for more of that, so home was off limits.
Killing someone had never been this hard. I couldn’t make a move against Abigail with Tristan trailing her like a freaking shadow. At this rate the only place I would be able to talk to her was at her house, where Tristan was forced to be invisible.
Gideon, you’re a genius!
Abigail Cells, guess who’s coming to visit!
I didn’t even bother to fly this time. I thought of Abigail’s house, and a second later I was no longer feeding off angst and anger in Soweto, but standing in the lawn behind Abigail’s house, facing away from the bay. I wasn’t prepared for what I was seeing. 
Abigail stood beside a table filled to the groaning point with weapons. Instead of an ill-fitting outfit she wore a black leather catsuit with long black boots, which was, um, not fitted ill at all. A strongly built young man was beside her, and around them, in the lawn, on the rocky seawall, even affixed to buoys in the water, were neon-painted reactive targets. Tristan stood, invisible, behind the man. 
“Training started a minute ago. You’re late,” the man I didn’t recognize said to Abigail, who was looking through the guns on the table.
She was training? What was she training to become, a ninja assassin? An elite Special Forces high-school student?
“I’m a minute late, Logan. Are you seriously going to make me run laps for that?”
“Actually, I’m going to get some boxing gloves. You’ve just earned yourself another twenty minutes of conditioning drills,” the man—Logan, was it?—said, and then walked off toward the house.
Tristan turned to me, and raised his hand in greeting. I was too busy staring at Abigail to come up with something annoying to say to him. Guns? I couldn’t even imagine this prep school girl being able to run with scissors.
I looked around to make sure Logan was well and truly out of sight, and then I made myself visible. 
“You look—” at the sound of my voice Abigail turned around in a flash, and just like that a Smith and Wesson M&P9c semiautomatic handgun was pointing at my head. 
The shock on her face when she saw me would have struck me as funny if I hadn’t been a little shocked myself to be looking down the barrel of a gun. “Gideon?” She lowered her gun just a little bit, and then she lifted it again. “What the hell are you doing here?” 
“Visiting,” I said. Lame, I know. I blame my shock.
For some reason, although she looked angry, her eyes flashed with fear. “Visiting?” she asked as if she hadn’t heard me the first time.
“Do you even know how to use that thing?” 
Abigail glared at me, and then she pointed the gun away from me, at one of the targets. She shot three times, and each bullet hit the metal spinner with a ringing clang. 
Was my mouth hanging open? “Woah! I didn’t know you could do that.” Behind her, Tristan was laughing, which made me pretty sure my mouth had been hanging open.
The gun was pointed again at my face. “Now are you going to tell me how you got in here, or would you rather I just blast your brains out? Either one is fine with me.” I was sure she wasn’t kidding.
This Abigail I was looking at was not the one I knew from school. What had happened to her being nice, and maybe a little innocent? I must have been misinformed. More than ever I wished I hadn’t burnt that damn file Daligo had given me on her.
I couldn’t use my Grandinian abilities to kill her because Tristan would stop me at every turn. And if my plan was to befriend her, the gun she was aiming at me suggested that plan wasn’t going so well. 
To make matters worse, if she shot me in the head and nothing happened it was likely to raise her suspicions. I would have exposed myself as a non-human, and Daligo would find another reason to lecture me.
Anything but that.
I needed an out before things got that far. “I bet you won’t look so tough without your pretty gun.”
She lowered the gun, and then put the safety on and set it back on the table. “Fine. We can do this the old-fashioned way if you’d prefer.” And just like that she made a fist and got into a basic stance, ready to fight.
“I’ll let you take the first swing.” OK, now she was just mocking me, and Tristan’s laughing didn’t help at all. Yeah, go ahead you royal jerk, laugh your stupid head off. Talk about adding insult to injury.
From the look on Abigail’s face, I knew she really wasn’t afraid to fight me. It actually looked like she wanted me to fight her. “I don’t want to beat you up, you being a girl and all,” I stalled, “and besides, I have a black-belt.”
No I didn’t.
Abigail retook her position, making a fist “A black belt, huh? Great. You have something to wipe away your tears then.”
I laughed but she didn’t, which meant she actually thought she was going to make me cry. Why do I put myself in these kinds of situation? Now I was really embarrassed. I’d come here to take her by surprise and squeeze some information out of her, and instead here I was, about to fight with a, a, a human. A fearless little female human at that. Tristan looked like he was going to past out from laughing. Someone seriously needed to knock him upside the head a few times. I’d have done it myself, but I knew he’d see it coming.
I positioned myself as well, my fist ready to swing. “Look, I can’t beat a—” 
Too late. Abigail’s fist rammed into my face and I doubled back, taken by surprise.
She did not punch like girl.
“You should make your nose bleed. You know, to seem human.” When I heard this I looked up to see Tristan beside me. “What? That punched deserves a nose bleed.” I glared at him “Fine. God, it was only a suggestion.”
I rather wanted to make his nose bleed. Git.
“Good shot.” I straightened my shoulders. “I didn’t see that one coming.”
“Want me to give you a sign next time? I could call in a skywriter.” This girl was just begging for me to kill her.
I took my position again. “Don’t flatter yourself, princess.” And just like that Abigail was swinging at me again. This time I dodged.
I threw two punches, one after the other, but she ducked under my arm and tagged me in the ribs before dancing back out of reach. I swung again, and she blocked my arm, twisting it behind me. I stepped behind her right leg and swung up against the arm she held me with with my elbow. This would likely have broken her arm if Tristan hadn’t been there, magically healing her all the time. I’m sure the only reason she had the advantage of me was Tristan. Yep. It had to be him, because the alternative was just embarrassing. For his part, Tristan was pointing at us and snorting with laughter.
Instead of yowling in pain Abigail had rolled in the direction of my swing and rolled over my back.
“So you… have… a black belt?” she said between two-knuckle punches to my torso. “I’m working to get… past… my green belt… in Krav Maga.”
I threw another two punches, and she deflected them both with her forearms and caught me in the chest with her knee. I fell to the ground.
The whole thing happened so fast that when I realized I was on the ground, and that I’d just got beaten up by a girl, I felt like punching myself in the face. This was more embarrassing than the time my little sister had beat me in arm wrestling.
Abigail bent down beside me, and leaned in close, closer, until her lips were brushing my ear. “Still think I’m a princess?” She leaned back so I could see the mocking grin on her face.
We were so close I could see the hollows on the zipper of her leather suit. Her hands rested on either side of me, just beside my shoulders, and her eyes didn’t leave mine. It wasn’t as though I hadn’t been in such a position before with lots of other girls, but this time was different, both exciting and very, very uncomfortable.
“You’re definitely not a princess,” I said, thinking of Sela and her restrictive steel-boned corsets. I propped myself up on one elbow and leaned in so close that our lips were inches apart. “But you are dangerously hot,” I whispered. Even though that line was pretty lame, her heart skipped a beat.
I was about to make another smart comment, something to make her just as uncomfortable as I was, when—
“Abigail?” came a voice from somewhere behind us.
“Dad?” Abigail asked in a whisper, as if she wasn’t sure she’d heard it right. “Dad!” She stumbled off me and ran to him. “Dad, you’re home!”
I took a minute to steady myself before I got up as well. Abigail’s father’s face was the first thing I saw, because he got right in front of me. Hovering in the background were a woman I assumed was Abigail’s mother and Logan.
“Who is this?” He was asking Abigail but looking at me. He looked kind of scary, and I was pretty sure he could hit even harder than his daughter.
Abigail pushed me away from her father. “Dad, this is Gideon, a… a friend from school.” She gave me significant look. “He was just leaving.” And then she was ushering me toward the gate. At least I’d got her to call me a friend.
“He was?” Mrs. Cells asked. “So soon?”
Abigail stopped pushing me. “Yeah. He… ” She gestured vaguely.
Mr. Cells walked over to us. “I won’t hear of it. He should stay for dinner so we can get to know him. He’s a friend, right?” OK, her father wasn’t kind of scary. He was really scary. Intimidating.
What the hell is wrong with me, letting myself be intimidated by a human? 
“He’s right. Stay for dinner, Gideon,” Mrs. Cells agreed.
I had no idea what to say. Nothing was going as I’d planned, and if it weren’t for Tristan watching like a hawk I’d have killed them all in a fiery blast. “Sir,” I croaked. I had never meant a “sir” so much, not even when I’d used one to address royalty. “Mr. Cells, I would—”
Abigail lifted her hand and so I stopped talking, “Excuse us,” she hissed, and started pushing me again. She stopped when we were out of earshot. “Please don’t stay. You have to leave.”
I didn’t want to stay, but I did want her to stress out a little. “Why?”
“Please, if you leave I’ll be nicer to you. I’ll even let you call me Miss Cells.” That didn’t sound like much of a bargain. I lifted an eyebrow so she’d know it wasn’t enough. “I could give you my number?” Eyebrow. She thought for a second. “I’ll give you my number and show you around school.”
It was kind of funny seeing her squirm like this. I’d have laughed if I hadn’t been a little squirmy myself. “I’ll take it. Oh, and I’m telling everyone you begged me to take it.” I walked back over to her father before she could get a word out.
“I’d love to stay for dinner, but… I have to get home. Yard work.”
Mr. Cells stared me up and down as though he hadn’t even noticed that I’d spoken, and then picked up one of the guns from the table. “You know my daughter can shoot, right?” he asked, and I nodded. “Good, good. She got that from me.” He then pointed the gun in my direction. What was with the Cells pointing guns at me?
“I’ll do well to remember that, sir.” Humbling. Inside, I was crying in shame.
“It was nice to meet you, Gideon. Perhaps you can join us for dinner another time.” Mrs. Cells seemed like the normal one in the family.
I nodded. “You too ma’am.” Ma’am. I almost laughed at how polite I was being. Tristan did laugh, the wank.
Abigail was behind me now, “I’ll see you at school tomorrow.” 
“Sure thing.” I said goodbye to everyone, and then walked around the house, heading to the gate. I was sure Abigail had some major explaining to do about who I was and why I was there, and I’d have loved to stay and watch, but suddenly I was exhausted and hungry.
I needed to kill something, to make sure that my mind and body were still sound.
This was the worst day of my life. And to top it all off, when I reached the front of Abigail’s house, Tristan was waiting for me.
“That was—”
“Don’t. Just don’t,” I cut him off and said through my teeth. “I’m going to go and kill something.” With that I thought about a marketplace, and found myself in India.







DARK KNIGHT
Abigail

You promised.”
“I didn’t sign a contract,” I answered, and pushed my way past Gideon so I could keep up with my friends.
It was lunchtime, and Gideon wanted me to give him my number. I wasn’t going to give him my number for a lot of reason, two of them being, 1.) He still scared me; and 2.) I was pretty sure he was a stalker. He’d been nearby during the accident, after all, and he’d shown up at my house. Unnerving.
My parents had questioned me for ages yesterday after he’d left. My father didn’t believe that we were just friends, largely because of the position we had been in when he first saw us. I insisted we were just friends, but they wouldn’t believe me. My mother hinted that the next time I wanted to invite someone over I should let her know first.
There was no convincing them he hadn’t been invited.
I’d wanted to know that I could defend myself, just in case he was the same Gideon from my nightmare. I’d wanted him to know it, too. That was why I’d gone all crazy on him. Now that I thought about it, I probably had hit him harder than I should have, not that he had any scuffs or bruises to show for it. He still looked as flawless as ever. I’d never expected to see him at my house; when I did see him, I thought I was having that nightmare again.
I’d avoided Gideon all morning, but now that we were all heading to the same lunch table, that wasn’t going to be possible anymore.
“You know,” he said, sidling up to me, “it’s not good to go back on your promises. I might just have to show up at your house again.” 
I’d really covered that, “I told the guard to never let you in.”
“Why not? Your dad—”
I stopped, and so did he. “Please, you can’t tell anyone about my dad.” I didn’t want to tell him about the CIA thing. How do you explain that your father is in hiding, and it wouldn’t be safe to reveal that he was in town? “Or about yesterday. I don’t want my friends to know. By the way: my dad? He ordered the guard to shoot you on sight.” The truth was, if I were to tell my friends that my big fancy house was actually a well-armed compound, and that I knew how to take out an attacker with fifteen different weapons, they’d be much more likely to think I was a freak than to think that I was telling them the truth. It was simply easier to keep it all a secret from them.
Gideon studied my face, and then he broke out in a mischievous grin. “Well, if only I had something to keep my mouth shut.” 
“Why do you even want my number?” I resumed walking. “It’s not like I’d even answer my phone when you call.”
“That’s my problem. I’ll burn that bridge when I come to it.” And then he stepped in front of me, blocking my way. I heard the snap sound of his phone before I realized he was talking a picture.
“Delete that!” I tried taking the phone from him, but he moved it away, holding it up just out of my reach.
When I tried to pass him, he stopped me. “I wanted a picture of you in that sexy outfit you had on yesterday, but this one will have to do.” He leaned in close, so no one nearby would overhear, and whispered, “you looked really hot in that outfit. It suits you much better than this dress does.” My cheeks burned red. Flushed with anger. Yeah, that’s it. Anger. 
I couldn’t see the students walking past us in the hall. All I could see was Gideon, those beautiful green eyes of his, and those lips. Wow, those lips. I opened my mouth, and out came my phone number.
Gideon pulled away, and I came back to myself. 
Oh, no. Abigail, you cannot be attracted to him. You hate him! You have every reason to hate him. He’s annoying, a jerk, and he might be a stalker on top of all that! Your nightmares hint that he’s a murderer! But all of those reasons vanished like smoke in a stiff breeze when Gideon smiled at me.
“This isn’t a fake number is it?” he asked as he typed the numbers I gave him into his phone. I shook my head. “Goody, goody.” He started walking again, and I followed a few paces behind, trying to calm myself. I hated myself for finding him attractive, and for letting my attraction keep me off my guard.
It wasn’t that he wasn’t hot: he was really hot, but he was also Gideon, a creepy guy who appeared at my house uninvited, and who bore an eerie similarity to another Gideon, a nightmare Gideon who had murdered me. I was going to stay away from him, like I’d planned.
Which was a good plan, because the last guy I’d found attractive thought I was like a sister to him.
“Who do you think it is?” Sarah asked, nudging my shoulders. “Hello? Earth to Abigail. Where is your head at, woman? You’ve been here for about ten minutes and you haven’t said a word.”
When I came to, I realized everyone at our lunch table was staring at me. Tristan’s face was a mask of concern. Danny and Jake looked like they were expecting me to say something, and then there was Gideon, who looked very smug indeed.
I pulled myself together. “Sorry. Didn’t get much sleep last night.”
“Gideon was just telling us he got a telephone number, and we were trying to guess whose it was,” Danny explained. I froze. Hoping no one would notice, I removed my phone from the lunch table. 
“So, who do you think it is?” Sarah asked again. “I’m betting it’s Doreen.”
“I… I don’t know.” I looked everywhere but at Gideon.
“You might as well tell us, Gideon. Are you taking her to the Founder’s Day Dance next weekend?”
“I don’t know. I hadn’t even thought of asking her. Why, I think I’ll call her right now,” Gideon chuckled. I turned to him lighting-fast when he said this.
I shouted before I could stop myself. “Don’t!” Everyone turned to me. “I mean, you shouldn’t call her, you should wait”
“She’s right,” Danny agreed. “You know Jake is into Doreen. Don’t call her right in front of him. Why rub his nose in it like that?”
“I’m all right. Besides, she might have a sister I could take to the dance. Call her,” Jake encouraged him.
Gideon picked up his phone, and I quickly stood up. “Bathroom,” I blurted. “I’ll be right back.” I didn’t wait to see his reaction, I just turned and started to head out.
Forget about how inhumanly handsome he was, I hated him. So what if I was somehow a little teensy weensy attracted to him? I was attracted to a lot of guys, like superman, Henry Cavill, and it didn’t mean anything at all.
I was almost halfway out of the cafeteria when my phone started ringing. I took it out and pressed the decline button.
“God, I hate that guy,” I whispered.
“I heard that!” Gideon shouted, loud enough for everyone in the cafeteria to hear. 
When I turned back, he was looking at me, and so was everyone else. I gave a sheepish smile to those whose gaze I met, and then rushed quickly out of the cafeteria.
It took me a second to calm myself when I got to the ladies’ room, and then I started wondering why Gideon had been able to hear me from all the way across the room.













FLIPPED
Gideon

“Watch your thoughts; they become words.
Watch your words; they become actions.
Watch your actions; they become habits.
Watch your habits; they become character.
Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.”
Lao-Tze


This was one of those awkward moments when my little sister seemed to know a lot more than I did, and I didn’t like it.
“The CIA?” I asked as Valoel looked at me over the top of her magazine. She rolled her eyes.
I’d got back from earth about an hour ago. I’d left because one more minute of watching Abigail doing nothing would have driven me insane. It was like when she wasn’t training she was the most boring person in the universe. I couldn’t hurt her—and believe me I tried—because Tristan was always there to stop me, and she was too dull to be worth spying on, so I finally gave up and decided to go home.
Valoel was already in my room when I got home, and after she’d finished ribbing me, saying that Tristan was going to win this Challenge and I was going to end up quitting, she decided she felt sorry for me and told me the reason Abigail owed a gun.
“It’s not like you’re Challenging Joe Schmoe from accounting, Gids. Tristan is a prince. And a hero. Everybody, well not everybody, but I know his assigned human is the daughter of a celebrity fashion designer and a CIA agent, and that she’s being given self-defense training by the agency. If you hadn’t been so dumb as to burn the file the king gave you, you might have known.”
I was about to interrupt and ask her why her mother was always in the spotlight if they wanted to keep their identities a secret, but Valoel neatly cut me off. “Her mother was already famous when she met her father. It was too late to do anything about it.”
Lots of questions. I had a lot of questions, but I didn’t know where to start.
“So what you’re saying is, if I want to kill her I have to do it the way a mere human would do it? Shoot her? Gain her trust and lure her into a dark alley and strangle her?”
Valoel laughed. “That’s exactly the sort of attack she’s been trained for. You know, D is wrong. Gaining her trust isn’t worth it. Befriending her won’t help you kill her. It’ll just get you into trouble.” And then she was gone.
Great, just what I needed: advice from someone who was only two years past collecting My Little Pony figurines. And what the hell did she mean, anyway? I’d get into trouble? I always got into trouble. It was kinda my thing.
Which reminded me: it had been two whole hours since I’d left Abigail. I really should get back and try to kill her. This time around I didn’t bother flying to Earth. Instead, I thought of Abigail, and in a second I was transported to the wide lawn behind her house. Once again she was in her cute little training outfit, chatting with Logan. Tristan was there, as always. He gave me a smarmy look and a wave. Jerk. I ignored him.
“See what I got?” Logan was saying. He slowly pulled aside a white cloth that lay on the table, revealing an assault rifle.
Abigail’s eyes went wide with awe. “Is that an AK-47?” She gently ran her fingers over the gun. “I’ve always wanted to play with one of these. I did mention my birthday is coming up, right?” Stroke, stroke. “Well, if you’re wondering what to get me… hint, hint.” She gave Logan an innocent smile.
Logan laughed. “Don’t girls usually ask for dolls, Abigail?”
“Eighteen-year-old girls? Are you serious? Anyway, screw the dolls. I wanna’ shoot something.” She picked up the gun, “Wow, that’s a beauty.” 
I was fascinated by how much she admired the gun.
Logan took it from her. “Sorry, we can’t play with this today because we have archery practice.” He pointed at the quiver of arrows on the table.
“What? You can’t show me the damn thing and then just take it away. At least let me fire it, just once.” She tried to reach for the gun, but Logan pushed her hand away.
“Archery,” he repeated.
Abigail sulked, picked up her bow and turned to the targets lined up in front of her. “If I get an arrow in the heart of each one, then will you let me play with it?”
“You’re on.” Logan agreed to her bet. The determined look on her face told me Logan had just lost. I knew that look. It was the one I had when I really wanted something. The one that said nothing was going to stand in the way.
Abigail took aim, and her first arrow landed perfectly in the center of the bullseye. So did her second, and her third, all the way to her eighth. She lowered her bow when the quiver was empty.
Logan was trying to look stern, but he was beaming with pride. “That was OK, I guess. You’re almost as good as I am.” 
“Don’t be jealous, Logan. Green’s not a nice color on you.” She handed the bow to him and hungrily picked up the AK-47. “Mmm. I think I might sleep with his under my pillow.”
“I feel like you cheated,” Logan said.
“I didn’t have to. I had a very good teacher. How does the saying go? ‘The student becomes the teacher’?”
“Please. You’re not that good.”
“Mm-hmm. Whatever helps you sleep at night. Now move over and let me take this baby for a test drive.” She pushed past Logan, and took her position. She slipped on her noise-reduction earphones, inserted a plastic magazine, and pulled the charging handle.
“Don’t ride the charging handle forward,” he instructed. “OK, you’re set for automatic fire when the selector there is in the middle position. Semi-automatic, lower position. Yeah, there.” Abigail aimed at a target seventy-five yards out.
And missed.
“Did you even try to account for the wind? My grandmother could have hit that, Abby. The blind one.”
“That was my first shot!” She tried again, a controlled burst of three shots, and this time she hit the head of the target. She fired again with the same result. She lowered the rifle to her side. “That was amazing!” she said. She was flushed with excitement and pride. “Woo! I’m keeping this. You can try all you want, but you have to pry it out of my cold dead hands.”
“Remember who you’re talking to. If I have to, I am quite capable of pulling it out of your cold dead hands.”
“Oh, you. It’s not as loud as I expected it to be.”
Logan laughed. “Everybody says that.” He tousled her hair, knocking her earphones crooked. “You look happy.”
But happiness wasn’t what I saw on her face. I saw something else, something I knew very well. That bright, fevered look in her eyes was power. I recognized it, and for a second, just a second, I realized that unlike the Abigail the world knew, this Abigail and I had something in common.
Something that made me to not want to kill her. That realization scared me so much that I left faster than I had come.
It was only then I realized what Valoel meant, that trying to get close to Abigail might get me into trouble. 

YOU KNOW THAT saying, time flies when you are having fun?
Bullshit! Totally bullshit!
Time was flying, and I was miserable.
It had been three days, and Abigail Cells was still alive!
We were all sitting around the lunch table at school on Wednesday afternoon, talking about our Titanic presentation. Tristan and Abigail had already started brainstorming, and Danny, Jake, and I didn’t know where to begin.
“How about I write ‘The Titanic is sinkable’ on a piece of paper, and we read it out loud in unison?” I suggested.
“That’s brilliant!” Jake said, and Danny nodded in agreement.
“It’s stupid,” Sarah chimed in, but we just booed her.
“The project is fifteen percent of our grades,” Tristan said, though no one had asked him. Seriously, why would he waste his time with human schoolwork? It wasn’t like he needed the grades to get into collage.
“Way to put us under pressure,” Danny said around a mouthful of sandwich.
“That brilliant idea of yours, Gideon, is only going to get you guys an F.” Abigail caught my gaze as she said this, and then it happened—I babbled.
“It’s not… we… she’s right. We need to take this seriously.” I was completely and utterly—well, I didn’t really have words to describe my behavior.
And that wasn’t even the worst part of my day. The worst part was that I didn’t try to kill her even once the rest of the school day.
After school, Tristan and I invisibly followed Abigail to the community library where she read to the children.
“I know what you’re doing, Gideon,” Tristan said. “You’re trying to win over the girl just so you can—”
“—Kill her faster?” I finished Tristan’s pathetic assumption with a wicked smile. “Give yourself a pat on the back, brainiac. That’s correct.” I noticed how happy Abigail looked, reading for the children. 
“Gideon, don’t hurt that poor girl because of me.”
“Do I need to take a seat for this?” I asked. “Is this the part where you lecture me about good-guy stuff? How her life is in the balance, but this is really all about you?”
“Please. Don’t hurt her.” 
“This is really sad.” Then I saw how distressed he was. Maybe his motives weren’t completely self-centered after all. He seemed genuinely concerned for Abigail’s life, even apart from his assignment and our Challenge. Oh well. “Look, I’d love to stand here and chat, but I’m on a mission,” I said with my eyes on Abigail.
“Gideon, what are—?” Tristan didn’t finish because at that very moment I slipped behind one of the shelves, made myself visible, and then quickly rushed into view.
“Is there room for one more student?” I asked as I joined the story group. Abigail looked up when she heard my voice and scowled.
“You’re too old, aren’t you?” a little girl asked in a tiny voice that made me want to slap the hell out of her.
“I’m sure there’s room for one more. Class, this is Gideon.” Abigail made space on the floor for me to sit beside her. Tristan gaped, not even blinking. Good. This had been worth it just to see him riled up. “You seem to be everywhere,” she said the moment I sat down.
“I came to borrow a book and saw you guys”
“And here I was thinking you were allergic to books,” Abigail teased.
“Just school books.”
Abigail was about to say something more when one of the boys asked, “Is Abigail your girlfriend?”
“Yes she is, and I’m going to kiss her right now.” I made a slight movement toward Abigail, and all the children started making noises of disgust.
“Ewwwww!”
Abigail hovered between a smile and an ewwwww! of her own, and then quickly looked away from me.
I smiled at Ben and Felix, who stood quietly off to the side, looking amused.
“I have a question,” a little girl asked. “How does it feel to fall in love?” Two of her front teeth were missing.
How the hell would I know?
All their piping little voices went quiet, so I knew I had to answer.
“Well,” I cleared my throat and tried to remember all the cheesy sayings I had read in various greeting cards. “It’s unexplainable.” I looked at Abigail, which turned out to be a stupid decision, because when my eyes met hers something stirred and fluttered in my chest. “And unexpected,” I whispered to myself.



RING OF FIRE
I remember when Thursday mornings meant getting breakfast at the town square just before I left for Earth. And by getting breakfast, I mean killing innocent creatures for the fun of it.
This Thursday morning, however, the moment the sun rose I stormed out of my room and made for the door.
“Woah, Gideon! Slow down. Where are you going in such a hurry?” Valoel asked as I rushed down the stairs.
I stopped. My entire family was in the living room, and all of them were staring at me.
“I…” I looked from my father to my mother and then to Valoel. They all wore the same look on their faces—surprise. “School. I’m going to school. You know, to try and kill Tristan’s ènas and stuff.” And then, without waiting for them to respond, I raced off.
“Is he all right?” I overhead my mother asking.
“I don’t know. I think so,” Valoel answered her.
“Can you find out if he’s OK?” Not wanting to hear more, I flew into the air.
When I arrived at school, I stopped in front of the main gate before making myself visible. Since I couldn’t sense Tristan, I knew Abigail wasn’t at school yet.
I forced myself to become visible and paced in front of the main gate. Students who passed either smiled or waved. I had formed a plan—I would follow Abigail to the library, and when everyone was distracted by the story and the children’s questions, I’d kill her before Tristan knew what was happening. I could pretend to be involved and let the children play games that would get them laughing. Tristan would get caught up in their laughter, and when he was least expecting it, bang! I’d kill Abigail.
Five minutes passed as I paced, just waiting for her—the longest five minutes of my life. I was about to give up when I spotted the Cells family’s Mercedes pulling into the parking lot, with Tristan flying invisibly beside it.
Abby waved to me as she got out of the car. I was about to wave back when her mother got out of the back seat and signaled for me to come over.
I stretched out my hand to greet her. “Nice to meet you again, Mrs. Cells,” I said politely, and Tristan, who stood beside Abigail, tried not to giggle.
“Nice to see you again too, Gideon,” Mrs. Cells looked from me to her daughter. “So, you’re the boyfriend from the library?”
Abigail blushed. “He—”
Her mother cut her off and turned to me. Suddenly, I felt as if I were under a klieg light. “A librarian called yesterday to remind Abigail to bring her boyfriend today because the children requested it,” Mrs. Cells said. “A boyfriend named Gideon.” 
I didn’t know what to tell Mrs. Cells, and the situation would have been much better if Tristan weren’t standing beside Abigail with that insufferable grin on his face. “Mom, would you just—”
“So, are you and my daughter dating?” She ignored Abigail.
Based on the expression on Mrs. Cells’ face, I knew she wanted me to say no, but I was pretty sure no would be the wrong answer. I took a deep breath. “I… Abigail says I’m a jerk, and unless I can prove otherwise, I can’t answer that question.” After I said this, both Abigail and her mother gawked at me.
“Honey, is he a jerk?” 
We both looked at Abigail. “Hmm… he’s… well, you know, he’s… Don’t you have work, Mom?” Abigail’s mother and I laughed.
“All right, all right. I know when I’m not wanted.” Mrs. Cells turned to me again. “I’ve got my eye on you, young man. More importantly, Abigail’s heavily armed bodyguards have their eyes on you. My girl deserves to be treated like a princess.” It was a good thing this woman didn’t know how I’d actually treated the one princess I’d met. She gave Abigail a goodbye kiss on the cheek and got back into the car.
Abigail and I waved as it drove away. Abigail looked like she’d just been drained of half her blood.
“That could have been worse,” I said, just above a whisper. I nudged her with my shoulder. 
Abigail looked shy and awkward as she responded, “Way worse.” We started into the school with Tristan close behind us. 
The day went well—too well. I spent every moment with Abigail and didn’t get any chance to kill her because Tristan was everywhere. 
When school was over, I found myself at the library once more. One moment Abigail had been leaving school and saying her goodbyes and telling us she was going to the library, and the next moment I was telling her I wanted to join her, because the children loved me. I didn’t tell her how much I didn’t love them back.
Felix and Ben were both a bit surprised when Abigail said I was going to be riding with her to the library. All during the ride Abigail kept looking at Ben and then back to me, as if she were waiting for something to happen. I asked her what was wrong, but she said it was nothing.
Tristan followed us, of course. When we got to the library I held up a copy of Diary of a Wimpy Kid and pointed from it to him. He was not amused.
The book Abigail wanted to read to the children had been delayed in shipping, and I suggested we make up our own story. Thanks to me and my big mouth, that’s exactly what we ended up having to do.
We had come up with a ridiculous tale about a pirate captain, an evil stepmother, a beautiful maiden, and a brave and chivalrous knight. Now the children wanted to act it out.
“I’ll be the pirate!” a boy named Vincent exclaimed when we asked for volunteers, covering one of his eyes with his hand to simulate an eyepatch.
I would play the knight, because he was awesome, and Abigail was unanimously chosen to play the beautiful maiden. An argument erupted over who was going to play the evil stepmother, until finally a freckled little girl stepped up saying she’d do it if she could choose her character’s name.
Once all the roles had been assigned (including that of Charlotte Emanuella Arianna Windsor the Great and Mighty and Also Really Evil) we started acting out the scenes of our story. Abigail ran away from home to escape the evil machinations of her stepmother, Charlotte; Vincent the pirate captured Abigail to hold her for ransom; Abigail tickled the pirate and stole his eyepatch; and finally we reached the ending, when I, Sir Awesome Knight, rescued Abigail. 
“O wonderful knight, thank you so much for rescuing me.” Abigail curtseyed.
“My pleasure, beautiful maiden.” I bowed. I awkwardly shifted from my bow to one knee. Smooth, Gideon. “Marry me,” I said, kneeling. I took Abigail’s hands in mine.
Stepmother Charlotte had a few objections, but they were quickly silenced with the announcement that she had been called away to Paris on urgent business concerning becoming Queen of France. 
“As I was saying, fair lady: please marry me.” I took Abigail’s hands again, and under my fingertips I could feel, literally feel, her pulse quicken.
I still couldn’t believe the unexpected twist in my plot to kill Abigail. How had I let four days go by without murdering her? Was I going soft? Why couldn’t I just get rid of her? Had I even been trying hard enough to get rid of her? Of course I had.
So why the heck was I kneeling before her with her hands in mine, playacting with a bunch of useless children? 
Charlotte the Long-Named being crowned queen seemed more plausible than that.
“Where’s the pastor?” one of the children in the back asked. I stared into Abigail’s beautiful eyes.
What the hell was I doing?
“I’m here,” a little boy in a black tee shirt said, tucking a strip of white paper into his collar to make himself look a little more pastorly. “Dearly beloved—”
“I object!” Vincent shouted, and both Abigail and I turned to him.
“If you object you end up being a queen. That’s what happened to Amelia. I mean Charlotte,” said a little boy with shining dark hair.
“Oh. I didn’t think of that. Sorry.” We all laughed, except for Tristan. Was it because he was feeling protective of Abigail, or because he was feeling offended at the lack of honor shown to royalty? I didn’t care enough to give it much thought.
“We are…blah blah…” the young pastor said. “You are married. You may now kiss the bride.”
My eyes met Abigail’s again, and for a split second, I wanted our fairy tale to be true. I wanted Abigail to be my mine, to be my girlfriend. I wanted it to be true so I could kiss her. Talk about unexpected plot twists!
Abigail’s face turned first red, then white, as I leaned toward her. “We don’t... ” Whatever she had started to say trailed off.
I could feel her soft breath, we were so close. It took every bit of willpower I had to not kiss her fully on the lips. When my lips finally did touch her, it was only a quick peck at the corner of her mouth.
The children cheered, and at the sound of their voices, I pulled away.
My eyes met Tristan’s, and the look on his face was impossible to read. Could he tell something was wrong with me? Was he as surprised as I was? 
After that rather awful loss of my sanity I said a quick goodbye and left with the ridiculous excuse that I needed to go home and help my mother move furniture. Abigail offered to drive me, but I said I’d take the bus.
But, of course, I didn’t go to the bus stop or home to help my mother with her furniture. I went straight to the Underworld to visit D. I wanted, no, needed to see her because she was the only friend I had. I needed to ask her if she knew of any sort of early-onset angel dementia, or a rare brain fever that claimed supernatural beings as its victims. There had to be something. I was certain I was sick. 
“D, open this stupid gate or I’m breaking it down!”
Every time I visited D I had to wait outside the monstrous gate for her to open it. It was huge and made of black iron, and rose so high into the darkness that its top wasn’t even visible. It must also have a damn complicated latch, because it always seemed to take D forever to open the thing.
The Underworld was the darkest place I knew. Behind the gate lay an envelope of darkness, murkier even than the clouds of Grands, out of which the cries of unfortunate souls could be heard.
The Underworld wasn’t my favorite place, perhaps, but I didn’t dislike it. The sad cries and the screaming were like sweet melodies to my ears. I liked listening to the wailing of lost souls asking for help in a place where help never came.
“D, I swear if you—”
D appeared beside me. “Relax, Gideon. I could hear you all the way from Earth!” “What’s the problem?”
“Remember the human girl that I wanted to kill?” I didn’t know why I said wanted to kill, because I did still want to kill her. Didn’t I?
“Tristan’s human? Is she dead? Did you come here so we could celebrate?”
“No, she’s not dead!” I shouted angrily. “She’s still alive and—wait, wouldn’t you know?”
“Mortals. They all kind of blend into one another. I can’t keep track of everyone. So she’s alive?” she sounded surprised. “Don’t you have a three-day policy or something?”
Worst friend ever, pointing out my failures when all I wanted was help.
“Why are you so worked up? Can’t you just kill her now? Or tomorrow? What’s the problem?”
“The problem is that I can’t kill her!” I was shouting, and I didn’t normally shout at D. I didn’t know what to do with myself. I felt as if I couldn’t breathe, as if the air around me was too dense and was suffocating me, thickening like cement in my throat. Was I having a meltdown? “Whenever I try to hurt her, I feel… I feel something.”
“Feel something? What the hell does that mean?”
“I don’t know. Maybe it’s because I wanted… I want to kiss her” 
D broke into laughter. “Wait. You’re serious?” She stopped laughing after seeing that I wasn’t joking. “Well, go kiss her, get it out of your system and then kill her. Problem solved. I’ve seen it millions of times before.”
“But I can’t. It’s Friday tomorrow.” What the hell was wrong with me? So what if it was Friday tomorrow? 
“And it’s Thursday today. Your point?” 
D didn’t understand the extent of the problem. She did seem to understand that I couldn’t explain it to her.
“Fine,” she said. “Don’t kill her tomorrow. How about the day after, or the next?” 
“Well, she ordered a new book for the library, and it’s supposed to come in this Saturday. We want to, er, we have to read it to the children on Monday, so I can’t kill her.”
“The children? A book?” D looked more surprised and confused than she had since, well, I’d never seen D confused or surprised. “Excuse me? You can’t kill her this weekend because of a book?”
When she put it like that, it did sound pretty stupid. I wanted to kill Abigail—well, maybe not as much as I had before—but what if I killed her and… and I… 
Gideon, back away from that thought.
D’s look changed from surprise to mild amusement. “Wait a minute. Don’t tell me that you are f—”
She didn’t finish her sentence because I grabbed her by the neck, and she choked on her words. “Don’t you dare say that out loud,” I whispered through clenched teeth. I released her. She didn’t even rub at her neck.
“We have a problem,” D said when I let go of her. “Come on. Let’s go hit you on the head with something nice and heavy and return you to normal.”
Now that was the friend I was looking for. I had actually been thinking of doing the same thing. “I vote for a car,” I said as D took my hand, and we disappeared into the darkness.


HAPPINESS
Abigail

“Of all the worst things I could do,
why, oh why, did I choose to be happy?”


Over here, Abby.” Gideon waved me over the moment I entered homeroom. He pointed at the empty seat beside him. “I saved you a seat,”
Since Jake was occupying my seat beside Tristan I went over and took the seat Gideon offered. 
As I sat down, he asked, “So, are we going to the library today?”
“We?” I asked as I took out my books to get ready for class. “If I didn’t know better, I’d say you liked those children.”
“You don’t know any better. I hate those children.”
We both laughed.
“I can’t today, I have training.” I waited for him to comment or ask why I trained, but he didn’t, and I was happy for his silence, because I honestly didn’t feel like talking about it
The more time I spent with him, the less he looked like the Gideon from my nightmare.
Yesterday, after I’d got home from the library, I’d agreed with me, myself, and I that the Gideon I knew wasn’t the same as the Gideon from my nightmare. I wasn’t completely convinced, but I believed it enough that I’d gone to bed last night hoping he’d call.
When Mr. Bernard came into the classroom and started his lecture I didn’t pay much attention, because Gideon was telling me about his little sister, Valoel, who was the reason he didn’t like children. Apparently, she’d been skull-meltingly annoying when she was little. I thanked my lucky stars that I was an only child.
“Valoel is a beautiful name,” I told him. “I’ve never heard it before.” I whispered, keeping my voice down so Mr. Bernard wouldn’t hear us.
“My first time hearing it too. I’m pretty sure my parents made it up.”
We laughed, and Mr. Bernard called us on it, so we didn’t talk the rest of the class period, though we kept exchanging looks and smiles. The girls in the classroom were looking at me as if I were bullying them for their lunch money. I could ignore the rest of them, but when I saw Sarah giving me the same look I knew she was going to make a very big deal out of it.
When the lunch bell rang, Gideon took my hand. “Come on. I’ll buy you lunch.” He stood up, school bag already in hand, because he’d started packing half way though the lecture.
I hurriedly gathered up my books, “You’re paying?” I asked teasingly.
“I’m not normally that much of a gentlemen,” he joked. “But, since I told the kids at the library you were my girlfriend I figured I owe you.” I knew we were just pretending, but my heart leaped every time he called me his girlfriend.
“Aww. What a romantic you are.” I zipped my bag.
“I know” He reached for my bag and slung it over his own shoulder. I was about to ask why he’d done that when he grabbed my hand and started to lead me over to my friends. The moment his hands touched mine, I felt a current run through me, causing my every nerve to tingle, and causing a few to actually backfire, so even if I’d wanted to say something, I wasn’t sure the words would have come out. 
“You guys coming?” Gideon asked my friends.
Tristan noted our joined hands when he saw us. For a second I thought I could see fear in his eyes, but then it disappeared.
My friends joined us, and we made our way to the cafeteria together. Everyone who passed stared at me and Gideon; some of them whispered among themselves. I wanted Gideon to let go of my hand so they’d stop staring, but I couldn’t get the words out.
Gideon still had my hand in his when we turned a corner and walked into the cafeteria. I felt the magic of his touch rushing through me like electricity, leaving me shaken and breathless. 
“You eat that human stuff, right?” I stopped walking when Gideon asked this. What? “I mean food.” Huh? That last bit certainly made him sound normal. Not crazy at all.
He might not be the Gideon from my nightmare, but he was still weird sometimes. The more I thought about it, the weirder it seemed. Like how he’d known about how I’d saved my friends during the accident. How he’d heard me say I hated him even though he hadn’t been in earshot. And twice now he’d made comments that sounded as though he didn’t think of himself as a human. Curiouser and curiouser.
I let his weird comment go and answered him with a nod, not that I could have managed more than a nod, since all my focus was on his hand in mine, and how unnaturally my heart was racing.
When we finally reached the cafeteria I took a seat next to Tristan, and Gideon sat on the other side of me. I was a little embarrassed to feel the way I did, but I was a teenage girl, sitting between two incredibly hot guys. It left me breathless. I was pretty sure I was allowed to feel breathless.
When Gideon let go of my hand my breathing returned to normal, but my heart was taking its time calming down.
Gideon left to grab our food. As soon as he walked away, Sarah stared at me with her I-want-all-the-details look.
Moments later, Gideon returned with a heavily laden tray, which he placed in front of me. Smiling up at him, I took some juice from the tray and had just started to take a sip when someone shouted behind us. Half the people in the cafeteria were looking toward the voice.
“Yes! I’d love to!” Two tables back knelt a guy who was giving a girl a bouquet of flowers.
“That’s so sweet. Khalida was really hoping he would ask her.” Sarah swooned.
“What just happened?” Gideon asked.
“The school’s thirtieth anniversary is next Friday. That guy just asked her to go with him to the dance the school is throwing, the Founders’ Day Dance. That’s what all the posters are about.” Danny explained. “You guys’ll be going, right?”
“Do we have to?” Gideon asked.
“No,” Jake answered, “but I’m going to be taking Doreen, and it would be nice to have you there for some added company.”
“Doreen? Dude, the girl practically has a restraining order out on you,” Sarah said, and we all laughed. “She wouldn’t go with you if you were the last guy on the planet.”
Jake took a bite of his sandwich, dismissing our laughter. “If I were the last guy on the planet? I think under those circumstances she might give me a chance. Who are you going with, Danny? Found your Juliet yet?” 
“I’ll ask someone, and she will say yes. Even if she’s a Capulet.” 
“Hey, you forgot the fork, Gideon,” Sarah pointed out, indicating the salad sitting on my tray.
Gideon shook his head. “No, I didn’t.”
He leaned toward me. “You have something behind your ear.” Then he pulled out a fork, to general oohs and ahhs.
“Wow, Houdini,” Jake exclaimed. “Where did that come from?”
“Here you go.” Gideon held the fork out to me with a flourish.
“So, Great Bikini, are you—” Danny started.
“It’s Houdini, genius,” Jake corrected Danny. “Bikini—where do you come up with this stuff?”
While we laughed, Caleb, the captain of the football team and a handsome charmer, walked over to our table. A few of his teammates stood behind him. 
Caleb called Sarah’s name and went down on one knee. He and his teammates all held flowers. Sarah gasped when she saw them. Caleb asked her if she would do him the honor of being his date to the dance. She screamed, “YES!” 
Then, one by one, his teammates handed her the flowers, and a smattering of people in the cafeteria clapped.
“I can’t believe even you have a date,” Jake said, frowning.
Sarah wrinkled up her nose at him, and then said to me, “I so wish you would go.”
For some reason, I felt sad that no one was going to do something that nice and special for me.
Tristan sounded surprised when he asked, “You’re not going?”
“No one ever asks me to these things. The last time someone did, my bodyguards ended up interrogating him and scared him away. I guess word gets around.”
An uncomfortable silence fell after that cheery little comment, and I winced. After the whole interrogation incident I had convinced myself that I didn’t care about going to dances. I was sure I’d be fine staying home.
“Well,” Gideon broke the silence, “I think that even though you’re not going, you deserve to have a rose.” He reached behind my ear again, and with a wave of his hand a thornless long-stemmed red rose appeared.
“Dude!” Jake shouted, while both Sarah’s mouth and mine fell open. “That is amazing. Teach me that so that I can do it for Doreen.”
Gideon held the rose out to me. “A rose for a rose” 
And without so much as a breath, I did it—I allowed myself to fall.














RECKONING
Gideon

“It is better to be feared than loved, 
if you cannot be both.”
Niccolo Machiavelli 


Tristan stayed behind in the classroom with me after all the other students had filed out.
“It seems as if your attempt to convince Abigail you’re her friend is working,” he said to me when the room was clear.
Of course my fake friendship with Abigail was working. I’d been putting a lot of effort in it. I truly hoped it would pay off soon so I could kill her and get it over with. I was tired of schlepping back and forth to Earth, and tired of feeling, what? Sick? Whenever I looked at her. That weird feeling in my chest and my stomach, that fluttering feeling whenever our hands touched. 
“Just how far are you going to take this, Gideon? Are you going to ask her to the dance?” I looked around the empty classroom. 
“Oh,” I said. “You’re talking to me.”
“Yes. You. The only Gideon in earshot. Are you planning on asking Abby to the dance to convince her you’re really her friend? She’s probably expecting it after that little stunt you pulled with the rose.” Why was he talking to me?
“You give me the creeps, you know that?” He really did, too. 
“I figured.” He slung his backpack over his shoulder and took a step toward me, smiling as if he’d just won the lottery. “So?”
“So, why would I ask that stupid human girl to a useless human event?” I asked, quite annoyed. Interacting with Tristan day in and day out was tiring me out as well, especially since he seemed actually friendly to me sometimes. “You know that the only reason I’m after her is so that I can—”
“Abigail!” Tristan blurted, pointing, and I turned to the door just in time to see Abigail run out into the hall.
“Abby.” I couldn’t explain what came over me, but I ran out the door after her. “Abby, wait! Stop!” With a little magic, I caught up with her. “Stop,” I said again, taking her hand and stopping her in the middle of the hallway.
“Why? So you can call me stupid and…” She tried to hold back her tears. “I came to ask you if you wanted to go to the dance with me, but now I know your answer.” She pulled her hand away.
I hated hearing the pain in her voice, hated the way I felt seeing her sad. Really? Now? Couldn’t she have asked me sooner? Or had she been expecting me to ask her, like Tristan said? None of it made sense to me. Was this one of those female things? Was I having a female problem now?
“I didn’t… I wasn’t… ” I didn’t know what to say, and seeing anger and sadness in Abby’s beautiful eyes was… Ack! I just used the word beautiful. Again. And there it was, that cold fluttering in my chest. I was seriously sick! “Tristan is just so annoying, and…” My voice trailed off. Why was I stressing myself over this?
“Joke’s on me, huh? This past week has been, you know… I thought there was…” she paused fighting back her tears. “Oh, forget it.” Her lashes were wet, almost overflowing. She turned and left abruptly.
I’d made Abigail sad. Since I’d come here to torment her, that should make me happy, but all I felt was—what was it that I was feeling? I didn’t know. It was a new feeling.
Seeing Abigail so upset and knowing I had made her that upset got me angry, so angry that before I knew what I was doing I’d punched the locker closest to me. I may have overdone it. A shock wave moved down the whole line of lockers on that side of the hall. One after the other they practically exploded, their doors blown right off the hinges. The hallway filled with flying papers and books, pens, pictures, and other debris. 
Abigail gaped at me. Her face filled with shock as her eyes traveled over the mess and then back to me. How was I going to explain that?
“How—how did you—” Abigail stuttered.
I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to say or why I had allowed myself to be so careless. “Abigail, I didn’t…”
Abigail backed away fearfully and whispered, “It’s you. You’re the Gideon from my nightmare.” 
And then she ran.
I was about to rush after her when the school principal arrived.
“Look at all this. What happened here? Did you see anything?” he asked.
I didn’t have time for him. I was just raising my hand to blast him when Valoel grabbed it. Val?
“Just play along,” she ordered. “You just ruined his school. You don’t have to kill him, too.” Where the hell had she come from?
I wanted to ask, but that would’ve meant listening to her answer, and I didn’t want to hear just now. My mind was filled with thoughts of Abigail.
“I don’t know.”
The principal picked his way over to me through the wreckage. “Are you all right? Come on, let’s get you checked out by the school nurse.”
“I’ll take him,” Val volunteered, and the principal, to my surprise, yielded to her with no resistance, heading back to the main office to coordinate the evacuation of the building. “Gideon, you can’t let a human nurse give you a medical exam and notice how, ahem, different you are. You already lost your temper and almost exposed us. Get your head on straight!”
Valoel kept lecturing me for what felt like forever, non-stop. I had no idea why she was there, or why she was lecturing me.
I didn’t have time for her. “I need to see Abigail.” I snapped my fingers and found myself inside Abigail’s bedroom.
Abigail stood in front of the mirror in her walk-in closet with her skintight leather jumpsuit on and a gun in her hand. Her reflection looked sad and distant. Hot, but sad and distant.
I looked around for Tristan, but for some reason, he wasn’t there. 
“You look dangerous.”
Abigail whipped around, startled. The second her eyes met mine, she pointed her gun at me.
“Gideon? What… what are you doing here?” Her voice was shaky, and the hand holding the gun trembled.
“Abigail.” I stepped toward her, and she took a step back. 
“What do you want?” I hated hearing the fear in her voice. “Did you come to ask for a ride so you can kill me?”
A ride? What the hell was she talking about?
“I don’t know what you mean, but no, I didn’t come here to kill you. So, you can put that thing away now.” 
Instead of lowering the gun, she raised it. It was now aimed straight at my forehead.
If I’d thought things were awkward before, how awkward were they going to be when she fired that thing and found out a gun wouldn’t kill me?
“You’re not here to kill me?” She sounded like she wanted to believe my words. Almost. 
“I don’t know why you’re scared of me,” I said, my voice not sounding like mine because it was a sad, pale reflection of my normal bravado. “I know you’re mad at me, and—”
Abigail angrily cut me off. “What gave that away?” I could hear her heart racing, but her voice sounded stronger, angrier. “You called me stupid.” 
“And I’m trying to tell you I didn’t mean it!” 
“Didn’t mean it?” she asked in disbelief. The gun was still pointed at me. “You made me feel… and then you called me stupid. I thought we—”
“This isn’t my scene. I hate this—feeling so…so human. I don’t do feeling guilty or sorry! But I’m here and I want to, I guess, apologize, so will you just shut up and listen!” I had no idea why I said this. I didn’t know the first thing about apologizing to someone. Abigail lowered her gun for a second, and then she lifted it up again. 
“I don’t want to hear what—” she started, but I couldn’t let her finish. I didn’t even give her a second to blink before I rematerialized right in front of her.
The shock on her face was priceless. “How did—you were…” And then she rested the muzzle of her gun against my chest.
At the moment I didn’t care if she learned of our existence. I just wanted to make her not hate me.
“Abigail, put that thing away before you hurt yourself,” I said calmly, brushing the gun aside. I wasn’t in fear for my life, but I was for hers. Well what do you know? I’d come to Earth to kill her, and now I wanted to protect her.
What was it humans turned to at times like this? Aspirin? I needed to take two or four doses of aspirin, because I was pretty sure I’d lost my goddamn mind. What the hell was wrong with me?
“But you…” Abigail’s shock lingered. “How did you do that?” she asked.
“I’m not going to hurt you,” I promised.
Abigail didn’t look like she believed me, and I wasn’t sure I believed me either.















LA BELLA E LA BESTIA
Abigail

“If I said a prayer, it was because I needed a hero.
If I lost my faith, it was because I lost my belief.
If I made a wish, it was because I lost my hope.
If I daydream, it was to escape my reality.”


Gideon wasn’t human.
Gideon wasn’t human.
Oh my God, Gideon wasn’t human.
I knew he couldn’t be—not after what he did to the lockers in the school hallway and his ability to move inhumanly fast, but still… Gideon wasn’t human!
Was I losing my mind here? I was pretty sure the next thing I’d be telling myself was that I was a unicorn.
But whether this was a dream or was real, I couldn’t risk lowering my gun.
I wanted to run away from him, but I knew I couldn’t, not when he was the Gideon from my nightmare. That Gideon caught me, no matter how fast I ran.
This time, however, I was prepared, and I was determined to fight him. I had a gun; he didn’t. I was shaken, but I was sure I could still pull the trigger if I needed to.
“Abigail, I’m not here to hurt you.”
So he kept saying. I might have believed his words before, but not after what I’d seen him do.
“I didn’t mean to call you stupid. Tristan was being annoying, and I said the first thing that came into my head to get him off my back. I didn’t mean what I said.” 
A part of me wanted to believe him, a very tiny part.
“You still said it, Gideon.” His excuse made me angry and filled me with courage. “And then you—you did something to those lockers. And in my dream, you …” I couldn’t get the words out of my mouth. I couldn’t say, “You killed me.”
“I’m not going to hurt you.”
I jumped. Gideon was gone. His voice was right beside my ear. I turned, and found him standing behind me.
“Stop doing that!” 
Now I was one hundred percent sure he wasn’t human.
Maybe I was stupid. I must be. Gideon had made me suspicious from the beginning, and yet it somehow didn’t bother me enough to make me stay away from him. Wouldn’t a normal person have tried to find out more about him?
What did I know, really? That he’d moved here from Hollywood. That he took my breath away every time our eyes met. That he was unrealistically beautiful. That he could be funny, rude, a little weird, and sometimes charming. But did he have a family, maybe a really cute little brother? Did he have a father who had married women fantasizing about him? Or maybe he had a dog? Where did he live?
“Suddenly appearing behind you like this is the only way I can get closer to you without you backing away from me,” Gideon said. He carefully took my hand, and I didn’t immediately pull away. “You hate me, don’t you?”
Breathe, Abby!
“Infinity times two,” I whispered, and then I did pull away from him. 
“Good. You should.” He smiled, but the smile disappeared a second later. He came around so that he was facing me and cupped my face in his hands.
I still had the safety off.
My heart leaped. Electricity flowed through my veins. 
His face was so close to mine. My eyes locked on his, and I held my breath. No, no, no!
The seconds ticked by as my heart pounded violently. I knew I wasn’t strong enough to resist these burning desires. He was so beautiful, and so close. So very, very close. Suddenly I felt myself lowering my gun, letting it hang by my side.
I wanted to pull myself away, but I couldn’t, because the truth was that even though I was frightened of him and upset with him, I wanted him to kiss me. 
Knowing I wasn’t strong enough to pull away, I whispered, “Please. Don’t kiss me.”
I hoped that Gideon was strong enough to resist whatever was happening between us.
After another agonizing second, he pulled away. “I really didn’t come here to hurt you, Abby. I’ll say it as many times as it takes to make you believe it.”
When I heard his voice wavering, saw the tense set of his shoulders, I felt a bit silly for thinking he was planning to do me harm. I’d dreamt that he hurt me, but that was a dream. It didn’t mean he would hurt me in real life, did it? 
“I believe you.” The moment I said this, his whole body relaxed, as if he had been holding his breath. He tucked the loose strands of my hair behind my ears. 
My body was still shaking. “Do me a favor,” I whispered, looking up into his deep green eyes.
“Anything.”
“Leave. Please.”
Gideon looked stricken.
I wanted him gone, far away from me, but he didn’t move. “I… ” he paused, and my heart continued its rapid beat. “I didn’t plan any of this, Abby.” He sounded sad, and that light in his eyes was replaced by something else—something dark. He pressed his hand gently to my cheek. I lowered my eyes, trying to find the courage to pull away. He cupped my chin and tipped my head up so that I had to look straight at him. 
I tried with every ounce of my strength to drag myself away from his gaze, but I couldn’t.
“Goodbye, Abby.” And then he was gone. I looked around, but there was no sign of him anywhere.
I closed and latched all the windows in my bedroom when I was convinced that he was really gone. I had no idea why I bothered, when he could apparently just appear and disappear into thin air. It made me feel better to be closing and latching, to be doing something. 
I sunk onto the floor after that, dropping my head into my hands, crying. All the anger and frustration came pouring out as tears.
So Gideon wasn’t human. That much I was sure of. What the hell was he? Was he the thing from my nightmare?
At first, I had wanted to remember that nightmare, to put a face on Gideon, but now that I finally had a match, I wished I didn’t.
Maybe I’d misinterpreted the dream. Maybe he wasn’t going to try and kill me. Maybe killing me in the dream was just a metaphor for breaking my heart. Maybe his plan all along had been to make me feel something for him and then leave me flat. But that didn’t explain who—or what—he really was.
I heard Gideon’s voice again, in my head, stupid girl that I was.
Of course I was stupid. No one had forced me to feel the way I did around him. That day in the cafeteria, no one had told me to give my heart away. That day in the library, no one had told me to lose myself. That night on my bed, no one had asked me to long for him.
And, now, as I was crying on the floor, no one made me wish I’d asked him to stay.

NO MATTER WHAT I did, sleep would not come. Instead, I stared at my clock, at the red-lit numbers of each passing minute.
The next day was Saturday, and I let it slip by in a gray fog. Sunday I stayed in bed until evening when my mother forced me to get up and get some air.
I didn’t want to. I didn’t want to unlatch the windows to go out onto the balcony. I kept expecting Gideon to pop out of thin air to kill me or to, oh, whatever, but he didn’t come. 
Monday and Tuesday blended into one another in a gray haze. Gideon didn’t show for classes, and there were whispers that the police considered it suspicious that he’d disappeared so soon after the explosion. Parts of campus were closed off behind crime scene tape. I went through the motions, bringing my books to class and blankly staring in their direction, taking a few useless notes; with each day I felt a little more myself. I realized that if Gideon had really wanted to kill me, he’d have done it by now, and with that realization a lot of my fear lifted, leaving in its place a little anxiety and a little wistful sadness. 
My energy was slow to come back, and twice I’d called Logan to beg off training, but when Sarah asked if I would join her after school to help her pick out a dress for the dance, I actually found myself looking forward to it. Jake and Danny came along with us, but they quickly got tired of the whole affair because Sarah was being so picky about the dresses and couldn’t decide which one Caleb might like best. They could only tell her that she looked gorgeous in everything so many times before they gave up.
“At this rate, only Mrs. Cells could tell you how good you look and get you to believe it,” Danny finally said, exasperated. 
Sarah brightened, and pulled him in for a hug. “You’re a genius!” she told him. “Let’s go visit the fashion goddess.”
We all piled into one car and drove to my mother’s boutique on Union Square. My mother was more than happy to help Sarah, and when she asked me why I wasn’t going, I lied and told her it was because I wasn’t up for it.
Tristan had offered to take me if I’d wanted to go, but I told him I was too far behind on my schoolwork and needed to catch up, which wasn’t a lie, but wasn’t the whole truth, either. I pretended I was fine that Gideon wasn’t around, which was a lie. I missed him making fun of everything, and making me feel special. I missed how he made me laugh and how he always had the perfect irreverent remark for every situation. Missing him and memories of good times weren’t quite enough to stop me from thinking about the nightmare version of Gideon, though. I decided maybe it was better that he wasn’t around. Whatever he was, he wasn’t good for me.
Sarah finally decided on a rich maroon piece from a collection my mother had debuted at the Prêt-à-Porter show at San Fran’s 2010 Fashion Week. It looked better on her than it had on the runway model, and she knew it was the right one when all of us, who had told her she was beautiful over and over all afternoon, were actually rendered speechless. When I finally got home, ready to fall into bed, Logan met me on the back steps, telling me I had to at least do some running and free weights, as I’d been avoiding training for a week. If he hadn’t been the hardest person to hit that I’d ever met I would seriously have cracked him one for asking me to do bicep curls and power squats at that moment.
We argued a bit over what my reasons could have been for missing practice.
“Like I told you before, I had a headache.” I walked past him. It was more of a heartache, but how was I supposed to tell him that I’d gone to ask a boy out only to find out he wasn’t human? Even if I’d managed to think of a way to explain it I was sure he wouldn’t believe me anyway. I know I wouldn’t have believed me.
One of the weapons on the table caught my eye, though, and suddenly I didn’t think I was too tired for some target practice after all. “You got another AK-47?” Another one, because the first one he’d brought was hidden under my bed right this moment.
Logan handed the gun to me. I forgot about my problems for a second. “I’m guessing with the mood swings, you must have a guy problem?” Logan ventured. “You looked sad when you came out.”
“You sure you want to accuse someone carrying an assault rifle of having ‘mood swings’? What is this, Logan, a therapy session?” I reached for some earphones.
“All right, I can take a hint. I’ll butt out,” he said. “Oh, by way—I looked over the footage from your balcony a few nights ago,” he told me as he pulled on his own ear protection. “Definitely looks like you jumped. A pretty graceless jump, especially for someone who doesn’t like heights. Actually, it looked like you pitched headlong over the railing.”
“I guess I slipped,” I lied.
“You know just enough to be a danger to yourself, Abby. I know you think you can handle yourself like a ninja, and 90 percent of the time you can. But that last ten percent… It’s a long drop from your balcony. Even if the risk is low, the stakes are high. You weren’t hurt this time, but you could have been hurt very badly.”
“Got it, mom,” I teased, and then I aimed at the target at the middle of the field and fired. Some of the bullets found their mark, but others flew past it.
“So, who is this guy you’re angry at?” Logan shot his own gun. 
I fired again. “I’m a little busy here, Logan!” I shouted over the noise. Every one of my shots missed.
“Where’s your head, Abigail?” Logan asked. “You’re disgracing a very beautiful gun.”
“My head is here,” I lied. It really wasn’t. I’d only come because I thought blasting away with a powerful weapon would provide a much-needed distraction. I needed to get my mind off Gideon.
“Yeah, right. Let’s change guns.” Logan handed me the M16 he’d been using. “And please, shoot the target and not the ground this time. I don’t wanna have to be out there stomping divots to keep the groundskeeper from yelling at me.”
Even though I was trying to focus I missed the target more often than I hit it. Logan let me get away with this for a few more minutes, and then decided I should give up target shooting for the night and concentrate on working out instead. I objected. Let me rephrase that: I whined.
“Abigail, I don’t want to hear it.” Logan sounded irritated. “I’ve told you again and again, this isn’t a joke. You can’t come here and not take this seriously.”
“I am taking this seriously!” 
“Inside. Now.” Logan took the gun from me and turned his back. He started cleaning up, making it obvious that our conversation was over.
I yanked my earmuffs off, put them back on the table, and then walked into the house in a huff. Logan had never sounded so angry with me before. I felt it would be best to just leave him alone.
When I got to my room, I was angrier with myself than I was with Logan. I was angry that I couldn’t stop thinking about Gideon long enough to get my head into training. He was gone, and still he remained a distraction! 
I made an effort to engage a little more, be a little more present. I chatted with Mom over breakfast about her new collection and about Dad coming home sometime soon, and caught myself feeling actually happy at the thought. The boys found dates for the Founders’ Day Dance and I was able to share in their excitement, just a little. Gideon still wasn’t in school, and I caught myself missing him. Had the missing him been there underneath the fear all that time? 
Now that I had worked out I was missing Gideon and stared that fact square in the face, I should be able to put it behind me. I decided to do just that. I decided to move on. Well, “move on” as in “go home and get Logan to track down information on Gideon”. It would mean admitting I had a guy problem and apologizing to Logan for wasting his time during our last training session, but I was up for that.
When I next saw Logan I casually asked him if he would help me find some background information on Gideon. Well, I was aiming for “casually”. Logan could tell my interest was more than casual. I apologized for my lack of concentration lately, and then mentioned that I wanted to poke around in a few databases: the FBI, CIA, NSA, and Interpol. His eyes lit up.
“That would be a violation of his privacy and of about fifteen bazillion laws, not to mention the fact you don’t have a lick of clearance, Abby. I thought I taught you better than that.”
“No, you did. I’m not saying you should do it. I just want to use your computer, that’s all.” He didn’t say no. In fact, he was already reaching for his laptop.
As it turned out, I didn’t have to dig very deep to find out that something was off. There were no records for Gideon dating back further than a few months: the Social Security number listed for him in the school’s records actually belonged to a Reginald Winslow, who had passed away in 1984. There were no cardiologists or surgeons by the name of Chase at John Muir Medical Center. There were Gideon Chases to be found, but none in the right age range to be my Gideon. There was nothing. 
“That’s odd. Is this guy an alien?” Logan joked when he tried and couldn’t find anything either. “That would be really cool, because then I could say I know an alien.”
Gideon was suddenly a mystery that seemingly couldn’t be solved. Good thing I love mysteries.





























THE STRUGGLE
Gideon

Why have you stopped going to Earth?” Valoel asked the very moment I appeared inside my room.
“I haven’t stopped. I’m only taking a break,” I didn’t want to go to Earth anymore, especially if my presence frightened Abigail. I didn’t understand why she was scared of me. I mean, I’m plenty scary, but not in any ways she could have found out about on Earth.
“Well, I heard you’ve stopped, and I heard it’s because of Abigail.” 
“Well you heard wrong, because Abigail is just a human. More than that, she’s annoying, and reckless, and conceited, and a pain, and—” I paused. “—And she waited until I said something stupid, and then she walked in and said she wanted to ask me to a dance. I tried telling her I didn’t mean what I said, but she won’t listen!” I hadn’t meant to tell Val all of that, but once I’d started talking it just spilled out. 
“If she’s annoying and a pain, then why are you worried about her catching you saying something stupid?” 
Beats me.
“I’m angry at her because she’s just a stupid human who… who is… carelessly clumsy, and smart, and beautiful, and… when she lets her hair fall on her face because she’s shy, or when she—” I groaned, suddenly falling to my knees in, what? Was it pain?
“Gideon!” Valoel rushed to my side.
I tried to shake her off. “Something’s—something’s wrong with me.” I tried to stand. “Maybe I’m sick.” 
“Don’t be ridiculous, Gideon. Angels don’t get sick.” Valoel pulled me to my feet.
“There must be something wrong with me, because my chest feels heavy and my knees are like cooked marshmallows. And I can’t concentrate! I can’t get her out of my mind.” Abigail had invaded every thought in my head. “Abigail is everywhere, and I feel… angry that she heard me calling her stupid.” I pulled myself free from Valoel. “What’s wrong with me?” 
“There’s nothing wrong with you. You’re just experiencing new feelings.” 
“New feelings?” That was her theory? “Emotions aren’t exactly new to me, Val. What emotion could do this to me? There must be something else wrong with me.
“There’s nothing wrong with you, Gideon. You’re just… ” She hesitated.
“What, Val?”
“Gideon, I think you might have romantic feelings for Abigail.”
It took a minute for the words to sink in, and then I started laughing, “romantic feelings? For a human? Are you out of your mind?”
Valoel thought I had romantic feelings for Abigail? What gave her that stupid idea?
“I know you don’t believe me, but you’re not sick. You’re just experiencing new emotions. It’s not that they’re bad, they’re just unfamiliar.”
“I hate her. I still want to kill her, so you’re wrong. I don’t have romantic whatever for her… that’s just ridiculous!” 
“Hello?” Both Valoel and I started at the sound of Tristan’s voice.
What the hell was he doing in my house?
I snapped my fingers and found myself in the living room. Val joined me.
After all the times I’d ached to hit Tristan, I finally went for it. I made a fist, but I didn’t even make contact with him because he vanished, leaving me swinging at the empty air. The next thing I knew, Valoel was standing with him, behind me.
“I know you and I are from opposing sides,” Tristan said, “and I shouldn’t be here, but Abigail wants answers, and I’m afraid if she doesn’t get them, she might search too far and expose us.”
“You’re right,” I said. “You shouldn’t be here. And if you’re so worried about our exposure, then you take care of it. I don’t care if the humans find out about us. It doesn’t matter to me”
“It will matter to Abigail. Don’t you think this has happened before, that some luckless human has worked out that there are guardian angels or nature deities or demons or any of it? It’s happened any number of times, Gideon. The people in question don’t even keep quiet about it. They tell the authorities. They tell everyone who’ll listen. Our Elders just make sure that humanity in general doesn’t believe those people.
“They will make Abigail into Cassandra, or worse. They’ll make her friends and family think she’s crazy. Or they’ll make her think she’s crazy. Or they’ll actually scramble her mind so that she is crazy. The Elders aren’t going to be hurt in any way. You won’t be. I won’t. The only person that will be hurt is Abigail. And I think you just might care about that, at least a little.”
“Oh, you know that, do you?”
“How did it all go so wrong? I didn’t mean for things to turn out this way.” 
“You didn’t mean what, exactly?”
“I know why she’s scared of you,” Tristan whispered. “I planted a nightmare in her head to make her stay away from you. I can see it didn’t work. All I can say is I’m sorry.”
And everyone thought he was so nice! Sorry? He reached into her head and messed things around in there. He put me into one of her dreams hoping to frighten her. He worried about exposure, but didn’t stop to think that meeting someone in real life that came from one of her dreams might tip her off to look at things from a more supernatural-y type angle and make our exposure that much more likely. 
Sorry? Sorry wasn’t going to fix this!
“I know,” Tristan said to me and I stared confusedly at him.
Know what? What the hell was he talking about?
“I know sorry doesn’t fix this.”
Was Tristan reading my thoughts? I turned around to face him. 
“How did you do that?” 
“Do what? I just… ” The truth of what was happening seemed to be dawning on him. He looked confused, scared even.
You answered my thoughts. How did you do that?
I don’t know how. I just heard you as if you’d spoken, he responded in my head. 
Heard me?
“And you just answered my thought.” He was quick to notice that part. He had answered my thought, and I had answered his. 
“What’s going on?” I took a step away from him. “Something is weird here, and whatever it is, I don’t like it.”
“Wait.” Valoel looked from Tristan to me. “Are you two hearing each other’s thoughts?” 
Tristan nodded, and then Valoel’s expression changed from mild surprise to actual fear.
“This isn’t good,” she whispered, more to herself than to us. “This is just what I was afraid of.” She looked again from Tristan to me. We looked back at her in confusion. “Oh, sorry, just thinking out loud.”
Seems to be a lot of that going around, Tristan thought.
“Hey, do you feel that?” I asked Tristan, hoping he didn’t know what I was talking about.
“Yeah.”
I felt confused, sad, and somewhat uneasy, a feeling I knew wasn’t mine, but Tristan’s.
Tristan must have been able to feel what I felt, too, because he asked me, “Why are you so sad?”
“Stop creeping me out!” I shouted. It was bad enough that we could hear each other’s thoughts. It was worse that we could apparently feel one another’s emotions. But this was absolutely creeptacular. He was, geez, he was concerned about me. “This is really too much. It’s bad enough that I have to be in your presence—now I have to be in your head, too? Listening in on your rainbows-and-unicorns thoughts? Could this day get any worse?” I felt as if I could combust into flames because of my body’s rising temperature. 
“Valoel, do you know why this is happening?” Tristan asked.
“I… no. Maybe the king—your father—will know?” She sounded scared. I had never heard Val sound like that. 
“I’ll go and ask King Daligo, and then my parents,” Tristan decided. “Please: stay away from Abigail while I’m gone.” He looked straight at me. Like I cared what he wanted. I’d visit Abigail if I felt like it.
I didn’t feel like it, though. I didn’t want Val to think I had romantic feelings for her, so I didn’t want to be near her again anytime soon.
“I won’t take long, and I’m sure you can hold off on seeing her until I get back,” Tristan said aloud, as though he hadn’t heard what I’d been thinking.
“Wait, you didn’t hear what I just thought?” How could he hear my thoughts one minute and not the next?
No, did you think something?
Yes, I did.
“Maybe you didn’t want me to hear it?”
You’re a moron.
“I heard that.”
“Good. And I won’t be visiting Abigail because I’m going with you,” I told him. “The sooner we get rid of whatever is happening to us, the better. I don’t much like you, and the thought of you in my head makes me sick.”
“I’ll… I’ll just wait here,” Valoel said cheerlessly as Tristan snapped his fingers and we disappeared into the darkness.













SHADOW BOXING
Abigail

As far as I could prove, Gideon didn’t exist.
Logan tried his hand at finding some information on him, but eventually even he gave up after countless searches that produced exactly nothing.
I paced around my bedroom, and then I did something I’d done every night since Gideon had gone—I watered the rose he’d given me. It was still as fresh and beautiful as it was the day he gave it to me, but I felt as if its magic were gone because Gideon was gone.
I couldn’t sleep. I tossed and turned, flipped my pillow over a hundred times trying to find a cool spot, stared at the walls. I was just about to give up and get out of bed for some air when I heard my mother screaming downstairs. I was up and out my bedroom door in an instant.
I flew down the stairs two at a time.
I was about to step into the sitting room when a bullet whizzed by my ear, so close that it touched my hair. I ducked back into the hallway, and at that moment realized I’d left my gun under my bed upstairs.
“I found the girl,” I heard a man’s voice say. “I found Agent V’s daughter.” Agent V was my father’s CIA alias, and my mother’s screams meant that my father’s worst fears were coming true—those he’d worked so hard to hide us from had just proved successful in finding us.
I backtracked and sprinted into the kitchen, grabbing the phone off the wall and dialing Logan’s number. On the fifth ring, Logan answered.
“Jesus Christ, Abigail, do you know what time it is?” His voice was thick with sleep. “Is this about that Gideon guy who—”
“Logan, there are people here,” I said, trying to keep my voice calm and failing. “They know about my father. Mom was screaming and—” I didn’t want to think about how my mother sounded when she screamed.
“What?” he asked, sounding fully awake now. “Find a place to hide. I’ll be right there. Where are your bodyguards?”
Find a place to hide? Hadn’t he spent years preparing me for this very moment? Preparing me to be able to fight?
“Did she go back up?” I heard a voice ask, and I started panicking.
“I’ve got to go, Logan.”
I looked around me, searching for a weapon, and saw none. The best I could find, other than a frying pan, was a fire extinguisher. I figured the extinguisher would hurt more than the frying pan, and the thick white dust it released might be of use to me as well.
I grabbed the extinguisher and rushed over to hide behind the door when I heard footsteps coming toward the kitchen. 
I was wearing black yoga shorts and a white tank top, and a pair of ridiculous socks with ducks on them. I was weaponless in ducky socks. This wasn’t exactly how I pictured my life ending.
I held my breath and peeked my head out into the hall. I could see two armed men, almost in the kitchen.
Pressing my back firmly against the wall behind the door, I held the fire extinguisher in a ready-to-smack position and waited for the men to enter.
One. Two.
“There she—”
The speaker fell instantly when I slammed the extinguisher against his head. The second man hadn’t even had a chance to react before I’d knocked him down as well. He moaned on the floor. I rushed out of the kitchen and into the sitting room.
“She’s here!” a thin, reedy voice shouted, but I rushed onward toward our library without turning to look, because I thought I’d heard Mom from that direction.
Once in the library I hid behind one of the shelves to stay out of sight. I heard my mother’s voice, pleading, and peeked through the books, hoping to catch sight of her.
“Let her go,” Felix was saying. He was being held by two men, a young man with a blond crew cut and another man whose back was to me. The one whose back was to me sucker-punched Felix, and he doubled over with blood pouring from his broken nose. All told there were six strange men in the room. Four of them held Ben and Felix. Another one held my mother, and the sixth man had moved to the sitting room door, probably trying to find out where I’d gone.
OK, I could take them. I had a fire extinguisher. I could totally take… Oh, my God, I was going to die.
I was trying to think of a better plan than rushing in, pointing my extinguisher at them, and shouting, “Hey, let them go!” when I heard a bullet hit one of the books on the shelf with a resounding thwack. I turned around to see two? Three? more strange men running in. Another thwack. Now was the moment. I removed the pin from the extinguisher and depressed the lever, releasing the dry chemical powder into the air and blocking the men’s focus.
I sprayed the powder in all directions before tossing the extinguisher aside and stepping into the cloud, hiding myself. The first man who came at me didn’t even have time to swing his arm before my right elbow met with his face. He angrily swung both hands, blind but determined. I leaned back to get out of his reach, like Logan had taught me, but I was just a second too slow. One fist grazed my jaw and blood filled my mouth. I kneed him in the stomach as hard as I could and dealt him a blow to his Adam’s apple with the back of my forearm, making him wheeze. He cursed in a hoarse whisper and backed away.
Muscle memory was taking over. I turned in time to catch a blow from the man nearest me on my upper arm, and kicked the man who’d thrown the punch on the left side of his knee. It buckled and he went down. He’d be a while getting up, I was sure. Someone got me pretty good in the ribs. My arms were too high to block effectively, just as Dad was always telling me. Crap. I gasped for air and threw a slow, pathetic roundhouse that Logan would have chided me for into the gritty cloud in the general direction the rib-blow had come from. Slow and pathetic though it was, it actually connected, and I danced back a few steps, shaking the stiffness from the fingers of my right hand.
I turned away from the man I’d hit just as another came into view from beside us, pointing his gun at me. I had only a second to move before he fired, and then the oddest thing happened.
I watched the bullet coming toward me, but it never reached me: it stopped, inches from hitting me, and then it fell straight to the ground.
What the… I had no time to freak out, or to thank whatever guardian angel was looking after me, or curse myself for seeing things at a time like this. Suddenly, the man who’d fired at me fell at my feet—dead.
OK, now I was panicking.
“I want her alive!” I heard a cold voice shouting, and then more footsteps. I banished all thoughts of whatever weirdness was going on and reached down to take the dead man’s weapon, a nice, reliable Glock 19. The moment I had the gun, I darted back behind one of the bookshelves for cover. Between the books in my way and the smoke I couldn’t really see all that well, but this was my house, and I knew the layout of the library by heart. I moved expertly through the room, trying to get to my mother. I wasn’t sure how many bullets were left in the gun, so I held my fire.
I peeked around the shelves. It looked clear. It wasn’t. A shot rang out, and… my arm. My arm. I didn’t feel the shot itself at first, just the splash of hot blood as it covered the back of my tank top. I fired in the direction of the gunmen while my head was still clear, the adrenaline making the whole scene seem unnaturally bright. One of the men fell back with a scream. I turned and raced for cover as the others started firing.
I whipped around a corner and stopped. I was trapped. One of the intruders was right in front of me. I’d nearly run straight into him. He pointed his gun at my head.
I was beginning to feel my arm wound in earnest now, burning like all hell. The dumbest things started rambling around in my head. I wasn’t wearing ear protection, I thought. That was kinda dumb. My head was filled with a monotonous tinny hum from the noise of the shots. The bullet must have been hot. It burned. Burned. I was wearing ducky socks…
The sharp focus the adrenaline had given me was clearly wearing off.
“Hands up!” the man in front of me shouted. He had a foreign accent that I couldn’t place. “Gun on the floor. Kick it to me.” I did as he ordered.
“Do not shoot her. Andrei wants her alive,” said a man who rushed in from behind me and pinned my hands behind my back. I winced. Pain radiated outward from my bullet wound. No matter how I twisted, even though my hands weren’t tied, I couldn’t break away from his grip. Either his grasp was strong or I was growing weak.
I was dragged to my mother and bodyguards.
“Abigail!” mother cried when she saw me. “Let her go.” She struggled to free herself.
“I’m all right, Mom,” I lied. “As for you—let them go,” I demanded. Someone laughed. 
“Listen to this little one! Hello, Abigail, I’m Andrei. Your father taught you well,” he said. He glanced at something behind me. “My men were plenty before.” He looked like one of those people you wouldn’t dare befriend. His eyes were cold, his dark-grey hair neatly brushed, and a plastic grin stretched across his face. 
“Let them go,” I said again, tugging against the grip of the man who had me restrained. I was out of ideas, and I didn’t know what I was supposed to do next.
“How adorable,” he said.
“Andrei!” Someone rushed in through the open door. The only words I understood were my father’s name and Andrei’s. The language being spoken sounded like a Slavic language of some. Russian, maybe. Or Serbian?
“It seems your father is coming to get you. We have to leave,” Andrei said as his men led my mother and bodyguards out after him. My mother struggled wildly. The two remaining men followed my captor and me.
The man holding me pushed me forward, but I planted my feet and refused to budge. It wasn’t simple stubbornness. I wanted to make sure there was some space between the group holding me and the group of men restraining my mother and bodyguards. By dragging my feet and occasionally pretending to stumble, I stretched the distance between the groups out to ten feet. Fifteen. Twenty.
Finally we were passing the dining room with its fireplace and, more importantly, its set of heavy cast iron fireplace tools, on the way to the staircase. I made my move, stomping hard on the foot of the man holding my wrists, concentrating on the instep. This move would almost certainly been more effective had I not been in my stocking feet. It did distract him enough to loosen his grip, and I drove the elbow of my good arm into his solar plexus and slipped out of his grasp. I dropped back a few steps and swung for the closest jaw. The man tried to block, and knocked against my bad arm. I wobbled under the pain of it. Another blow landed on the side of my head, an inch or two in front of my right ear, making bells ring, and then it was three against one, and they were winning.
My mouth was filled with blood when I finally managed to grab the heavy iron poker and give it a good swing. I had room to get a decent amount of speed behind it before it connected with the skull of one of my attackers. He fell down immediately, and I grabbed his gun.
I fired, twice, at men not five feet away. So close. Close enough for their blood to nearly cover me. They fell to the ground, kicking, and there was more blood. Blood on the shiny wooden floors, on the walls, all over my body. I felt a rush of anger and pain. I had just shot two men; I killed them. I may very well have beaten a third one to death.
Finally, I knew my father hadn’t been training me just to protect myself. He had been training me to become a killer.
At the sound of the gunshots there was chaos. Two more of Andrei’s men came into view. I fired twice, hitting one and missing the other. He shot at me from the doorway, and missed only because once again, the bullet stopped mid-air. I took advantage of the man’s shock and took out his left kneecap with a quick shot. I was shocked too, but the panic of losing those I loved was more compelling than whatever weird thing was going on. Worrying about weirdness could wait for a quieter moment.
I ran down the last flight of steps and over to the back door when I heard engines starting. I was out the door just in time to see three cars pull away.
I ran back inside to the security pad beside the front door. My hands shook as I keyed in the password—pret a fermer—that would force the mansion and grounds into lockdown.
An alarm sounded. I squinted through the closest window, my vision blurring. Cells Mansion was now on lockdown, but I wanted to make sure Andrei and his men were still inside the main gate. Mindlessly, I pulled off one blood-soaked sock and then the other.
I was about to rush out into the parking area, barefoot, when I heard a sound behind me. I turned and reached for my gun, but never had a chance. Blond crewcut fired at me. 
A shadow stepped in front of me. Half a breath later, Blond Crewcut was on the ground, and Gideon was standing in front of me, holding a bullet in his hand.
“How? But…” I couldn’t find the words. “You’re with them? Did you let them in here? How could you!”
“I’m not with them.” He handed me the bullet. “If I was with them, I’d have let this keep right on going until it hit you.”
I took the bullet, grooved with rifling marks but unflattened. It hadn’t hit Gideon; he’d caught it. He’d saved my life, again. I goggled at him. He was somewhat more focused and did not goggle back. 
“Now’s not the time. Abby, who are these people?”
“You’re not hurt.” I took his hand and studied it. I was freaked out, scared, and thankful at the same time.
“No, I’m not. Are you?” I looked up into his eyes, and they were pure red. I stepped away from him.
Then I collected myself and remembered where I’d been going. “My mother—” I made a move toward the door.
“I’ll get her. You stay here and don’t move.” Like hell I would!
“No, I need to get to her!” I had no doubt that Gideon would be able to save my mother and bodyguards. I’d just seen what he was capable of, but I still didn’t trust him.
“Fine.” Gideon took my hand and the next thing I knew, we were almost beside the gate. I’d have taken about five minutes on foot, but Gideon got us there in a twinkling. As soon as I get a moment free, I thought, I’m going to panic. This deserves some panic. I just don’t have the luxury of panicking right now, not while my mother and bodyguards were still in danger.
“Abigail,” Gideon said, taking my hands and steadying me. “If I beg you, will you go back inside?”
“She’s my mother! I need to get her to safety. My father asked me to protect us and—”
“Fine,” he said through a clenched jaw. “I’m going to be right beside you,” and then he was gone.
I looked around.
“I’m still here,” Gideon’s voice came from somewhere beside me. I couldn’t see him, but he was there. Add “hot guy invisibility” to the list of things I would panic about later.
At the moment, even Gideon being invisible didn’t bother me. All I cared about was getting to my mother and bodyguards before it was too late.
I jogged the last few dozen feet to the gate, and there I heard Andrei. Half of Marin County could probably hear Andrei. “Where is the girl?” A sentence or two were lost to me because he slipped into his native tongue. “You mean to tell me that one girl—a teenager—has not only defeated my men, but you also haven’t caught her yet?” Andrei started ranting quickly in Russian again. I didn’t know enough Russian to make out what he was saying, but his tone made it clear he wasn’t reciting nursery rhymes.
“Andrei, she is too—” The man didn’t finish because Andrei shot him in the head.
“Useless people. They can’t do anything.” Andrei stepped over the body and gestured toward another body at the end of the driveway. “The gates, they have high voltage power,” He said to Felix. “How do we get around it?”
Two men held Felix beside one of the cars. Another two held Ben, and my mother stood beside Andrei.
“I don’t know,” Felix answered. “There’s no way out.”
“You will tell me a way, or I’ll shoot the woman.” He pressed the muzzle of his gun into my mother’s long dark hair.
I stumbled forward. “No! Let them go.” Once again, I didn’t have any plans. I pointed my gun at Andrei, which seemed like a good start. 
“Abigail.”
I hated the way he pronounced my name.
“There you are,” he said. “This isn’t fair. First, you destroy my men, and now you want me to let my hostages go?”
“Did I stutter?” I didn’t like seeing my mother like this. She looked shaken. Was this how it felt for my parents? All those years, knowing what could happen? 
“Brave. Like your father.”
“I said let them go!” I shouted, and then I fired a round into the forehead of one of the men who held Ben. Ben kicked the other man trying to restrain him, freeing himself. He then took the man’s gun and shot him before turning on Andrei.
“This is how you play?” Andrei asked.
One moment Andrei’s gun was pointed at my mother, and the next, Felix was on the ground with a bullet in his chest.
“FELIX!” we shouted.








BLOODLUST
Felix.” I whispered, knowing he was already dead.
“Your move, Abigail,” Andrei said. “I have two men remaining, and you have two people as well.” He brought his gun to my mother’s forehead. “Should I shoot her first?”
I regarded Andrei’s two men. One, a stocky dark-haired fellow, held a gun on Ben. A holster under his left shoulder appeared to be for the gun he was holding, but I couldn’t be sure. He might be carrying a second weapon. The other man was covering me. He had a Glock in his hand similar to mine, aimed for my center body mass. In addition he had a SOG tactical folding knife clipped to his belt. Hell, by the look of him he could easily have a tank tucked under his jacket. He was huge. 
“All right!” I threw my gun to Andrei. “All right, just let them go. I’m done. I’m spent.” My cover came up behind me and pinned my hands behind my back. I grunted with the pain in my arm and slumped against his chest.
“Let go of her!” my mother shouted, but I knew she was in no position to make demands.
“Open the gate, Abigail,” Andrei said. Feebly I twisted my hands, making a show of trying to free them. In reality, I was searching for my captor’s knife.
“How do you suggest I do that with my hands behind me, Andrei?” I flashed him what I hoped was a sly, sarcastic grin. It might have just looked like an exhausted grimace. There! My hand finally found the knife. I slowly pulled.
He smiled. “You’re not going to trick me into letting you have your hands free. You can tell me what code to enter. A clever move, though.”
“Thank you,” I replied. Andrei might not have heard me, though, because at that very same moment the guy holding me screamed. The SOG tactical folding knife deploys with the touch of a thumb button. I was able to manage it even with my hands pinned at the wrist. I drove the blade into Tank Man’s stomach, and he let go of me, yelping, likely more out of surprise than any actual pain. 
A second later he was lying on the ground at my feet. I knew Gideon had done me this small favor, but I didn’t have time to acknowledge it. Ben had taken advantage of the distraction provided by Tank Man’s cries to kick out the ankle of the man covering him, and Andrei had turned his gun from my mother toward him. I hurled my knife in Ben’s direction. 
It hit him in the thigh.
Ben’s leg went out from under him. Andrei fired, but the bullet flew harmlessly through the empty air where Ben’s head had been a moment before, when he’d still been standing.
Andrei spat a few unhappy-sounding words at old Dark and Stocky, and then shoved my mother into his arms.
I looked back to Tank Man. I was pretty sure he was dead, and I was beginning to wonder what it was that Gideon had done to him. I hadn’t been wondering very long when someone hit me from behind. I dropped.
“How do you like that?” I screamed as Andrei kicked at my stomach and ribs. “You little…” The rest of his words continued in Russian.
“Stop!” my mother screamed.
Andrei pulled me up by my hair. “I wanted you alive because I wanted to make your father suffer for what he did, but now I think killing you would be much more fun.” Andrei landed another solid kick to my lower back. I was growing faint and dizzy, and thought, idly, that now would be a good time for Gideon to step in. Where was he? Was a hero too much to ask for at such a moment?
I thought I could see him just outside the circle of light from the gate. He looked like he was trying to force himself forward but was held back. I couldn’t make out what was holding him. It looked like, well, like nothing. He was like a mime pretending to push against an invisible glass wall. A mime. Definitely not a hero. My vision swam. 
When I managed to get my eyes to focus, I saw Felix’s unmoving body on the ground not far from me. I couldn’t even cry out. I couldn’t seem to find the air. Each breath was a sharp, shallow rasp. Every inch of my body burned. Trying to suppress the pain, I forced myself to stand, but I stumbled and landed on my face.
“Get up!” Andrei shouted, and once again he pulled me up by my hair.
“You—!” Andrei paused. We heard a gunshot, and the man holding my mother lay on the ground. When Andrei looked to see what had happened, I rammed my fist into his jaw.
“Take this.” Gideon’s voice was close in my ear. I couldn’t see him, but I could feel him place a gun in my hand and gently close my fingers over it. I felt him brush the hair from my eyes. No time for this. 
I rushed over to Ben.
“This is gonna hurt.” I swiftly pulled the knife from his thigh and threw it at Andrei; it landed in his shoulder, and he cursed. I raised my gun. “Don’t!” I shouted as he went to remove the knife. “Leave it!” I fired a warning shot over his head that came so close it ruffled the cuff of his shirtsleeve. He did as he was told.
“Abigail, it’s over. He’s not going to hurt you anymore.” Gideon was beside me again. I knew that the worst was over, but I wasn’t done with Andrei.
“You have talent and strength. I actually like you,” Andrei said with a smile.
“Too bad I’m going to kill you.” I rested my finger on the trigger. 
Logan and my parents shouted as one, “No!”
Reinforcements had arrived.
“Abigail, don’t!” My father came over to me and placed a reassuring hand on my shoulder. I didn’t lower my gun. “Abby.” He pulled me against him as Logan pointed his own gun at Andrei’s head. He kissed me on the top of my head, and then went to attend to my mother.
“Agent V,” Andrei smirked. “That’s a nice little girl you’ve got here. She single-handedly took out all the men I brought.” Still the horrid smile. Still the dead eyes.
At the sight of his wickedly happy face I stormed over to him. I struck him in the chin with the butt of my gun.
“Abigail, stop. We need him for questioning,” Logan said. “We couldn’t get in through the front gate because you initiated lockdown, so we had to go around the house. We’d have been here faster, but it seems you didn’t need our help.”
“Didn’t need your help? Felix is dead!”
“One person,” Andrei scoffed. “You took down all my men and—”
I clocked Andrei again. His nose started bleeding. 
“Abigail.” My father pulled me away from him. 
“You took him and his men down?” Logan’s eyes were wide. “We’ve been after him for years, and you got him in one night?”
“I guess now you can send me a freaking thank-you card,” I said bitterly, and turned away from him. I had no doubt Gideon deserved a card as well.
Andrei started laughing, “She is adorable and I—”
The bullet I fired at Andrei hit him in the same arm where I’d stabbed him. He screamed.
“Abigail!” My mother’s voice was low and hoarse. When I turned to face her, she was staring at me as if she didn’t know who I was. I didn’t know who I was either, because just a short while ago I’d been freaking out that I’d killed someone, and now I actually yearned to kill Andrei.
“You’re quite dangerous, aren’t you?” Gideon asked. Hearing his disembodied voice should have bothered me more than it did.
“He doesn’t need his arm for interrogation, does he?” I asked my father. Everyone was now looking at me as if they didn’t recognize me. I figured they were just used to lovely, obedient, good-girl Abigail. Bloodlust Abigail scared them.
“Honey, calm down. You’re safe. You’re all right, and we are here,” my father said, slowly and calmly.
“Safe?” I shouted at him. “I took a bullet to the arm, I’ve had people beat the crap out of me in my own home, and I had to endure this psychopath here calling me adorable. I’m safe?” Fatigue and pain came over me in a wave. The adrenaline was slowly wearing off. I’d killed people. I had killed! The stickiness of the blood on my skin made my head spin when I remembered where it had come from.
“Abigail, I…”
I shook my head. “Congratulations, Father. I guess now you can come home.”
“I never wanted any of this.” 
“You wanted a killer! Well you’ve got one. Take a long look, Father. This is me now.”
A me that didn’t scare me as much as she should.


























UPSIDE DOWN
Gideon

What are you doing?” I demanded when I appeared in my room and saw Valoel peering through a scope. The scope is a device that straddles the boundary between the physical realm and the magical one as completely as we angels do ourselves. It had a few glass lenses, and a complicated array of physical buttons and switches, but also made use of the portals between worlds. With a scope, it was possible to see anywhere, anywhere at all. With all the possibilities to draw from, it should have been impossible for me to guess what Val was looking at through hers. It wasn’t, though. I knew she’d seen me, and had seen what’d just happened at Cells Mansion.
“I’m watching Abigail,” she said, and stepped away from the scope. “I’m rather surprised you helped her.” 
“How is she doing?” I pushed her aside and looked through the lens.
Abigail lay still on her bed with an IV attached to her hand. What parts of her weren’t covered in bandages were dark with bruises. A silent doctor stood nearby, flipping papers on a clipboard.
I aimed the scope into her living room, where her mother was crying. Her house was filled with people in uniforms walking briskly around, each person busy with some task.
“Why did you help her?” Valoel asked as I turned the scope back to Abigail. 
“I didn’t do much. She got the bad guys herself.”
“I think you did plenty.” Valoel snapped her fingers, and everything she’d seen through the scope played back for me as though I were watching a movie. Abigail had killed some of those people. If I hadn’t seen it myself, I wouldn’t have believed she could even hurt a fly.
Abigail didn’t need a hero, so it was a good thing I wasn’t one. Still, how had she managed to survive that attack on her own?
“Did you do something?” I asked Val. I shot her an accusatory glance and she quickly looked away. “You did something.” I recognized the guilty look in her eyes.
She kept her eyes on the floor and answered, “I did nothing.”
“You helped her. You’re the reason she was able to fight off those men before I arrived.”
“Gideon, that girl can take care of herself.” She wouldn’t admit to helping Abigail, being her guardian angel when Tristan wasn’t around. “Fine. I helped her because she’s the only creature you don’t hate, and I didn’t want her to die. But she didn’t need much! I told you, she can take care of herself.”
Suddenly, I knew she’d had something to do with my not being able to move when I’d wanted to kill Andrei for kicking Abigail. I’d had to watch it all happen from mere feet away, unable to do anything.
“Val, you stopped me from killing that Andrei. You kept me from helping her when she needed it most!”
“Gideon, I couldn’t risk you exposing us. I’ve already had to erase you from the cameras around her house.” I wanted to argue, but I didn’t.
“How were you able to stop me?” I asked curiously.
“We are angels Gideon, we have the power to do that sort of thing.”
“I know, but plenty of creatures—and angels—have tried to stop me and failed. You did, and you did it from planets away.” Looking at Valoel, I was starting to wonder just how powerful she might be.
“How did it go with Daligo, anyway? Did you and Tristan find answers?” Valoel switched to another topic. I guess I was getting close to something she didn’t want me closer to.
“No. Daligo doesn’t know any more than we do about how or why we can hear each other’s thoughts. He’s plenty nervous about it, though.”
We’d arrived at the palace just as Daligo was dismissing a guard, and he’d been surprised to see us both there looking civilized.
“Don’t smile, we didn’t come for tea, we need answers,” I’d said as soon as we’d both taken a seat.
Tristan had told him the reason why we were there, and he’d actually seemed to be surprised by the development. 
“Hear each other’s thoughts?” 
I was annoyed that he was just parroting our questions back at us. “Want us to spell it out for you, or are you just playing dumb?”
Tristan glanced sidelong at me when I said this as if I’d committed a crime. I knew he would never talk to the king in such a tone. I thought the tone was warranted..
“I have no idea why you two are experiencing this,” Daligo had finally come to himself only to say something that made sense but didn’t help us in anyway.
“Well, that’s a waste of our time.” I stood up, and started heading out.
Tristan followed. “I’ll go and try to find answers from my parents.” I hoped he had better luck with them than with Daligo, but I had my doubts.
When I left, I had gone to visit D, and then I’d gone to hunt. After that, I had decided to pay Abigail a visit, and I’d arrived to find her under attack. Wow. Had it all been only a few hours ago? It seemed years.
“Look, Val, I need to go back, in case those people return for her.” I was shocked to realize I sounded like I cared, more shocked to realize I did. “I should never have left in the first place.”
“Relax, Gideon. She’ll be fine.” The moment Valoel said this, I felt as if a weight had been lifted from my shoulders.
If only Tristan had been there. Wait. Tristan!
Tristan, Abigail needs you. I said to Tristan in my head. I was sure he was still in Lumens.
Why? What happened?
I allowed what Valoel had shown me to fill my thoughts.
Oh, my God. Why didn’t you call me sooner? I was asking myself the same question.
And before I could exhale, Tristan was on Earth. I saw the inside of Abigail’s bedroom through his eyes.
She doesn’t look good, I thought when I saw her. She was battered. Her face was grossly swollen, and yet she seemed smaller just now than she ever had. 
“I’ve stabilized her for now,” I heard the doctor say to Abigail’s father as the two ducked into the hallway. “I’ve given her something to help with the pain as well, but she’s going to need more than we can do for her here.”
You need to heal her, I thought loudly at Tristan. 
I can’t. If I do it without her knowledge, she might go into shock. To heal her, I’d have to reveal myself to her, and it’s against the law. 
“The law? Are you kidding me?” I said aloud. “You’ve interfered plenty before today.” This wasn’t a time to go all noble. Under the circumstances, I didn’t think it necessarily was noble.
You said that the only person who could be hurt by our revealing ourselves was Abby. She’s already hurt. The other times you’ve interfered mean nothing if you don’t help her now.
“So you don’t have feelings for her? Not even a little?” Valoel asked from beside me, making me even angrier.
“Don’t start with me, Val.” I thought of Abigail, and found myself in her room.
Tristan actually moved to put himself between me and Abigail when he saw me.
I’m not going to hurt her, moron, I thought.
I can never tell whether you’re planning to give her roses or push her off a balcony.
Yes, Tristan had answers to everything. I decided to ignore him and rematerialized beside Abigail. Her eyes were closed, but I could tell she wasn’t asleep. Tears ran down her cheeks, and when I saw them, I felt something. Was it sadness?
In an attempt to dry her tears, I placed my right hand tenderly on her cheek. The moment my hand touched her skin, her heart started racing, and she opened her eyes.
“Gideon?” she called, looking around her.
I turned to Tristan, and we exchanged surprised looks. I knew she couldn’t see me.
“Gideon, I can feel you. I know you’re here,” she said again, and then slowly I made myself visible. She went to reach for my hand when she saw me, but that tugged at the IV, and she thought better of it.
“How did you know it was me?”
“Whenever you’re close to me, my heart races.”
Oh. That was… weird.
“Abby.” I stopped, because I couldn’t bring myself to ask how she was feeling. I touched her cheek again. Her skin felt warm, and for a second, I debated on whether I ever wanted to take my hand away.
“I’m sorry I pushed you away,” she cried.
I didn’t understand why she was apologizing for being angry with me for my rudeness. I was pretty sure I should be the one apologizing. 
“I’m going to make you feel better.” I patted her hand. “Don’t freak out, OK?”
“Don’t,” she protested as more tears slid down her cheeks. “I killed and hurt those people. I deserve every bit of pain I’m in.”
“That’s a terrible thing to say, Abigail. Those people were trying to kill you.”
“Does it matter? They’re dead, and I’m not. And Felix is gone.”
I suddenly realized I could have saved Felix, but I had been so focused on making sure nothing happened to Abigail or her mother that I had let myself forget there were two more people there she cared about.
Tristan, heal her now. She’s already seen me. You’re not helping anyone by trying to keep a secret now. Heal her!
Wait. You’re not going to hurt her? Tristan seemed surprised. Yeah, I was surprised too, but at this point how I felt was irrelevant. 
“You don’t deserve this pain, Abigail,” I told her. Tristan came to stand beside me, and he lay his hands on Abigail. At his touch, her body started to glow. “You’re going to be all right,” I said, watching as her bruises faded, leaving nothing behind.
“I feel strange,” Abigail said, tearing the bandages from the gunshot wound on her arm. She slowly sat up on her bed. “Everything is gone.”
“Now remember, I asked you not to freak out.” I took her hands. “Calm down.”
“I’m not freaking out. I’m fine.” She was shaking. She wasn’t fine. 
I took her face in my hands. Her cheeks were soft under the tears. “Smile,” I said to her. “The world looks much more beautiful when you do.” What was I talking about? “I meant…there is…I got nothing.”
And then it happened again. I laughed, and Abigail smiled. 
That’s really a wonderful sound. You should laugh more often. Once again, Tristan forced his thoughts into my head.
I really, really hope that whatever this thing is will end soon, because I’m a breath away from ripping your heart out. 
Then it’s a good thing angels don’t have to breathe, isn’t it? God was this guy god with this sarcastic crap.
“Gideon,” Abigail sounded stronger. “Will you please stay?”
“I…” I wanted to say yes, but I stopped when I remembered Valoel’s accusation. “I…” Wait, I could stay. It wouldn’t mean that I had feelings for her. “Of course.” I hoped this little act of goodness wouldn’t come back to bite me.
I helped her to lean back on her bed. She scooted over, and I could tell she wanted me to lie beside her. She wanted someone to comfort her. I wasn’t sure I knew how to do that, but I could try.
I covered her with a blanket and then lay beside her without another thought. I pulled her into my arms.
Valoel’s words echoed in my head again. I didn’t have romantic feelings for Abby. I wanted to kill her, right? 
A while later, Abigail whispered, “I’m still a little scared of you.”
I smiled. “Good,” and pulled her closer to me. 
We didn’t speak after that. We didn’t need to. It took a while, but eventually her breathing slowed, and she finally fell asleep.
Wow, Gideon. Any more nice gestures and I’d think you’re going soft.
You’re starting to annoy me, and you won’t like me very much if I’m annoyed. I didn’t even like myself very much when I was annoyed.
I listened to the sound of Abigail’s soft breathing; she looked so fragile.
Make yourself useful and go find some answers, I thought, not wanting to speak out and wake Abigail.
I’m not leaving her alone with you, he thought, making me feel like an idiot for even asking him. He still didn’t trust me to be alone with her. Not even after tonight. 
Tristan, you left her alone with me this evening. And it’s a good thing she was with me.
You’re right. Oh, my God, you’re right. 
I really, really don’t like you. I meant every word of it.
That’s a shame, really, because everyone likes me. Punchably smug. Tristan was starting to sound like someone I used to know once upon a time, someone who looked a lot like me.












DARK VEIL
Abigail

“Humanity is the word we use when we kill in the name of society.
Humanity is the word we use to make them believe we can feel.
Humanity is the word we use to cover up our dreadful crimes.
Humanity is the word we use to pretend we are not monsters.
Humanity, humanity, humanity! There, now we are invincible!”


Well done, Abigail. Come, sit with me,” Andrei said.
We were inside a huge, empty hall. The only things in the room aside from us were two stone thrones at the far end.
I walked over to him, my steps echoing. “Congratulations,” he said, and hugged and kissed me on both cheeks.
“Congratulations for what? What did I do?” I asked.
“You succeeded. You killed them all,” he said, and then suddenly Felix was standing in front of me, blood soaking through his suit jacket. I started shaking.
Looking around me now, the hall was no longer empty. It was piled high with dead bodies. The thrones were shattered and the walls and floor were streaked with gore. I glanced down and screamed. My hands were covered in blood.
“I didn’t…”
“Of course you did!” he grabbed me by the shoulders. “You’re a killer, Abigail. You and I are the same.”
“No!” I pulled free from him and backed away. “No, we’re not!” I took another step back, and then I slipped. The floor beneath me was slick with blood. I made an attempt to stand, but Andrei stopped me, pinning me down.
“You are a killer, Abigail. Just like me. You can’t run away from it.” His face was nearly touching mine.
I struggled to free myself, but he caught me in his arms. “Get away from me!” 
“Abigail!” Suddenly Andrei’s voice turned into Gideon’s, though his cold face remained the same. “Abigail, wake up.”
“Let go!”
“No!” Andrei’s normal voice returned, sour and cruel. “You’re a killer, just like me.”
“I’m nothing like you!” I shouted, and then I shoved him down onto his back. I grabbed at his throat with my right hand. 
“Abby. Abigail, you—” Gideon’s voice again, and he sounded as if he were coughing. Or choking. Oh, no! Choking.
One second I was strangling Andrei, and the next I was on top of Gideon with my hands wrapped around his neck.
I let him go and pushed myself away in shock. “I’m so sorry,” I gasped. I was still shaking. I looked hastily around me, but there was no blood. No piles of corpses. It was only a dream.
“Abigail.” Gideon reached for me. “You’re all right. It was just a nightmare.” He pulled me closer and let me rest my head on his chest.
I started sniveling like a five-year-old. “There was blood. There was blood everywhere. And I killed them.”
“You’re going to be all right,” Gideon whispered again, and then he quieted and allowed me to cry.
The dream’s horror refused to fade. Every few minutes, Gideon would whisper something calming, which helped even when I couldn’t make out his exact words. I curled in closer to him with my head still tight against his chest, and he ran his fingers through my hair as I cried on and on into the night.
My father used to say: no one can force you to become a monster, you create your own demons. I hadn’t understood him then, but now I did. 
After a while I stopped shaking, but my tears wouldn’t stop falling. I felt safe in Gideon’s arms, and the irony of that was not lost on me. I had avoided him because he had come after me in a dream, and I’d been afraid he would kill me. Now I was the one doing the killing, and he was here soothing the pain and fear of my nightmares, including the one I couldn’t wake from.
Through my bedroom door came the muffled sound of crime-scene processing by crowds of agents and police officers. It seemed much further away somehow than just downstairs.
The CIA had arrived shortly after the incident and cleaned the house, leaving behind only two of Andrei’s dead henchmen and Felix. The story we were told to follow was that two armed men broke in, and Felix and Ben had tried to fight them off. One of the intruders had shot Felix, and Ben had killed them in self-defense.
Every now and then among the indistinct voices I could make out my father’s. I couldn’t bear to hear him. The very thought of him filled me with anger. Tonight? This mess? Was his fault. I hadn’t truly believed there would be people like Andrei who would try to kill us. I wouldn’t have ever had to believe such a thing if my father and his job didn’t put our little family in danger. I was too angry to sleep.
“Abby,” Gideon whispered my name hours later, and I nodded to let him know I could hear him. I guess I’d managed to sleep after all. “The sun is up, and your parents will be checking on you soon. I’ve surrounded you with, erm, I think humans call it a glamour. Your parents won’t notice that you’re healed. When they look at you, they will still see the wounds.”
“All the times I’ve heard the word glamour? I can’t say this is what I was thinking of,” I said, gesturing at my bandages and my IV. I lifted my head and looked out through the windows. Outside, I saw the gray light of early morning. “Do you have to go?” I asked, sitting up on my bed.
“Yes.” He got up and smoothed his rumpled clothes. “But I’ll come back.”
That made me a little happier.
“Sounds like your parents are coming.” He headed for the balcony.
“Wait.” I rushed to him and wrapped my arms around his neck. “Thanks for staying,” I whispered in his ear. 
“I’ll be back,” Gideon whispered in return, and slipped out of my arms.
I turned to the door upon hearing my parents’ voices, and when I turned back to the balcony, Gideon was gone.
“Abigail! What are you doing out of bed? You need to lie down.” Until my mother rushed over and gingerly took my hands I’d almost forgotten my body was still covered in bandages. I felt no pain, and the bandages were now just there for show.
I played along, though, and let my mother help me back into my bed. My father watched me from across the room with haunted eyes. My mother looked from me to him and back again several times. Finally, she smoothed my hair from my face and said, “I’ll come back in a bit and help you pack,” before getting up to leave. 
“Pack?” I asked.
She took a moment to collect herself. “The CIA has a safe house in Santa Rosa, and they think it would be best for us to stay there for a couple of days while they stake this place out.”
“Leave? What about Felix?” 
“The coroner’s office has already come for him, honey. There will have to be an autopsy, but the police will release his body to his family in a couple more days,” my father answered. “In the meantime, we need to get to a safe place.”
“But school. And everything else.”
“Honey, everything will be fine,” my mother assured me. “We will be safe there. We’ll leave this afternoon, and as soon as the Agency says we can come back, we will.” Her voice sounded much less confident than her words, and I knew there was more that they weren’t telling me.
“There are more of them, aren’t there?”
My parents didn’t answer, but their silence told me everything I needed to know.
“I’ll just get started on the packing, shall I?” My mother walked out and closed the door behind her.
I assumed she was leaving so Dad and I could have a moment, but I couldn’t even bring myself to make eye contact with him. I had a lot of questions for him. I also had a lot of answers for him.
“When I was a young boy,” my father said into the awkward silence, “I hated my father for not being there for me and my mother. He was always traveling for work.” I stared blankly at him. “I swore to myself I’d never go near any job with law enforcement,” he laughed, “and now look at me. I turned out just like him.”
“I think I understand that little boy,” I said, half wishing I hadn’t. “I’m sure all he wanted was his father.”
“Abigail, I am so sorry.” My father gently tried to take my hand. “I never wanted to put you through this.” 
I snatched my hand away. “Mom cries herself to sleep at night. She doesn’t think I know. Sometimes she never takes her sunglasses off because behind them her eyes are red.”
“Honey, I never meant—”
I cut him off. “But you did, Dad! You did!” I shouted. “I wanted a father, and Mom, she wanted a husband. When I was a kid, I was so happy I had a father. I pictured all the things we could do together.” I felt myself grimace. I needed this, even though I knew it was harsh. “I pictured us playing hide and seek. You would buy me a puppy. We would take long family vacations and you would go to all the PTA meetings at my school. You would never miss my birthday. Those dreams didn’t seem outlandish, but you never made any of them come true. Instead, you handed me a gun and a burden. Your burden.” 
“Honey, I know how you must have felt.”
“You don’t know how it felt! You have no idea what it’s like to be a little girl and having your father trust you with the duty to protect your mother and yourself. You have no idea how hard it was for me growing up trying to be everything you wanted me to be.” I saw the corner of his lip twitch, but I didn’t stop. He needed to hear it all. At least, I needed to get it out. “Sometimes I was so angry, and other times so sad and lonely, but I could never let those feelings out because I had to be strong. And I never complained about the life you gave me because I knew it wouldn’t make a difference. That little girl you gave a gun to? Maybe all she wanted was a Barbie doll and a princess dress. I mean, she didn’t, I didn’t, because I never was all that into Barbie, but the point? The point is you never even asked.
“This wasn’t how it was supposed to happen. I was supposed to make mistakes, and you were supposed to be there to fix them. It shouldn’t have been my job to fix your mistakes and live out the consequences of your choices. Now, I’m a killer.” I felt my throat dry up all of a sudden. “I killed those people, Dad, and now I can’t close my eyes for a second without seeing their faces and their blood.”
“Honey, I am so sorry.” My father took my hands once more. “I know sorry won’t fix this, and it won’t give you back your childhood or your innocence. I know I can never take back everything I put you through, but everything I did was because I wanted to protect you both.”
I knew he was telling the truth, and I understood him, but I was still not ready to forgive him.
“If I had it all to do over again, I’d do everything differently.”
“The thing with do-overs is they don’t exist. A wise man once told me second chances are just another chance to screw up.” 
His jaw was tight, his lips nothing but a thin line. “Can you forgive me?” he asked. When I didn’t respond, he eventually walked out. What could he say?
I wanted to call him back and tell him that I forgave him, and that if he hadn’t asked me to train I wouldn’t have been able to save Mom and Ben, but I didn’t. Because he’d also once said: Forgiveness should be earned, not asked for.












TURNING POINT
Gideon

So, you spent the night with Abigail?” Valoel asked as soon as I returned to my room. She was standing beside my scope, in my room. Pushing all my buttons.
“Are you spying on me now?”
“I’m your bratty little sister, remember? Spying on you is my job.”
“Well, if you were spying you saw that nothing happened. Nothing, Val. I don’t have feelings for this human. Now get out of my room and leave me alone.”
Val made no move to leave whatsoever. “Let me get this straight. You stayed and comforted her the whole night, but you’re certain you have no feelings for her?”
“Yes. I mean no. I mean, yes, I’m certain I don’t have feelings for her!” I shouted, and the scope caught fire.
“You sure? You don’t hide your feelings well. You just got angry and managed to set something on fire. Subtlety ain’t your thing, brother dear.” Val put out the flames with an excruciatingly smug expression on her face. Oh, to be an only child.
“Fine, I’ll prove it!” And with a snap, I found myself crouching near the dock in Abigail’s back yard.
I could see Tristan hanging about in the background behind Abigail and her parents. 
Hello, Gideon. Tristan forced his thoughts into my head when he saw me.
I pretended not to hear him as I tried to come up with a plan to get rid of Abigail. I simply had to prove to Valoel that I didn’t have feelings for this, this… human. I didn’t care if Tristan was there or not. I’d just have to kill her and get Valoel off my back, the sooner, the better.
I still didn’t have a feasible plan to kill Abigail. I blamed Tristan, who had moved a little closer to me, close enough that I could hear him humming under his breath. I couldn’t concentrate for more than ten seconds with him distracting me like that.
Will you just shut up? I finally thought-shouted at him. He didn’t seem alarmed. He just gave me a shrug and a little smirk, a carefree expression that told me he was used to my outbursts, and they no longer bothered him.
While I stood around fuming and trying to come up with a creative little murder plot, two cars, each filled with body doubles for the members of the Cells family, headed out through the gates. Decoys, I realized. I wasn’t the only danger Abby was facing.
On the dock, the real Abigail was loading a small overnight bag onto a Wellcraft Martinique, talking to her father without actually making eye contact with him, “I know what I said, Dad, and, well, I just wanted to apologize for blaming you.”
Her father hugged her. “I don’t blame you, not anymore. I’m happy you had me study hand-to-hand combat and trained me with firearms, because if you hadn’t, I don’t know what would have happened.” She sounded sincere.
Her mother joined the hug. “Don’t leave me out,” she said, and they all laughed. It didn’t even sound like nervous laughter. 
“Um, I can’t breathe,” Abigail croaked. Her parents laughed again, but they didn’t let go of her. “I’m serious,” she coughed out. This time they let go of her and laughed some more.
I watched them as they and their bodyguards clambered onto the boat from the dock, and Tristan watched me. I thought of making an obscene gesture or two at him, but it seemed a waste of my time. He could read my mind. He knew exactly what I thought of him. 
An agent on board the little boat was handing Mr. Cells a set of keys, and the two talked back and forth to one another, but I couldn’t hear them over the noise of the engine. As the engine got louder the men’s gestures got more and more broad and exaggerated, so that eventually they looked like mimes. 
I stared after them as they pulled away and headed out into the bay, and noticed that Tristan was dividing his attention between them and a pretty girl who had wandered up to him while walking her dog on the beach. As they chatted, the dog pulled on his leash, pointing his nose out toward the water. And then another nose. And another.
Oh, crap. I only knew one pretty girl with a three-headed dog. 
D.
D was watching Abby.
For a second my heart filled with ice water. I didn’t think, I didn’t hesitate. I flew out to her, wings flapping wildly, because I had to be sure she was safe. I couldn’t imagine ever breathing again if she were not. 
“Gideon!” Abigail shouted. Crap. I whirled around and saw my reflection in the little boat’s windshield. Crap crap crap. I quickly turned myself invisible.
Too late. Too late. Did the driver see me? Was he startled by Abigail’s shouting? Whatever the reason, the boat turned at too steep an angle, and nearly rolled. The Cells and their heavily-armed bodyguards were tipped into the sea, while the boat spun in smaller and smaller circles around them. 
I turned to see what Tristan was doing and, to my great surprise, he was staring at me incredulously. Her guardian angel!
What the hell are you doing, Tristan? Why aren’t you saving her?
Well, my excuse is that I’m testing a theory. What’s yours? Why aren’t you saving her? He asked calmly.
I couldn’t believe that Tristan was doing nothing. I could feel panic welling up in my chest, muscling my lungs and heart out of the way and making itself comfortable. I was confused. Panic? That can’t be mine. I must be channeling Tristan’s feelings. He would be panicked. I would be, well, crap. I was panicked. When I looked back at Tristan, though, he was still wearing his horrid half-smile. I made a note to smack him good and hard as soon as I got the chance. 
I was imagining the sweet, sweet feeling of bloodying His Royal Highness’s noble nose when I heard Abigail’s scream. Worse, half a scream, with the other half swallowed up by the dark and unforgiving sea. In that split second, I saw the end—a world without Abigail.
I have to save her! No, actually, I don’t. But I must! My own thoughts confused me. Goddammit!
I could see Abby’s tiny fragile human hand clawing at the surface of the water. Off to my right, her mother had been thrown free. Abby, though, was still in danger of being run over by the wildly circling boat. I reached out to her. She didn’t reach back.
Why should she? She couldn’t see me.
I didn’t know how I would get her out of the churning water without her cooperation. I snapped my fingers and turned my body visible. Abigail’s shock seemed to double when she saw me. I didn’t have time for any explanations.
“Come on, Abby. Trust me.” I tried to pull her out of the water. She glanced at her family, and for a moment she fought me. I pressed my lips to her forehead and took her into my arms as though she were a sick little girl. She dug her fingers painfully into my shoulders, just above where the wings attached, and closed her eyes.
I flew Abigail to dry land. Further down the shore D was flipping over a form on her clipboard. She reached behind her ear for her pen, and I wrapped my wings around Abby, as though that might hide her from D’s sight. I didn’t know where Tristan was. I barely knew where I was. All I could feel was Abby, thrumming, thankfully, thrumming with life. I held on to her. I couldn’t not hold on.
But behind me I heard the whine of the boat’s engine, and a few horrible thumping noises. I knew Abigail was not the only person who needed saving, and I knew how much pain she was going to be in if something happened to her family. I let her go, and went back to the boat. I couldn’t see anyone. I was supposed to be so powerful, but right now? I pushed the thought from my head and dove under the gray water’s surface.
The more I tried, the more I realized there was nothing I could do. All the lives I’d taken, and now, I couldn’t even save a handful. I thought of how many people Tristan had saved over the years, and cursed him for not managing to save a few more right now. I thought I’d hated him before, but today, I learned to truly hate him. Every feather, every smug little grin.
On the shore, I heard Abigail begin to cry, and I started to feel horribly, mortally weak. I knew that if I wanted, I could feed off her pain and become stronger, but I resisted doing that, and my pain consequently increased. 
I caught sight of Tristan, and he was no longer trying to taunt me. I could see that he was aching inside. Well, he left Abby. Let him ache.
“Gideon?” Abigail called out. Tristan flinched to hear her call out to me. I was beside her in a flash, forgetting for the moment all my confusion and pain. I wanted so much to take her hands and tell her everything was going to be all right, but I couldn’t, and with that thought, I collapsed unto my knees. 
Tristan was immediately beside me, trying to help me up. “Stay away from me!” I yelled, pushing at his ice-white wings. 
He backed away, his hands up in surrender.
The theory I had—it was that if I stayed away just a second too long, you would save her… and I guess I was right. For a moment it seemed as though he might be hoping for my approval, but the moment passed and he flew back to Abigail.
My vision dimmed, and narrowed down to a single shimmering point. A single glimmer of light, featureless and flickering. I was about to give in to a wave of dizziness when I felt a cold wet nose press against my hand. A snuffling noise brought me back to reality.
D’s dog. “D, you know I’m normally glad to see you, but I have to ask . Why are you here?” I tried looking over her shoulder to see her paperwork, but she ducked away from me in a huff.
“I’m here for a Brian Cells.”
I must be more horrible than even I imagined, because for a moment, that news brought me pure unadulterated joy. Not Abby! Oh no. Abby’s father. The joy drained away.
“No, no, D, you can’t take him. That’s Abigail’s father,” I told her, almost babbling. “If you take him, Abigail will be, um, she’ll be sad.”
One of my finest speeches, ladies and gentlemen.
“Gideon, I have to take him. And anyway, what do you care?” I had no answer for that. D put her pen back behind her ear in a casual manner that somehow seemed obscene under the circumstances. “Anyway, his name has already been crossed out because he’s already dead.”
“No! You have to give him back. There has to be a way. I’ll do anything.” I grabbed her hand to make my point. “You name it, I’ll do it.”
“Gideon, I can’t bring him back. Once his soul leaves his body, it’s too late. Besides, do you think that telling me someone will be sad could ever keep me from my work? I’d never get anything done, you know.” I had never heard her speak to me in this snitty little tone before. Then again, I’d never challenged her before. “I don’t understand why there’s so much sadness involved, anyway. I’m not out to hurt anyone. I’m just Death. I’m just there. I’m there at the end of an adventure, yes, but I’m also around at what is likely the beginning of another one.”
D was still talking, but she really wasn’t talking to me anymore. This was fine, because I wasn’t really listening as well as I could be. I liked D, but I didn’t share her view that she didn’t deserve to be thought of as a source of fear. Thinking of Abigail’s loss, the weird finality of it, left me very much afraid. There was fear. Fear, and something else. 
“This is my fault,” I said, more to myself than to D. “This whole thing is my fault.” 
“Your fault? Did you cause the accident?” D asked.
“I think I did,” I whispered, and for the first time in my life, I felt like a monster.






DAMAGED
Abigail

“Politicians start wars. 
Men fight wars.
Governments win wars.
But the innocents loses war
For it is them who hurts the most.”


My father was gone. He was dead because I’d been seeing things that weren’t supposed to be real.
The CIA has a simple monument to fallen agents on one of the white marble walls of its Langley, Virginia headquarters. A star is carved into the wall for each agent killed in the line of duty, unmarked by any name or identification. Agents are anonymous even in death. 
Dad wasn’t killed in a suicide bombing overseas or shot in the line of duty, so there was no official fanfare for him, not even a modest little star on the CIA Memorial Wall.
My mother didn’t want to risk her husband’s funeral turning into a media circus, so she arranged a small memorial service open only to our immediate family. Dad’s body had never been recovered, so there was no casket, no urn. Instead, we filled a small granite box with little trinkets that reminded us of him and buried it at sea. I put in a boxing glove. Logan had sent a card explaining that he knew Dad hated flowers but loved Mexican food accompanying a bouquet of cilantro, which brought a smile to my face despite the lump in my throat. We put both into the box, crushing the cilantro a bit to make it fit. Mom added a pencil topped with an ugly little troll doll sporting a tuft of bright purple hair. I’d never seen it before, and didn’t know the story behind it. It was a reminder that they had shared a life and a love together before I’d ever come along.
My friends didn’t even know that my father had died. None of them other than Gideon had ever even met him. I didn’t have anyone to turn to except my mother, and I couldn’t really turn to her. I couldn’t even look at her without feeling guilty. She hadn’t stopped crying since she’d learned he didn’t survive the crash. I hadn’t cried at all since I’d learned it.
Even when I stood on the deck and watched my father’s little granite box sink into the waves the tears wouldn’t come. My heart was filled, not with pain, but with emptiness. At least no one dared tell me to cry.
The CIA assured us after interrogating Andrei that we were likely safe now that my father was gone. Andrei and his post-Cold-War ilk apparently felt few or none of Dad’s secret contacts were known to us, because he’d shared none of his work, and little of his time, with us. Since we clearly had no useful information, and coming for us was no longer a way to manipulate him, we had nothing more to fear. Much as I’d missed him when he was away and resented that he was never home, his near-constant absence had kept us safe.
There were still paparazzi and the slings and arrows of outrageous celebrity, so Mom kept Ben on, along with a few other select bodyguards, for which I was secretly glad. Bodyguards had become a fixture in my life. With so many other things falling away, it was nice to have at least one thing remain constant.
In the days after the funeral I refused to go inside, staying outside on the field where we had trained, the only place I felt connected to my father. Even here, as I spent hour after hour target shooting, the tears wouldn’t fall. 
“Miss Cells, you haven’t eaten anything at all today,” Ben said as he came down from the main house. “Are you—”
I fired over Ben’s voice to drown it out. I just didn’t want to hear yet another person ask me if I was all right. I knew if I heard that question one more time I would do something I’d regret. I just wanted to keep on shooting and let the noise shut out the rest of the world. 
My father was really gone. He was never coming back. Everyone was sad. Everyone was crying.
Everyone except me. My father used to say tears are a luxury we can’t afford to waste. I didn’t think I’d listened all that well, but I guess I had.
Ben reached out a hand to take my weapon. “Your father wouldn’t want you to starve yourself.”
“My father is dead.” My voice lacked the emotion I knew should be there, but I was numb. Numb, and maybe angry.
I wanted to scream and scream until my throat couldn’t take it anymore, but oddly, it felt like it would just take more energy than I had. I didn’t have it in me to do any screaming. Too much effort. I sat on the ground, angry at the world, angry at everyone including myself.
“Abigail, honey, please come eat something.” My mother’s pleading voice was what made me finally get up. I walked past her and went to my room without acknowledging her. I knew I was hurting her by ignoring her, but how could I ever face her after I’d taken the love of her life away from her?
I closed myself in my bathroom and splashed cold water on my face, and it was then that tears finally ran down my cheeks. I sank to the floor and cried and cried, wishing I’d died instead of my father.
When I closed my bloodshot and tear-swollen eyes that night, I prayed. I prayed that I would wake up and everything would be as it should be. I prayed for my mother, my friends, and my family.
Come morning, none of my prayers were answered.
My father used to say, “Goodbyes are sad, but they are temporary. Just as hellos end with goodbyes, so will goodbyes end with hellos.”
So, I closed my eyes and whispered, “Father, until I see you again, hello and goodbye.”



BROKEN STRINGS
Gideon

It had been a long week. I hadn’t meant to stay away from Earth, but I had. When I’d gone to check in on Abigail, she had been raw and vulnerable, with pain and sadness radiating out from her in waves. When I stood invisibly beside her I could feel those waves wash over me. It should have been exhilarating. But Abby’s pain did not strengthen me. It left me wincing. I didn’t understand any of it. It was easier to stay away. 
D brought me home with her after the accident in the Bay, and was calm and patient with me while I sulked and refused to return to Earth. 
We spent afternoons—well, what could best be described as afternoons in D’s timeless realm—lazing about in a meadow full of asphodels, throwing sticks for Spot. It cheered me up a little to tease him, throwing two sticks at once in two different directions and seeing his heads scrabble with one another over which one to chase. 
“Spot?” 
“Well, I keep updating his name,” she said, scratching the dog’s massive belly. “Sarvarā and Ḱerberos were fine a few thousand years back, but honestly, they mean “spotty,” so why not just use Spot? He doesn’t mind.”
“The guardian of the Underworld has a dog named Spot.”
“Always have.”
“Whatever, D.”
It wasn’t enough, though, to get Abigail out of my mind, so I went out hunting. I knew a few gory deaths would help lift my spirits. Of course, I didn’t kill just to forget her; it was also to convince myself that I was still the same old hateful Gideon. I wasn’t entirely convinced, either, because even if I was the same old hateful Gideon, I wasn’t the same old cheerful Gideon.
Finally, I decided to go back to the dock behind Abby’s house, just to clear my thoughts. Wouldn’t you know it, someone else’s thoughts managed to force their way into my head.
Gideon, how have you been? Tristan. Crap.
Bite me, Golden Boy.
I think I’ll pass.
I caught a flicker of Tristan’s emotions, though I could tell he was uncomfortable and closed off that part of his mind to me after only a few seconds. I only caught a fraction of the pain he was in, and was surprised at its burning intensity, since, by the look on his face, I would have assumed all was calm within. It had never occurred to me that he might suffer, probably because, well, it would never have occurred to me to care. Sheesh, what else had I gone without noticing?
So, where have you been? And there he went again, acting like nothing was wrong.
Did you talk to your parents about whatever this connection with us is?
He gave me a brief rundown of his conversation with Beraht and Charmeine. Very brief, because he’d learned nothing. Why don’t you ask your father? He seemed hesitant to ask.
I can’t ask my father. We don’t ask each other personal questions. We don’t talk much at all, and he hardly acknowledges my existence. He’s afraid of me, just like everyone else. 
I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to—
Tristan didn’t try to continue, and I didn’t ask him to.
“Dad!” Abigail’s voice startled both of us. She was standing on the shore, looking out over the water. “I am so sorry! This is all my fault.” Both Tristan and I turned to her. 
“No, Abigail.” I didn’t know what came over me, but I was beside her in a flash, and to my great surprise, I was visible. It is only by the sheerest luck that I was not dripping with the blood of my latest kill. Things might have gone quite differently if I had been.
“Gideon,” she cried, and whirled to face me.
“Are you OK?” I tried to keep my worry from her, but it was all there in my voice. Damn. All my curiosity was probably evident, too. I didn’t know why she wasn’t shouting at me for answers. 
“No, I’m not. They’re both gone because of me.” Her eyes weren’t focused on me. They weren’t focused on anything.
“No, it’s not your fault.” 
“Yes, it is. You were there.” She paused. “It was you, right?”
I nodded in agreement.
“How did you…?” She took a quick breath, and I realized the questions were forming in her mind.
“You should go back in the house, Abby.” 
“You’re not going to tell me why you saved me?”
“I didn’t save you, Abigail.” Immediately her sadness was replaced by confusion.
“What are you talking about?” 
I didn’t know how exactly to tell her that I’d actually failed in an attempt to murder her.
“What are you talking about, Gideon?” 
“I didn’t save you, Abigail,” I started. “I tried to kill you. I just didn’t do a very good job of it.” She took a cautious step back.
“You tried to kill me?” She was shaken by the news, but her eyes said she wasn’t about to run away, at least not until she got some answers.
“Abby, I didn’t want—”
“Why?” She cut me off, putting on a brave expression even though her voice shook.
I looked away, afraid to hold her gaze for too long. “Because it’s what I do.” I hoped she would take that simple answer and let me go, but I knew her too well, and I knew she wouldn’t.
“What you do? You can’t leave that hanging, Gideon. Explain yourself.”
“There is no explanation. It’s what I do.” 
Abigail still stood waiting for an answer. I had no idea how to put anything into words. In the end, I took a few steps back from her and raised my body into the air.
Abigail’s eyes opened wide, the fear and anger in them replaced with wonder. “You can fly? How?” 
I gave her an apologetic look before transforming into the real me. My black hair rippled. My features coarsened and my eyes flared in brilliant gold. Behind me, my huge dark wings were outstretched, wider than a vulture’s, darker than a raven’s. To make sure Abigail would run away from me in fear, I put on a mean and scary face. 
Tristan giggled. Apparently it wasn’t as mean and scary as I’d hoped.
Abigail did take a step back. “You’re an angel?” Her voice was barely above a whisper, but she wasn’t running away. What was wrong with her? “But angels don’t exist. And your wings; your wings are…”
I waited for her to say dark, but she didn’t.
Behind her, Tristan was no longer giggling. He didn’t speak, didn’t even bother to tell me I wasn’t allowed to reveal our existence to a human. Then again, Abigail couldn’t be a human. If she were, she’d have been sent completely crackers. 
“Abby.” I flew down, and then hid my wings, smoothed my features into a more human form. She took a fearful step back. Finally, she was afraid. Afraid of me. That was what I wanted, right?
I took a step back myself, and raised my hands to let her know I wasn’t there to hurt her. Instead of turning away, she actually inched a little closer to me.
“Why save me if you wanted to kill me?”
I didn’t know how to answer her question. 
“Why?” she demanded, her voice harder. 
“I don’t know.” But I think I did know. Valoel certainly did. 
I decided to force her to run. I took a step closer to her, trying to look menacing. I refused to look at Tristan, just in case I wasn’t pulling off the whole menacing thing. “You know, some creatures don’t care about this world of yours. They would rather watch the weak suffer and feed on them until their last glimmer of life is swallowed up. Right now, I know of only one of such creature, and you are looking at him.”
Abigail trembled, and began to back away in earnest. Tristan watched us carefully, but made no attempt to step in and save her. What kind of a poor excuse for a guardian angel was he, anyway?
“What are you?”
I pushed my doubts and whatever those other feelings I had were aside and smiled cruelly before answering her question. “I am your guardian angel. Well, almost your guardian angel. Tristan is the real guardian, I—”
“Wait. Tristan?” she interrupted in surprise. She looked up as if she hoped to see Tristan hovering above us. “So Tristan is an angel, too?” 
“Yes. He’s your guardian angel. His job is to guide you from harm, and mine is to put you into harm’s way,” I answered without thinking. 
“To kill me.” 
“Actually, that’s not the way it usually works. Um, yeah, not usually.”
“You said you were trying to kill me.”
“Erm. Yeah. I was.”
Her eyes narrowed. “Try me. Go ahead.” 
I no longer had any idea what was going on. The situation had completely escaped me. I was halfway into a shrug when Tristan knocked me back into the breakwater. Its heavy stones flew like so many kicked Lego blocks.
And then Abigail was screaming my name and rushing to my side.
“Oh, no. Gideon!” She tried to help me up. “Are you all right?” 
Was I all right? She was asking me if I was all right when I’d just told her I’d wanted to kill her? 
“Don’t touch me!” I shouted at both her and Tristan, who was invisible beside her. 
“He will be fine,” Tristan proclaimed in an angelic voice, a voice more like that of a choir than an individual. Abigail whipped her head around, searching for the source of the voice. 
“Tristan,” she called. “Is that you?”
For all the drama of the moment, I had to work not to laugh at the sheepish look on Tristan’s face at being recognized. 
“Don’t ever tempt me again, Abby,” I said, in my most badass thundering bass. “I’m not that strong.”
“I don’t deserve to live!” she shouted, looking out at the water, at the scene of the accident. “I killed him. I don’t deserve to live. You should kill me. Please. Oh, God. Please.”
“You didn’t kill him, Abby.” Moment of truth. “I did.” I watched as her anger turned to confusion, then pain. “What’s more, I was the one who pushed you from your balcony. I was the one who caused the accident on your way to the concert. And I was the one who distracted you and took your father away from you.” 
I watched as her face contorted in anguish. I told myself it was better for her to hate me than to know I tried to save her father and failed.
“Leave,” she hissed, her anger aimed at both Tristan and me. “LEAVE! And please don’t come back.” 
I thought I should offer an answer, but I just didn’t know what it could be. I spread my wings, and I left, just as she’d asked.

















ACHILLES’ HEEL
Abigail

“The most dangerous lies aren’t the ones they tell you.
The most dangerous lies are the ones you tell yourself,
and they are the ones that hurt the most.”


I finally hit rock bottom. It was actually nice to have firm ground beneath my feet. Go figure.
I didn’t think I could be hurt any more deeply, but hearing Gideon say he killed my father was actually able to make it worse. It had been horrible to think that his death had been a senseless accident, a waste. To hear someone take credit for it? To hear that it was planned? Was malicious? “He’s appalling,” I said aloud, flopping onto the nest of pillows at the head of my bed.
“He’s been like that since he was eleven child,” Tristan replied. I’d almost forgotten he was there. He had already been in my room when I’d entered and had refused to leave, explaining that as my guardian angel he wasn’t supposed to leave, and was particularly reluctant now that I’d made Gideon angry.
I made Gideon angry? Just because he’d told me he wanted to kill me and had confessed to murdering my father? I had no comment for that, at least nothing that could be repeated in print. 
Hatred didn’t quite define what I felt for Gideon. Hatred would have been simpler. This was compounded by the fact that I’d let myself trust him, and, yes, because I’d let myself feel for him. Whatever it was that was boiling inside my chest was a little bit more bitter for having that tinge of heat and sweetness to it.
Damn him. Or maybe he was damned already. I tried to make sense of everything Tristan was going on and on about: guardian angels, Lumens, Grands, flying, an Apocalypse. It all swirled together into a blur that seemed half surreal and half, well, bullshit. It seemed somehow even less believable because the whole conversation was taking place in my same old room, next to my same old window and same old closet. That everyday world did not seem like it could contain all this… this.
“So do you have wings, too?”
“Yes.”
 “Are they shiny and black, like… like his?”
“No. Mine are white.”
“Why black and white?”
I kept up the questions until late into the night. “The most evil, you say? When he was only a child?”
Gideon was even worse than I’d imagined. “I know this is a lot to take in.” Tristan took my hand. 
“A lot to take in? You think so?” My voice sounded fragile and foreign to my own ears, even under the sarcasm. I didn’t like it. I didn’t like feeling vulnerable or broken, even less when there was a witness to it. “I think I’d like to get some rest now.” I still had my hand in Tristan’s.
“Of course. I can help if you’d like.”
I heard a snap of his fingers, and suddenly I was under my covers with my head on my pillow. Tristan was still holding my hand. 
Don’t freak out. I tried to breathe. Don’t freak out. I found a new mantra.
“I’ll be here when you wake up.”
Tristan tried to leave, but I took hold of his hand, stopping him. I wanted him to stay with me.
“Lie here with me,” I said, making room on the bed for him. “At least until I fall asleep.”
Tristan took the space I offered, letting me lean against him, and began humming an otherworldly song. I nestled my head into his shoulder and breathed deep. He smelled of dust and violets.
“You’re going to be all right, I promise,” he murmured. Then he kissed my forehead and pulled me close. I still felt vulnerable, but in Tristan’s arms, I felt safe.

“ABIGAIL, YOU DON’T have to do this,” Tristan said as he pulled his school bag over his shoulders.
I faked a smile. “Yes I do. I can’t stay home forever crying for my father.”
Last night, my mother had come into my room with dinner. She couldn’t tell that I had company, thank goodness. She just saw me, alone, curled up under all of my blankets, staring blankly at my hands. “Abby, it’s been more than a week since Dad and Felix…” Her voice hitched, and she paused to stop herself from crying. Still she continued, “We are barely alive, and I’m sure they wouldn’t want us hiding away like this.”
We spent an hour or so sharing stories, alternately laughing and sniffling, and when she bid me goodnight and asked if I was going to be all right, I told her I would be just fine. It was a lie, but I had gotten used to saying the words for my mother’s sake. She’d worked so hard to protect me all my life. I wondered if she knew I was working at protecting her now. I hoped she didn’t. 
And so when morning came it seemed important to make the effort to go to school, to show Mom I was going to stop, as she put it, hiding away. I’d expected to be tired my first day back, and I’d expected to feel a bit overwhelmed in my classes until I got myself caught up on the material I’d missed, but I hadn’t anticipated all the awkward conversations the day would bring. Many people expressed their condolences for what had happened to my bodyguards, not knowing that the man who had drowned was actually my father. I wanted to tell them, and my jaw ached from holding the words back over and over again. Holding it in was more tiring than the sleepless nights.
More tiring still was looking over my shoulder all day wondering if Gideon would be there. As I took my seat for each class I kept looking at the door, silently hoping that Gideon wouldn’t show up. He didn’t, and while I was pleased, none of my friends knew that, nor could they begin to guess why. His long absence had left them worried, just as mine had.
Jake tried calling his phone a few times to check on him, but never received an answer. I didn’t bother to tell them that I thought he was gone for good, How could I even start that conversation? “Forget him, guys. He flew away.”
When Ben arrived at the end of the day to drive me home I fell asleep before we were even out of the parking lot. He shook me awake when we were inside the gates and offered to help me carry my ton of books and built-up assignments into the house, but I shooed him off and headed out to the back field, hoping to get my mind off the day and my father and my evil guardian angel with some calisthenics or some target practice. Tristan protested. 
“Abby, you can’t afford to jump back into your old training schedule when you’re unfocused. You could get hurt.”
“I don’t care if I get hurt.”
“I care, and I couldn’t bear it if something were to happen to you.” He looked sad and sincere. 
“Fine. One arrow. That’s it, and then I’ll go in,” I promised, seeing how troubled he seemed. He visibly relaxed, and I found myself wondering if his wings got tensed up under stress the way human shoulders did. When I looked back to ask him, he was gone. 
I tore a sheet of paper from one of my notebooks and scribbled “I love you, Dad” on it. I wrapped it around one of my arrows and sent it whizzing out into the sea. Then I put away the archery equipment, just as I’d promised, and headed in to start on my homework.
One day down.
The next several days passed in a blur. Classes and fake smiles during the school day, nodding appreciatively at some of my mother’s new sketches in the evenings. The early mornings saw her chatting on the telephone to suppliers in Italy, ordering fabric and generally keeping herself too busy to think or remember. 
After a while I stopped anxiously watching the door at the beginning of class, worrying Gideon would walk through. I wasn’t even all that bothered when my friends mentioned him. I was simply happy that he wasn’t at school, and that my life seemed to be slipping back into a rhythm that was almost normal.
One afternoon after school Tristan asked if I wanted to get ice cream with him. Sarah and the boys had other plans, and he and I needed to work on our Titanic presentation, so I said yes, and asked Ben to drop the two of us at Shoreline Park. I put on a hat and oversize sunglasses and was able to avoid any attention from paparazzi and Tristan and I had a relaxing walk, looking out over Belvedere Cove. We spent more time talking nonsense than talking about our assignment, and I was glad for the break. He bought me an ice cream but didn’t buy one for himself, starting in on a long and detailed angels-don’t-eat explanation before I cut him off. I even found myself laughing while we were together. 
When Ben and I got home, my mother was in the kitchen with Morgan, and they were talking and laughing. The house sounded alive and lived-in again. 
“What’s going on here?” I asked when I joined them.
“Dinner. We’re making cookies, too,” my mother said as she leaned over to give me a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
“Dinner and cookies.” I looked behind her to the kitchen counter, which was topped with all sorts of food. “Are we having a party?” I asked.
“No, just dinner,” Morgan answered. “We might have gone a little overboard.”
“You’d better not go back to the studio with cookies on your breath, Mom. Those poor models will hate you with a burning passion.” I put my school bag down on one of the chairs. “Can I help?” I asked.
“You could have helped if you’d got home an hour ago. You missed your chance. Just where have you been?”
“I left a message on your voice-mail, Mom. I have a project I’m working on with Tristan. We decided to work over ice cream.”
“Ice cream and then dinner and cookies? And you’re still that gorgeous? The models are going to hate you with a burning passion.”
“Let ‘em come at me. I can take any one of them. They only weigh about as much as a fourth grader.”
“Be nice. Wash up and grab a cookie.”
I washed my hands and joined my mother and Morgan. I knew they were trying to move on, but the trying was obvious in each word and each studied laugh. All of us were struggling to manufacture a little piece of normalcy. Ben joined us at the table, setting his glass of iced tea down while he put together a place setting for himself. He pulled out a chair and arranged his flatware, and we realized that he had closed his glass of tea away in the cupboard. 
Somehow, that abandoned glass of tea broke the spell. The moment was more real than the carefully-planned offerings of cookies, and the laughter that it brought was genuine. Suddenly, the air in the room felt more full of oxygen. We were all a bit lighter. We talked about my father and Felix without crying, and smiled at our memories.
We weren’t pain free, and we weren’t a fully-functioning family again, but we could feel that it was possible. It was progress.
The days flowed on like that for a while: Danny complained about calculus and asked Sarah for help; My mother spent an hour or two with me looking up wild rumors about ourselves on gossip websites; Mom and one of her designers pinned up muslin mock-ups of a few new patterns on Sarah; And best of all, when Jake tried calling Gideon to check on him, there was no answer. 
A Monday morning arrived on which I actually felt all right.
“Napoleon not only—” Mr. Bernard started into his lecture, but he was interrupted by the classroom door creaking open.
I didn’t have to look at the door to know who stood behind it, because my heart started pounding. Even though he had been far from my mind, my body still reacted wildly to his presence.
“Mr. Chase,” Mr. Bernard said, looking at his watch, “you’re late.”
“Traffic,” Gideon answered. I refused to look at him. 
“Indeed. See me after class.”
I didn’t move my eyes away from my desk, and when the bell rang, I quickly started packing my books and supplies for the next class. 
“Gideon,” I heard Jake calling, “man, where have you been? We missed you.”
“I took a sick day.” 
“It was more like a sick week or three,” Sarah chimed in.
“Lunch time! People, are you coming?” Danny jostled past me as he spoke. I kept my eyes riveted to my books as I finished packing my bag. 
“Abby, you coming?” Jake asked, offering to help me carry my things.
“Hmm…actually, I’m not feeling so well. I’m going to call Ben to come take me home.” I took out my phone and started to dial.
“You’re sick?” Sarah asked. She put her hand on my forehead. “But, you were fine before.”
“And now I’m sick.” I pulled away from her a little too abruptly, and reminded myself to apologize to her tonight on the phone. “I’ll see you guys tomorrow.” With my head bowed, I rushed out of the classroom.
When I got out onto the school steps, Tristan was already there.
“You don’t have to leave. He won’t hurt you. I won’t allow him to,” he assured me.
Answering him would have meant talking about Gideon, which I didn’t want to do, so I said nothing. Tristan shrugged and waited with me until Ben pulled up to the curb, and then waved as the car drove off with me tucked safely inside.
When I got to my room, Tristan was there ahead of me. I really wasn’t up for company, but luckily, he didn’t push me to talk. I started in on my homework in silence.
The first book I got out of my bag turned out to be my history book, and seeing it brought back my first meeting with Gideon and how annoyed and frightened I’d been.
I found myself smiling at the memory.
Smiling.
When I realized what I was doing, I tossed the book away in frustration. It skidded along the floor to my night table. If there was anything I should have learned in my years of martial arts training it was to keep myself from lashing out like that, and embarrassment added itself to the muddle of sadness and anger and frustration. Crap.
I picked up the book and straightened the night table, and there, in front of me on the far side of the table, was the rose Gideon had given me. It was still as dewy and fresh as the day he’d given it to me, almost creepy in its perfection. 
The rose, that rose, still perfect when everything else in my world had gone to hell, was the last straw. I pulled it from its vase and slowly plucked away each petal, crushing them in my hands until my fingers were stained. I’d expected that to make me feel better than it did. 
“Abigail, stop.” Tristan said, taking the ruins of the flower from my hand.
I was getting impatient with Tristan and the pressing weight of his kindness. It felt intrusive and smothering, and I pushed him away. “Just leave me alone.”
“Calm down,” he said, tipping up my chin looking straight into my eyes. “You’re fine.” 
“No, I’m not! I’m not fine. I hate myself!”
“You hate yourself?” His voice was full of honest surprise. “Well, that just shows you’re not a very good judge of character. There’s not much to hate about you.”
“Come on, Tristan. I’m being serious.”
“So am I. Do you really expect me to believe you hate yourself?”
“Yes. I ruin everything. I’m the reason my father is dead. And it’s because of me that those innocent people were killed the day of the concert. Gideon was trying to kill me.”
“You didn’t hurt those people.”
But I knew he was wrong. If I hadn’t sneaked out to that concert, those people would still be alive. If I hadn’t shouted in the speedboat, my father would still be alive. I was the end cause of all those deaths. I was responsible.
“Why do you say I didn’t hurt anyone? Because Gideon took credit for their deaths? That doesn’t absolve me of all responsibility.”
“You’re reaching, Abigail. You feel guilty, but you know that guilt isn’t related to anything you actually did. It was Gideon whose actions harmed those people. Gideon. He’s the one who should be feeling guilty.”
“Then why do I feel like this? By all rights I should hate him, but…”
“You don’t hate him?”
“I don’t know!” I wanted to hate Gideon—I knew that I should—but I didn’t. I couldn’t. All the anger I felt was for me, not for him. “I don’t know what I’m feeling, but whatever it is, it’s not hatred.”



























KRYPTONITE
Gideon

“This my friends, is how
 ‘too good to be true’, looks like.”


Seriously, why weren’t evil people born with a nice convenient button to push so they could shut out the feelings they didn’t want? 
“So what have you got to say for yourself?” Valoel sniffed, staring me down like a schoolteacher from the corner of my bedroom ceiling. She seemed to be everywhere nowadays. “Why are you killing every single creature you stumble upon here in Grands?” She shook her head sadly. “Do you really think you can get over Abigail by taking innocent souls?” 
I flew out my window without bothering to answer her. She could have my room, just like I had given Earth to Abigail. They could have everything I had. I just wanted my life back, my normal life—the life I had that allowed me to not care, the life that hadn’t make me long for a human, especially one who hated me.
I no longer denied it when Valoel say I had romantic feelings for Abigail. I didn’t understand what I felt for her, but I no longer wanted to kill her. Truth was, I missed her and I wanted to be around her. I wanted to make her laugh and be happy. I didn’t know what that said about me, but I really didn’t want to interpret it.
I flew to the Underworld to see D again, since she was the only true friend I had. I think I could have been good friends with Basligon, who was said to be the most evil angel other than me, but since Basligon died a century ago, I was stuck with D. 
I stood near one of the gates of the Underworld, calling out to D in hopes that she would hear me and come out to play. “D, let’s go kill something!” I shouted.
She heard me. 
“I was about to grab some lunch. Come along with me.” D linked her arm through mine congenially and headed for Earth. I wanted to tell her I was avoiding the place, but I didn’t want her to know that I had a weakness, and that it wasn’t Tristan: it was a human.
I was sure D and I killed someone on that little luncheon trip, but I couldn’t remember how we got there or what we did. Normally a nice bout of murder will lift my spirits, but I couldn’t even remember any details. Eventually D had said her goodbyes and told me she had to go to work, and I was alone. Alone on Earth.
I wanted to fly back home, but I didn’t want to leave without at least seeing Abigail and reminding myself just exactly how much she hated me. I flew to her mansion and invisibly entered her room.
“It’s ruined,” Abigail was saying, holding a broken stem that was all that remained of the rose I had given her. I should have left when I saw those petals scattered on the floor at her feet, but I didn’t.
I wondered what had happened as I glanced around her messy room, and I almost asked Tristan, the busybody, since he was always there, but for once he didn’t seem to notice me. I watched him sit beside Abby on the floor. “It’s not ruined,” he said, waving his hand over the petals, and the rose magically came back together, the petals falling into their places. It was beautiful, just as it was meant to be.
“I hate feeling like this.” Abigail took the rose from Tristan. “He killed my father, you know. He wants me dead as well. I shouldn’t be feeling this way.”
I felt the stirring of a strange emotion somewhere between my liver and my heart. Was it regret? No, it couldn’t be. Me? Regret?
“Everything is going to work out somehow,” Tristan promised. Even I, who didn’t believe him, felt like he was talking to me. “I promise you.”
I wanted to be the one comforting her, but looking at her and Tristan, I saw that she needed him in that moment more than she needed me. I saw that although she was sad, she was safe with Tristan. This made me want to strangle him. Even more than I normally wanted to strangle him, the prat.
Watching Tristan comfort Abigail, and doing a better job of it than I could ever have done, I decided to go home. At the very least I wanted to go somewhere desperately far from here. I wanted to call some friends, grab a six-pack of beer, order pizza, and then head off to a nightclub. I’m sure I’d have followed that very course, you know, if I’d had any friends, or any hankering for beer. Or any skill at dancing.
Crap.
I was about to fly off from the balcony when Abigail asked, “What do you want, Gideon?”
Crap again.
I quickly looked down at my hands to make sure I’d made myself invisible. I had. 
“What? Gideon? Is he here?” Tristan scanned the room until his eyes met mine. Crap crap crap.
“He’s here,” Abigail whispered, also looking around. “I know it because I can feel him.”
Tristan took Abigail’s hand and pulled her to her feet.
I made myself visible, and was pretty sure both of them could tell I was blushing just a bit. “I forgot you could do that.” Damn. Supervillains shouldn’t be embarrassed. They certainly shouldn’t blush.
“What more do you want, Gideon?” Abigail sighed. Now that she could see me, she looked me right in the eye, trying to be fearless. I wondered if she thought I was fooled on that score.
I saw pain in her eyes, and saw that I was responsible for that pain. I wasn’t surprised by any of that. I was surprised that it made me weak. The burning blush was gone, and I was left cold and clammy.
“Oh. Oh. Um, call me if you need me, Abby,” Tristan muttered, and disappeared. I was sure he wasn’t far away. Far enough to give us some privacy, perhaps, but close enough to come to Abigail’s rescue if I decided to hurt her.
“I know you told me to stay away,” I started. I tried to take a step closer to her, but she took one back, then another. “Look, I didn’t come here to hurt you, Abby.” 
“Why did you come back?” Her voice was cold, and so were her eyes.
“I couldn’t stay away.” My voice was much shakier and much less confident than I wanted it to be. I took another step closer to her, and this time she didn’t move.
“It’s only been three weeks.” Oh, no. She didn’t want me around. As much as I wanted to stay and talk with her, I realized I’d have to leave. Could I do that? Could I actually go?
“Three weeks?” I croaked. “Feels like centuries.” I took another step forward.
“I’m trying to forget you, Gideon.” 
I took her hand. “You should. I know you hate me, and—”
She cut me off. “That’s just it, Gideon.” She let go of my hand and stepped away. “I don’t hate you.”
Wait, what?
“Well, you should hate me, Abigail. I deserve to be hated. I hate myself for all I’ve put you through.” 
“Do you want me to hate you?” 
“No,” I answered honestly. A little spark of happiness sputtered and grew deep in my chest, which I tried to extinguish. I was evil. I wasn’t supposed to be happy.
“I know what you are,” Abigail said. “Tristan told me everything. I know you’re a killer.” She paused, fighting for words. “So am I.
“I tried to be scared of you. I tried to be angry with you. I tried to hate you I really did. I know I should. But I don’t, and I don’t know what that makes me.”
I thought it made her completely bonkers. Apparently she thought so, too.
“Tristan?” she called out, and in a second Tristan was beside her. I knew he hadn’t gone far enough to be out of snooping range. “Do you think I’m crazy?” 
Tristan laughed. “You lost me.” 
“I must be crazy, because after everything Gideon has done, after he took Dad…” 
“Stop right there. You’re not crazy, and Gideon didn’t kill your father.”
“What? He didn’t? But he said he did.”
“Of course. Abby, after he saved you, he went back for your father, but it was too late. He was already gone.”
“But the whole cause of the accident was my shouting, my seeing him!”
“That wasn’t intentional. He didn’t mean to scare you. He didn’t mean for you to see him.” I had almost forgotten that Tristan was there at the scene, and that he could read my thoughts.
“You didn’t?” Abigail turned to me. “So it was just me, then. I distracted my father. I screamed. And all the while I’ve been blaming you.”
“Hey.” I took her hands. “This wasn’t your fault. If you want to blame anyone, blame me.”
“No, I can’t blame you. You tried to save him. You did save me, and I didn’t even thank you.” Things were starting to get all mushy. Tristan was getting visibly uncomfortable.
“I didn’t tell you this to make you sad, Abigail. I told you so you’d know Gideon didn’t take your father from you.”
“Thank you for telling me.” She flushed, and hugged him. Then she composed herself and turned back to me. “You weren’t going to tell me, were you?”
I shook my head. “I have a rep to protect,”
Abigail massaged her temples and went over to sit on her bed. Between the two of us, we had given her a lot to process. I wanted to comfort her, but I had no idea how to go about it.
You could just sit with her, Tristan thought, forcing his way into my brain once again.
I opened my mouth to tell him to go jump off a cliff, but closed it again, because I realized he was right. I couldn’t actually make anything better, but I could let her know I was there for her.
Taking his advice, I sat beside her and took her hands. She didn’t protest. We sat there in silence until the moon replaced the sun.































BRIDGES AND WALLS
Abigail

The most evil angel of his generation is in my room, sitting on my bed, reading a book.
“Are you kidding me?” Gideon asked flipping it over and looking at the back cover with a sniff. “You read this?” 
Murder didn’t faze this guy, but apparently my taste in fiction did. We were slowly getting comfortable with one another again, but there were hiccups. We weren’t back to the half flirtation half friendship we’d had before the accident, but we were getting there.
Last night he’d come to my room and found me crying into my pillow. He’d sat with me, and held me close, and I’d felt safe with him, joking and laughing and then, eventually, simply enjoying long, comfortable, easy silences.
Easy for the two of us, I should say. Eventually Tristan, who is always lurking about, couldn’t take the silence anymore, and tried to turn on my TV. The volume was on high, and the noise had shocked us all. Worse, when he’d tried to turn it down he’d kept pressing the wrong button on the remote and making it worse. Finally he’d just pulled the plug out, which sent me and Gideon into fits of laughter.
Tristan had left shortly after that, saying there was something urgent he needed to take care of. This set off another round of muffled laughs.
“That guy is weird,” Gideon had said, nuzzling into the nape of my neck.
“He’s not,” I defended him.
“Believe me, I’ve known him most of my life, and he is.”
“You what? Just how long have you two known each other?”
“At least six years.”
“Most of your life is six years? Wait wait wait. How old are you, Gideon?”
“I’ve known him about six years, could be more, but I don’t remember anything up until I was eleven.” 
Huh? Gideon couldn’t remember his childhood?
I spent the rest of the evening asking him about what he did remember. Not my best idea.
Tristan had suggested a movie to lighten things up, and I’d agreed. Unfortunately, halfway through, Gideon started getting antsy and we’d started to laugh. I’d told him about how the movie was based on a Greek myth, and he’d immediately wanted to look into the myth itself to see how it compared to the film. I handed him a book of myths by Robert Graves that was on the bottom of my bookshelf.
“Hmm,” he’d said, after speed-reading most of the text. “Zeus isn’t that generous, not by a long shot. He’s actually kind of a dick.”
“You know Zeus?” I asked sitting up straight so I could face him. “Zeus is real?”
“Unfortunately.” He sounded a bit peeved.
“Wait. So, you know him? You know Zeus?”
“Know him? The guy was chasing me with a pitchfork a few months ago.”
“He does tend to get a lot of people angry.” Tristan added, nodding toward Gideon, before I could ask why. 
“So if the Greek gods are real, what else is real? Atlantis? The Underworld?”
“The Underworld is definitely real. In fact, Gideon is a pretty good friend of the Grim Reaper.”
“Oh, come on, Tristan. You’re her friend, too. She actually thinks you’re pretty handsome.”
She? The Reaper was a girl?
“All right. You guys probably wanted to get me all confused. Well, you’ve done it. You both know the Grim Reaper? And he’s a, well, a she?”
Gideon laughed. “D is, um…” and then he waved his hands in front of my face, and there before me was the image of a very beautiful blonde girl. Sexy. Intriguing. Forget Mom’s cookie-hating models; this girl could give them a run for their money.
“That’s the Reaper?” I knew what I was looking at was just an illusion, but she looked real, and what’s more, she felt real, as though she were actually there. It was unnerving. “That’s your… your friend?” I had trouble believing any guy would want to be just friends with a girl like that.
Gideon nodded and made the image disappear.
“She is so beautiful,” I said, and suddenly I felt ugly. I felt all too human. Not at all beautiful. Not in that unearthly way.
“You haven’t looked in the mirror lately, have you?” Gideon asked. He snuggled into me, and distracted me from any further questioning. 
“Not to spoil the moment, Abby, but your mother is home, and she’s on her way up.” And just like that he and Gideon disappeared.

IT USED TO be that most of my time on weekends would be spent with Logan, running sprints or sparring. Since my father’s death we hadn’t seen one another at all, and I was a little out of sorts with so much new free times on my hands. 
This weekend I was getting together with my friends to work on our Titanic projects. Sarah had invited us to her house for the day, and I thought the work and the change of scene would do me good. Mom asked her driver to drop me off, and I tried to get some reading done in the car on the way there. Tristan appeared beside me, and we compared notes during the rest of the ride.
When we got to Sarah’s house, Tristan was somehow already there, playing air guitar with Danny and Gideon; the boys insisted Tristan had arrived twenty minutes ago, even though I knew he’d been in the car with me at the time. I decided it didn’t bear thinking about. 
Sarah had been looking into early twentieth century maritime safety regulations, and for her presentation was trying to decide whether she wanted to act the part of a lawyer representing the family of a deceased passenger that was filing suit against the White Star Line or that of a British government official investigating the tragedy. Listening to her work through her ideas left me a little intimidated. It was difficult to see what Danny, Jake, and Gideon were planning, as they were concentrating on a game of Monopoly rather than on their homework.
I kept looking over at Gideon, who had started the game by insisting he didn’t want to play as the shoe. I didn’t understand how he could be evil, when he acted just as crazy and normal as Jake and Dan when he had to make a payment.
“Someone has a crush,” Sarah said when the two of us had ducked into the kitchen to make a pitcher of lemonade. 
“Who?”
“Don’t ‘who’ me,” she said, handing a glass down from a cupboard shelf. “I’ve noticed you checking Gideon out.” Crap. I thought I’d been discreet. “You two are so obvious.” Wait. We two? So he was checking me out, too?
Focus, Abigail. “What? I do not have a crush on him.” To be frank with myself, I thought I did, but that was before my father had died and before I’d found out who and what he was. Now, we were… I didn’t know what we were.
“Why not? I’d have been swept off my feet by the rose and the green eyes and the, well, the rest.”
“I’ve got a lot going on in my life right now. I don’t have time for any romantic stuff.”
“Deny it all you want, but I know you, and I know you have a crush.” She took one of the glasses and took a sip, and immediately she spat it right back out. “Jesus Christ, Abigail, what the hell is this?”
She dumped the glass into the sink just as Gideon came into the kitchen. I silently prayed he hadn’t overheard our conversation. That would make whatever was happening with us even more awkward than it already was. I was trying to repair the friendship we had before everything, and I didn’t want any complications with that.
“Oh good, you two finished up the lemonade” Gideon said, and reached for one of the glasses. He too took one sip and rushed to spit it out. “That’s awful.” His cup joined Sarah’s in the sink.
“Come on, it’s not that bad!” I took a sip myself, and then I spat it out too. “Yeah, that is awful.” We started laughing.
Sarah caught my eye and said, “I’m going to… check something. Gideon, how about you help Abigail make another batch of lemonade? Drinkable this time.” She rushed out wearing a wide, mischievous grin, leaving me alone with Gideon. 
Gideon started pouring all the cups I’d filled into the sink. “OK, I’ve seen two or three humans run a lemonade stand, and I’m pretty sure I can make this stuff.”
Really? Big bad Gideon was going to serve us drinks? 
“What?” he asked, because I was still laughing. I couldn’t stop. 
I tried to get a word out. “It’s just… you… you’re Gideon, and evil supernatural beings don’t go around making pitchers of lemonade.” The smile on his face vanished, and I knew what I’d just said hit home. I didn’t even get a proper chance to tell him I was sorry, because that was the moment Jake and Danny decided to walk in.
I wanted to apologize, but I didn’t get to be alone with him the rest of the afternoon, and we barely spoke to one another. When I got home and went to my room, hoping to have a chance to explain, he wasn’t there, and Tristan told me he didn’t know where he’d gone.

















THE PRESTIGE

I was sitting in the front row in my third-period class. Gideon, not surprisingly, sat at the back of the classroom. When I worked up the courage to walk back to him to offer an apology, the distance between that first and last row seemed much further than a mere classroom could allow for. There were a hundred, a thousand opportunities to turn back, to talk myself out of approaching him, during that walk.
I took a deep breath when I reached his side, steadying my nerves, and then I said. “I’m sorry about yesterday at Sarah’s. I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“It’s all right. You didn’t say anything that wasn’t true. Hitler? Not big on serving refreshments.”
“That’s um, good, I guess.” And then I turned around to go back to my seat, because I knew class would be starting soon.
“You can stay back here with me,” 
“Are you inviting me to sit with you?” I asked, a teasing little lilt in my voice, because I wanted to get rid of the sick feeling rolling around in my stomach.
“I guess I am.”
“Oh. OK. I’ll go and get—” and just like that, my bag was on the chair beside him. “—which is already here.” I tried to make light of the whole situation. That’s me. Light. Yup. “Can you do the same magically-appearing thing with the homework that was due today? Because I didn’t do it.”
“Miss Cells, I’m surprised at you. Cheating is really bad.” He thought cheating was bad? All of a sudden he had a limit?
“You’re kidding me, right?”
He didn’t need to answer, because I got an insight into how he really felt when he made the homework appear in front of me. I wanted to take it, but damn if he hadn’t been right, even though he was only kidding. Cheating was wrong, and I wanted to make my father proud and get into Harvard, like he’d wanted, by my own honest efforts. 
“Thanks, but no thanks,” I said, and pushed the homework papers aside.
Gideon and I started laughing together, just as Mr. Bernard called for silence.

THE DAYS NO longer dragged on, and Wednesday afternoon, during lunch break, Sarah dragged me into the ladies room with her. I was the extra talking mirror she needed.
“So? Am I right? Or am I right?” Sarah asked, turning away from the bathroom mirror to look at me.
“Right about what?” I was feeling a little shy. There were a few other girls in the bathroom who were also busy redoing their makeup. Really, didn’t anyone come to bathroom to use it anymore?
“Right about you liking Gideon. That you two are, like, together now.” She touched her hair and checked her eyeliner and lipgloss. Yet again, I couldn’t tell what she might have done, or what she might have changed, because she was gorgeous when she started and gorgeous when she finished, and to my eyes, there was no change at all.
“Sarah, there’s nothing going on between me and Gideon,” I whispered, hoping those around us wouldn’t hear and sell their stories to the tabloids tomorrow.
“So you say you aren’t dating? Because I am your best friend, woman, and you need to tell me these things. As a matter of fact, it’s my right to be the first to know.”
“Sarah, relax. Gideon and I are not dating.” She turned back to the mirror and continued with her mysterious beauty routine. “You know, I don’t even think he likes me.”
“You, my poor friend, are naïve. Trust me, he likes you. I can tell.”
“Sarah you can not tell.”
“All right, maybe not, but I’m sure that...” 
“Drop it, Sarah.” 
Sarah’s assumption bothered me, but not enough to make me stay away from Gideon. 
“You did?” I asked as I tried to muffle my laughter.
Gideon tried not to laugh, but he couldn’t contain it any longer. “OK fine,” he said, “maybe I overreacted, but you didn’t see the size of this dog.”
“How old we were you?”
“I was eleven. I had gone to the park because the children there looked so happy, playing. I wanted to join them, but then suddenly this huge scary dog came out of nowhere and started barking at me, and when I ran it started chasing me.”
“You were scared of a dog? You? Oh, man, it was a Chihuahua, wasn’t it? You ran screaming from a Chihuahua.” 
“What? No. He was scary. He wasn’t a Chihuahua.” And then we were both laughing, and all eyes in the class were on us.
“Mr. Chase, Miss Cells, if you cannot be respectful of your classmates you can leave, now. And make that two hours of detention after school.” 
I forgot for a moment that the whole class was watching and completely freaked out. My first-ever detention? 
“My mother is going kill me.” I said the moment Gideon and I were out the door. The hallway was quiet, not a student around.
Gideon took my hands, and stopped me in my tracks. “You know, I could make the teacher forgot about the detention.” Of course he could. 
The idea was tempting, but I demurred. “I can’t. I earned this detention. It wouldn’t be right to walk away from it.”
“Well, since we are going to have some free time on our hands, what would you like to do?” 
I wanted to go back inside, to do my best to keep up my A average so I could actually have a chance of getting into Harvard Medical School. I knew that wasn’t what he wanted to hear, though.
“I don’t know. What do you have in mind? Something that won’t get us into trouble, though. One detention is bad enough.”
“Where do you want to go? Name anywhere in the world.”
Anywhere in the world? Really, anywhere?
“I’d like to see the Library of Alexandria,” I said. “I know it’s not the ancient one, but just the same, I’d like to see it.”
Gideon took my hand in his. “Egypt it is.”
“What you are talking about? Egypt is what?” And then I was screaming because I looked down and realized we were hovering above the clouds. I buried my face in his neck and shut my eyes. “Heights! I don’t like heights!”
Gideon started laughing, and then patted my head in a gesture that might have been reassuring if I weren’t certain we were seconds away from plunging to our deaths. “OK, Abby. You can open your eyes now.” I didn’t dare open my eyes. I tightened my grip on him so I wouldn’t fall. “Trust me. It’s safe.” 
Slowly, I opened one of my eyes, and instead of seeing the hallway like I’d expected, I was looking at a set of library bookshelves, lit by the dim glow of an exit sign. “Are you telling me we’re in Egypt?” I loosened my grip on him, and only then realized how tightly my arms had been around his neck, and close, how very close we were. I tried to pull away, but his arms went around my waist and he held me still.
“You all right?” he whispered, searching my eyes.
I noticed the play of light over the intricate, unmistakeable latticework of the Bibliotheca Alexandrina’s ceiling. I was really here. “All right? I’m more than all right!”
Since it was late morning back home, I knew it would be around five here, which meant I only had an hour, tops, until closing time. I’d spent enough time clicking dreamily through the library’s web site to know its hours, and the time difference between San Francisco and Alexandria.
“You are my hero, Gideon!”
“Really? You sure you wouldn’t have rather have an AK-47?”
“You were there when Logan brought me the AK-47?” I asked, remembering how I’d acted when I saw the gun. How long had he been around, and what else had he seen?
Gideon nodded. “You were like a kid on Christmas Eve.”
“Well, now I’m like a kid on Christmas morning. Let’s go look around.” I then walked through the enormous, beautiful reading room toward the book stacks. “I could just picture myself living here, forever.”
Gideon practically glowed, happy to make me happy. I knew he didn’t like books, but he patiently listened to me go on and on about books I’d read, and ones I’d been dying to read. Sometimes, I’d take a book from the shelf and praise it and he’d just smack his palm to his forehead, asking me exactly how an autobiography of Steve Jobs was interesting.
Gideon was great company. He stayed with me and watched me go crazy over the various books. I didn’t even realize when the library closed, because as each of the lights were going out, Gideon was making them reappear.
We stayed for a couple of hours, and then for a couple hours more, until it was time for detention. 
Detention went by in a blur, because Gideon, being Gideon, had duplicated all the books I’d wanted. I hadn’t asked him to, but I couldn’t help myself; those books needed to be on my shelf. I’d spent detention trying to convince him to give the books a chance, but he assured me he wouldn’t read a book even if his life depended on it. I took that as a challenge.
I don’t know exactly how I exacted my victory, but at the end of the day, I was curled up on my bed with my head on Gideon’s chest, and he was lying beside me, reading me a book. I fought falling asleep, because there were no dreams possible that could be happier than these moments. I caught sight of Tristan, and he had a knowing look on his face, just as Sarah’d had. If I hadn’t been so happy, it might have bothered me.
The next day was Friday. “Guess who is having a pool party?” Danny asked me after school.
“Don’t tell me. I won’t be able to go anyway. The less information, the less it will hurt,” I said.
Danny and Jake exchanged looks, “I’m sure you’ll be allowed to attend this one.”
I doubted that. After my mother heard about my detention she threw a tantrum. She’d insisted I was grounded until I was thirty.
“The party is at your house. Your mom actually asked us.” Jake added. 
Actually, I had no idea what to say to that. 
“I was invited right?” I asked, and everyone laughed. I had to make sure. I wouldn’t put it past my mother to have me locked away doing homework while my friends parted at my house.
When Ben arrived, all of us packed ourselves into the back of the car for the ride to my house. When we got to the pool enclosure, I saw that Morgan had laid out more food than we could ever possibly finish. It was unreal. I pinched myself more than once, just to reassure myself it was all really happening.
Jake, Tristan and Danny jumped right into the pool. Sarah insisted if she went in her hair would be a mess. I assured her we had a few swim caps available, and set off with Tristan to find one. It took awhile, but eventually we found one that Sarah felt comfortable trusting, and soon Tristan was splashing her mercilessly and she was chasing after him, hoping to exact her watery revenge.
“Abby, aren’t you going in the water?” Gideon asked.
“No, I’m fine.” 
“Why not? It looks like fun.”
“Then why aren’t you swimming?” I asked. “Just take off your shirt and jump in.” Worst suggestion I ever made, because the moment the words came out, Gideon pulled his shirt over his head.
Oh. Oh my. My eyes were locked on his body. My face felt warm, and my heart rate flew out of control. For a second, I imagined tracing my fingers along his hard stomach, feeling the heat of his body, and…
Oh, my God!
“I don’t like water,” I mumbled, spouting out the first thing that came to mind, and Gideon laughed. “I meant I don’t feel like swimming.”
He took the soda from my hand and put it back on the table. “You sure about that? This is your pool, Abby.” He took my hand and pulled me toward the water.
“I’m as sure as—” 
The rest of my words never came out. Gideon grabbed me around the waist and dived in. I tried to hold my breath, but I quickly resurfaced, gasping for air.
“Gideon!” I smacked him on the chest. “That was so—” 
I realized my hand was still on his chest, and his arms were still around me.
And then I started chanting in my head: He’s just a friend. He’s just a friend. He’s just a friend.
“Gideon, don’t you know pool water isn’t good for the hair!” Sarah said, saving me, as she rushed over. “Come on, Abby. You should either put on a cap, or slather on some conditioner. Or maybe some shea butter.” 
I caught my breath and looked back at Gideon, who was smirking. Sarah had definitely saved me. Definitely.
























OUR FAIRYTALE
Gideon

“Heroes are too good to be true, 
this is why every story has a villain.”

Abigail sat beside me on the floor of my room. I’d invited her to Grands, and she’d said yes. Tristan had seemed pretty comfortable with the idea, simply telling Abigail to call him if she wanted something, by which he meant if I tried to kill her.
Abigail was bombarding me with questions, and I was happy to answer her. I was happy, period. Imagine that.
“So you understand and speak every language, and you don’t sleep?” Abigail asked.
I nodded, “Angels have to be able to communicate with humans, so we do. The how isn’t all that clear to me. And no, I don’t sleep. Angels are only able to sleep when they’re little. After you turn thirteen, and you’re assigned a human, you can’t anymore.” 
Abigail seemed to understand this.
“So Tristan is a prince? I didn’t see that one coming.”
“That’s not a question, Abby. It’s a fact.” An annoying one. 
“Prince Tristan, it has a nice ring to it,” she laughed. 
“Yeah, yeah. Now it’s my turn for questions.” 
“Fire away,” she said.
“How were you able to save your friends that night during the accident?”
“I panicked, and the next thing I knew, we were safe.”
She panicked? If that’s how she responded when she was in panic, she must be a ninja when she’s clear-headed. “You are unbelievable.”
“So, my turn again. What did you think of me, that first day at school? You know, when I bumped into you.”
“My mother always says if I can’t say something nice, I shouldn’t say anything at all.” We both laughed. Laughing without sneering! It was new to me. 
“Well, I thought you were rude and boorish.” She looked away. “I didn’t like you.”
“Ouch. Didn’t like me? The moment you first met me?” I put one hand on my heart, keeping the other firmly clasped in hers. “That would be what’s-his-face’s fault. He gave you a nightmare about me. He admitted it.”
“What’s-his-face’s name is Tristan, and I want to ask why you don’t like him, but I’m afraid I won’t like the answer.”
“I hate him,” I said honestly. “Frankly, I wish he would disappear.” 
“That’s a bit harsh. Besides, you two seems friendly lately, and he’s always around.” I situation I’m trying to work my way out of.
“He’s your guardian angel. He goes wherever you go. And if he’s around, I can be sure that nothing will happen to you. If I decide to—” I cut myself off and looked away.
“You’re scared you might hurt me?” Abigail asked.
I nodded. “Sometimes I do things without thinking,” I said, “I’m afraid that even without meaning to, I’ll hurt you. If Tristan is around, then I relax, because I can be sure he’ll save you from me.” 
“He goes wherever I go. So he was there the night that Andrei came to my house.”
“No!” I said, “he was taking care of a problem.” I had no idea why I was justify his absence.
“He wasn’t there. But you were. You saved me once or twice, even without him. Looks like you’re doing great in the not-hurting-me department so far.”
“At the moment, it’s taking every ounce of strength I have not to feed off you because I’m feeling weak and hungry. I want to leave and feed, but I’m sure you’d protest.”
“The only thing keeping you from being a terror is, what? Not wanting to look bad in front of me? You wouldn’t mind hurting the whole world?”
“The world? Abby, the world you are trying to save is a wicked world. Your world is full of greed, hatred, and pain.” I paused for a second and then continued, “You think there would be hundreds of millions of your people living on the street if your world was loving and caring? Brothers killing brothers, and innocent people getting murdered, raped, sold, and tortured?”
“You think I don’t know a little about human evil? Me? The teenager who was targeted for kidnapping and possibly assassination? Me, the girl who actually killed a few people?” Abigail asked bitterly.
I almost laughed when I heard this. “Humanity is a book, and the sad truth is that your kind read it too fast. I’m doing you all a favor.” I stood up then, and walked over to the window.
“Are you actually trying to claim the moral high ground? Because your victims aren’t models of saintly perfection? Are you further trying to suggest I haven’t noticed there’s bad in the world? I’m not blind, Gideon. I can see it. I know the world is full of unthinkable evil, but I also know that’s not all the world is.
“I killed a few people, which was necessary, but I liked it, which wasn’t. That darkness isn’t just out in the world. It’s right here. But it’s not all that’s here. It’s not all that I am. Maybe that’s why I’m able to see that it’s not all you are. Maybe that’s why I’m here with you.”
She actually seemed to think she understood me. I had no idea how to respond. Conversation seemed impossible because the air had suddenly become dense as tar.
“I like being with you, and maybe it’s clouding my judgment. I don’t know why you’re the way you are, but I know the Gideon people fear isn’t the same Gideon you cared enough to show me.”
“Hurting creatures and feeding off their pain is all I know how to do,” I didn’t know of another way to feed. All my life, I’d only known how to hurt people. I knew my methods were more extreme than those of other Grandinians, but I’d never considered changing my ways. 
“Then you have some learning to do.” She was full of hope. “We can find another way, I’m sure of it.”
I couldn’t bear to see her optimism, because I was pretty sure it had no basis. She really thought there was more to me than being a monster. There was good in her to counterbalance any little twinges of conscience she thought made her evil. She thought there was good in me, too. She had no idea, not really. I couldn’t tell her that I was always going to be the evil Gideon. I didn’t want to take her hope away.
I had been a better version of myself these past weeks. I hadn’t hurt anyone, angel or human, and for some reason I hadn’t even felt like doing it. Being with her made me happy, and I hadn’t had the desire to kill her, which was a huge plus. My feelings for Abby were a bonus for me, but I knew the monster I could become, and I knew that indulging my feelings was probably not good for her, because the monster was never far from the surface. I couldn’t even guarantee her safety, not for long.
But there was one thing I could do: leave, now. 
I pulled my hand away from hers. “I have to go,” I whispered, and with a snap of my fingers, I made myself disappear.



















BOY MEETS GIRL
Abigail

“Come, come see my very own ray of sunshine.”


He’s not coming back is he?” I asked Tristan, who sat with me on the sofa in my bedroom. He didn’t answer me.
Yesterday, after Gideon had disappeared, I found myself alone in his room. I missed him. I was afraid I’d scared him off. I was far from home with no way to get back. All that dissolved into tears. A young angel with golden hair and eyes like Gideon’s came to me and suggested I needed a rest so that my mind would have time to process all that had happened. She had only just introduced herself as Valoel when I passed out. Didn’t even manage a hello or nice to meet you, Valoel before I was out cold.
I had awakened in the morning not knowing where I was, only to have everything that’d happened yesterday come rushing in.
Valoel explained that she had put me into a deep sleep, but I barely listened to her. Instead, I looked for Gideon. It was a fruitless search. Eventually I rounded on her. “How long was I out? My mother and my bodyguards are going to be crazed with worry.”
“No,” the young angel replied, not shrinking back in the face of my shouting. “Your experience here did not exist in time. To your mother on Earth it will seem as though you were never away.”
I turned to Tristan for confirmation on this, but he seemed unsure as to how to respond. “All the same, it might be best if we got you back there.” He had snapped his fingers, and suddenly we’d appeared here, on my bedroom sofa.
“So, are you OK?” he asked, arranging one of my sofa pillows behind his back to get comfortable.
I was about to lie and say I was when I noticed Tristan’s blue eyes slowly turning gray. He looked like someone who hadn’t slept for days. I realize he didn’t actually need sleep, but he looked exhausted. I didn’t like seeing him like that.
“Tristan, you look weak,” I said.
“I’m all right.”
I knew he wasn’t being honest. “No, you’re not,” I said remembering what he said to me when he was telling me about Gideon. “You said Gideon feeds on pain and you feed on happiness.” And then it hit me. “Oh, I’m making you weak. You’re hungry, and here I am sad.” I quickly put a smile on my face. “I promise, then. I’ll be happy. No more whining and crying for me.” He laughed, but as I watched his smile fade after a few seconds.
“Good,” Valoel said, appearing out of nowhere. Then, with a snap of her fingers, a sandwich appeared. She thrust it into my hands. “You need to eat something.”
I shot her a look to say I wasn’t hungry, but she was already shaking her head in protest. I really got the impression she could read my mind. If she could, she was probably stinging from the thoughts I shot her way.
“Eat up, and don’t move. I’m borrowing Tristan for a second.”
“I can’t leave her,” Tristan said.
“Let him guard her for a second, and come with me. You need to feed.” Valoel took Tristan’s hand. “Eat your food,” she ordered, waving a finger at me and my sandwich. A second later, she disappeared with Tristan.
Angry as I was with her, when she and Tristan left, I felt lonely, as if everyone had abandoned me. I tried to take a bite of the sandwich, but I was so angry it felt like sand and ashes in my mouth, so I tossed it away.
“Stop throwing things.”
I recognized the voice immediately.
“Gideon?” He appeared in front of me.
“How long have you been standing here?”
“Long enough. Come here,” he said gently. He helped me up, pulling me to him and throwing his arms around me.
“Where did you go yesterday?” I asked, daring myself to not get distracted by how close we stood.
“I went out planning to hunt, but I didn’t.”
I could tell he wasn’t lying.
“You didn’t?” I was surprised and happy.
“I wanted to, badly.” Hearing the need in his voice, I believed him.
I was so happy that he hadn’t hurt anyone. I pulled my hands around him in a hug once more. “Have you been here the whole time?” I asked.
“Yes.” He pulled my face to his. “I never left. Wondered how long it would take you to figure that out.”
“I thought you’d gone and—” I stopped. His finger pressed against my lips.
He gently put his hands in mine. “I have something for you.” When I looked into my hand, I saw a delicate beautiful golden medallion. It bore the letters G and A on the face, intertwined. I was breathless. It was so beautiful.
“It’s… beyond words.” I ran my fingers across the surface. “Does it stand for Guardian Angel?”
He brushed my hair away from my neck and stepped behind me to clasp it closed. “G stands for Gideon, and A stands for Abigail. G because I’m your guardian, and A because you’re my angel.” I was speechless. Why couldn’t he be this sweet all the time?
“Whenever you feel lonely, just look at this and remember that I am never far away. I hope you like it.”
“I love it,” I said happily, my eyes locking on his. I still wasn’t sure of my feelings toward Gideon, but when he leaned toward me, I leaned closer, too, and I felt lightheaded as our lips moved closer toward each other’s. They were mere inches from touching when my phone started ringing.
Gideon pulled away, and I cursed whoever was calling before I took my phone out of my pocket. “Hello. Abigail speaking,”
“Don’t hello me!” It was Sarah. “I thought we were going to chat last night. What happened?” she asked. I opened my mouth to answer, but before I could, she added, “Don’t bother to answer that. I’m sure you were busy chatting with someone else.”
“Sarah, I was…” I didn’t know how to makeup a believable lie. I decided to go with a partial truth instead. “I fell asleep” I explained, taking Gideon’s hand. I didn’t want him to step away from me. I felt butterflies in my stomach as Gideon pulled me closer to him again.
“Don’t play innocent with me!” Sarah knew more about me than I gave her credit for. “You and Gideon looked pretty cozy together when we left, with you sitting on his lap and whispering secret romantic stuff.” Gideon and I had to work not to laugh aloud at this. We hadn’t been whispering romantic stuff. Gideon had been asking me where in the world I wanted to go next.
“Now I wished I’d thought to whisper secret romantic stuff” Gideon said. He smiled and winked at me, which made my heart swoon. He grabbed my waist and pulled me closer into him so that the space between us disappeared. Wow, those green eyes…he was definitely trying to dazzle me, and it was working.
“Sarah, I’m sorry, we can chat tonight.” I’ll admit that I was having difficulty paying attention to our conversation at the moment.
“Don’t fall all over yourself apologizing. I can understand a certain level of distraction. He is, um, wow.” Sarah made exaggerated panting noises that set me giggling before adding, “Is it just me, or has he gotten hotter since the last time we saw him? Those eyes.” I felt my cheeks flush when she said this. “Green has never looked so beautifully and mysteriously hot.”
“I… I…” I couldn’t disagree. I was staring right into them, and Sarah’s description didn’t do those captivating eyes justice.
Gideon’s hands traced my cheek, raising goose bumps all down my body.
“Speak up, Abigail, I can’t hear you. Here I am, talking about how hot Gideon is, which I figured would be a nice, non-controversial topic of conversation, since you have eyes, but no. You aren’t saying anything at all. Unless you don’t think he’s hot, which would be a total lie because I have chat messages that confirm you do.”
“He’s…” I paused again because Gideon had taken me completely by surprise when he replaced his hand on my cheek with his lips. I was pretty sure an alien sound of some sort escaped my lips. Suddenly, everything around me started spinning slowly.
“He’s what?” Sarah sounded more annoyed than before. Gideon’s lips left my cheeks and moved up to my free ear. “Abigail,” he whispered, “May I… I want to kiss you. Can I?” My grip on my phone tightened when he whispered this. Before, my heart had been beating faster than a marathon runner’s; now, however, I was pretty sure it was racing at the speed of light.
“Please say yes,” Gideon whispered again into my ear. Prepare for the clichés to come: My body felt like it was on fire, as Gideon’s mouth on my skin was driving me insane. They aren’t oft-used phrases for nothing. They were apt.
“Abigail, are you even listening to me?” Sarah asked, but her voice seemed far away, “What are you doing?”
“Yes,” I said. Gideon pulled away to look at me. “Yes,” I said again, and then he took my phone away from me.
“Sarah, she’ll call you back,” he muttered into the phone before closing it and tossing it aside. The moment the phone left his hand, his lips were on mine.
My whole body went numb the moment Gideon’s lips touched mine. I kissed him back, and he deepened the kiss. The feel of him, the nearness of him, was electrifying. I placed my hands on his chest, and I could feel the beat of his heart beneath my palm. I wanted to be frozen in this breathless moment for all eternity, just me and Gideon and no one else.
His hands moved from my cheeks and into my hair, and he pulled me closer into him, his lips never straying from mine. Anticipation and longing rose in me, burning, like waves of lava rising in a volcano. As the passion rose, I felt my higher brain function fade away. Yes, I said it. Literally mind blowing. I lifted my hand to his soft, dark hair. Gideon’s hands found my waist and wrapped around it, pushing me tighter into him. I saw stars, heaven, and then…
“Abigail, I made you—” My mother’s words stopped.
Gideon pulled away as though he’d been scalded, leaving me breathless and speechless. My first real kiss. Judging by the look on my mother’s face it was likely to be my last. Oh, boy.
“Mom—”
“Gideon,” my mother cut me off. “How did you get in here?” Her anger then focused on me. “What is going on here?”
I was so dead. “Gideon and I are…”
“So you lied to me about his being your boyfriend?”
I didn’t know what to tell her. It wasn’t like Gideon and I were together, exactly, and I couldn’t tell my mother I was kissing a guy and didn’t know the statue of our relationship. Relationship? Was I even allowed to use that word for whatever this was?
“And you’ve been sneaking him past all of the security that I pay so much for and place so much trust in. Do you see how I could find that unsettling?”
“No… we were just—”
“Gideon, join me in the sitting room,” she demanded, and already she was out the door. Gideon grabbed my hand and pulled me along as he followed her.
“I am so sorry,” I whispered to Gideon. 
“She’s going to kill me, isn’t she?” Gideon asked as a small smile played on his lips.
“Pretty much.” I nodded solemnly. I was pretty sure my mother was now blowing the whole thing out of proportion in her head. 
“So, Gideon, I guess I’d better get to know you. Last time we met I was led to believe you were, what’s the word you used, Abby? A jerk.” Her anger flashed bright and hot. “Where do you live? Remember, when you answer, that I will have our security personnel check up on any answer you give me.” I knew she wasn’t kidding. “Who are your parents? What do they do? Do you have any thoughts about college? Perhaps most important: how long have you been dating my daughter?”
Gideon didn’t know which question he should answer first.





































TOWARDS EVER-AFTER

I’m so sorry to just barge in,” I told Gideon as I let myself into his room.
Gideon jumped at the sound of my voice. “Abby? How did you… what are you doing here?”
“I asked Tristan to bring me. I wanted to know if you were all right, you know, after my mother. She thinks you are my… boyfriend,” the word sounded so foreign in my ears. “Grands is probably the safest place to meet, anyway.” 
Gideon walked over to where I stood in front of his door. “Your mom scares me a little.”
This made me laugh, “So you’re not mad?” I asked. I’d hate for things to be weird between us just because we’d kissed, and for him to be distant because my mother thought he was my boyfriend. If I was going to get into trouble for having a boyfriend, I actually wanted to have the fun of, well, having a boyfriend to offset the tribulations of punishment.
“I’m confused, and I am not sure of myself, especially not around you. I needed to be away.”
Oh.
“Shall I go, then?”
“No,” he said, just a little too quickly.
“So just what are you confused about?”
Gideon stared at me for more than a minute. I’d just made up my mind he wasn’t going to answer me when answer came.
“My responses to you are, how shall I say? Unusual. I feed on pain and fear, but when you are sad or frightened, I don’t feel strengthened by it. What’s more, your happiness doesn’t weaken me. I actually like making you happy. That’s not normal for a Grandinian. Not at all.”
Gideon paused, taking a break from whatever he wanted to say. “I don’t know what this thing between us is, but… I’ve never felt anything like it before. I don’t want to hurt you. I want to be strengthened by your happiness instead. Also, I want to always be kissing you. But the not wanting to hurt you is the important thing. I don’t know what that means.”
Was I breathing? “I…” I wasn’t sure what to say to that.
I’d been confused by my feelings, but listening to him? It sounded like he was on a whole new level of confused.
“I’m willing to find out, and I want…” he paused once more, inhaled a deep, shuttering breath, and then took my hands. “Abigail, be my girlfriend.”
There. ‘Be my girlfriend’. Three simple words, and yet they meant so much.
I knew the answer before the word was even out of my mouth. “Yes.”
Gideon searched my face. “Are you sure?”
I nodded. “Yes, I’m sure.”
And then just like that, Gideon’s lips were on mine. We kissed until I was gasping for air. When he pulled away, I wasn’t confused about how I felt about him. I didn’t care about who he was or what he’d done. I only cared about the angel he was when he was with me. I cared about the angel who’d made me laugh and who’d listened to me cry, the angel who was avoiding hurting anyone because he wanted to make me happy. In that moment I knew exactly how I felt about Gideon. I liked him. A lot.

“YOUR MOTHER SCARES me, and it takes a lot to scare me. ” Gideon said after he’d parked his car in the lot behind the school. Gideon had showed up this morning to pick me up for school, and my mother had taken the chance to invite him for breakfast. She’d also made a point of casually mentioning she owed a gun. Several guns, in fact. He’d sat in trembling silence all through breakfast, clutching tight to a glass of orange juice that he never got around to drinking. Even after seeing how thoroughly she had cowed Gideon, she insisted she would only allow him to drive me to school if Ben tailed us.
“It’s about time somebody scared you,” I teased him. “And where exactly did you get an R8? Do you even have a driver’s license?”
“Do you really want to know?” I realized that I didn’t.
Gideon and I walked to homeroom hand in hand. Tristan was already there when we arrived.
“So, what do I call this?” he asked as Gideon and I took our seats at the back. “Are you two like, together?” You’d think he hadn’t been there during all our romantic moments, a guardian angel chaperone. 
“Dude, stop making my girlfriend uncomfortable,” Gideon said.
Tristan laughed nervously. “Oh, so it’s girlfriend now? This is, um. Hmm. I mean, you are Gideon. You know—” He made claws with his fingers and waggled them, “—rawr.” 
“Go away.” Gideon said this in the most gentle voice he could muster, which wasn’t very gentle. Tristan was unfazed. He looked quickly over his shoulder, then back at us.
“Oh, you meant me?” He pointed at himself in feigned surprise. “All right, then. I’ll leave right now.” But he was still there. Both Gideon and I narrowed our eyes at him. I was going for intimidating, but I’ll admit I might have just looked nearsighted. I narrowed them a little more, to be sure I was getting my point across. “Sorry, I’m going.” He turned around and started to walk away.
Gideon started counting, “And one… two…”
Tristan turned around right on three, “But, it’s just—”
“Tristan, go away.” This time, Gideon said it through clenched teeth, and while I perhaps should have been more supportive, I couldn’t help laughing. 
“Whoa. Fine. You don’t have to bite my head off. But, before I forget, Valoel said you were looking to borrow Abigail’s file. You’re welcome to borrow my copy if you want.”
“My file?” I asked. His statement was aimed at Gideon, but he’d made it looking straight at me. He was clearly asking about the file in front of me for my benefit.
Tristan’s eyes never left mine. “When we’re assigned to a human, we’re given an extensive dossier that contains every bit of information on that human, from the moment of birth. For example, your favorite stuffed animal when you were a toddler was a dog named Squeaky. He’s not gone, by the way. He’s in a box in the attic. Your mom forgot she packed him away.”
Crap.
“Wow. So you know everything about me?” Tristan nodded. This wasn’t creepy at all. “You too?” I asked Gideon.
He shook his head. “I burnt my copy of the file when I got it. You know how I feel about reading. The first time I saw you with a gun, though, I found myself wishing I’d read it.” He held up his hands in a show of surrender. “But I don’t want the file. I’d prefer to get to know you on my own.”
That was just the sweetest thing. I was so busy feeling mushy after that comment that I didn’t even notice Tristan finally leaving us alone.
“Now tell me you don’t think he’s weird.”
“He’s not. I really don’t understand why you don’t like him. He’s Tristan.”
“You do know you’re supposed to say nice things about your boyfriend and not his archenemy, right?”
“What, are you jealous?”
He nodded. “Very,” and then he leaned in and pressed his lips to mine.
I liked his kisses, but cut him short, because I didn’t want any PDA to get the media in my business.

I SAT BESIDE Sarah at lunchtime, and she commented on my socks, which were covered in brightly-colored strawberries. “This outfit  cut off every other avenue of personal expression! Lay off my socks.”
“Are you sure what you want to express is best conveyed through day-glo strawberries?”
“Maybe it is. Strawberry fields forever.”
I pulled a copy of Barron’s 501 French Verbs out of Sarah’s backpack, and held it up between my thumb and forefinger, as though it were a smelly gym sock.
“You? This is cheating, Sarah. You should just learn the paradigms.”
“It’s not cheating any more than having the answers to calculus problems in the back of the textbook is cheating. You work through the problem, or the paradigm, and use the book to check yourself. Now get out of my bag, Strawberry Queen.”
She took the book back and wrinkled her beautiful, perfect nose at me. I tried narrowing my eyes at her. It didn’t work any better on her than it had on Tristan. I was going to have to practice my steely glare.
Speaking of Tristan, he walked up at that moment and waved at me from behind Sarah.
I stood up, “Well come on Tristan, let’s go.”
 “Go where?” Gideon was quick to ask.
“Yeah, where are you two headed, Strawberry?”
“We’re headed to the teacher’s lounge to ask Mr. Bernard if we can do a parody of a scene from 1997’s Titanic.” I walked around, and without a word, took Tristan’s hands and started dragging him out of the cafeteria.
I could still feel Gideon’s eyes on me as we left. 
“Way to play it cool.” Tristan laughed as we headed out. 
I bumped my shoulders into his, “Shut up.”
“For both our sakes I hope Mr. Bernard says yes. There’s not a lot of time left in the semester if we have to come up with another topic. By the way: Strawberry? What’s that about?”
“Maybe I’ll make my living selling strawberry milkshakes and French fries at a drive-through thanks to my plummeting grades.”
“Nah. I’ll help you come up with another topic if this one falls through. I’ve got brains to spare.”
“Oh you do, do you?”
“Yep. I’m the complete package, baby.” He brushed back his hair with a dramatic swoop like one of my mother’s models, and set me laughing. He really was model-perfect. There was a time, before Gideon had entered the picture, when I would have been happy to entertain the prospect of a Tristan-and-Abigail pairing. Now though, dashing and funny though Tristan was, I couldn’t picture the G without the A.


































CARPE DIEM
Tristan
I like to move it, move it!” I grabbed a woman nearby by the hand and spun her around with each “move it!”
Letting her go and blowing her a kiss, I moonwalked through the crowd on a busy London street. Well, I did something that looked vaguely like a moonwalk. People were watching, and some of them were filming me on their camera phones. YouTube, here I come! 
I couldn’t be happier if I tried. I’d just left Abigail with Gideon, and I hadn’t thought twice about it, because I knew he wasn’t going to hurt her.
If someone had told me months ago that this was how things were going to end up when Gideon walked into Abigail’s life, I’d never have believed it.
I never thought I’d have time to do some of the things on my life to-do list, but today I had finally had the time to do seven of the things on the list. 
#13: Sing “Oh Happy Day” at the top of my lungs on the Great Wall of China 
#2: Go skiing on Mount Everest 
#8: Moonwalk to “I Like to Move It” in the streets of London 
#2: Wear pink sunglasses and go to the beach 
#10: Ride a bike 
#7: Go to the cinema and see a black and white movie 
#1: Breathe 
Yeah, maybe some of the things on the list were childish and flat-out stupid, but I did them anyway. The happy truth was, I’d left Abigail and Gideon right after school and hadn’t gone back to check on them even once. It had been three hours since then, and I wasn’t planning on going back for another hour. And I wasn’t worried at all
“Happy day?” the woman I’d randomly span around asked dizzily, and I nodded with the biggest of smiles on my face.
“A happy day indeed, madam.” It was as if I was finally alive, really living for the first time. And then I heard Abigail calling me.
Tristan? My breath caught, and then I heard her say. OK, am I doing this right? Here I am, talking to myself. I realized she was fine, and my smile returned.
OK, you did say if I needed you I should just call you. Well, I need you, so… I’m talking to myself. This is great!
I bowed down to the little girl I’d just been dancing with and then hurried away. I made sure I was around a corner and out of sight before I let myself disappear.
A second later I was in Gideon’s room in Grands.
“Talking to yourself isn’t a problem. It’s only a problem if you answer yourself.” Abigail was sitting on a blanket on the floor, surrounded by her schoolbooks.
She brightened. “You heard me?”
I nodded, “I’m pretty sure all of London heard you” I took a seat beside her on the blanket. “So, where’s the fire?”
“No fire, just wanted us to work on our Titanic project.” This was not on my to-do list.
I tried not to show how disappointed I was “Must we? Can’t we go ice-skating or something?” 
“Gideon and his sister left, something about needing family time. I figured it was an opportunity to finish writing up our speech. I can’t believe I let you talk me into reworking a scene from the movie.”
Abigail opened the sound file on her computer, and the strains of Céline Dion’s “My Heart Will Go On” filled the air.
“How about I stand in the corner and play the triangle while you sing this song?” I offered. She was having none of it. “Fine, how about the chimes?”
I stood up and offered Abigail my hand. “Fine, come on then. I’m Jack, and you, my beautiful headstrong rich girl, are Rose.”
“I’m not singing. This is supposed to be a parody, not a tragedy.”

TITANIC
Abigail

“Some mistakes, are worth making.”


He’s serious!
Tristan was sure that the class would be immediately caught up in our presentation. His enthusiasm was adorable, and it was catching. He held the blanket up between us. “Come on. This is the floating debris. Grab on, or you’ll drown.” I took hold of the blanket.
Tristan leaned in close to me. “Winning that ticket, Rose, was the best thing that ever happened to me.”
His expression sobered me. “Hmm…” I mumbled. “I believe your next line is ‘Glub! Glub!’”
“Stop it.” He pretended to splash for a moment, and then he took one of my hands and looked me straight in the eye. “You must promise me that you will survive—no matter what happens.” Immediately my smile disappeared. My cheeks flushed as I realized how close together we were standing.
“I don’t see why we shouldn’t both survive. Look at the size of this piece of debris. There’s plenty of room for both of us on here. Climb on up, Jack.”
Tristan cut me off, trying not to laugh, and grabbed my other hand, “It’s not so much a question of room, Rose, as buoyancy. This thing is physically big enough, but it can’t keep both of us afloat. Oh, um, glub! Glub!” He let go of me for a moment to go through his pockets for the list of equations he’d worked out for measuring the buoyant force of the large piece of wood Jack and Rose had clung to while awaiting rescue. While he searched his pocket with one hand, he pretended to tread water with the other. I laughed and held out my hand to him. 
He took it, and I pulled him closer, to save him from the icy ocean water. He was still having no luck finding his list of equations. “I think that what I’ve proven is that Jack would die of hypothermia before he was able to finish explaining the math.” He put a hand on each of my shoulders and pressed his forehead to mine. “Promise me, and never let go of that promise.” At this point, we were so close together that I could feel his body heat.
Without meaning to, I found myself whispering, “I promise.” I pulled him closer and continued, “I’ll never let go. I’ll never let go.” Then both Tristan and I slowly leaned closer into each other. Our lips were inches apart. I felt a surge of electricity crackling between his body and mine, and I knew nothing good was going to come of it.
I couldn’t pull away—no, that was a lie. I could have pulled away. I just didn’t want to. Why, I didn’t know.
Our lips touched, and suddenly Tristan pulled back, shaking his head.
And then I remembered where we were: Gideon’s room.
Oh, my God, Gideon! What just happened? Did I just…? Did we almost…? I found myself wishing I could disappear in an instant, the way Tristan and Gideon did. I had had a boyfriend for what, two seconds, and already I was about to cheat? What the hell was wrong with me? And even now, only half of my brain was worried about Gideon, while the other half was still on Tristan and how much I had wanted to kiss him.
“Please tell me you felt something just now, because I feel terribly guilty, and if I’m going to feel this bad I would like to at least have earned it,” I breezed.
“Can I lie?” He placed his hands on my cheeks, and I shivered, not because I was bothered by the Grandinian cold and damp, but because his touch somehow amplified the current between us.
I shook my head. “No, I want the truth.”
“I can’t tell you the truth, Abigail.” His voice dropped down to a whisper. “So if you asking if I feel this…” once again, we leaned closer into each other and the crackling in the air between us intensified “… well, the answer is no.” He gently brushed my cheek.
“Your first lie,” I said.
“I didn’t lie,” he whispered, pressing his forehead against me. “I’m practicing being selfish.” And then once again, as if by clockwise, we started leaning into the space between, our lips almost touched when… “I should have brought some popcorn.” At the sound of the voice, we both jumped, pulling away from each other, and shattering the connection between us. 
There in the doorway was Valoel. I thought I should say something to defend myself, but I couldn’t imagine what that would be. “Valoel, I—”
She cut me off. “I was never here. I saw nothing. Leave you two to solve this.” I looked up just in time to see her disappear.
“This is… I… Air. Lumens. I need to… I need air.”
He needed air all the way in Lumens? Yeah, that sounded about right.
Nodding was all I could manage, as the voice at the back of my head kept saying, “Oh. My. God. Abigail. Cells. You. Are. In. So. Much. Trouble!”


















DESIRE

Guilt.
It was eating away at me.
“Abby, are you all right?”
Dammit, Gideon could tell there was something wrong.
My thoughts were at war. Tell him. Don’t tell him. Nothing happened. Of course something happened. Tristan is just a friend. Oh, that phrase isn’t helping anymore. Don’t tell him. Tell him. Don’t tell him.
“So, Valoel came back but you didn’t…where did you go?” I asked to distract myself. 
“I stopped by your house on the way back to check if your mother was home. She’s not, but there’s a new book on your bed.”
I turned my full attention to him. “A book?”
“Yeah, about a girl who ruined her future when she got pregnant at fifteen. I think she’s just worried about you.”
“I suppose if I look at it from her perspective, I can understand. A little. All she knows is that I suddenly have a boyfriend, one who has mysteriously managed to show up at her well-guarded compound more than once. But honestly, it’s getting on my nerves. My common sense didn’t just evaporate overnight. I’m not going to jump into bed with you, and I don’t know what I can say that will make her believe that.”
“You could remind her that you’re well-armed. That might work.”
“If only it were that easy.” 
“Besides, hold on just a second.” Gideon pulled my face close to his. “You’re not going to jump into bed with me? Never?”
“No. I mean, yes, I’d like to. I want to, someday, but right now, I’m not ready.” 
“I understand, but can I get a date and time here?” he asked teasingly.
“I’ll understand if you don’t want to wait, but… ” 
“We’ll wait as long as you want,” he said, backing away from me in mock horror. 
“Thanks for being so understanding.” Now that he was being all sweet and reasonable my guilt doubled. “I think I have another thing I need you to be understanding about.” Gideon pressed his nose to mine and then planted a kiss on my forehead. I actually wished he were being sarcastic now, instead of sweet. It would make it easier for me. 
“So tell me. What do I need to be understanding about?” I was having trouble swallowing around the huge dry lump that had suddenly formed in my throat.
“I almost kissed Tristan,” I blurted out, and immediately Gideon let go of me and pulled away.
The first thing I noticed in his eyes was something akin to pain, but it vanished so quickly that I couldn’t be sure I hadn’t just imagined it. A second later, they were flashing with anger.
And Gideon’s anger could be dangerous. Was Tristan safe? Was I? Wow, was anyone?
Gideon made for the door without saying another word to me. I had worried he would shout at me, but this silence was worse. Much worse. And now he was leaving.
Oh no.
Tristan.
“Gideon! I know you’re mad, but nothing happened. You have every reason to be angry with me, but really: nothing happened. This isn’t Tristan’s fault.”
Still silence.
“It wasn’t my intention to make you angry. I’m so, so sorry.” Gideon was still livid, but at least he was away from the door. “You don’t have to forgive me for this, but really, nothing happened. True, it shouldn’t have even almost happened. Don’t ever forgive me if you don’t want to, but please, don’t hate me.”
“For crying out loud, Abigail Cells, don’t put words in my mouth. I couldn’t hate you, even if I tried.” I rushed to him, and stretched up on my tiptoes to press my lips to his.
I thought for sure he was going to pull away, so it came as a surprise when he kissed me back, gripping my hips and pulling them closer to his. My guilt disappeared. 
I felt a current run through me when he deepened the kiss, parting my lips. A spin and my back was against the door. A wave of desire rushed through me, and I reached up, digging my fingers into his hair, pressing tighter against him until there was no space left between us.
His hands moved from my waist and up my body. The thrill was unbelievable. And I wanted more. I brought my hands to his chest and slid them down his hard stomach, tracing the muscles with eager fingertips. He moved his hands from my back and slid them beneath my top. His hands shifted from my ribcage, moving up and up. A soft moan escaped my lips. The touch of his hands on my body was a revelation.
And then suddenly he was lifting me. I wrapped my legs around his waist, my lips not once leaving his. I kissed him harder. We moved, and my back hit something soft. Gideon’s arms tightened around me, his hands were everywhere on my body. I whispered his name, moving my hips against his. His lips left my mouth, tracing kisses down my jaw, down my throat, and down, down my chest. With a single tug of my top, we broke apart, but only for the second it took for him to pull my shirt over my head. My heart was bursting with excitement. Passion. Need.
Sliding his hands behind my head, he brought his lips back to my mouth, gently laying me down. With each touch his fingers burned into my skin, sending a rush of heat and yearning through me. My hands trembled as I reached for his shirt, trying to yank it away with our lips still sealed.
My hands pressed against his hard, bare chest when I’d yanked his shirt off, tossing it away. I stopped thinking and gave myself over to my heart’s desires as it pounded loudly. Gideon’s lips left mine once again, moving down my neck until they found my chest, his lips claiming me. My body was on fire, and each touch left me craving more. 
The need was overpowering. I shifted, sliding my hand to the back of his head and sinking my mouth into his. He eagerly kissed me back. His hands trailed down my thighs, moving gingerly under my skirt and up to my waistline. Our pulses matched, racing, humming a tone of pleasure. 
I groaned as he tugged at the waistband of my panties, and I ran my hands down his chest.
Without warning he abruptly pulled away from me, leaving me panting. 
Gideon was now standing at the far end of the bed, trying to catch his breath. A bed? Where the heck did that come from? Gideon had absolutely nothing in his room when I’d got here, but now there was a bed. 
Gideon’s eyes moved greedily up and down my body, filled with the kind of hunger I knew ended with him ripping the rest of my clothes off. I was pretty sure the same look was on my face.
“Put this on.” He handed me my top. I crossed my arms over my red bra. As my blood began to cool I became suddenly shy. I was still trying to find my breath when I slid my arms into my top.
OK, so maybe the feelings we had for each other were a little stronger than I’d thought.
My gaze rested on his chest. I tried to look away, but it was no use.
“You didn’t kiss Tristan like that did you?” he asked.
Tristan? “Who?” I had no idea what he was talking about. My gaze was still glued to his chest. I wanted to cross the short space between us and feel the warmth of his body once more. I wanted to…
“I’m distracting you,” he interrupted my daydreaming. He snapped his fingers, and a shirt appeared on his body.
Please take it off. Gideon smiled as if he’d heard me. Had I said that out loud?
Finally the spiderwebs in my head had cleared away, and Gideon’s question from a moment ago made sense. “No,” I assured him. “I did not kiss Tristan like that.”
He smiled at this, but he didn’t look convinced. “I am a very jealous guy who doesn’t like to share, and you are mine.”
“Yours? Gideon, I’m not a possession you can own.”
He pulled me close. “No, you’re not.” He placed my hands on his heart, “but you are mine.”
When he put it that way, it sounded romantic. “Yours.” I whispered.
He nuzzled against my ear. “Say it,” he whispered, his lips so close I could feel his breath.
“I’m yours.” Gideon gripped my hips, pulling me tightly against him, and his lips were on mine again. This kiss didn’t last as long, because I pushed him away and put a question to him.
“So, does my being yours mean you are mine?” 
“Well, if you want to put a label on it.”
“You’re a jerk.” I brushed my fingers along his collarbone. “ I have to ask: Where did the bed come from?” 
“I have no idea,” he said. “I told you, sometimes I do things without meaning to. It doesn’t usually work out this well, though.” My eyes met his, and we both laughed. I loved the sound of Gideon’s laughter; it was a sound I knew I would never get tired of.




















BEAUTIFUL LAIR
Tristan

“I almost did it, I almost 
believed in happy endings.”


Mars. 
I had come all the way to Mars and still I felt like I wasn’t far away enough from Abigail. 
Try as I might, I didn’t understand why I’d allowed myself to act the way I had. Especially when I knew very well that Gideon had finally found someone he didn’t want to immediately kill, and knew what a rarity that was. I’d let myself jeopardize that. I hadn’t just failed the Challenge: I’d failed Abigail. I wished I could take back those moments of weakness, those moments we’d shared. Then again, deep down inside, I didn’t actually wish to lose a single one. 
Tristan, where are you? Why is your human here in Grands?
Great, just what I needed: King Daligo on my case.
I didn’t even bother to reply to him. I simply transported myself to the Grandinian Great Hall. He was there, and so was my father and Valoel.
An anonymous Grandinian official of some sort was briefing the three of them when I arrived. “Yes, Your Majesty. Gideon was spotted in the Grandinian Town Square with a human. At this point, he has not injured anyone. All the same, bands of warrior angels are on alert.”
Gideon had taken Abigail to the town square? They were out sightseeing? Maybe she hadn’t told him I’d almost kissed her. Maybe she had, and had managed to smooth things over. Or maybe Gideon just wanted an audience when he got his revenge. No. No, I honestly didn’t think he’d hurt her. I didn’t think he’d hurt anyone in front of her. He’d changed. Or, rather, she’d changed him. I hope.
My father pulled me aside. “Did you know anything about this?”
“What is she doing here? Did you bring her?” King Daligo asked before I could answer. “And why are you here instead of with her?”
“She’s with Gideon.” I told them. That didn’t appear to satisfy them. I should have expected that. “He seems to have come to respect and care for her. I know that he’s normally wild, but I think she’s safe with him. I wouldn’t have left her if I’d thought she was in danger.”
King Daligo looked confused “Did you fail?”
“Maybe. But I really think she’s safe with him.” My father and Daligo looked surprised at this, but Valoel did not. I couldn’t read her expression at all. 
Father opened his mouth and closed it and opened it again. “She could expose us.”
But she couldn’t. She was ruined. If she talked to anyone right now, what would they think? She’d romanced angels, she’d traveled to a bustling city in a dark realm, she’d teleported vast distances instantaneously. She could tell anyone she liked about what had happened to her these past months, and she wouldn’t be believed.
We weren’t in danger. She was.
I had really messed up in the guardian angel department.
All the same, I’d have thought everyone would have been a little bit happier to have Gideon cutting back on the wanton slaughter. 
“Valoel, did you know about this?” my father asked. Suddenly the eyes of both kings were on her, fierce and bright, but she didn’t even flinch.
“I didn’t think it concerned me at all.” I had to admire her bravery, talking to a king in that tone of voice. To two kings. Valoel was made of stern stuff.
“You didn’t think it concerned you? I thought you realized this concerned everyone. The very fate of humanity hangs in the balance.”
Valoel laughed. “When this Challenge was arranged, you thought about Tristan and Gideon. You thought about yourselves. You didn’t think much about humanity at all. You certainly didn’t think of Abigail. You had every reason to believe my brother would kill her; I know you did, because I did, too. Don’t try heaping guilt on me for not thinking of the grand balance of the universe. Tristan and Gideon both succeeded. They both failed. Don’t blame me for the fact that you never considered that possibility.” And then she didn’t even wait for the monarchs to answer her. She snapped her fingers, and she was gone. The girl had style.
After a moment of stunned silence my father placed his hand on my shoulder. “Tristan, you have to make this right. Take the human back. Take her back home, and make her forget everything.”
Wait? What? “No, I can’t do that. I can’t do that to.”
“ But our entire existence depends on you making this right.” King Daligo wasn’t pleading. He was demanding.
“She’s only one human. She can’t hurt you. She can’t hurt us. Please, don’t ask this of me. Gideon is finally not hurting people every second because of that human, and I’m not going to change that just because you’re afraid she might tell another human or two about our existence. I’m not doing it.” 
Then I vanished. I went to the Chase home. When I got there, only Valoel was home. Gideon and Abigail weren’t back from their tour of the square yet.
“Let me guess,” Valoel asked, “they sent you to clean up their mess for them.”
Valoel was sitting with her legs tucked under her on a sofa in the living room. Against the huge cushions of the sofa she looked small. She looked her age. In short, she didn’t look at all like a girl who’d shouted down two monarchs a few minutes ago.
I nodded. “They just want me to make it right. They want me to make Abby forget.”
“Gideon is going to be pretty mad if you take Abigail away from him. Didn’t they think about how he might react?”
Tell me something I don’t know.
“I should never have let him bring her here.”
“He’s hard to stop once he sets his mind on something: he’d have brought her here with or without you. Besides, it’s not your job as her guardian angel to micromanage her life for her”
“But I have to do something.” 
“Why this? Why you?” She stood up and suddenly seemed self-assured. Powerful. Older. Her voice was not that of a typical Teen Vogue subscriber.
“Because I’m the…” I’m the way? Why was I always the one who have to make the hard decisions?
Valoel grabbed my hands when I didn’t continue. For someone who looked so fragile she had a very strong grip. “Let it out, Tristan.”
I wasn’t sure what she meant at first, but then I realized she wanted me to finish my sentence and I didn’t want to, so I said, “there’s nothing, I’m fine.”
“Tristan let it go.” She said this with her teeth pressed together as if she was afraid if she opens her mouth she might do something she’ll regret.
I was surprised to hear myself say, “I can’t!” I realized I wasn’t just saying it: I was shouting it. I tore myself away from her.
“Now we’re getting somewhere.” Valoel flashed a cryptic Mona Lisa smile and sat back down on the sofa. “Tell me, I’ll listen.”
“What do you want me to say?” I asked angrily. “That I don’t want to be a hero? How sometimes I feel like the human race doesn’t deserve saving, because so many of them are cruel and heartless? They cause each other so much pain, and I can’t be around them without their suffering pressing in on me.
“God, sometimes I just want to disappear! For a second there I thought I might be happy, just for a minute. Finally, Gideon isn’t adding to the daily mountain of human horror. Nope, there are complications now that he’s stopped. It’s endless. It’s just endless.”
Something new was stirring in me. I could feel the rush. This is how it really felt to be angry. I’d seen anger, and I thought I’d even tasted it, but this? This deep resentfulness and bitterness? This made me realize that I’d never really seen anger, just its shadow. I had always considered anger a sign of weakness, and maybe the fact that I was angry meant that I was weak. But it also meant that I cared. Right to the soul of me, I cared. Sympathy for the people I saved was one thing. Anger that I had to save them? Anger that didn’t sap my strength? That must mean I was invested. I cared.
Caring made the idea of failure more terrifying.
“Valoel, I don’t know if I can go on being a hero. I’m not qualified for the title. I can’t save everyone, and that lets down not only the people I don’t save, but also everyone who has faith in me.”
“Finally,” Valoel boasted, her eyes dancing with joy, “I fixed you.” 
“You didn’t fix me, Valoel, you broke me. I’m not supposed to be broken. I have to be whole for everyone. I have to be the hope when there is none.”
“You can’t save everyone? You’re can’t do absolutely everything? That’s always been true. You just never admitted it to yourself. The people whose expectation is that you should are being unreasonable. You’re right to be upset, the world sucks, and you have a right to be upset some people think it’s up to you make it stop sucking. Let go of it.” She took me by the shoulders. “Let go of the weight of the world. Just for a minute or two. Just for a moment let me carry it for you, so that you can breathe again, so that you can live again.” 
My eyes stung with tears that I fought to keep back. This time they weren’t for the universe. They were for me. Because I was only a vessel. Because I was imperfect and limited and vulnerable. And because I had to accept all that.
“Let it all go,” Valoel whispered, and pulled me into her arms. I allowed myself to cry.
When I finally let the tears spill over, I felt lighter. I felt something I’d never felt before, something that had always been there, under the truth. Freedom.



































BROKEN ANGEL

I stayed in Valoel’s arms for a while, and then I pulled myself together and stepped out of the circle of her embrace, wiping my eyes and nose on my shirtsleeve. 
Valoel reached into my shirt pocket. “Pink sunglasses? Really?” I barked out a little of the choked, giddy laughter that follows a crying jag. “They clash with your wings,” she continued. “But it does look good on you. You could be a sunglasses model”
While I laughed, Valoel stared at me, into me, with happiness in her eyes, “you’re going to be fine, although you do come off as a blowhard—well, maybe blowhard isn’t the word I’m looking for. Overbearing, maybe? ”
“I’m overbearing?”
“You’re a little too Capital N Noble. The world has problems, and lo! You must swoop down and fix them all. And you’re terribly sure of yourself, applying your solutions without considering they might not be the best ones.”
“What?”
“Gideon told me about the nightmare you gave Abigail. There might have been ways to protect her that didn’t involve meddling with her mind. As it turns out, she considers that kind of meddling a, a violation. But you jumped right in anyway. And you’re considering jumping in again.”
“I need to do something.” Anything. I couldn’t sit back and just do nothing.
But I realized Daligo’s concern about Gideon didn’t seem to be rooted in any actual concern for Abigail or her safety, and I had to find out what the real reason for it was.
“You can’t do what they’re asking of you to Gideon. For the first time in his life he’s happy, and you can’t just take that away from him. And when he’s happy, everyone is safe.”
“Are we even sure he isn’t pretending to be happy?” I asked, needing a reason to do what I was about to do. I knew what the kings were asking of me was wrong, but I knew they wouldn’t ask if it weren’t important.
Valoel’s voice took on a sharp edge of impatience. “You know he’s not pretending Tristan. You could tell if he was.”
She was right. Sharing Gideon’s emotion had come in handy. It was the only real assurance I had that Abigail was going to be safe when I left her with him.
Valoel reached out for my forehead, as though she thought I might be feverish. But when her fingers touched me, I screamed.
Everything went black. 
I was sitting next to a young boy with tousled black hair, an eleven-year-old Gideon Chase. In his hand was a doll in sparkly pink frills whose hair had long ago been brushed into an unmanageable snarl. He gave me a sheepish grin. “Oh, hey. It’s you. Um, the doll isn’t mine, you know.”
“Too bad,” I said. “I was going to ask where you got those shoes for her. Cute!”
“Yeah, go on ahead a laugh. You don’t get it. You don’t have a little sister.”
“I’m feeling pretty glad about that right now.”
“I promised Valoel that I’d play school with her this morning. We spent two solid hours going over the alphabet with Barbie here and a stuffed unicorn. Two hours, I was just about ready to jump off a cliff.”
“Trust me, Sela got me to do this with her last week, so I know what you’re feeling”
Gideon threw the doll and it landed on the floor beside his wardrobe. “I have everything ready, did you bring yours?”
Nodding, I showed him the contents inside the bag I held. He gave me a satisfying nod. “We should go to school, it would be more fun there.” I said.
“I still think your father hates you. It’s the only explanation I’ve got for him enrolling you in a human school.” Gideon have said this so many times that now I was starting to believe him. It was no secret that I hated school, but dad had insisted interacting with humans would be a valuable experience for a future guardian angel. I half suspected that Gideon tagged along with me because he felt sorry for me .
Our classmates were playing, and playing badly, I might add, at our school’s indoor field. Gideon and I were following the action from the rafters and lighting supports above the field, carrying a pillowcase full of water balloons. 
“Oh, I would never have missed that goal. That’s it. I call Sean, that redhead there. The game’s not going to suffer without him.” Gideon threw one of his water balloons. His aim was dead on. 
“Hey!” we were already dodging behind one of the lights when the scream came. Sean was drenched, and he cursed at us as he stormed off.
“Bet I can hit the center-back before you can.” I said pointing at him.
“Aaron? He’s the biggest jerk of them all. He’s mine. If anyone drops a water balloon on that pile of crap it’s going to be me.”
“Not if I get him first.”
“You’re on, Your Highness.” He bowed like he always did when he wanted to piss me off.
My balloon was ready and so was Gideon’s.
One.
Two.
A scream, a cry for a help, a splash, another scream, and I was standing on the field beside a bewildered Peter, a nerdy classmate of ours in cheap-looking shin guards, and I was holding a sparking light fixture that had missed the boy’s head by inches a few seconds before. 
The rest of the team gathered around to be sure Peter was all right. Aaron was soaking wet.
Gideon had sent one of the lights careening toward the players to distract me. When I’d gone off to catch the fixture, he’d taken his shot at Aaron. Hit him square on the top of his head, too. He was a good shot, but he’d still cheated, creating a distraction like that. That was Gideon in a nutshell: , he was good, but he still cheated.
“That wasn’t fair!”
“Then order my head on a platter, Your Highness. Don’t be such a baby. I used your balloon to splash him, so in a way it was a victory for you, too.”
There was no winning with this guy. “OK. Oh, no! I think your sister tracked us down.” I pointed at nothing behind him, and as soon as he turned to look, I snatched his water balloon from his hands and crushed it into his head. “What? I used your balloon, so in a way it’s victory for you, too.” I mimicked him.
I started laughing, and a second later he joined in. “Nicely done, you’re a worthy opponent”
“You could have killed that kid with the light, you know,” I said after a beat.
Gideon shrugged. “He annoys me. And please don’t get all righteous on me now. I haven’t even had lunch.”
The best way to get your message across to Gideon was to speak his language. “Ooh… righteous.” I teased. “Big word. Been studying vocabulary cards between water balloons?”
He laughed. “Heard it from the baseball coach” he said. “Fine. I’ll stop attacking the team. I know it hurts you, too.” I crossed my arms across my chest. “You want me to say it? OK, you won.”
Gideon snapped his fingers, and we were in a park standing near a set of swings. I wasn’t sure where; It looked like a million different parks in a million different places. And just as they were on a million other swingsets all over the world, children were playing here, having fun. I knew he’d brought me here because he’d wanted me to stop hurting. He knew Peter’s cries was making me weak. I thanked him. 
“Stay here until you feel a little better. You know where to find me.” He gave me another exaggerated bow, and then he vanished.
Seconds later, my father appeared. “Come with me.” I blinked, and when I reopened my eyes, we were hanging in midair off the coast near the capital city of Grands. Below us almost a third of the city was under water. Raging winds threatened to send high waves even further inland.
“Grands doesn’t get storms like this. We don’t think is natural. We think Gideon might have caused this. Tristan, you have to get in there and stop him.”
I reached out with my mind, but I didn’t sense Gideon’s presence. This storm might be terrifying, might be unprecedented, but it was still just a storm. Mother Nature was causing this, not Gideon. But Father was so sure, so very sure. 
We flew higher, above the storm, and I could see the swirl of clouds stretched over the black seawater. In the center of the swirling, a column of still, clear air.
“You can stop it. I think you’re strong enough to stop him, to end this.”
Suddenly, I could see my Father was not so much sure that Gideon was behind this as frightened that he was.
I wanted to tell father I couldn’t stop the storm, and I was just as scared as he was, but I didn’t want to disappoint him.
The fear of the residents of Grands was sapping the strength from me second by second, but my father’s fear weakened me even more. 
At last, I closed my eyes, and dove into the center of the spiraling storm.
The winds caught at me at once, the air moving so fast I could barely breathe it. I tumbled through the sheets of rain, through the mist, and slammed into the surface of the sea. My bones felt like they shattered within me at the impact. I tried to calm the waves, but my strength wasn’t enough. I might as well have tried to bail out the city of Grands with a teacup.
Father would be disappointed. I didn’t know if I could face it, and decided I simply wouldn’t. I stopped fighting to stay above the water. I stopped trying to subdue the winds. Whatever Father might think, I wasn’t strong enough to stop this storm on my own.
And then, suddenly, I wasn’t on my own.
Gideon materialized in the water beside me.
“What are you doing!” he shouted at me. “Are you trying to get yourself killed?” 
I tried to open my mouth and answer him, but my strength wasn’t enough to keep me above the waves
Gideon looked around frantically, an eleven-year-old boy, looking, as eleven-year-old boys do, for someone to help him. I knew he was frightened, but in spite of that he didn’t leave me alone. Struggling himself with the waves, he was still trying to help me. 
“I need to get you out of here. Take my hands.” Gideon reached out to take my hand, to pull me to safety if he could. He caught me in his grip, and the moment he did, something happened. Immediately my strength was restored. More than restored. Power surged through both of us, and then beyond us, rippling outward with a shock wave that crushed everything before it. The storm was spun wildly, whipped into funnel clouds that snaked along the shore. The rain became a torrent, and then abruptly stopped. The ocean surged outward away from us. So did the land. The very air grew heavy with clouds that would never dissipate. 
Together, we had destroyed the storm. We had nearly destroyed the entire realm of Grands along with it.
We flew back toward the Palace, and from the courtyard King Daligo cried out, “There he is! Gideon! I knew he was behind all this.”
“No.” I put myself between Daligo and Gideon. “No, he wasn’t there when the storm started. He went into the storm to save me. He risked his life for mine.” I turned around to Gideon. “Thank you doesn’t seem like enough, but, well, thank you.” 
He looked away. “You’re not, like, going to hug me, are you?” he teased. I raised my arms to shrug and he backed away from me in mock fear. “Dude, don’t ever do that, you touch me and I’ll cut you.”
Both of us laughed, a painful laughter that somehow didn’t feel so painful.
My father stood at Daligo’s shoulder. “Tristan, get away from him.” Father looked as frightened as he had at the height of the storm, perhaps even more. Only now, he was frightened of Gideon. 
“He’s my friend!” I shouted back, taking Gideon’s hand. Thunder rumbled in the distance, and the clouds above the palace began to darken ominously. 
“Get away from him anyway, Son,” my father said, casting a nervous glance skyward. “Calm down. The both of you.”
My mother and Queen Lailah were in the courtyard, ankle deep in the dust and rubble. Their eyes were frightened, but they had composed their features so that the fear was almost completely hidden. A little girl with deep golden hair, Valoel was beside my father. In her hand she held a doll dressed in sparkly pink frills. Gideon’s parents stood between two palace guards.
They all took their turns trying to placate us, pleading with us to calm ourselves. But I couldn’t be calm. Not when they were still blaming Gideon for the storm. Not when I was afraid they would punish him. “He didn’t start this! It wasn’t him!”
“Stop! Calm down!” King Daligo shouted above the thunder that strike. He turned to Valoel. “Make them stop!”
But we didn’t stop, and Valoel didn’t even move, she stayed where she was as if she hadn’t heard the king. I didn’t know what Gideon and I were doing, but the more I thought of what was going to happen to him, to us, I got angrier. Father was going to keep him away from me, and he was probably the only friend I had. The only friend who wanted to play with me and get into water-balloon wars with me and forget the fact that I was some kind of a freakshow, a save-the-world freak show.
“Madalong!” this time it was Gideon’s father who shouted looking at Valoel. Valoel only moved her head in our direction, and the next thing I knew, she was no longer a littler girl, but rather a tall, sharp-eyed, full-grown woman. 
She stepped gingerly over the broken stone in the courtyard and came toward us until she was standing beside the kings. She took a step closer. Daligo tapped her on the shoulder, like a little boy hoping to ask his mother a favor. “See what they’ve done?” he said. “See what they can do when they’re together? They’re dangerous. They need to be destroyed.”
My parents went pale, and my father was about to object when Valoel beat him to it. “I can’t do that, but I can keep them separated.”
She was calm. In fact, it looked to me like she wasn’t even blinking.
If I had been unnerved by Valoel’s transformation, Gideon was doubly so. I tried to imagine him having a tea party with a stuffed unicorn and this fantastical creature in front of us. Couldn’t do it. 
“Raising you apart was not enough. You found each other. We should have known you would. You are going to have to be apart, and you are going to have to want to stay apart.” A flicker of sadness softened, for a moment, her deep unblinking eyes. “I am sorry. So very sorry. You have to forget now.”
And I had, until this very moment. The memories had been plucked from my mind as though they were a few teaspoons removed from a bucket of water. There was no hole left to fill, and the surface closed back over them and smoothed. I had not even realized anything was gone.
Now that Valoel had restored them, I reeled, happy to have discovered Gideon as a friend, and devastated over the lives that friendship had taken. The memories were powerful, both good and bad, and Valoel had wiped them away for a reason.
Why make me remember it at all?
The Valoel in front of me now was the teenage girl I knew, the one who wore plastic bangle bracelet. “How old are you, really? ”
“Old enough.” She smiled despite what was happening. “Your friendship with Gideon was a real one. I’m sorry it had to be ended.”
“id you show me this and remind me we were friends because you want us to renew that friendship?”
“I’m sorry. I can’t tell you.” Valoel said this in a casual voice, as if my question weren’t important at all. “I’d like to, but I can’t.”
“Well, if you’d like us to be friends again, there is that whole ‘he’s evil’ thing to overcome.”
“You saw him as a child. He was thoughtless—so are most children—but he didn’t start out evil. Every moment that he remembers is one in which blame for the destruction of Grands has been hanging over him and him alone. It didn’t bring out his good side.”
“You made him evil.”
“No, the people who heaped their scorn on him when he was an eleven-year-old child made him evil. But I, I didn’t help. This whole situation was not one of my successes.”
My hands clenched into fists at my sides. “I grew up practically friendless. You took away all the memories of the only friend I ever had. You took away every happy memory. Every one.”
“You’re angry. That’s good.” Again Valoel was calm and unblinking. “Erasing memories often has wide-ranging and unexpected consequences.” Her tone was conversational and congenial, as though we were discussing the weather. “So, please, for the sake of all of us, don’t do what Daligo and your father are asking of you. Leave Abigail’s memories intact. Remember how this feels. Spare her from it.” And then she was gone.
She was gone, and I couldn’t even sense her. There was no way I could track her down and get answers to the millions more questions I had. 
I decided to work off some of my frustration by pacing, so I transported myself to a sunlit field in Lumens.
I was so often weighed down by pain, by sadness, my own or someone else’s. One moment of happiness, one joyful memory, that’s all I asked for. And, quite possibly, I was never going to get it. It seems happy endings weren’t made for souls like mine.
I was still pacing when I heard a voice summoning me.
Tristan, I’m free now. If you are, too, come see me at my humble abode. 
D. Spending time with her might be a welcome distraction. 
I’m on my way. 
Her message couldn’t have come at a better time. I needed answers, and she just might have them.

ALMOST PARADISE
Gideon

It won’t survive,” I said, taking Abigail’s rose. She’d insisted that we plant it outside my window. “It doesn’t have any roots, and even if it did, this place isn’t much of a garden.” I don’t know why, but even though I knew the flower was only going to die, when Abby asked me to do this for her as a favor, I gave in. For one thing, it kept us away from my bedroom. After that rather wow make-out session we had, I couldn’t look at her without wanting to rip her clothes off.
“Just dig a hole Gideon.” Yes ma’am.
“If it dies, don’t say I didn’t warn you.” I dug a small hole, but digging in Grandinian soil isn’t a very good idea. A wave of heat rose out of the ground that was so strong it singed the hair on my forearms. I pulled Abigail away from it, and then I planted the rose for her in that baking soil.
“See?” she said joyfully. “This rose represents us, and how we can overcome anything together.” And there it was, a small, beautiful thing scorched by waves of searing heat, fresh and bright and hopeful when it shouldn’t be. It also had a few angry thorns. It represented us, all right. 
I was fuming inside over her and Tristan, but I was trying to play it cool. I didn’t want my anger to get the best of me. With Abigail beside me, I couldn’t afford to lose control.
It was ironic, though, that after Tristan had spent all this time frightened of what might happen if I were alone with Abby it turned out I should have been worried about what might happen when she was alone with him. They’d been together for one afternoon, working on homework, and it had ended with the two of them almost kissing.
Almost kissing? What the hell did that even mean?
Gideon, calm down! I reminded myself.
“Let’s go inside, my little floral fortune teller,” I teased, and I was about to snap my fingers and transport us into the living room when I ran into Valoel coming out of the house. She had been distracted by her conversation with someone who was in the doorway.
A someone with beautiful tangerine- hair. Princess Sela.
Val introduced her to Abigail, and the two of them clicked almost instantly. Abigail showed off her newly-planted rose, and Sela joked with her about her brightly-patterned socks, so unlike anything she herself would be allowed to wear at the Palace. “I love the little potatoes on them!” she enthused.
“What? They’re not potatoes. They’re supposed to be little hearts.”
“They don’t look very much like hearts.”
“They don’t look very much like potatoes, either.” And the two girls were laughing together like old friends.
Val explained that Sela had come looking for Tristan, and the look on her face suggested she thought I knew where he might be. I shrugged.
“Oh, look, a shooting star!” Abigail exclaimed, pointing to the sky. 
“That’s no shooting star,” Sela said, all laughter forgotten. 
Valoel also went quiet, which, for my sister, is a rarity. “Where’s Tristan?”
Abigail asked, “What do you mean about the shooting star?”
“It’s a falling angel,” Valoel clarified. “Whenever an angel is about to die, his passage lights up the sky of Grands. We call the streak of light, like that one, the angel’s soul.”
“Guys? Valoel? Why did you ask where Tristan was when you saw that thing?” Abigail asked.
“Because that star, Abigail, shines more brightly than any star I’ve ever seen,” Valoel answered. “I think it’s the prince’s.”
I waved my hand and a velvet armchair appeared. I sank into it and threw my legs over one of the arms. Tristan was probably about to die. I wouldn’t have to share his emotions or his thoughts, and I definitely wouldn’t have to share Abigail. Best news ever!
“Where is he now?” Abigail asked, her voice shaken with fear.
“With D. He’s gone to the Underworld,” Valoel answered, and I wondered why Tristan would do that, since he could probably not stand the pain of the countless long-dead souls there.
“Why would he go to the Grim Reaper?” Abigail asked tentatively.
“Beats me,” I laughed, “but do tell me when you find out.” 
“You seem awfully relaxed.” Valoel knocked my feet off the armrest and glared.
“Why shouldn’t I be?” The guy had made a move on my girlfriend. Dying should be like a vacation to him compared to what I could do to him. And it certainly felt like a vacation to me. 
“You should be concerned because without Tristan here to guard Abigail from you, she isn’t truly safe. You know she isn’t.” I stood up from my chair when I saw the quick flash in Abigail’s eyes as she realized that what Val said was true. 
“He’d better not be dead when we find him.”
I didn’t like hearing that even now Abigail needed Tristan, and I especially didn’t like knowing that what she needed him for was to protect her from me. I was a different angel than I’d been when I met Abigail, but I could never be sure the old Gideon wouldn’t try to hurt her one day. It killed me to admit it, but without Tristan lurking about, I couldn’t stay with Abigail. I might not always be strong enough to stop myself from acting rashly, and I had to count on him to be.
I had to be sure he lived. Ironic right?
“We need to bring him back.” Valoel’s voice was straight and true, her teenage slouchiness gone. She turned to Sela. “I’ll call on the hosts of the warrior angels. We can’t hope to bring anyone back from the Underworld without an army.”
Sela nodded, seemingly unsurprised that Val was taking the lead. “Val,” I interrupted, “you’re just a kid. Sela is a princess of this realm. Don’t get in over your head.”
Valoel’s eyes shone, and she set her jaw. “Sela cannot lead the host. She is not among the Hashmallim, the Dominions.” She spread her wings, dark and powerful, and prepared to leave to gather her army.
Abigail steadied herself. “I’m coming with you.”
“The Underworld is a dangerous place for any mortal, Abby. Today, it may be even more dangerous. There may be a battle.”
“And I can handle myself in battle.”
I looked at Abigail as though I’d never seen her before. She was clearly afraid, but just as clearly, she was excited.
Just like me.
Before, I had been attracted by all that Abby and I had in common—the isolation, the deadly skill—it was intoxicating. But now I  worried that everything that made her like me put her in danger. If there was going to be a war with the Underworld, there was no guarantee that I would see her again. “Let me take you home, Abby,” I offered in a tone that sounded more like demanding than suggesting. 
“Don’t start, Gideon,” she snapped angrily. “I don’t want to go home. I want to help find Tristan, and I’m not leaving until we do. If the situation were reversed he would come to help me.”
I was still trying to come up with a brilliant rejoinder, something along the lines of “so what?” when Valoel reappeared. “The angels are ready,” she said. With a snap of her fingers, we were standing in front of the Grandinian Palace.
A murmur went through the crowd as soon as we arrived. “It’s Gideon!”
The sky was filled with row upon row of warrior angels, thousands of them, with bright-edged weapons. All of them looked uneasily at me, and some looked ready to flee. Abigail looked at me even more uneasily. Yep, I thought. Everything Tristan told you about me is true.
Valoel snapped her fingers, and a sword appeared, which she held above her head. “He’s with us!” Valoel shouted to the warriors.
“Why should we trust him?” a voice called out from the crowd.
“Don’t. Trust me,” Val replied. I thought I was the only one she ordered around like that.
Sela closed her wings around herself, and when she spread them again she was clad in silver armor. “Enough of this! We’re all here for Tristan. All of us, Even Gideon.”
“Maybe Gideon just wants to drag this human alive into the Underworld,” another voice called out, an archer, far at the back. “Maybe it’s just another game to him, and he doesn’t want Tristan at all.”
The crowd’s murmur grew to a roar as all of the warriors talked at once. I couldn’t make out the words, but I’m betting none of it was praise for me. I was used to hearing people insult me, but I wasn’t used to Abigail hearing it. That was unbearable.
I materialized in front of the archer. “I want Tristan, trust me,” I said, and ripped the angel’s heart out of his chest. His body fell to the ground, and the arrows in his quiver skittered across the cobblestone courtyard of the Palace.
“Anyone else have concerns to share?” I shouted, the heart still in my hand, blood dripping through my fingers. “Anyone else question my motives?”
I questioned my own motives, actually, but they didn’t need to know that. The angel’s blood cooled on my skin and ran in horrible streams down my arm. “We…we were…” The angel who murmured this started screaming because I began inflicting pain on him with my mind. He went down on his knees as his screams got louder. In that moment, I realized how much I’d missed killing, and how easy, how sweet, it was to change into the monster I’d been before.
“Gideon, stop!” It was Abigail. “You said you’d change.” She gaped at me, and suddenly I actually regretted killing someone. Or did I just regret killing him in front of her?
“I am changing. I’m trying to!” I said, but she just shook her head.
“You were so close.”
Sela appeared between us. In one hand she held a bow and quiver, the other hand rested on the proud neck of a gray winged horse. She handed the bow and quiver to Abby. “Take this,” she said, “you and I will go with Valoel. She’s leading half the Grandinian forces, and since you can’t transport yourself to the Underworld, you can take him.” She tipped her head to indicate the flying horse.
“Pegasus?” Abigail asked in wonder.
“No. Same species, but it’s not Pegasus,” Sela laughed. “His name is Heck, actually. He’s from my father’s stables.” 
Abigail situated herself on the horse’s broad back, just behind where the wings attached, and Sela handed her her bow. “If you feel like you’re losing your balance you can grab onto the mane. It doesn’t hurt him. You shouldn’t have much problem, though. Heck knows what he’s doing, and he’s been in battle before.”
I coughed. “So you’re leading half of this army, and, let me get this straight, my bratty little sister is leading the other half.”
“I don’t lead any of the forces. I am not a Hashmal.”
“So who’s leading the other warrior angels?”
Sela looked me dead in the eye. “You are.”
“What? I can’t lead them, and Abigail isn’t going to war.” I pointed at Abigail as if she couldn’t see us. “Her humanity has no place in the Underworld. She’s weak and—” out of nowhere Valoel appeared in front of me, only to casually reach out and snatch an arrow out of the air that had been on a course for my chest. Abigail’s bowstring was still thrumming.
I turned in surprise to Abigail. She lowered her bow when she saw my stunned face. Did she almost shoot me with a freaking arrow? “You’re pretty dangerous, aren’t you?” Valoel asked, raising an eyebrow. “I guess you two are meant for each other after all.” 
“I told you. I want Tristan back.” Her eyes never once left mine as she reached to take another arrow from her quiver. “Keep that in mind.” She narrowed her eyes. I recognized that look. It was the look that had been on her face the night she’d tried to kill Andrei.
Was she this worked up over Tristan? Over the angel that had thought I wanted to subject her to the tortures of hell?
“Abigail, those arrows are poisoned. Don’t waste them on my brother.” Valoel took off into the sky, and with her went hundreds of angels. Then they were gone, the last of their black banners disappearing in a flash. Heck leaped into the air with Abigail after them, and was gone as well.
I was left with hundreds of Grandinian soldiers, all of whom were looking to me to lead them. Me, who found out about this mere minutes ago. To someone who had any regard for the lives in his care, this responsibility might have sounded daunting. To me, it sounded like fun.
“Anyone who finds Tristan should let me know,” I shouted in what I hoped was a booming and commanding voice. I squeezed the heart in my hand. “Leave him to me.”




























WHITE SATIN
Abigail

“Father into thy hands, I commit my spirit.”
Luke 23:46 (The Holy Bible)


Abigail, breathe!
You can do this. You are doing it for Tristan!
And to think, this morning I’d actually worried about whether Sarah’s presentation for Mr. Bernard’s class was going to make ours look bad by comparison, and whether that might get us a B on the project. 
And now? Now I was on a flying horse headed for the realm of Death itself, and I was afraid of heights.
When Gideon had asked me to stay behind, I’d almost jumped at the chance, but I remembered what my father once said: “Bravery doesn’t mean not being scared. Bravery is being scared, and acting anyway.”
The air—was it air?—around me was filled with powerful, heavily-armed supernatural beings. Their faces bore expressions of grim determination. Behind me a serial-killing angel had been put in charge of a large number of similarly powerful heavily-armed supernatural beings. I was afraid even to look back at Gideon. At the moment, he scared me even more than the prospect of heading into the Underworld.
“We’re here!” Valoel shouted, and I looked down at an Iron Gate, taller than any tree I’d every seen, that seemed to radiate cold. In front of it were massed thousands of angels in armor bearing gray banner, probably the Lumenian army. I realized we were either going to leave with Tristan, or we weren’t going to leave.
“Stay close,” Valoel told me as she helped me off the horse. I could hear screaming voices beyond the gate, souls crying for help. Knowing I was powerless to help them made hearing their screams all the more terrible. 
“Princess,” said one of the Lumenian angels, bowing to Sela. 
Sela acknowledged the bow. “Yes?”
“We’ve tried everything, but we can’t get the door to open, Your Royal Highness.” 
From somewhere far back in the crowd Gideon’s voice called out. “What are you waiting for?” he asked as he slowly made his way through the ranks to us. 
“The gate is locked,” Sela answered.
Gideon took a step closer, and then out of nowhere a tiger and a lion appeared in front of the gate. I tightened my grip on Valoel’s hand. 
Gideon smirked when the menacing beasts fixed their eyes on him. “Panic and Pain,” he said. “Or are you still going by Deimos and Phobos these days?”
The lion roared, but Gideon didn’t even bat an eye, and then suddenly, he had the lion by the throat, holding it in the air as though it were just a kitten. “Pain!” he hissed. “Where is Tristan?” 
I thought it couldn’t get any weirder, but I was wrong. Before my eyes the lion and tiger transformed into people—a woman and a man, both young and extraordinarily beautiful. At least, I assumed the man would be beautiful, if he weren’t gasping and clawing at his throat. Gideon released his grip.
“Gideon! Welcome,” the man, Pain, said with a smile that wasn’t entirely convincing. He flinched when Gideon took a step toward him.
“Do you want to open the gate, Pain, or do you want me to do it?” He didn’t wait for an answer. Instead, he raised his left hand and released a powerful jet of flame that blasted against the cold iron. The gate cracked with a loud grating sound.
OK, my boyfriend can make fireballs, completely normal.
“Now don’t make me ask you about Tristan’s whereabouts a second time,” he threatened, and then, with a flick of his wrist, Pain was levitating in front of him. 
“He’s on his way to see D,” Pain wheezed. “Please, don’t kill me!” Gideon threw him to the ground with a crash and made his way to the gate. There was a shudder, and suddenly the gate was bristling with swords. Pain and Panic blocked his way.
“Really, guys? After I brought you catnip last week?”
“You cannot enter,” said Panic. “And don’t bother trying to fight, because you’re already surrounded.”
Sure enough, when I looked more closely at the shadows, I saw that they were filled with all sorts of hideous creatures that shouldn’t exist anywhere outside of nightmares. Their weapons rattled in the dark, and I imagined I could almost feel their icy breath on my skin. I squeezed my eyes shut, blocking out the sight of them. I figured if I couldn’t see them, my fear might subside a bit. 
My breath was now coming out sharply. Terror raced through my body as the screaming around us became louder and louder.
“Abigail,” Valoel whispered, “I think your aim is probably better with your eyes open.”
I forced myself to open them. “I’m fine,” I lied and inhaled deeply.
“Sorry about this, Gideon, but I’m afraid no one is going home today,” Panic rasped. 
“Everyone! It’s time!” Pain shouted.
Suddenly, spears flew in every direction. Many of the Lumenians and Grandinians were able to overlap their shields so that they formed a protective metal sphere around them that sent the spears bouncing off of it harmlessly. But others, not fast enough with their shields, fell screaming from the sky.
“You know, Gideon,” Panic shouted about the din, “I can see why you love killing. It’s quite a rush.” Gideon threw a fireball at Panic that sent him flying. The swords on the cracked gates were growing larger and larger, until their crossed blades knitted up the hole, as though the gate were healing itself. Gideon broke through some of the swords with another shot of flame and Valoel, Sela, and I managed to get inside with one-tenth? One twentieth? Of the angelic forces before the iron finally sealed itself completely behind us.
The land on this side of the gate was rocky and barren. The ground was hot to the touch beneath our feet, and sulphurous steam rose in wisps from it. The sound of the battle on the other side of the gate was muffled here, and seemed very far away.
Sela handed me a short sword. “Take this. You’ll need it. A sword is better for close-in fighting than a bow.”
I knew that. And I knew, somehow, that this was what I’d really been training for all those years.
Valoel looked over the small band of warriors that had managed to follow her inside the gate, and flew into the air to address them. “Brothers!” she shouted, and all eyes turned to her, “The demons have struck the first blow. It is almost certain that there will be war. Thousands of us came to the Underworld on this rescue mission, but only a few shall return. Be fierce during this visit to the Underworld. Make them tremble at the thought of keeping you here.”
Valoel’s words rattled me, but the soldiers were silent and still.
She continued. “Brothers, I’m not going to promise you tomorrow. The truth is, we are going to die, and the best we can do is to take as much of D’s army with us as we can!” The warriors cheered. “Do we want our families to weep tomorrow for their loss?” she asked, and the warriors shouted together, “No!”
“No!” she continued. “Tomorrow, we want them to toast to our victory!” The warriors shouted in agreement. Valoel threw her hands into the air, and suddenly the sky was filled with flaming arrows, all of them arching toward the gate.
I caught Valoel’s eye. “The warriors,” I asked in a hoarse whisper, “why don’t they care that they will all almost surely die?”
Valoel smiled and said, “It’s simple. Any angel would die for Tristan if need be, because without him, none of us will live. None of us. He is our only protection. The warriors know that if Tristan dies, they and their families are sure to die soon after.”
I didn’t understand. “But what are they afraid of? What is it that only Tristan can save them from?”
“Gideon,” she replied, and then she was gone.
Oh.
It seemed whenever I thought Gideon couldn’t really be all that evil, I was proven wrong. I clasped my medallion, breathed in deeply, and prepared for battle.
The first creature my sword slid into turned into ash, and I was so taken by surprise I almost dropped it and ran. But soon, the rocky soil around me was covered in ashes. Layers and layers of ash.
“Is that a human?” asked a gruff voice from the crowd.
Panic answered, from a position close on my left. “It is! A living human.” I raised my sword above my head and held it parallel to the ground to defend against a vertical blow from the sword of a demon with wide, froglike eyes. In my head I said a quick thank-you to my father for drilling me on defensive techniques, and realized that I might get to thank him in person all too soon. The thought actually made me laugh.
I looked through the crowd for Panic, and felt my feet slip beneath me. Stupid! I let myself lose my focus!
And then I realized that it was not that I had lost my footing. The ground itself had fallen away beneath me. 
I screamed as I spun downward in a deepening gyre of sand. I tried to call for help, but my lungs were caked in bitter stinging sand and ash. My victims?
“Abigail!” Above me, at the rim of the vortex, I saw Sela and Gideon. Sela got hit with an arrow, and then they both fell, shrieking, onto their backs on the hard-baked ground, and I couldn’t see them anymore.
“Gideon!” I screamed as I fell deeper, until the sand was crushing in on me from all directions, and I was whirled down into the darkness.







IMMORTALITY
Gideon

“Veni, vidi, vici: I came, I saw, I conquered”
Julius Caesar


I’ve been hit. 
The force of the blow knocked me flat, and my left shoulder was a node of white-hot pain. I went to pull out the arrow that had hit me, hoping to remove it before the poison on its tip had a chance to do me harm, and saw that there was no arrow. There was no wound at all.
Sela was sprawled in the sand beside me, and jutting from her shoulder was a black-feathered arrow.
I must have fallen when the arrow struck her.
Normally, I would want to think over the weirdness of a situation like that, but there wasn’t time. If I was uninjured, I had to save Abigail. I jumped into the smoking pit in the sand and shouted for her.
I hit the ground at the bottom of the whirlpool with a jarring thud. Even with my angel eyes it was too dark here for me to see. I waved my hands above me, and conjured a ball of light shaped like a half moon that feebly lit the place. Was this a cave? If so, it was enormous. I couldn’t see any evidence of the walls or ceiling. The darkness appeared to stretch in all directions without limit. All around me grew what looked like gravestones, living gravestones, with tough knotted roots that dug into the black earth. This is where death lived.
On any other day I would compliment D on the way she’d decorated the place, and possibly tease her about the decorations being a bit more effective if there were light to actually see them by. Today, the thing I noticed most about my surroundings was that Abigail was nowhere to be seen. I was scared to think of what might have happened to her.
I looked around for a way out. I knew D well, so I knew I wasn’t going to find a huge door with a flashing exit sign above it.
I made my way through the headstones, calling out to Abigail as I went. After a while I felt as though the dark, strange world was closing in. Angels didn’t have to breathe in order to survive, but for once, it felt as if I was losing my breath, and possibly my mind.
“Abigail!” I shouted more frantically, and then I heard an answer.
Hello. Anyone out there? Gideon, can you hear me? Not Abigail.
Tristan? Tristan, I can hear you. Where are you?
I’m standing on the Red Line, he answered sadly. You’re in the Underworld?
I was surprised. The Red Line?
The Red Line was the line that separated the living from the dead. Souls had to cross over it to enter the realm of death. At one time they’d had to cross a river, but D had said the river made her seasick, so she moved the border, marking it out on the ground in a line that stretched from horizon to horizon. You had to give her points for style.
Tristan, move away from that line, I warned him. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to bring him back from the line or push him over it myself, but the advice was sound either way.
I can’t. I tried. D said only someone who is alive can pull me back to the side of the living. Or I could cross over.
I swear if I find her I’m going to kill her, I thought. Then I realized how ridiculous that was. Do you remember how you got there?
No. He looked around him, and I saw through his eyes. He stood with his feet on a ghastly red line that stretched across a wide, empty field. On one side was thin, dry grass, and on the other, gray bare ground studded with headstones. D’s dog, Spot, was on the grassy side, wagging his tail. Sheesh, everybody really did like Tristan, even Spot.
I knew I had to save him, for Abigail, but I really didn’t want to. He had just made a move on my girlfriend, and I was going to pull him back from the brink of hell. I reminded myself I’d never hear the end of it from Abby and Valoel if I didn’t do this.
I’m surrounded by gravestones just like the ones behind you, I told him. I think I know how to find you. Just stay where you are, and I’ll come get you.
You’re coming to save me? Gideon, I think you’re going soft.
See what I mean? He’s a sarcastic little prat. Why is everyone so into this guy?
Don’t make me change my mind, I warned. I was saving him instead of looking for Abigail in the hope that once he was safe, we’d have a better chance of finding her, together. And then, when we’d found her, I could go back to my original plan of smashing his face in.
You came here alone? Tristan asked as I made my way toward him, knocking some of the headstones out of my way.
He had to know that wasn’t likely, or even possible, but I thought better of telling him.
Yeah. Abigail and Valoel want you alive, so… here I am, I lied. Tristan was right! I was going soft. Here I was trying to spare his feelings.
I ran and ran through what seemed like a never-ending graveyard without seeing any sign of Tristan or the Line. I began to worry that I was going in circles.
Maybe I should just cross over, and—
Don’t you dare! What would that accomplish? Just hang on. I came here to save you and I’m not leaving until I do.
I should have stopped and slap myself for saying this, but I plodded on, kicking up clouds of gray dust. It was going to be impossible to get that stuff out of my clothes. I tried to concentrate on that, and on Abigail being lost, and on my pain and Sela’s wound. Keeping my mind going helped me to keep my feet going.
Can you feel that? Tristan broke through my thoughts, and I could tell that he was almost hopeful.
At first I had no idea what he was talking about, but then I felt it. I felt his presence, and knew that he felt mine.
I think I can find you, I said with renewed energy, and I started heading toward the pull of Tristan’s presence. Finally, up ahead, I saw the edge of the clearing, and there was Tristan, standing on the Red Line. To my surprise, I was actually happy to see him.
You found me. Now I’m positive you like me, Tristan teased. He fluttered his lashes at me. “My hero!” Maybe I wasn’t so happy to see him.
Don’t psychoanalyze this, I said as I headed toward him. Before I could reach him, a scream stopped me.
There are often screams in this place, but this one was different. It sounded thin and insubstantial. I saw that high above Tristan a tiny figure had appeared, suspended in midair. It was wriggling up there, as though it were struggling against something.
Spot followed my gaze and saw the figure, too. And he barked.
This figure was a living being.
“Abigail!” I shouted when I recognized her. Her hands were tied behind her with invisible bonds, and every inch of her was bruised and bloodied. Before I could fly up to her, she disappeared.
“Gideon, was that Abigail?” Tristan asked, and never in my life I’ve I heard him sound so scared. “Is she OK? What’s going on?” 
“Yes, and don’t move” I said aloud. I was about to offer him my hand when Abigail reappeared.
Her disappearance and reappearance could only mean one thing. “Cut the crap, D. I know you’re there.”
D appeared beside Abigail, who was struggling to free herself. I charged at her, but she vanished, only to reappear behind me.
“Gideon, nice of you to drop in,” D said with a seductive grin on her lips.
“D, let them go.”
She laughed, “I must say, Gideon, I never imagined this day would come. You’re not happy to see me. You’re trying to save Tristan, and even trying to save a human.” She laughed again, and her voice filled me with rage. I knew she was trying to keep me from rescuing Tristan, so I turned from her and went back to him. Abigail started shrieking in pain, stopping me in my tracks.
D’s whispered close in my ear, saying, “You move, and I keep torturing her.”
“I swear, D, if I—”
She cut me off. “You’ll what?” She reached out a hand to Spot, who stopped barking and rolled over at her feet, hoping for a belly rub. “I can’t let you save Tristan, and I can’t let this human go, because, well, torturing her is kind of fun. Care to try?”
I was now standing between Abigail and Tristan, both within reaching distance, but I knew D wasn’t joking, so I didn’t move.
“What the hell do you want?” I couldn’t think how I was going to save Abigail and Tristan, and tried to buy myself time by keeping D talking.
“War,” D answered simply. “I want a war. I’m tired of doing the same thing day after day. I lead souls here to the Underworld and make sure that they cross over. It’s boring. It’s always the same, and it’s been the same for longer than anyone can remember. I want my freedom. I want to die and get my happy ending.”
Keep her talking. “Here’s an idea. Why don’t you go look for a new freaking job?”
“I’m bound to this job as long as those stupid humans exist.”
“What has Tristan got to do with this stupid plan of yours? The human race was around a long time before he was born.”
“I need Tristan out of the way. I need the Lumenians out of the way. I can’t have them trying to save the humans when I try to destroy them all.”
I launched a fireball at D while she was busy telling me her plans, hoping to catch her by surprise. It hit her in the chest and sent her crashing backward. While she was down I rushed over to Tristan.
But D saw me. “Stop!” she shouted when I reached out to pull Tristan from the line. At the sound of her voice, Abigail started screaming, even louder than before. “Stop or I’ll kill her!” There was no remorse in D’s voice, and I knew her well enough to know that she meant what she said. 
“Let’s make this more interesting, shall we?” she asked with a smirk. She moved Abigail’s levitated body toward me. “I’ll let you save one of them. But only one. You have to decide, and either choice you make falls in my favor.”
I wanted to ask her what would happen if I were to save Tristan and not Abigail, but I knew the answer. I’d personally help D destroy the world if I lost Abigail. D was right: whatever choice I made, I would lose.
“I’ll give you a hint,” she said. “Two lives you hold. Choose for blood and save one, or choose for pride and lose them both.”
I replayed D’s words in my head. 
“English, D! What the hell is that supposed to mean?” All D answered with was laughter.
If I were told to choose between Tristan and Abigail when I was first assigned to them, I’d have chosen neither. If I’d had to choose between them last week, I’d have chosen Abigail. Now? I just didn’t know. Whatever choice I made would haunt me forever.
Abigail finally spoke, and her voice was a tiny whisper. “Gideon, save—” Abigail didn’t finish what she wanted to say because D snapped her fingers and tied her mouth shut.
“D, don’t.” I tried to move but she shook her head, and Abigail screamed even more loudly. I wouldn’t have thought that was even possible.
“Stop this!” Tristan shouted. “D, Please, stop. I’m begging you, Please, don’t hurt her anymore. I’ll cross over!”
“No, Tristan, don’t you dare!” My eyes met Tristan’s for half of a second, but I couldn’t tell what was behind them. And then, without another word, he stepped over the Red Line and disappeared. I shouted, “Tristan, no!” But it was too late. He was already gone.
“D, you—” I started, but before I could utter another word, I crashed onto my back. Abigail screamed, and the graveyard started burning.
































HEAVEN CAN WAIT

“Make no mistake, when the trumpets sound.
I won’t be among the people running, praying, or crying.
I’ll be the one who looks up and yells,
‘Shut the hell up, and get it over with!’.”


Tristan was really gone. Tristan was really gone.
No time to think about it. Abigail still needed me, and the ground all around us had erupted in flames. Off to my left, I heard Valoel’s voice. 
“Calista, let her go!” Valoel shouted, and never had she sounded so dangerous.
Calista?
I turned to see Valoel striding purposefully toward D. When I saw her, my mouth fell open. My stupid little sister was tall and fierce, and flames dripped from her fingertips like water. I gathered that was where the spreading wildfire all around us came from.
“Madalong,” D said casually, as if greeting an old friend. “Nice of you to finally show up.”
Madalong? What the hell was going on? 
I didn’t recognize my sister’s voice when she spoke because it sounded so cruel. “Don’t make me repeat myself, Calista”
“What are you going to do? Kill me? We both know you can’t,” D said with a wicked smile.
“You make me tell you one more time to let her go, and you’ll wish you could be killed.”
The person who said that still had a teddy bear next to her pillow in her room.
“Put her down, you say?” D asked.
Suddenly Abigail was falling, and with bound hands couldn’t brace for the fall. I was about to rush over and save Abigail, when Valoel stopped Abigail’s body in midair and encased her in a shimmering ball of light. She then whipped a jet of flame at D that drove her back among the headstones. I started to rush over to Abigail, but Valoel pushed me back.
“She’s unconscious. This place is no sight for mortal eyes. The light will protect her. D cannot get through it. Neither can you. Stay back. It will burn you,” Valoel told me. 
The sphere in which Abigail floated lit the whole clearing. I could suddenly see a number of things very clearly by its unwavering light.
I started to see the truth, that Valoel was Madalong, daughter of the Elders, powerful and eternal. I wanted to ask her why she and my parents had hidden her true identity from me. Did this mean my parents were the Elders? I had a lot of questions, but I knew now wasn’t the time to ask them. Frankly, I probably wouldn’t like the answers.
Valoel looked around her. “Where are we?”
“Are you sure you want to know, Madalong?” Valoel’s real name felt foreign on my tongue. I was angry that I had been duped. “You lied to me. You’ve been lying to me for years.”
“Moon, I’m sorry. I wanted to tell you, I did.”
I shouted at her. “Gideon! My name is Gideon!”
“Gideon, then. I know how you might be feeling, but now is not the time. Tell me: where is Tristan?” 
I looked down at my feet.
“Where is Tristan?” she demanded again. “Gideon, answer me!”
“He…” I pointed to the Red Line. “I tried to save him.”
“Tried?” Valoel asked me with pain filling her voice. “Gideon, you’ve just watched your twin brother die!”
“I did what I could…wait, what? Brother?” I could barely speak the words. “Twin brother?”
“I told you. I told you could choose for blood!” D had made her way back to us, and her face shone with happiness.
Someone definitely owed me answers. “Twins?” If we were twins, it would mean that Tristan and I were Sun and Moon, and that was why the angels said we were the reason the world was balanced. Tristan was Sun, and I was Moon. And at the moment, it seemed the world would have to live without its Sun for quite some time.
Valoel wiped her tears and said, “Calista, it’s me you want to hurt. Take me in exchange for Tristan.”
“Or me,” I offered. “I’m his twin. Take me instead.”
Did I just say that?
“No I can’t take you, because my dear friend, you are about to win me a war.”

I’m not proud of this, but in the midst of hearing that the universe could be coming to an end, I actually had a second in which I was pissed that it wasn’t my idea. 
D giggled like a schoolgirl, “Oh, Madalong, taking Tristan wasn’t even the best part.” She snapped her fingers, and her clipboard appeared. I’d seen it many times before, and I knew it carried the names, places, and dates of the souls who were about to die.
“Right here,” D said, turning the clipboard out so that we could read the forms on it, “this says Abigail Cells will die in exactly thirteen days. Tristan crossed over to save this little mortal, and she was already doomed anyway.” D’s laughter grew louder and more sinister. “Now, Madalong, let’s sit back and watch as your little brother destroys the world for me.”
I had heard there comes a moment in everyone’s life when one wants to speak but the words won’t come. In that moment, one would give up anything just to manage a simple shake of the head, or even a whisper.
This was not one of those moments.
“Over my dead body!” I yelled, and then I lunged for D. She twisted out of the way just in time. I flew past her and the ground shook as I slammed onto it. 

Rage filled my body as I shot back into the air. I turned in circles, searching for D. When I finally caught a glimpse of her, I launched a fireball, but before the flames could explode on her back, she stopped it and turned the flames into smoke. I watched D, aghast, as she turned and fled into the darkness. 
Thoughts of betrayal flooded my mind and wrenched my heart as I gave way to chasing her fading figure deeper into the darkness.
Far off, at the edge of the clearing, I heard muffled sounds of fighting. I knew the battle had begun in earnest, and that it was moving closer. D wanted an ending. She wanted a war. I heard the distant call of the battle horns, and knew that she would get it.

End of Part I: The story continues in Elysium, coming soon.



























ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Wow. I wrote a book, a goddamn book, like a real one! I feel like I just won an Oscar or two! Wow.
Ok, put the spotlight on me please, cue the applause and let’s get this show on the road!
Like every winner I’mma start by thanking the almighty, and my mother for all the support she gave me. Big thanks to my family for their love and understanding, without that, this story wouldn’t be. A very Huge thank you to my very amazing editor Janice Safran. To Jennifer and Lauren, you guys rock! Thank you for all your hard work. Many thank you’ to the fans who loved dominion from the beginning and helped me get here, I’m forever grateful. To everyone who made this possible, words can’t express my gratitude. Thanks to you, yes you, for reading! Lastly, to my awesome-sauce friends, I know you all want to know what’s in my head, so here’s a grimace .

Xoxo
Melody.





















































