

Perfectly Flawed

Copyright 2013 Nessa Morgan 
Published by Nessa Morgan at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents
Dedication
Prologue
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Sixteen
Seventeen
Eighteen
Nineteen
Twenty
Twenty-One
Twenty-Two
Twenty-Three
Twenty-Four
Twenty-Five
Twenty-Six
Twenty-Seven
Twenty-Eight
Twenty-Nine
Thirty
Thirty-One
Thirty-Two
Thirty-Three
Thirty-Four
Thirty-Five
Thirty-Six
Thirty-Seven
Thirty-Eight
Thirty-Nine
Forty
Forty-One
Forty-Two
Forty-Three
Forty-Four
Forty-Five
Forty-Six
Forty-Seven
Forty-Eight
Forty-Nine
Fifty
Fifty-One
Fifty-Two
Fifty-Three
Fifty-Four 
About the Author
Other Books
Connect with Author

Dedication
To my best friend, Erin, because she’s suffered through every story I’ve wanted to tell but never had the chance to finish. She’s suffered through inevitable cliffhangers that have never been resolved and she still wanted to read more. I love her like a sister. TWIB!
And to my mother for not saying, “Well, what are you going to do with a Creative Writing Degree? Maybe you should stick with Law.” I love you Mom! 
Prologue
The dark, seemingly hollow world sucks me into its vortex almost instantly. It traps me within its icy depths and steals what remaining soul I have. I fight—I claw my way to freedom. Or try. Losing blood and hope as my fragile, struggling body—climbing—nears the hazy, clouded surface but it is almost a fruitless effort—a pointless attempt to succeed where I know, without a single doubt, I have failed before.
Some part of me knows I belong here, trudging along in a mindless daze, in this despondent place where things seem to die. Some part of me knows that, no matter how hard I try, I will always wind up here, in this hole of hopeless dreams and lost moments, faded memories and recycled puzzle pieces that no longer seem to fit together.
But some part of me wants to fight—a tiny part that wants and needs to bear its claws—but knows a losing battle is all I’ll face.
Forget this place and forget this world.
This little place created only for me.
How long before my world, the only place I have ever known, ever remembered, ever lived within, comes crashing down into nothing but shards and jagged pieces? How long before I finally discover what lurks, creeps, and haunts in the shadows of this dark, shallow cavern covered in shadows. Whatever it is, I know it’s waiting for me—for the wrong turn, wrong step, it knows that I’ll take.
When it finally reveals itself to me—which I know it will—will the surprise shock me?
Will it even be a surprise?
Will they even find me?
What the hell am I asking? Of course they’ll find me, the question is:
How long?
How long? How long do I have? How much longer before I truly know my demons, before I truly understand them. Meet them face to face.
When do I meet them and discover their deep dark secrets since they know all of mine? Will they look like me—scared and shaking, resembling the image I try to ignore in the mirror—or will they take on an image all their own, yet still resembling the material things that terrify me in the real world?
I’m scared to admit it, even while in deep subconscious, but these are the things I fear I’ll never know; these are also the things I hope I never gain the chance to learn.
When I feel like I may win, like my pain and struggle was worth it, I’ll know I’ve learned something useful, something important.
I can feel the morning air, cold and moist, against the soft skin of my exposed cheek, and I know that I have beaten this once again—but as always, there’s that one wrong step and everything changes. Suddenly, I am floating—no, sinking. The sensation of cold water surrounding me, suffocating me, shoving me beneath the crazy, wild waves of the dark abyss in this empty place. I almost let it take me because I want to give up, I don’t want to fight anymore. I almost let it overcome me and conquer me, its strength stealing me down to the rocks on the bottom, the rocks that will surely poke and prod me until I am nothing more than a useless lump of muscle and bone. Slowly, my will to fight, to swim against the strong current—because that can save me—kicks in, and I try to succeed. I try to be better than… whatever this is.
I am strong.
And it’s no longer water I’m fighting. I am climbing again.
As my hand reaches into the foggy light, muted from the clouds hovering low enough that I think of touching it, I stretch into the bright world I know I belong within, reaching for the safety of what I know. I can feel the air around me grow heavier and heavier. Gravity takes effect; it succeeds at its purpose, its reason for being, and drops me quickly and painfully back to the earth, letting me collide, with a soft, muffled thud, into the moist flesh that is dirt hidden beneath a canopy of twisting, decayed and dying trees.
My eyes crash open, seeing the dark clouds suspended above me, hiding me from something scary and strange.
With a breath, I’m alive.
One
Another nightmare wakes me in the gray early morning. Not the one that leaves you screaming in the wee morning hours while you thrash violently about in your bed, but one that leaves a sour taste in the back of your mouth and a heavy feeling of dread surrounding you, landing like a stone in your gut. If only I could remember them—these nightmares. If only I could remember the things that terrify me, the monsters under my bed, the creepy things that bump in the night. Something has to answer the raging questions in my head, the unanswerable questions banging around and colliding like ping-pong balls in my brain.
Sitting up, I feel the sheets sticking to my damp arms and legs. I can feel the sweat pouring down my forehead, gliding into my eyes and clouding my already-blurry vision usually aided by spectacles. My head is pounding, my brain is throbbing—the early stages of a headache working its way behind my eyes, my body’s evil way to keep me awake in the morning when I only want to fall back asleep.
I must have had some dream.
If only I could remember it—any of it—or any of the others. Some small, minute fraction of color, some insignificant blip in the radar, any sound, any word, anything would be helpful. But nothing remains in the deep dark cavern of my la la land.
My hand instinctively reaches to grasp the platinum chain around my neck, the one that holds the circular locket dangling from my neck, the locket that houses the faces of my family. On my palm, I can feel the pressure of the owl against my skin, permanently marking me for the rest of the day as I tightly squeeze the piece of jewelry. The mark will fade, it always does, but I’ll still feel it within my skin. I lift the locket to my lips, gently kissing it before quickly releasing it from my grip and letting the locket fall against my chest where it rightfully belongs.
I would rather be in bed, but I fight the urge. After grabbing some clothes for the day, I slowly trudge to the shower to start my usual morning routine. I stand beneath the stream of scalding hot water, letting it pound against my sensitive flesh. I can feel the top layer of skin, the thin sheen of sweat I collected through the night, washing away just like the nonexistent remains of the dream. Or nightmare. I should really use the correct terms. It leaves me bare and vulnerable—exposed, if you will.
While the shower itself doesn’t make me feel clean, not completely, it does make me feel slightly better. It makes me feel as if I can face the world in the upcoming hours with a fresh slate—a new canvas. As damaged as I am, I feel I can accomplish anything right now.
The feeling usually fades within the hour.
After towel-drying and covering myself in cherry blossom scented body lotion, something I do every morning, I drape the green towel over the metal bar screwed into the wall and grab my neatly folded clothes from the counter, dressing myself as I avoid the gaze of morning-me in the mirror. It’s never a pretty sight.
The weekend, sadly, is over and I start the second week—first full five-day week—of school today. It’s just another typical day—another day where I am the school freak, the junior class psycho, or any variation of the terms, or any new words you want to substitute, it all works around here.
I tug on my clothes, taking in the feel of the fabric against my steamed skin. My jeans are tight and the air hits my legs through the large frayed hole in the knee and the randomly placed frayed spots running up and down my legs. I never understood the purpose of paying for already-ruined jeans, but I bought them nonetheless just to join the trend and conform, to better blend into the masses. My white camisole falls against my skin; the soft worn fabric soothing tenderly as it rubs against my stomach, covering the blemishes I refuse to show the world. I quickly cover the white fabric with a black tank top.
As I correct the fall of the clothing and smooth out any wrinkles, I check—more like scrutinize—the reflection in the mirror. I don’t feel right. Not completely. But I try to ignore the uncomfortable feeling looming over me like the shadow of a tall building. I won’t feel like myself. I’ll never feel like myself. I’ve grown to accept that. I’m not even sure what myself is supposed to feel like—I just know I won’t feel right for a long, long time. Maybe not ever. To be honest, since my aunt took me in, some part of me felt distant, some part of me felt misplaced, forgotten, and corrupted, or, for lack of a better word, dead.
Dead like my mother. Dead like my sister and brother. Dead like the people who cared for me, the people who loved me, the people who were taken—stolen—from me. Dead as I’m supposed to be.
Just dropped a bomb on you, didn’t I?
Now, there may be questions running rampant in your mind right about now. Why am I—sweet little me?—the junior class psycho, you may be wondering. Why am I the appointed freak—I think there was even a vote one day. Of course, they didn’t invite me—wandering through the halls repelling those who believe themselves to be the pretty and popular, you could ask. You know, the people who wish or demand that everyone else notice them but we only pay attention because we thrive on humiliation when it eventually finds them.
Sorry, that was a bit of a tangent.
But since you asked so nicely, it’s easier to start from the beginning… or at least nine years ago.
My father decided, one drab and dreary night, to take the largest, sharpest knife in the kitchen drawer—the drawer that none of us kids were allowed to open because it had sharp objects—and stab my mother, the woman he supposedly loved, in the throat while she quietly slept. The woman he promised to love and cherish, for richer and for poorer, for better or for worse, until death do they part. He just killed her, threw her away, as if she didn’t matter. As if she never mattered.
I don’t know about anyone else, and I haven’t been married, but I don’t think the vows allow for the husband to take the matter into his own hands, even if he isn’t happy or satisfied.
It’s pathetic, really.
I’m sorry, is this too gruesome for you?
Just wait. Like everything else in my screwed up little world, it gets worse.
Then, dear old Dad walked down the hall, entered the pretty little purple bedroom off the stairs, and sliced my older sister’s throat. She was ten years old, she hadn’t even seen fifth grade yet. In my sister’s hands, she still clutched her favorite Cabbage Patch doll, one that looked exactly like her, because they did that back then despite how creepy it really was. Then, across the hall, he skewered my older brother in the stomach while he slept on Power Ranger sheets in a room covered in truck wallpaper. He worshipped the Power Rangers and loved toy trucks and never hurt anyone, not in his life. Neither did my sister.
Why am I telling you any of this?
Because I can.
Too simple an answer for you?
Well… I actually have no idea. Not a one. I can’t remember any of it. Never could. The layout I just gave you, I read that somewhere. All I know is what the police said on the news, what the newspapers printed, what my therapist told me (and I assume all of what she told me was a lie fabricated to help me heal quickly), and what my Aunt Hilary could stomach to repeat to me. That was five words, I’m sorry, but they’re dead. I think she added honey to make it more sincere. I looked up the trial online once—I know, not the brightest idea for the victim—but I wanted to see if I could learn something new, something the aforementioned neglected to tell me, but it was very blank, very bare on the details. I was more confused than before because I didn’t even know half of the words in the file. I was around twelve when I Googled it.
I should be dead and decomposing six feet below, spending my days with Elvis and my great Aunt Ida—maybe with my mom, brother, and sister, too. The twelve stab wounds on my body agree with me, they ache and burn whenever these thoughts cross my mind.
But I’m still here, breathing and blinking, rather than slowly morphing into the next generation’s new fossil fuel.
It sucks, I know—I sounded so pathetic, right there—but let’s be honest, it made me more interesting, didn’t it? It gives people a reason to talk about me even if they’re too scared to talk to me or only want to bully me. Although, what they say isn’t really that great or important, people still know who I am. The entire country, from what I can understand, knows who I am. At least, I think they do. I could be wrong about that all together. Although, no one has really said anything, done anything, to me in quite some time. A few years, actually. I still get the look, though. You know, the look that says, I’m waiting for the day you finally snap just so I can tell the surviving people, ‘I told you so,’ after you’ve massacred the majority of the town.
See, it’s harder to ignore the psychotic gene and crazy DNA running within me. I am the most interesting and downright intriguing girl in school even if most of my classmates ignore me.
Hey, I can say I’ve literally been stabbed in the back.
Get it? …no?
Oy, tough crowd.
Maybe it’s a good thing I can’t remember what happened to me and what happened to my family. Whom am I kidding? It’s freaking fantastic that I can’t remember crap. I can’t remember my dad, Thank God. I wouldn’t even know the man if I were to pass him on the street—which will never, ever happen—I’ll just keep thanking the Big Man upstairs. Aunt Hilary even moved us from Texas to Washington State to make things easier on me, to make growing up easier on me. She was hoping I wouldn’t be That Girl. But a story like mine tends to follow me around. It sticks like glue to me wherever I am, no matter who I pretend to be. Being anything other than That Girl wasn’t an option.
Everywhere I go—the mall, school, bookstore—all I hear are the usual questions. Aren’t you the daughter of the murderer? The chatty mothers ask me with fake-pity and faux-sympathy stuck on their Botox’d faces before turning to discuss my supposed scars and what they’re baking for the jazz band bake sale. Didn’t your dad, like, try to kill you or something? The chatty mothers’ gossipy daughters ask in their pursuit of the perfect juicy story before turning up their plastic, birthday-gift-noses, flipping their chemically perfect hair, and pretending I don’t exist so I don’t ruin their perfect view of the discount rack.
I swear, if I hear Oh, you poor thing!—in any context, whether it be genuine, pathetically sarcastic, or a way to feign interest so I divulge my secrets—one more time, I may just snap and show these people how far from the freaking tree this apple really fell.
These are the reasons why I prefer to remain invisible.
I try, at least.
I pull my damp and drying hair over my left shoulder, completely exposing the right side of my neck, and watch the water droplets fall to the rug the color of a morning sky on a sunny day. My naturally dark curls are almost dry. I paint my face with the usual coat of makeup, nothing over the top and dramatic, just enough to make me look alive, then brush my teeth using the disgusting cinnamon toothpaste I hate but have yet to replace, before leaving the bathroom.
The cold air of the hallway seeps through my clothes, through my skin, chilling me to the bone. I shiver for a brief moment before my body can adjust to the normal temperature of the large house and force my bare feet to start their journey.
I walk back into my bedroom. The pale green walls of my sanctuary are covered in various posters of my favorite bands, sports teams, actors, and movies, pictures of me and friends, a calendar, a bulletin/whiteboard, and the butterflies that covered my childhood room. I like butterflies. There is a light pink accent wall and the ceiling is a pastel purple—because I was an odd thirteen year old. The colors don’t usually mix well but I still like it. The pink wall isn’t as cluttered as the rest of the room; it holds three paintings done by my closest friend and four pictures of my family. My mother’s smiling face beams at me while Ivy and Noah—my sister and brother—smile to the camera. Hilary cut my father from the picture before she gave it to me. I saw her burning his face from all of the pictures in the fireplace, the only time that I’ve ever seen it used.
This is my cave, my safe haven, the wonderful world I have created for myself. This is the place that says who I truly am—what I like, what I love. At least, I’d like to believe it does. In here, no one can hurt me.
I make my bed, using hospital corners, because I’m a bit weird, and the urge to crawl back in and destroy my hard work overwhelms me. I resist, and back away, making my way to my cluttered desk to prepare my backpack, shoving all binders and pieces of homework into their respective places before zipping it up and shouldering it.
I make my way down the stairs, listening to the old wood creak beneath my steps, and drop my pack by the piano bench in the living room before turning the lock on the door, unlocking it. In the kitchen, I lower three slices of bread into the four-slot toaster, tug the butter and peanut butter from their respective places, and pour two glasses of orange juice (no pulp) and one glass of apple juice.
“Hello?” Right on schedule. A small smile tugs on the corners of my lips as I wait. “Where are you?”
“In here,” I yell, hearing the heavy steps stomp toward me from the living room. As long as I’ve known him, he’s still incapable of taking light steps. He always sounds like he’s marching somewhere. “Hey,” I say, not looking at the boy leaning against the counter on my left. I slather butter on one piece of toast moments before he snatches it from my hand and shoves it into his mouth, taking a large, hungry bite. I nibble the corner of my bottom lip, trying not to sarcastically snap, ‘That’s attractive.’ He quickly washes it down with the orange juice set aside for him and smiles at me as if none of that happened.
“Thanks, Joey,” Zephyr mumbles after his second devouring bite, his mouth full of soggy, mushy bread. I start smearing peanut butter on the other two slices, just waiting patiently, as I do every morning.
The door closes for a second time and something heavy drops to the floor with a thick thud. Ah, the beautiful sound of textbooks in the morning. I can smell the thick vanilla scented perfume she wears as it quickly floats through the air before I see her glide into the kitchen as if she floated on a cloud.
“You just left me,” Jamie grumbles in annoyance. She doesn’t whine. Quickly, her eyes shoot an angry glance toward her little brother. Her manicured hand snatches one of the peanut butter slices from the plate sitting in front of me on the beige counter, like normal, and she takes a small bite out of the corner. Jamie won’t ruin her lip-gloss, but she’ll still reapply the pink glossy coat when she’s finished eating. Anything for her to look absolutely perfect. She is all about perfection. “How’re ya doing, Joey?” Jamie asks, all sweet and kind to me, not how she was just speaking to Zephyr.
I look up; connecting with Jamie’s subtly lined mahogany eyes. Upon close inspection when we were kids, on the basis of science, we saw that her eyes are lightened with flecks of gold and honey, nothing like Zephyr’s dark chocolate eyes that make me feel like I’m looking into two pools of a starless night sky.
As she stands before me—her back straight, her shoulders back—Jamie has a presence that commands your attention. When she walks into a room you can’t not look at her, you can’t even pretend that you didn’t see her. She’s like a magnet attracting your stare. You just stare and gawk at her while your mouth drops open and your drool collects on the front of your shirt in an obvious hideous dark spot. It may be her overwhelming height—she’s just south of six feet—or her flawless, model-like features. No one can avoid her and no one can ignore her. Even her boyfriend knows how lucky he is.
Zephyr is just the same, just for different reasons. While he’s just as stunning—as one of his best friends, I feel I can say that without any, uh… context. He’s also around six-three, maybe six-four, with shoulder length dark brown hair that almost rivals his sister’s, in volume and silky/softness, and eyes that, I swear to you, look into your soul. When he looks at you, there’s something that makes you believe he only has eyes for you.
Both the Kalivas kids have tanned skin, only growing darker when they spend any amount of time in the sun, or outside for that matter, but they never burn. We have that in common.
“Good,” I reply, being polite right back to her—just like any other morning—and rubbing it in Zephyr’s face. Although, she was my first best friend, like Zephyr, why wouldn’t I be nice and polite to her, even if only to gloat? “Yourself?” It’s too formal, but I say it every time.
“Pretty good,” she answers, a small smile tugging at her re-glossed lips. Jamie turns to lean against the counter, nudging her brother with her hip, pushing Zephyr from his spot. She’s acting every but the big sister I wish I still had. Zephyr moves to take a seat at the dining room table against the far wall, relaxing into the chair as his eyes scan the kitchen. They stop on me; I can feel it like the heat from the sun, warm and gentle against my back. I turn to watch him drag his hand through his hair, pulling it away from his face before it falls back into his eyes.
Jamie is distracted with her small breakfast, holding the glass of orange juice by her mouth as she checks the text messages on her phone, completely cut off from the world as her thumbs tap, tap, taps against the screen while she types a message to someone.
This is my morning—my normal morning. With the kids next door stealing my food, all of us waiting to head to school, this is familiar. I love familiar.
The Kalivas kids, Jamie and Zephyr, spend time with me in the morning before school because I’m usually home alone. I don’t mind it. My aunt is a heart surgeon in Seattle and, for some reason that only makes sense to her, she loves to operate at night. Hilary tells me she thinks better at night, works better at night, does everything better at night. She is very nocturnal, like an owl. So when she is here, which is, sadly, rare, she’s normally asleep or close to it, operating in a zombie-like state. It’s been like that since we moved her, though, back then, she was a full time student and working while I was spending nights at the Kalivas home, taking the top bunk in Jamie’s room and making it mine. She still reserves it for me when I don’t want to be alone at night. But I haven’t taken her offer in a few months. Even if I did, I’d probably just take over Aidan’s room. He moved to New York after he graduated college two years ago. I wouldn’t mind leaving something pink and girly for him to come home to.
Their parents took pity on me when I first stepped onto the driveway. It was pity on the orphaned child; I knew it then, at the tender age of eight. They forced their children to befriend me. I didn’t mind. Not then, anyway. I don’t really mind now. They don’t treat me like an abomination. They refuse to act as if I’m a plague, like I’m some contagious disease that’s going to kill someone’s entire family. Murder isn’t contagious, people! Somehow, after all of the stuff that they’ve heard about me, they stuck around.
The front door opens for a third time I’m not expecting. More heavy objects—emphasis on the plural—hit the hardwood floor of the entryway before my aunt walks into the kitchen with her tired, bloodshot eyes set on the vintage coffeemaker she desperately needs to update. Even though I hate coffee, I’m hoping for a Keurig.
“Mornin’,” she mumbles like an afterthought, exhaustion obvious in her voice as she sighs. Her eyelids are dropping, her tiny body is sagging and drooping awkwardly to the left, and she looks ready to fall asleep wherever she stands.
Good morning, indeed.
“Hey, Aunt Hil,” I say into my orange juice, calling her the nickname she despises. It was a happy accident when I was eight and it just stuck. Zephyr and Jamie repeat my greeting, much to her chagrin. We’ve called her that for years, now; she can’t stop us, no matter how hard she tries. As teenagers, we are, like most, very stubborn.
She starts a pot of coffee with fumbling fingers that briefly make me mentally question her quality of work as a surgeon—especially after her choice of hours. She leaves us our nickname for her, not snapping at us as she used to do, then she turns to lean against the counter on the opposite side of Jamie. Hilary drags her hands through her orange hair and turns her attention to me, lifting her gaze from the empty mug she holds in her hands, one of those Seattle mugs for tourists. “Don’t forget your appointment this afternoon,” Hilary reminds me.
Again.
I sigh.
I watch Jamie’s body stiffen, her eyes briefly glancing to me before they dart away. Zephyr turns his attention to the window on the other side of the room, pretending something, anything, outside the window is more interesting than what is about to happen in here. They do anything to avoid me on this subject. It’s a bit touchy for me.
I have a standing monthly appointment with a psychiatrist. It started back in Texas, so I was told—another thing I can’t remember. I started seeing one twice a week to make sure I was okay after everything that happened. Yeah, I was perfectly fine as you can tell. According to Dr. Jett, my shrink now, I didn’t speak in Texas. She says that my records stated I was practically mute—Practically? What the hell does that mean, exactly?—she says that I had Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, that’s why I couldn’t talk. When I turned ten, I saw Dr. Jett once a week. That changed to twice a month a few years later. Now I see her once a month. I barely speak now but it’s required—court ordered and mandatory—until I turn eighteen. Even then, they need an assessment from Dr. Jett before they can release me from my appointments before I graduate.
I let out a long, exaggerated sigh and close my eyes, leaning my head back until it presses against the low cabinet. I try mentally counting to ten as Dr. Jett suggested I do when I get upset, or extremely pissed off—or any other angry kind of emotion. “Have I ever forgotten?” I ask her, the annoyance slithering into my tone like a snake.
“No,” Hilary replies shyly. As her cheeks flush red, her green eyes cast down to look at the kitchen floor as if she’s studying the linoleum squares patterned around our feet—black and white checkered. “I’m just being nice, Joey.” Like family. Damn, I should know this crap. She’s just caring about me! I have to remind myself of this every time she shows any interest in my life and well-being. Just as she’s been doing for most of your life, moron.
I am such an idiot sometimes.
Shame slips through me, coursing through my veins. Shame that I sounded like an immature little brat, shame that I embarrassed my aunt, shame that I did this all in front of an audience. I know based on her expression and flushed cheeks that she didn’t mean any harm by it. She’s just being nice. I want to apologize. I want to set down my glass, place my hand on her shoulder, and, while looking into her emerald green eyes as vibrant as the gem they resemble, smile sweetly and comfort her. Or as sweetly as I can.
But I’m not like that.
I will never be like that.
Instead, I set my empty glass in the sink beneath the faucet, run water into it—one of us has yet to run the full dishwasher—and look to Zephyr, raising my eyebrows in a signal that we should head out for school. He takes it with visual relief.
“See you later, Auntie.” I plaster a large smile on my face—well, I try, but it looks more like a forced sarcastic smirk—it’s fake, but she can’t tell. Can she?
“Absolutely, Joey.” No, she can’t. She reaches out her thin, bone-weary arms to give me a hug. It’s a simple act of love and kindness. By my reaction, you’d think she was about to inject me with lethal drugs. I back up quickly to avoid her embrace, bumping the back of my head on the low cupboard. I hate hugging. I hate being hugged—scratch that, I hate being touched. I mean any form of touching whether innocent of something else. God forbid it’s ever something else, I may just run screaming from the room. I search the surrounding area for something to save me from this innocent interaction and debate shoving the broom into her arms. Jamie is already walking through the living room, her long dark hair swishing and swaying from side to side as she steps, completely oblivious, as if her hair were saying Goodbye, you’re on your own, dude, so pushing her into this is out. But Zephyr suddenly sweeps into Hilary’s arms, taking the hug she meant for me and saving the awkward situation with a wink and a smile.
Phew!
After all these years, damn, this boy knows me too well. I’ll have to remember to thank him for that later.
“Later, Aunt Hil,” he murmurs to the top of her head as his hand rubs gently along her back, up and down slowly. He’s over a foot taller than she is so the sight is quite amusing and I smile slightly.
Hilary nods, forcing a small smile as I back out of the kitchen. She’s scared for me. Hilary has been scared for me since the day she discovered she was the legal guardian of an eight-year-old. Since then, she has changed her life to accommodate my life, my needs. That is a hard thing to do when you are twenty-three years old, living in a college town, and your usual weekend includes fraternity parties, sorority formals, and track meets.
Looking at the former sorority girl, the former party girl, and former track star, I want to thank her for everything that she has done for me, everything that she has sacrificed for me. She transferred schools for me, she left her sorority, she stopped dating, stopped running, and all of that was for me. Yet, I still treat her like a stranger when she’s pretty much all I have left in the world.
I just want her to know how thankful I am, sometimes.
Maybe I do have something to talk about with Dr. Jett later.
“Thanks, Zephyr,” I whisper before we leave my house, leaving Hilary to her coffee and much needed sleep. Jamie’s already outside walking toward her car, her keys jangling as she walks across the combined yards to her driveway.
Zephyr smiles at me, cockily, before he says, “Not a problem, Joey.” If I was a hugger and this was a sappy movie, this would be a good moment for a hug and cheesy slow music, maybe an Aww or two from a captive audience.
Sweet baby Jesus! Thank God, this is the real world.



Two
We arrive at school—surprisingly early by Jamie’s standards—and part ways. Jamie finds her flock of matching mindless followers, Zephyr is happily welcomed by the jocks, and I am left to walk alone to my locker. I notice a few stares and one mumbled freak, but it’s easy to ignore. As long as it isn’t written on my locker in hideous coral lipstick, I’m good—yes, it’s happened before.
I unload all my post-lunch class books and notebooks into my locker, watching the book tower grow. It knocks serious weight from my back and I stretch to relieve the remaining tension tugging at my muscles. Only a week, not even a full week, into school and I’m seriously regretting my decision of four advanced placement classes.
I know, right? I’m a bit of an overachiever.
The bell rings right as I slide into my seat in my AP European History class. I’m in the seat next to Zephyr. We took the table in the back of the room in front of the windows. I tug the red notebook from my backpack, the composition notebook reserved for this class. Already, the first five pages are filled with notes in a rainbow of color, the pages crinkly and curling from my neat handwriting. I choose a purple pen today; I choose a different color every day for note taking. It keeps things interesting.
What’s life without whimsy?
“I’m not going to be able to keep up in this class,” Zephyr mutters bitterly as he prepares his side of the desk, his eyes stealing glances at my notebook. I shoot a gaze in his direction, knitting my brows together. I’ll admit it; I was surprised—more shocked than anything—when he walked into the classroom with me on the first day. My mouth dropped open when he took the open seat next to mine. I was completely flabbergasted when Mr. Cheney called Zephyr’s name during roll call.
I did a double take.
“Then why take it?” I ask, still seriously confused by his choice. Zephyr isn’t the AP type. He’s smart, don’t take what I’m saying as Zephyr’s an idiot, that’s not what I mean in the slightest, but he isn’t devoted to academics like I am. He would rather be average, scraping by with Cs. As long as that means he can play on the varsity football team during the fall semester and soccer during the spring. Sports are his main focus; classes are what he does in his spare time.
“You said that you were taking it.” That catches me off guard and I smile shyly. I’ve always taken advanced classes. I took honor classes in middle school, joined after school academic groups in elementary school; I even take online college courses during the summer. It was all I could do to keep me occupied when the other girls made fun of me. I found that when I studied I could block them out. I could block everything out. All the mean words they said to me, all the stories they’d spread about me—it was nearly forgotten and I was near bulletproof. None of that existed within the pages of textbooks because, to me, the cruelest people were in the past and there they would remain. I compared my life to those in history texts, learning that my life doesn't even compare to theirs. While it's hard for me now, I can move on in two years and slowly heal on my own far, far away. “I’ve never had a class with you before,” he continues, as if it makes perfect sense to me—when it doesn’t. Not to me. His pencil sits poised above his blank notebook page, ready to start writing. Or doodling. He’s a doodler.
“We have PE together,” I reply matter-of-factly, my hand drawing a small three-dimensional cube in the top right corner of the page, right above the date for today. “You could drop this and take the junior history class. You know; if that would be easier.” I shrug my shoulders apathetically—forcing the emotion from my face.
“Maybe,” he draws out as if he’s actually considering the option, working it over in his mind. Zephyr’s brown eyes stare at the page in front of him, sadly and concerned.
I hate to admit it, but I wouldn’t like to see him go.
“Dude,” I begin, getting his attention, “you know I’d never let you fail,” I tell him with a smirk. I drag my hand through my hair, moving wisps and curls away from my eyes. “We can study for tests, partner together for group assignments. I’ll even help you with the essays.” He’ll definitely need help with those babies with the way Cheney grades.
Zephyr releases a breath. “Thanks, Joey.” He smiles at me, looking genuinely pleased and relieved. “I really appreciate it, you know?”
“I know,” I reply with a wide smile as Mr. Cheney walks through the door, his bald head glinting in the bright fluorescent light. It only gets worse throughout class, somewhat blinding us as he exaggerates points with is entire body. With every move he makes, it’s as if he’s trying to tell us something in Morse code. I’m almost tempted to search remedies for that on Google. Maybe the man should invest in a compact to diminish the sheen.
Fifty-five minutes and three full purple pages of notes later, I’m on my way to AP Calculus. Zephyr’s class is in the opposite direction, on the other side of the school. He turns away from me, giving me one last cocky smile as he pulls his hand through his wavy locks, heading to his English class before we have gym together.
I tug my black tank top over my head, leaving the white camisole on to hide my torso. I notice a few girls glance to me as I grab my shorts and t-shirt from my locker. They snicker before they turn away. The last thing these people need to see or know about are my scars, the infamous scars the entire school knows I have but have never seen or confirmed. It’s like a secret—picture me rolling my eyes. The worn heather gray t-shirt I wear for this class—it says Same Shirt, Different Day, but the R is faded—falls down my stomach as someone struggles with the combination on the locker next to mine. 
Harley aggressively twists and spins the lock at least five times before grunting and hitting her palm against the hard; cold metal once, twice, three, four times until I fear she’s about to sprain her wrist. It’s stronger than she is. Harley gives up, looking to me with her pleading puppy dog eyes, large and ethereally pale blue, no one close to her can resist—that means me. I’m a sucker, really. I memorized her combination, for her gym locker and her regular locker, for this reason alone. I giggle as I pull her locker open on the first try, something she can’t do—it’s usually the fifteenth, sixteenth try by the time her locker opens for her and by then, she’s late for class and bitching about it loudly as she walks into the gym. She’s interesting to have around.
“I hate these damned lockers,” she grumbles angrily to herself. The innocent puppy dog eyes quickly drop from her face, an expression of pure malice covers her face as she grabs her clothes from the metal box. She throws them down on the bench I’m sitting on in a huff. “I hate this stupid class.”
I shrug. “You could have been a cheerleader with Kennie,” I reason, almost hiding my giggle, but failing as the image of Harley bouncing around the football field in a short skirt and tight top drifts through my mind. The rule at this school is that students must take a gym class; be it weight lifting, global games—whatever the hell that is—yoga, aerobics, dance, and so on. There is even a walking class for those who don’t want to try or hate exercise all together. The only exception is if you play a sport for the school. They reason that you’re already exercising, there’s no need to tire you out with an hour-long class before practice. Though, if you still want to take gym, like Zephyr and other various athletes because it’s an easy A, you can.
“So I can spend my days kissing Alexia Cavanaugh’s obviously lipo’d ass, no thank you, ma’am.” Harley scoffs loudly. A few girls nearby turn to glare at her as she badmouths the most popular girl in the junior class. But, my best friend, she’s against organized sports. And sweating. And physical exertion of any kind. And Alexia Cavanaugh—but who isn’t, right? Oh, and cheerleaders in general… minus Kennie. “I’d rather die before I strut my pom poms in front of the entire school.”
“Kennie does it,” I counter, thinking of our other friend. She decided on a whim at the end of freshman year to try out for the squad. Like a trooper, she endured spirit days dressed in neon leopard print short shorts that defied the school’s clothing policy and animal printed sports bras that she should have been sent home for, parent meetings with the coaches and current and future squad captains, and dancing around the school while the band stalked behind while blaring the school’s fight song. That was an interesting day in math class. Luckily, she was a trained gymnast before she moved here; that was the only reason she made the squad.
The biggest thing against her was her friendship with me. No upperclassmen on the squad could understand it. You’re friends with the crazy chick. Why? They just couldn’t reject someone that could out-flip any of them blindfolded, four feet off the ground, on ten centimeters of space to stand on.
“Kennie has bigger balls than I ever will.”
I never understood that. Since when did strength for all equate to masculinity?
As that thought runs through my mind, Harley slams her locker shut, twisting the lock to ensure she won’t lose anything valuable—a lot of people in this school have sticky fingers, just ask my old iPod. I’ve been sitting on the bench tying my laces while she changed her clothes.
“Dude, I’m definitely telling her that you said that,” I joke.
“Man, I’ll tell her for you.” Harley tugs on the hem of her cropped black t-shirt. The shirt rises when she raises her arms, or moves, or breathes, revealing the sterling silver barbell pierced through her navel. “I don’t want to run today,” she whines loudly as she ties the purple laces on her black sneakers.
The thought of running the mile irks me but there is no avoiding it. I have grown to accept it. It’s Monday—Mile Monday, yay for alliteration. The coaches like to believe that running the mile weekly will make us faster. In retrospect, it should, but it doesn’t. Not in the way they want. I could run a fast mile. I could also enter a chicken wing-eating contest at a dive bar in the Middle-of-Nowhere, Washington. I just choose not to.
“Well, suck it up, Harley,” I tell her, patting her on the back, and forcing humor into my voice. There isn’t anything funny about this; I hate it as much as she does. We walk into the large gym, the thick scent of floor polish, chlorine—which is weird because the school doesn’t have a pool—and sweat wafts through the air. It’s enough to make you gag, which I do whenever I am lucky enough to walk through those lovely double doors. I’m graced with this every single day of school. Yay me!
People are scattered around the gym in groups; some stretching, most talking, all annoyed to be in this class. We check in with one of the four coaches in charge, the one that leads the juniors, and start stretching near the bleachers. Well, I stretch—cramps are a bitch—Harley just mumbles to herself while leaning against the lower bleacher as her eyes scan our gabbing classmates.
Well, she’s not mumbling in the crazy way that usually means someone’s hearing voices and replying to a conversation in their head, more like the angry way because it’s helping them from standing up and straight punching someone square in the nose. I do the same thing from time to time, only in the safety of my own home.
“Hey.” I look up and spot Zephyr running toward us. He’s wearing a sleeveless gray shirt and black basketball shorts with a red stripe running up the side, his long hair is tied back away from his face, as he does during gym every day. He smiles at me briefly before turning his attention to the grumbling girl next to me and asking, “Harley, how are you this lovely morning?” I’m not sure if I got my sarcastic quality from him, or he got it from me. He leans into a leg stretch. He’s usually one of the first people in class done running the mile. And he never cramps.
Harley just stares at him, her pale, freckled face expressionless as she waits for him to do… something, before she huffs with annoyance and looks away. Something she learned from me in our many years of friendship. I guess I rub off on people after a while.
“Okay,” Zephyr says to himself, his chocolate eyes set to me. His lips try not to crack into a grin but it slowly does, his lips pulling to reveal genuine happiness.
“Kalivas!” someone yells from the other side of the gym. Jackson Ray, one of Zephyr’s friends, and tallest, towering over Zephyr by a good eight inches, catches his attention across the gym and waves him over.
“Just wanted to stop by, you know,” he tells me with a small, quick shrug. He straightens up and reaches his arms above his head in one final long stretch that leaves a lazy smile on his face. That good, huh?
“Whatever, dude.” I stop stretching, dropping my arms down to my side and my hands to the shiny, hardwood floor, following Zephyr with my eyes as he walks to his usual group of friends—the stereotypical jocks. Jackson claps him on the back—you know, that really random thing guys do when they see each other, like they’re joining forces or something before they attempt to save the world… or act like complete douches—before his head falls back in laughter at something someone in the group I can’t see from where I sit said.
“What’s up with him?” Harley nearly whines; her eyebrows raised in speculation and wonder, her eyes set on Zephyr. Her question shocks me. She’s never been nice to Zephyr and I’ve never understood why. He’s tried to be friendly—he is friendly—oftentimes trying to include her in any conversation he and I are having but she usually says something snarky and mean or just outright ignores him. There are only so many times you can pretend someone is furniture before they start to question it and begin to believe that you are furniture. I’ve always wondered, always wanted to ask why she acted that way, but I just forgot.
I’m easily distracted.
“You weren’t exactly inviting,” is what I say instead. There’s exasperation in my voice and I censor my words as a coach walks by, eyeing us.
“He took offense to that?” Her black-nailed hand rises to point to Zephyr across the gym as he jokes around with his friends. “Zephyr should know me well enough by now”—how can he when you don’t talk to him unless it’s to sling an insult—“I’m a bitch and damned proud of it.”
“Trust me, Harley,” I say as I lean back from my stance, resting myself on my arms. “I think the entire school knows that.” The coach long since passed to the other side of the gym.
“Damn straight,” Harley replies, as if we’ve come upon something new and profound. There’s a sly smile tugging at the corners of her lips, slowly spreading and growing until she’s grinning mischievously.
It abruptly falls from her face when a shrill screech sounds through the air.
Stupid whistles!
Coach Monk, the varsity football coach, calls class to attention, making sure we’ve all checked in for attendance, before sending us out to the track for our damned weekly mile.
I start at a leisurely pace, not wishing to put in any real effort, and finish in just under ten minutes. Harley has another lap and a half to run before she’s sitting next to me on the bleachers, panting like an overheated dog in July that’s trapped in a car with all the windows rolled up. Sweat pours down her freckled forehead, her hair is wet and matted to her skin, her chest heaves, and her skin is the same shade of pink as a new Sharpie highlighter. I only needed a drink from the water fountain on the wall and I was good to go. It looks like Harley might need intravenous fluids or she’ll pass out right here.
Finally, class ends after we suffer through a few rounds of basketball. Some girl, who doesn’t understand the concept of keep your eyes on the freaking ball, gets hit in the face by the basketball. Hard. She screamed about her nose job. I rolled my eyes. It was a typical day in gym for us, sweaty and bloody. Soon, I’m in my normal clothes coating myself in Victoria’s Secret cherry blossom body spray that matches my lotion, then I’m sitting in AP Chemistry boiling things over a Bunsen burner. Finally, it’s time for lunch and I’m entering the cafeteria, avoiding eye contact with, uh… everyone.
It’s been a few years since anyone attempted to bully me. Back in the day, they’d be able to get away with it easily. I was tiny and scared of everything. I never told anyone how the other kids at school treated me. Not even my aunt. Zephyr and Jamie never witnessed any of it but they weren’t stupid. One day, I discovered that Zephyr was suspended from school for a week. I later discovered that he punched Bobby Logan in the face for bullying me. While his parents grounded him for that, they also praised him for standing up for me during my difficult time. Jamie, later that same week, kicked Angelica Boston in the shins—a sixth grader when Jamie was in fourth grade—for pushing me into the dirt during recess for being a psychotic freak. She wasn’t suspended but Angelica Boston never bothered me again. Neither did Bobby Logan, another sixth grader. They didn’t even look at me before they graduated at the end of my freshman year.
I know I have nothing to worry about when I walk through the halls anymore. People have long since forgotten about me and my mysterious past. Okay, not really. But it’s old news. They still talk about me and what happened but they aren’t mean to me. Not openly, anyway. Now that I have Harley and Kennie on my side, who knows what might happen. And with Zephyr and Jamie bigger and stronger, I wouldn’t want to press it. Plus, I’m not so little and scared anymore, I sure as hell stand up for myself now and I throw a mean right hook.
I snag an apple from the lunch line before the lunch lady can notice I didn’t pay for it. Cleaning the skin with a napkin, I quickly make my way to the back of the cafeteria and take my usual seat at our normal table. It’s a half table that sits directly in front of the large windows that overlook the quad and baseball and soccer fields. The sky today is a hazy gray with the sun trying to force its way through the clouds in a few places. It was supposed to rain today, the normal Washington weather forecast, but we got cloud cover, heavy, thick overcast, instead.
Meteorology is a lost art if you ask me.
Especially here.
Harley takes the seat across from me, the flushed pink tint to her skin has diminished quite a bit since I last saw her but she still glows and glistens in her dark clothing, a Ramones t-shirt and dark jeans. She tugs her brown-bag lunch from her backpack and drops it on the table before her. Something inside knocks against the hard wood top of the table. Kennie soon joins the two of us in her pink cardigan too bright for my tired eyes to handle and short jean skirt that reveals slightly too much when she leans forward—or any direction for that matter.
My friends are the only two who don’t judge me. They don’t talk about the scars they claim they see, they don’t turn up their noses when they pass me in the hall, they don’t act like I don’t exist—these are the only two people I trust outside of Zephyr and Jamie.
Harley is shorter than I am with light brown hair, almost blonde, and a lip piercing… among others. She wears primarily black—the reason why we got along in the first place—primarily band t-shirts and dark jeans with her hair flat-ironed straight to combat against the unruly frizz that always wins. When I met her in the seventh grade, she was dark and sullen with a facial expression that screamed, Fuck You World! She was perfect for me and my issues. I quickly claimed her as my friend when we partnered together to dissect a cow heart in science class. Well, she dissected the cow heart; I passed out halfway through.
I didn’t meet Kennie—full name Kensington—the British-born pretty girl, until high school, middle of our freshman year to be precise. She was assigned the seat next to me in frosh study hall. With her long blonde hair perfectly coiffed, her pink cardigans and short skirts snug tightly to her curvy body, she was the complete opposite of Harley and me. Or so we thought. One day during a boring study hall session when we both ran out of homework, we started discussing music—Slipknot, Otep, Static-X—and we just knew that we could get along. Before, I was judging the book by the perky, bright, and colorful cover. Kennie preferred to hang with us after that rather than the beautiful people who constantly tried to steal her back to their side of the lunchroom. She constantly complained about their self-righteous attitudes.
Now when she slides onto our bench with a perky smile brightening her perfect features, people don’t look at her like she’s crazy. They just think that she’s plain insane. It’s the only way they can begin to comprehend why she’s friends with me—it’s only logical. None of it stops them from trying to learn my dark secrets and probing Kennie until she tells them, very spiritedly, ‘Screw off!’
“I heard something today,” Kennie begins in singsong, her French manicured fingers plucking away at a poppy seed muffin she brought from home. Her eyes scream, I have gossip! It’s juicy! You should ask about it and listen to me! Now! Right now!
It seems appropriate to indulge her. The only thing Kennie loves more than stories about popular people I don’t care about is magazines with stories about celebrities I don’t care about. But Harley cuts me off before the question leaves my lips.
“Oh, before I forget,” Harley starts proudly and loudly. Her mouth is full of a sandwich I can no longer identify. “I said that you have bigger balls than me, Ken.”
Kennie raises a pristinely sculpted eyebrow, the left one to be exact, and, after a few moments of her pondering, she giggles her little girly giggle. She covers her mouth politely with her hand. “Well, it is true,” she states confidently with a flip of her hair. “Right, Joey?” Both of them turn their attention to me, as if I am the deciding vote in this situation. I stare back at them. They both agreed, why ask me?
“Well, yeah…” I drag out before I swallow the piece of apple I was chewing. “But you wouldn’t really want that getting around, would you?” Kennie likes people to think she’s weak and worried about breaking nails when she can lift more than some of the football players. Okay, most of the freshmen team, but it’s still something. And they still have time to bulk up and build some muscle.
She waves an arm through the air as if she’s done with the conversation and ready to move on to more important things—like pointless hallway gossip. “That’s irrelevant; I still have this knowledge stuck in my head, waiting to erupt and you, my friends, are going to listen.”
“Gossip, Kennie?” Harley asks, rolling her sky-colored eyes. She hates gossip. “When did you join the Dark Side?” It sounds like a joke but I know Harley. She isn’t joking. Like me, she doesn’t care about the goings-on of anyone else in the school. She doesn’t care who broke up with whom, who cheated on whom, who started dating whom, who punched whom… wait; she’d care about that one. As would I.
“I normally wouldn’t expose you to such petty things, my dearest Harley,” Kennie begins, immediately understanding what Harley means. She forces a thick British accent, mimicking her mother perfectly. Even though she was born in London, she doesn’t have an accent. She was (un)lucky enough to be raised in the United States and lose what little accent she had. We joke that she would be so much cooler, so much hotter, with an accent. Kennie pops a piece of muffin into her mouth and chews. I hated to admit that I wanted her to continue and spill the beans—she had me slightly intrigued now. Provided this piece of gossip had absolutely nothing, and I mean nothing, to do with me. “But this,” she continues after she swallows, “has to do with our lovely Joey.”
Damn it… I spoke too soon.
“PASS!” I blurt, too loudly I might add. I didn’t exactly mean to yell the word, but it happened. Kennie’s lined ice blue eyes, which used to freeze me when she turned her gaze to me, lock on me. As do a few people at surrounding tables. They’re trying to see what set the loon off this time. I refuse to give them a show, especially if there is a new story going around about me.
My hand creeps to the chain around my neck, tugging the locket from under my shirt and clutching it in my hand. It’s my own way to calm down when I don’t want to count to ten. I rarely do. The warm metal bites into my hand and I close my eyes to remember the faces inside, how happy they look, smiling at me when I open the locket. But I don’t this time; I just remember what’s inside.
“But—”
I quickly cut her off before she can say anymore. “Kennie, you’ve heard what they say about me.” I suddenly feel shy and vulnerable, feeling the need to crawl into a shell, tug a blanket over my head, and wait for the clouds and rain to pass. What the hell could people be talking about now? I haven’t done anything since the start of school, I haven’t done anything since I moved here but people still love to tell their tales, despite the truth of the matter at hand.
“I know, but—”
“Now, Kennie,” I start, trying to explain to her the best that I can, “I can’t understand why you listen to it.” I glance to Harley as she finishes her sandwich, her eyes glued to the wreck in front of her. If only she had popcorn. My eyes then start to search around the cafeteria. No one’s looking at me, no one is openly pointing and laughing at me with knowledge of some new lie that paints me in a worse light, nor is there anyone doing either of those things covertly—that isn’t the easiest thing to hide. It must be old news then, something everyone has heard time and time again. “It’s bull, whatever it is.” Nervously, I tuck my hair behind my ears.
“Do you honestly think I’d repeat anything I heard that was, like, bad about you?” she asks. The pain of her question, the pain of that thought, crosses her face, her smile slowly disappearing. A Kennie not smiling is a Kennie you want to avoid. I still have to think about it, or at least, I have to debate the pros and cons of gaining this knowledge.
Pro: I could hear what people are saying now.
Con: I could hear the new nightmare spreading about me.
As if it could compete with anything from before. All the crap spread about me—all the stupid whispers and murmurs when I’d walk into a classroom—nothing can compete with that. That feeling that they all know something about you, they all know you but they don’t know you. What they know is the you fabricated by lies and retellings of an angry girl.
I’m not entirely sure how to answer Kennie’s question. The look on her face tells me that I have nothing to worry about; the look tells me that I can trust her, that she would never hurt me. Not deliberately. However, if I want to be honest, my gut says no. But…
Well, you know what they say about curiosity and the cat.
Kennie leans forward slightly, her blonde hair falling over her shoulders. She quickly tucks it behind her ear. “I heard someone has a thing for you,” she whispers to me, quietly so only Harley and I can hear her. “Like, bad.”
“Who?” Harley asks, a look of disgust quickly covering her face. She leans back, looking back and forth between us.
For once, I feel like slapping her. My hand twitches with the urge.
“Thanks,” I snap, somewhat sarcastically, mostly hurt about what Harley might be thinking to put that expression on her face. As if it is beyond the realm of possibility someone might be interested in me in that way.
Her eyes connect with mine before she says, “I didn’t mean it like that, Joey.” She’s defending herself. “It’s just a bit weird, you know?”
“Thanks, Harley!” I repeat, louder, with exasperation and over-exaggerated hand gestures slicing through the air aggressively.
Kennie looks from me to Harley like we’re about to fight and she doesn’t want to get caught in the middle of it. It tells me she’ll jump back and flee as fast as her stilettos will carry her when appropriate. But she continues, “Wanna know who?” Dangling the little piece of information like bait in front of a lone trout. I don’t want to take it. I don’t want to be the fish dangling and thrashing from the hook hoping she’ll toss me back only to be taken home and served for dinner. It could be a trick.
Wouldn’t be the first time.
This time I decide to play the game hoping it doesn’t bite me in the ass.
“Who?” I ask, not wanting to be curious but I can’t help it. I am human after all.
Kennie looks around, her eyes shifting from dramatically from side to side, as if this is the biggest secret she could reveal. “Ryder Harrison.”
Harley and I share a long look with each other that communicates a lot between us in a few seconds. Ryder Harrison is the quarterback of the football team, the star pitcher of the baseball team, and a senior. He is the epitome of ‘All American’ and knows how to charm a girl with his perfect smile, ocean blue eyes, and blonde hair he’s styled perfectly to look like he doesn’t care about his appearance. Roll that up in a decorated letterman’s jacket and most girls twirl their hair, bat their eyes, and giggle annoyingly loud because that is their ritualistic mating call.
I am not most girls.
With this look between us, we understand each other instantly. Harley and I burst into a fit of hysterical laughter, a loud, uncomfortable laughter that feels so good. I’d assume that Kennie’s looking at us like we’ve gone off our rockers, that I’ve finally cracked, become contagious, and infected Harley. But I’m laughing so hard that I can’t open my eyes.
“What?” Kennie asks after five minutes, when our laughter starts to die down.
“Thanks, Kennie,” I tell her, my hand pressing against my aching stomach. “I haven’t laughed that hard in my life, I don’t think.” My hands reach up to my face, pressing against my cheeks—my damp cheeks covered in salty moisture.
I laughed so hard I cried.
“What’s so funny?” Kennie continuously asks, looking from me back to Harley, her eyebrows knit together in curiosity. She’s been left out of the joke; she knows that. “Come on, you know,” she pleads.
“Ryder Harrison,” Harley answers between her dwindling bursts of giggles.
“What about him?” Kennie still doesn’t understand.
“The star quarterback,” I sputter. I take a deep breath, trying to get air into my lungs. “Has a thing for me?” The shock is obvious, both with the mien of my face and the tone of my voice. I do my best to tuck a curl behind my ear that’s fallen away, abandoning my neglected apple. “Ryder Harrison, the same guy who dated Alexia Cavanaugh? Do you know how crazy that sounds, Kennie?”
Kennie’s face drops, disappointment and shame evident on her face; she looks hurt that I am laughing about this, laughing at her news. It’s freaking funny, though. “It didn’t sound crazy to me.” Her voice is small and quiet, as if I’ve shamed her, as if she needs to hide before being more embarrassed.
Suddenly, her shame falls into me and I feel it thick and heavy within me, clouding through me. But how can I fix this?
“Because, Kennie,” I start, looking to her, “and, I’m sorry for saying this, but you live in a perfect world.” It’s true; her world is rainbows, lollipops, and unicorns. It’s a bright place where nothing bad happens. People in her world frolic and prance through the trees and blooming flowers, venture to get healthy fruit smoothies, and save the lives of the forgotten, bringing them from the darkness by showing the world someone could only dream. I live in reality; a place filled with death and heartbreak, some place where I can’t get what I want and I doubt I ever will.
You see, I know my place on the high school food chain—the hierarchy, if you will—and I stay there, I live there happily, thankfully, and don’t pursue anything higher. I don’t want to climb the ladder to the top. I don’t see the need in it. I much prefer the bottom, happily dwelling with the bottom feeders. It’s where I belong.
I learned long ago that if I don’t mess with them, those at the top, they don’t mess with me. And we all go skipping on our merry ways.
As she looks at me, Kennie tries to argue that her world isn’t perfect. I have to hide a giggle behind my hand. With her argument, memories flood my mind of defaced lockers, damaged schoolbooks I had to pay to replace, hours spent locked in random broom closets around the school. While it was only once, sometimes twice, that these things happened, and a few years back, it’s still fresh in my mind, the agonizing worry that with everything I do and everyone I meet, things can just go back to how they were. It’s still a concern of mine—the thought, the pain, still lurking that any of it could happen to me again.
“Let’s just drop this,” I offer, taking another bite of my apple, but I really want to toss it into the trash. I’ve already lost my appetite.
Kennie agrees, quickly turning to Harley to talk about their upcoming science class, and instantly, our conversation is forgotten. The beauty of distracted minds. I start to stare off into the surrounding crowd. The usual people avoid my gaze. I don’t care. It’s not like I’m actually staring at them. Maybe they think I’m plotting. It’s really random and paranoid to think, but I’m not. I’m just thinking. I do that from time to time. My thoughts are random and bouncing around my brain like spastic, hyperactive ping-pong balls on speed.
Some part of me—some microscopic part of me—takes a moment and toys with the bizarre idea of Ryder Harrison and what that could mean to me—or for me, if you will—if what Kennie heard and said was true. It can’t be. Why now? Who could possible tolerate the idea of the quarterback taking a liking to me? We’re apples and oranges. I’m black hoodies; he’s a decorated letterman’s jacket. I’m Slipknot, he’s Justin Bieber—these things just don’t mix.
And I strongly doubt (and pray for the Bieber/Slipknot sake) they ever will.
Lunch ends and I go through the rest of my classes pretending Kennie never said what she did. It’s easy because I don’t believe any it. It’s bullshit to me. American Sign Language is easy and we sign about lunch items; specifically what we ate for lunch today. For lunch, I ate an apple, I sign to my partner. In AP English, we are assigned Beowulf; I tackle a good chunk of it before the end of class, thanks to a speed-reading technique I was once so bored, I mastered. After that, I’m in Chamber Orchestra tuning my violin, Brandenburg Concerto 3 spread along my stand.
After all the excitement, I meet Jamie at her car and we wait for Zephyr while talking about classes and the usual things. Luckily, she doesn’t mention anything about her classmate—that means she hasn’t heard anything. I strongly doubt she could keep anything about Ryder Harrison and me to herself, even if nothing has, or ever will, happen.
Somehow, during our friendship, we’ve grown apart. It was expected, really. Jamie is one of those girls that glide around school on a perfect fluffy cloud with her boyfriend attached to her arm and a trail of minions, oops, I mean friends, following closely behind.
Instantly, the conversation lulls and we’re in silence, quickly running out of things to talk about. It’s a comfortable silence, and we’re used to it, there’s only so much I can tolerate talking about Marcus and his hair. Or his muscles. Or his blinding smile.
Zephyr joins us, briefly heading home before he has to drive back for football practice. I walk through the front door and run up the stairs to dump my bag and books on my bed before I head to therapy. I grab the keys from the ugly ceramic bowl by the front door, call up to my aunt in her room just to let her know that I’ve blown through the house, and head out.
Three
The windows don’t glint in the late afternoon sun when I pull into the sparsely filled parking lot. It’s rarely crowded when I arrive so parking is never crazy. No pun intended. Usually my car is the only vehicle in the lot. Today it has the company of an aged Ford truck past its prime and more rusted than its original navy blue, a new yellow Mercedes, and a 1970s era Volkswagen Beetle that has seen way better days. My car, or my aunt’s car, is an SUV from the early 2000s. I have no idea the make, model, or year, and I don’t really care. I never cared. I’m not a car girl. I don’t know the first thing about them. All that matters to me is that I have a license—check!—and access to a working vehicle that can get me from Point A to Point B—check, check. Today, Point B happens to be the local psychiatric center.
Goody, goody gum drops.	
I let Vivian, the middle-aged receptionist who needs to touch up her graying roots if she wants everyone to believe that she is a natural redhead, know I’m here. She smiles at me—her wrinkling face crinkling more with her polite toothy grin—and I return it just to be polite in return. Like always. It’s not long before I am sitting in Dr. Jett’s office, in the plush brown recliner across from her, focusing on various knickknacks and things placed around her office. Scenic landscape on the wall across from me, neat and organized desk in the corner of the room covered with family photographs, paperwork, and business cards, an Apple laptop with a black screen sitting open on the desk, a box of tissues on the table that separates me from Dr. Jett; I stare at these things every session every month. Watching everything evolve with time throughout my years as her patient. Especially the doctor herself.
When I first walked into her office—cowering behind my aunt, obviously—I was eight. She was fresh out of medical school and excited to be my doctor. And I mean overly excited. “My name is Caroline Jett,” she told me with perky enthusiasm, shaking my tiny hand vigorously. Back then, she was different; her blonde hair curled wildly, framing her face in a naturally fluffy cloud, and she wore mostly comfortable work clothes. She wasn’t fancy and I usually forgot she was a doctor, or psychiatrist. At some point, she was pregnant with her first child. That was when I learned she was married. After that, she started dressing more professionally and styled her hair differently, less wild.
I still don’t know what spurred the change and I never wanted to ask.
Dr. Jett, throughout the time I’ve know her, tried her hardest to seem like my friend in the beginning. She tried to get me to trust her. It was useless. I didn’t trust anyone easily back then. I still don’t.
Makes sense, right?
Still, she tried. I didn’t speak much in the beginning. At all, actually. Sure, I told her the basics after a while; how my day went, if I was making any new friends at school, how my aunt and I got along. Mostly, I answered any questions she asked that pertained to my present. I never told her anything about before, nothing about what happened.
“Good afternoon, Joey.” The sound of her voice, low and throaty like she’s been smoking for the past ten years, catches my attention and I stop looking around the room, trying to focus on her and her dark designer suit. On the small wooden table between us, next to the box of Kleenex, is the small tape recorder she has used since I started seeing her. It is black and silver with six buttons. Three dots above the buttons light up; one green, one red, and one blue. The steady green means the small machine is recording; the blinking red means that the tape is nearly full, and I’m not sure what blue means. I’ve never seen it flash or light up. Right now, the only light blinking is the green.
“What’s up, Doc?” She smiles at the Bugs Bunny reference, a tired joke I’ve said since I was nine. I’d be polite and ask her how she was doing, ask how her life is going, maybe take an interest and ask follow up questions, but she made it quite clear years ago that this was my time, not hers. So I just sit, cross my ankles, and wait for her to fire the first question.
“How are you doing today?” Dr. Jett asks. Her hand holds a black Pilot G2 pen, not a Montblanc you would normally expect with someone like her in her perfect suit and coiffed hair. She tucks a loose strand of golden blonde hair behind her ear as she waits for my response.
“Fine.” I bite my tongue before, ‘And yourself?’ slips from my mouth. It’s a habit of mine.
“And school?” she continues, trying to probe something juicy from me, anything she can pounce on and drag from within me. “How is that going?” Her pen taps against the notepad.
“It’s school,” I answer, matter-of-factly. What would she expect me to say about school? Oh, I dropped out and decided to join the circus as a trapeze artist. So no more school for me anymore. Maybe then, I’d have something to say that would shock her.
But I don’t.
This is the typical dialogue during our sessions. I don’t understand why she wants to record them. I mean, she has my permission to do it. I don’t really care if she has my voice—all my thoughts, all my problems, every one of my delusional issues I never say but she can hear—on tape. It’s just that she could hand write the entire thing like a minute keeper and still have too much useless information about me.
I don’t really have a problem with the tape recorder. It isn’t like she just announced one day that she was recording my worst moments for playback for the hell of it and she didn’t care if I agreed or objected. No. I willingly let her because I didn’t really give a crap when I started these sessions.
Somewhere in this building, in the deep, dark abyss of all things disturbing and chaotic, I grow on tape. Physically—no one can see that but it’s easy to guess. They can speculate when listening, my voice changes, deepens. Mentally—I would say that was minimal growth, but I am biased and self-critical. Eh, I’m mostly self-loathing and wallowing in my own self-pity.
I’m also a little vain, can’t you tell?
“It started last week,” she continues, not phrasing a question, but simply stating the fact. Her eyes glance down at the blank page on her lap. I haven’t given her a reason to write anything yet. “Do you like your classes, Joey?”
I shrug, saying, “They’re okay.” Instantly, with her simple question, I feel weak, I feel vulnerable. I hate feeling as if my walls are down, as if they’ve fallen with her words, and I’m exposed. Completely bare. I try and suppress the feeling, to bury it. “I’m in four AP classes, so it’s not too hectic for me.”
“Not too hectic?” she replies, her right eyebrow arced. “Most students can’t handle that kind of workload.”
That is true.
“But most students,” I say bitterly, darting my distracted gaze to the open window, “are not me.” It’s a bold point to counter with, but I just cock my head to the side in challenge, stating the obvious. “I like the challenge. I welcome the challenge. Anything to keep me busy.” My hands grip each other in my lap, my fingers weaving together and unweaving. Anyone who knows me, even minimally, despite my efforts, could tell that, at this moment, we are about the breach a topic I would rather not discuss. We are drifting toward enemy territory.
Dr. Jett? Well, she knows me very well.
“Why do you need to be busy?” she asks. Her hand glides across the page, the pen dancing and bouncing as she finally finds something noteworthy, something that needs to be documented for future reference.
I bite my bottom lip, lightly nibbling, trying to figure out how I want to answer this question. If I mention the nightmares, she might force me into another sleep study. Oh, whom am I kidding, she would definitely force me into another sleep study. Damn me for being a minor. I don’t want to go through that again. Soon, out of nervousness, my hand replaces my bottom lip and I’m biting my nails as the session continues in awkward silence.
“I like to be busy,” I answer simply with my finger in my mouth, hoping to leave it at that and move forward, move on and trudge past this. It’s an easy answer. It’s a good answer. I should leave it at that. But no, I stupidly open my mouth and add, “I like to be occupied.”
“Occupied?” Her head cocks to the side slightly, the loose hair falling from her ear gracefully, a blonde curl falling down the front of her right shoulder. She makes no move to tuck it back.
Crap! Crap! Crap!
I blame my stupid mouth for that. Don’t betray me, lips.
Wrong word to use. Why did I say occupied? That was a stupid slipup. My teeth transition from my index finger to my middle finger, clamping down on the nail until my teeth click together. I’m a compulsive nail biter, obviously, though I did stop for two months. That is a personal best. Now the habit is starting again. I can picture my hands by tomorrow, nails bitten down, red and bloody. It’s not attractive.
It’s too late to take the word back and substitute something different. I can’t just be like, ‘Did I say occupied? I meant’—substitute any other word in the damn dictionary that makes sense.
“What needs to be occupied, Joey?” Dr. Jett presses, hoping that I’ll openly tell her, that I will confide in her like the ­good little patient I am.
My ring finger is next.
“Just answer the question.” She sighs. I didn’t know that waiting on me to talk was so exhausting. Not like it’s your job or anything, Doc.
I roll my eyes. “Me.” The easy answer escapes my mouth in a mousy squeak. I feel bare, I feel open now. Thanks, Doc. I have never been this open with her. I have never admitted anything to her, not even when she was begging me to trust her, not even as she tried to build and gain a friendship with me.
“You?” Her eyes narrow as she tries to analyze the statement better to understand what I am trying to say so she can better understand and decipher the thought I refuse to release. Good luck with that, I really want to tell her, but it never leaves my lips. Sure, now I shut up. “Do you mean your mind, Joey?”
My eyes cast down to the speckled carpet beneath my feet. It is gray, overall, with tiny flecks of brown, black, red, yellow, and other colors I’m too nervous to identify mentally. It’s not an attractive carpet. I am avoiding her gaze by trying to pretend that I care about her stupid carpet in her stupid office.
“Have the nightmares started again?”
Crap!
With her words, I feel my metaphorical wall crumble to the metaphorical ground. I’m open for the battle, I’m open to be wounded, and I am weak.
Slowly, my eyes rise from the carpet, locking with her steely blues. She knows. Of course, she knows, she’s a trained professional prepared to read people. From my noticeable discomfort and my uneasy body language, she nods her understanding and jots something down. I know she will want to talk about it; she will want to drag it out of me kicking and screaming.
Damn, I hate body language.
“I don’t remember them,” I tell her before she can fire the first question. “I just…” How do I say this? “I just know they’re bad and they scare me—terrify me.” I shrug my shoulders, seemingly defeated. “That’s it.”
If only that was it.
Immediately, I try and rebuild my shattered wall, the wall she seemed to demolish with one question—five words, to protect me from anything else she may ask. We shouldn’t talk about this, I would rather we not talk about it, or anything close to this topic. She is paid to listen to me but I just want to pretend the nightmares don’t happen—they don’t exist. Since I can never remember any of them, it is easy to do.
Until she brings them up.
Dr. Jett, because she must know, or at least speculate, tries to press the issue more. She tries to get me to explain what I mean and what happened, but my lips seal themselves and I don’t reply to any of her questions for the rest of the session. After a while, with a loud, long sigh, she gives up, clicking her pen closed, and checking the clock. Our session ends, thank God, and I’m on the road heading home to finish my calculus homework.
Hilary sits at the dining room table wearing her dark blue robe when I walk through the door. It’s speckled with golden stars to appear like a happy version of the night sky. Her robe is open, revealing her flannel floral-printed pajama pants and baggy white t-shirt. I fling my purse into the nearest chair in frustration; drop the keys in the hideous bowl by the door, then take a seat on the overstuffed couch. I fight the urge to prop my legs on the coffee table in front of me. I tend to get lectured for doing that. A lot. I’m a repeat offender.
With all the noise I make, she doesn’t stir, her eyes focused on something in her hands.
“Hello?” I call when she doesn’t notice me in the living room. I’m practically sitting next to her. She snaps to attention, shuffling something in her hands. It looks like the mail. I can see envelopes of various sizes and different colors.
“Hey, Joey,” she says nervously, her voice an octave higher than usual. I raise an eyebrow, staring at her skeptically. She is up to something. “When did you get here?” Hilary asks; obviously flustered for some unknown reason. I want to know the reason.
“Two minutes ago…” I answer, trailing off and dragging out the words, confusion and wonder apparent in my voice. If I asked why she’s nervous—around me, of all people—would she tell me? Probably. Probably not. I don’t want to press it.
“How was your session with Dr. Jett?” Her cheeks flush pink, briefly, clashing with the orange of her hair.
“Fine,” I reply—half lying—while I watch her pick through the mail; some envelopes opened, a few still sealed. She selects one envelope and stares at it, her eyes narrowing slightly as she reads the front of it.
“That’s good.” She tucks that envelope into the largest pocket on her robe. It must be something for her, that’s why she’s nervous, I reason. It’s something she doesn’t want me to see. I wonder if it is something I could use to embarrass her, blackmail her, anything to get that extended curfew I’ve always desired and never needed. As if. If that is the case, then it can’t be anything good. An admirer, maybe? That would be cool for her, assuming it wasn’t some crazed stalker with an oedipal complex. I just want to know what it is. I’m nosy. “I’m going to get ready for work, okay?”
I won’t be asking about what is in her pocket, now.
“Cool,” I answer her as she walks past me to the stairs on the other side of the room. My glasses slide down my nose and I push them up before looking toward the stairs, following my aunt as she walks. Hilary turns to look at me. It is something she has always done when she worries about me. What’s going on, now? Her green eyes cast over me, the sadness in her eyes dark and obvious, turning her emerald gaze into a hollow pool. She pities me, she cries for me on occasion. It seems she is sadder I lost my mother than she is about losing her sister.
It makes sense. Her own mother died when she was young, leaving her within the custody of a father who didn’t want her. He didn’t take the time to be a father before he decided it was too much effort to raise a little girl. He never cared about her. He would leave her anyplace he could sneak a child within as he dated, screwed around, and snorted so many drugs that he forgot he was a father. Then, after he left her in a bar at three in the morning, the state took control of the situation, placing her within the system that would almost lose her, ruin her, destroy her, creating a little girl that thought love was a fleeting thing. A girl who believed abandonment was the best she could get.
That was how Hilary met my mother; they were in the same home a few times before a Scottish couple adopted them both.
My mother was the product of a teenage pregnancy and while the girl thought the beautiful baby she was giving up would go to a good home instantly, something she couldn’t provide, it turned out my mother had a serious heart condition, one that needed immediate medical attention and surgery. All interested parents quickly backed away because they thought it was too much effort. They even thought she wouldn’t make it past her second birthday. By the time it was over, she had the surgery, she was good and even better than before, she was three years old. Most people want to adopt babies, not toddlers. That was how my mother found herself in foster care, bouncing from home to home.
Hilary told me when my mother spoke of this; she would dive into this pit of depression, the old feelings overwhelming her. She felt hurt, unloved, and unwanted. Tears would flood her large honey-colored eyes. She was only in search of a family to love and care for her the way she deserved, the way her birth mother intended.
As she searched for it, my mother decided to look after a little redheaded girl with large green eyes and no smile on her freckled face. My mother was older than Hilary by seven years but that didn’t stop her from watching over Hilary when they were in the system together. She felt it was her duty to keep Hilary on the good track, not letting her keep any, um… bad company.
When my mother turned fourteen—Hilary was seven—the same family took them both in. The couple couldn’t have kids of their own and thought that fostering children was better than nothing. Soon, my mother was adopted, as was my aunt, and they were officially family. Hilary always told me how much of a dream it seemed, to have a family and a sister.
My mother was the only family Hilary knew before that.
Not long after that, the couple adopted a four-year-old boy, Sam, adding him to the puzzle that was their family. He fit like the perfect piece, adding dysfunction and love to their lives.
Glancing around the room at the pictures lining the walls—the pictures of Hilary and my mom, of Uncle Sam and my mom, of my grandparents, of my siblings and my mom, of my family as a whole one Christmas when I was two. It is easy to assume they were just close friends—that they kept in touch after they went to school together. My mother had dark chocolate skin and long dark curls that sprang like a coiled mattress spring. She was tall with model-like features. She had the body and motion of a well-trained dancer, all grace and beauty. I look most like her I am told on occasion.
I don’t see it.
Never have.
Hilary is short, just a millimeter north of five-feet-one, with fair freckled skin and bright orange-red hair that falls to her shoulders in an even line. Her eyes are a lovely, vibrant green, like emeralds. She has an athletic body brought on by running track and playing soccer, volleyball, and basketball throughout high school and most of college.
With a small, tight smile, as if it is taking all that she can muster not to cry at the sight of me, she turns to walk up the stairs, leaving me in the memory-decorated living room, fighting the urge to cry myself.
Four
After Hilary leaves for the hospital, I’m tempted just to lie back on the couch and nap. I am tempted to dive into my subconscious and swim among the darkness. The thought of sleeping for a good ten hours or so is so overwhelming, so tantalizing, that I can feel my body unconsciously lean back to succumb to the wanted escape, but, unfortunately, I have work to do. Damn homework! So I go and work on my remaining calculus problems like a good little girl, successfully finishing what I couldn’t in class. I practice my violin, playing through Brandenburg twice until my fingers can find the notes on their own. After that, I am dressed in Spongebob Squarepants flannel sleep shorts, which I bought because they were fuzzy, with Beowulf open in my lap.
My alarm wakes me before I can even realize I fell asleep. Beowulf is on my chest, my body as the bookmark. I only made it ten pages before I clonked out for the night, succumbing to the pulls of my exhaustion.
Forcefully, I start my morning routine in a hazy blur—too tired to move, really—still smiling, though. I realize I didn’t wake up screaming from a nightmare like a normal morning. Great news! My nights are usually filled with scary, unseen moments coupled with the feeling of drowning, suffocation, and falling, and my mornings are usually spent stripping the nervous sweat from my body as I try and calm my nerves before I face the rest of my day.
My celebratory happy dance is short but sweet; only four twists of my Spongebob-clad hips because I don’t dance. But I continue to bounce when I walk. I like the little hop in my step, now that I think about it. I should be happy more often. It really suits me.
I tug on my clothes, deciding on a pair of light blue jeans, minus the frayed holes at the knee, a dark green t-shirt that brings out my eyes, and a green beanie I knitted myself during the summer. Yes, I am a nerd who likes to knit in her spare time. I run down the stairs, still feeling euphoric, and flip the lock on the door for Zephyr and Jamie. Like normal. It’s all normal to me.
I distract myself, while singing a New Medicine song lightly under my breath, as I slide everything I need—all the finished homework, every large textbook, all pieces of sheet music—into my striped Dakine backpack.
The door opens, the hinges crying out for oil, and I turn to greet Zephyr with a wide smile on my face. I wonder how he will act when he spies my good mood. He is always the first one to walk through the door, usually leaving Jamie to walk over by herself and complain about being abandoned. Sometimes she even smacks him on the back of the head. I normally have a makeshift breakfast for them but I am running a little behind on my normal schedule. The dancing threw me off.
Red drops splatter soundlessly against the white carpet by the door, dripping from something long and metallic, glinting in the early morning light streaming through the thin slits in the vertical blinds. A knife—a large butcher knife—the kind you would normally find sitting in a wooden block in your kitchen or sheathed for protection in a drawer, that is what my eyes identify, that is what drips.
…blood?
It takes forced effort, but my eyes slowly trail from the hand clutching the blade up the bare arm splattered with red to the face I don’t recognize but I have seen somewhere. I stare into the dark blue eyes, solid and dark like the center of the Pacific Ocean, almost as deep as the Mariana Trench. But familiar, so very familiar, as they stare back at me—stare through me.
An eerie, malicious grin splits his stone face. It is as if he has finally found something. Me? Has he found me?
“Josie, honey,” the man says with a voice that chills my blood, locks my bones in places, and freezes me where I stand. The vibrato of his tone sends a strong chill down my spine, shaking my body viciously. “I’ve been looking all over for you,” he continues, his voice haunting and light, floating through me—slicing through me.
Josie?
I heard the name Josie.
One day, Dr. Jett told me about Fight or Flight. Whether, when in a stressful, scary situation, you fight your way through it or you flee to protect yourself from it. Then she mentioned how some people add Freeze as one of the options. That is when you’re too scared to do anything, too scared to move, too scared to scream, too scared to fight for your very life, that you freeze.
I always wondered, hypothetically, what I would do if I were in one of those types of situations. Would I fight or take flight because I couldn’t possibly freeze. I couldn’t possibly let something happen to me.
But I don’t move. I don’t flee. And I don’t think I can fight.
Instinct only tells me to scream. My instinct tells me to scream loudly, and I do.
My body falls to the floor, my knees crashing to the carpeted ground, because the sight of this man in my living room holding a bloodied knife scares me too much to move in any other way. I am still screaming, unable to stop, unable to protect myself when he walks over to me. I can feel his footsteps vibrate against the floorboards, sending something similar to shards of glass up my legs. He is like an earthquake, shaking me until I fall to the ground, my hands splayed against the carpet, and trying to make myself smaller. I try to shrink away from whatever is happening, what this is, and become invisible.
At this one moment—I only want to be invisible.
This isn’t happening. This isn’t happening.
Shaking like a leaf, I know I am unable to prevent what’s inevitable.
This isn’t happening this isn’t happening this isn’t happening...
His hand tightly grips my shoulder, his fingernails digging into my flesh, drawing blood, stealing a piece of me. His voice growls for me to shut up, to stop screaming, but I can’t. I won’t. This is all I can do. This is all that my body will allow me to do. This is…
“JOEY!” a familiar voice seeps in, crying for my attention, warring with the man standing before me. I’m saved. They won’t let this man, this beast; hurt me. “Joey, please wake up,” the voice begs of me. My body shakes harder, vigorously quaking back and forth.
My eyes pop open to stare into a pair of blurry brown eyes, wide and terrified, staring back at me. I open my mouth, take a deep breath, and prepare to scream again, but then I recognize the brown eyes—they’re not here to hurt me, they will never hurt me—and I take another deep, shuddering breath.
“Zephyr?” I sigh, my body shaking ferociously.
He is sitting on the edge of my unkempt bed—what the hell happened to my blankets?—shirtless. Shirtless? He’s also barefoot in plaid-flannel pajama pants. I can see the two tattoos on his side, the two quotes he had inked into his skin by a tattoo artist who didn’t care he was underage.
The memory of the day comes back to me, pushing my dream from my brain. I was with him when he got them at the beginning of the summer last June. The minute the last bell rang signaling the end of the school year, we walked to the tattoo shop near school.
I can still remember the alcoholic smell of the shop, how it smelled clean and sterile. If they didn’t care about our age, at least we could tell they cared about infection. I can still remember the wide, toothy smile on Zephyr’s face when he sat down, leaning back in the seat, before the needed started dancing along his skin. I can even remember how that smile fell from his face after the guy drew the first line, the needle stabbing his skin repeatedly.
All those memories draw my eyes to my left wrist, the one that holds my own tattoo. It’s a treble clef, simple. I couldn’t really think of anything else to permanently ink onto my body.
But those memories don’t comfort me now. They quickly disappear in a vapor-like state, quickly covered by the large man with the knife, the one who called me Josie and told me to shut up, to stop screaming. The man who was looking for me.
I can feel Zephyr’s hands on my shoulders, his grip tight and hard against my skin. I realize that it was him; Zephyr, that I felt gripping into me, not the man with the knife. The man with the knife never touched me. He never touched me. He never touched me. He never got close enough to touch me.
It was only a dream, Joey.
Only a nightmare. You’re awake now.
“Holy. Crap, Joey?” Zephyr snaps, letting out a large sigh. He drops his head—I notice his long hair is tangled and messy, wild about his head, as if he were in a hurry to get to me, to save me from something. In the brief moment of quiet passing between us, silently thank him for that. “What the hell was that?” he asks loudly.
I can’t answer that. As much as I want to spill what is in my brain, as much as I want to open up and let Zephyr in, I can’t. It makes me a horrible person and a worse friend. It hurts me, hurts my heart to keep this from him.
“What time is it?” I ask instead, hearing the terrified tremble in my voice as I ignore his question. I grab my glasses from the bedside table—I guess I took them off at some point—sliding them over my eyes, and everything blurry comes into focus.
“Early,” he snaps.
Then it dawns on me. Zephyr is in my room, in my house. How the hell…? I remember locking the door after Hilary left for work, I know she isn’t home now otherwise, it would be her on my bedside, and I walked through the lower floor—per my usual paranoid nightly routine—to make sure all openings to the outside world were closed and locked. Three times.
I am a bit paranoid.
“How did you get in here?” I rest my hands on his arms, feeling the muscles tense as he moves to look at me. His expression is angry but his eyes are kind, soft.
“Hilary gave my mom a spare key a while back,” he replies. That I remember; I know Molly, Zephyr’s mother, keeps all the spare keys in the same place: on the inside of a cupboard in the kitchen. I discovered that when I went scrounging through their kitchen for food a few years ago. Everything is labeled, just as you would see in Bree Van De Kamp’s kitchen on Desperate Housewives. You know, before the show ended. “In case of emergencies,” he continues, adding, “I thought this was an emergency. I could hear you screaming bloody murder from my room.” If only he knew. “You woke me up, Jo.” My eyes wander to my window—it’s closed, I made sure of that before I crawled into bed. Across the alley, his bedroom is illuminated with a bright yellow light. I also notice his window is also closed. “You scared the crap out of me, Joey, what’s up?”
Looking into his eyes as he leans over me, feeling his skin beneath my fingertips, feeling him as he shifts. I could tell him. I feel close to him at this moment. He would understand. He would hear all the horrors bottled in my head and he would understand completely. He knows me better than anyone. He would know. He would know me.
I open my mouth, fully prepared to tell him everything, fully prepared to unleash my inner demons… Quickly, it shuts, clamping down tightly.
I can’t.
“Nothing but a nightmare,” I answer meekly and ashamed, my voice nearly a whisper. I avoid his eyes; mine still stuck on my window, knowing he can spot a lie in my eyes.
“That,” he starts loudly. There is anger I have never heard him use with me filling his voice, “wasn’t a nightmare.” My eyes travel to the clock on the opposite of the room, anything to prevent myself from looking at him as he scolds me—it’s after one in the morning. “That was something much worse. You were thrashing around like someone was trying to kill you.”
Maybe he does know.
He has to know.
He’s not stupid.
Damn! I don’t want him to know.
I shake my head. He doesn’t need to know, I tell myself. I can keep it from him. “Zephyr, just go back home,” I quietly beg, feeling exhaustion take my body over. But do I want to keep it from him? I sag into the mattress, my stiff body losing its strength, losing its fight. “Go back to bed. I’m fine.” I lie, still clutching on to his arms. I don’t want him to go, not really. I want him to stay. I want him to keep me safe.
Zephyr lets out a long, deep breath. “You’re not fine, there’s—” he begins, but I’m quick to cut him off.
“I’m fine,” I bark out loudly. My voice begs him to believe me, if not, then he should just let it go and leave before I start to cry, which could be soon despite my best efforts to hold back. I feel my throat begin to tighten; I can feel my eyes start to water. I don’t cry. I hate the thought of me crying. It shows weakness and I try so hard to be anything but weak. “There is nothing wrong, Zephyr,” I continue to lie.
“Fine,” he quietly agrees, knowing me well enough to just leave me be, to let me wallow in my own self-pity, before he states, more for himself, “You’re fine.” Reluctantly, Zephyr releases my shoulders and stands up, my hands gliding along his arms as he pulls away from me, backing away from the bed.
The moment he pulls away, the cold rushes in, surrounding me, consuming me. I would give anything to bring him back, pull him close, and keep him with me through the night. I could tell him everything, tell him how much I value him in my life and how this part of me, this piece of me I keep hidden from everyone, I've let it control me for so long and I just want to give up. He would understand that. He would understand it all.
As much as those words, those thoughts, play through my mind and rehearse their own dance, my mouth won't open. It locks tight, hiding my truths and creating lies by using omission.
Zephyr stops at the door and runs his hands through his hair with noticeable frustration as he asks, “You would tell me, right? I mean, if something really was wrong. You’d tell me?”
It is at this moment that I realize Zephyr likes to see the best in people. Namely me. He would love to think that, with our years of friendship, I would trust him with my darkest fears, my deepest secrets, and my strongest worries. It’s important to him.
We share the same hope.
One day—in the distant future—I hope I am brave enough to share these things, all of these things, with him.
Unfortunately, that day hasn’t yet arrived.
And I am scared that, because of this, I might lose him.
“Of course,” I lie, forcing a small smile onto my face to defeat his doubt. I’d say, and do, anything to end this conversation. I’d do anything to send him home across the alley.
Maybe he believes me.
“Okay.” He nods, his eyes boring into mine, trying to figure me out. He’s trying to read me, read my thoughts. I want to be sure he believes the lie, that I’m a believable liar, but I can tell from the look in his eyes, the set of his arms, the sadness covering his face, he knows I’m lying. Zephyr has been my best friend long enough to read me, long enough to understand me, or most of me, like a book.
He shrugs, turning to leave, pulling the door shut behind him.
Once I’m sure he is at least walking down the stairs, I let out the deep breath I didn’t know I was holding, my body sagging further into the mattress. My head falls to the pillow with a soft thud muffled by the fabric. I hear the front door close and lock behind Zephyr as he leaves; the house is quiet enough for that sound to flow through the air, through the walls, to my waiting ears. I can picture him walking back to his house through the dewy grass, tendrils sticking to the soles of his bare feet. Maybe he stops to take one last look at the house, a fleeting glance at my front door as he tries to decide if he made the right decision in leaving me to deal with whatever this is on my own, but he keeps walking. I want him to keep walking back to his house.
I count to twenty-seven—my favorite number—slowly, watching his room through my window, waiting for him to enter. The light clicks off and I know he’s home where he should be. All is dark in the neighborhood, as it should be.
And once again, all is as it should be.
My room is dark and the shadows dance along my walls thanks to the streetlamps in the neighborhood. This is when the boogeyman comes out to play, my mind disturbingly tells me, this is when he likes to take his prisoners, delving them into a dark world they can never escape. This is the time when the things that scare you the most become reality and play your mind like a drum.
I squeeze my eyes shut, blocking out the world and the shadows, hoping to silence my mind and all its worries, all its crazy ramblings, but all I can see is him. The man with the knife. He stands in front of me, blood drip, drip, dripping onto the once-spotless carpet beneath his muddied boots.
What did he call me? Josie.
Who is Josie?
The man… he couldn’t be my father, could he?
What if he was?
What can I do if he was my father?
I can’t rewrite my genetics, as much as I would like to, it’s a part of me as deep as my DNA goes. There isn’t anything I can do about it.
Sitting up in my bed, I pull my phone from its usual nightly place beneath my pillow and, and without hesitation, dial the phone number I have never dialed. Hilary programmed the number into my contacts when I wasn’t paying attention one afternoon. A just in case number, just like the number for her wing at the hospital, and this was a case just for the right person.
I reach her voicemail.
“You have reached the voicemail of Doctor Caroline Jett,” the recorded voice tells me. “Please leave your name and number and I will get back to you as soon as possible. If this is an emergency, please hang up and dial 9-1-1 for the local police.”
Beep.
“Hi, Dr. Jett, it’s Joey Archembault.” I begin hesitantly, nerves causing my heart to beat faster, my breathing to quicken, and my palms to sweat. I hate talking on the phone. “I know it’s late, like, really late. Or early depending. But I just had a nightmare and I—” I pause, not entirely sure what to say. Should I blurt I think my father was in my nightmare holding a knife? Should I say I think he wanted to kill me? “I think a month is too long, can we schedule something sooner, please?” That should do it. I give my number and hang up, shoving my phone back beneath my pillow.
Now what?
I click on the television, the tiny set on my dresser, with the remote from my nightstand, illuminating my room in a pale blue light. I am ready to watch Golden Girls on the Hallmark Channel for the rest of the night. Needless to say, I don’t think I’ll be able to fall back to sleep tonight.
Five
Dr. Jett calls early the next morning—maybe she returned my call before she even listened to my message—to schedule an appointment for the upcoming Thursday afternoon. That should calm my nerves. It really should ease the tension in my shoulders, but it only scares me more.
Zephyr looked utterly drained when he stomped into my kitchen, as if he was drained mentally, physically, and emotionally. He was quiet, which I thought was weird; he’s a regular social butterfly. As we rode to school, he just leaned his head back and feigned sleep but I could tell he was awake. Was he trying to avoid me?
Jamie was oblivious to the unusual situation, her mind only on her beloved Marcus. Zephyr barely looked at me as we walked into the school; he barely spoke to me in the halls, and completely ignored me in class.
Are you serious?
I sit right next to the kid!
I was tempted to ask him what his issue was, his freaking deal. I almost asked him if he was mad at me for last night, for waking him up and making him feel the need to come to my rescue, to rescue me. Honestly, it wasn’t my fault. I would tell him this if he gave me the chance. I’d continue to explain it was just a bad dream; something I had no control over, but he bolted from the room before the bell even rang.
What the hell, dude?
I roll my eyes as I watch him flee into the growing crowd, his backpack disappearing as he ducks unsuccessfully behind a fellow athlete.
I stand in the middle of the hallway for a moment, watching where he disappeared. If he wants to be an immature brat, that is fine with me, but he shouldn’t expect me to just suck it up and take him back when he comes crawling to me to apologize just because he is over his foul mood. In my mind, the word manstruating flashes in bright red letters and I conclude he is having his time of the month. I should mark this on a calendar for future reference.
It is still pissing me off that he would treat me like this.
The lunchroom is abuzz with loud voices when I walk down the stairs—conversations about school and gossip about the people in it—these voices used to halt when I would walk through, in the figurative back in the day. These days, I’m just another invisible fixture and completely ignorable. I’m another portrait hanging on the wall, another pillar in the cafeteria. I really want to make a Pink Floyd reference but feel that would be overkill. Well, that and the school doesn’t really have that many visible bricks. Every wall is thick concrete, dry wall, or those random walls that you can fold and bend to make two classrooms into one giant classroom.
Taking my usual table, I sit on the opposite side with my back to the rest of the lunchroom. It’s easier to ignore Zephyr if I can’t look at him as he sits near the front of the room at the popular table. Out of sight, out of mind. To drive the point home, I lift up the hood of my black sweatshirt and try to become unnoticeable. I just love the thought of being invisible.
“Still in a mood?” asks Harley, whose head I bit off in gym this morning when she asked me how I was doing—I admit I overreacted. She slides into the seat across from me, Kennie sliding in next to her. Harley tosses me an apple, Kennie slides me a banana, and these small gestures make me smile for the first time today. At least I have them.
“The banana should help,” Kennie explains, a wide smile splitting her glossed lips, revealing her perfect teeth. From pictures around her house, I know she had braces before we met. They worked wonders because all the guys stutter at her smile.
“What do you mean?” I ask with a raised eyebrow, now confused with the fruit in my hands. I don’t know very much about bananas. The topic doesn’t come up very much in my classes. I know they’re great for potassium intake and they’re berries by technical definition because it’s a fleshy fruit produced from a single seed, while a strawberry is covered in seeds, so it isn’t a berry. Weird, right?
It is obvious here that I read way too much.
“I read somewhere that they help with depression.” I cock my head to the side. The look on my face forces her to continue. “Bananas increase serotonin levels.” As she speaks, she nods, continuing with, “but like I said, I read it somewhere on the internet and who knows what you can believe with help from Google.”
“I didn’t know that,” I tell her, flipping the fruit in my hands. I like bananas. “It’s still an interesting tidbit, thanks, Kennie.” I like to learn random trivia. That’s why no one likes to play me in a game of Trivial Pursuit. If a question about bananas comes up, I think I’ve got it down.
“Are we actually having a conversation about bananas?” Harley blurts loudly, making a very good point. We all exchange looks with each other before we start laughing, giggling loudly together.
Thanks, Harley.
Harley, being the nice girl she is, asks Kennie about her date with Duke Bishop, Kennie’s boyfriend for the past year and a half, last night. It was their final date before he leaves for college on the other side of the state. I don’t really want to listen to Kennie gush about it endlessly but it’s easy to put my brain on autopilot and ignore my present world with petty problems while continuing to comment and nod whenever appropriate. Kennie blathers on and on about his genuine kindness, how he opened the door for her and pulled her chair out for her. She even states, in far too much detail, how he gently kissed her at the end of the night.
Apparently, chivalry hasn’t completely died out.
Duke Bishop is the perfect guy for her. Harley and I have always known that. It’ll suck with him on the other side of the state because Kennie will be sullen and depressed but he promised to make frequent trips before the passes clog up with snow, even then, he still vows to brave the snow.
She squealed—literal pig-like squeal—when he told her that.
Kennie stops talking, in midsentence, her eyes shifting to a point over my right shoulder and focusing intently. She looks shocked. Harley, noticing the shift in our friend’s demeanor and the unusual silence floating around our table that never lasts long, starts staring at me, a scowl fixed on her face previously happy face. She spots whatever Kennie is staring at.
What now?
I almost ask them what they are staring at and why they are acting so weird all of sudden. The words form on my tongue, ready. Then I start to wonder what it could be. Maybe it’s Zephyr here to start talking to me; maybe he is ready to apologize for being such an ass earlier—I promised myself not to let him off the hook so easily. Instead of all the speculation, I decide to turn and face it myself. Turning, my eyes connect with dark jeans, a sky blue polo shirt, letterman’s jacket, and perfectly tousled blonde locks. Ice blue eyes stare down at me and I fight the urge to roll mine.
“Is this seat empty?” Ryder Harrison asks, pointing to the open spot on my right. He can’t be serious. His voice is light and smooth but deep, very different than I have ever heard spoken before. If I could judge a person based on a voice, I would say this person has a superiority complex.
I let out a sigh and tuck my hair behind my ear. “Yes. And this one will be, too, if you sit down.”
Somehow, that sounds like an invitation to him. His leg bumps into my right shoulder as he throws his leg over the bench to take the spot next to me.
“Hello, ladies,” Ryder coos next to me, sucking up to my friends. Bold move, dude. His voice is too smooth, like chocolate gliding over velvet. You can hear the cockiness and the agenda in his tone; he’s here for me, only me, and my friends are just bystanders here to witness what he thinks is inevitable because he’s Ryder effing Harrison and he gets whatever he wants whenever he wants it.
Gag me with a damn spoon!
Right now, he wants me.
That makes me want to punch him.
I don’t look at him. I don’t want to. In fact, the thought of sharing this small space with Ryder is enough to make me want to wander into oncoming traffic at the height of rush hour in downtown Seattle. I don’t want to play into the disturbing fairytale Kennie dreamed up nor do I wish to toy with the outrageous idea that maybe, just maybe, she was right. She cannot be right.
But with the way Ryder is stealing glances at me, the way the side of his mouth tugs up in a smirk when he takes these glances, these brief looks at me, has me thinking I may be wrong.
Crap, I am wrong. Very, very wrong.
Damn it, I hate being wrong.
“Hey, Ryder,” replies Kennie in the high I am cheerleader voice she uses during pep rallies when they hand her the blow horn. Her smile wide and toothy, like she is in on the joke I have yet to hear. Did she plan this? No, she knows I would hate—hate—this and give her the childish silent treatment every day by spending lunch in the library.
My guilty pleasure.
“Kennie.” He nods his blonde head and worn Seahawks cap in her direction, as if to acknowledge her in the High School Acceptable way—without emotion. “How’re you doing?” he asks her, taking a real interest in her.
Hmm, surprising.
Maybe she’s wrong and he is here for her? Really—feel the hope within me—what if he’s only sitting next to me because it’s the only open seat at the table—not really, but I like this plan—this way, he can stare at her, ogle her flawless beauty, and creep the only way he knows how.
As much as I’d love that, as much as some little piece of me wishes to believe that, it can’t be true. Duke is one of his good friends. I’d like to think that Ryder is the scum of the Earth, but I heard somewhere in this hell that is high school Ryder would never, and I quote, ‘mess with a friend’s girl.’
I take a bite, a bit too aggressively, from the apple as Kennie replies politely, “I’m good, Ryder.” I swear the girl is beaming. I really want to peel the banana but there is no way I am eating that in front of him. I’ve seen teen movies and I’m already joked about enough around here.
“How are you, Joey?” That throws me for a loop and I nearly choke on my mushy chunk of apple. His eyes are set to mine, staring into them as if he’s trying to discover some deep secret to seek access to the temple.
Fat chance, buddy.
I know this is random, but I really want him to be chased by a giant boulder. Downhill. And the boulder crosses the finish line first. With an itty bitty Ryder imprint. My macabre thoughts and interest in Indiana Jones makes me smile.
“Amazed,” I grumble with a full mouth, better to try and gross him out as I ask him, “and yourself?” I stare at him. His blue eyes are blank and show no understanding. Just great.
Why is sarcasm lost upon the weak minded?
He’s fine, he tells me, and that lands us in familiar territory: the awkward silence. That lull in the conversation that seems to take five hours to overcome rather than the realistic thirty seconds. I just want to walk away—because it would be rude and interesting—but I fight the overwhelming urge. The thought brings a small smile to my lips, imagining leaving him with Kennie and Harley; Kennie smiling like a mad woman because she’s so happy Ryder is talking to me and Harley glaring as if she was staring at something both amazing and disgusting, mostly agreeing with the latter.
However, I don’t. I, for some unknown reason, stick it out five awkward, silent minutes, while my friends continue to stare at the wreck he’s creating by being here.
“So, Joey, I was thinking—” Ryder begins. I open my mouth to cut him off with, ‘Good for you, I didn’t know that brains worked beneath that shiny, blonde head of yours,’ but someone with impeccable timing beats me to it.
“Joey, let’s talk.” Zephyr slides onto the bench next to me. He’s so close that I can smell his cologne—I think he wears cologne. Whatever it is, it’s familiar and it makes me smile, briefly. I stop myself when I realize how close he is and that he would know I was happy to see him. Don’t want him thinking that, now. His chocolate eyes glance toward Ryder, his eyes silently asking for a challenge, and I think I see something else in his stare… jealousy? But it’s gone before I can correctly identify it.
I roll my eyes dramatically. Looking across the table. Kennie is watching the three of us with wide eyes and… fear? I think fear. Why the girl is scared, I couldn’t answer. Harley’s smirking, waiting for someone to throw a punch. I need to tell her it might be me. I might start swinging—any second, now.
Annoyed with the two boys flanking me, I ask, “What do you want, Zephyr?” Speaking through clenched teeth—a sure sign of my growing anger. Soon, I will pass angry and hit infuriated going full speed.
“To talk to you,” he whispers, close enough that I can finally decide that yes, he is wearing cologne. Very delicious cologne that makes my mouth water and breath hitch, I might add.
Damn! Where the hell did that come from?
Brain, focus.
The thought to tell him that he has had plenty of opportunities to talk to me throughout the morning, plenty of moments when he could have grabbed my arm, pulled me aside, and gotten my attention, but he passed them all by. I don’t. I ignore it and stare out the window through the tiny space between my two friends’ heads. I don’t want to see the looks on their faces. I can’t even begin to fathom what they must be thinking.
Actually, I can.
Harley, being as great as she is, probably wants to injure both Zephyr and Ryder—just like me—while Kennie, who is still a sweetheart with a thriving library, the typical hopeless romantic, might think this is straight from a romance novel.
There is no romance here. This is my life. Not a Jane Austen novel.
Instead, I stand up, dragging my backpack with me, ignoring everyone’s loud protests, and I flee to my only safe haven within the constricting walls of this school. It’s easy to find me but no one does, no one searches for me, no one chases after me, and I am happy about that. The librarian smiles at me as I run into the book-filled room seeking solace between the stacks, she is so used to seeing me at random times during the day. I head toward a few well-worn recliner chairs sitting against the wall behind the classics section. I quickly plop into my usual seat and wait for the bell ending lunch as I pass the time by trying to decipher the words of Beowulf.
Lunch ends too quickly, leaving me with a half finished homework assignment, and I go through the rest of my day in a hazy fog. A thick fog no one can penetrate because I am just so angry about lunch. I am angry with Ryder for thinking that just because he is who he is, I would instantly fall into his arms, and I am angry at Zephyr for being a dickhead. Simple enough.
How can Ryder ‘Pretty Boy’ Harrison just swoop to my section of the cafeteria and pretend he finally sees me as an acceptable person to be with, spend time with, or be around? It doesn’t make sense to me, not when I explain it to myself, not when I think about it. And I don’t want it to happen, regardless of the outcome.
I am not his type.
And Zephyr. What the hell is his deal—pardon my French. If he’s truly upset with me, or angry, then why try and save me from Ryder? He doesn’t make sense. This entire situation doesn’t make any sense and I just want to go home and hide in my closet next to my old books, beneath my hanging clothes, surrounded by all the stuffed animals I’m too cool to have still.
After the last bell signals the end of the day, I am walking to my locker, quickly avoiding the glares of the people who still aren’t comfortable being around me. Lucky for me, I don’t hear anyone conspicuously cough freak as I pass—yeah, like I never heard that one before in my life. Maybe they’ve outgrown it by now. An unusually large form catches my eye as I near my locker. Ryder is waiting for me, planted against my locker, blocking me. Why the hell is he here? Can’t he just move on to some idiotic bimbo with Daddy issues by now? And, just for clarification, I am not an idiot bimbo. But I can’t pretend that I don’t see him and I can’t just turn around and walk away. I need my books for homework. He shuffles to the side, fixing his baseball cap—which, ironically, has a football logo on the front—as I twirl and turn my lock to open the metal door. He is patiently waiting for me to acknowledge his presence.
I won’t.
“Hey,” he finally says, understanding that I don’t want to talk to him or be near him. You know, I just don’t want to do anything with him, really. I can feel his eyes slowly glide over my body—like his eyes are undressing me—as if he’s selecting cattle to slaughter.
Um, ew.
“Hello,” I mutter, angrily twisting and turning the dial on my locker. It opens—I’m too aggressive, a byproduct of my anger, so the door slams against its neighbor, emitting a loud metal clang that echoes in the emptying hall—revealing a mountain of books hidden inside. Ryder peeks inside the small metal space, viewing the world I have created for myself here: books, a calendar with future tests and school appointments inked inside the boxes, no pictures, no magnets, no mirror. Pretty plain, pretty basic, pretty boring, but still me—still mine.
I am not the type for glitz and glamour, if you couldn’t tell.
Tugging the books from the shelf, his hands shoot out, reaching for the books in my grip. “Let me,” he offers kindly, but obviously showing off his muscles, as he piles the textbooks into his arms, nearly shoving me away from my own locker.
“I can manage,” I snap angrily, reaching to take my textbooks back. I have never let anyone do anything for me. The thought of someone thinking I am weak and incapable of doing basic tasks infuriates me. I understand the whole chivalry thing, but we are not dating and he doesn’t need to treat me as if I’m on a pedestal. I can manage on my own just nicely—I’ve been doing it for the past two years just fine, thank you very much.
He still doesn’t relent.
“I know you can.” He angles his body away so I can’t reach him and I can’t take back the books piling in his arms. “But I just want to help you out, okay?” Ryder seems sincere. It could be false. I’m not too trusting of people like him. I’ve been burned too many times to count. Still, after a few moments of argument inside my head, I let him hold my books just so he can feel what it’s like to take an AP class before I try to cram them into my backpack.
“What do you want, Ryder?” I ask once I zip close my bag, slinging my pack onto my back and slamming my locker shut to lean against it with my shoulder. He shakes his curly blonde locks from his blue eyes in that annoying way that makes girls swoon, faint, and gasp. 
Um, ew… again.
“To get to know you, Jo,” he says matter-of-factly, as if I am an idiot for wondering, for asking why he, of all people, is standing in front of me, blocking my escape, er, exit. His smile lights up his face, illuminating his blue eyes, which I’ll admit, are pretty perfect, but I will never let him know that. Not after what he just called me.
I could slap him for that. In fact, my hand twitches to do so.
Strike one against him: He called me Jo. Only Zephyr calls me that.
I hold up a finger. Not that finger. “First thing you should know,” I begin, my other hand gripping the strap to my bag. “It’s Joey.” I don’t add the Idiot but I strongly hope it’s implied.
“Sorry,” he says quietly, correcting himself. “Joey.” His lips wrap around my name, his tongue almost tasting the word as it leaves his mouth smoothly, even seductively. The look on his face, the glint in his eyes, would make me think he loved the taste and would want, and do anything, for seconds. Holy balls! That is never going to happen, dude. He smiles again, maybe thinking that his smile has some dreamy effect on me like it does on all the other girls in the school. It doesn’t. I’m not a mindless drone wandering around hoping that someday, I will attract the attention of the hottest guy in school. In this case, Ryder. God, someone gag me with a spork. “I was thinking I could take you out, get to know you over dinner, maybe?” His hand reaches out to play with the buckle on my backpack strap and I back up, moving out of his reach.
“Nope.” That is my final answer, dude. With that said, I start walking, heading toward the music hall to grab my violin from the storage room before making my way to the parking lot, leaving Ryder to watch me walk away. Just like lunch.
Only, he doesn’t watch me leave this time. Damn. He decides to get in on the action and chase me down like they do in the stupid movies. Those stupid movies I never watch.
“Joey, wait!” He calls after me, his voice getting closer with every syllable. Ryder must be running to catch up with me.
Damn it. I don’t like that, like, I’m not a fan in the slightest. I know a lot of girls who might like the thought of a guy chasing after them. I am not one of them.
I don’t. Wait, that is. I don’t wait for him, in fact, my speed increases.
Thankfully, the crowd of students in the front of courtyard is thick enough I can dodge him easily. I slide into the passenger seat of Jamie’s car, spotting Zephyr lounging in the backseat, and beg her to speed out of the parking lot. Her tires squeal on the asphalt as she literally stomps on the gas. Zephyr still doesn’t speak to me and I am stuck listening to Jamie ramble on about Marcus and their plans for their date later tonight. I love her, but there are other things on this planet to discuss other than Marcus Heatherton. The following morning, Zephyr doesn’t even stop by my house like normal. Jamie tells me he’s in the shower.
“He had a late start this morning,” Jamie explains as she drops two slices of bread into the toaster, her head practically in the clouds as she talks to me. Jamie doesn’t even notice when I roll my eyes. “He said he’ll be ready by the time we leave.”
Of course, he will.
Zephyr is still avoiding me. Well, as best he can when his sister drives us both to school. Late start, my ass. He needs to work on his ability to lie. Even if I can’t see him.
As she said, he is sitting in the car—the back seat again—when we leave for school. Zephyr doesn’t say much in the car, but he does smile at me when I look back at him. A little relieved, because it’s more than I’ve received from him since two nights ago, I return it, but that’s it. In class, we both take notes studiously, only focusing on the teacher’s discussion on the focus of the start of World War I and what he writes on the board rather than each other.
However, I think that he’ll actually talk to me today.
I am tempted to test this theory but I don’t want to start whispering to him, so I debate my next option: Hangman. Zephyr and I used to love playing hangman when we were kids—I still do—when it was raining outside—which was a lot back then—and his parents wouldn’t let us play in the collecting puddles for fear that we would track mud in the house or catch pneumonia. So we’d just sit and think up random words and phrases, starting games of hangman that would go for hours because his hangmen were elaborately drawn, even as a kid, and my words were too long, but correctly spelled.
I always won but his drawing of the hanging man were always too realistic, his parents made us stop playing after a while when they saw how descriptive the hangmen got. He got red markers in various shades, that is how detailed he got—the blood oozed.
Apparently, he has the same idea or he can read my mind. He might even be remembering the same moment because he slides over a sheet of paper with a pristinely drawn one-person gallows—with far too much detail. I am talking about the grain of the wood—and six groups of lines. As I start every game, I guess A followed by the remaining vowels, and that includes Y for me to cover all bases. He draws a head, E is wrong. My next guesses are R and S, he fills in six blanks and after a few minutes of speculation, I fill in the rest.
SORRY I AM SUCH AN ASS stares at me from the page.
I turn my gaze to him, ignoring the lecture at the front of the room, and shrug my shoulders, my way of telling him it is okay, even though it wasn’t at the time, before I go back to my notes. We still need to talk about it.
Class ends, the bell ringing loudly overhead, but Zephyr takes his time today, slowly placing everything in his backpack, unlike yesterday when he just carried everything to his next class to speed his escape.
“Wanna study for the quiz together tonight?” Zephyr asks. It is the first quiz of the class tomorrow, and I know Zephyr will need help. From a random glance or two, I can tell his notes aren’t as specific as mine.
Wait a minute, he isn’t just making up with me so he won’t fail the quiz tomorrow, is he? Hmmm…
Nope. I squash the idea before it can take root. Zephyr isn’t that big of an ass.
“Sure,” I tell him, remembering my appointment after school today. “I have something to do after school but I’ll text you when I get home,” I promise him. Then we’re off to our next classes.
Calculus goes by without incident, like normal, only I ace the random pop quiz about last night’s homework. I’m smart enough to do the homework. In gym, we play dodge ball. My team wins by collecting the entirety of the opposing team. Lucky me, I was on the same side as Zephyr and the rest of the athletes. In AP Chemistry, someone set a tabletop on fire. By lunch, the entire school knows who did it and will not stop pointing and laughing at Gerard Matthews when he passes in the hall. They mostly do it because his face turns an odd bright pink akin to a sunset in the summer.
Harley slides into the seat across from me—my seat yesterday—and rolls an apple my way. I thank her before taking a large bite, feeling the juice run down my chin. That is when Kennie shows up, taking the seat next to me. She smells like lavender, floral and heavenly, with a flip of her hair, the scent is drowned out by strawberry and vanilla, her shampoo. I’m still sniffing the air as I use the sleeve of my sweatshirt to wipe up the juice running down my chin.
She leans close to me, asking, “Is it true that Gerard Matthews set his table on fire in your chem class?” She is trying to soak up every bit of juicy gossip she can. Anything that she can share at cheer practice later in the afternoon will work just fine, whether it’s arson or some person accidentally ripping their pants while at their locker. It’s all the same to her.
I nod. My mouth is too full of apple to speak. I was raised not to speak with a full mouth.
“How funny was it?” Her thrice-pierced ears are eager for information and her mind is eager for a descriptive visual.
I think of the fire—the flames licking higher and higher toward the ceiling, the sight of Gerard Matthews and his chemistry partner, Lacey Gallagher, screaming and bolting for the door, Gerard shoving her to the side so he can seek the safety of the empty hall. We, as a class, watched the fire instantly devour their paperwork before someone, who paid attention to the safety demonstration not even two weeks ago, calmly grabbed the fire extinguisher from the back of the room, and put out the fire. They lost all their data from the past week and a half but gained a hilarious reputation, especially Gerard.
I still answer truthfully because honesty is the best policy.
“Hilarious.” No one was hurt, that’s the good thing. The fire was quickly extinguished, the school is still standing, and we’re all still alive. But watching Gerard run, scream, and manhandle his way through the door was a sight I’ll never forget. I wonder if anyone got that on video, and if so, will said person upload it to YouTube? I make a mental note to check that later.
We spend the rest of lunch laughing, actual gut-clutching laughter, laughing so hard that we cry, like we used to do. Kennie relayed a story about last night’s cheer practice when the entire squad, not steady on their hands, collapsed on top of Alexia Cavanaugh. Someone, as in Kennie, took a video showing Alexia’s dyed-blonde head bouncing up and down as she screamed and demanded for someone to help her up. That kept us laughing long after the bell rang, leaving all three of us late for our respective classes. Before long, classes were over and I was home digging the keys from the bowl and driving to Dr. Jett’s office for our session.
Six
Dr. Jett, in her stone gray designer pantsuit—that isn’t all that flattering on her unusually tiny frame—is waiting for me when I enter the lobby. That’s new, I think to myself, biting my tongue so the words don’t escape my closed lips. She walks with me, more like following behind me, to her beige office at the end of the hall and we take our usual seats once she flips the In Session tag and closes the door.
“Nice to see you, Joey,” she begins, grabbing the legal pad from the table separating us. The first page I see is blank except for the date written in the top left corner. Moving the notepad reveals the tape recorder with the green light on. We are officially recording. “How are you doing today?” she asks. There’s no hint of kindness in her voice. She’s in business mode. I remember the brief time when she said everything with kindness.
Dr. Jett should know how I’m doing. Or she should at least have the faintest idea—the smallest of guesses, maybe. I last saw her on Monday, three short days ago. This is my first twice-a-week since I was around nine years old. That was when I started showing signs of good improvement with my situation. I still never spoke about it but I did sleep through the night back then.
“You know I have nightmares,” I state. I don’t even trying to hide the obvious, stating the fact that we’ve exhausted time and time again throughout our sessions.
My nightmares.
When the nightmares started, at least as far back as I can remember, I was eight and new to Washington. That is really all I can remember. My aunt had started taking more classes that scheduled at random times during the day or night so she could complete her degree in a shorter amount of time, she started letting me stay over with the Kalivas’ family nightly. The nightmares weren’t too bad in the beginning, I wasn’t thrashing around or kicking the covers from the bed, but they were scary enough to leave me wondering what was going on inside my head. I thought there was something about me well hidden, something about my mind I just couldn’t handle, and that was the reasons the nightmares started. I never remembered one. Not even the tiniest blip.
Throughout the years, they just got worse and worse.
It got to the point where I couldn’t stay with Jamie anymore. I was too scared I would wake her up one night with my screaming. I started staying up later and later, sometimes falling asleep in class until a teacher finally called my aunt to tell her about my daily naps throughout history lessons.
When Dr. Jett realized how poorly I was sleeping, she signed me up for a sleep study. I had to stay a few nights—I can’t remember how many—in a sleep clinic in Seattle with electrodes stuck to my head. It was hard to fall asleep when I knew someone was watching me. It was even harder to stay asleep with all the equipment beep, beep, beeping throughout the night.
When I finally fell asleep, the results were inconclusive. Like I knew what that meant at such a young age. I still don’t, not in the psychological sense, but I didn’t have nightmares for a while. It was as if I was cured of something. But they started up again little over a year later. They started slowly, and just like in the beginning, I wasn’t screaming and thrashing through the night, I didn’t wake up covered in sweat missing the blankets from my bed because they were piled in a heap on the floor. I didn’t feel like I was drowning. No, all that started up around six months ago.
Six long months of trying to stay awake through the night, finding any reason for a shot of espresso, a Monster energy drink, I even tried 5 Hour Energy to see if that would keep me awake through the night.
It didn’t.
None of it worked.
Everything just seemed to get worse, and I don’t know what changed, what made everything get… worse.
“Yes, nightmares you can’t remember,” she continues with a slight nod of her head in understanding. I doubt that she understands any of what this actually means. For me, for my life. She doesn’t get that at all.
My hands, almost by their own will, wring and wrench together in my lap, clasping and unclasping, my fingers threading and unthreading together, as I endlessly fidget. I am not sure how to begin, how to let her into my nightly terror, but I have to say something to make this meeting—this session—worth it. I mean, I called her—scared, terrified—practically begging to see her. But how do I start?
Well, like any other story, might as well start from the beginning…
“They started so long ago,” I begin slowly, feeling the rush of the memory take over, that first night flashes briefly in my mind, filled with fear and anxiety, “I just thought they were a part of life. A milestone for everyone to overcome, that whole Pass Go, Collect Two Hundred Dollars thing.” Dr. Jett, like usual, starts her notes, but hesitantly, taking occasional glances at me. From her eyes, her usually steely gaze, I can tell she’s in disbelief, as I am, because I’ve never been this open during our sessions. It’s not a joke. “After a while, I knew it was wrong, I knew that something was wrong with me. People would tell me about their dreams, delving into vivid descriptions, leaving me with something beautiful from them. And I began to think that something was wrong with me.” I bark a little laugh. “What wouldn’t be wrong with an attempted murder victim?” I mutter quietly with a shrug off my shoulders.
My hand reaches, searching for the platinum chain around my neck, clutching the locket in my hand until my palm goes numb from the pressure. I take a deep breath, pausing to gather my scattered thoughts, collect my words, and remember the days when the sensations conquered.
“There is nothing wrong with you, Joey.” She repeats the familiar mantra, something I’ve heard time and time again from her, my aunt, Zephyr, all my friends. But how can they know, how can they, or anyone, understand what is in my head? “You suffered a traumatic event at the hands of someone that was supposed to protect you, not hurt you.”
“I know that,” I practically shout, my voice turning shrill. I already know I should have grown up playing hide-and-seek with my siblings rather than praying to them every night. “Don’t you think I know that? Don’t you think I’ve come to that understanding in my own mind?” I’ve never been aggressive during my sessions. I rarely talk, but for some reason, that just lit a fire beneath me. Of course, her Pilot pen moves frantically, still bouncing gracefully, along and across the page. “Poor little Joey, someone tried to kill her. Poor little Joey, her mother’s dead. Poor little Joey. Poor little Joey! I’m tired of being Poor little Joey.” I stop before I can continue on my rant, mentally trying to compose myself before I lose what little temper I have left. “I used to think that dreams were supposed to be untainted and pure and good, a world within which you could escape, but that’s not what I got, that isn’t the hand I was dealt.”
“What do you mean?” Dr. Jett stalls, lifting her head to connect her cadet blue eyes, warm with flecks of gold and honey throughout, with mine.
“I don’t remember that night,” I quietly state honestly, the fact shared between us. As much as I remember about our sessions together, I never just bring it up. I choose to leave it in the past where it should remain. “I don’t remember anything before that night.” That, she also knows. “I’ve never remembered a dream—or nightmare, whatever—I’ve only remembered the feelings. The feeling of fear and the feeling of drowning, of suffocating in this dark place I can’t even see.”
That leaves us in silence when I can’t bring myself to continue, when I leave off and let my mind wander through the bits and pieces I can remember. One of the first early sessions when I couldn’t speak and Dr. Jett would just stare at me, tapping her pen against her legal pad. The first night of nightmares when I woke up sweating and crying. They run like water through my mind, flowing through moment after moment, memory after memory.
The air around us quickly grows heavy as we descend into a thick silence.
“Why are we here today, Joey?” the doctor asks, disrupting the silence, filling it with sound. “Why schedule this time with me?”
My eyes peer up through my lashes, above the frames of my glasses, seeking out her gaze from across the room. I grip my locket tighter.
“Because,” I pause to take a breath before I say, “I finally remembered one. A dream. Or nightmare, night terror, whatever the correct term is.” I close my eyes, suddenly feeling the need to cry, and I am right back there. I see the man with the bloody knife standing before me, his body large, tall, and looming over me as I cower on the floor, unable to move. I remember the name Josie; remember how he called me Josie.
Before I can stop myself, I spill the entire tale, everything I saw and remember from my nightmare. Although, it’s a short story, I omit how I woke up, how Zephyr could hear me screaming in his room in his house. I don’t want to hear what she’ll have to say about that. Omission never hurt before.
“What do you think Josie means?” she asks once I finish. I didn’t know that was the main focus of the tale. I raise an eyebrow but she smiles as if we might be on to something, like Josie holds whatever information I need, like it’s the key I need to unlock my secrets.
“Well, I was hoping that you could tell me,” I answer, crossing my arms along my chest, feeling exposed and vulnerable, common and unwanted feelings in this room. I also feel a wave of anger wash over me, another feeling not uncommon in this room.
“You know that isn’t how this works, Joey,” she explains, clicking her pen twice as she stares at me.
“I don’t know, then,” I answer in exasperation. My eyes travel to the window and the world outside, watching the puffy clouds glide along the bright blue sky overhead. The nice weather is a shock these days when it should be raining and chilly, when we should be waking up with frosted windows. “I’ve thought of Josie and the Pussycats,” I joke, pathetically, “but that’s it. The seventies cartoon,” I hastily add, “not the movie with Tara Reid. That was just awkward and weird.”
“Give it some more thought,” Dr. Jett requests. “Maybe you’ll think of something. Maybe you’ll remember something.” She smirks to me, expecting me to figure it out.
That’s it? I almost blurt that out, yelling it to the psychiatrist sitting across from me flaunting her wealth in designer clothes but not her brains with helping me figure this out. That is all the advice she’s going to give me. I’ve been to hell and back and she just wants me to think about it. Maybe I’ll come to some miraculous conclusion, encounter my own Aha! moment, maybe I’ll remember something helpful? Hopefully, I feebly say to myself, she is right.
“You have more faith in me.” I tell her, deadpan, as our session ends, just before I’m walking out the door to the car to speed home.
I walk through the front door, nearly hitting my aunt in the face as she stands behind it, slipping into her thick, black coat. Hilary looks at me suspiciously, briefly, before attempting to button her peacoat. “How was your appointment?” she asks as she pulls her hair from the collar.
“Okay,” I answer vaguely, handing over the keys to the SUV.
“Really?” she asks skeptically, eyeing me as I pass her, heading into the living room. I can see the worry, the doubt, in her eyes. “You see her monthly, Joey,” she begins, trying to understand. “What’s up, honey?” She grabs her bags and dangles them from her arm as she studies me closely while I turn away from her.
“Nothing,” I lie, avoiding her eyes. I want to hope she’ll let it go, move on, and head to work, but part of me wants her to sit down with me so I can unleash what is in my head. Once I do that, once she knows the demons inside my brain, she’ll cut back on her hours at the hospital because all she’ll do while she’s away is worry about me, and I can’t do that to her. She loves her job, so I lie a little more, “I promise.”
What’s another little white lie?
Her eyes narrow slightly; she leans forward a bit because she knows I’m lying.
“All right,” Hilary murmurs, letting me keep my demons, letting me keep the monsters hidden beneath the bed a little bit longer. She absentmindedly pulls her orange hair from the collar of her jacket again, her eyes still nervously glancing to me.
It isn’t too long before I am alone in the house and Hilary is in the car driving to Seattle. It isn’t too long before I text Zephyr telling him to head over, and it’s certainly not too long before we are surrounded by notes, open textbooks, empty soda cans, and large amounts of candy and junk food while trying to study for tomorrow’s quiz.
Seven
“I hate history,” Zephyr growls an hour into our study session. His pen repeatedly pokes the page in the same spot, making an annoying rhythm against the hardwood of the table beneath. I wonder what he is thinking as he does that. Maybe he’s picturing Mr. Cheney’s head, metaphorically stabbing the teacher over and over. Thank God he doesn’t believe in voodoo dolls, or better yet, has no idea how they work. Not that I do or anything.
I push all thoughts of murder from my mind—or all thoughts of magistricide from my mind before I reply.
“No you don’t,” I respond, looking over my notes for the day Mr. Cheney discussed Franz Ferdinand—not the band, but that was setting the scene, lightly playing from the portable speakers attached to my iPod next to a tipped over can of Cherry Pepsi—Thankfully, it was empty before it tipped to its side.
Zephyr is just over exaggerating, like usual. I have grown used to this over the years.
“I think I do, Jo.” Zephyr throws his pen on top of his notes before linking his hands together behind his neck, leaning back in the creaky, wooden dining room chair Hilary got from my grandparents when we moved here, the ones she keeps saying she is going to cover with new padding but ultimately blows off when something else comes along.
The downside to AP European History is the teacher: Mr. Cheney. He designs quizzes like the other classes design final exams. He designs regular tests like collage exams. At least the quizzes don’t ask for essay questions. While I would do very well on those—I’m used to Cheney’s tests, I’ve had him as a history teacher for the past two years, and I’m confident—or cocky, take your pick—in my abilities—Zephyr would probably start hyperventilating at the sight of the first question. “Why the hell must we know all this?” He doesn’t bother to censor himself when we’re alone in the house.
“‘Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it,’” I quote, still staring at my notes. The pages I am looking at have green ink covering them. I look up to Zephyr’s confused expression. “George Santayana,” I explain, stating the source.
“When did you become a talking bottle of Snapple?” he asks, rolling his eyes in annoyance. “Never mind, don’t answer that, but for the sake of argument, is that supposed to mean something to me?” he asks indifferently, his face expressionless as his eyes bore into mine.
I snort loudly. “It should mean everything to you, Mr. I’m-Greek-and-Proud.”
“Only half Greek,” he rebuts half-heartedly.
I drop my hand onto the page before me in exasperation. “Would you like me to start rehashing every piece of Irish history I know off the top of my head?” I ask a little too aggressively. I am a little annoyed he wouldn’t show more interest in learning about the past, about how this country went to war. “I know a lot, dude,” I continue, remembering the report I did last year about Ireland and Irish immigration to the United States.
I got an A.
“Not really,” he answers, standing up. “I am grabbing another drink—”
“Code for raiding my fridge.” My eyes fall back to the page in front of me.
“—want me to grab you something?” Zephyr finishes as if I didn’t interrupt him. If I were looking, I know I’d see him shooting me a pointed glare. That’s the beauty of our friendship.
“Another Mountain Dew, please?” I ask sweetly, facetiously batting my eyes for him, as my phone rings, singing Black Sheep by Gin Wigmore in the center of the table beneath my textbook. I check the number on the screen. I don’t recognize it but the 425 lets me know it’s local. “I don’t recognize the number,” I mutter absentmindedly to myself.
“Then don’t answer it,” Zephyr says to me with his focus on the contents of the refrigerator. I expect to see him carrying as much food as he can hold in a moment.
I don’t listen to him, thinking it could be something important, I answer with a polite, “Hello?” as I absentmindedly tap my pen against the notebook in front of me.
“Joey?” the voice on the other line asks. It sounds vaguely familiar. It’s a dude, but I can’t place it—or him, I should say.
“This is her,” I reply, hearing my voice ascend an octave, the way it normally does when I speak into my phone.
“Ah, I didn’t think you’d answer.”
Didn’t think I would answer? Why wouldn’t I answer my own phone?
Wait a minute… crap!
“Ryder?” Surprise fills my tone. I drop my pen, nearly dropping the phone by accident. “Now I really wish I hadn’t answered my phone,” I whisper, trying to be sarcastic but meaning every word.
“Harrison?” Zephyr asks loudly, letting the door to the fridge close behind him. He is holding two cans of Mountain Dew in one hand as he makes his way over to me, setting one in front of me before taking his seat at the chair across from mine.
I nod to him.
“Yeah, I got your number from Kennie after school today,” he explains, the smugness obvious in his voice. I can hear the underlying, ‘You’ve been waiting for my call, just admit it,’ but I don’t call him out on it. “I hope you don’t mind.”
“I do mind, actually.” How could Kennie, one of my best friends, give out my number without telling me? I would need the warning! I would need to give her permission, damn it. Now I have a reason to lose my temper tomorrow.
“What does he want?” Zephyr asks louder, trying to get my attention, trying to be heard.
I shush him, waving my arm frantically to keep him quiet. I am not above hitting him. “What do you want, Ryder?” I’m beginning to sound like a broken record with this dude.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Ryder asks. Through the phone, he sounds amused. I can hear his cocky, crooked grin. I think he’s enjoying this a little too much.
Hell, no. “Not even in the slightest.” Idiot. I want to tell him I’m not a mind reader. And even if I were, his would not be a mind I’d want to read.
“A date.”
I snort in derision. Very ladylike, I might add.
He can’t be serious.
“What is it?” Zephyr practically growls through clenched teeth. Why is he so angry all of a sudden?
“Shut it, would ya,” I snap at Zephyr, shooting a glare his way. “You’re not serious?”
“I am,” Ryder replies.
“You can’t be?” The more I argue with him, the more it’ll become true.
“Like a heart attack,” answers Ryder in a voice that sounds serious but I can’t see him. I don’t know what he looks like; I don’t know what he is thinking. Again, I am not a mind reader.
“Well, I’m sorry to waste your time, Ryder,” I begin, looking over to a seething Zephyr who can’t feign indifference to save his life. “But there’s no way I’m agreeing to that.”
“Doing what?” Zephyr asks annoyingly loud, definitely trying to be heard on Ryder’s end.
I reach my arm out to smack him in the back of the head but he backs away. My arm just swings through the air fruitlessly, slicing through strands of his hair.
“Why not?” asks Ryder on the other line. He sounds hurt, genuinely. I still don’t feel bad about it. There are many things I’d rather do than date him. Most of them are quite painful but more enjoyable than an evening spent with Ryder.
Let’s just be honest here. Honesty is always good. “Because I don’t really like you,” I answer. “Not as a person. Not as a romantic interest. Not if you were made out of money and sneezed gold coins.”
“Ouch,” Ryder exclaims loudly. I can still hear the chuckling when he calms down. He isn’t hurt too bad. “You don’t even know me, honey.”
Honey?
“You don’t even know me,” I retort acerbically. “And don’t call me honey.”
“Sorry, I promise I will only call you by your name—”
“That is all I ask,” I mutter, cutting him off before he can finish.
“And I’m trying to get to know you, Joey,” he tells me, mockingly. I roll my eyes, stifling the urge to hang up. “Can’t you tell by now? The fact that I don’t know anything about you, well, that’s something I’m trying to change.” He’s begging—his voice dripping with desperation—which is funny. I snicker.
Sweet baby Jesus, seriously?
Be still my heart.
“There really is nothing you can do to remedy that—”
“What’s going on, Jo?” Zephyr annoyingly whines like a five year old whose been denied a cookie for dinner. I roll my eyes for the umpteenth friggin’ time this evening.
“—so I suggest you stop.” I shoot Zephyr an angry glance. “I’m hanging up now.” Before he can object, I click the red dot on my screen, turn my phone to silent, and drop it among the clutter, letting it get lost beneath the papers. I should just block his number but that means that I would have to add his number to my contact list and it doesn’t stop him from texting or leaving voicemail messages.
Ugh!
With a sigh, I turn my attention back to my notes, trying to push that conversation from my mind. Though, I know Zephyr isn’t going to let this go. No matter how much I hope he will.
“Are you going to answer me?” Zephyr asks. His arms folded defiantly across his broad chest as he stares me down from his side of the table.
“About Franz Ferdinand or Austria-Hungary in general?” I reply, avoiding the obvious. In my hand, I hold up a sheet from my notes. He doesn’t look amused.
I didn’t think he would.
“You know what I mean. Harrison.” Zephyr leans forward, resting his forearms on the table, staring me intently in the eyes. His eyes burn into mine, his usually dark brown eyes growing darker as he examines me. “What did he want?”
I roll my eyes openly in front of him when he doesn’t back away. “I don’t know,” I mumble angrily. That isn’t really true. So I say, “A date.” I shrug and look back to my notes as if I’m not affected by it. I don’t want to be affected by it. I want to move on. But I know this isn’t over. Far from it.
“Why?”
And there’s the dreaded follow up question.
Can he not just let it go?
I turn my gaze to him, deadpan. “Because some people in this world, believe it or not, think I’m attractive, Zephyr.” That seems to shock him, throwing him back a bit.
He nervously runs his hands through his hair. “I didn’t say you’re not attractive, Joey, it’s just…” Zephyr leans further away, shielding his eyes. Did he just blush? He pauses, trying to chose his words carefully—knowing I’ll throw something at him if they’re the wrong choice—“he dates the Alexia type. That shallow, vapid, self-absorbed cheerleader with access to an AmEx and a Beamer.”
Need I remind Zephyr, my good buddy, that he also dates the Alexia type? Or just the Alexia. For two years.
“Where are you going with this, Zeph?” I pop the tab on my Mountain Dew, surprised he didn’t shake it when I wasn’t looking, causing the yellow liquid to geyser me in the face, and take a long drink from the cool can. It fizzles and tickles down my throat, bubbling as it glides toward its destination.
“Girls with no depth, with no sense of what they want or who they are,” he starts, trying to paint a picture of the girls I’ve been forced to see daily for the past eight or so years. I could smack him, I know those girls very well. “Harrison chooses them, not because they’re painted to simulate beauty, but because they’re easy.” Tell me something I don’t know, Sherlock. “He doesn’t need tricks to get them into his bed.” Zephyr glances toward my phone; the little green light flashes in the upper right corner, alerting me to a text message. “He’s up to something; Harrison never chooses girls who can think for themselves.”
“Thanks?” I draw out, muttering in question, not entirely sure if he is complimenting me because I’m my own person with a working brain or warning me from Ryder in general. I think the former. I reach for my HTC blinking at me, turning on the screen.

Unknown Number: Please!!! Just one date?

Must be Ryder. Damn it.

Me: No!
Unknown Number: I won’t stop trying.

And, damn, the boy meant it. The next day at lunch, with Harley at home with food poisoning—swearing loudly, mostly in caps, never to touch another piece of sushi again. She has been sending me very descriptive texts on the hour, every hour, and now I think I’ll never go near sushi again myself. It is just Kennie and me at our usual table. She is wearing her uniform, midriff bearing and showcasing her long, tanned legs. I nearly scream at her—nearly because I try my hardest to keep my voice low—about giving my number to Ryder and she tells me that she did no such thing.
“Kennie, just be honest with me,” I tell her in the hall as we walk toward the cafeteria.
She looks me directly in the eyes, stopping me where I stand, and tells me, “I would never, ever give out your number without your permission, Joey.”
I can’t argue with that and I believe her.
Then how did he get my number?
And why would he tell me Kennie gave it to him?
Both very good questions.
For the rest of lunch, I use my tutor skills to help Kennie with her Algebra II homework. She’s struggling with the quadratic equation; it’s easy for me. I remember the stupid song we learned in eighth grade math. X equals negative b, plus or minus the square root… sang to the tune of Pop Goes the Weasel.
Somewhere in the large room, music starts to play over the loudspeaker, and the voices quiet as people seek out the source. I recognize the song immediately, Snow Patrol’s Just Say Yes. It’s a good song but why in the world is it playing during lunch?
“Isn’t it a bit early for people to start asking others to Homecoming?” Kennie asks me, her eyes searching the crowd for the lucky, unsuspecting girl or guy.
“Shouldn’t I be asking you that, Miss Spirit Squad?” I reply, tapping my pen on the tabletop, hearing the click, click, clicking of plastic on plastic. “Just ignore it. Let’s finish this problem.”
We turn our attention back to her homework right when the singing starts.
Okay, so singing is too nice of a word for what we are hearing. The voice is loud and off key, scratchy and high pitched. It’s a cross between someone strangling a cat and sending a chipmunk through a wood chipper.
What is worse, I still recognize the horrible, horrible voice. I spoke to it on the phone last night.
Is this what he meant when he said that he wouldn’t stop trying?
Oh, sweet Jesus!
Ryder Harrison steps from the ASB office holding a single red rose. Surrounding him are other senior football players—all wearing their jerseys since it’s game day—all of them holding two roses of various colors alternating from yellow to pink to white, but he is the only one holding red. They line up to hand the flowers to me, my hands growing heavier from the weight of the flowers. There are at least twenty dudes handing them to me.
As nice and awkward as this gesture is, I don’t like roses. I think they’re cliché and overrated.
Ryder walks up to me, the de facto leader of the group, finishing the last line of the first verse, handing me the rose. He then holds out his now-free hand to me, the lyrics of the song asking me to take it. “..and take my hand. Please take my hand.”
I can see Zephyr at his table on the other side of the cafeteria, wearing his own varsity jersey, standing up as he watches what is happening to me. With his arms folded across his chest, his muscles peek out from beneath the sleeves. His face doesn’t hold a happy expression. He looks pissed—enraged even.
As am I.
I look to other people in the cafeteria. Jamie is seated one table away from Zephyr’s with Marcus’ arm around her shoulders, as she smiles widely at me, giving me a thumbs up. Her friends all smile sweetly, they probably think I’m the luckiest girl in the room because someone—Ryder, of all people—is serenading me in front of the entire school. Or the entirety of fifth period lunch. Blech. Other girls, apparently thinking this is beautiful and romantic, swoon as Ryder butchers—I mean sings to me. The girls who don’t like me scowl, maybe wishing Ryder would give this type of attention to them.
They can have it.
A few people can see this for what it is: embarrassing. These people, my favorite of the bunch, are laughing as hard as I would if this were happening to someone else.
But it isn’t. It’s happening to me. Right here. Right now. In front of witnesses with camera phones and YouTube apps on those phones.
Crap, I’ll be a viral hit by dinner.
Thank you, Ryder. I really appreciate this.
I want to tackle Ryder to the ground. I want to tackle him so hard; his grandchildren’s grandchildren will feel it and know never to do this sort of thing to anyone. Ever. Instead, I snatch the microphone from his hands, instantly clicking it off—he should never sing again. Not even to his showerhead—and after slamming the microphone onto the lunch table directly in front of Kennie with enough force I hear the tiny appliance crack, I drag Ryder through the back doors and into the quad by the sleeve of his jersey.
“What the hell is wrong with you, dude?” I yell, alerting the attention of everyone in the quad to us. Most of the surrounding people are stoners so they immediately, and thankfully, dismiss the outburst. “Are there a few wires in that thick head of yours touching that shouldn’t be?”
“I told you last night that I wouldn’t stop trying.” He smirks at me, winking. That’s just disgusting. “I can keep this serenade thing going, you know, Joey. I have it all planned out.” He lifts up his hand to start listing things off. “On Monday, I was thinking Carly Rae Jepsen, then on Tuesday, some Justin Bieber—because everyone loves the Biebs—and on Wednesday I’d sing some Taylor Swift. On Thursday, I was thinking that new Selena Gomez song, it’s perfect for our situation, but Friday—”
“STOP!” I yell. My hands lift up, ready to strangle him if he doesn’t stop talking. This is something I really, really need to think about. Now, he’s basically admitting to wanting to torture me with music—which is not a good thing—if I refuse him. If I do agree to the date, it’s only one night, a few hours of my life. Maybe I should just agree even if I really don’t want to. What’s the harm, really? “I will go out with you,” I relent quietly; admitting defeat, damn it.
“Seriously?” Ryder’s eyes widen. He looks shocked. He looks like he didn’t expect me to cave so quickly.
“Yes, if it means that I never, ever, have to hear you sing again.” I heave out a loud, rough, exaggerated sigh. “I will. One date.” The sound of his shrill squealing is on constant repeat in my brain. “No one should hear you sing. Ever again.”
“That bad, huh?” Seething, knowing I’ve just been tricked into a date, well, practically tricked. More like manhandled into a date with Ryder, I shoot him a look filled with metaphorical daggers that should answer his question. “I guess we won’t hit up a karaoke joint, then.”
Eight
Ryder wanted our first date—and only date, I quickly added before he thought this was anything more than a onetime occurrence—to start directly after the football game Friday night. I had to nip that thought in the bud. If he actually thought I was the kind of girl to attend football games and root for my school with one of these overgrown pom poms, he doesn’t know me at all—which, in all honesty, he has already admitted he doesn’t know me at all. Go figure. So our date is on Saturday—which is tonight. I’m not excited about it but I don’t want to live through a poorly executed episode of Glee, so it’s better I agree to a date now to save myself further embarrassment in the future.
Now, I am standing in my room clad in a towel after a long, hot, relaxing shower, trying to find something date appropriate to wear. I don’t really know what to wear on a date. I’ve never been on one before. I would call Kennie but she’s cheering at a boy’s soccer away game before she heads to some stupid cheer party. I would call Harley but she’s still an infected human geyser. She also doesn’t really approve of this choice. Something I later learned through angry texts in all caps yesterday when I told her I agreed to a date with Ryder after he threatened to sing to me again and again and again and… 
Well, you get it.
That leaves only one real option.
Why didn’t I think of her sooner?
“ZEPHYR!” I scream out my window, leaning on my arms until my head pokes over the empty alley divides our houses. I look down and see his family’s canoes leaning against the side of his house. On our side are our trashcans and recycling bins full to the brim—we forget about trash day. A lot. I can hear metal music playing from the ancient stereo he’s had set up in the corner in his room since we were nine, you know, back when they were still a big thing. It was his Christmas gift from his grandparents, a hand-me-down. He loves the thing and uses it religiously rather than conforming and buying an iHome like the rest of civilization. Mine iHome is pink and sits on my nightstand mostly charging my iPod than playing any music.
He wanders to the window lazily, his long hair tied back, away from his face. A few locks fall free, framing his face when he hasn’t tried to tuck them behind his ears. There is a splotch of yellow paint beneath his left eye, a smudge of green paint on his forehead, and a splatter of blue paint on his white t-shirt.
“Yeah?” he asks, cleaning his hands on an old towel covered in various colors. It’s been so long since I’ve seen him paint. It’s a refreshing sight. When he was younger and decided he liked art, I would sit in his room as he discovered his technique, trying style after style. Watching him was wonderful. Sometimes I would sit as his model. Fully clothed. Although he did try to convince me to take off my shirt once. That was the summer I started wearing a bra. He obviously noticed.
It’s been even longer since I’ve seen any of his pieces except for the one hanging on my wall. It was his attempt at a self portrait—it was a great attempt. It looks just like him. But he hated it. So I stole it when he wasn’t looking and I refused to give it back. I still do when he begs me for it.
“Is Jamie home?” I call over the alley. She’s the only person I can think of to help me with this problem in such short notice. I’m not sure what I’ll do if she isn’t home. There’s my aunt but I’d feel a little weird asking her about this. Hey, do you have any idea what I can wear that’s both sexy and modest?
Not that I want to look sexy for Ryder.
“Yeah, want me to send her over?” He slings the towel over his left shoulder before he crosses his arms along his chest. Zephyr leans forward.
“Please?” I beg sweetly.
“Not a problem,” he says to me, briefly chuckling, as he turns to yell, “JAMIE, GET YOUR ASS OVER TO JOEY’S.”
I snort loudly, using my hand to cover my mouth
“Thanks,” I call to him, watching him walk away from the window, maybe to check out his painting from a different angle.
“Anything for you, my dear,” he replies, distractedly.
Fifteen minutes later, Jamie stands in front of my open closet, staring at my clothes, trying to put something together in her mind, anything that could possibly look good together and look great on me. From the look on her face—mostly boredom, I swear she yawned!—I can tell she is neither satisfied nor impressed.
I wouldn’t be, either. I know what’s in there. Nothing but band t-shirts, worn jeans, and several pairs of Converse All Stars.
“This is all you have?” she asks, her hand fiddling with the end of her side braid. I can see she’s trying not to bite her nails, a nervous habit she’s had since she was a kid. Something I gained from hanging around with her a lot. Her mother used to scold her for doing it. Jamie tried to stop until she started getting French manicures—she couldn’t bite those off.
“All I have,” I answer her. She hasn’t even seen my dresser. It’s more barren than my closet if that’s to be believed.
Her eyes trail to me, looking me up and down, nibbling her thumbnail lightly as she decides something in her mind.
“What size are you?” she asks, curiously. Should I answer? Isn’t it against girl code or something? “I mean, you’re small, definitely smaller than me,” she clarifies quickly referencing my tinier-than-normal body. “But I still might have something that could fit you.” Quickly, she sucks her lower lip into her mouth, lightly nibbling on it in exchange for her nails. “Come on,” she tells me, briefly looking into my closet one more time. “And bring those boots.” She pointed to a pair of black slouchy boots Hilary gave me for my birthday last year, the ones I haven’t yet worn.
I grab them and follow her across our joined yards into her house. It’s two stories, just like mine. The layout is the same, only flipped. The interiors are mirror images of each other. And while their house is blue with white trim, mine is white with a blue trim and some funky rock sculpture glued beneath the large front windows.
Inside Jamie’s bright yellow room—her favorite color when she was twelve, she hates it now and vows to change it when she can—she throws a black skirt at me. The fabric slides from my hands, the skirt falling in a heap onto her carpeted floor. It is soft and smooth, too cute for me, though. It is the exact thing I can picture Jamie wearing. It’s small enough that it’d be tight and show off her curves, perfectly flaunting her—ahem—assets.
“Try that on,” she demands, her eyes narrowing as she contemplates. “It’s too small on me, I never wear it.”
I slip it on, noticing how high waisted it is. I angle my body so she can’t see my stomach as I tug the skirt up. Jamie has never seen my scars. Neither has Zephyr. They don’t even know about them. I don’t want Jamie to see them now.
She stares at me—clicking her tongue and tapping her fingers on her desk—as she decides what to pair with it. Rummaging through her dresser, the second from the top, she produces a pale, grayish-teal-colored top. I pull it over my head, thankful I wore a camisole today, and work to tuck it into the skirt as she instructs me to do.
“I like it,” I tell her quietly, amazed at how she can dress me easier than I can dress myself. I smooth my hands over the fabric, wincing at how tight it is against my body, but I still look good. Great even. I look different. I feel different.
“Me too,” she murmurs, still staring at me like a work in progress. “But it’s still missing… something.” Her brown eyes widen and light up—all she needs is that little light bulb above her head. She turns and starts searching the top left drawer of her dresser, pulling out a pair of lace thigh high tights. My face falls as she hands them to me. “These aren’t as slutty as your thinking.” She knows me well. I pull them up my legs and then slip on my boots. They feel new. Makes sense, I’ve never worn them before. “Perfect!” she tells me, excitedly. “You look ready for an evening of anything.”
I laugh.
“This isn’t too much, is it?” I ask, a little uncertain. I check my reflection in the mirror on her vanity. Turning every which way, spotting different parts of me I’ve never noticed before. I have an ass—where did that thing come from? And my chest doesn’t look too bad either.
“Not at all,” Jamie assures me before continuing with, “and any jewelry should work.” Her hands reach up to my hair, pulling a curl and watching it fall into place. “Now, how were you planning to wear your hair?” she asks with an eager interest that scares me.
“Wear my hair?” She makes it sound like I can remove my scalp and trade it for a different version—maybe the newer model. Hair 2.0?
“Zephyr!” Jamie calls twenty minutes later, after she has tamed my unruly curls so they fall down my back in a wave rather than frizz. Whatever anti-frizz serum she used on my head I really need to invest in because my hair has never been this soft or never has it ever moved so effortlessly before. I thread my fingers through it, feeling the curls glide along my skin. My hair feels like silk. “Come and see the final product!”
Jamie is oddly too excited about this.
“Jamie, what are you yapping—” he stops that sentence when he sees me standing in his sister’s room, his brown eyes widening and his mouth dropping. He has never seen me like this. No one has ever seen me like this, like… feminine. It is a bit weird but I kind of like it. Distracted, he pulls his hands through the strands of hair that fell out of his hair tie, whatever remaining paint on his hands now streaks his hair in a dull rainbow. “Wow, Jo.”
I think I just made my best friend speechless.
“I know, right?” Jamie declares excitedly behind me.
“What is it?” I ask, self-consciously. The need to flee overwhelms me but Zephyr is blocking the door, blocking my only escape. “Do I look weird? Do I look bad?” My hands instinctively smooth out the fabric again. “Should I change?”
I may not like Ryder—I damn near loathe the kid—but I don’t want to look horrible. I want to look beautiful, breathtaking even. This is my first date after all—I want it to be memorable and fun. Okay, what I really want is for someone, which would be Ryder in this case, to become speechless at the sight of me.
“Uh—gah—no,” Zephyr sputters out. Or maybe someone else. “You should only wear that for the rest of your life.”
“This girl thinks she looks bad,” Jamie chimes in from behind me, clamping her hand on my shoulder.
“No. The complete opposite, Jo,” Zephyr starts as he leans against the doorframe, his eyes grazing me up and down as if he’s seeing me for the first time. I can understand that. I feel like I’m seeing myself for the first time, too. “You look great. Really.”
But not beautiful? That’s the word I really want to hear.
“Okay, then.” I nervously tuck my hair behind my ear, still captivated by the feeling. It makes me smile. “Thanks, Jamie.” I turn to give her the biggest smile I can muster, and shockingly enough, it isn’t fake. It’s wide and toothy and makes my cheeks hurt. Again, if I was a hugger, this would be a good moment to hug her, perfect even.
“Not a problem,” she waves my thanks away with her hand. “You have to promise to call me tomorrow and tell me how it went, okay?”
“I will.” Maybe.
I walk past Zephyr, watching his eyes follow me as I slide by him. I make it to the stairs, hearing him keeping up behind me, keeping close on my tail as I descend the stairs to head back to my house.
Somehow, the feeling of his eyes on my back makes me smile. There is some sort of flutter going on in my stomach. Not sure if it’s nerves or…
“If you need me,” he tells me before I can make it through the front door. “To come and get you, I will, you know?”
“I know, Zeph.” I turn to face him. He’s close. Very close. Close enough that I can smell the paint on his hands, on his shirt, on his cheek. Subconsciously, I reach my hand up to wipe at the paint smudged under his eye, the yellow spot rubbing off onto my thumb easily.
“If he does anything he shouldn’t,” he begins quietly, grabbing my hand to look at my thumb. I’ll need to wash the paint off when I get home. Or maybe I’ll just let it dry and stain my thumb for the night. “Touches you, pressures you to do anything, I will be there faster than he can say ‘No, not the face.’” He quickly wipes of my thumb with the towel, leaving it clean, leaving my hand in his as his fingers slowly massage my palm.
I squeeze his hand. “You’re really worried about me—about this date—aren’t you?” I ask, surprised Zephyr’s taking so much interest in this. It’s only a date with Ryder Harrison. What should he be worried about?
However, yesterday, after he watched Ryder serenade me, horribly out of tune, he asked me if I agreed to the date. When I told him I had, I watched his face fall and he told me I nearly sold my soul to the devil. He said all Ryder was going to do was hurt me. Zephyr acted as if I was in love with the kid, that he was my dream date, when I just wanted to get this thing over with so Ryder would leave me alone.
Whatever Zephyr thought, whatever he was worried was going to happen was not going to happen. I would make sure of that.
“Just a little bit,” he admits, hesitantly, possibly goading my own response. “What does your aunt say about this?”
I giggle lightly. “Hilary just wants to meet him,” I tell him, remembering the conversation I had with her when I got home from school yesterday. I told her that someone asked me out, she thought I turned him down immediately—because, normally, I would—and her mouth dropped open when I told her I agreed to a date with the quarterback of the football team. “You know, she needs to commit his face to memory in case I go missing and she needs to identify him in a lineup. The usual parental/guardian stuff.”
“As long as she’s on board with your date with Satan,” he mutters. 
“I’ll talk to you later,” I tell him as I back out of his house, releasing his hand and letting it drop in the open space between us, giving him a smile as I close his door. I pass his parents as they arrive home from the grocery store, lugging three store tote bags. The ones you buy from the store so you don’t use plastic or paper bags.
“Don’t you look lovely?” Molly, Zephyr’s mother tells me as I pass.
“Thank you,” I respond quietly, blushing, startled by the compliment. “I have a date tonight.” It’s still odd to tell. Especially Zephyr and Jamie’s parents.
“Well, you go girl,” Antonios, Mr. Kalivas, tells me, raising his free fist in the air as a fist bump. I try to hide my giggle but it escapes. 
Molly shoots her husband a confused look before shaking her head and returning her gaze back to me. “Don’t mind him, dear,” she tells me as she reaches out to lower her husband’s hand. “He’s been watching those teen movies from the nineties with Jamie again.”
I outright laugh, watching the happy look drop from Antonios’ face as he realizes what he just did.
“Sorry,” he mumbles, lowering his head in faux-shame.
After my giggles die down, I ask, “Do you two need any help before I head back home?” I ask, ready to head toward the car for any stray bags.
“We’ve got it, Joey, but thank you,” Molly tells me with a wide smile. “You and your aunt should join us for dinner on her next day off,” she offers, shifting the bags in her arms. “Next Saturday, right?”
“Yeah, we’ll be there,” I promise. “You know Hilary can’t turn down your cooking,” I tell her, a little in jest, before turning to leave to finish getting ready for whatever tonight entails.
In my room, I stand in front of my mirror and slick on enough makeup to be noticeable, nothing too outrageous, then try and decide about what jewelry to pair with Jamie’s outfit. I don’t have much—besides the locket I refuse to remove. I’m not into shopping for things like that. I normally stick to the basics, necessities, and books when I’m at the mall. I certainly do not have anything appropriate for what I am wearing.
Although… I think to myself as the image of a black velvet box pops into my mind. I may have something perfect for the occasion after all.
Hilary made sure to save my mother’s jewelry before we moved across the country. As I’ve aged, meaning birthdays and the occasional Christmas, she has slowly been handing them over to me, piece by piece, believing my mother would want that. Last year, when I turned fifteen, she gave me a beautiful, extravagant black-and-silver floral cuff my mom bought when she was in high school. Hilary told me that my mother fell in love with it the moment she saw it in the store window. She saved up just to buy it. She didn’t want a cheap knock off that would turn her wrist green, and certainly nothing she was allergic to—I have the same allergy. She bought it for her junior year to match her Homecoming dress; I also have that hanging in my closet. On the inside of the box is a picture of my mother wearing the cuff, a picture Hilary had saved for me as well.
I take the cuff from the box in the top drawer of my dresser where I keep all things that are important to me, like the picture of my mother at her Homecoming dance, and slide it onto my wrist, smiling at how well it matches the outfit. The silver glints bright in the light, still clear and flawless, completely perfect. I think my mother only wore it for special occasions.
I feel beautiful as I stare in the mirror at a girl I’ve never seen before. Her makeup is flawless, what little she applied, her hair perfectly curled and coiffed. This girl is beautiful.
I am beautiful.
As I wait, I switch my glasses for the contacts I hardly ever wear, thinking this might be a great time to break them out. But at the last minute, I switch back. If Ryder’s spending time with me, he’s getting the real me. The blind me. Although, my hazel eyes are brighter and more vibrant without my thick black frames but I feel more like myself when I wear my glasses.
Nine
The wait seems too long. I feel like a sheep waiting for shaving, a cow waiting for slaughter… a girl waiting nervously for her first date. While I really didn’t want to spend time with Ryder, I was eager for my first date to start. I smiled at the thought alone, just cut Ryder from the equation, replace him with someone interesting and more capable of holding my attention, and I was damn near ecstatic.
“When is this boy getting here?” Hilary asks from the doorway to my room, surprising me—scaring the crap out of me—as I sit on my bed in my own little world of wonder and curiosity. I look up to her; her arms are folded across her sweater-clad chest. She is wearing dark blue skinny jeans that are tight on muscled legs and an olive green sweater that makes her green eyes greener—if that is even possible. She had a lunch date with an old sorority sister visiting from Texas—I think her name is Missy or Muffy or Ronnie, something like that. Her usual Saturday attire is oversized sweats and a baggy t-shirt or tank top—the clothing of comfort. 
“Any minute, now.” I check the time on my phone, also checking to see if my phone has a full charge… just in case I desperately need an escape from a person whom is a phone call away.
“He better be nice,” Hilary threatens. She isn’t threatening me but I hear the humor in her voice. I also know she is not joking. If he weren’t such a kiss ass, maybe I would want to spend my valuable time with him. If I had my choice, my first date would be with someone I could at least tolerate. If I had my choice, it would be with with a friend, someone I can have a good conversation, someone who can make me laugh, someone I could consider a best friend someday. “You look really beautiful, Joey,” she tells me, using the voice that subtly says if only your mother could see you.
If only my mother could be here… As much as it hurts, I hold it in—hold the words tight. It might not hurt so much to keep them inside. I know my mother would give me the greatest advice for tonight—as any mother would—she’d even threaten Ryder (that could be wishful thinking). Who knows, she could be waiting for him with a shotgun. These thoughts, these things that can never happen, make my eyes start to water.
Just what I need right now: Water works.
Dang, when did I become who girl that cared about makeup?
The doorbell rings, the sound box in the hall, annoyingly and repeatedly chimes.
Great. This thing is about to start.
I run down the stairs—the sooner I start this, the sooner it ends—rolling my eyes as I walk toward the front door. I place my hand on the knob and compose myself. The last thing I should be is a bitch tonight. No. I should look like I’m enjoying myself, enjoying Ryder’s company.
Oy.
If I can do that, I should take up acting.
I pull open the door, bracing myself for blonde hair and blue eyes and a smile that completely irks me whenever it’s unleashed. But that isn’t what I see.
“Zephyr?”
He is leaning against the frame, his hands stuffed in the front pockets of his jeans. He’s cleaned up since I last saw him, his face and hair are free of paint, as are his hands. If I rub my thumb and finger together, I can still feel the remnant of yellow paint clinging to my skin even after he cleaned it away. His chocolate eyes slide up to meet mine, slowly taking me in. It’s exhilarating, watching him.
“You’re still here?” he asks, faking. He through the door and aims straight for the couch. He drops down, legs spread wide as he slings one arm on the back. “I thought I’d just chill with your aunt tonight.” The fact he said that with a straight face amazes me.
“That’s not creepy at all,” I say, slamming the door shut.
“Is he here—” the sight of Zephyr on the couch stops her on the bottom step, what excitement was in her voice vanishes. “You’re not what I expected.” She takes the final step from the stairs, walking over to the recliner by the window. She peeks through the vertical blinds, searching.
“Thanks,” he says, that grin playing at his lips as he waggles his eyebrows. I don’t know this guy anymore. “So when does Golden Boy get here?”
I glare at Zephyr as he leans up to look out the large front window. He should know it would just be easier to join Hilary as she creeps on the neighborhood.
“Any minute now,” I answer. I cross my arms over my chest, staring at the lump that is now attached to my couch. Who does he think he is, just coming over? And why does he feel it necessary for him to be here when Ryder shows up? Ugh! I don’t understand this person.
I walk over to the couch, shoving his legs out of the way and take a seat as gracefully as I can in this outfit. Zephyr eyes my legs subtly. Or what he thinks is subtle. I saw him, though. He’s not that slick.
“Why are you here?” He looks to me, not answering. “Really?” I ask him. He doesn’t need to be here for this.
That grin returns, and wider. “It’s your first date, kid.” Zephyr wraps an arm around my shoulders and tugs me closer to him, tucking me beneath his shoulder. “This is something I need to see.”
“Gee, thanks.” I punch him in the side.
The doorbell rings for the second time. Just great.
Ryder is here.
Excuse me while I jump around the room in nervous excitement and glee.
Yay.
Ugh, I’m not that believable, am I?
Hilary opens the door and Ryder steps through, the room soon taking his scent of musk and Old Spice, something that should be on an old man heading to a banquet, not a teenage boy heading out on a date. Ryder is briefly distracted by Zephyr sitting in the living room, but that is momentary. In his hands, he holds two bouquets of flowers, one for me—more damned red roses—and one for my aunt—pink lilies, my favorite flower. I roll my eyes after I take the roses hoping he doesn’t see the annoyance etched on my face, but I’m caught by Hilary who smiles apologetically. She still plasters a happy grin on her face for Ryder. But I can see the hesitation. She doesn’t immediately trust him. That’s good.
Zephyr spots the flowers and laughs—openly. Very subtle, dude. He stands, moving closer until he’s standing between Ryder and me, separating us. He is still laughing. I turn to glare at him, narrowing my eyes, but Zephyr doesn’t notice or ignores me, I can’t tell. Hilary turns to glare at him—like aunt, like niece.
She takes the flowers from my hands and thrusts both bouquets at Zephyr, slapping him in the face with the wrapping. “Here. Put these in some water.” He doesn’t touch them. “Please,” she growls.
Zephyr stares at her, shocked. His laughing stopped. He snatches the flowers from her hand and turns to sulk to the kitchen, muttering something about how he’d like to shove these roses ‘where the sun don’t shine,’ but I don’t believe it was directed to my aunt. Not when I hear something about how much someone hates roses. Hmmm…
Ryder looks around the house, inspecting what surrounds him—the living room, the dining room, that is all he can see from where he’s standing. I’m not showing him around. He isn’t getting a tour. The walls surrounding him are covered in photographs, my aunt’s way of keeping my family in my life. He peeks at the photos, spotting me as a little kid, me as a baby being held by my mother, the one with Ivy holding a rubber duck in my face while Noah balances one on my soapy head.
It isn’t until someone else looks at these photos that I realize how awkward of a kid I was. It’s like I’m seeing myself through his eyes. Something I never want to do again. I feel like he’s judging me with every glance, every blink, like these pictures can tell him exactly who I am.
I’ve searched them for the same reason, never finding an answer to the question.
Not many people from school have seen what my family looks like. Only four people have seen these pictures. Ryder is getting an inside look on my life and what made me.
Or whom, I should say.
“I didn’t know you were…” he trails off, his thumb pointing toward a picture of my mother holding me, not entirely sure of how to mention my mother’s skin tone, I’m assuming.
Laughter booms from the kitchen, deep throaty laughter that catches everyone’s attention. Zephyr sure is enjoying something.
“What?” I ask, crossing my arms across my chest, immediately defensive. “You didn’t know what? That my mother was black?” I ask. Recognition dawns along his face while Hilary tries to hide a snicker behind her hand. The laughter from the kitchen grows louder and deeper, it sounds gut-clutching. Ryder looks embarrassed, as well he should. “What? You think this is a year round tan?” I ask adding a roll to my eyes.
If Hilary didn’t know I don’t like this boy yet, she knows now.
“Hi, I’m Hilary Archembault,” she greets, snapping his attention away from the wall of photos surrounding me, as she holds out her hand, waiting for Ryder to shake it. “I’m Joey’s aunt.”
That must confuse him more than knowing my mom is black. There is a petite redhead claiming to be my family. Let’s see how smart he is and how soon he gets it.
“Ryder Harrison.” He won’t touch the subject of race again. He’ll just accept everything he sees tonight as correct and move on. I love knowing I’ve made him feel uncomfortable. Ryder gulps, slightly nervous. He grasps her hand firmly, like he is introducing himself to a college football scout, while I stand there, feeling awkward, watching the really random exchange between them. Not to mention, Zephyr’s still in the kitchen, doing whatever it is he does in kitchens. Oy. Pushing past his discomfort, his smile lights up his face, revealing teeth I’m pretty sure had help from an overpriced dentist. He’s trying to amaze my aunt, dazzle her with his smile. Ew. Please don’t hit on my aunt right now. “Pleasure to meet you, ma’am.”
More laughter from the kitchen. My palm finds my forehead.
“Please, call me Hilary,” my aunt corrects while I start my own laughing in the corner of the room. I haven’t heard anyone call her ma’am in years. Not since Zephyr had the idea to follow her around the house and call her the name repeatedly, thinking it would be funny. It was but he was banned from the house for a week. Thus the reason why I finds it so funny. “I’m not that old.”
“Sorry.” He seems to say that word a lot around me. “Hilary,” he clarifies, testing the name.
“What innocent fun do you have planned with my only niece, the niece I’ve raised, for this evening?” Hilary asks, directing her question to him but her eyes travel to me, as if I have any idea what is going through his head and what he has planned for tonight. “I hope nothing too outrageous for her.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I see Zephyr move into the doorway of the kitchen, leaning against it, watching us. Creeper… I roll my eyes and turn my attention back to where it’s important, no matter how much I want to stare at Zephyr standing behind me.
“Nothing too crazy, ma—Hilary,” he promises, catching himself. He tucks his hands into his pockets. “Dinner. Maybe a movie,” Ryder answers, nonchalantly. He drags his hand through his hair, moving the fallen blonde curls from his eyes.
“Yeah, you’d take her to a movie,” Zephyr mutters to himself, but I can hear him. I don’t turn around. He’s only doing this for attention.
“Well, don’t have too much fun, now,” Hilary tells us as I grab my peacoat from the closet, letting us walk through the door to his car. Zephyr stomps loudly, following closely behind us to the front door. “Her curfew is midnight, give or take thirty minutes early.” I smile at her; the only thing that would make this better is a shotgun and a threat of instant death. Sadly, we don’t have a shotgun. “And remember, if you hurt her in any way, Ryder, they will never find you.”
Spoke too soon.
I clamp my hand over my mouth to prevent my giggles from erupting. Hilary just made my night. I think I love her a little more. Standing beside Ryder, I hear him gulp. I want to tell him my aunt doesn’t have a gun or any other form of weaponry but she is a surgeon—which, in my opinion, is far, far worse.
Zephyr watches us as we leave. I can feel his eyes burning a hole in my back. I’m surprised he didn’t threaten bodily harm right then and there. I mean, it’s one thing if my aunt does it. While it was awesome and I believe her, we’re talking about Zephyr. He used to take bullies down for me on a daily basis. I expected something, man.
Parked in the driveway is a new BMW, shiny and black, the nicest thing I have ever seen parked in this driveway. The setting sun gleams from the hood of the car, blinding me with light as I walk toward the passenger side. Like a gentleman, he opens my door. I mutter my thanks and slide into the warm leather seat. I didn’t know I knew anyone with a car with a leather interior. Already, my legs stick to the upholstery through the lace of my borrowed tights.
He puts the car in drive and peels out of my drive. Apparently, Ryder doesn’t believe in speed limits. I can tell as we careen down the street, going fifteen miles over the speed limit, that my grip on the seatbelt will leave permanently marks on my hand. Wherever we’re going, we’ll make it there early.
“So, where are we having dinner?” I ask simply to make conversation. It’s too quiet. I don’t do well in a confined space with awkward silence.
“Lily’s.”
More silence.
Thanks for the attempt of conversation, Ryder. I greatly appreciate the effort.
“Cool,” I answer before directing my attention out the window, watching other cars, people, trees, and houses fly by in an earthy-toned blur.
He really needs to loosen that lead foot of his.
The ride to Lily’s, the little family owned Italian restaurant in town, is quiet, the only noise, which isn’t either of us speaking, is coming from the stereo in the dashboard. He has the popular music station playing—I didn’t know people still listened to the radio these days—Movin’ 92.5, I think. I haven’t listened to that since fifth grade. That was the last time I had my own portable stereo.
Ryder opens my door again and holds out his hand for me to take when we get there. I don’t want to but I do because that is the only way I’m getting out of his car easily. He even pulls out my chair for me when we make it to the table.
Who is this dude?
During dinner, we talk about school and classes. There’s really nothing else to discuss unless I want to talk about football… spoiler alert: I don’t.
“Four AP classes? Damn,” he says between bites, or between his shoveling of food down his gullet. We just got the food and he’s halfway done with his spaghetti. I’ve had one bite from my plate.
“I like a challenge,” I tell him as I push my food around. It doesn’t even look appetizing.
“That’s the understatement of the year,” he says with a full mouth. I gag when he isn’t looking. There’s nothing more disgusting than someone talking with their mouth full of food.
Can I call Zephyr to come and get me yet?
Is there a Get Out Of Jail Free card I can cash in?
I need a savior or something right now.
Turns out, he never took an AP class a day in his life, he never really wanted to. Guffaw, I am shocked. He thought they would jeopardize his playing sports so he’s been playing everything safe throughout high school, never once overachieving academically, only getting the bare minimum required to play football in the fall and baseball in the spring. To tell you the truth, it sounded pathetic. I could not go through life just being average. I have a mind—I might as well use it.
“Have you applied to any good colleges yet?” I ask, searching for something, anything, to make me feel like I’m talking to someone with even the tiniest blip of intelligence. Who knows, perhaps he has his sights set on an Ivy League school. I doubt it, but it would make for a good conversation. It’d make for some type of conversation that I could participate in.
“It’s only September,” he answers through what remains of his spaghetti. His look calls me stupid and I want to slap him.
But I suck it up and try to soldier on.
“Oh, yeah,” I answer as I rub my forehead. I can feel the start of a migraine throbbing behind my eyes. I remove my glasses and pinch the bridge of my nose to try to relieve it; it doesn’t work. Damn. The migraine, I know, will only get worse throughout the night—as long as I’m with Ryder.
I guess he doesn’t really care about early acceptance, it’s a stupid thought but one that makes me cringe when I remember what type of guy I’m on a date with. One that doesn’t apply himself to anything but sports.
“I already have some schools interested in me.” He takes a drink from his ice water and leans back in his chair. This is the one thing he’s excited to tell me. “Louisville, South Carolina, West Virginia, UCLA.” Dude loves to brag.
“All great schools.” From what I’ve heard, I would never want to go to any of them. I was hoping I was Ivy League material. Forget that, I am Ivy League material. But those are good schools for him.
“I think so.” He nods his head to my faux-compliment, proud of himself for appealing to the smart girl. “Any place I can play ball, you know? Football or baseball.”
No, I don’t know, I’ve never played a sport before.
“And when I say interest, I mean it—some great baseball programs and some awesome football programs.” Ryder smiles as I look past him to the front door with longing. “I don’t think it’ll be hard for me to go anywhere, get in anywhere, after high school.”
Of course not, not for you and your golden arm, I want to tell him and just be the sarcastic bitch I was born to be. Instead, I continue to fake a smile and act interested in him. Why am I even doing this to myself? This discussion is nauseating, it doesn’t help that my fettuccini alfredo has more cream than cheese, and the cream looks more like curdled milk, or the salad had more wilted greens than a dying garden.
“Enjoying dinner?” he asks, his face split in an amused grin as he watches me choke down bites of my pasta. A few noodles are undercooked and hard. There’s nothing more appetizing than crunchy pasta.
“Yeah, this is great,” I lie, taking a bite of too-creamy-not-cheesy alfredo and washing it down with the too-flat soda.
Was that mocking?
“I was thinking,” he starts. I didn’t know that you knew how to think. “After this lovely meal, we could hit up a party.”
My head snaps up so fast, a curl slaps me in the face. A party? A party with other people from our school? Witnesses? Have you ever seen me at a party before, you pretentious, supercilious pretty boy? I want to shout at him but I bite my tongue.
“A party where?” I ask instead, worried.
“It’s a cheer party.” Even better. “So one of their houses.” Ryder shrugs his shoulders, leaning back in his chair to get comfortable as I struggle through the rest of my dinner. I’m ready to push it aside and be finished with it, even if it offends him or anyone else in the restaurant.
In fact, I do.
“Cool,” I mutter, hiding my eye roll with my hands as I rub my forehead.
But I’m not excited about this party. I don’t get along with cheerleaders. Or jocks. Or normal high schoolers for that matter. Surely, Ryder has noticed this little part of me.
At least Kennie will be there. She’s a cheerleader. She frequents these things; she’s even tried to drag me to a few.
Ten
After we finish dinner—he finished, I pushed mine to the side—I try to pay for my half of the bill but he won’t let me. I’m a little relieved that I am not wasting any money on this pathetic attempt at a meal, a sad excuse for dinner. Whoever the chef was tonight should be fired. And shot. And beaten with an uncooked pasta noodle. I love my vivid imagination. He speeds us to a street in Brier and soon we are standing in Jennifer Lange’s monster of house. Her parents are out of town for the week thus the party is here.
Pictures of Jennifer and her younger sister, who is a freshman at our school, cover the walls. And I don’t mean tiny little Polaroids. I’m talking giant portraits of them that take up entire walls. I think a few are painted portraits. Holy balls.
“HEY!” Kennie squeals as she drunkenly emerges from the crowd, stumbling forward like a baby beer before wrapping her thin arms around my body in a tight, vice-like hug. Naturally, my body stiffens from the contact and I mentally count—making it to seven—before she lets go and backs away. “I didn’t know you’d be here, silly.” She playfully hits my arm, the movement sloshing the beer about in her red cup. I can smell the alcohol pouring from her in a thick sickening wave. How much has this pixie had to drink, man? I debate taking the cup from her.
“Neither did I,” I yell back, hoping she can hear me over the booming music. I think the song is by One Direction. What’s even sadder—I know I’m right about that.
Someone large and looming walks by, claps Ryder on the back, smiles at me, and leaves.
Uh… okay, hi.
“I’m going to get us something to drink,” Ryder yells, watching his friend disappear into the pulsing crowd.
“Whatever,” I say to myself as he leaves, watching him vanish amid his kind, before turning back to my drunk friend. She is using the wall to stay standing as she takes a long pull from the cup in her hand. I fight the urge to take the cup away from her and tell her she’s cut off. She’ll only be angry at me so I let her do her thing and pretend I don’t notice her swaying from side to side.
Kennie suddenly stands up, her face breaking into a large smile as spots another girl from the squad. This must excite her because she charges after the innocent girl, squealing like a pig on helium, and wraps her arms around the other girl in another tight hug. I don’t know her name but she must be as drunk as Kennie or she doesn’t care because she returns the hug with gusto.
I don’t belong here. I am certainly not dressed for the occasion. Girls are wandering around in minimal clothing, revealing parts of their body they might want to keep secret. The cheerleaders—you can spot all of them like Oompa Loompas—are wearing different colored bikini tops and short jean shorts. Kennie’s bikini top is blue with white polka dots. The guys are shirtless—some really shouldn’t be—and hitting on any girl who passes by them. Some even stop to hit on me but other than that, no one pays me any attention, something I like, and I blend in against the wall.
“What are you doing here?” I can see her sneer before I look at her.
Slowly, I turn, bracing myself for her look of haughty derision.
There, in all her made up glory, she stands. Or snarls.
Alexia Cavanaugh.
And I never thought it possible, but my night just got worse.
Yay me.
Like her mindless horde of followers—sadly, that includes Kennie tonight—she is wearing a yellow triangle bikini top covered in black polka dots and dark jean short shorts. Her dyed blonde hair—which judging by her roots, is in desperate need of a touch up—is piled on top of her head in a messy bun. Little tendrils fall around her face, framing it perfectly. Her gray eyes, heavy lined in black liner—her failed attempt at the smoky eye look—trail me up and down, disgust clear on her caked face.
I want to punch her. My hand eagerly itches to punch her.
And that’s just from sight. She hasn’t really said nor done anything to me… yet.
“I’m here with Ryder,” I tell her, standing my ground, crossing my arms and backing away from the wall I was leaning against as I watched the party grow progressively dumber and drunker.
The wall makes me look weak. I am not weak. Not now.
“Oh,” she begins quietly, her eyes searching around the room—for Ryder, perhaps?—but they land back on me filled to the lash with hatred. “I heard about that,” she tells me, scowling at the thought that I could date her ex-boyfriend. “I don’t get what he sees in you.”
Neither do I but I won’t say it out loud in front of her.
“Is that jealousy I hear?” I ask. My hand cups my ear and I lean closer, giving a sarcastic illusion. You know the spiel. “Because, surely Alexia Cavanaugh—head cheerleader, Homecoming Princess—can’t be jealous of little Joey Archembault?”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” she snaps at me, waving her hand through the air, her way of dismissing me. She takes a step closer and leans forward so her mouth is next to my ear. As she breathes, I can feel her moist, sticky breath against my ear. “If I wanted him, I’d still have him, honey,” she whispers, I can hear the malice, the anger, seeping into the tone of her voice. She is near seething.
The mere thought of Ryder and me is enough to force her to use threats.
I feel like now is a perfect moment for montage.
Now, I’m sure you are wondering how this little feud started. I am still wondering the same thing myself nine years later. On my first day of school here in Washington, the teacher announced to my future class—before I even stepped through the door—that I was fragile and in need of friends. Thanks teach. Other than Zephyr, who was in a different third grade class, I had no one. There was no little child on my side when I stepped through the large door.
Alexia was in my third grade class and, I shit you not, she was the spawn of Satan. She would kick my chair away from me before I sat down, she would tape signs on my back, and she even stole my glasses once. I had to get a new pair because no one could find them. Jamie tried to handle her, tried to change her, to no avail. Her hatred for me just stuck. I still don’t understand why she hates me so much—she’s never had the courtesy to tell me, only torture me.
“Uh huh,” I reply as I cross my arms and take a large step forward. I try and intimidate her, stand a little taller, look a little meaner. It would be so much easier if she weren’t taller than me by, at least, four inches sans heels.
We stand like that for a full minute, maybe two, just staring at each other, nose to nose, sizing the other up, before she backs away, taking a long pull from the beer in her hand, the beer I didn’t see in her hand, the beer that could have been my hat had this ended horribly. Thankfully, I won’t have a beer shower tonight. Not yet.
“Nice to see you, dear,” she says with a smile, taking a step back to disappear into the drunken crowd.
Rolling my eyes, I pull my HTC Sensation out to send Zephyr a quick text. Mostly, it’s for my entertainment—I’m bored.

Me: If I ever agree to do this again, you have my permission to slap some sense into me!

That should be enough to let him know how horribly this date is going. Trust me, if I could be anywhere on this planet—the opening of the Mariana Trench, the Sahara Desert, the eye of a tornado—I’d be there.

Zephyr: Do I need to inflict some pain?

His instant reply makes me giggle. No one notices.

Me: Easy, Thor. It’s okay. You don’t need to Hulk out.
Zephyr: I’d rather be Thor. I have the luscious locks for Thor.

 “There you are,” Ryder announces when he walks up, two beers in hand. He acts as if I haven’t been standing here, in the exact spot he left me in twenty minutes ago. “I brought you a beer.” After sliding my phone into my boot—I have no pockets—I take the can from his hand, noticing the tab has already been popped. Many a teacher and adult have said the same thing: Do not trust any drink at a party someone has given you. That is very sound advice, but tonight, I don’t listen to it.
I take a drink, trying to numb myself from this party, from these people who surround me. The long pull places me in a slight haze, the buzz beginning almost instantly. That should be a problem for me—perhaps he put something in my drink?—it’s a problem for me and I ignore it, and the beer, placing it on the nearest table, claiming later that I lost it.
Throughout the night, the party loses its appeal—if it ever had any—and no part of it gets interesting. The girls get sloppy drunk and start kissing anyone who accepts it, I watch Kennie start kissing various girls on the cheek. One moves in to the get a kiss on the lips. If she is going to kiss people her boyfriend would approve of, it would be the girls. The guys start hitting on everything with a pulse, begging any girl to go with them upstairs, I even saw a guy trying to make out with a lamp.
Insert Anchorman reference here.
I am getting more attention than I ever had, ever wanted, before. Let me be honest, I am not a fan. I prefer my invisibility.
I get my own beer, just to be sure it’s safe for me to drink, and nurse it in the corner while Ryder’s talking to other jocks.
This is his crowd, not mine. This is where he belongs while I belong in the back of the library. I am ready to go home. I was ready the moment we got here.
“Avoiding me?” Ryder asks, leaning against the wall. He doesn’t appear unstable. He looks fine. He looks like the beers haven’t affected him at all. Has he been drinking at all tonight?
“Nope,” I answer, tucking loose strands of hair behind my ear. After an hour here, with the temperature rising with every new additional drunk body trying to dry hump someone else, I tied my hair back away from my face in a low loose bun.
“Then why stand in the corner?” he asks, leaning against the wall next to me, close enough that his bare arm touches mine. I can feel the heat from his skin, soft and warm, against mine, but it does nothing for me. I feel no spark, no longing. I just want him to stop touching me.
Someone runs by screaming Whooee! Whipping a piece of fabric over their head like a colorful lasso.
What the hell was that?
“I’m not the mingling type,” I tell him flatly.
A large football player—still wearing his grass-stained jersey from the day before, go figure—barrels into another one—one slightly smaller in every way—at full force, knocking the other off balance. “Dude,” he yells even though the smaller one—I believe he is a sophomore, he looks like a sophomore—is close enough to hear the upperclassmen without the ringing in his ears. “I’m so gone, totally fucking wasted, man,” he tells him loudly, basically telling all of us in the process, and giving the young kid a hard pat on the back for good measure.
The smaller football player, also wearing a jersey but his is spotless, laughs and smiles. It looks like he is in awe of the larger dude, happy to be acknowledged by someone older, someone I bet wouldn’t acknowledge him if sober.
A topless cheerleader wanders by, her hands covering what little breasts she has. Her platinum blonde hair, definitely in need of a touch up, is crazy about her head. “Have you seen my top?” she asks someone next to her, no embarrassment on her obviously drunk face. I would be so embarrassed. I would also not be wandering around a group of horny high schoolers, my peers, topless, hoping someone was nice enough to procure my teeny weenie bikini top.
Now that I think about it, I’m sure I know where it is.
“I’d like to say that I avoid this crowd,” Ryder begins, close enough to my ear that I can feel his warm breath with every word he speaks, close enough that his hand brushes little tendrils of hair from my neck. “But…” he trails off, letting me finish his sentence.
“You’re here every weekend?” I guess aloud. I turn my head to face Ryder, noticing how close we are. He could kiss me if he tried—if he wanted to—I wouldn’t recommend he try, I wouldn’t really want the entire school pissed at me for maiming the star quarterback when we’re on a winning streak. But he is close enough. Just an observation.
“No,” he says close to my ear. I can hear his grin, cocky with a glint of smartass. “Not every weekend,” he defends lightly, a little humor added to his voice. “Sometimes Samantha throws the party at her uncle’s place in Martha Lake.” He points to the topless girl with raccoon eyes still wandering aimlessly in search of clothing. Three guys openly stare at her, practically salivating. It’s obvious they hope she drops her hands.
I’m pretty sure they’ve seen the show before.
Pervs.
Tired of the party, tired of the stupidity surrounding me, I turn to Ryder and say, “I think I’m ready to go home, now.” I set my half-empty beer on the table beside me, hoping no one knocks it over. The carpet is too nice but I bet that a spilled beer is the least of my worries. I feel a little bad I didn’t finish it—I didn’t want to, I’m not much of a drinker—but I heard it’s bad to leave wounded soldiers lying about. “Are you okay to drive?” I ask. I refuse to get into a car manned by a driver under the influence. I am not going out like a statistic.
Ryder balances on one foot, holding his arms out to his sides, and touches one finger to his nose with no struggle. “As you can see”—he continues to demonstrate his balance—“I’m perfectly fine,” he tells me with his signature cocky smile. The one that makes me want to wipe it away with my fist. It’s just my usual reaction to him.
He walks me out to his car, leading me with his hand on the small of my back, and opens the door for me, still playing the gentleman. I slide onto the leather seat, trying to smooth out the fabric of the tight skirt, and buckle my seatbelt before he joins me in the car. As he walks around the front of the car, one of his friends run up and stop him. They have a short conversation, one complete with laughter that booms through the windshield and a complicated handshake that confuses me. Ryder motions to me in the car, maybe telling the friend I don’t know the name of he’s about to take me home—take me to my own house while he goes to his—before he joins me in the car.
“Sorry.” An instant apology when he drops into the car. “Brett just wanted to make sure I was cool to drive.” So the friend has a name and it’s Brett—as if I’ll need to know that for long. “Don’t want to lose the quarterback in a car accident, do we?” He forces his laugh thinking he’s made a joke.
Especially, I want to add, when the quarterback is the only reason our school wins games.
We ride in silence for most of the way to my house. I am too tired to engage in any stimulating conversation. To make it sound like I want a second date would be stupid. The thrill of home edges in and I can practically see my bed when I close my eyes. Though, I feel I need to say something, anything, just to be nice.
“I had a nice time,” I lie, forcing a smile on my lips even though I don’t want to look at him. That doesn’t stop him from looking at me.
As first dates go, I believe this is the worst that could’ve happened to me—although I know there are worse. It seemed like Ryder didn’t care much about me through the night. The entire time it seemed like he was more into himself—his football future, his friend’s party, him, him, him—than making me feel comfortable or even hoping I enjoy myself in his company—if he is so self-centered, he should have thought of that!
He didn’t even ask me a single question. It’s like he didn’t even want to get to know me at all. What am I saying? He doesn’t want to know me. Not as a person, anyway. I’m just another number, another notch in his belt, an unimportant conquest.
“Me too,” he tells me as he checks his side mirror before he switches lanes. “Can we do this again?” he asks—wow! A question for me—his face splitting into a sly grin, one I also want to punch from his face.
The way he’s looking at me. It’s as if one smile will win me over.
Never going to happen.
“Do you want me to honestly answer that?” I ask with my gaze fixed out his window as we pull onto my street. Passing Zephyr’s house, I can see all the lights are out, all the windows dark, like they went to bed early. I know Zephyr is probably sitting in his dark bedroom with the television on, maybe listening to music, anything to pass the time before he sees my window light up with my return.
“I think I just got it,” he murmurs with disappointment as he pulls into my driveway. He looks to me, smiling, but it doesn’t reach his eyes. I wouldn’t exactly expect it to. I did just turned him down. Why does he think I would agree to a second date? After the date we had tonight, the crappy one, he should be surprised if I want to speak to him again.
Spoiler alert: I don’t.
I leave his car, not looking back when he backs out of the driveway and drives down my street. Looking back—watching him leave—would mean something so much greater than I’d want to convey. I walk through the front door and see Hilary sitting on the couch, almost asleep, wearing her usual weekend outfit, oversized sweatpants she’s rolled over three times, and a baggy purple University of Washington t-shirt. She piled, as best she could, her orange hair on the top of her head in a messy bun, most of it escaping the hair tie and falling around her face. Her eyes connect with mine when she hears the door open and a lazy smile, still large and toothy, splits her face as she wakes up. She’s been waiting her entire life for me to return from a date just so she can grill me.
“How was it?” she instantly shoots, sitting up on the couch and muting the television. It’s like she wasn’t asleep at all. “Was he a gentleman? Was he polite? Did he treat you nice? Was he mean?”
“Any other way you want to rephrase that question, Aunt Hil?” I ask, plopping down on the couch next to her and letting out a large sigh. Relief washes over me, plowing through me, and I smile. Home never looked so good.
“Sorry,” she sputters. “I’ve just been waiting up for you.” Just so I can ask all these questions burning in my mind about your very first date! She yawns, her face contorting oddly as the loudest sound escapes her throat.
“It kind of sucked,” I tell her honestly, shrugging my shoulders. I don’t want to go into any detail. She doesn’t need to hear anything more about it, really. That’ll just create more questions I don’t want to answer. “But, oh well.”
“Oh, honey.” Hilary wraps her arms around my shoulders, shaking me with a hug I don’t want, a hug I never gave any sign to wanting. “I’m sorry,” she whispers into my ear. Either it’s for my horrible date or for hugging me. I know it’s for the former more than the latter. Hilary’s a hugger—blech.
Hilary’s dated more than me—obviously—so she knows about bad first dates, good first dates, average first dates—first dates in general. We’re having a moment, we’re bonding, I can tell by the way her hands lock together and the way her eyes look me over, she’s trying to be my mom, or at least mom-adjacent.
I shouldn’t ruin this.
But I do.
“Can we not do this right now?” I ask, prying her arms from around my body despite the warmth and, I will never willingly admit this again; I liked her hugging me. I like the feeling of being loved and what that means. “I just want to take a long, hot shower and climb into bed.”
Her smile drops as she feels I’ve rejected her. In a way, I have. In a way, I’ve pushed away another attempt to be closer. But that isn’t the case, not this time.
The smile is quick to return, even if forced. “You do that, sweetie.” She releases my arms, calling me more pet names, and lets me stand up and away from the couch. “We can talk tomorrow, if you want.”
I won’t want.
I climb the stairs to my room, kicking off my boots as I go, and strip from the borrowed outfit leaving everything in a messy pile on the floor by the door. I know I should be nicer to Jamie’s clothes but the only thing that seems worth the effort is a nice, steaming hot shower, one where the water peels the layer of bad decisions and booze from my body and the disappointment and regret from my bones.
After my shower, I take the clothes to the laundry room—or garage as we call it here, since that is where the washer and dryer are—and start the washing machine. Hilary won’t mind the noise. I know because she’s already in bed, snoring lightly. I can hear her through the door as I walk past toward my own room, my bed calling my name.
The sheets, the blankets, the pillows, everything is soft and cozy as I climb beneath and between, burrowing until I’m comfortable. Soon, I’m asleep, entering the dark world I dread.

Eleven
Sunlight streams through the open curtains—the hideous off white venetian blinds I forgot to close last night—warming my eyes before I even crack them open, alerting them to the painful signs of morning. I moan and groan loudly, objecting to all things ante meridiem. It’s Sunday; my final day of freedom before the week starts anew and I find myself confined within the cement walls of the prison we teenagers call high school.
Excuse me while I briefly turn into a melodramatic teenager.
With that scary thought running from my mind, the sweet chocolate scent wafts through the crack in my door, another thing I forgot to close last night. There is a hint of banana and I know, as I shoot up in bed and fight the smile blooming across my chapped lips, Hilary is making breakfast for the first time in months.
I swear the heavens have opened and the angels are singing. Not only just breakfast—my favorite breakfast.
I trudge down the stairs, still in a morning daze—which isn’t a good thing for a person with klutz-like tendencies to do. I walk into the kitchen, taking in the full aroma, my mouth watering before I can even see them.
“I smell pancakes,” I moan like a zombie in search of brains, only I am in seeking pancakes. My eyes zero in on the target on the counter, a full plate of them. Ah, I think this is the best Sunday of the year.
Hilary laughs to herself, the metal spatula in her hand flipping one in the pan. She deals with this every time she makes breakfast, whether it’s pancakes or eggs. However, when bacon is involved, I’m funnier, and I steal the plate, sneaking it up to my room before she can notice it’s missing.
“I was in a breakfast mood,” she tells me as she slides the plate of pancakes over to me. I move toward them, my arms outstretched, mouth still watering. You would think I haven’t eaten in days with the way I’m acting.
I lift it gingerly from the counter, because it’s the most precious thing to me at right now, and take a deep, deep breath, smelling the chocolate chip banana goodness I have loved since I was a kid. Since I was a little girl… I think. I’m not sure but I do remember that these were the only things Hilary could get me to eat when I started living with her. For some reason, they remind me of my mother; that’s when I start to wonder if she ever made them for me as a kid.
She must have.
I am lost in the thought when the front door creaks open with a loud whine—it was unlocked?—and Zephyr walks into the kitchen wearing red basketball shorts and a grey t-shirt with the school mascot on the back with his jersey number beneath it. His hair is a straggly mess around his head, matted down on one side, completely frizzy and wild on the other, like this was his first destination once he got out of bed.
“I smell pancakes,” he mumbles as he heads straight for the plate in my hands, determination set in his eyes, like every other time he sees food.
Hilary snaps to attention, her eyes darting between Zephyr and me, before settling on Zephyr as he stands in the doorway to the kitchen. “Now that was creepy,” she says, watching as Zephyr tries to take the plate from my hands.
I’m prepared to bite him if he gets too close. I start snarling and growling like a hungry dog—don’t ask, I’m still waking up, here. He takes the hint and backs away from me, his arms up in weak surrender.
He smiles at me, knowing me and my love for breakfast foods, and he starts laughing as I protectively hover over the plate.
I have issues.
“Where’s Jamie?” I ask, still hoarding the plate away from the human garbage disposal. He could trick me and snatch it away, something he has done before. Hilary, knowing how much Zephyr can eat, starts preparing more batter by cutting more bananas and setting them aside with the bag of chocolate chips, she grabs the large bowl from the sink and rinses it out, all to eavesdrop, I know.
She wants me to speak more about that damned date.
“Asleep,” he answers half-heartedly, holding back a yawn, as he searches the cabinets above the refrigerator for syrup. “Your window is open and the mouthwatering aroma was too strong for me to ignore,” he tells us, still on his maple syrup search.
“Really?” Hilary sarcastically asks from the stove. “I’m pretty sure the thought of food was enough to drag you out of bed, Zephyr.”
“Just the thought of your delicious cooking, Hilary,” Zephyr says with a faux-innocent smile as he wraps an arm around her shoulders in a side hug.
She raises an orange eyebrow in skepticism. “Does your family feed you?” Hilary finally asks after a few moments of quiet, mostly to the chocolate chip speckled pancakes in her pan.
“More often than you think,” he answers, leaning against the counter as his eyes watch her hand flip and lift the breakfast cooking in front of her.
“Well, you know where the plates are, kid,” she tells him, pointing the spatula at his head. “Start handing them out. And make sure Joey takes one, she’s eating with her hands again.”
They both look to me as I munch on a pancake, training my eyes anywhere but on them.
Zephyr grabs three plates from the cupboard closest to the sink, bringing them to the table and setting them at different seats. He grabs the silverware as I continue to snack on pancakes, too eager for syrup and utensils. One quick look at me, a pancake dangling from my mouth, and he starts laughing like it’s the funniest thing that he’s ever seen. Hilary looks over to see what is so funny and she snickers from the sight of me.
Settling down and setting the silverware where it needs to go, Zephyr takes his seat, the one next to me. “How was the date with Golden Boy?” he asks, grabbing five pancakes, half of what remains on the plate, and covering them in maple syrup. Knowing him as well as I do, I know he doesn’t have any real interest. I can tell by his eyes, but he did ask, so I’ll tell him.
“Don’t get me started on it,” I mutter, placing three pancakes on my own plate, foregoing the fork, deciding still to eat them with my hands. “We ended up at Jennifer Lange’s house for some stupid party.”
“Oh, yeah, that party,” he says, as if it were an afterthought. As if he’s remembering where he put his keys or what the math homework was from last Tuesday. “I didn’t go.”
“Well, duh, I knew that,” I tell him, poking him in the arm with the end of my fork. “I would have left a hell of a lot sooner if you were there.”
Hilary clears her through with a very audible ahem, stealing our attention. She’s staring at me with her hand on her hip—the woman just went sassy. I can picture her tapping her foot in annoyance. “Was there drinking?” she asks. We didn’t make it hard, but I forgot Hilary was in the room listening to me talk about a high school party where there were, no doubt, underage drinkers, me as one of them. Her parental instincts were kicking in.
But I didn’t treat this situation as you normally would when conversing with a concerned parent/guardian. I treated it like I would anything else.
“No, not at all, in fact, we just sat around playing board games and using a sharing stick to talk about our hopes and dreams.” It wasn’t too early for me to get hit in the back of the head for my deadpan speech of pure sarcasm.
“Josephine Elizabeth,” Hilary barks out as Zephyr chuckles behind his hand.
Thanks, Best Friend. Way to make it better.
I steal a glance at Zephyr, noticing his playful smile, and take a bite of my pancake. “Do you want honesty,” I ask with a full mouth.
As she asked, I told her about the alcohol, how I had one beer—technically—and Ryder was good to drive. She was happy and proud I didn’t get into a car with a drunk driver. I was happy she didn’t go overboard and decide to call Ryder’s parents to let them know that their son had subjected me to alcohol, that he was a bad influence turning her honor roll niece into a delinquent.
Okay, maybe I’m imagining that last part, but the sentiment is still the same.
While Hilary has never seemed like the tattle type, who knows what she could do now that I was, quote, unquote, dating. I mean, I’ve never given her a reason to have a long discussion with someone’s parents about the trouble their child and I got into. I’ve never been in trouble. I’m a good kid.
Zephyr sprawled along my unmade bed, kicking off his shoes, as he got comfortable with the pink of my sheets. After breakfast, we decided to laze around and spend the rest of our Sunday morning uneventfully. Like every other Sunday. “What are you going to do today?” he asks, his hand reaching for the remote on my bedside table. Is he going to force me to watch sports in my own room?
“I don’t know,” I answer, following it up with a wide yawn—politely covered with my hand. I watch him flick through sports channel after sports channel from the worn recliner in the corner of my room. Yes, he’s going to force me to watch sports in my own room. He’s too comfortable in my room, too used to the femininity that surrounds him. I remember when he would play with me when we were kids, he would try and boy it up as best he could, but his attempts were all failures. He wasn’t used to hanging around with a girl all the time; he wasn’t used to all the pink plastered everywhere. Now, while I’m not so girly anymore, I’m still very into pink and purple and pastels and it’s obvious. Though, I spoke too soon, he lands on a football game I didn’t know was playing. “Nap, maybe.”
He turns his attention to me, ignoring the game, and drags his hand through his long brown locks. The intensity of his gaze makes my stomach flutter, something that has never happened when any guy—let alone Zephyr—looked at me. I try to shake it away. “Last night took a lot out of you, huh?” he asks quietly. There is something about his gaze, something about his eyes I love. The feeling of them gliding over me when he speaks to me, how they never turn away, like I am all that he can think about, all he can see. There is importance in his stare, something no one else has really made me feel.
“You could say that,” I answer sheepishly, leaning back in my chair and covering my bare legs with my pink-and-gray No-Sew throw blanket. He turns his attention back to my television set; I continue to stare at him.
“Joey.” Hilary’s snaps me back to reality as she pokes her head through my open door, spotting me in the chair and Zephyr on my bed. She smiles at the sight and seems relieved. “Someone is here to see you.” She steps back, disappearing into the hall and Ryder walks into my room, filling the doorway where my aunt once stood with his six-foot height.
“Harrison?” Zephyr sits up, throwing his legs over the side of my bed. The expression on his face switches from happy to furious in the time it takes for me to blink.
Is it just me or is that weird?
Right, just me.
Well, to be honest, it isn’t as weird as my body’s reaction to Zephyr’s eyes, so that is something.
“Morning, Kalivas,” Ryder says curtly to the boy on my bed, his ocean blue eyes set on me. For a Sunday, where people usually attend church in nice clothes, Ryder, it appears, is not the exception. He is wearing neatly pressed khaki pants, a dark blue button down shirt tucked in at the waist, and a shiny pair of brown loafers.
“What are you doing here?” I blurt rudely.
“Joey!” Hilary’s voice calls from the hall. She is still standing near my door, eavesdropping.
I roll my eyes. “I’m fine, Ryder,” I say politely for her benefit. “What are you doing here on such a holy day?” I rework the question, crossing my arms across my chest, covering the Powerpuff Girls design of the t-shirt I grabbed this morning in a hurry. At least I’m wearing a bra.
“I don’t know why I try,” I hear my aunt mutter in the hall.
“Curiosity killed the cat, Aunt Hil,” I say loud enough for her to hear and get the message.
A few seconds later and I can hear her slippers flopping as she stomps away, loudly for my benefit, toward the stairs, soon retreating into the living room.
“I wanted to see if you wanted to see a movie or something,” Ryder finally answers, his eyes trailing down my body, taking in my pajama shorts and, thankfully, baggy t-shirt. His eyes linger on my bare legs. I quickly cover them with my blanket.
“You could have called,” Zephyr snaps from my bed. He leans forward, far enough it appears he is about to leap from my bed and attack Ryder where he stands. Somehow, that thought alone makes me smile. The look on his face isn’t a happy one and I assume he’s plotting murder in his mind. “Or texted.”
Ryder turns his attention to Zephyr, my best friend, and his look seems to challenge.
What is it with these weird people? And why do I know so many of them?
“That would have saved you gas,” I say, trying to lighten the mood and cut the growing tension in the room. “I don’t want to see a movie or something,” I tell him, looking to Zephyr in time to see his expression soften.
Ryder takes a few steps closer to me, not close enough for him to touch me but close enough I can smell his thick cologne. “If I said please?” he asks quietly, sparing no glance toward Zephyr as he sits witness to this spectacle.
“I’d still say no, Ryder.” I tell him with a nod. I paste a smile on my face. “Nice to see you, though,” I tell him, hoping he takes the subtle hint. “Have a good Sunday.”
Ryder takes a step back. “I’ll see you at school, then?” he asks, a sliver of hope in his blue eyes. I think he’s hoping I’ll change my mind and escape with him to wherever he wants to go.
“We’ll pass in the halls,” I tell him, letting him know that’s how I want to see him in the future, as a fleeting passerby.
With that, his hope extinguished, he exits my room and I listen to his steps as he thumps down the stairs to the living room. I hear the front door close behind him.
“That was weird,” Zephyr mutters, leaning back on my bed to get comfortable again.
“Tell me about it,” I reply, snuggling into my chair, my gaze fixed on Zephyr as he lounges against my pillows.
I did get that nap I wanted. During whatever football game Zephyr was subjecting me to, I fell asleep in my chair. I didn’t even need to kick Zephyr out of my bed. As I rethink that sentence in my mind, I feel a little awkward talking about a guy in my bed, but then I move on to the guy in my bed. Sweet baby Jesus! My brain is turning against me, here. I am not supposed to think of my best friend in my bed.
 I awake to more blankets covering me than there were to begin with. My television was off and the light was off, my room encased in shadows. Zephyr had gone back to his house, his own room, to do whatever it is he does during the weekend.
Once I was awake and not boiling beneath my comforter—yes, the boy tugged my large, fluffy comforter from my bed—I set to finishing my calculus assignment. I practiced my violin and tinkered on my piano. Hilary’s weekend of freedom ended and she left me alone to work on her usual shift, leaving me to fend for myself for dinner. That’s something I’ve grown used to in my teenage years.
That meant a deep-dish pepperoni and pineapple pizza. Yum!
I get to bed at an early hour, waking up early in the morning from the normal dark nightmare. No one’s face haunted my dreams, thank God, but I did get the feeling of drowning and suffocation again. The usual. I wash the sweat from my skin and start my week like normal.
In school, I shove my books into my locker and struggle to hold my backpack up as I unload one heavy textbook after another.
“Hey, Joey,” I hear the familiar condescending voice behind me. I turn, facing Alexia Cavanaugh in her skintight jeans and cleavage-bearing top that reveals so much I’m surprised she hasn’t been sent home to change. Her designer handbag—I think Chanel—is dangling from her arm as if she were at the mall searching for the perfect pair of shoes rather than the reality of being at school trying to receive an education.
I look to her, briefly acknowledging her existence. “Goodbye, Alexia.” I slam my locker shut and struggle to zip up my backpack before slinging it over my shoulders. In my mind, I hope I hit her in the head. Then she’d know what intelligence feels like.
“I really don’t get what he sees in you,” she states as she follows me. Is she talking about Ryder? I have exhausted all topics of Ryder Harrison this week. “Or anyone else for that matter,” she continues as she flips her hair over her shoulder. Typical bitch move.
I can’t help myself, despite the warning in my head blinking DO NOT INITIATE! DO NOT INITIATE!
“What are you yapping about?” I ask, going against my better judgment and indulging her by continuing this pointless conversation. I swear I can feel my brain cells dying away the longer I am in her presence.
“You don’t know?” she asks, surprise fills her voice. Something crosses her face but it quickly vanishes before I can identify it.
I really don’t have time for this or for her so I start walking faster toward my classroom. Maybe I can lose her in a crowd.
“How could I possibly know what you’re talking about?” I nearly yell at her.
“Well,” she starts quietly. “It’s kind of obvious if you pay attention,” she tells me with sigh. “But if you haven’t seen it, I’m not going to spell it out for you.”
“Then, I guess, this little exchange between us was pointless,” I state politely, nearing my class. I nearly sprint inside the room right then.
“Not entirely,” she says cryptically.
I roll my eyes, completely pissed to be wasting my time with her. “Still, I’m not getting the brain cells I just lost back,” I tell her, stopping in the open doorway to my class. I spin around, facing her. “Look, I told Ryder I didn’t want a second date, okay.” Her left eyebrow arcs. “He might still take you back or whatever.”
Turning, I leave her standing in the hall. She would never be caught in an AP class, even if it were just to openly mock and laugh at me for whatever it is I don’t know, so she left when the first warning bell rang, joining her followers I assume.
Zephyr smiles at me from his seat, his notebook open in front of him, a fresh page with the date written at the top right hand corner. He has learned something from me, that’s good. His pen is pinned behind his ear, hidden beneath his hair. Class is uneventful, as usual, just Mr. Cheney talking about the outcomes of World War I. I took notes like I’m supposed to but I wasn’t listening, not really.
Twelve
I went through the rest of my morning classes like normal, ran the normally obnoxious mile in gym. Because Harley was absent, Zephyr and I raced for part of the run. Okay, for the entire run. I almost beat him … had one of his friends not cut me off. I know he made that happen, the cheater. We were in the gym, the first two to finish with the mile, laughing our asses off while the coaches looked at us with confused and worried expressions. They never expect us to enjoy the run, and we rarely do, but sometimes you’ve got to make the things you hate, the things you despise, a little fun.
Soon it was lunch and I was at our usual table sitting in front of Harley and next to Kennie—both of them glaring at me.
“You didn’t call me,” Harley starts, annoyance and disappointment in her voice that I didn’t immediately tell her about my date with Ryder. To be honest, I didn’t really want to relive it.
“Or me,” Kennie chimes from the seat next to me. I can smell her perfume, floral and thick. It suits her. She looks pristine and perfect, no indication of that party at all. Though, it was two days ago, she has had plenty of time to recover and rehydrate.
“I assumed the both of you were too busy puking your guts out.” I start peeling the banana I snagged from the lunch line while the cafeteria lady wasn’t paying attention. I realize I’ve broken one of the big rules of Girl Code. I’ve never been big on the Code.
“Beside the point,” Harley starts. She unloads her lunch from the typical brown paper bag. It’s mostly saltine crackers and nothing too heavy to upset her stomach. “How was it?” she asks, actual interest in her eyes. I know she doesn’t want to hear if it was a good date. She just wants basic details.
I ignore the question, deciding to let them squirm seems like the better thing to do. “Why weren’t you in gym?” I ask Harley instead.
“Doctor’s appointment,” she answers, swiftly. “Now spill all the gory details about the date from hell.” How does she always know what’s going through my mind? “I can’t imagine Ryder as interesting.”
“Not really a date from hell, Harley,” I start before taking another bite from the banana. “More like a date with an annoying football player who threatened to serenade me if I turned him down.”
“It’s because you’re so hot,” Harley replies instantly.
I giggle. “Damn, you’re right, Harley,” I reply. “I need to learn how to turn off this sexiness.”
That sends us into hysterics.
When we calm down, Kennie opens her mouth to speak. “Well—” she starts before suddenly being cut off by a loud whistle-like sound, something similar to a pan flute but more faint, accompanied by a clap sound. No, not a clap, an engineered drum sound. It’s music. More music.
“Please tell me I’ve developed a brain tumor and am imagining the music I’m hearing.” I look to Harley, really hoping she says that she doesn’t hear anything. Please be a brain tumor, please be a brain tumor, please be a brain tumor.
“Then I should head to neurology with you,” she tells me with a grim, apologetic smile.
Damn! Not what I wanted her to say.
“It’s Justin Bieber!” Kennie exclaims with happiness and excitement, her manicured hands clapping together like a seal learning a new trick. I need to spend a long with her reintroducing her to good music.
I tug my glasses from my face and my hands collide with my forehead, the edge of my palms pressing into my eyes. I can feel a headache beginning to pound. “Not this again,” I mutter under my breath.
Silently, I pray someone else is the focus of this, not me. I mean, come on, I have to be extremely conceited—a self-centered egomaniac—to think this music is strictly for my benefit. Like the song says, ‘You’re so vain; I bet you think this song is about you.’
“He has back up dancers,” Kennie says loudly. She starts laughing. My head jerks up and I replace my glasses to my eyes, the entire world coming back into focus, searching for the offending person.
I swear, he is about to join my nightmares.
I turn around in my seat, and sure enough, Ryder is surrounded by four of his friends, all wearing bedazzled harem pants that sparkle vibrantly in the fluorescent lighting and, I kid you not, a Member’s Only jacket. They styled their hair to resemble Justin Bieber as best as they could—that stupid swept back look, except for the dude rocking the old Bieber-flip. Well, those with hair long enough.
“I am so out of here,” I whisper, hoping to escape before it gets worse. I grab my backpack and banana peel, launching it into the nearest garbage can; before I am surrounded by gyrating wanna-Biebers who make the art of dance seem like a disease. They encircle me before I can make an escape. Damn, I’m trapped.
That’s when the words start, and lucky for my ears, and the rest of humanity, Ryder is lip-syncing. But that doesn’t lighten the embarrassment coursing through me in a blaze of flushed cheeks and sweaty palms. I hate that I can feel my cheeks heat as I flush bright cherry-red, my eyes widen as he makes his way through the song, throwing a handful of colorful monopoly money in the air when the lyrics call for him ‘having money in his hands that he really wants to blow.’
In my head, I’m hoping lightning strikes and takes him out in the most gruesome, painful way it can. Or me. I really have no preference who gets maimed, here. Maybe someone will tackle him, like Chad Michael Murray’s character in the remake of Freaky Friday, but I don’t know anyone who would do that for me. He is surrounded by horrible dancers, Harley and Kennie are laughing hysterically like this is the funniest thing they have ever seen—it probably is—and Zephyr’s trying to hold in his laughter on the other side of the room while still looking pissed off.
The song ends, Ryder’s hand punching into the air as his big finish, and applause erupts throughout the cafeteria. I know I’m bright red. I can feel the heat in my cheeks shift down my body as I stand in front of him. While his backup dancers surrounding us. I’m certain they are insurance so I don’t run and hide in the girl’s locker room or something.
Seething, I tug him up by the collar of his sparkly gold t-shirt. I have amazing strength when livid. “What is wrong with you?” I ask so quietly, it’s a notch above a whisper, seething. My grip on his shirt tightens, it hurts but I ignore the pain.
“You didn’t like it?” he asks modestly, his signature smile threatening to blossom along his about-to-be-fat lips.
I need to take a deep, deep, breath. I need to calm down before I do something stupid. That’s what my little voice, that stupid little voice, is telling me.
I should really listen to it sometimes.
“Are you fucking KIDDING ME?” I yell. I hear the audience he’s created oooh! and ahhhh! as I continue to yell at him. “You said you would stop this singing thing if I went on a date with you,” I tell him while fighting the overwhelming urge to knee him in the groin, reminding him of our conversation from last Friday. “I guess you’ve been tackled too many times or taken one too many baseballs to that head of yours because I remember the date we went on.” Even thought I’d love to forget it.
“Technically, you said if you never had to hear me sing, you’d go out with me.” He points out, trying pathetically to clarify. “I didn’t sing this time, I lip-synced,” he tells me, smiling widely. Oh, what a great target his perfect teeth would make for my fist. “And this is all for a different purpose.”
“This is all really creepy and I don’t like it,” I yell at him, loud enough to catch the attention of a nearby cafeteria attendant. I’m too worked up to censor myself, not that I ever would in a situation like this. He deserves my wrath.
“Then you should just be my girlfriend,” he offers, placing his hands on my shoulders. His thumbs rub up and down the front of my shoulders. “You could make me stop in many delicious ways.” A cocky smile splits his face. “Next time I might sing and dance.” The smile grows wider.
“What? Are we in the first grade or something?” I ask loudly, shrugging off his hands. “‘I like you, do you like me? Check yes, no, or maybe.’ What the hell, Ryder?” I take a deep breath and release his shirt. I try to collect my enraged thoughts and cool the blood beginning to boil within my veins. But that fails when I replay what he just said in my mind. You could make me stop in many delicious ways… “And am I mistaken or were you just trying to blackmail me into a relationship?” I ask, taking a step forward, poking him hard in the chest.
If he had any friends whose main purpose in this friendship is to protect him from fists, he might want them to step up right about now. My hands are clenched into fists and the urge to swing is so overwhelming I can’t even begin to think of any ways to calm myself down. Blind fury is about to erupt, here.
“I was pretty obvious?” My instinct tells me to slap that smile from his face. My instinct also tells me to shove him into the wall and run far, far away. I’m not sure which option I like more.
A laugh escapes my mouth. “Not going to happen, Ryder,” I tell him loudly, catching the waiting attention of the nearest tables. Like they weren’t already listening to us. “I don’t even like you enough as a person to tolerate the date we went on. Yeah,” I add quickly. “I suffered through that. So move out of my way and stop the music act because you really suck at it.”
“Only if you and me,” he starts smiling, continuing with, “become a ‘we.’” His smile sickens me. He hasn’t heard a single word I’ve just said—no, screamed—to him. “An ‘us,’ an item, a couple, boyfriend/girlfriend—”
I cut him off before he gives any more examples. “You really like to ignore the no in this conversation, don’t you?” I turn to leave. “Don’t follow me,” I bite out before he can react.
Practically running, I make it to the stairs before anyone can laugh at me for the show we just put on. I’ve never been so angry; I’ve never been given a reason to be this angry before. I take the steps two at a time, quicker to escape, until I’m on the second floor, safely away from the cafeteria.
I hear steps behind me, gaining on me. Thinking Ryder completely ignored my last words to him, I turn with my arms raised, hands tightly clenched, and ready to take aim and punch him in the nose. I don’t care that we’ll be standing directly in front of the main office, I don’t care that the principal or any teacher can walk by at this moment, I just want this to end, and I want it to end now!
The sight of his long brown hair and familiar brown eyes causes me to release a sigh and relax. The calm feeling I get around him takes over and I welcome it.
It’s only Zephyr.
“What the hell’s his deal?” he asks, trying to portray anger, but I can clearly see his fight not to laugh.
Thanks, best friend. Old buddy, old pal.
“I don’t know. Don’t care,” I bark bitterly, rolling my eyes. I seem to do that a lot lately. “I’ll see you later,” I tell him before escaping into an open practice room to wait out the rest of lunch. I am afraid if I hide in the library, Ryder might try another music number to sway me.
There is something peaceful about the music wing during lunch. There aren’t many classes going on, all the practice rooms are empty, and the people who eat lunch in this hall—mostly the band students—are at the end of the hall talking about things I wouldn’t care about. They don’t even see me slip into a room. No one notices me at all. I really want to keep it that way.
Thirteen
The bell signaling the end of lunch rings, the sound muffled in the nearly soundproof pencil-graffiti’d walls of the room. I force myself up and head through the door, leaving the safety and invisibility of the the silent practice room. I follow the trail of band students as they migrate to their various classes. I follow one to the AP English class we share, through the door, and to our assigned seats, mine just happens to be the one behind his. I tug out my notebook—a green one for this class—and a pink pen, ready to take notes.
Facing forward, I look to the whiteboard at the front of the room. My mouth drops wide open when I notice two things: (1) A Shakespearean sonnet written on the board, taking up both sides, and (2) Beneath the sonnet, in the same crappy chicken scratch handwritten, which can only belong to one person, FOR JOEY, FROM RYDER.
That son of a bitch!
It wouldn’t be so bad had he chosen a different sonnet, a different poem. Hell he could have written one himself (because girls find that so romantic). Even better, he could have ignored the idea, forgotten the stupid plan all together and just left me alone like I wanted, like I told him to do, damn it!
But he didn’t. He had to do this. In one of my classes.
I read the sonnet in my head before class starts because I am still too dumbstruck to do anything else. I can’t even make myself move to remove the evidence.

“My mistress' eyes are nothing like the sun;
Coral is far more red than her lips' red'
If snow be white, when then her breasts are dun;
If hairs be wires, black wires grow on her head.
I have seen roses damask's, red and white,
But no such roses see I in her cheeks;
And in some perfumes in there more delight
Than in the breath that from my mistress reeks.
I love to hear her speak, yet well I know
That music hath a far more pleasing sound;
I grant I never saw a goddess go;
My mistress, when she walks, treads on the ground:
And yet, by heaven, I think my love as rare
As any she belied with false compare.”

I go through class pretending as if I didn’t see the offending sonnet written on the board specifically for me. I try successfully to pretend Ryder didn’t compare my hair to black wire. I even try to think that Ryder is too stupid to know he said my breath was horrid. Luckily, Miss Thorne erased the evidence before most of the class entered the room. It was just me and Simon Peterson, the jazz band dude I sit behind, who saw it. I half suspected her, the teacher, to read it and decide to analyze it as a class, then deciding to compare it to me because my name is attached at the bottom, but we’ve all read Shakespeare in previous classes, we’ve all studied that same sonnet, and we all know how insulting it is to be compared to it.
At the end of class, after I hand in my assignment, I leave the room in an angry daze. I’m in my own little world, plotting metaphorical murder, and I walk right into Ryder as he waits outside the classroom door for me. He is still wearing his Bieber outfit—complete with the horribly styled hair, though it’s slightly deflated and losing its pizzazz.
His smile is big and toothy, overly cocky, mischievous, and proud, as he steadies me, his hands gripping my arms tightly to prevent my escape. “Did you like your surprise?” he asks too eagerly.
Some surprise, jackass.
I stop myself before I stomp on his foot, thought, the urge is terrifyingly strong, I look up to him—he is taller than I originally thought, I have never really looked up to him before. I never wanted to. My hand clutches tightly in a fist, my way of preventing myself from slapping him across the face, only it doesn’t quell the urge to punch him square in the nose. Hard.
Future notes: If all you want to do to someone when you see them is inflict bodily harm, there is a problem. Distance yourself.
“If that was your brilliant plan to make me like you,” I start, pointing my finger in his face. “You failed. Big time.”
Turning on my heels, I let him watching me leave. Again.
In orchestra, we have a substitute teacher while Mrs. Pearl is at home with her sick newborn daughter. The daycare, we learned from the aforementioned sub, does not allow for infants, or anyone, with colds to be there for two days to minimize the chance of spreading the bacteria/infection/virus/whatever to the other children. Therefore, this substitute, who doesn’t know a thing about music, lets us do our own thing. That includes, but is not limited to, the laziest of the group talking and gossiping in a corner of the room, the studious of the group doing homework on the risers against the back wall. Those who really want to practice—which is a surprisingly small group, though it makes you understand the who is the most dedicated—gaining access to a few of the practice rooms. I choose the practice room but I don’t take my violin with me. Instead, I’m sitting with my back to the door, playing the piano, just messing around to begin with, but a song comes to mind and my fingers begin to play the familiar notes unconsciously. Soon, I’m singing along, as loud as I can when I know no one is listening. Gin Wigmore’s words are flowing from my mouth, I’m in my own little world, and no one can take me back to reality.
“I’ll sing you a sweet song if you say to…”
The notes of These Roses fill the air, floating around me, drowning out everything, all my problems, all my worries, all my issues. I feel at home in the sound. That’s the beauty of music and why I love it, it gives the ability to disappear within something so beautiful that it seems to make everything wrong completely vanish. The music drowns out all sounds, encasing me in a bubble, that I don’t hear the final bell signaling the end of the day. I don’t hear the students as they walk past the door talking loudly with their friends, I don’t hear the door open, despite its loud squeak, and I certainly don’t hear the little gasp of surprise behind me. I only hear the music flowing from my fingertips.
“I got fight in these roses, and I still can’t be scared…”
Though, I do feel the breeze from the open door and I feel the temperature of the normally warm, stuffy room drop, and my hand stills above the keys before slamming down on a wrong chord.
Turning, I find Zephyr leaning against the doorframe, his eyes wide and his mouth gaping open. He’s surprised, he’s shocked … he’s freaking me out with the way he’s staring at me. The way he is staring at me, his eyes wide with a smile, does things to my body I wish I didn’t notice, I wish I could ignore, and I almost do. I want to hide from his intense stare, crouch behind the piano until he leaves, forgetting he ever saw me, but I know that is a lost hope.
“Don’t stop,” he whispers, lightly shaking his head.
I turn back to the piano keys, not even thinking about playing anymore. Zephyr is on my mind, in more ways than one, which doesn’t help this friendship. I’m just staring at the black and white keys, just trying to avoid his gaze that seems to stare into my soul. He wasn’t supposed to see me. He wasn’t supposed to hear me.
No one was supposed to hear me.
“When did you get here?” I ask quietly, dreading the answer. Taking a chance, I turn around to face him before asking, “How long have you been standing there?” Another answer I dread hearing.
“Long enough,” he answers, walking into the room and letting the door fall closed behind him. That wasn’t the answer I was expecting. “Keep playing, keep singing,” he begs me. “That was beautiful. Please.” I’ve never heard him beg before. “Please, please, please.”
I let out a tiny laugh, a nervous giggle. “I didn’t write it or anything, it’s Gin Wigmore,” I tell him, as if that makes any difference.
“I never knew you could sing,” he tells me, in praise, and I ignore him to grab my backpack leaning against the wall. The key to the practice room is lying on top of the piano and I grab it, sliding it around in my hand as I take it back to the substitute.
“I guess my showerhead isn’t the only thing I impress,” I mutter sarcastically, shooting a look to my best friend as he follows behind me. “Look, I can’t sing, Zeph,” I reply, handing the key over to the sub before she places it back onto the key ring. “That was me fooling around with a piano and an iPod. How long were you even there?” Don’t be long, don’t be long, please, don’t be long.
“A while,” he answers vaguely. “My class let out early so I thought I would wait for you outside your class and be your body guard against Harrison if you needed it.” He smiles at me and says, “I think you’ll need it.”
“Guess we should get going, then.”
We walk into the main hall, our arms occasionally bumping, sending warmth through me. What the hell, body? We join the large mass of students in attempts of exodus.
“I never knew you could play the piano,” he continues as if I still wanted to this embarrassing conversation. He follows closely on my right as we head to my locker at the other side of the school while I try to pretend I have no idea what he’s talking about, though he should know that one.
“Zeph, there’s one sitting in my living room,” I point out, knowing he’s seen the standing piano in my house. Hell, we used to play around on the thing annoying the crap out of my aunt when we were kids.
“I thought that was Aunt Hil’s,” he explains, his brows knit together.
I bark out a laugh. “No, it’s mine.” We make it to my locker and I spin the lock, using the combination, until it opens. “Aunt Hil has no idea how to play the piano,” I explain to him. I can’t even picture my aunt playing music of any kind unless it’s the radio. “I’ve had it for as long as I can remember, which you know isn’t too long. I think it belonged to my mother.” I shrug.
“Hey.” Ryder slides along the neighboring locker, smiling at me. This kid really doesn’t understand the concept of no. There are only so many times I can let him down.
I slam my locker shut after shoving all the books I need into my backpack, angered, almost infuriated. “Are you stalking me or something?” I blurt out, completely fed up with the sight of wanna-Bieber standing in front of me.
I notice Zephyr stiffen beside me.
“I’m not going to stop, I told you this.” That he did. Damn. He winks—actually winks—at me, like the creepy uncle your family tries to avoid during the holidays.
“This is bordering on sexual harassment, jackass.” I cross my arms over my chest. “Ryder, you need to just leave me alone. After the song and the poem you left on the whiteboard in my class—”
“What poem?” Zephyr cuts me off quickly, his hand up to separate me from Ryder.
“I’m sorry about the poem,” Ryder begins quietly, his eyes cast down in shame. I can’t tell if it’s real or rehearsed. “I honestly had no idea what it meant, I still don’t.” And he wants to date me without understanding the basics of Shakespeare? Strike two against him, if you ask me. “I suck at all the Shakespeare shit.”
Uncultured swine…
“That’s apparent,” I mutter under my breath.
“Just give me another chance,” he begs, jutting out his bottom lip in an exaggerated pout. Zephyr next to me lets out a snort. “Please.”
“Obviously, Harrison, you never had a chance with her to begin with,” Zephyr tells him, taking a protective step closer. He is taller than Ryder by at least three few inches and it shows when he stands up straight.
“I wasn’t talking to you, Kalivas.” His eyes fixed on mine over Zephyr’s shoulder.
Yeah, there was nothing creepy about that.
Ryder’s serious, I can tell. He’s bombarded me with song and dance, poetry, stalking, and bullying of my closest friend. If I don’t let him try and woo me—dear God—I might never be free of him until he graduates. Since he doesn’t understand Shakespeare, or basic words for that matter, who knows when that day might be.
But what about Zephyr? I can’t help but feel little tingles shoot through me when he turns his eyes to me, when he looks at me as if I am the only person in the room. He is my best friend, he knows me better than anyone does, and he doesn’t like Ryder. That’s very obvious as they stare each other down.
“Okay, okay.” I try my best to separate the two brutes before someone throws a punch that lands them suspended while the other spends the rest of the night with an ice pack pressed to their swelling eye. “Let’s all just calm down here.”
“I’m calm,” Ryder says with no conviction.
“Ditto,” Zephyr mutters.
As much as I’d love to believe that, the epic staring contest going on leaves little to be desired. 
Holy balls!
Now, does anyone understand why I feel the need to punch people? And these two, well, they deserve it most of all.
“If we hang out this afternoon,” I start, offering my only solution to prevent douchery. “And I mean this only time, this one time to hang out, not a date. We try to be friends, Ryder,” I tell him, emphasizing the word friends. “Will you leave me alone? Or, will you at least stop the creepy stalking and serenading me with Justin Bieber?” I ask, offering the only thing I had. My time.
“This afternoon?” Ryder asks with surprise and excitement. The way he’s smiling at me reminds me of a little kid in a candy store.
“Yeah,” I answer, adding a long, drawn out sigh to exaggerate my boredom.
Zephyr steps between us, severing their stare down. “We have practice, Harrison,” Zephyr tells him, catching the look on his teammates face.
“We’re allowed one skip,” Ryder tells him, his eyes still fixed on me.
“For emergencies,” Zephyr bites out harder, angrier, and I swear he’s foaming at the mouth.
Maybe I should just take back the invitation. I am immediately dreading it.
“I think this qualifies,” Ryder tells him. “Come on, then.” He holds out his hand for me, but I ignore it, choosing to follow him out of the building on my own.
“Jo, what are you thinking, here?” Zephyr whisper-asks as he follows us through the building, passing the dwindling crowd in the halls.
“What’s the worst that can happen?” I ask before Ryder tugs me along to his car, throwing his arm over my shoulder, leaving Zephyr behind to watch us leave. I shrug his arm from my shoulder before we even reach the student parking lot. Hopefully, this will be a good thing. Hopefully, this afternoon will bore him and he’ll move on to his next victim.
Fourteen
Ryder pulls his shiny BMW into the Family Fun Center off Highway 99. It was once Funtasia, but that was the last time I was there, many, many years ago. Now it’s just a redone arcade, the same games and mini golf course, same claw machine, same multi-colored ball pit and random water boat game in the back, it’s all the same Funtasia with a fresh coat of paint. But it’s definitely a sight for sore eyes. We get ten dollars, each, in change and try to defeat, crash, bomb, and kill each other in various video games.
Violence, the only way to a girl’s heart.
“I didn’t know you were the arcade type,” I say as my pixilated character tries to kill his with a roundhouse kick, the tiny figure flying through the screen dramatically until the foot connects with the opponent’s head sending that character soaring along the screen. Ah, I miss the old Mortal Kombat.
“Every guy is,” he mumbles with his focus on the game in front of us. “They just don’t admit it past a certain age,” says the guy still dressed as a wanna-Bieber. I really thought he would have changed after lunch. Those pants don’t really look all that comfortable.
No matter how hard I try, I can’t picture Ryder as a kid moving from game to game, trying to achieve the highest score. I wonder if he was ever lucky enough to enter his initials into the machines back in the day.
Zephyr was.
When we were eleven and his older brother didn’t know what to do with us, we practically lived in arcades. He was always happy when he earned the top spot after a lot of effort perfecting his moves and a lot of quarters, ZAK blinked permanently within the machines until someone new, maybe months or years in the future, would beat his score and replace him. His score wouldn’t last a week before I beat it. Some of the games still have JEA as one of the top three scores with ZAK at second place.
Those were the days.
I shouldn’t admit to knowing that but I get bored and venture to my old stomping grounds when the nostalgia strikes me. Although, this place I nearly forget about until I drive by it.
“And you’re comfortable enough to tell me about it?” I ask as his character makes a great hit to mine, its knife slicing through my character’s upper body, large drops of blood flying before they disappear. The move knocks me down a life.
He turns his grin to me. “I’m still wearing harem pants that sparkle, Joey,” he starts. “I’m definitely comfortable admitting I frequent arcades.” His character dies after mine spits—or projectile vomits—green acid in its face.
I cheer and do a happy dance, embarrassing myself, but getting him to laugh. There’s barely anyone in the large game machine filled room, only a few young kids with their parents, older siblings, or babysitters, a few kids in their teens, us, and the workers paid to be bored. That’s about it.
“I feel a little too old to be here,” I tell Ryder as we move onto a different game on the other side of the room.
There is just something a little wrong about standing in a room filled with small children when you are in your late teens.
“Ignore the feeling,” he tells me as he slips his quarters into the game. “It doesn’t matter. Anyway, this shit is still fun for the typical sixteen-year-old.”
He makes a good point. Holy balls, did I just compliment Ryder Harrison?
“Whatever you say,” I reply with a giggle as we begin to race each other in one of the car racing games. He wins by running me off the road early on. I always sucked at the car games, Zephyr kicked my ass every time because I somehow always got stuck behind a cow. Ryder and I play another round.
“If this is any indication,” he starts, turning the wheel furiously around a virtual turn. “I am never getting in a car with you in the driver’s seat.”
“I’m not a bad driver,” I tell him, watching my car teeter on one side, only two wheels touching the pixilated road.
From his snort I can tell he doesn’t believe me. He’ll never trust me drive him anywhere. Like I’d ever get the chance. Or want it for that matter. This relationship—whatever the technical term for what we are may be—is short term. Nothing will become of us hanging around at an arcade. I need to make sure of it.
But I do like the way he looks at me.
Damn, stop it!
I think it’s just the attention-seeker in me.
“I wonder if we could get into Chuck E. Cheese?” he asks as he tries to sideswipe my pink car. Yep, I picked the pink car. He zooms past me, leaving my car in a pixilated cloud of swarming dust.
“That’s where I draw the line, buddy.”
“It wouldn’t be weird or anything,” he says as his car crosses the finish line. Black-and-white checkered flags shoot from the sides of his screen, WINNER flashing along his screen while I get LOSER.
“Yes it would. That mouse freaks me out,” I complain, remembering the one birthday party I had there because Hilary thought I’d like it. Boy, was she wrong. I cowered behind Zephyr every time the mouse tried to hug me, and don’t get me started on his mechanical counterpart in the robot band that stands on the stage. Their eyes follow you everywhere you go. “It’s creepy.”
“It’s mechanical,” Ryder defends, hiding his smirk.
“And I’ve seen Maximum Overdrive,” I counter with my arms crossed.
Confusion quirks his face. “What’s that?” Ryder asks. I almost tell him he’s lucky that he hasn’t seen it.
“Stephen King short story turned horrible, horrible movie?” I ask sarcastically, not everyone has seen it. It’s one of those movies I wasn’t supposed to watch at ten-years-old but the curiosity got the better of me. I stole it and watched it in my room when Hilary went to bed one night. “Emilio Estevez? Mechanical things taking revenge on the public? Swarm of angry trucks, one with a creepy devil face-thing on the front? Nothing?”
“Maybe I’ll watch it some time,” he offers, as if I would care if he watched a movie I liked let alone a movie I thought was ridiculous, pathetic, and so not worth my time.
“I wouldn’t bother,” I tell him as I scope the room for a different game. The thrill of this place is already fading. Maybe we should hit a claw machine next. “It’s kind of bad.” That is the understatement of the hour.
“I’m not sure if I should be intrigued…” he trails off, looking to me with a mixture of confusion and curiosity on his face.
I wave my hand through the air as I make my way toward the nearest claw machine to peek inside, scoping out the goods. “Don’t be intrigued; just stick to whatever movies you like.” As I peek through the dirtied plastic window of the machine smudged with a decade’s worth of finger prints, I spot those reject stuffed animals no one really wants. The ones missing limbs or are low on stuffing to where they look deflated or some of the sides aren’t sewn correctly. I move on, wandering through the room, already bored. Ryder follows me and I start to wonder about what his interests are. “What types of movies do you watch?” If this friendship were to work, we would need some common interests.
“I’m a big comedy fan,” he tells me, pride filling in his voice. I like comedy… sometimes. “I watch anything with Will Ferrell or Sacha Baron Cohen.” Now he’s lost me. “What about you?”
I am not that big of a comedy fan. I have to be in the mood. “Uh, a little of this, a little of that, you know.” I’m into everything, really, except zombies. I don’t do zombies. Except Fido. I love that movie. “What about books?” I ask, swiping my hand through the dusty side of a game machine.
“I’m not really a big reader.” Of course you’re not. “If a book sounds interesting, I’ll just look for the movie or wait until the movie comes out.” I have to fight the urge not to facepalm. “You like to read?” he asks me.
“I love it,” I tell him with enthusiasm. “You should see my book collection.” It takes up a lot of space. “It’s a great escape,” I tell him, loving how I lose myself within the pages of a book. How has he not experienced that? How does he not want to experience that?
“I guess I just don’t have time for that stuff,” he mutters with annoyance. How can anyone not have time for reading? I make time for it. “I used to be big into comic books as a kid but that’s as literary as I get.” That’s so not the same for me. Like, not even close.
“Oh, comics.” But I don’t tell him that, I leave my real thoughts hidden because now I see how little we have in common. I don’t see this moving beyond friends.
“Yeah, I’d always get the new Batman and Superman when they came out.” I force a wide smile on my face as he continues to speak. “I drove my parents insane. Do you like comic books?” He stops to look at me, hope in his eyes.
Time for that honesty I love to use. “Not so much.” I walk toward another game, anything to move this conversation along.
“You don’t know what you’re missing,” he says behind me. I do know what I’m missing.
We find ourselves in the dreaded awkward silence—that lull in the conversation that seems to grow larger and deeper the longer you stay in it. I try and search for some common interest between us, one that can make this friendship or, whatever it is, worth it.
“What about music?” I ask. Music is a good topic; everyone loves music.
“I like music.” Bingo!
“That’s great,” I exclaim loudly. “Like what? What do you like to listen to?”
“Well, I guess that I kind of lied.” Crap! “I mean, I like music, but I only listen to what’s playing around me.”
Lord, give me strength.
“Uh, what?” I ask, turning to face him. I tuck my hair behind my ear as I knit my brows in confusion. He can’t mean he only listens to the radio? That would be absurd and boring. And they only play the same ten songs over and over—it’s annoying. No… he has to have some music taste specifically for him. Some guilty pleasure. Anything.
“Like, whatever’s on the radio, you know?” Crap-squared! No I don’t know. “Whatever my sister would play in the house, whatever my parents were listening to.” And I have officially lost interest in Ryder. “All those songs I sang to you my sister told me about. She’s the big music person in the family; she got into Juilliard two years ago.”
I remember that, it was a big deal around school when I was a freshman. She played the flute or something.
Now I’d like to go home. I want to go home and I hope Ryder just leaves me alone now that I know none of this—nothing—will ever work out between us—not that I had any hopes. He doesn’t like music, reading, decent movies, he doesn’t even ask me what I really like, that alone I have a problem with, but I gave him a chance.
“Uh…” I start out, trying to think of a way to convince him to take me home, when I look up at him and see he’s staring at me. “What?” I ask cautiously, swiping at my cheek in case there’s something crawling on me I can’t feel—it happens.
He takes a step closer to me, and another, and another, until he is so close I can feel his heartbeat pounding from his chest, I can hear it like a distant drum, and there is something tender and sweet about it. It’s intimate, the feeling of being this close to someone. It’s… weird.
“I’m just here with the most beautiful girl I’ve ever met,” Ryder tells me, his blonde curls falling into his eyes as he looks down to me. His ocean blue eyes pierce through me but, sadly, they are not what I want. They are not the familiar warm chocolate gaze that renders me speechless and fills me with glee with just one glance.
Ryder doesn’t know anything about me, he doesn’t want to get to know me, he just compliments me, and how can I argue with that? I can’t argue with that when I just want him to continue to look at me as if I’m a dessert he wants to devour. Before I can think clearly, Ryder backs away and takes my hand, leading me to his car.
“I’m taking you home before I do something I’ll regret,” he tells me before he closes the door for me.
“That’s a good thing,” I mutter to myself when he’s walking around the car. I had the same thought.
“We need to do this again,” he says when he pulls into my empty driveway, my aunt already at work.
For once, I agreed with him. We did.
He wasn’t as bad as I originally pegged him to be.
After his football practices, we hung out. We studied together and I helped him bring his grades up, we saw a few movies, we went to local restaurants trying to pathetically pass themselves off as diners—we were growing into genuine friends. Who coulda thunk it? I never saw the moment arrive when I would call Ryder Harrison my friend. It was odd and weird—very weird. He even sat with me at lunch, no matter how annoyed and openly mocking Harley got or how wide and toothy Kennie’s smile grew; he didn’t seem to go anywhere other than wherever I was.
It was like that for a good two weeks.
Then it all went to hell courtesy of my best friend.
Zephyr wasn’t too happy about it—none of it. He avoided the topic, aggressively, when Jamie brought it up on the way to school in the mornings. Sometimes even throwing a hissy fit perfect for a toddler on a sugar high.
“You’ve been awful cozy with Ryder Harrison lately,” Jamie began conspicuously one day on the way to school, trying her best to gather the latest gossip directly from the main source: Me. I guess her usual sources are dry in new information. Ryder and I have been keeping things quiet. Well, at least I have. “What’s going on there?”
“Nothing much,” I answer truthfully. What can I say other than, We’re friends unless you know something more than I do, and you shouldn’t know more than I do. But I missed my chance to let that slip from my lips.
“That’s a lie if I ever heard one, little missy,” she started, trying to be coy and innocent but completely failing. She peeked in the rearview mirror and tried to fix her hair. How we haven’t been hit by a car because of her distractedness, I’ll never know. “There is something going on,” Jamie presses, flipping the mirror down in front of her to check her makeup as we sit at a traffic light. At least she stopped this time.
She pulls into the school parking lot, taking her usual parking space near the front of the school, prime territory for all the students with cars.
“God, why are you pressing it, Jamie?” Zephyr bursts abruptly from the back seat. My body lurches from the shock of his loud, angry voice booming in the minimal silence surrounding us. He doesn’t get angry that easily.
Not batting an eye, because she’s used to her little brother, Jamie asks him, “Who lit the fuse on your tampon this morning?” I would’ve laughed had I not been wondering the same thing.
“Forget it,” he mumbles as he slides from the car before she even fully stops to park. He slams the door shut, rocking the car, and stomps to school, not even waiting for me to catch up—like normal—to ask him what is wrong. I’m not used to my friend being so angry without talking to me. That means I’m the problem… but I haven’t done anything.
For the rest of the day, he avoided me. He even skipped AP Euro. As if I wouldn’t notice the empty seat next to me. At the end of class, after I spent the entire fifty-five minutes thinking he’d just pop into the room with a late pass from the nurse’s office or something, I decided I wouldn’t worry too much about it; he wasn’t my problem.
Even though he felt like my problem.
Scratch that, he’s my best friend—the boy has always been my problem.
Fifteen
At the start of October, aside from the gorgeous sight of the changing leaves and wonderful scents of autumn filling the air, the Homecoming signs started popping up all over the building. They were plastered to the walls, covering the walls, strung along lockers, some even in the bathrooms. It was a bit ridiculous what they were doing for advertising. Professionals should really take notes from high school students. If I saw this amount of advertising for movies, maybe I’d see a few out of annoyance. Most of the Homecoming posters were hand painted by the girls of the cheerleading squad and student council—no boys were trusted simply for the reason of their stereotypical awful handwriting. Some of them fit the stereotype perfectly. Some posters were done professionally to promote and better incorporate this year’s theme: A Night Beneath the Stars. Oddly, and pathetically, enough, that was the theme last year, if I remember the old posters from last year correctly.
I didn’t go to the dance last year. I don’t do dances to begin with. Something about them just seems pretentious and overdone. If I want to, say, bust a move, I’ll happily do it in the safety of my bedroom with the blinds drawn and the perfect music. Just for further information, I never have the need.
Kennie had been on a cloud since the temperature started to drop. She knew that Homecoming was around the corner and she couldn’t wait to dress shop. And by dress shop, I mean kidnap Harley and me and take us to the mall to watch her try on every single dress in the store until she chooses a blue one, because she always chooses a blue one.
“I can’t wait,” Kennie announces in her high-pitched squeal, the one she uses when she’s very excited. She slides into the seat across from me, a large smile on her face. It’s now common knowledge that the seat next to me is reserved for Ryder. How that became common knowledge, I’ll never know or understand. He started spending lunch with me the day after the afternoon we spent at the arcade. Once he realized I liked apples, he started bringing me one daily.
Kennie looks expectantly from Harley to me, waiting for one of us to do something, say something. She wants us to ask.
“For what?” Harley finally, sarcastically, asks in monotone when she realizes what Kennie’s waiting for. She angrily tears apart her sandwich, letting the pieces fall onto the Ziploc bag she packed it in. “Alexia Cavanaugh to wear another plastic crown while she quotes Lindsay Lohan’s speech from the end of Mean Girls? Again?” With a roll of her brown eyes, she looks to me, silently pleading. “Not that I’d know anything about that.” From what I’ve heard, that is pretty accurate.
What can I do? I want to ask her. Instead, I shrug. What does she expect? She’s dealing with Kennie Strait, here.
“Homecoming is awesome, Harley,” Kennie begins, as expected, with a faraway look on her face as memories flood through her mind. I bet that she’s remembering all the dances of her past. All the good times she has had, all the times she has been nominated for Princess only to receive first runner up, all of her past dates—usually Duke. As quickly as I saw it, it’s gone. “Just because you’re too bitter to appreciate it—”
“What is there to appreciate?” Harley snaps angrily. “The paper streamers, the half-assed decorations, and the way everyone seems to be nice to everyone they’ve hated before this one little moment?” Her hand runs through her hair, the way she does when she’s stressed or annoyed, pulling her brown hair back only for it to flop back into her face, covering her eyes. “At least this year we have an awesome color and hall.” She’s referring to the Class Color tradition, the juniors wear black, the easiest to do, and the hall that’s decorated and designated The Junior Hall during this one week is the first hall that you see when you walk into the building, but the second one you’re most likely to walk down for any reason. “We still have a crappy theme, like every year.”
“I will admit,” Kennie begins, her hands straightening the gray t-shirt she’s wearing. “That our class themes haven’t been that great in the past.” The themes chosen for every class usually have nothing to do with the theme of the dance; they are only meant for the Spirit Week leading up to the big game. Freshman year, the overall theme was Disney movies, my class was stuck with Toy Story, sophomore year we had movie genres—a big step up, huh?—and my class was stuck with action movies. This year, we have seasons as our school theme and the junior class has winter, which means all the girls who want to dress up and show some leg or whatever have to cover up if they want to properly represent winter. The upside: I don’t have to endure the sight of the girls of my class walking around like prostitutes or something. Oh, and our hall will be a winter wonderland. That will be awesome! “But Homecoming is still fun,” Kennie presses, hoping to sway Harley.
“Says the peppy, perky cheerleader,” I add, watching their heads snap in my direction, as if they forgot I was there—sitting across from them as they had their little debate about nothing important.
“And the rugged, manly football player,” I hear behind me. Harley and Kennie snicker like schoolgirls while Ryder throws a leg over the bench, taking his usual seat next to me, his jean-clad thigh touching mine. He does that on purpose, I know. He wants to be closer to me than I want him to be. “Did I mention how handsome this football player is?” He angles his face to accentuate his features. I laugh at his idiocy.
“Hey,” I greet, perkily pepping up, trying to take on Kennie’s happy-go-lucky persona. It doesn’t really work on me. “What brings you to our neck of the woods?” I ask while already knowing he would love to get a shot at my own neck. Maybe with his lips.
Oy.
“The scent of Homecoming’s in the air,” he states, handing me an apple from his lunch, his fingers lightly brushing against mine. I can’t help but take the moment to examine him as he smiles to me in his dark jeans, black t-shirt, and decorated letterman’s jacket. His blonde curls fall into his eyes as he looks to me, his normally cocky smirk tugging on his lips.
I can see why the girls tend to fancy him—I’m just not one of them. 
But I do love the attention. I can’t deny that.
I smile, my silent way of thanking him for the fruit. “Do you smell alcohol, shame, and bad decisions, too?” Harley snorts. I take a bite from the apple, feeling the juice run down my chin. I try to stop it with the back of my hand while Harley tosses me a napkin from her rumpled brown bag.
“Not what I meant,” Ryder begins as he unwraps a large sub sandwich almost as big as my head, definitely not one of those Five Dollar Foot-longs from Subway—now I have that stupid jingle stuck in my head. “I was just thinking that with Homecoming around the corner, it’d be nice to go with someone I find…” he trails off, pausing for dramatic effect or some sappy crap like that. “Adorable,” he finishes, throwing a look to me.
No one in his or her right mind thinks I am adorable.
I’ve never been the adorable type.
Time to have fun with this.
“I know just the girl,” I start, taking the time to swallow another bite. “Kennie’s available for rent, though she’s pretty pricey, aren’t you, dear?”
Her attention shifts to me, her blonde ponytail swinging over her right shoulder. Is she surprised? “I already asked Duke, honey.” And the girl recovers quickly. I roll my eyes. Can she really not play along here?
I shrug my shoulders, not bothering to look at Ryder, and say, to my apple, “You were too late, Ryder.” I push the sadness in my voice, hoping it’s convincing. “Maybe next year, yeah?”
He lets out a chuckle, low and throaty as he runs hand through his blonde curls. They fall back into place. “I was thinking someone more brunette and bitter,” he tells his sandwich just as I spoke to my apple. “Not blonde and bubbly.”
“You think I’m bubbly?” Kennie asks with a wide smile, as if all of her hard work was beginning to pay off. She loves compliments, especially when they’re directed to her perky personality.
“Harley’s the bitter one.” I point at my friend with a pink painted nail. The color, though I like it, was a spur of the moment choice last night. I couldn’t sleep so I gave myself a manicure and couldn’t find the green polish.
Honestly, Harley is the bitter one out of the two of us. I know it’s hard to believe, what with her winning personality and my quick sarcastic comments and threats directed toward punching someone in the throat—usually Ryder, but I am more the demented one.
Harley looks to Kennie, tucking her hair behind her ears, her brown eyes narrowed after she rolls them. “Why does she talk like I’m not even here?”
Kennie shrugs her shoulders.
“What about sexy and cynical?” Not quit alliteration but I’ll give him an A for effort. “Cute and curly,” he continues, more stupid than the last. “Or marvelous and misanthropic?” Marvelous? That makes me sound like a cross between Liberace and Leatherface—ha! I can do alliteration, too—from Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
“Someone’s been studying for their SATs,” I observe.
“Joey?” The humor has left his voice, Ryder sounds serious, and he wants to talk to me. Damn. I see, from the corner of my eye, his body shift and turn to face me. Harley and Kennie exchange curious glances, and I can tell they won’t leave without witnessing whatever is about to happen. Double damn.
I sigh, loudly and rudely. I don’t want to have whatever conversation we are about to have. Can we please just rewind a few minutes, you know, before the talk of Homecoming started, and take off on a new path. Maybe one about homework, perhaps?
“What?” I ask, reluctantly, looking to him as he smiles shyly.
“I’m trying to ask you to Homecoming.”
I look into his blue eyes, seeing my reflection. He is that close to me.
Without embarrassing me and making a big spectacle out of it with the help of the latest in dorky pop songs, I almost blurt out. That’s very surprising, dude.
Yep, I don’t want to have this conversation now or anytime in the near or distant future.
“And I’m trying to deflect,” I tell him honestly.
“You don’t want to go—”
I try and interrupt him, try and make him stop talking, with the truthful explanation of, “In my past two years of high school, I’ve never wanted to go to a dance.”
“—with me?” he finishes, sadness crossing his face, trying to make me feel guilty. I can’t tell if it’s forced or if he is actually sad. Probably both.
I release another sigh, I feel like I belong on the CW or something. “It’s not you, Ryder,” I tell him. Harley and Kennie are still watching us both like hawks. “I just don’t dance.” Honestly, I have no rhythm—I’m whiter than white bread—what little African-American in me—and there isn’t a lot if you look at me—has no groove thang. And what makes it worse; my mother was a dancer. I’m named after Josephine Baker, for crying out loud. How have I not inherited anything? “I hate dances. I avoid them at all costs. Just ask them.” I point to our audience.
He briefly looks to my friends, their eyes wide as they watch the train wreck before them. Thanks, guys, I almost say sarcastically, such a big help, you both are.
“I wouldn’t know anything about it,” Harley starts, trying to defend, but failing as a sadness fills her eyes, a sadness I haven’t seen before. “I’ve never been to one either.” She’s like me, avoiding all school functions with such gusto; it’s an art.
“She avoids anything school spirit related, Ryder,” Kennie—the cheerleader and junior class representative—tries to explain, though she never understood it herself. She always told me, in that light and musical voice of hers, high school was supposed to be fun and eventful, she understood why I would want to hide out and become invisible, with as much as she has heard about me, she just didn’t support it, and my decision for invisibility, most of the time. “What makes you think she would attend the biggest dance of the year?”
From his look—the raised eyebrow over his left eye—I can tell he doesn’t get it, he’s confused by something someone said.
“I usually spend that night on my couch with a pint of Ben and Jerry’s Chunky Monkey and all versions of Carrie.” I did the last two years, and let me tell you, it was so much fun. If you can’t tell the sarcastic nature by which I mean that last statement, I truly apologize for your ignorance.
“Forget your aunt.” Harley releases a loud snort, trying to contain her laughter and prevent her Pepsi from shooting through her nose like a geyser. “Spend the night with me.” His sly smile, the one I want to punch him for, crosses his lips—I still want to punch it. “Dancing,” he quickly clarifies. “Spend the night, with me, dancing.”
I roll my eyes and look to the nearest garbage can, tossing the now-browning apple core. It soars right in. “Think about what you just said, dude.” I hope he makes the connection. I hope he sees his mistake. “And figure out why my answer is still no, ‘kay?” With that, I slide away from him, seeking the space he doesn’t allow me to have when he is near, and climb over the bench, walking away from the table.
“What did I say wrong, now?” Ryder asks Kennie, loud enough for me to hear him as I’m walking away, heading anywhere in the school where Ryder isn’t.
Sixteen
I went through the rest of my day pretending there wasn’t a person out there—a popular senior who could have his pick of any girl in the school. Hell, even the state—who wanted to go to Homecoming with me. Me. But it was very hard to ignore, especially since it was the main thing on my brain, no matter how many times I tried to push aside for things more important, like schoolwork.
But it was hard to do when the main focus of most conversations was the dance.
There were girls in American Sign Language talking, not signing, about dresses when they should have been signing, not talking, about books and reading habits. There were people in AP English talking about creative ways to ask their girlfriends to the dance, a big extravagant gesture that would get the girl’s attention, when we should have been reading, analyzing, or finishing our papers about Beowulf; they’re due at the end of next week. There were large posters in the hall covered with white and yellow dots meant to represent stars, there were people dressed as fairies, either from the Tinkerbell world or of their own creation, handing out floral scented flyers that sparkled when angled in the light, advertising the dance.
Homecoming, I hated to admit, was everywhere and I couldn’t escape.
In orchestra, I didn’t even get a break. Every year, the Chamber Orchestra had to play through the announcement of Homecoming court, so we practiced, of all things, Pachelbel’s Canon in D, the most annoying piece of music ever composed. After practicing the piece three times, because the violas had issues, I finally got the break I was looking for, because the first Canon in D is so easy, I learned it in the fifth grade, we start working on our actual competition pieces.
Last week, Miss Pearl gave us Fantasia Espanola and Palladio. We started practicing, easy enough, right? Not according to my obnoxious excuse for a stand partner.
“That was great, class,” Miss Pearl, a huge fan of positive thinking and positive reinforcement, calls from the front of the room, her baton still bouncing from what little music remains in her head, a smile on her face. “I’ll see all of you tomorrow, same time.”
Like that, class was dismissed to reset the room, to put away the stands and chairs, take the loan instruments back to their respective places.
“How can she say it was great?” Max Hawthorne, my stand partner since last year, instantly complains. His voice is like nails running down a chalkboard, and he still hates me for being third chair first violin while he is stuck in fourth. He removes the shoulder rest from his violin with an angry yank. This would start The Rant that he is famous for spewing. “The seconds were off by a beat, the cellos we just wrong”—because he can’t think of a valid reason to complain about the cellists—“don’t get me started on Missy and that thing she claims is a double bass.”
What, I wanted to ask sarcastically just to fuel the fire, no complaints about the violas? But that would only make things worse. From the sound of it, he was already headed toward a fight with the girl dumb enough to date him, Missy, our only bassist.
“Max, it was a good practice,” I defend, zipping up my case and setting it beside my chair as I watch him take the stand, bending it back aggressively, to the back of the room where the storage room is.
It was not the greatest practice we could have, but it wasn’t bad, we’ve had worse.
There were only two orchestras in the school, Concert and Chamber. Chamber is the better of the two, award winning, Concert was for those who wanted the extracurricular credit but didn’t really care about music or those who need to practice and perfect their skill more before Miss Pearl will move them up to Chamber. Basically, orchestra doesn’t have its own set room. Chamber shares with the choirs and concert shares with the bands.
“Amateurs,” Max whispers with exasperation while Missy stands near the door, waiting for him. “I’m surrounded by amateurs.”
It is times like these I want to punch him.
Scratch that, I want to punch him, kick him, and shove him into a damn locker, all the time.
I place my violin in the storage room and leave before Max can attack Missy’s playing during Fantasia. I head toward my locker, spotting Zephyr at his as he unloads his books from his backpack.
I stop before I almost pass him, and lean against the neighboring locker. “Hey,” I start, not sure if he even wants to talk to me. I haven’t really said more than three words to him for a few weeks. I miss my best friend. “Long time, no see,” I say quietly, nervously tucking a curl behind my ear.
His chocolate eyes focus on the books in his locker. Zephyr won’t look at me. “You saw me this morning,” he says speaking to something in his locker. While he’s right, I did see him this morning, I was too busy—I woke up late—trying to get everything together before I left for school
Even when we got to school, he skipped out on AP Euro—again. He has been doing that a lot lately.
“Well, that wasn’t in AP Euro, so…” I trail off, diverting my attention from him to anything else in the hallway, whether it’s a freshman walking past with his nose in a book or the closing door of the teacher’s lounge.
Zephyr releases a long, drawn out sigh, as if he’s a deflating balloon, as if he’d been avoiding this exact conversation for a while. He still won’t look at me. When did I become invisible to him? “Here we go,” he murmurs, grabbing one more book and shoving it into his checkered Dakine backpack. He still won’t look at me.
My eyes narrow, annoyed. “What is that supposed to mean?” I ask, tentatively. I wish some part of me were strong enough to yell at him for this sudden cruelty, but I only have questions. Lots and lots of questions.
He slams his locker shut, the sound unexpected and jolting me back. My steps stammer as I try not to look shocked. “My life doesn’t revolve around you, Joey,” He tells me, loudly, catching the attention of several people walking past. Several eyes shoot nervous and concerned glances are way; others don’t care. We are just another fixture to them.
“I never said—” I start, too scared to continue. His eyes, the look on his face, it all terrifies me. He can’t shove me away, not now. “I never said that it did, Zephyr, I never said your life had to revolve around mine.”
“No, you just imply it.” His hand runs through his hair, pulling it away from his face. “I have better things to do than to follow you around like your little lost puppy, Joey.” His voice is like fingernails going down a chalkboard. The sound sending my body into shock. “I’m not your lackey.”
My mouth opens but no words escape. I don’t understand this. I want to ask him why he is saying these things, but the anger is building, growing inside me. The anger is flowing through me, heating me, and I am about ready to explode. I can’t take anything else. Not right now.
Where the hell is this coming from? I want to know.
“What—I—what?” I stammer, perplexed. My hands clench into fists at my sides as I try to avoid looking at him, but it is no use, I can’t help but look at him—my best friend.
I thought.
“This is just something I’ve needed to say, Joey,” he tells me, the fight still in his voice. “For a while.”
“You’ve never needed to say anything like this to me before,” I say quietly, my hands unclenching to grip the strap on my backpack, my knuckles turning a bright white. The urge to cry hits me like a bag of rocks, but I don’t want to cry. I don’t want to give Zephyr the satisfaction of seeing me vulnerable.
“Oh.” Zephyr leans closer, eyeing me. “Did I hurt your feelings?” he asks, mockingly. “You look like you’re going to cry now, are you?”
Who is this person? This can’t be the boy who went out of his way to make me feel accepted, this isn’t the boy who would camp out in my living room, this definitely is not the boy who would trade his Oreos with me for the horrible oatmeal raisin cookies the school would give me. This isn’t my Zephyr.
I don’t want to look at him, I don’t want him to take my attention, but I do. Against my better judgment, I look up to him. The look on his face is one I’ve never seen before. His face, I can only describe, has turned to hard angles, jagged and abstract, different from the soft, smooth curves and graceful lines that show him smiling and happy.
This Zephyr is angry and sneering at me.
This Zephyr I don’t know.
“Fuck you,” I tell him in a light whisper I almost couldn’t release. Turning, I leave him where he stands, I leave him and I don’t plan to return.
I didn’t ride home with Jamie that day or to school the next day. It would have been too difficult, seeing Zephyr. I basically avoid him at all costs—in the halls, at home—I even considered switching seats in AP Euro but he beat me to it.
As I walked into the classroom, debating in my head what to tell Mr. Cheney without attributing it to a typical lover’s quarrel, but Zephyr was sitting next to Greg Thyme, avoiding me as I stood in the front of the room with my mouth agape in shock.
Ryder was happy to be my ride to and from school. He was just happy to be near me at all. He claimed that he was my rock, that he was holding me up when it seemed my world was crumbling.
Whatever.
That’s when the handholding started.
“What are you doing?” I ask him after his hand slips into mine, his fingers intertwining with mine, lacing together.
“What does it look like?” he asks, a playful smile tugging at his lips while he walks me to my next class, passing the gaping faces, one of them Zephyr’s at his locker.
His eyes fall to our hands clasped together, and I take the moment to lean into Ryder—better to show Zephyr I’ve moved on. He turns back to Jackson, ignoring us all together.
Quickly, I pull away from Ryder, hoping he doesn’t notice.
I look to our hands joined together, temporarily locking him to my side. “I’d say we were about to play Red Rover but I don’t see a challenging line of people ready to charge us.” I make a show of looking for someone, anyone, ready to play the childhood game I used to love.
“This this isn’t Red Rover.” He explains with a slow chuckle, before leaving me at my class with a kiss on the cheek.
That is when he started kissing me on the cheek.
After pressure from the girl I am starting to question my friendship with, Kennie, I eventually agreed with Ryder’s invitation to Homecoming. I did it, mostly, for two reasons: (1) I was genuinely terrified I would be forced into another pop music medley in the lunchroom. A third time and Ryder wouldn’t be walking out of that cafeteria without the help of trained medical professionals. And (2) I knew how much it would piss Zephyr off. Okay, the latter was the main reason why.
After I said yes to Ryder, Zephyr seemed to know. He seemed to look at me like he knew. At least, that was when he would show up to class and actually look at me. He skipped AP Euro more often than not, only showing up to class on the day of the weekly quizzes. Quizzes, I’m sure he failed for not being in class during the week.
I remember, back in the start of class, I told him I’d always help him whenever he needed it, but I refuse to reach out my hand until he apologizes to me.
That is the least he can do.
Damn! Why do I still care about his grade? Why do I still care about him?
Seventeen
Tired of my absence from her life, Jamie called me, told me to get dressed, and not to forget comfortable shoes. Okay…? The only thing I could do in my sleep-deprived state, since it was seven in the morning on a Saturday when she called, was just comply. Next thing I know, I am sitting in her car as she speeds toward Alderwood Mall to scour the popular stores for a Homecoming dress. Since she knows I am going to the dance—my date has a bigger mouth than a pie eater going back for seconds—with a date for the first time, like, ever, she wanted to take me with her.
“What’s going on between you and my brother?” she asks as she slides a few dresses along the rack, eyeing two, checking the sizes, and scrunching up her nose when she notices something she doesn’t like. It’s typical Jamie.
I had been waiting for this question since she started the car. Actually, since my phone rang and I saw her picture pop up on my screen, but I really don’t want to talk about Zephyr, not today.
So—like always—I’ll deflect.
“Is Aidan home?” I ask, my hands trailing along a few dresses feeling the fabric slide along my fingertips. I could never picture myself wearing any of these. The thought of me just walking around in so much fluff and tulle is laughable—hysterical even. So I just push away the thought and turn back to my friend.
“Not that brother,” Jamie says, referencing her older brother who lives on the East Coast at New York University grad school to be … something. Something I have yet to decipher when he visits. There are a lot of big words I have no mental pictures for—that’s saying something—and I usually tune him out when he starts talking about his classes. Jamie ducks behind a rack, looking for something. “Zephyr,” she states, distracted.
Like she really needs to clarify.
Just the sound of his name puts a sour taste in my mouth.
“That’s something you need to ask him.” I speak to the dress in front of me, tucking my hair behind ears, feeling the curls tickle the back of my neck. “Because, to be completely honest, I have no clue.”
“What kind of relationship do you think we have; me and Zephyr?” Jamie asks as she lifts a hanger holding a short hot pink dress with sequins, it’s a one-shouldered monstrosity. We both laugh at it before she replaces it on the rack. “You know he won’t talk to me.” She grabs a different dress and holds it up to see how it looks against the dark tones of her flawless skin. “He’s acting … weird.”
I shrug my shoulders even though she can’t see me. She is too busy looking in the nearest mirror, focusing on her looks and fixing the smudged line beneath her right eye. “I can’t explain that,” I mutter.
“What about this one?” she asks once she has taken her attention away from the mirror. Her manicured hands hold yet another dress, a green floor length gown that looks too sophisticated for a high school dance. She doesn’t want to hear that though.
“That would look great on you,” I tell her. It honestly would. She always looks beautiful in green. Jamie should really wear the color more often.
“You really think so?” she asks, not caring about my real opinion—although I’m telling the truth—I’m also telling her what she wants to hear. “I think I’d look like a tree.”
“Has he said anything?” I ask, moving back to our original discussion, ignoring the gowns before me. “You know, about me?” I press, not knowing what I hope the answer to be.
Well, I do know.
I want him to feel guilt for what he said to me that day at his locker. I want him to long for the best friend he pushed away. I want him to want me—but why? Why would I possibly want that from my best friend?
The thought of him near me is enough to make my stomach flutter with butterflies—no, pterodactyls. I can feel their wings flapping ferociously whenever I walk past him in the halls, whenever I feel his eyes on me in class, whenever I’m able to breathe the same air. I don’t feel anything like that around Ryder. Thank God.
I take a deep breath to calm the feelings raging.
“He hasn’t been speaking much,” she tells me, distracted by the next dress she grabs, the one that matches the color of her hair. “Which is weird. You know Zephyr; he usually has something to say about everything.” That’s the best friend I know, opinionated. “He misses you, though. I can tell that much. He’s sad in the mornings when we should be with you.”
Zephyr? Sad?
That’s an interesting thing to think about.
“He knows where to find me if he wants to apologize for being an ass.” Again, I don’t add. I mean, he can apologize, metaphorically kiss my ass, worship at my feet, wash the windows of my house. He can do anything he feels he needs to do to make things right between us. Anything would be wonderful.
She doesn’t move but to tug her long hair from over one shoulder to the other, her lined eyes widening when she spots this long black, gold-fringed fabric. “You have to try this one,” Jamie announces, launching the black mass into my hands from where she stands. “This would look so cute on you,” she tells me as she pushes me toward the nearest dressing room, pretty much fighting me.
I hold the dress out to get a better look at it. It’s floor length, black, with a beaded gold trim, and one shoulder. It would, it looks like, cover all of my scars. With closer inspection, I see it’s a Greek styled dress. Kind of cool and I’d be comfortable wearing it, being that it doesn’t show that much skin.
“Don’t you think that, out of the two of us, the actual Greek person should wear this dress?” I ask her before she shoves me into the room with so much force I careen toward the wall. I’m surprised I don’t make contact.
“But it would look so much better on you,” Jamie sing-songs through the door. “Ryder could get a matching tie and cummerbund,” she adds.
“What the hell is a cummerbund?” I ask through the door, still staring at the dress as it hangs along the back of the door.
“My God, Joey, you’re the genius out of the two of us and you don’t know?” I hear a giggle. “Don’t worry about that.” I can picture Jamie waving a hand through the air, dismissing the conversation. “Just try it on.” And shut up about it.
So I do. I look at the dress hanging beautifully. I will say that, it’s really gorgeous—I just don’t think I can pull it off, I don’t think it’ll look great on me. I strip from my normal jeans and a t-shirt; both dark colored, and slip into the dress. I spin in front of the mirror, checking out the reflection, tying up my hair so I can see my back, or see how much of my back is covered. The one thing I don’t like about it: I would have to figure out what type of bra to wear because of the one shoulder style, but other than that, I love it. It doesn’t make me look too bad. The thought of wearing something like this is almost enough to make me forget about my problems with Zephyr. But the entire purpose of this shopping trip with a friend is to get her opinion on everything.
I step from the room, smiling widely, holding a portion of the gown so I don’t trip myself. The last thing I want is to damage a dress this pretty. Jamie is leaning against the far wall, texting someone—most likely Marcus. Her eyes glance up briefly before she does a double take, her smile blooming with surprise and admiration.
“What do you think?” I ask, too nervous to hear her answer. What if it looks horrible on me? I turn, showing off the back. What if she tells me I look like a cow? What if she tells me I look worse and I should just go home and hide away forever with a paper bag over my head?
“I think there’s some Greek in your bloodline you’re not aware of,” she tells me, lifting her phone to snap a picture. “I’ll be offended if you don’t buy that.”
“I guess that’s your subtle way of saying you like it?” I mumble to myself, not meaning it as a question, as I head back into the change room.
I purchase the dress. I couldn’t really pass it up. Jamie is right; I look great in the thing. I also buy a pair of black and gold sandals to go with it, nothing with heels because I don’t want to face plant when I walk. Jamie buys the green dress, it makes her mahogany eyes pop, and we head home after a brief stop for lunch in the food court where she scopes out cute guys. Just because I’m on a diet doesn’t mean I can’t look at the menu, she tells me when I mention Marcus—the love of her life.
The next weekend, just when I think all things Homecoming related are behind me, Kennie kidnaps both Harley and me for the sole purpose of dress shopping. It’s just another day where I’m forced into the mall, practically against my will. At least I have a friend to suffer with me.
“Harley,” Kennie starts from the nearest dress rack. Now, she looks like she belongs here. You know, the mall type, with her tight pink sweater, perfect fitting jeans that make the passing guys follow her with their mouths dropped, and tongues wagging while Harley and I wear band t-shirts and dark jeans with holes at the knees, somehow matching each other. It is amazing Harley and I still do that when we don’t plan for it. “Are you going?”
“I don’t know,” Harley begins quietly, her eyes glancing over a red dress. “Who would I go with?” she asks, so quietly, I’m trying to determine if I can hear sadness in her voice or if I’m imagining it.
“Ask someone,” Kennie offers matter-of-factly, blinded to our friends true feelings. But I finally feel like I understand Harley as her hooded gaze wanders from dress to dress, shoe to shoe. “Or go with a friend,” is her other option.
“My friends have dates,” Harley responds bitterly, putting the emphasis on friends and I get the instant feeling I’ve done my friends wrong. I could spend that night hanging with Harley instead of attempting to dance with Ryder while he parades me around on his arm like I am some sort of ornament or trophy.
“I’ll ditch mine,” I tell her, seriously. Her eyes brighten at the mere mention of my ditching Ryder, something she doesn’t normally do. “We can go together,” I offer quietly hoping Kennie doesn’t hear me. She would object to that plan instantly.
“You’re not ditching Ryder,” Kennie balks from her side of the store, the shock obvious in her voice. She tucks her blonde hair behind her ear as she stares at me, nearly shooting daggers with her eyes. “He’d be so heartbroken.”
Ryder? Heartbroken? That’s a laugh.
“I don’t really want to go,” Harley mumbles half-heartedly. I can tell she’s lying. There is something about her eyes, the color is less vibrant, and she keeps looking down to the floor. “I think I’ll just take up your tradition. Carrie must be watched by someone during the night of a school dance.”
“Don’t forget the ice cream,” I point out, less hoping she’ll choose my usual—Ben & Jerry’s Chunky Monkey—mostly playing along to make her believe I believe her lie.
“I still think you should go,” Kennie cuts in as she walks up to us, her arms loaded down with—I predicted correctly!—blue dresses. All of them. From sky blue to baby blue to navy to teal. Just the sight makes me happy I already suffered through this process with Jamie and bought my dress last weekend.
“You’re trying to convert me to your kind,” Harley shifts her eyes, building up her titanium armor and hiding behind her sarcasm. “It won’t work, I tell you!” She launches her arm in the air before playfully ducking behind the nearest dress rack. Kennie and I burst into laughter as Harley falls over, taking the rack of dresses with her. A loud, shattering crash echoes throughout the seemingly empty store.
A few people who work in the store poke their heads up from what they’re doing to see if we’re being problematic or if we need their help finding anything, then they go back to what they were doing, ignoring us as if we were not their problem.
Which we aren’t.
By Friday—the day of the big Homecoming football game—it is established that Kennie and Duke are going to the dance together. He promised to drive over from school for her. Kennie even made Homecoming court as Junior Princess, leaving Alexia as Princess Nominee. Harley decided she was going to spend Saturday night indulging in my typical tradition. Jamie was bragging about the dress she bought, how beautiful it was, how much skin and cleavage it revealed. Marcus was bragging—to the entire school I might add—about the hotel room he rented for the night and how awesome his time there was going to be.
Me? I was still going to the dance with Ryder, Homecoming King, I discovered after I repeatedly played Pachelbel’s Canon during the big reveal. He bought a matching tie, vest, and cummerbund—I still don’t know what the hell that is—like Jamie said he would, and I was a little—okay, a lot—excited to wear my dress.
After the spirit week filled with ridiculous and outrageous dress up days that basically meant the girls could dress as slutty as they wanted and the guys could ogle them without fear of being slapped, I felt that I could handle anything.
Or mostly anything.
“Hello, there.” Ryder caught me at my locker, as if he hadn’t been doing it after his last class, which was two doors away from my locker, so not a huge inconvenience, for the last few weeks.
“Hi.” I smile—a genuine smile—when I see him, and he leans down, like I expected, kissing my cheek quickly before leaning away to try and help me with my books. Because I am stubborn, I don’t let him.
“What are you doing tonight?” he asks, his hand sliding down the sleeve of my black jacket—in honor of class color day. Yes, I’m decked out in all black and there is a black lipstick kiss print on my cheek from Kennie. He pulls my hand to his after I close my locker and twist the dial.
“Homework,” I answer truthfully, it’s what I did every night, even Fridays. I am the nerdy girl that does homework on Friday nights; I’ll admit it.
“Boring,” Ryder whines. “It’s Friday,” he tells me as if I forgot. I, too, own a calendar. For a moment, he starts singing Rebecca Black’s Friday, getting the song permanently stuck in my head. “The big football game is tonight.”
I look to him as he leads me through the halls in his football jersey.
“What’s your point?” I ask as he leads me past his fellow teammates, amidst their whoops and hollers, leading me into the school parking lot toward his car.
“Well, since we’re going to the dance together,” he begins, leaning against the side of his car, pulling me closer to him. “I thought we could go to a party after the game. We’re going to win,” he states, cocking his head to side. “No doubt about that. And I know the celebrations are going to be wild.”
More reason for me to stay home, far away from typical high school stereotypes.
“I think I’ll pass,” I tell him, watching his face fall as if I just broke his spirit, broke his heart, like my being there is the most important thing in the world.
It’s just a party, I want to tell him, nothing for you to get your knickers in a twist about.
“Why?” he asks, tugging my hand closer to his chest, placing it against his heart. I can feel the light thump-thump, thump-thump of his heart.
“Because of the last time you took me to a party,” I point out, kind of a fool me once type of situation. I don’t want to be the fool again. “I spent the night standing in the corner while people dry-humped and dry-heaved around me.” The image replays in my mind. “That’s not how I want to spend my Friday night. And,” I hastily add, “I’m not a high school football fan.”
“Please,” he begs quietly, lightly kissing my hand. “Pretty please, I’ll do anything to make you go to my game.”
That makes me laugh. And snort.
I know he only wants me at that game just to watch him in action.
Boring!
But wait. He has ways of getting what he wants. He’s a fan of cruel and unusual torture techniques.
“Don’t tell me you’ll start singing again.” I try not to, but I laugh louder with the thought of him singing to me again.
“If that is what it takes,” he tells me completely serious, almost like a promise. “Don’t think that you can hide out in the library, even that has a sound system.”
Damn.
I’m not sure why, but that makes me laugh harder and I find myself leaning closer to him, like my body wants to be near his. I can smell his cologne, woodsy and strong, and it’s almost comforting, almost a scent I don’t mind, but it’s vaguely familiar at the same time. Something I’ve smelled, been around, before. I just can’t place it. And it’s revolting.
A shiver runs down my spine and the hair on the back of my necks stands. He’s watching this. He’s watching me. I know when I turn around; my eyes will connect with the familiar chocolate gaze I’ve been staring into for as long as I can remember.
Before I can stop myself, I look to the other side of the parking lot, connecting with the familiar eyes I’ve tried to avoid for weeks, now. Deep chocolate brown and staring at me. Zephyr hasn’t so much as looked at me since our fight that, to be honest, I still haven’t the slightest idea what it was about. Now he is staring at me like he is about to lose me. He’s already lost me. And the anger is still there, deep within, and he can’t hide it from me.
The look in his eyes forces my mouth to speak without my knowing it.
“Fine,” I sputter out, eyes still locked with the boy across the lot. “I’ll go to the party with you.” Yep, that wasn’t really me. I am possessed by my fury.
“And the game,” he presses, placing his finger beneath my chin to turn my gaze back to him, disconnecting my eyes from Zephyr’s.
I don’t want to look away.
“I’ll go if Harley goes with me.” My only qualification, the only thing I need. That means I am not going to the game because there is no way in hell Harley would go. She would only be there if Corey Taylor himself decided to sign the National Anthem.
“The more the merrier.” Ryder smiles wide. He’s happy there is some tiny sliver of hope for me to see him in action, some chance he could convert me to a football fan. Turning, he spots Harley—also decked out completely in black, complete with two kiss prints on her cheeks—walking toward her car at the far end of the lot. He chases her down, like, fast. The movement reminds me of a lion on the hunt.
Soon, after some serious begging and promises, both Harley and I are going to the game, much to her chagrin. I might need to take up drinking just to get through it.
Eighteen
“I hate you,” Harley repeatedly mutters as we climb the cement steps to the top row of the high school stadium bleachers. I can see her breath, thin and wispy, puff out like a personal cloud with every admonishment. Like every typical October night in the Pacific Northwest, it is cold enough to see your breath when you speak but not cold enough it should snow. Though this is Western Washington, while we may wake up with frost on our windows, threatening Mother Nature herself with every scrape against the window until it is clear enough to drive, rarely do we wake up with snow on the ground. It’s mostly rain, pouring or drizzling, of which we venture through sans umbrella because those, as is understood by the locals, are for tourists.
“No you don’t,” I reply between chattering teeth, fighting to keep them locked tight. I am wearing more layers than I thought were possible to cover my body and I am still freezing. I should have brought a blanket, or two, or three, or a personal heater. No, what I should have done is bought hand warmers, enough hand warmers to build a suit, and just shove them into my clothes and shoes. That would work, right?
We take our seats on the top level of the metal bleachers, the only open place to sit, and suddenly, we’re surrounded and immersed in a sea of red and black. Goody, goody gum drops. This is exactly how I wanted to spend my Friday night—amid a sea of sports fans.
At least Harley and I are far enough from other students that we won’t look so weird in our jeans and heavy jackets, not bothering with the school colors. Well, we’re still wearing our outfits from class color day but no one can see them beneath the jackets. However, I am wearing a red-and-black-striped knit slouchy beanie, should that count.
It probably doesn’t.
Instantly, Harley speaks. “My ass is frozen to a metal bleacher.” She clamps on to my arm, gripping tightly despite her gloves, for warmth. “I’m pretty sure I hate you.” Her teeth are chattering. I believe her now. “A. Lot.”
That last remark makes me giggle; puffing the air out in front of me in a white wisp.
“Think of how Kennie feels right now.” I find Kennie standing in front of our section wearing her skimpy uniform, and point to her, leading Harley’s eyes to the blonde bouncing up and down in cheer. “She’s flaunting her naughty parts to the entire school and faculty.”
“She’s used to wearing minimal clothing,” Harley starts. “I’m covered head to foot in thick wool and I’ve already lost feeling in my toes.” She stamps her feet trying to move blood to her lower extremities, annoying the couple sitting in front of us. They turn back, shooting her a glare that can only be described using knife-like gestures.
I wrap my arm around her shoulders, a side hug, trying to steal some of her warmth if I can. “I still appreciate you,” I tell her.
She looks to me, her brown eyes narrowed. “Shut the hell up,” she jokingly snaps, catching the attention of a parent in front of us with two small children. Harley doesn’t notice, and she wouldn’t care if she did.
Okay, she would. She’s not that heartless.
After we wait a bit, shivering, the teams run through a banner, held up by the squad, and onto the field. Our section bursts and jumps when our football team runs out, letting them know we’re here to support them, or they are, I should say. I am just here because someone begged me—someone practically forced Harley and me.
Two girls from the jazz choir begin to sing the national anthem. “Do you understand football?” I ask Harley through the music. We’re standing, staring at a flag held in the center of the field by members of the Homecoming Court. “At all?” Maybe one of us has a clue what the hell is going on.
“Not in the slightest,” she replies quickly, a little tremble in her voice alerting me to her chill. “That’s not something Dad decided to teach me growing up.” I can’t picture her dad being big into sports.
So that makes two of us, then. “We’ll be in the dark together,” I tell her, as happily as a freezing-me can.
The game starts and things happen I don’t understand. I see the ball soar through the air, I see the other team take it from us before we can catch it—I hear the word interception blare through the air. I watch a few people get tackled to the ground, hard, some brutally. However, I am certain no one has scored. A quick check of the scoreboard proves I’m right.
0-0.
“I’m bored,” Harley mumbles after twenty minutes.
“You and me both, sister,” I reply. The one thing we should have, but didn’t grab, is an iPod or two. This game definitely needs some metal.
I point down to Kennie as she dances and claps in front of the fence separating the field from the bleachers. Harley nods an understanding, and soon, we’re clomping down the steps, heading down to see the cheerleader after she flips and tumbles through the air.
After she lands, her smile brightens when she sees us. She charges over, fixing the tie in her hair. “I still can’t believe you both came,” Kennie exclaims as she makes a show of reaching for her labeled red water bottle.
“Neither can I,” Harley replies with annoyance, shooting me an angry glare.
“Kennie!” Alexia yells authoritatively from the other end of the line of scantily clad girls. “Get your ass back in formation.”
Kennie shakes her water bottle, buying her a little time before she rolls her eyes in frustration. “I’ll see you both at half time,” she tells us after she takes a swig from the bottle. She grabs her pom poms, rustling them for our benefit, and wanders back to her line.
I turn to Harley. “When is halftime?” she asks me.
I shrug my shoulders. I haven’t a clue. We wait at the fence until it is halftime, which is sooner than we thought. The boys run into the locker rooms, leaving the field bare and empty with little clumps of dirt floating around.
Kennie joins Harley and me on the lower bleachers, beneath the band section, while people hit the concessions stands seeking their greasy food fix.
“You here for Ryder?” Kennie nods in my direction, playing with the cap to her water bottle—screwing it, unscrewing it, repeat—keeping her hands busy, attempting to keep warm as she sits down. She’s normally bouncing around the field, generating enough heat in such little clothing. Now she sits in front of us in her jacket and sweatpants, trying to keep warm as she talks to us.
“Hey!” Harley chimes from her seat. “What if we just wanted to catch a football game? You know, support the team. Go Hawks and all that.”
Kennie and I both look to Harley as if she has gone insane.
Harley shrugs. “It could happen.”
I turn back to Kennie. “We’re heading to a party afterward,” I tell her, though I already know she is going to be there, whatever party Ryder takes me to. “I don’t know why?” I tell her honestly.
She knows I’m not a party girl—I’ve never been a party girl. I prefer silence to drunken loudness. I prefer to be alone rather than within the swarm of my peers trying to fit the stereotype.
Kennie stifles a giggle, as if I just made a joke. “Because we’re winning,” she tells me. I look to the scoreboard, and sure enough, when I wasn’t looking, we started winning, 21-0. As if I actually cared. “We’re going to win, this team sucks, and he wants to show you off as his girlfriend.” Kennie shrugs taking a drink from her water bottle.
That catches my attention. Boyfriend. Even Harley perks up. She abandons her phone, sliding it back into the pocket of her coat and quirks her brow.
“Who said I was his girlfriend?” I ask quickly, cutting Kennie off before she can start a new rant about a different topic. I exchange a fast glance with Harley. She heard the offending word as I had.
“He does,” Kennie answers, not noticing the problem. “It’s so cute,” she tells us, gushing as if she were looking at a box of puppies for sale. This is the Kennie I know. I’m surprised we’re friends sometimes.
“You’re sticky sweet, you know that,” Harley tells her, the sarcasm clear in her voice.
Our friend doesn’t notice.
Kennie beams. “I look on the bright side, Debbie Downer,” she jokes. Though, she isn’t lying about looking on the bright side, Kennie truly believes in the power of positive thinking. She once told me when I first met her that if I believed in the best in people, if I overlooked how they treated me, if I just tried to get to know them and, in return, they got to know me, then everything would be great in my life. Maybe even better than great.
Needless to say, we didn’t share the same opinion.
And I let her know it instantly. This bit of information is no different.
“I’m not his girlfriend,” I quickly spill out, clarifying how I believed my relationship with Ryder to be. Completely platonic. They, as my friends, should know automatically. I don’t want them to think I’d willingly be, uh… exclusive with someone like Ryder Harrison. At least, not without telling them and listening to the pros from Kennie and the cons from Harley. Oh, the cons Harley would think of. “I’m a girl who’s his friend, but that’s it.” I need to make this clear, make them understand, at least Kennie, and remedy what Ryder has been saying.
Instantly, I feel my cheeks heat from anger, but the coldness hides it very well. My face is already red from the low temperatures.
“Are you mad about this?” Kennie asks hesitantly. Her lined blue eyes look to me curiously, somehow saying subtly that I should be happy about this. If Ryder were my boyfriend that would mean I would no longer be the girl whose father tried to kill her. I would no longer be the daughter of murderer, I would no longer have scars on my back, I would no longer have people whispering behind my back. I would no longer be the freak.
But how can I answer her question?
Am I mad?
There’s only one way to answer that.
You bet your sweet ass, I’m damn near pissed the hell off to high heaven about that.
“A little.” I play it down. I don’t want to seem rabid, not right now. I somehow bury the annoyance and anger.
Harley looks to me with a little nod of understanding sent my way. This girl knows me all too well. Then her attention shifts to something over my shoulder, something that—based on her angry expression—she doesn’t like.
This can’t be good.
“‘By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes,’” Harley quotes, the Shakespeare rolling from her mouth with ease, you’d think she studied it.
“Hey girls,” Alexia purrs like a hungry cat waiting for the lone mouse to walk into her path. She walks up to the railing, leaning against it, her bare arms crossed in front of her. “Enjoying the game?” she asks with no real emotion in her voice or on her face, somewhat like you’d expect a sociopath to act. I expect to see her on the revival of Most Evil later in life, if it ever comes back.
“You know we are,” Harley replies, fake enthusiasm pouring past her lips, her body settling straighter, perfecting her posture. She stares at Alexia in the eyes, challenging her. Waiting to strike, waiting to fight.
“Joey,” her attention turns to me briefly before sliding down to examine her red painted nails. I assume that she’s checking for any chips and imperfections in the gloss. “I think congratulations are in order.” Her pale blue eyes flick up, locking on mine. “You are the lowest Ryder has ever slummed. You’ve tricked him and I’m proud.”
“Shove it, Alexia,” Kennie snaps, leaning back to look her teammate in the eyes. Even though Alexia’s supposed to be Kennie’s friend, Kennie is not above standing up for me and showing where her loyalty truly lies when given a choice. She always chooses me. Alexia should know that by now.
“I thought you were the one to use tricks to your aid, Alexia?” I ask her, not letting her talk down to me like I don’t matter. “He’s going up, honey,” I bark out, tucking a curl behind my ear. I may not have pretty nails but I do know where to sink my claws when the time comes. Granted, I didn’t have the wittiest retort, but I didn’t just sit back and take it either. “Isn’t that why he’s with me, now?” Though, it would be helpful it I just shut my trap right about now.
Her eyes narrow in disbelief that I just said what I did. I didn’t know it was that hard hitting. The smile falls from her face as she turns her glance to her teammate. “Don’t speak to me like that,” she seethes. “You, Kennie, don’t need me as an enemy.”
“There’s only one thing we need that only you can provide, Alexia,” I start, staring directly at her. “Your precious absence.”
Alexia scowls, turning to run back to her lackeys as she always does.
“I hope I accidentally kick her in the face when I tumble tonight,” Kennie grumbles, watching her teammate as she walks away—hips swaying wildly—before joining a group of girls at the nearby railing.
“I’d love you forever if you did,” I tell her, watching her stand up and stretch before she heads back to the field for the second half of the game. She blows us a kiss and winks before she walks away, her long ponytail swinging from side to side.
Halftime ends—can you sense my excitement?—and Harley and I sit through the rest of the game, fighting the urge to absquatulate and head to the nearest interesting thing, like watching grass grow. We ignore it and talk about school and homework, music, what we saw on television throughout the week and our secret obsession with Dancing with the Stars, anything we’ve been reading, and just about anything else in the world to keep our minds and attention from the actual game.
Our school wins—Harley and I can tell from the roar of the surrounding crowd and the boom of the band behind our heads. We remain seated as the crowd dies down and files down the cement stairs, heading to their cars and other engagements. Some students talk about the parties they’re heading toward and the plans they have at these said parties. I wait, with Harley—my ride here, by the Home locker room until Ryder walks out.
“I’ll talk to you tomorrow,” Harley tells me when she catches sight of a damp Ryder, freshly showered, and carrying his duffle bag. His blue eyes shift over me, practically undressing me. Easy there, tiger.
“Thanks for suffering with me,” I call after her as she walks away, her keys jingling as she aims for her car.
“I heard that,” Ryder tells me. He drops the bag next to us and wraps an arm around my waist, pulling me up to his body. I resist the urge to place my hands on his chest and push him away. Only slightly, I still try to distance myself, but to no avail, his grip is tight.
“You were meant to,” I reply, a playful smile on my lips.
He leans in to kiss me on the cheek, politely. Still a gentleman. Ryder presses my back against the wall and rests his hand up by my head, leaning too close for my comfort but I’m not about to ask him to back away. The reason why walks through the door. Zephyr walks out, his long hair dripping wet from his shower, his keys dangling and jangling in his hand.
Holy balls, he’s never looked so…
Stop it, brain.
“Hey, Kalivas,” Ryder yells after my neighbor. I hide my eyes, or try to, but I still look up. I can’t help it. This is the closest I’ve been to Zephyr in a while. “Good game, man.” Zephyr barely looks at him and doesn’t even acknowledge my existence. Some friend. He just heads to his car—or Jamie’s car—throwing his bag into the trunk before slamming the driver’s side door and speeding from the lot like a bat out of hell. The faster to get away from you, my pretty, I think as I watch his taillights disappear in the distance, mimicking the Big Bad Wolf imitating Red’s grandmother. I shake my head as Ryder asks, “What’s his problem?”
He better not be asking me, like everyone else in the world who thinks I have some insight on the inner workings of Zephyr Kalivas. Most times, I forgot he had a brain big enough for inner workings.
“I don’t know,” I answer, tugging the hat from my head and tucking my hair behind my ears. “So where’s this party?” I wonder, hoping we run into Kennie wherever we go.
“That’s a surprise, come on.” He takes my hand, threading our fingers, leading me to his car and opening the door for me.
After a few minutes, we’re on the road. Passing through Edmonds, through Lynnwood, heading through Mountlake Terrace into Brier, toward a section of town that looks familiar. As if I’ve been here, not recently, but… forget about that for now, I have matters that are more pressing on my mind.
“Hey,” I start, disrupting the awkward silence that developed between us in the car. “What’s this I hear about me being your, uh,” I clear my throat, “girlfriend?”
Ryder chuckles, grabbing my hand, he gently squeezing it. “It’s just a label, Joey, babe,” he tells me, calling me babe. That needs to stop. “It’s easier to say that you’re my girlfriend when talking to my friends than that long spiel of, She’s a girl who’s my friend, but not my girlfriend, you know. I’m seeing how things go but you never know with these sorts of things.”
What is he talking about?
Ugh, boys.
“You can just tell them I’m your friend.” I shrug, rolling my eyes when he isn’t looking at me. “There isn’t anything wrong with that, you know?”
“But I feel like we’re more than, you know, friends.” He looks to me, shooting me that cocky grin I hate. His blonde curls fall into his eyes.
How can I tell him this using a language he’ll understand? Hmmm…
No, actually, I don’t know. I don’t think he’d listen anyway. He hasn’t before.
Nineteen
The car slows—and given his erratic driving coupled with his belief that the speed limit isn’t a law but a guideline, that’s saying something. He turns, pulling into a familiar driveway, parking behind a familiar car, and it is déjà vu all over again as he parks the car. Ryder places his hand on my thigh and winks at me.
“Here we are.”
I thought the drive over looked too familiar.
The street around us is packed with cars but he found a place to park. In the driveway of all places. It’s obvious they saved the spot special for him. I look forward to the blue BMW with red-and-black shiny pom poms in the back window. I let out a giggle as I shuck off my heavy jacket and beanie, leaving them in the car. If I remember correctly—and I swear I am part elephant—this place is going to heat up to excruciating temperatures within the next hour.
“This place doesn’t change, does it?” I ask as I stand in front of Jennifer Lange’s front door. Ryder’s hand is on the knob. The scene of the last party—this won’t be fun at all, I know it.
Let the countdown begin.
“Not if the Lange’s can help it.” Ryder pushes open the front door revealing the crowd, immersing us in a deafening bass beat. It quickly cuts off. They have been waiting for us—for him—to show up. It’s obvious with the way everyone is staring. At the sight of Ryder, the entire room erupts into a roaring cheer. Loud, booming voices start chanting “Harrison! Harrison!” and pom poms and streamers are thrown into the air. It’s a real roaring celebration.
I think I am in over my head here.
“Harrison!” a large—in size not muscle mass—guy yells as he barrels through the crowd, aiming straight for us. I remember his name is Brett, the dude from the last party. His arms thrust in the air in time to the chanting of the quarterback’s name. “Diego, get this man a beer! Get the man a beer!”
“The man of the hour has arrived,” Diego, I think, yells as he hands Ryder a beer. He edges close to me, his lean frame resembling the body of a swimmer, which surprises me. “The man with the golden arm.”
Yep, I am definitely in over my head here.
“Hey, man.” Ryder claps Diego on the back.
“I see you brought the girlfriend.” Brett looks me over like a starving dog looking at a steak. I swear he’s salivating. I’m waiting for drool.
I open my mouth, prepared to correct him. “I’m not—”
“She’s just shy.” Ryder wraps his arm around my shoulders, oblivious to my body stiffening from his touch. I shoot him a look for not correcting his friend, a look for not letting me correct his friend. “Hates parties,” he tries to explain, as if it’s so horrible, so against humanity and the rights of teenagers everywhere, to hate parties.
Kennie runs by. I can see her blonde hair bounce through the crowd as her figure disappears behind a tall guy with the beginnings of a beard. Duke must be in town for the dance tomorrow night.
“Let’s get her a beer,” Diego excitedly yells, tugging me away from Ryder. “Loosen her up, some.”
Oh, goody. Let’s get the basket case a beer.
“Hit that yet?” I hear Brett behind me. I assume, he is the only person behind me—as we are still a fire hazard near the front door—he could be asking, but they can’t be talking about me? I want to stay to hear the answer. I stop and tug, waiting for Diego to stop, but he only pulls my arm harder, pulling me to the other side of the room, into the white-and-silver, sterile looking kitchen.
Holy balls, it looks like you could perform surgery in this kitchen.
In the kitchen, after Diego hands me a beer—I should say after he forces the can into my hands and wraps my fingers around the sweating aluminum because that is the best way to describe it—I turn to leave, trying to put a large amount of distance between me and this kid, only to run into a wall. My head bounces off the wall—wait, not a wall, a body. A familiar body I haven’t seen in a while.
I look up, spotting the bright orange shaggy hair falling into glistening, blue eyes so pale, they’re almost white, the pale, pink complexion that seems to work on him, and the dozens upon dozens of freckles covering most of the exposed flesh.
“Hey, Joey,” Avery says, reaching his arms out to hug me. Not wanting to be rude—I actually like Avery—I reach my hand out and pat him on the shoulder. He’s wearing his grass stained jersey, like the other varsity players that got to play even nanoseconds in the game, happily celebrating their win.
“I haven’t seen you in a while,” I observe, patting Avery on the arm—on his nice arm; I can feel his muscles beneath the fabric of his jersey and long sleeved t-shirt. Man, the boy has been working out since the last time I paid attention. “How are you?” I ask, honestly interested.
It isn’t every day I have a conversation with Avery O’Reilly. I could spend the rest of the night just talking to him.
“Great,” he starts excitedly; he’s still floating on Cloud Nine from his win. While everyone was chanting Ryder’s name when we walked in, they should have been chanting Avery’s. It was he who ran the last touchdown. “Especially after that win tonight,” he finishes. As I assumed he would be. “I see that you’re here with Ryder. It true you’re dating” Well, isn’t he just cutting to the chase?
“No.” I shake my head, emitting a sigh, tucking my hair behind my ears. “I’m his friend, that’s it. But he did ask me to the dance and I said yes.” That’s something I’m sure he heard around school. Everyone knew. News about me tends to spread quickly.
Ryder’s taking the psycho to Homecoming, who hadn’t tried to figure that out in the girl’s bathroom or boy’s locker room when they had the opportunity to gossip—I mean, discuss.
“I didn’t peg you for a dancer,” Avery comments, looking me over. Not in one of those pervy, creepy ways that makes me feel disgusting, just the way he’s done since we were in the fifth grade and he chose to partner with me in gym because no one else would—no one had the guts, the bravery, or whatever. Avery wasn’t like most of the kids in school, he was always scared of me, but only because I was so small and he was worried something would happen to me in class. People liked to go after me on the basketball court or the flag-football field. If it wasn’t Zephyr protecting me, it was Avery looking out for me.
I’m certain Zephyr had something to do with that.
“You didn’t know? It’s my secret talent.” That makes him laugh. “Really? I’m not,” I reply truthfully. “I hate it.” That is the honest to God truth right there.
Avery scrunches up his face, his freckled nose crinkling and wrinkling. “Then why go?” he asks, confused. Recognition crosses his face, as if he is finally understood something. “Oh, does this have anything to do with a sulking Zephyr?” he asks, his finger pointing at me as if he knows.
He doesn’t.
Or does he? I’m not even sure anymore.
But a sulking Zephyr? Since when does Zephyr know enough about emotions to sulk? Why haven’t I seen this?
The idea, the thought of Zephyr sulking is too much for me to picture. “What?” I ask too loudly to be believable that nothing I do is because of him. Way to go, Joey, you might as well tell Avery everything, now. I see the doubt cross his face. “No,” I say, while trying to keep my voice under control.
Too late.
“I’ve seen him avoid you for the better part of three weeks,” Avery continues, taking a pause to drink from the can in his hand. “What’s going on between the two of you?”
Why does everyone keep asking me that?
If I knew, I probably would’ve fixed it already, people!
“No idea,” I instantly answer, taking a sip of my disgusting beer, anything to distract myself. “And I don’t want to talk about it. Or him,” I add for good measure. “If he had something useful to say to me, I’d like to think he’d seek me out, but like you said earlier, Avery, he’s been avoiding me like the plague.”
Okay, I’ll admit that was a little harsh to say to one of Zephyr’s best friends. But he doesn’t look hurt; he just looks like he … understands.
“There you are,” Ryder catches my attention, walking into the kitchen and slinging an arm sloppily around my shoulders. I cringe, noticing Avery notice that. He doesn’t do anything. He just stands back and watches Ryder tug me against his side. With the sight of Avery—because Ryder only had his eyes on me when he walked into the kitchen—he stands taller and, I kid you not, puffs out his chest. Understandable, Avery is built like an ox. “Hey.”
“Hey.” It is obvious Avery means no harm. “Good game tonight, man,” Avery compliments, giving him the typical clap on the back that signals friends among his species.
Ryder beams, deflating when he realizes that Avery isn’t a threat. He, like any cocky, bumptious athlete, loves compliments.
“Come on, babe,” Ryder says to me—again with the damned babe. He ignores Avery completely. “Let’s party.” He grabs my hand and tugs me into the crowded living room, onto the makeshift dance floor, trying to dance with me. At some point I’m not aware of, music started blaring through the Bose speakers flanking the large fireplace in the living room. The song is a familiar pop beat I’ve heard a few times when I dared listening to the radio in the car.
Let me stop here before I continue with the rest of the party because I feel this is the perfect moment for commentary. If I would have listened to Ryder, back when Diego was taking me to the kitchen with more force than necessary, if I would have listened to Dumb’s conversation with Dumber, when he asked have you hit that yet? I would’ve heard Ryder’s lovely response of not yet, but I’m working on it.
I’m not sure if those were the exact words. I’m guessing here.
I even bet that I would have seen him wink.
He actually winks!
Pervy.
Back to the dancing, which, did I mention, I can’t do. I can’t dance. At all. Ryder can’t either, but I’m worse, believe it or not.
The party wasn’t that great. No high school party ever is to the sober observer. However, I was determined not to get drunk, I was not above the thought of a little buzz. Just a little haze to push me through the evening because it seemed so important to Ryder I enjoy myself, that I enjoy his company and the company of his friends, people like him.
I’m not sure when I really started caring about what Ryder Harrison thought. I’m not sure when I started to care if I was fun enough to be around him and his friend. I’m not sure when he really crossed my mind, infiltrating my thoughts, to begin with. Maybe it was when Zephyr said all those awful things to me, breaking my heart, maybe when I said yes to Ryder’s Homecoming invitation because I knew it would piss Zephyr off. Maybe it was when I learned that anything I did with Ryder Harrison would anger Zephyr Kalivas.
The bigger question: When did I start caring so much about what Zephyr thought of me?
Ryder continued to drink. Definitely more than I was. I stopped counting his beers after five. No, six. The drunker he got—is that even a word?—the more hands-on he got. I tried to keep his hands in G-Rated areas but he wasn’t a rule follower and didn’t believe in respectable boundaries.
“We should get out of here,” he tells me while he attempts to dance, leaning closer to my ear to be heard over the pop song I didn’t know. His hand reaches up and strokes the side of my face, my cheek, as he thinks he whispers to me when, in reality, he is straight up yelling directly into my ear.
Ouch.
“I don’t think you’re okay to drive, Ryder,” I reply, feeling his sticky breath against my ear and neck. No one can understand how much I want to take a shower right now. I need to wash him off of me. I need to wash this night off of me.
As predicted, the temperature is so high in this room that I’m strongly debating the t-shirt I wore. I ditched the light jacket I wore and tied it securely around my waist as I used to do as a kid. My hair is tied in a messy bun on the top of my head but the back of my neck is still boiling. Every time I move my legs, my jeans stick to me and every move is uncomfortable.
As much as I want to leave and head home—dear God, let it be soon—I paid attention during freshmen health class when we had to suffer through that British video about driving under the influence. Actually, I had to be carried to the nurse’s office, by Avery of all people. I passed out nine minutes into the film, smacking my head on the side of the table resulting in a permanent scar on the side of my face where my ear meets my cheek, from the sight of all the blood.
It was real footage.
Harley, like the best friend she is, filled me in on all the gory details; the death toll, the number of limbs lost among the victims.
I still shudder when I think about it.
“Who said anything about driving, baby,” he purrs in my ear as he boxes me against the wall. His body presses against mine, pinning me to the wall. “I mean a different room. This place is full of rooms. How about one less…” he trails off, pausing to think of the appropriate word, which could take some time given his inebriated state. “Crowded.”
Red flag!
“Uh, how about not,” I nervously mutter, my hands reaching up his chest to push him away. He drunkenly stands his ground, his hand reaching up to cup my cheek. His blue eyes focus on my mouth, on my lips, the lips—I swear to you right now—he will never touch.
“Why haven’t you kissed me yet?” he asks quietly, his face leaning closer, closer, and closer to mine.
“Because I don’t want to,” I tell him, ducking from his head, trying to maneuver under his arm. It doesn’t work.
“Of course you do,” he whisper-slurs, his beer-sour breath blowing into my face.
“Why am I still here?” I mutter under my breath knowing he didn’t hear me. I search the surrounding crowd for help. Ryder is too focused on my mouth, my lips, the lips he’ll never kiss, so help me God. “Look, I’m going to go, okay?” I don’t mean it as a question. I just want to leave in any way I can.
Where is Avery when I need him? Where is Kennie when I need her?
I just need a distraction of some kind.
Ryder says something I can’t understand, something I wasn’t even paying attention to.
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” I remind him, still trying to push him away. “Okay?”
“No, not okay,” he whines—actually whines like he’s three years old and someone took away his favorite toy—but his hands grasp both of mine, pulling me closer to him, if that were even possible. “Come on, let’s go somewhere more private. You’ll like me so much better there.”
I don’t even like you now.
“I doubt that, Ryder,” I struggle to say against his chest. “Let’s not and say we did.” Uh. I don’t want to say we did anything except that he drove me home … after he sobered up. “Look, it’s almost my curfew”—I didn’t have one tonight, but it never hurt to use a little white lie—“if you can’t take me home, I’ll find my own ride.”
“Baby, I’ll give you a ride you’ll love.”
Shit, shit, shit!
The word replays in my brain—constant repeat.
He maneuvers us toward a closed door on the other side of the living room. No one notices us as we pass. To anyone that bothers to look, we just look like we are heading off to get some alone time. No one notices my struggling to free myself from against Ryder’s chest. No one hears me telling Ryder to stop and let me go, but someone does lock eyes with me. Brett, the guy from earlier, the one that surveyed me like a piece of meat. He smiles at me as we pass.
Ryder gets the door open and the light turned on before he kicks the door closed and releases me into the room. I stumble back, falling on the rug in the center of the room.
“What the hell is wrong with you, Ryder?” I yell, sobering and standing up. What little buzz I had is long gone.
“Nothing you can’t fix, baby,” he slurs as he walks past me, his hand gliding across my cheek. He falls onto the white leather couch, as graceful as an elephant, patting the seat next to him, but I refuse to move. I refuse to go near him.
The room he just locked us within must be some sort of den or home office for Jennifer Lange’s father. There is a large wooden desk by a window that lets out onto a balcony and the aforementioned white leather couch Ryder is currently sitting on—who knew people still owned, let alone made, white leather couches, there are various trinkets and tiny statues that scream I am Man! everywhere.
“Please,” he begs, still slurring, still whining pathetically. “I’ll behave.”
I roll my eyes. I can leave. I can just turn around and walk out the door. I could get to the door before he even stands. As I turn around, ready to make my big exit, his hand grabs my arm and yanks me toward the couch, pulling me onto the cushion next to him. Ryder inches closer; his hand finding my cheek again, rougher this time. I shove him away and stand up, trying to move away from the couch, trying to put distance between us, but his hand latches onto my arm painfully, pulling me down until I straddle his lap.
“Ryder, stop,” I demand, trying to wrench my arms free. “Let go of me,” I command, struggling against him to stand and back away. Only it doesn’t work and soon, I am lying back on the couch with Ryder on top of me, his hand gripping my jean covered thigh aggressively.
He mashes his lips against mine, aggressively, forcing his tongue into my mouth. His hand sloppily glides down my body until it reaches the hem of my shirt, pulling and tugging at the fabric to get a good grip. His hand slinks beneath the moist fabric and slides up my stomach until his fingers reach the cup of my bra.
My pretty baby girl.
I try and push at him, try and get away from him. Finally pushing back, kicking him until he falls to the floor in a muffled thud swallowed by the thick carpet. I stand, feeling a cool breeze against my stomach. He ripped my shirt, splitting it down the front. I turn my back to him until the light hooded jacket from my waist is untied and on. I need to cover my stomach. No one can see my stomach. As I zip the Abercrombie & Fitch jacket, my locket glints in the light, and I feel a tear slide down my cheek.
Suddenly, I am filled with so much sadness, so much anger, and the feelings conflict with each other. They battle for the right to take over my body. But I allow neither one the authority to control my body. I need to survive. I need to escape—that is all that matters right now.
I turn around, hoping Ryder is a smart boy and left the room.
But he hasn’t.
He’s standing in front of me, a malicious grin splitting his face.
“I’m going home,” I tell him, pulling my phone from my pocket. I scroll through the contacts for a name, an idea of someone to call. I stop on Zephyr’s name, his number illuminated in pink. He would come and get me. Despite our fight, he still cares about me. I know if I were to call him, he would come running.
“Oh, come on, baby, don’t be like that,” Ryder whines as he stands near the couch. “All I wanted was a kiss. I’ll take you home now.”
As he stumbles before me, I replay his words in my head, mentally hearing the slur.
“Like I’m going anywhere with you again,” I growl, my hands shakily trying to hit the right part of the screen. Damn touch screen phones. “How the hell could I have trusted you? I knew there was an agenda, I should have listened to him,” I remark, remembering Zephyr’s doubts and warnings.
His hand snatches my phone from my hands before I have a chance to call Zephyr. Before I have any way of warning anyone about where I am—my screen froze.
Ryder glances at the screen, a shrill laugh escaping his throat. “Really, Kalivas?” he asks, mockingly. “Pathetic,” he slurs-murmurs as he tosses my phone onto the desk beside us.
Forget this. “This is too much effort,” I angrily blurt. “You are too much effort. I’ll walk home.” Even if I have to leave behind my phone.
Ryder grabs my arm before I can move away from him because I can move out of his arms reach, or better yet, out of the damn room. His fingers tighten against my skin, squeezing so hard I know there is going to be a bruise tomorrow.
“Just one more kiss?” He leans closer to me, his blue eyes mere inches from mine. “Please?” As if he’s in any condition to ask me for anything.
If I were to kiss him—there’s no shot now—if I were to appease him, I could leave, if you follow the theory. But the thought of my lips touching his, voluntarily this time, his tongue drunkenly stabbing into my mouth again, that’s enough to make what little is in my stomach start churning and threaten to erupt. I just want to go. I will walk if I have to. It’s only three miles, maybe. That’s not too far. If Kennie drove separate from Duke, I might be able to borrow her car and she can just hop a ride with Duke. If Avery’s still here, I can just beg him for a safe escape.
“I’m going home whether I can call someone or I’m walking,” I tell him. I’ll be angry to leave all my stuff in his car, he has my jacket, my wallet, and one of my favorite hats, but I’m willing to make the sacrifice. It can’t be that much to replace a license and debit card.
I lunge to grab my phone from the large, capacious desk next to us. My fingers circle around it, gripping it like the lifeline it is, and I try to click on the screen. My fingers find the button on top, pressing it once, twice, three times. But the screen remains black and blank.
Crap!
My HTC has one issue, one flaw that really peeves my buttons, whenever I drop it, or someone launches it onto or against a hard surface, it tends to restart or shut off. Mostly it restarts. This time it just shut off.
The dark screen turns white, a sign it’s coming to life. Albeit, slowly.
Ryder presses himself against me from behind. I can feel the disgusting length of him through my jeans, pressing against me. He bends himself over, reaching down to run his hands along the side of my body. His other hand grips my hair, snapping my head back. I let out a weak yelp as his hand grips my hair tighter, tugging a few strands out with the strain.
A hand glides along my neck, sliding down my chest.
“Ryder…” I’m losing my air, I can’t say. “Please.” I beg, my eyes beginning to water.
My hands reach back, grabbing, scratching, anything. One hand slides into his front pocket, finding his keys and tugging them out, cupping them as best I can. Maybe I can stab at him with his own keys.
“All I wanted was a kiss, bitch,” he says into my ear, the sound whistling loudly.
You are so beautiful...
“Let go, Ryder,” I beg, feeling tears starting to fall from my eyes.
That’s my girl…
He yanks once, twice, three more times. “You’re not worth it,” he spits out bitterly. Ryder releases me and backs away, staggering his way back to the couch.
I can feel my body start to shake but I don’t want him to see it. I don’t want him to see me scared. I grab my phone, grip my jacket where my locket lies against my skin, and bolt from the room as he lies across the couch, hopefully forgetting my name. I shove my way through the sweating crowd receiving elbows and hits as I make my escape. The door never seemed farther. I make it outside, heaving in the cold air, letting it fill my lungs.
It feels so wonderful to breathe!
In, out—inhale, exhale. Just breathe, Joey. All you need is to breathe.
“I’m safe,” I tell myself, whispering like a lunatic, I know.
Feeling the chill, I hit the button to unlock Ryder’s car, hearing the locks click in his new car. I grab my things from the passenger seat, making sure everything is there, and toss his keys beneath the passenger seat, locking the doors before I slam the passenger door shut. I know it’s not much but it makes me feel better to know that something in his life will be a bit difficult. I know he doesn’t have a spare key here. Maybe there is a hide-a-key on the car somewhere but the fact I just locked his keys in his car makes me feel a little better.
Zipping up my jacket, I start the trek down the large hill. I dial Zephyr’s number, praying he answers my call. There are so many reasons why he wouldn’t but I want none of them to matter. I want to hear his voice. I want to hear him say my name. I want to hear…
“Hello?” he groggily answers. He probably ignored the caller ID. From the sound of his voice, he must have been asleep.
“Zephyr?” I whisper, stopping in my tracks. I stopped crying when I locked Ryder’s car, but now I feel the tears beginning again.
“Joey?” he sounds awake now.
I take a deep breath. “Yeah, it’s me,” I sob out, clamping my hand to my mouth. I can’t lose it now.
“Where are you?” I hear something rustle on the other line.
“Jennifer Lange’s street,” I answer, looking around for a sign, anything to tell me where I am. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have—”
“I’m on my way, Jo,” he tells me. “Just stay on the line with me, okay? I’ll find you.”
“Okay,” I answer, still walking, getting as far away from that house and that party as I can. After twenty minutes of listening to Zephyr’s breathing through the phone, I see the headlights of Jamie’s car and am inside the warm interior, warming my hands against the heater in the dashboard.
We ride in silence for a few minutes before either of us says anything, before either of us even looks at one another.
Zephyr breaks the silence.
“What happened?” Zephyr asks as he clicks the turn signal, making a right onto the main street, heading home.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” I tell him, quelling the urge to cry. I fix the ponytail in my hair, keeping my eyes in my lap. I don’t deserve his kindness right now. I know that. I don’t want to hear him say I told you so but I know I deserve at least that much. “Maybe tomorrow?”
He looks to me. I can see the movement from the corner of my eye when I lower my hands back to my lap. My fingers thread together to prevent the shaking. It’s unsuccessful.
“Maybe,” he whispers, knowing I’ll never tell him what happened. I don’t want to think about it ever again. He’ll be left wondering what Ryder could have done to me to make me cry. He’ll be thinking it must have been horrible.
Pulling into my driveway, Zephyr turns to me, no smile on his face. He’s expressionless—tired. His mouth opens, as if he’s ready to confess anything, apologize for everything, explain anything, but I don’t give him the chance. I bolt from the car, running up to my front door and struggling with the lock on the door until I’m safely inside my own house and away from the scary things of the night.
Everything is dark, Hilary is at work, per her usual, and I'm going to be alone for the night. Again. Lucky me.
I walk up the stairs, slowly removing my jacket before I reach my room. Inside the dark room—I don’t bother with the light switch—I change into the most covering pajamas I have. I throw the ruined t-shirt into the trash, or when I toss it, it’s close to landing inside the trash can. I pull Zephyr’s old football sweatshirt over my head, the one I stole when he wasn’t looking back in eighth grade, and crawl into bed. I could be reading right now, I could have the television on and watching some obscure old rerun, or I could be plugged into my iPod, drowning out my mood with some Slipknot or In Flames. Instead, I’m listening to the sounds of the house—the wind blowing against the roof, the wooden walls popping, cracking, and groaning as they settle. My mind floods with abandoned memories from the night. Ones I need to box up in my mind and store in the large closet in my brain.
His hand raking, grabbing, along my body, my clothes. His hot, sticky breath against my ear, burning against the tender skin of my neck. His want pushing against me. How there seemed to be no protection for me. How he laughed at me. How he made me feel small and unimportant.
The voice telling me I’m beautiful. The voice…
That voice didn’t belong to Ryder. It was someone else, someone older.
The voice, it was worn and new, smooth and gruff, familiar and unknown.
But we … we were alone in the room. I’m sure of that. Right?
Then who told me I’m beautiful?
Twenty
Darkness swallows me, tugging me lower into the abyss. Emptiness swells around me. It wraps me up and envelops me, burying me deep. Keeping me cold and alone. Or, at least, I think I’m alone. But I will never know. I will never seek what waits for me. I will never wonder, truly, what is here. Waiting.
It’s so hollow here.
Baby girl… the voices whisper. Baby girl, I’m here for you. Louder and louder, the voices carry. I’m here with you. My hands cover my ears, praying for silence, but the sounds grow louder and louder, always louder and louder.
I can’t escape. My usual climb has halted, my usual struggle has ended when all fight left my body, and I just fall, weightless, into the darkness.
Wherever I land… that’s where I’ll remain.

Twenty-One
Saturday morning and I am lying in bed still trying to process. I am still trying to somewhat understand what the hell happened last night. I didn’t get much sleep. I couldn’t sleep at all, really. Every time I closed my eyes, I just felt … hands on me, scouring me. I stayed up until three in the morning trying to ignore what happened. When that didn’t work, I tried to make sense of what Ryder was doing, or trying to do, to my body.
How he had me pressed hard against the desk, into the desk, one hand roaming my body, copping feels, the other hand in my hair, yanking my head back until it hurt. How he ripped my shirt, his body pressed into mine on the couch.
Holy moley.
It was disgusting, repulsive—it is disgusting. If he did anything like that to Alexia, I feel sorry for her. If she liked it, she’s crazier than she tells people I am.
But how could she like that? How could she like the feeling of someone controlling her body, taking something from her with the use of that much … force?
It doesn’t make sense to me.
Well, Homecoming is off, whether he knows it or not. He hasn’t called me, and I don’t want him to. If he does call, I’ll threaten to press charges for attempted rape—even though that’ll definitely be an empty threat, one he will certainly see right through. I just don’t want to talk to him and I don’t want him to try and talk to me.
But I need to do something tonight, anything to keep me and my mind occupied.
Hmmm…
I know just the thing.
I grab my phone, dialing a number I’ve neglected for a while.
“Hello?” Harley says on her end of the line after three rings. When I am bored, I count things.
“What are you doing tonight?” I ask quickly, sitting up in my bed. I look toward the window, the part in the venetian blinds lets me see Zephyr’s window across the alley. His white blinds are shut.
“Junk food and movies,” she tells me. I hear the rustle of a bag in the background. Has she already started the ritual?
“Bring them over here,” I tell her, loving the idea of a girl’s night. “We’ll start our own Homecoming tradition.”
Harley is quiet for a moment. I can picture her running her hand through her messy bed head or playing with her lip ring. “What happened to the dance,” she finally asks, her curiosity getting the best of her.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” I reply quietly. My eyes dart to my window and I just want Zephyr to open his blinds and pop his head out his window, his voice low as he calls to mine. But how can I expect everything to go back to normal just because I called on him last night? “Not now, anyway. Will you come over?” I ask, knowing I’ll eventually tell her—possibly, if I ever work up the nerve—just not tonight. And definitely no time in the near future. Maybe during our twenty-year high school reunion when both of us will have completely forgotten this conversation and we’re both too busy with our separate lives to care about something that happened during our junior year.
That sounds like a plan.
“Let me find my most comfortable sweats,” she starts. “I’ll be there in twenty minutes or so.”
I smile.
We hang up and I change into my own comfy clothes; oversized black sweatpants with flowers running up the sides, a bright pink camisole, and my bright green Abercrombie & Fitch zip up hoodie.
By the time she arrives, holding less junk food than I originally pictured, we take a trip to the nearest Fred Meyer’s, loading up on enough sugar and salt to put us in a coma or an early grave. We buy a few new DVDs, mostly of the horror/slasher variety, and now we’re set for the night.
I hear a light tap, tap, tap against the front door while Harley sets up the coffee table—covering it in bags and bowls of chips and cookies, and cans of Mountain Dew and Cherry Pepsi. I open the door, still laughing with Harley about a joke she told, half-expecting Ryder to be on the other side holding a corsage or some shit like that. Believe me; I am completely prepared to punch him in the throat.
That isn’t whom I see—that isn’t who is standing on the other side of the door, long dark hair messy as if his hands have recently been through it, dark brown eyes trained on me as the nervous smile stays on my face.
“Zephyr?” I ask, staring at his brown eyes, not angry, nor tired, this time. It isn’t one in the morning; I haven’t sought his help like a stupid little girl expecting someone to save her. He is just standing on my front porch, a small smile covering his lips, like he’s happy to see me. “What are you doing here?”
“It’s Homecoming,” he answers with a shrug.
I ask, “And?”
I know what day it is.
“Just wanted to check on you,” he pauses, shaking his hair from his face. “You know, before you went to the dance,” he says quietly.
“Zeph,” I start, leaning against the edge of the door. That isn’t a smart thing to do, especially if the door moves at all. Then you’re falling on your ass while your friends stare, point, and laugh at you. But the door doesn’t move. “You should know I'm not going to the dance tonight.” I don’t want to be anywhere near it. Not without reinforcements.
He slides his hands into the front pockets of his jeans, his shoulders hunch forward—he looks relieved. “I wasn’t entirely sure,” he tells me. “What are you going to do, then?”
“Movies. Food,” I start, turning to watch Harley place more things on the little wooden coffee table. “The usual girl’s night, really,” I say.
“Okay.” He smirks.
We both stand there, surrounded by awkward silence, just staring at each other.
“Wanna join?” I ask.
His eyebrows shoot up. “For a girl’s night?” he asks, disbelief and sarcasm in his voice.
“Why not?” I ask with a shrug of my shoulders. It would be fun, I think.
“I’m missing crucial body parts—plus the extra one I have—to be considered a girl, Jo,” he points out. As if I need to be reminded about that. I am well aware he has more between his legs than me.
My eyes trail down his body, taking in the outfit; dark jeans and a black sweater—a sweater? Hello, Mr. Rogers—he’s slightly overdressed for the occasion.
“You’re just a little”—I hold up my hands, using my fingers to accentuate—“overdressed,” I tell him.
“Who’s overdressed?” Harley asks from the couch, her eyes surveying over the sugar buffet we’ve created.
“Zephyr,” I answer. I see her eyes roll. “I’m inviting him to our girl’s night?”
“Only if he can handle the gore,” Harley shoots back.
With a slight hesitation, Zephyr nervously asks, “What gore?”
I don’t tell him. With a smirk, I do tell him, “Change into some sweats, this party has a dress code.” I let him look me over in my lounge attire, and I see happiness light his eyes. I love the feeling of his eyes on me. Interrupting his brief perusal, I say, “Then head back over.”
After ten minutes, Zephyr’s on my couch, clutching a bag of Doritos while Saw plays on the giant flat screen television Hilary won in a church raffle—back when we went to church. To make sure that we had enough blood, guts, and dismemberment, Harley grabbed the Saw series—all seven movies, including the 2003 short film—from her house, stealing it from her brother’s room. Zephyr brought over his Hostel series, all three movies. Me, I contributed Wrong Turn and its four sequels. Hilary loves these types of movies.
I know we won’t get through every movie today—we just love options.
Within twenty minutes, I’m lightheaded and bending to rest my head between my knees with Zephyr rubbing his hand on my back in large, soothing circles.
I hear his snicker quietly.
“Shut up,” I mutter from between my knees.
Halfway through Saw III, Hilary walks in to find us surrounded by food wrappers and empty soda cans. We’re cowering on the couch, huddled together. I’m nearly buried behind Zephyr and Harley is sitting in my lap, clutching my arm so tightly, her nails are drawing blood.
“What are you three doing?” she asks loudly, causing us all to jump and yelp with extreme fright. None of us heard her walk through the door, which is weird because we can see the front door.
“Horror—movie—marathon,” I respond between long gasps. I clutch my hand to my racing heart, willing it to calm down, willing the air the refill my lungs.
It takes a few moments, but we all calm down and Harley backs away. I stay tucked beneath Zephyr’s arm.
“Is that Saw?” my aunt asks, her head tilting to the side as she watches someone wake up in a trap. The usual MO for this film.
“Number three,” Harley answers, reaching for a bowl of Cheetos on the table. The last bowl of chips was thrown into the air—by me. The remains are scattered around us.
Cleaning later should be loads of fun.
“I love these movies,” Hilary replies, grabbing the package of Oreos from the table and taking a seat in the recliner against the front window.
“Only you would say that, Aunt Hil,” Zephyr states with a nervous laugh. He was actually scared earlier, but I know he won’t admit it. He’s too manly for emotions
“And me,” Harley offers, her orange dusted hand rising into the air proudly.
“You so don’t count,” I counter, lightly tapping her on the back of the head. “You were just as scared as me a moment ago.” The smile drops from her face. She’s caught and she knows it, ha. “And Aunt Hil is the only one demented enough to do anything like this.” I motion to the screen in front of us.
“Not that I ever would, Joey,” Hilary defends from her chair. “Unless provoked,” she says quieter before popping an Oreo in her mouth, catching all of our curious attention. We all stare, openmouthed, at the woman who is my guardian, my caregiver.
“Now I’m scared,” Zephyr tells me as I lean back to my original place under his arm, his hand rubbing my upper arm slowly.
“As well you should be, young Zephyr,” Hilary says, a tiny giggle escaping her lips.
I snort loudly, Harley chokes on a chip, and Zephyr stiffens. I can only imagine the look on his face at this precise moment.
“Gosh, take a joke, will ya, kid?” My aunt’s joking, thankfully. “Not that I don’t love slasher movie marathons and all that but I thought you were going to the dance?” my aunt asks, distracted.
Again, really, can’t a girl change her mind around here?
“Plans change.”
Plans change. Shoes change. Feelings change. People change. Everything changes around here.
I reach past Harley to steal a Cheeto from the bowl in her lap, quickly popping it into my mouth and mashing it between my teeth with too much force. I accidentally bite the inside of my cheek, wincing lightly at the pain.
“It’s good to see Zephyr lounging on our furniture again,” she says with a full mouth, her words muffled between the bits of munched food. “I kind of missed him. Ryder doesn’t have the same flare.”
At the sound of his name, I grab a handful of Cheetos and stuff them into my mouth before I take a long drink from my Mountain Dew. Zephyr taps me on the head, beaming at me when I turn to look at him with a mouth full of Code Red. I swallow before I reach up and pull his long, dark locks lightly in a tease, watching him wince with faux-pain.
“I know what you mean,” I tell my aunt once my mouth is empty. I am truly happy that Zephyr is back in my life. I wouldn’t trade him for anything. No Ryder can compete with Zephyr—he is one of a kind.
“Wait a minute,” Harley starts loudly. It’s as if she is having an epiphany. “Does that mean I no longer have to feign interest in football at lunch?”
Since when did Harley feign interest in anything Ryder said at lunch? She glared at him. She pictured launching Chinese throwing stars at his face. I know these things because she told me.
“That’s exactly what it means,” I tell her, lightly kicking her in the side with my pink-socked foot.
Ryder, as of last night, is out of my life. Good riddance. I don’t know why he wanted in my life to begin with, maybe last night had something to do with it—he wanted something and I just wouldn’t give it to him. I am looking forward to a normal lunch at school again.
“YES!” Harley yells with exuberance, Cheetos flying from the bowl as her arms punch into the air.
“What if I started talking about football right now?” Zephyr quietly asks me, whispering into my ear. His breath against my skin sends a shiver up my spine, one that shocks me.
“You’d be heavily ignored,” Harley warns, her eyes shooting toward him, throwing the metaphorical daggers into his direction.
“Noted,” Zephyr mumbles, nodding his head in understanding. He knows if he starts talking about football, he’s going to be wearing the bowl of anything on his head.
After a few minutes and a few more overly exaggerated kills on the flat screen, Harley snaps her attention to me. “The only downside to us just camping out on your couch all night,” she starts, popping a chip into her mouth. “Is that no one’s going to know what your dress looks like.”
“Jamie took a picture,” I confess. They seem to ignore me.
“You should show us,” Zephyr says. His hand taps me on the head. Again.
“I want to see it,” Hilary chimes from the recliner. She hasn’t seen it. I didn’t show her when I bought it, I never brought it up during the past two weeks while it sat on the back of my closet door.
“No, I shouldn’t,” I say to Zephyr and Harley, even Hilary. “I’m returning that thing.” I’ll be sad to see it go; it really is a beautiful dress.
“Please!” Harley and Zephyr beg at the same time. This feels like a set up. Maybe they rehearsed this when I hit the bathroom an hour ago. Harley juts out her pierced bottom lip in a forced pout, putting on the puppy dog eyes. Damn.
“Pretty please?” Hilary begs, using her own form of pouting and begging.
I look to the three of them, all trying to convince me to change out of my comfortable sweats—my pants feel like a cloud, no lie—and change into a formal gown. Are they serious?
“No,” I tell them, attempting to make a stand. I refuse.
“We should at least see you in it before you return it,” Harley reasons, making a good and valid point. But, like a little girl stomping her foot in frustration, I just don’t want to.
And yet, I know I have to, damn it.
“Fine,” I stubbornly relent, shoving my way from the comfortable couch and warm nook I created beneath Zephyr’s arm. “Pause the stupid movie, I’ll be right back,” I grumble, stomping up the stairs. I hear my supposed friends snicker behind me. Some friends you are.
In my room, I drape the plastic covered dress across my unmade bed. I untie the bottom of the bag it hangs in, and strip out of my clothes, quickly slipping the dress over my head. I feel it fall down my body, falling down my legs softly until it hits the floor. I don’t bother with the shoes, I don’t need them to walk through my house, and they are getting my hair the way it is—unruly and messy.
“Okay?” I call once I start walking down the hall, holding the fabric of the gown to keep me from tripping and tumbling down the stairs. I can’t return this if it’s covered in my blood.
“Wait!” Harley yells up to me. “You should make an entrance,” she calls.
An entrance? …the hell?
I stop in my tracks, rolling my eyes in frustration. “Who are you and what have you done with my best friend?” I yell down to the main floor, seriously wondering if I should be concerned. “I think you’ve switched bodies with Kennie or something.” I need to look for blonde hair peeping from beneath a wig when I walk into the living room. This can’t be Harley Davidson.
And yes, her full name is Harley Davidson—after the motorcycle manufacturing company. Her dad was in a biker gang when he met her mother. His first born, which he thought was going to be a boy—the doctor told them they were having a boy—turned out to be a girl. They still liked the name and it stuck. Then they had a boy, named Arthur, after one of the founders of the company.
It’s a fun family story, a cute story—it’s better than mine. My full name, Josephine, comes from Josephine Baker, the talented dancer and my mother’s idol growing up. She aspired to be the next Josephine Baker one day but when her dreams fell short because of one decision she made, she decided to immortalize her dreams with me.
As the memory comes to me suddenly, as most of them do, my hand instinctively clutches the locket I never take off. The locket that somehow matches the dress I wanted to wear tonight.
Quickly, I push it aside. It’s a little too heavy for this moment.
“Shut up, would ya?” That’s the Harley I now.
“You can come down the stairs now.” That’s Hilary’s voice. No doubt, she is waiting for this. She’s never seen me in a formal gown.
“What type of entrance can I…” I start, walking down the stairs—trying hard not to stumble—while bright lights flash in my face, blinding me with every step I take. Spots flutter in my already horrible vision. “Are you taking pictures of me?” Stupid question. Another bright flash followed by another. I swear Hilary has a—what the hell?­—video camera attached to her hand.
When did I walk into a teen movie?
“We need to remember the night you could have danced away,” Hilary says, angling a lamp my way to better the lighting.
“Fu—” I stop myself as her kind expression hardens. “Forget you,” I joke, censoring myself as best I can in front of my aunt. Harley gets it instantly, her smile widening as she pauses between pictures.
Zephyr lowers his phone, walking over to me. “You look truly beautiful,” he whispers in my ear. That now familiar shiver runs through my body and I feel my cheeks flush with heat. Harley and my aunt talk about how great and wonderful I look. They then comment on what a shame it will be to return this dress. “You sure you want to return that?” Zephyr asks louder, letting the other two hear him.
“What would I wear this to?” I ask, catching the attention of Harley and my aunt. They’ve both stopped talking and just stare at me as my hand clutches the smooth black fabric draped by my legs.
“You should just save it, honey,” Hilary recommends. Flash. “Keep it for some special occasion.” Flash.
“Like what?”
Flash. “Something will come up in the future,” Harley comments, sadly. Her brown eyes cast downward. She shrugs her shoulders before looking up, “I’m sure of it, you in that dress—that is a sight anyone will want to see.”
Hilary nods, agreeing with her partner in crime. “I think I’m going to head on up to bed,” she tells us, disrupting the brief moment we created. She yawns widely, letting us know how tired she really is. “I work tonight, see you later.” She walks through the living room, stopping in front of me. Flash. “You really look beautiful, Joey, your mother…” her voice catches. She takes a deep breath to stop the tears I see glistening her eyes.
“I know, Aunt Hil,” I tell her quietly.
She nods, her hands covering her mouth, before she makes her way up the stairs to her room.
Zephyr looks to Harley, wondering if he should say anything. Harley looks to me, wondering if she should say anything. I am the first to break the silence.
“I’m changing out of this now,” I tell them, turning to ascend the stairs.
“No, you shouldn’t,” Harley blurts, grabbing my arm to prevent me from fleeing up the stairs to the safety of my room.
“I’m not just going to hang out on the couch in this, Harley.”
“I know that, wackadoo.” She laughs. “Forget the future. You should wear that to the dance tonight.”
Is she serious?
“What are you talking about?” I ask her, wondering if she was hit in the head when I wasn’t looking. This can’t be my friend.
“It’s in two hours, we could all go together,” Harley offers excitedly. Has she lost her ever-loving mind? “Just a little bit, at least?”
She has lost it, okay. I’m in search of a new friend. One sane and less dance obsessed…
But this idea does make her look happy.
Still, I don’t want to go to Homecoming.
“We could,” Zephyr offers.
She’s contagious, damn it!
But wait! There could be a problem with this plan. “Harley, we didn’t buy tickets,” I remind her.
Her face falls.
“They sell tickets at the door,” Zephyr chimes.
It’s official, I have no idea what is going on with them. Since when do they want to dance?
“You have switched bodies with Kennie,” I state slowly, letting her bright smile infect me. Harley looks elated for this, like really freaking happy to go to a school dance. It makes sense she would be happy, she’s been sad whenever someone mentioned the dance. It could be fun. I’ll make it fun even if only for Harley—she is one of my best friends. “And you’re for this … this plan?” I turn to Zephyr, half expecting him to laugh in my face and tell me he was joking the entire time.
I so want him to do just that.
But he doesn’t.
He shrugs his shoulders. “I’m up for anything,” he replies, that mischievous smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.
Well, some help he is.
“Do either of you even have anything to wear?” I wonder, dropping my hand to my thigh, hearing the soft slap. Now that we have a plan, we need to figure out what we need, what we’re doing.
“Not really,” Zephyr answers—as expected. “But what the hell, right?”
“Just let me change back into normal clothing.” I run up the stairs, quickly changing into jeans and a t-shirt, and tell my aunt, before she’s dead to the world, that I am heading out. I tell her I changed my mind, yet again, and I am going to Homecoming. She smiles to me before she closes her eyes and falls asleep, snoring lightly as I close the door and head back down the stairs.
Twenty-Two
We pile into Harley’s tiny two-door Honda Civic and start our way to the mall… yet again. Zephyr struggles in the back seat to find a comfortable sitting position but Harley and me in the front drown out his moans and groans with music—mostly Otep. We arrive at the mall and Harley—I can’t express how much this surprises me—excitedly bounces. She searches the racks of the first store she drags us to—the one Kennie took us to last weekend to buy her blue dress. Zephyr and I watch as she instantly grabs a red dress from the rack in the back, the one I saw her looking at last weekend, and tries it on in the fitting room.
“I have spent way too many weekends and way too many man hours looking for dresses for this stupid dance,” I tell him as he leans against the wall beside me. I am sitting on the only stool in the store scrolling through my Facebook feed on my phone.
“Your dress is perfect,” he tells me. I feel his hand rest lightly against my shoulder, his thumb making tiny circles against the blade. It is such a small touch, an intimate gesture, I can’t help but smile. Thankfully, he can’t see it.
Harley pops from the dressing room, the happiness so obvious in her wide, toothy grin, clad in a knee length red dress with capped sleeves and a high neckline. “What do you think?” she asks, spinning in a slow circle, desperate for our honest—but kind—opinion.
“That one’s great.” I’m not lying. She has found the perfect dress. I enjoy watching her smile and spin. It’s a rare sight to see a happy girl take over my friend’s body, so rare that I barely recognize.
I feel as if I am seeing her for the first time. I never knew this part of her—school dance happy. Has she always wanted to venture to school dances? I never noticed. Maybe it’s a new thing. Maybe she finally decided she wanted to act like a normal high school student and spend too much money just to dance in a hot, sweat-filled gym that smells like socks.
“You look great,” Zephyr says, glancing back to me.
“I’m excited,” Harley squeals. I can see she is. I believe this is her first school dance. She’s as antisocial as I am.
She purchases the dress and we head back to my house to get ready together. Zephyr ditches us to dress at his house, and we plan to meet in my living room in an hour.
I curl Harley’s light brown hair, letting the curls fall around her face, framing her heart shaped face beautifully. She does her own makeup, going for a natural look rather than her dark, black, gothic/emo look she wears daily. It works much better with her dress. She leaves in her lip ring, adding an edge to the sophisticated look.
My friend looks beautiful.
I curl my own hair, after washing it, and pin it up, letting a few curls escape and fall around my face. I use minimal makeup, not entirely sure what to do. But I do wear my mother’s floral cuff, aside from the silver, it sort of works with the dress. Even if it didn’t match at all, I would still wear it—my mother bought it for her junior year Homecoming dance, it seemed perfect for this occasion.
An hour passes and Harley and I are dressed and ready. Zephyr walks through the front door wearing a black suit with a black tie. He kind of reminds me of a secret service agent, he only needs an earpiece and dark sunglasses. He holds out two boxes, both holding a colorful corsage.
“When did you get these?” I ask as he slips a red rose on Harley’s wrist. It matches her dress nicely and her smile grows wider as she looks at it on her wrist.
“I had a little time to spare,” he tells me, slipping a pink lily on my wrist. He remembered my favorite flower. My cheeks heat in a flush as the thought floats through my mind. I feel giddy. “I know it doesn’t match—”
“I don’t care,” I blurt. “I love it, Zeph.” My smile large. I feel happy—happier than I would have been if I were still going to this thing with Ryder.
We pile—gracefully, I might add—into Harley’s little car. I take the passenger seat and Zephyr crawls into the back. The drive to the school is a little nerve racking. I’m nervous because I’ve never been to one of these before. Normally, this isn’t my scene. I’m not the type to spend more than the average school day being vulnerable. Harley pulls the car into the lot, taking a spot near the front of the building, and we sit in the car, mentally preparing for whatever is going on inside.
I am picturing madness. Complete and utter madness. A little chaos as well. Complete with pop music as the soundtrack.
“You two ready for this?” I ask, nerves trembling my body. My hands start shaking, a sign I’m scared, and I clasp them together, lacing the fingers in my lap.
I really don’t want to run into Ryder. He is the last person that I want to see. Actually, he doesn’t even rank on the list. Not sure what I would do if I did see him.
Probably maim him. That is a high possibility.
“I have two dates for a school dance,” Zephyr calls from the back seat. “Oh yeah, let’s do this!”
He is oddly excited about this. It makes me laugh, something I need right now. I pull down the visor, using the mirror to check my makeup, but catching Zephyr’s eyes. I silently thank Zephyr for being… well, Zephyr. I doubt I could do this without him by my side.
“Let’s go,” Harley demands. Being bossy works for her.
We make our way through the line—Harley and I shivering like leaves on a windy day—showing our student ID cards to one of the people at the front table. I think it’s someone’s parent.
“Three, please.” The teacher next to the parent, I think she teaches Algebra I, hands Zephyr the red tickets. Zephyr holds them out, saying, “Here are your tickets, ladies.” We take them and lace our arms with his, letting him lead the way through the double doors. “I feel like James Bond, right now,” he whispers to me.
I giggle.
Zephyr smiles.
As a trio, we walk into the building, amid familiar faces. Some nod to us, because of their good friend, Zephyr. Others just look at us with shock and awe. They are surprised. Why? I didn’t know it was so surprising, so shocking, for us to be at a school function together. Or maybe it’s just because I am here.
I bet that is it.
I notice Kennie standing among a scantily clad group of girls with Duke on her arm. He continuously steals glances at her when she isn’t paying attention. There’s love and admiration in his eyes. Kennie, of course, doesn’t notice. Her full-length blue gown glints in the fluorescent light. She left her long hair falling down her back so it could hide the dark birthmark on her back. She hates it. She thinks it looks like a hatching egg, only instead of a bird, she thinks it looks like Cthulhu is emerging from her skin.
I have weird friends.
Her eyes glance over, spotting us standing near the door. Shock is clear on her face as she leaves her group and walks toward us. “Joey! Harley! You both look wonderful”—she shakes her head—“beautiful,” Kennie compliments as she walks up to us, tugging her boyfriend. A look of relief fills his face. “Don’t they look great, Duke?” she presses.
“Yeah, great,” Duke answers. His eyes trail back to Kennie, not even giving us a look. It’s cute, really, how much he appreciates her. Briefly, he acknowledges Zephyr with a, “Hey, man,” but his attention falls back to Kennie.
“It’s good to see you both have worked out your differences.” Kennie smiles widely as she stares at my arm locked with Zephyr’s. “And you look good, Zephyr.”
“I’m one lucky guy,” Zephyr tells them, lightly pulling on my arm. His gesture pulls me closer to him, his scent filling every one of my senses.
“I’ll say,” Duke replies, smiling to me, then to Harley, before settling his eyes on his girlfriend of the past year and a half. 
Behind me, I hear someone call Zephyr’s name. I look over my shoulder, as does everyone else, and watch Avery walk up, circling us until he is standing next to Duke. They do their usual weird handshake. “I didn’t think you’d show up,” he says.
Slowly, his eyes move from me to Zephyr—a smile slowly breaking his face—to Harley. I swear I see him blush right there. And it isn’t hard to miss. Hmmm… I never thought I’d see Avery O’Reilly in a suit and tie. He doesn’t look so bad. He actually cleans up pretty nicely. Damn.
Zephyr glances to me. “It was a last minute decision,” he tells Avery. “All Harley’s idea.” Avery looks to Harley and smiles. Yep, he’s definitely blushing. “You didn’t bring a date?” he questions.
“No, dude, I decided to just come alone,” Avery tells us. “Maybe hang with Jackson if I can pry him off, I’m mean away, from Ksenia.”
They share a laugh. “Good luck with that, man,” Zephyr tells him. “You could just hang around with us all night.” He turns to me, sympathy on his face. “You don’t have a problem with that, do you?”
“How could I have a problem with Avery?” I ask .
“You look very nice, Joey,” Avery tells me.
“Thank you,” I reply. “You, too.”
I’m waiting for him to ask, to mention my original plans with Ryder, but he ignores them. Thank God! I don’t think I can tell him—I know I can’t tell him, or anyone—but I’m just wondering if he’ll mention our conversation from last night.
His blue eyes shyly turn toward Harley, who is busy looking around the large group of people surrounding us, and I know the previous night is the farthest thing from Avery’s mind. His eyes light up the moment he looks at Harley. “You, Harley, look simply breathtaking.”
Harley turns bright red with a flush. I’ve never seen her so much as embarrassed before, and here Avery has turned her cheeks the same color as his hair. Where has he been the past three years? Kennie and I exchange looks, noticing something here, something that could blossom into something beautiful for our friend.
“So what happened to Ryder?” Kennie finally asks.
I was waiting for that.
Leave it to Kennie to ask the hard questions. Or, at least to ask the questions I don’t want to answer.
It catches everyone’s attention, and I think ears around us perk up. Everyone saw the spectacle he created at lunch a few weeks back, they all expected me to be here with Ryder. They want to know why I am with someone else. But can’t they ask him that question?
Is he not here?
“I don’t really want to talk about it,” I tell her, avoiding the topic of him all together.
Kennie shrugs, ready to move on to the next subject. Thank her for that, really. But something brings us back to Ryder.
“That could be what happened to him.” Harley, who has moved to stand by Avery, points behind me. I turn and see Ryder and Alexia walking in through the doors. They both attract attention. Ryder by his—God forgive me for these next words—good looks and Alexia for her dress. Sweet Jesus, if you could even call that scrap of cloth a dress. I’m surprised she got through the doors, her hot pink monstrosity, something I remember Jamie picking up in the store for us to mock, would be better qualified as a shirt. Or belt.
“That was fast,” I mumble, not bothered by it. “Whatever!” I announce with enthusiasm when all eyes turn to me, some expecting me to be upset, some not knowing what to expect at all. “Let’s have fun.”
That surprises them.
I grab Zephyr’s arm and pull him into the dark, decorated gym. It’s not too bad. Each corner is dedicated to a season. My favorite is the first corner I see at the far end of the gym—it’s the winter section. It is completely white and gives the same look of purity I see when it snows outside. The fake trees stuck to the walls are white and covered in the paper-confetti fake snow.
“Wow,” I sputter.
“This is surprising,” Zephyr says under his breath.
Not wasting any more time of school-approved fun, I pull Zephyr onto the dance floor, forcing him to dance with me. Harley and Avery are behind me, Kennie and Duke behind Zephyr, and all of us are just grooving—pathetically—to the music. This is exactly how I pictured a school dance to be: fun with my friends. Definitely better than any of the parties I’ve been to.
Zephyr takes my hand and spins me, twirling me so fast that I collide into him, laughing loudly, enjoying the feel of his arms clasped around me.
That makes me feel awkward.
At the start of the next song, we girls ditch the guys, and Kennie, Harley, and I are dancing with each other. Well, not really dancing, more like bouncing around like small children on a sugar fix. When we came in, we had to ditch our shoes down in the cafeteria so no one would ruin the polished gym floors, that made jumping and bouncing easier.
A slow song starts and Duke immediately steals Kennie back, swaying her to the center of the spacious room. I look over to Zephyr and Avery and they arere talking with Jackson, Harley is laughing at something Ksenia just said, and I take a moment to sneak to the bathroom to splash some water on my heated cheeks.
While I am staring into the mirror, trying to fix the line beneath my right eye, Alexia walks in with her clutch clicking repeatedly in her hand. I only brought my school ID, my keys, and phone, all of which are tucked inside Zephyr’s right pocket. She walks to the mirror, removes her mascara, pops her mouth wide open, and starts applying it to her eyes.
We are alone in the bathroom.
Her heavily lined eyes glance to me in the large mirror. “This must be awkward for you,” Alexia starts before she blinks her eyes quickly.
The little voice in my head tells me not to reply but I can’t help it. “Why?” I ask. I’m not in the mood for this with her. I’m actually having a good time—a great time. Alexia has a knack for ruining those for me.
“Ryder and me,” she replies, matter-of-factly. “It’d be weird for me if I were in your shoes.” Alexia still hasn’t directly looked at me.
But you’re not in my shoes, bitch.
If only I were brave enough to say that.
But I don’t. I bite my tongue like a good little girl despite how much it pisses me off.
“Whatever you say, Alexia,” I grumble, backing away from the mirror and heading toward the sinks on the other side of the room. I need to wash my hands. “I don’t care what you do, Alexia, or what he does.”
No truer words have ever been spoken.
She follows me across the room. “You’re here with Zephyr, huh?” she asks, sounding… different. Alexia sounds curious, and that weirds me out. Now my body is on full alert for anything dangerous.
Alexia doesn’t just talk to me. She always has some kind of agenda.
She walks to the nearest sink and sets her clutch, which is silver and matches the heels she was wearing earlier, by the mirror. Quickly, she turns the faucet, turning on the water. The sound filling the silence between us. But she doesn’t do anything with it. She just lets it run.
Weird.
“Zephyr and Harley,” I tell her. Her eyes lift up to mine. There is something in her stare, something intense and un-Alexia. I just can’t identify it. “I’m having fun with my friends. That’s all that matters for me.”
She opens her mouth to say something but she’s cut off before any word can leave her lips.
“What’s taking you so long?” Harley asks as she walks into the bathroom. She spots Alexia and immediately comes to my defense. “What are you saying to her?” she demands of the other girl, her hands finding her hips.
“Nothing, Harley.” I look over to Alexia. She just looks away and turns off the water. Whatever I saw earlier is gone. She’s normal-Alexia now. Prim, perfect, bitchy Alexia. “Let’s just head back out there.”
I pause before following Harley through the door. I pause long enough for Alexia to say what she needed to say—it looked like it could’ve been important to her, and I would give her the chance to say it despite my better judgment—but she just snapped her clutch closed and focused on her face and makeup.
Ignoring the random moment in the bathroom, we spend the rest of the time dancing and making fun of each other’s dance moves—mostly everyone else making fun of me and my two left feet—I feel like a disgrace to my mother’s dancing memory, but what can I do? I even have a conversation with Ksenia Ivanov, which doesn’t normally happen. She’s a lot nicer than I thought, though the strain in my neck from looking up at her is too much to handle. Ksenia’s nearly six-foot-two, a star forward on the basketball team.
Did I mention her Russian accent is just downright adorable?
Although, people kept giving me weird looks when I passed, and I don’t mean the usual looks I’ve received throughout the years, new ones. Disturbing ones, even. I ignore them for the most part. I’m not going to let them ruin my night.
At midnight, the dance officially ends, and Avery walks us out to the car. Though, I suspect it wasn’t to see all of us out safely. Only Harley. It was cute, really. They were inseparable. Soon, we are heading home and Harley is repeatedly sighing like a little girl in love with a teen idol she saw on television.
Aww, young love. So beautiful when it blossoms.
“I never thought I’d ever say this,” Harley starts when she turns onto my street. “But that was fun.”
Hmmm, the dance or Avery? I bite my tongue.
“We should definitely do it again next year,” I tell her, meaning it. I wouldn’t mind going to another school dance this year, even.
“Yes we should!” Harley exclaims as her car pulls into my empty driveway. “Same time next year,” she adds. “I’ll see you two at school on Monday.”
I slide out of the car, Zephyr behind me, and walk up to my house. At the door, I lean against Zephyr as he drapes his arm over my shoulder and slink my hand into his jacket pocket to take out my keys.
“I think someone replaced my friend.” I walk into the living room, tossing my keys on the table by the door. Now that I am inside, I don’t feel the need to wear shoes, so I lean forward, fighting gravity to unbuckle the strap of my sandal.
“That was fun,” Zephyr tells me as he grabs my hips to prevent me from falling flat on my face. “I usually avoid dances.”
“Me too.” As if he didn’t already know that.
I successfully tug off my sandals, lock the front door, and start my ascent up the stairs. I launch my sandals into my closet, letting them join the others that clutter the floor with a soft thud.
Yanking up the top blanket, I take a seat on my bed. After all the movement, all the dancing, I did tonight, it feels good just to sit down, lie back, and relax.
“We didn’t get to dance together that much.” Zephyr’s still standing, leaning, in fact, against the frame of my door, his hands stuffed in his pockets, as I lie back on my bed.
I apologize as my hands start to remove the bobby pins from my hair. “Yeah, they kind of kidnapped me for most of the songs, huh?” I giggle sheepishly.
I wouldn’t have minded a dance with him. The thought of our bodies pressed together, swaying to music, is enough to make me flush in nervous embarrassment.
He takes a few steps into my room, holding out his hand. “Come here.”
After letting my hair down, I place the pile of pins on my nightstand. “What?” I ask, standing up from the bed and taking a step closer to him. Something about me, something I’ve never felt before, starts to heat. Something lower than my cheeks. “You want to dance… now?” I ask, letting a little nervous giggle escape my mouth.
“No better time than the present.” He takes my hand and pulls me closer to him slowly. He takes one of my hands and places it on his shoulder while one of his finds my hip. Our other hands clasp together.
“There isn’t any music playing,” I tell him quietly, pointing out the obvious. I mean, I have no rhythm with music—I don’t want to see my dancing without music.
Shaking his head, I see the smirk cross his lips. Zephyr walks to my nightstand, clicking on my iPod to select a song, and placing it on the dock of my iHome. The Pretty Reckless’ You starts playing quietly through the tiny speakers. He smiles to me.
“You’re weird,” I tell him as he walks toward me, taking my hand again.
Gently, we resume our position, and start to sway to the music. He’s leading, of course.
At this moment, I take in his scent, woodsy, soapy, and him, and I feel home. I know I’m home when I’m with him. And that calms me.
He pulls me closer to him, tucking my head beneath his chin. “How is this?” he asks quietly.
“Nice,” I tell him, breathlessly. I can’t even begin to express how nice this is, just to be with him like this.
We continue to dance through the rest of the album, staying so close through the fast songs, and I realize I never want to lose Zephyr. I don’t think I would be able to survive without him. And there is something more. A deeper feeling developing within me I can’t describe. With practice, maybe. I just need to find the words.
Twenty-Three
Sunday morning and I wake up with a wide grin on my face. Last night was so much fun, I would be happy to relive it again. And again. I’m on such a high; I’m not sure what can knock me down. So I decide to make myself useful around the house and clean. Throughout most of the morning, I clean the living room—because that disaster is my fault, the kitchen, and the upstairs bathroom. I never remember the downstairs bathroom and no one ever uses it, so I’m happy to leave it untouched. Then I tackle some homework I’ve been neglecting—there isn’t much. I practice my violin and the pieces for class, playing through Brandenburg three times before I’m bored. Next thing I do is walk into the living room and plant my butt in front of the standing piano, playing through a piece I learned when I was ten.
Hilary walks from the kitchen into the living room carrying her favorite coffee mug—it’s painted to match the TARDIS from Doctor Who—spotting me at the piano. Her face breaks into a smile. “I didn’t know you still played,” she says, a yawn punctuating her sentence. “I’m not here so much I don’t really know what you do, or like to do, anymore.”
“I play occasionally,” I tell her, pressing down on a key. The sharp ping of the note floats through the air. “When the violin bores me.” I poke at another key, hearing the low bong.
My aunt takes a sip from her mug before asking, “What about that old guitar?” she asks, holding the mug in front of her face.
“Mom’s?” The pale pink acoustic guitar my mom used when she was a teenager—her first guitar. It’s sitting in my room near the closet, collecting dust. “I still play that, too. It makes me feel like she’s here.”
“Is that why you still play the piano?” Hilary asks as her hands press down on the keys.
My brows knit together in confusion. “What do you mean?”
“She taught you how to play. You don’t remember that?” Her eyes widen, the green of her irises disappearing when she catches what she said. “Of course you don’t, I’m sorry, sweetie, that was insensitive of me.”
I ignore that. “I thought you got me lessons?”
“No, you were continuing lessons,” my aunt clarifies. She sets her coffee on top of the piano next to a neglected plant. I need to remember to water that. “When I would visit you when you were a kid, Keisha was always at the piano with you on her lap.” She smiles at the memory. I wish I could see it in her mind, see what she remembers. I wish I could remember it. “Ivy hated the piano and Noah would rather have played with the trucks I brought him, you were the only one that wanted to play.”
“I didn’t know that,” I say, hitting a chord.
“I know.” She stares at her hands, silently mulling over something in her head. “I haven’t been telling you much, have I?”
“I understand why you don’t,” I tell her, my hand hitting a minor chord. The sound fills the silence growing between us. “She was your sister, your best friend, you miss her a lot.”
“Oh, honey,” Hilary starts. “She was my sister, yeah, but she was your mother. She gave birth to you. You need to know about her.”
“I know all the important things,” I whisper. “She loved me and my brother and sister. She was taken, as were Noah and Ivy, way too soon.” I lean my head to the side. This is too much emotion for Sunday.
“Honey, even I don’t know all the important things.”
I nod my head slowly.
“Oh, how was the dance last night,” she asks, a poor attempt to change the subject, but I’ll take it. I have yet to fill her in.
“Great. It was great,” I tell her, filling her in on all the jumping around we did, the shopping beforehand, even how Zephyr surprised us with wrist corsages. I even told her how Harley might have an admirer of the sexy kind.
With that little bit of information, she takes her coffee mug and escapes up the stairs to get ready for her next shift at the hospital.
I had to call Jamie to tell her I was now riding to school with her in the mornings, but she already knew. She saw Zephyr with me at Homecoming so she put two and two together, correctly guessing we made up. She asked me what happened with Ryder and I told her things just didn’t work out.
That didn’t stop her from pressing me on Monday morning.
“That sucks,” Jamie whines. She fixes her hair in the rearview mirror as we sit at a traffic light. I’m in the backseat—first time in a long time.
“It’s … whatever, you know?” I shrug my shoulders but she can’t see me. I wish we were already at school. It’s easier to hide.
“Oh, yeah,” she drags out, giggling. Little does she know what happened with Ryder is in no way funny.
I catch Zephyr’s eye when we exit the car in the student parking lot.
“Are you going to tell me what happened?” he asks, leaning close to whisper so Jamie doesn’t overhear. She knows he had to come get me, he needed her keys, but she doesn’t know why. “You know, between you and Harrison?”
I take a deep breath. “There’s nothing to tell.”
“I don’t believe you.”
I wouldn’t expect you to.
Quietly, I answer, “I know,” and leave it at that. We walk through the doors and I leave Zephyr to walk to my locker.
“Shhh, she’s coming,” someone, I think a sophomore based on her short stature and overuse of eye shadow, whispers as I pass her and her little friends. They’re all wearing too much makeup—where do they learn this?—and way too much perfume. I could smell their sickly sweet scent at the entrance to the hall.
They avert their gaze when I walk past; turning their eyes toward the lockers their standing by, like that is inconspicuous.
Great, now they know who I am.
More people stop talking when I walk near them. They try to act as if they aren’t obvious. Yeah, right. Others bolt down the stairs or into nearby classrooms, anything to avoid me. This is new. Someone standing near my locker stares at me—his eyes wide and his mouth open—when I walk up and open my locker. While I am stacking my books on the shelf, this guy stares at me, and I mean really staring at me. He isn’t blinking.
Annoyed with all the attention, I snap, “WHAT?” I forget the books and stare back at him until he does something.
He squeaks—must be a freshman—and bolts down the hall, running into someone before he turns the corner.
I am just making friends left and right around here. I roll my eyes. “Weird,” I mutter under my breath, turning my attention back to my locker.
“Hey,” Harley slides up to my locker, leaning on its neighbor, a wide smile on her face. Her eyes take a wistful appearance as she stares at me. That’s new for her, being happy at school. I wonder if Avery has anything to do with her sudden change.
Ignoring it—even though I really want to ask—I shake my head. “Are people acting weird to you?” I ask, confused. “Well, not to you to you, I mean, like, in general.”
“Actually, yeah,” Harley answers, “but it started when you walked in. Like the literal moment you walked through the door.”
Just what I need right now.
“Great,” I say, deadpan.
Kennie walks up, wearing her tiny uniform—there’s a soccer game tonight—holding her books in front of her body. Her blue eyes dart from Harley to me. She’s obviously nervous about something, the only thing she needs is a hand in her mouth as she bites her nails. That’s always the giveaway.
“I have a question,” she whispers, leaning in close.
I look around us, searching for anyone else in this dead-end part of the hall. We are very much alone, what’s with the secrecy?
Still, I lean in closer. “Okay,” I whisper back, jokingly mocking her. Just like a normal Monday.
She stuffs her hand in her mouth, biting her nails. There’s the giveaway. “Did you sleep with Ryder at Jennifer Lange’s party?”
“Did I WHAT?” I yell, my voice raising an octave, ending in a squeak, as Harley yells, “Did she WHAT?” Our voices echo.
“That’s what Ryder is saying,” Kennie informs us. “That you both hooked up at her party in her dad’s den, on his imported white leather sofa.”
I drop my open backpack to the floor, completely shocked. Pens and pencils fall from the large pocket and roll away along the tile.
It makes sense, really. All the weird looks, all the whispers, even the dance. At the dance, people kept looking at me weird. It just makes so much sense now.
“I think I might kill him,” I tell them, dazed. Harley bends to retrieve my scattered belongings. “I might actually kill someone today. The probability is very, very high.”
“I’ll help,” Harley offers, showing how far her friendship runs with me. “I’ve seen Criminal Minds, Law and Order, and all three versions of CSI. I think I can get away with murder by now.”
“That’s not all,” Kennie quietly continues.
“What else?” I nearly scream.
“Well…” she trails off.
“Kensington Renee Strait,” I seethe, wondering if steam can really blow from the ears like in the cartoons. “You better start talking or so help me—”
“He’s saying that even though you’re a great lay, you’re as crazy as everyone thinks.” My mouth drops open. “I’m sorry, Joey, if I’d known he’d do something like this, I’d never have pressured you to go out with him.”
The tears begin to well, threatening to fall. I’ve heard some stories about me. None of them were true. But there was nothing like this. No one ever said anything like this before.
“You didn’t pressure me to do anything, Kennie,” I tell her. It’s true. This was my own idea, my own mistake. I willingly let him into my life and look what I have to show for it. “It was my mistake.” A mistake, indeed.”
“ZEPHYR!” I hear someone down the hall yell.
Oh, crap…
“Just leave it alone, man!” Avery yells from the end of the hall. The other voice must have been Jackson.
That’s not going to end well.
Not at all.
I start to run toward the voices, hoping to catch Zephyr before he does anything stupid. Kennie and Harley follow behind me. I find him as he pushes his way through the crowd, trying to get to his main destination. If it was possibly, he has murder in his eyes.
With Zephyr, anything’s possible.
I literally bump into Avery, stumbling until he catches me. “Where is he going?” I ask, trying to keep up with him. I can’t see him through the crowd. All I can see are faces—faces everywhere—and none belong to Zephyr.
“He saw Ryder walk down here,” Avery tells me, letting Jackson ahead of him. He turns to me, stopping me. “Joey, I’m sorry for what Ryder is saying about you. We all know it’s shit.”
I nod. I can’t speak. I just need to get to Zephyr. That’s for whom I’m worried. 
“ZEPHYR!” I call when I see his familiar brown hair through the crowd.
“Hey, Harrison,” I hear Zephyr say. I push my way through the crowd, catching a few elbows here and there. Everyone knows there’s about to be a fight and everyone wants to see it. It’s been a long time coming between these two.
I see that cocky smile flash on Ryder’s perfect face. This would be the perfect time for me to wipe it away. But this isn’t about him. It is about Zephyr and preventing him from doing something stupid. Like shoving Ryder’s face through a locker.
Smugly, Ryder says, “Hey, Zephyr, what brings you down here?” His friends start laughing. “Ooh, you look a little mad.” The jackass can’t help but taunt him. He disgusts me.
“Zephyr?” My breathing calms and I want to reach to him. He’s so close. I could touch him. I could pull him back to me. I could reach him… Avery gently grabs my arm, pulling me back toward the crowd and out of harm’s way, preventing me from stopping what is about to happen.
Zephyr doesn’t answer. He doesn’t need to. His fist connects with the left side of Ryder’s face so hard, the sound echoes down the hall. The crowd emits a depressing groan when Ryder’s head snaps back, banging loudly off the locker.
“That’s for taking her out.” I’ve never heard Zephyr so angry—it’s terrifying but I still struggle against Avery knowing I can calm him down. He punches Ryder in the stomach, causing Ryder to double over in pain. “That’s for the shit you’re spreading about her.” Ryder leans back against the lockers for support. His friends deserted the moment Zephyr landed the first punch. They’re smart if you ask me. With one more punch, straight to that perfect nose, Ryder is on the floor, moaning and groaning like a little baby. “And that is for even thinking she’d be dumb enough to actually sleep with you.”
“ZEPHYR!” I scream.
He’s standing over Ryder, his body heaving up and down, his fists tightly clenched, as he stares down at the heap of Ryder at his feet. I yank my arm free from Avery’s grip and walk over to my friend, placing my hand—because I apparently have my own death wish—on his shoulder. He turns, chocolate eyes turned black from anger and fury, until he notices me. Then something in him shifts and he’s calm. Somewhat.
“I think you broke my nose,” Ryder squeals, from the floor, crying like a little bitch I might add. His hands, which were of no use to him, cover his nose, both turning red from the blood.
From the silence, I hear, “Hit him again, Zephyr!” Harley’s excited voice pierces through the noise. I can see her bouncing up and down between Kennie and Avery. She’s enjoying this far too much.
I try and hold in my laughter, failing as I see Harley—so excited—and Ryder—so defeated.
“What is going on here?” Mrs. Taylor, a freshman English teacher asks from outside the gathered crowd. She pushes her way through, most students scattering. Others wait to see the repercussions of what happened between Zephyr and Ryder. I don’t leave Zephyr’s side. I can’t.
Now I know Zephyr will get suspended for protecting me. Again. It’s Bobby Logan all over again.
He can’t go down alone for this, not again. Without rethinking it, in front of Mrs. Taylor, I reel back my foot, and aim for the only place Ryder has left open—stupid boy. It’s sad because he should be protecting that little area most of all. Especially in front of me.
My foot connects with Ryder right below the belt and he lets out the loudest, highest pitched scream I have ever heard. He instantly grabs for his jewels but I know it’s no use. I can’t help the laughter bubbling from me. Neither can Zephyr. Or the rest of the crowd.
That should teach him not to mess with me, or any other girl, again.
“Josephine Archembault. Zephyr Kalivas. Principal’s office,” she demands. Her arms wave wildly in the direction of the main office. “NOW!” she yells when we haven’t moved. “Avery and Jackson. Please take Ryder here to the nurse’s office,” she instructs, pointing to Avery and Jackson. “And if the rest of you didn’t know, that was the bell. You are all late for class.”
Slowly and begrudgingly, Zephyr and I make our way to Principal Grady’s office, taking up the two uncomfortable chairs in front of his desk. He sat behind the large oak monstrosity that took up half the room, his hands folded together, as he stares at the both of us.
“What brings you both to my office?” he asks us, acrimoniously. Neither of us speaks. “What? Cat got your tongues. Lucky for you, Mrs. Taylor already called and filled me in on the situation at hand, here.” He grabs the two file folders from the corner of his desk. “First period hasn’t even begun,” he tells us. I have to suppress my giggle but Zephyr remains expressionless, a stone among us. “Josephine Archembault—4.0 grade point average, AP classes, tutor, orchestra—I have never seen you in here.”
“No, sir,” I respond quietly, trying to be polite to authority.
“I guess there’s a first time for everything,” he tells me, like a curse, before he switches folders. “And Zephyr Kalivas. Your GPA isn’t stellar. It isn’t bad. But your football performance is spectacular. Made the starting varsity lineup your freshman year.” He keeps rambling off facts about both of us. “I’ve never seen you here, either. But tell me this, Mr. Kalivas, why did you punch your teammate hard enough to break his nose?”
Zephyr doesn’t respond. He doesn’t even look to Principal Grady. God help him, he just stares out the window at the student parking lot.
“Well, I know you didn’t just go into a blind rage,” the Principal continues. “That wouldn’t account for why Miss Archembault here kicked him…” he trails off, pausing, his face twisting in confusion. “Where, dear?”
“South of the border, sir.”
Is it wrong how proud I feel?
He winces, no doubt having dealt with injuries there himself in the past. “Now, why did you do that, Miss Archembault?”
I shrug. “It seemed like a good idea at the time.” Zephyr looks over to me, puzzled, his brow knit.
“I’ll have to call parents,” Principal Grady tells us. He catches himself and adds, “And guardians,” for my benefit. “Just tell me what happened and the suspensions won’t be that long.”
“Suspension?” I will be suspended? That little thought never crossed my mind. Suspended? “As in gone? From school? Like, away?”
“Yes, suspension,” he answers, leaning back in his leather chair.
“But I’ll miss tests,” I mutter, dazed. Oh, I feel lightheaded. He knows my GPA. He knows how this will affect me. That is a lot of work I can’t successfully make up. This would ruin me. It would destroy my chances of keeping my 4.0. “And homework assignments and notes.” All the notes I would miss. Oh, no.
“She really had nothing to do with this,” Zephyr suddenly blurts—it is the first time he is spoken since the fight—leaning forward in his chair to connect eyes with the principal. “Don’t punish her. I’ll take the suspension, however long you want to make it.” He is nearly begging. “Sir,” he adds for good measure.
“Tell me what happened,” the Principal offers. “I can’t make any promises but I’ll see what I can do.”
Of course, I want to say.
Instead, I start talking about the fight in the hall, telling him what I can without going into more detail than necessary. Ryder spread a rumor about me—I even told him what the rumor was. Zephyr, as one of my best friends, was defending my honor. The kick was just for good measure.
In the end, I got detention—for the first time in my life—for the next two weeks. I can handle that. Zephyr gets suspended for the week and detention for the following week. Even Ryder got two weeks detention. With a different teacher. That made me smile. He even got a two-game suspension.
“We can’t have students spreading rumors about other students,” Principal Grady tells us. “Especially rumors of that nature.” He signs two slips of paper. “Mr. Kalivas, I know you were only looking out for your friend, and Miss Archembault, I know you’re having a bad morning, but violence is never, ever the answer, okay?”
I nod. Zephyr shrugs.
The principal excuses us from his office, me to second period, because I missed first, and Zephyr home.
Twenty-Four
The rest of the day is a blur—a giant hazy blur. Some people, mostly the people who never liked me, still laugh at me when I pass in the hall. These are the people who like to believe everything they hear about the freak. Then there are the people who praise me for what I did. This is a smaller number than the first group. Some girls give me a thumbs up or attempt to high five me when they pass me in the halls. They are proud of me for showing Ryder Harrison a thing or two. Really, the only thing I showed him was the underside of my black Converse low tops. And, if anything else, I taught him not to make up stories about people, not to spread rumors about girls, and not to leave himself—ahem—open when the girls he’s spread the vicious rumor about is able to hit the family jewels.
I stop by AP Euro to see about the notes I missed. Lucky for me, Mr. Cheney likes me. No, not like that. He likes me as a student. I am kind of the perfect one. I always hand in my homework on time or earlier if I can—which I normally do—I’ll help or tutor struggling students who want the help, I am always the first to raise a hand for tough questions, and I rock at presentations of any kind.
Mr. Cheney hands me a copy of the notes, something he doesn’t do for just anyone, and a spare copy for me to take to Zephyr.
Is he even aware Zephyr has been skipping his class for the past two weeks?
“I’ll make a copy of the notes for him daily,” he tells me, rubbing a hand over his gleaming, bald head. I open my mouth to tell him Zephyr can always borrow my notes but he cuts me off with, “It’s not a problem for me, Joey, and you won’t have to worry about losing your notes to another student.”
If only he knew that with Zephyr living next door, the room across the alley, there is never a chance to lose anything I lend him. I know where he would keep it.
PE isn’t fun, especially with the boring mile, without Zephyr. Today, I’m keeping pace with Harley, barely running, so we can easily talk.
“I heard Ryder had to go home,” she says with a huff. We’re jogging but it’s still difficult for her. You would think by now that she could run this. “Zephyr definitely broke his nose and it is New Year’s for him.”
I’ve never heard that before.
“What?” I ask, slowing down my stride to better suit my friend.
“He’s waiting for his balls to drop,” Harley tells me with a snort.
I snort right along with her.
“I don’t even want to think about that idiot’s balls,” I growl through clenched teeth. If I see Ryder—just see him, he doesn’t even need to breathe in my direction—I will punch him myself. Or castrate him. The latter seems like the better option. “Or any part of his vile anatomy.”
“Are you ever going to tell me about that party?” she asks, slowing down around the corner when we disappear from the coaches’ sight. I drop to a walk, something we are not allowed to do, but I don’t really care.
“No,” I answer, stopping to stretch. I don’t want to run anymore, I just want to stand and stretch my legs until class is over.
“That bad, huh?” she asks breathlessly, stopping to stand next to me. Harley hates stretching so she only watches me.
“You’ve no idea,” I mutter, adding a roll to my eyes. I can’t tell her what really happened. She would go all Rambo on Ryder’s ass. Now, as much as I would like to see that, I am not really in the position to see all of my friends get suspended for defending me.
“Come on, ladies,” Coach Jones, the girls’ basketball coach, yells as she runs up to us. She has a habit of doing the laps with us students. Weird. “Let’s keep running. Lift those knees.”
Yes, ma’am, I think in my head, I really want to accentuate it with a salute, but that is Smart Ass Joey. I’m trying to be Good Student Joey.
So my hand stays down and I just run.
Damn. What a wasted opportunity.
I keep running because it’s gym class and that is what we’re supposed to do in gym: Run, run, listen to the coach, occasionally get smacked in the face with dodge balls, and run.
At lunch, because I can’t take all the weird looks and loud whispers—There she is. Look, there she goes. This it’s true? Who knows?—I hide out in the library near the classics section. Harley joins me, taking the available recliner next to me while I look over Beowulf for my final paper, taking notes in my notebook.
“Kennie’s getting information for me,” Harley tells me once she’s settled into her seat.
“What kind of information?” I ask, my nose stuck in my book. I am almost finished. A few more pages to go.
“I want the lowdown on what happened after Ryder went home.”
“He’s in detention for the next two weeks, like me, and he is suspended from two games,” I tell her, repeating what Principal Grady told me. “I mean, it’s something, right?”
“It’s not enough, Joey,” Harley almost yells. Looking around us, she leans forward, her hands tugging up the front of her low cut top. “People like him go around doing whatever they want despite whoever gets hurt. I want to make him pay. You’re one of my best friends and he’s hurt you. You’ve been through a lot, Joey. I want him to know you’re not just another nameless girl in the crowd. I want him to feel the pain that you’ve felt.”
The pain that I’ve felt … no one should ever experience that.
“I don’t wish that upon my worst enemy, Harley,” I tell her as sincere and serious as I can. I mean it. No one should lose their entire family. No one should feel like they are a problem inflicted upon someone not ready to be a mother.
I think of all the things that Hilary had to give up just for me. Normal people her age are married and starting their families, starting their own lives. At a young age, she was given a kid to raise, a little girl with serious mental issues and medical problems.
There wasn’t a handbook attached to my jacket, no way to know what was right and what was wrong, just me. Little damaged me.
“You’re right about that,” she tells me; regret filling her eyes. “But he needs to suffer.”
The way she says that should worry me, but she’s Harley. She’s a bit creepy to begin with.
“And what do you propose we do about it?” I ask, my mind filling with all things revenge worthy. I hope she doesn’t to Revenge him. I’m not capable of Amanda Clark/Emily Thorne-ing someone. I don’t really have the patience for that. “Do you want to tape him to the flag pole? Maybe take his car and place it on the school roof.” Awkward suggestions. “I don’t know about you, but I am not that strong and I have no idea how to put his car on the roof.”
“You might not,” Harley mutters cryptically. “But I think I do.” She rubs her chin—Holy hell, she’s plotting!
Now, I’m wondering what is going on in that devious little mind of hers when the bell rings and I am walking to my next class. In American Sign Language, we play state-bingo. Mr. Penn signs the state, if we have it on our card and recognize the sign; we black it out with a chip. If we have it and don’t recognize the sign—that happens to my sign partner, Cassie Bell—we just suffer. The prize is five extra points on Friday’s test. In English, I work on my final paper for Beowulf, finishing the rough draft; I only need to type it up. In orchestra, everyone is talking about the very one-sided fight.
“Is it true they were fighting over you?” Marilyn, first chair viola, asks when she passes by me in the instrument storage room. She disappears down a hall and pops out holding her rectangular viola case.
“Not fighting over me,” I clarify. “You mean to tell me you didn’t hear what Ryder said about me?”
That’s a first. A story not making its way down the ladder.
“Who is Ryder again?” she asks. Right now, I realize that Marilyn is a freshman music nerd who doesn’t know many upperclassmen—except for the juniors and seniors in this class. She is very much in the dark about the gossip spreading through the school. Normally, if it doesn’t involve a freshman, it won’t sink down to their level.
I pat her on the shoulder and tell her, “You don’t need to know who he is, dear.” That makes her laugh and we walk to our respective places to start tuning.
My stand partner grabs the sheet music from my case and sets it on the stand, spreading all the pages of Brandenburg. He pushes his glasses up onto his nose—they slide down again—and tightens his bow. He doesn’t look at me. He doesn’t even acknowledge me, which is fine.
Max has been my stand partner since last year when we both moved up to first violin. He transferred schools, extremely excited to join an award winning orchestra rather than deal with his last school’s music program. Suddenly, his eyes start glancing to me, brief, fleeting glances, and I just want him to ask whatever question is on his mind.
Though, knowing him, it isn’t good.
“What is it, Max,” I snap, annoyance settled in my tone. Mrs. Pearl hasn’t arrived so we have a few minutes to talk. I know I am soon going to regret this.
He looks to me, eyes hidden behind thick glasses. “Nothing,” he nearly whispers. He doesn’t look to me again, just ignores my brief outburst. I will never understand this guy.
After orchestra, I walk to Mrs. Taylor’s room, the teacher who happily agreed to lead my detention. Usually, the same teacher holds detentions for the entire school in the same room but I can’t be in the same room as Ryder. So that leaves me with Mrs. Taylor. She lets me finish my calculus homework and a history worksheet Mr. Cheney gave me. After detention, I end up taking a transit bus home—it almost passes my stop.
I am not the type of girl who gets in trouble in school. Hilary has never received phone calls from the principal or a teacher telling her I have done something bad. My nervousness is growing the closer I get to home.
I inch open the door, sneaking a peek into the living room as far as the door allows.
If Hilary isn’t in there, I can just run up to my room and hide in my closet like I used to. That sounds tempting. She could be asleep—I pray she is sleeping—trying to catch up before she starts her next shift. I take a step through the door, quietly closing it behind me.
“Josephine. Elizabeth. Archembault.” I was very wrong. “What were you thinking?” Hilary asks from the dining room table. She has been waiting for me.
“I thought you were sleeping,” I mutter under my breath. I drop my backpack in the nearest chair and stand awkwardly in the middle of the living room. I have never been in trouble before.
“Excuse me?” She crosses her thin arms along her chest and leans to the side, cocking out her hip. She means business. “What did you just say?”
“Nothing,” I reply, avoiding eye contact. I let out a sigh while waiting for the lecture I know is to come. “I wasn’t thinking,” I tell her.
“That’s obvious, for damn sure,” she snaps, I recoil. She thrusts her hand, pointing to the couch. “Sit,” my aunt demands. I take a seat, dropping my gaze to the white carpet. “You’ve never done anything like this before, Joey,” she starts, beginning to pace through the living room. I fold my hands neatly in my lap, twiddling my thumbs. “Why, Joey?” Hilary asks, exasperated. “Why?”
“God, I’m sorry,” I yell. She stops pacing and turns to me. This is the first time I have ever yelled at my aunt. It shocks her as much as it does me.
She composes herself. “Are you?” she questions, her eyebrows skyrocketing.
I snort. “Not for what I did to him,” I admit. When I kicked him, I felt a little surge of power. I felt that I could handle myself. I felt like I didn’t need the protection of anyone. It was only a kick but it made me feel better. Like I was telling everyone else that ever said horrible things about me to shove it where the sun don’t shine. “He deserved that and then some.”
“Why’d you do it?” she asks again, throwing her arm fitfully into the air. “I spoke to Molly, okay? I know Zephyr punched Ryder. Did he say something about Zephyr?”
“No.”
I can tell you—if my mouth will let me—I can just open up and tell you what happened … but my mouth won’t work, it won’t let me reveal anything.
“Well, why, Joey?” she asks, the fight leaving her voice.
I can tell her. I know I can tell her. About the party, about the rumors, about Ryder, I can tell her. I want to tell her. I need to tell her, damn it.
But I can’t.
Hilary takes a seat on the couch next to me, reaching for my hand, but I snatch it away.
“Please, just talk to me, Joey,” Hilary begs. “Were Ryder and Zephyr already fighting and you just got in the middle of it? Was Ryder hurting you in some way? Was Zephyr hurting you? Joey, you need to start—”
“He was talking about me!” I yell at her. “That’s why Zephyr hit him. Because he was telling people at school we hooked up at some party.” And he tried to force me to, Aunt Hil, but I can’t tell you that. “He said that even though I am a great lay, I am as crazy as everyone thinks. Zephyr was defending me.”
It shocks her, her green eyes wide with surprise as I spew out the gory details.
Momentarily. Then things shift.
“Well,” she starts quietly, treading lightly. “Did you?” she asks.
What the hell?
“That’s what you took from that?” I ask, getting angry. No, pissed off. “I just told you that someone, a boy whom you have met, spread a rumor about me and the first thing you ask is if I had SEX WITH HIM!.” Screaming feels really great right now. “WHAT THE HELL, AUNT HIL?”
“No, you didn’t say it was a rumor at first,” she defends, poorly.
“And it’s okay to just assume that your niece is some slut?” I yell back. My aunt recoils from the anger lacing my words. “Some whore sleeping with random guys behind the bleachers in the gym, huh?”
I can’t sit here. I can’t think straight just sitting here.
“That’s not what I said and you know it,” Hilary barks back.
“It’s not different!”
Hilary leans away. “I don’t know, okay. I don’t know how to handle this type of situation,” she tells me. She drops her head in her hands, exhaustion running through her, letting out a long, deep sigh. “I just … I just don’t know what to do here. Okay, I’m not…” she stops herself, her hands covering her mouth before the words escape.
I can’t take this anymore.
“I know that!” I yell, her head snaps up to look at me. “I know you’re not my mom. I got that. You don’t have to keep reminding me every single chance you get.” I shoot up from the couch, just needing to distance myself. I start pacing back and forth. Exhaustion racks my body and I just want to be any place but here.
“Is that what you think I’m doing?” Hilary asks, her voice barely a whisper.
I roll my eyes. “It’s pretty obvious,” I answer, my arms wrapped around me protectively. I am fighting to prevent the tears welling from falling. The last thing I need is to start crying.
“That isn’t what I’m doing here, Joey,” she tells me. I look to her and I see the strain in her eyes, I can hear it in her voice. Her will to try, her determination, I can see it in her. She is trying.
And really, that is all I can ask for, right?
She was chosen at a young age to take care of a little girl. A little girl she barely knew. There wasn’t a handbook. There weren’t any instructions for what to do with me. She was just given a little girl and told to parent. How can I expect her to be what I want? She isn’t my mother—I know and accept that. Mostly. My heart yearns for a mother, for a normal father, for a family, and I am making do with what I was given. I don’t understand what is going right here, right now. I just know what I want.
“Well, you could’ve fooled me,” I tell her, losing my will to fight. I am still angry. I turn on my heels, heading for the front door. I just need to escape.
Hilary stands up from the couch. “Where are you going?” she asks.
There’s no anger, but that doesn’t stop the snarky remark from leaving my lips.
“To make sure that my fellow prisoner is getting his daily dose of bread and water,” I tell her, throwing open the door. It bangs against the closet behind it.
“I have to ground you, Joey.”
“Wouldn’t expect anything less,” I mumble.
With that, I close the door and make my trek across the lawn, jumping over the large rock that separates the yards. I just want to see him, which is all I want. I need to see him.
The sky is an ugly gray and darkening, the air smells like rain. I miss that scent. Finally, the normal Washington weather has arrived, I have been wondering when I would see it, encounter it, and frolic through it. I’ve been wondering when it would finally feel like home to me.
Okay, maybe not frolic through it. But I’m excited.
Twenty-Five
Standing at their door, I take a deep breath, letting the air fill my lungs, inflating me and giving me the courage I need. I don’t want to disturb them. I really hope Jamie answers. I don’t think I am exactly their parents’ favorite person right now. I don’t even think I can look at Molly or Antonios without spilling in hurried speech how sorry I am I got their son suspended. For the second time, no less. I don’t even know what Molly looks like when she’s upset with someone. And she’s the sweetest person I have ever met.
The door opens revealing a yawning Jamie in sweats and a blue t-shirt. She smiles when she sees me. “He’s in his room,” she tells me as she holds the door wide enough for me to pass. I thank her and climb the stairs to the second floor, hurrying my pace down the hall.
I can hear the music through the door. Five Finger Death Punch, The Way of the Fist. How appropriate.
I knock once, twice, three times … but he doesn’t answer. I can picture him standing on the other side of the door, his hand dragging through his hair as he wills whoever is standing in my place to disappear. But it is only me. He can’t want me gone. I can only imagine what his parents said to him. Hilary is one thing, but I have never done anything wrong before.
I knock again before saying, “Open the door, Zeph, it’s me.”
The moments that pass seem endless. I don’t know what he is thinking, I don’t know what he is feeling, I just want to be there for him, and wherever he is, that is where I want to be. For some reason, I feel he needs me.
The door inches open. I can see a brown eye look at me through the crack of the door. With confirmation, he holds the door wider and I walk into his room noticing everything familiar about it. The blue walls, the gray-and-blue striped bedspread, messed up and rumpled. There are a few posters on his walls, like the standard bands and sports teams—then there are the random posters of famous paintings. He has more of those than anything else.
I turn around, coming face to face with a shirtless Zephyr. And, sweet baby Jesus, the boy has been working out. There are abs I’ve never seen before chiseled into his stomach, and I have seen him shirtless plenty of times. My hand slightly lifts, ready to caress his stomach. It’s developed a mind of its own.
But the main question is: When did my best friend get so … ripped?
Holy hell.
I really shouldn’t notice how his abs ripple down into his basketball shorts, or the thing I have heard other girls call the happy trail … and holy balls! I need to stop. I need to stop now!
Pretending I am not flustered—or forcing myself to ignore it—I plop onto his bed, as I normally do when in his room, and feel the heat seep through my jeans. He was lying on his bed before I walked in. Somehow, that makes this feel more intimate. I can picture it. His long hair splayed around his head mimicking a drawn sun, one arm behind his head, the other draped along his taut stomach. Gasp. Maybe his legs were crossed at the ankles—maybe he had one knee bent.
“What’re you doing here?” he asks, still standing near the door with his hands tucked into the pockets of his shorts.
I don’t know how to answer that. There are many things floating through my head, many things shifting around in my mind, but the only thing that makes the most sense is safe. To me, safe means Zephyr. That might be weird to tell him, a little too personal, so I command myself to say something different.
“Visiting my partner in crime,” I answer. Partially the truth. That’s all that matters, yeah? “You’re allowed visitors, right?” I force a smile hoping that he joins me. His lips stay in a tight line. “I mean, the warden won’t throw me out, will she?”
The song changes to White Knuckles. He quickly turns it down.
Turning to me, he runs his hands thought his hair. He looks tired, worn, defeated as he takes a seat on the floor, leaning his back against the side of his bed. He drapes his arm over his knee and my heart feels for him. I kick off my shoes and join him on the floor, keep at least seven inches of distance between us.
“Why’d you kick him, Jo?” he asks, his eyes staring straight out his window to mine, like he’s waiting for me to show up across the alley. How many times has he sat here and just watched my window? Could it be as many times as I’ve watched his?
Turning my attention away from him, I stare at a painting leaning against the wall in front of us. It is of a girl with greenish-brown eyes and long, curling hair. She smiles and shies away, as if she doesn’t want to be seen, or she doesn’t want this moment captured. Her hand, I assume that beige-ish stick thing is her arm, is holding back her long locks.
“You couldn’t be the only one in trouble, Zeph,” I respond quietly. “Not this time.”
“You’ve never had so much as a pink slip for late homework,” he tells me, reminding me of my former spotless record.
He’s right. I was a goody two-shoes.
But he doesn’t really know the entire story. He doesn’t know what Ryder tried. He doesn’t know how scared I was. If he knew any of this, I would probably be visiting Zephyr in jail.
Never Enough starts playing, one of my favorite songs by the band.
“There’s a first time for everything,” I repeat what Principal Grady said in his office. “Why did you hit him?” I ask, really wondering.
“Why do you think?” he answers swiftly. “I wasn’t going to just sit by and let him say all that crap about you.” His hair swept his bare shoulders as he lightly shook his head. “And I’d do it again. No question about it.”
The girl in the painting is wearing a green shirt. Not light green, but a deep dark forest green, vibrant and beautiful in color. It contrasts with the pale beige of her skin, the miniscule freckles along her nose showing more clearly.
“I can take care of myself, you know?” I tell him.
“But you wouldn’t have done anything about it.” He has a point. “I know you, Joey.” That he does. It shows how well he knows me. “Ryder would have won and you would be the joke. Again.” Zephyr shrugs. “I couldn’t let that happen.”
Still staring at the girl in the portrait, I say, “Zephyr, this isn’t third grade, you can’t just beat up Ryder like you did Bobby Logan.” Zephyr turns to me, a playful smile on his lips as he raises his eyebrows suggestively. He starts chuckling as he turns away, his eyes back on the window. “Okay, obviously you can, but this was my fight. That is why I kicked him,” I tell him. “In the balls. Hard.” He deserved it.
He sucks in a breath, the sound catching my attention. “You really shouldn’t have done that,” he struggles to say, wincing. “Now, I am scared of you.”
“As well you should be,” I reply with a playful nudge of my shoulder. Quietly, I say, “Can I ask you something?”
“Shoot.”
I look to the floor, picking at his carpet. “What happened to us?” A puzzled expression covers his face. “You were avoiding me, you know, after the night you practically broke into my house, and then that fight. What was that?”
He looks to me, expressionless. I regret my question.
Zephyr releases a sigh. “Because it was obvious you were lying to me and keeping things from me,” he answers. “After I broke into your house.” He rests his elbow on his knee. “You weren’t letting me in.”
“I don’t let anyone in.”
“I know that, Jo,” he snaps at me. The sound startles me. “I just thought I was different, I thought maybe—”
“You are different,” I snap at him, interrupting him.
“I know that now.”
A silence fills the air and we dive into it, waiting.
I can’t wait forever, though.
“Why were you able to bury the hatchet so easily?”
“Because I saw Ryder put his moves on you,” he says through clenched teeth.
I snicker.
“Moves?” I narrow my eyes, turning my head to look at him, looking away from the intriguing painting.
“Shut up, you know what I mean.” No, I don’t. I think I don’t. He shakes his head lightly, before dragging his hand through his hair. “I thought you might actually, I don’t know, like the guy.”
Don’t worry, at some point, I had the same fear.
“That is so stupid,” I say, starting to laugh. While I was worried I was developing actual feelings for the asshat, I knew, in the end, it was all a figment of my imagination, just a product of his attention. If anyone has real feelings for him, I am amazed.
“I’m a stupid guy sometimes,” he whispers. His eyes trail to the floor in front of him, a sadness covering his face.
There’s something here he isn’t saying. Some secret he isn’t telling. But he wants to say it. He wants to tell me. It’s written on his face, he wants to tell me.
“I didn’t say that, Zephyr.”
“It’s true.” His voice changes. He sounds surer. “I’m already struggling with that stupid AP class.” Well, if you weren’t skipping it to avoid me… “This next week is just going to push me further behind.”
I let out a breath. “I told you I’d help you with that.” My eyes travel back to the painting. “All you have to do is just ask me. I’ll help any way I can.” I lightly punch him in the arm. Maybe taking this conversation to the playful side will make this easier.
“You’ve been busy dealing with all that Ryder crap.”
No excuse, buddy.
“Well,” I start. “I won’t make that mistake again,” I tell him, my body repeating the feeling of him pressed against me, him pushing against me. “I was so stupid—so stupid—and so blind,” I whisper to myself, forgetting I am in a room with a friend. I have entered my own world, my own self-loathing world where the darkness envelops me, stealing me under.
I turn my gaze, spotting my friend’s smirk. “Yeah, you kind of were,” he confesses.
My mouth drops open. “Well, I wasn’t expecting you to say that,” I sarcastically sputter. “Thanks, best friend. BFFs forever, huh?” I roll my eyes, an added bonus.
“I’m sorry,” he begins, a chuckle escaping his lips. “But I’m agreeing with you. I even warned you.” Ugh, I know, dude. “Don’t you remember that?” If only I could tell you what he really did to me. “You know, Jo, for being so smart, you can be stupid sometimes.” Zephyr turns his gaze to me, lightly shaking his head, and I think his soft smile turns to anger and disappointment. The last thing I ever wanted to do was disappoint him. “You’re the dumbest smart person I know.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” I ask, my own anger bubbling up.
This isn’t going the way I planned. I figured we would sit over here, talking about how much a douche Ryder Harrison is, not getting into a fight of our own.
“How dense are you?” he blurts. “You must be blind if you…”
“If I can’t what, Zephyr?”
“If you can’t see how I feel about you.” Those words are like a strong punch to the gut. It shocks and surprises me. “How I’ve felt about you since we were eleven years old.”
“You’re kidding … right?” He has to be kidding because that would mean … he is practically spelling it out … I am the dumbest smart person he knows.
“Why would I kid about that, Joey?” he asks. True. “These are my feelings. I wouldn’t lie or joke about anything like that.” I think I’ve stopped breathing. “Not with you.”
My heart skips a beat. No, it stops beating. This can’t be happening. He cannot be saying these things—not to me. We’re friends. We’ve always just been friends. But, what about the flutter in my chest I get when I see him, the hope he’ll smile when he sees me, the look he gives me when we’re just joking around. I love all these things. I need all these things like life itself.
But this doesn’t make sense, not completely.
“You’ve dated and had relationships,” I remind him, remembering Alexia, Jasmine, and Serena, girl after girl he has bragged, kissed, and flaunted in front of me, acting like I was just one of the boys. It always hurt to see him flashing around who he was dating, it hurt because … because it wasn’t me. It was never me. “That isn’t exactly what you do when you have feelings for someone else.” I tell him, thinking of all the times when I thought maybe, just maybe, Zephyr and I … I don’t know—I wouldn’t let the thought bloom. I refused to let it grow because I am me. I am broken. I am the daughter of the psycho murderer and he could always do better than me. “You try and be with them, you try and convince them of your feelings whether they feel the same for you or not, whether they love you back or not.”
“How can I do that,” Zephyr quickly begins, turning to face me, “when you act so disinterested in anyone, especially me?” He’s still yelling. “When you act like I’m the brother you lost. I’m not Noah, Joey.”
Why does everyone keep reminding me?
“I know you’re not Noah!” Why does everyone think I am letting people replace my family? Why does everyone think I want them to replace my family? “Jamie is not Ivy. Aunt Hil is not my mother. You don’t think I know these things. It kills me, okay?” I let a sob escape because I can’t help it. Everything is welling within me and I can’t keep it inside. His arms circle around my shoulders, instantly pulling me to his chest. “I’m broken, I’m ruined, and you’re telling me that—”
“I’ve loved you since I was old enough to fully understand the meaning of the word,” he whispers to the top of my head. His hand trails up and down my back, lightly patting in between each movement. “And if you want me to try and convince you of my feelings…” he trails off, pulling away, letting me look at him, looking me directly in the eye. His arms are still circled around me, warmth pouring from him into me. “If you want me to battle your demons, I will fight until I can’t fight anymore, because that is what you do for the person you love.”
The person you love…
This is a moment people say changes you, changes your life. This is that defining moment. The moment when you realize the one thing you want, the one person you want, you need, has been in your life longer than you ever knew. He’s been right in front of your face waiting for you. If he were a pole, you would have broken your nose on impact.
And Five Finger Death Punch wasn’t helping the mood.
Just like that, just when that thought became the truth, just when the need burned into want, just when desire took over, I knew from this moment on, I was safe.
I look to him, leaning closer, slowly edging nearer. Was I really going to do it? Closer, I moved until my body was sure of itself and its destination. Lifting my gaze, I looked into his eyes, chocolate brown with flecks of warm honey, and I knew once again I was safe. He wasn’t Ryder, he couldn’t hurt me like Ryder, he would never be Ryder, and that is when I knew what I wanted, more than anything else on this world.
Him.
Edging closer until my shoulder presses against his, I looked up, catching his startled expression, worried that I was worried. Shoving that from my mind, I let my hands wander. From his stomach, warm and smooth, up his chest, my fingers gliding around his neck, linking together. This is what he feels like? I felt his hand slide up and down my back. I turn my head, looking into his familiar eyes, at the lips that have only tormented me, joked with me, just been Zephyr’s for as long as I can remember. Now, they were closer to mine than they had ever been before. And I wanted them closer.
The only thing between us is air and our shallow breaths. Our skin connects, our hands connect, and this is our connection. Brief and tender, a moment shared between us. How have I let this pass? The thought repeats.
I close the distance between us, pressing my lips firmly against his. His lips felt soft and warm against mine, not how Ryder’s felt. This, I know, can wipe it away, everything Ryder did, and this can erase it permanently. Zephyr’s are welcoming and I want to continue the kiss.
The moment our lips make contact, Zephyr takes a deep breath and tugs me closer until I’m straddling his lap. His hands slink up the hem of my shirt, his fingertips finding skin and shooting fire through me. I’m on fire—this is fire. This moment is pure electricity, buzzing through me. I can’t pull away. I can’t. But…
As fast as I did it, I pulled away faster, amazed at myself. It was wonderful, it was brief, and it was my way of telling him that I, too, loved him. I have always loved him. It just took me longer to realize it and longer to quit lying to myself about it.
I shy away, backing from his lap to the safety of my side of the room. His eyes widen when I look up at him through my lashes.
“What was that?” he asks, breathless. “We’re having a serious discussion here.”
“If you don’t know then you are the dumbest smart person I know.” I let out a nervous giggle, fidgeting with my hands. This makes me so nervous. I can feel his gaze on me, warming me, as he watches my hands in my lap. Maybe he didn’t like it. I’ve never really kissed anyone, which sounds pathetic. I mean, I’m sixteen, and the first kiss I ever received, I didn’t want. I want this one to count.
“I’m not that smart.” He reaches his hand out to cover mine, his thumb caressing the top of my hand. He lightly grips and pulls me closer to him, letting me lean against him with my head in the crook of his neck.
“Shut up,” I jokingly demand. “Don’t ruin the moment,” I counter, loving the feel of his hands on my back, the soothing circles they make.
“We’re having a moment?” he whispers near my ear, his warm breath sending chills down my spine.
I push him away, leaning back to glare at his smirking face. “If you let me explain, jackass.”
“There’s my Joey.” He chuckles lightly, his hand reaches up to move a strand of hair behind my ear. “Go ahead. Tell me how stupid I am.”
Don’t tempt me, dude.
With my eyes narrowed, I respond with, “I think I did.”
His mouth splits into a wide grin. “That you did.”
“Zephyr, you are the most annoying person I have ever met,” I start, making him laugh. “You are also the most important person in the world to me.” I run my hand through my hair, tugging it over my left shoulder.
“But…” he draws it out slowly, as if I might say something worse, maybe telling him this, whatever, could never happen. I don’t know what runs through his mind.
“Stop it,” I demand, lightly smacking him in the arm. “You swoop in to take hugs meant for me when I can’t force myself to act like a normal human being, you break into my house just to pull me away from dark, clinging nightmares, you punch people who say they have slept with me then call me a psycho, and you are just my … I don’t know.” I stop and think for a moment. “You’re my snowflake. You are my one in a million.” A blush crawls up my neck. “And I love you, too,” I tell him, wrapping my arms tightly around his body, loving the feel of my arms around him. I am hugging someone and I don’t want to run away. “I have loved you since you were suspended for punching Bobby Logan. You went against Goliath for me and you won. You won this time, too.” But Ryder certainly is no Goliath.”
“I did, didn’t I?” Even his gloating is getting cuter to me.
“You are so ruining the moment,” I jokingly whine.
He bursts into laughter. “Then continue if you must,” he states, letting his hand thread through my curls. “Tell me why I’m epic and awesome and how you can’t live without me.”
“This is about to be an epic fail, isn’t it?” I ask, feeling Zephyr laugh.
“Not at all,” he replies, matter-of-factly. “Just continue talking about my awesomeness.”
“I could,” I say, taking a deep breath, smelling simply Zephyr. “But then your ego would inflate too much for my liking.”
He smiles before inching closer, his nose nuzzling behind my ear. “I’m going to kiss you, now.” His words warm my blood.
And he does.
His hands reach up, framing my face, as he brushes his lips briefly against mine, teasing me before he covers my mouth with his. Tenderly at first, then deeper, pulling me closer, wanting me closer. And, oh, I want him. My world starts to slowly deteriorate, leaving only Zephyr and me and this connection. And my head begins to spin. I feel like I am on a speeding carousel, spinning and holding on for dear life. This is the kind of kiss girls’ dream of, the ones at the end of those cheesy romantic movies most likely written by Nicholas Sparks that other girls love. Okay, the ones I love, too. Only this one puts those to shame.
Or it did before Zephyr pulled away.
So … an excruciatingly chaste version of those kisses.
I am so lightheaded. I need to take a minute to catch my breath. Zephyr leans forward, resting his forehead against mine.
“What is that?” I ask when my head stops spinning—it takes a few moments but I need to change the subject before I jump him. My eyes are set to the painting and I feel like I know the girl shying away from me—her hazel eyes, her long, dark brown curls, her fondness for the color green.
Wait a minute…
“What? That?” he asks, nervously. We’ve pulled apart and focused our attention on the painting. He scratches the back of his head while avoiding my eyes. “It’s a painting … I’ve been working on … for a few weeks,” he answers vaguely, cryptically.
“It’s me,” I say, crawling toward it. I can see my smile, my freckles, the birthmark on the side of my neck. The eyes are so beautiful, so mesmerizing, I can’t help but think he got them wrong. Those can’t be my eyes.
I reach out my hand to touch it, to feel the beauty, but I instantly retract my hand. I don’t want to ruin it.
“Yeah,” he answers. “It’s cool if you don’t like it. I just like to paint you from time to time.”
I snort. “That doesn’t sound creepy at all,” I say sarcastically.
“You’re my muse, Jo.” That tugs at my heart. “So you don’t like it?” he tentatively asks, kneeling next to me as I examine his artwork.
“Don’t like it?” I ask. “I love it,” I tell him.
Zephyr looks visibly relieved. “That’s good to hear.”
I laugh, reaching out to touch the piece leaning against the wall. It’s so beautiful that I will never believe it’s me. I can’t believe that’s how sees me. I look so carefree and happy—I look so different.
We spend the rest of the evening lounging on his floor—taking brief kissing breaks, because we can, now—talking about the painting and others he has done. I wasn’t expecting there to be more but he tells me he has plenty of paintings of me. Most of them are hidden in the attic. That makes me laugh. Eventually, I have to head home. I do have school in the morning, and the rest of the week.
“Just so you know,” he tells me as he walks me down the stairs, his fingers laced with mine. He finally put on a shirt—about two minutes before making this trip. “I am calling you my girlfriend,” he states, matter-of-factly, with a shrug.
“As long as I can call you my boyfriend,” I counter.
“I think it can be arranged.”
“Disgusting,” Jamie calls from the couch, a giggle quickly following. “I swear you’re the only guy who can get suspended and a girlfriend in the same day.”
Zephyr smiles, never taking his eyes away from me. “This was just luck,” he tells her, raising our intertwined hands.
“And I’m happy you two are finally together,” she comments. “It was pathetic watching you two around each other. It was so obvious to everyone but the two of you.”
Was it?
Like, seriously?
With that, and a not-so-quick kiss, I head home, ready to get ready for bed. I am in a much better mood than when I left but who knows how long that is going to last.
I slowly open the door and slink inside, trying to make myself as small as possible. Maybe, this time, Hilary is upstairs, in bed. I don’t think she went to work today. I am not sure if she even had to work today, I lost track of her schedule a long time ago.
“Joey?”
Obviously, I am just going to be very wrong about things today.
“Yeah, it’s me,” I say when I lock the door behind me.
Who else would it be?
“Look, I just wanted to apologize for earlier,” my aunt starts when I walk into the kitchen. She is sitting at the dining room table. Nothing in front of her. Just sitting with her hands folded.
“No, I’m sorry—”
“Let me finish,” Hilary cuts me off. “I’m sorry you feel like I don’t want you.” I guess we’re getting straight to the point tonight. That’s good. Really. I’m just not very good with hard honesty. I take a seat across from her.
“Honestly, I don’t feel like that, Aunt Hil.”
“Just let me finish, hon.” She takes a deep breath, tucking an orange lock of hair behind her ear. “I may not be your mother, I could never replace a woman that wonderful anyway, but I love you just the same. I care about you. I will always protect you like my own, not because I feel like I need to replace your mother, not because it’s my responsibility, but because I love you as if you were mine. I’m still fun Aunt Hil. I’m still the one who’ll take you get your second tattoo—since I missed the first. I’m still the one who’ll take you to get whatever piercing you want—provided it’s above the belt.” I giggle at that. “I love you, Joey.”
“I know that, Auntie.”
She releases a sigh, relief washing over her. She must have been practicing that entire speech in her head while I was over at Zephyr’s.
“I’m hugging you,” she announces, bounding from her seat with her arms outstretched. “Don’t try to squirm away.”
Hugs no longer scare me. It is a welcome feeling not to feel the need to flee when she stretches out her arms to embrace me.
“I’ll accept your hug,” I tell her as I willingly dive into her arms, feeling the warmth a love surround me. Is this what it feels like to have a mother? This has to be what it feels like to have someone who loves you.
“So … is this one of those teen moments I’ve heard a lot about?” Hilary asks with her arms circled around me.
“I don’t know,” I sputter. “You’re asking the teen.”
“I think I was worse at your age.”
“That’s what Grammy and Grandpa say,” I tell her, remembering all the stories my grandparents told me about my mom and Hilary when they were my age. They even broke out photo albums and home movies. But those are stories for another night. I’m tired and I really want to crawl into bed. The thought of my sheets surrounding me makes me smile and I honestly can’t wait to dive beneath them.
“I am going to bed,” I tell my aunt, pulling away. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
“See you then.” She reaches up to smooth down my hair before I stand up from the dining room table, walk through the living room, and ascend the stairs.
I stop by the bathroom and brush my teeth, still feeling Zephyr’s lips against mine. My room is dark when I step into it—the air from the open window is cool against my legs as I dress for bed. Grabbing my favorite pair of sleep shorts—pink-and-black plaid—and tugging my shirt from my head, I walk to the window to slide it closed.
“Good night,” Zephyr calls from his room, looking at me from his bed. His light is on, illuminating him as he lounges against his pillows … shirtless once again.
I’ll admit it—I swooned at the sight. But I didn’t make it obvious.
“Night,” I call back, deciding to leave my window open for the night.
Twenty-Six
My first full day as Zephyr’s girlfriend—I would like to say it was full of excitement and fun, maybe a little naughty business (trust me, I can’t believe I said that, either), but it wasn’t. While the morning was good—Zephyr made a brief appearance—the rest of my day was just… normal. Although, a slightly better normal than normal.
Well, except for one thing that happened after lunch…
Okay, so I wasn’t exactly expecting fireworks or a parade, but I was happy, damn it, and I wanted everyone as freaking happy and cheerful as I felt. I mean, come on, it’s a rare occurrence and it could end at any time. Someone simply looking at me wrong could piss me off.
At least there was Zephyr.
“Hello, hello,” Zephyr calls as he enters through the front door I left unlocked for him after my shower. This morning, I actually made sure I was in an outfit worthy of girlfriend status. Nothing too extravagant, just jeans and a green cable knit sweater that made me feel cute. “There you are,” I hear him say before he wraps his arms around my waist as I stand at the counter in the kitchen adding sugar to my chamomile tea. He tugs me backward until my back is pressed firmly against his chest. “Morning,” Zephyr purrs in my ear. “You look lovely this morning.”
Lovely? Not exactly what I was going for but approximate and I’ll take it.
“Thank you,” I reply, feeling my cheeks heat up. “Good morning to you, too,” I say to my mug of tea, the one I almost dropped when I felt his touch a moment ago. “How are you this morning?” I ask before taking a sip, burning my tongue on the scalding hot liquid. Bad life choice, bad life choice!
I set the mug down and fan my mouth, willing it to cool down, while Zephyr chuckles in my ear.
“I could take care of that for you,” he offers, suggestively, his lips brushing suggestively against my neck, and holy moley, he should never stop doing that.
Despite my body’s objection, I shoot a pointed glare over my shoulder. “No you couldn’t.” Anything he’d do to me would send fire coursing through me, my veins—case in point, my blood is boiling where he just kissed my neck. I would overheat in a matter of seconds, completely defeating the purpose of cooling me down.
“Well, I’m wonderfully splendid,” he tells me, speaking directly into my ear. His voice, deep and smooth, sends chills down my spine when she talks, his breath warming and tickling my ear. I hear him take a deep breath; I can feel his nose against my hairline. “Your hair smells fantastic. I’ve always wanted to tell you that.”
“You are such a creeper!” I blurt jokingly.
His grip tightens around me. “Can I not be honest here?”
My hand reaches for my hair, happy he noticed. “Thank you,” I reply, my smile growing wider. “It’s my cherry blossom shampoo. Or body lotion. Or body spray.”
Zephyr gasps. “You like cherry blossoms?” he asks sarcastically.
“I love cherry blossoms,” I tell him. “Almost as much as I love you.”
Zephyr spins me, leaning me against the counter, as he mimes his heart breaking. “That hurt. A lot.” The smile on his face is infectious. His hands slide down my sides, electricity shooting from every touch. It’s as if his fingers play against my bare skin, gliding along me like he’s seeking to feel every inch of me. His hands rest on my hips, tapping his fingers up and down.
I shy away, looking at my hands between us, avoiding his intense gaze. 
He tips my head up with his hand. “I’ve been waiting for a moment like this,” he whispers.
I open my mouth to ask ‘Why?’ but his lips cut me off before a word leaves my lips. He presses into me, pushing me against the sharp edge of the counter but I don’t care, I barely notice it. His hands remain on my hips but mine travel, up his chest, past his neck, threading into the soft locks of his hair.
If he ever decided to cut his hair, I think I’d cry. Not little I’m unhappy tears, I mean full out blubbering sobs. One of my favorite things about him is his hair. When he refused to get his hair cut last year—Molly wanted him to cut it off entirely—I spent that night braiding it. I still have the photo on my phone and computer for blackmail purposes. It’s even tacked on my bulletin board.
I should post it on his Facebook wall like a good girlfriend.
Zephyr pulls away. I follow, wanting his lips. He laughs, resting his forehead against mine. “You have no idea how many times I’ve wanted to do that in this kitchen.” I know now. “Whenever I saw you, your hair dripping wet, smelling sweetly of cherry blossoms, it hurt not to do that.”
The only thing I can think to ask is, “Really?” Wrapping my arms around his neck, I pull him closer.
“Really.”
I play with his hair, twirling it around my fingers, feeling how soft it is against my skin.
“Am I going to walk in on you two making out every morning now?” Jamie asks. There’s a slight whine in her voice. She is standing in the doorframe of the kitchen with her arms crossed along her chest. Neither of us heard her walk in and I usually listen for the door opening. Though, I was a little bit distracted.
“No,” I say while Zephyr says, “Yes.”
I playfully smack him. “No,” I say louder, placing my hands on Zephyr’s stomach to push him away. “Hi, Jamie.” I say, smiling widely.
“Good morning, Joey.” She takes the first seat at the dining room table and pulls her silver compact from her purse, checking her makeup. She slides a manicured finger beneath her eye, fixing whatever mistake she found. “So, how’s the honeymoon phase?”
“The what?” I ask, feeling Zephyr’s hand slip down my arm, his fingers threading with mine. Jamie’s gaze briefly drops to our hands, her hidden smile revealing itself, before she turns her attention back to the tiny mirror in her hand.
“The honeymoon phase?” she repeats, clicking her compact close and slipping it back into her Chanel purse. “Never mind”—she waves a hand through the air—“though I feel the need to do that whole protective thing.”
“I know, Jamie,” I start, preparing for the lecture—or whatever she has planned for me—when she tells me how important her brother is, how she will get revenge if I ever break his heart, the usual yadda yadda, blah blah blah. I already know these things.
“So,” she begins, standing away from her seat and crossing her arms across her chest. She towers over me, staring me down before she turns her gaze toward her brother. “Zephyr”—that surprises me—“if you hurt her, even a paper cut, I will kick your ass, capiche?”
Capiche?
Zephyr laughs. “Noted, Jay.” He looks to me, smiling. His hand tugs on mine.
“Good,” Jamie says, plastering a beauty pageant smile on her face as she looks from me to her brother. “You both are so cute together.”
We’ve heard.
While I didn’t expect her to stand up for me—I didn’t expect her to say anything remotely close to that to her brother of all people—she did put a smile on my face. I lean into Zephyr’s side and wait with them until it was time to head off to school. Jamie and I start talking about chemistry and physics, a class I took last year as an elective because I was interested, when Hilary walks, eh, more like crawls, through the front door.
Hilary drops her bags in a heap by the door, letting out an exhaustive sigh as she straightens and tucks her orange hair behind her ears. She turns toward the living room, her smile slowly disappearing as she spots me… on Zephyr’s lap. “Uh, hello?” she asks pointing to me… still on Zephyr’s lap. “What’s this?”
All eyes are on me. I neglected to tell my aunt anything about this last night. What was I supposed to say? Hey, Aunt Hil, while you were over here, debating my punishment and wondering if I’ve finally snapped, I was making out with the boy next door. I don’t think that would have turned out well.
“I didn’t tell you?” I ask, feigning innocence. My voice ends in a nervous squeak. I remove my arms from around Zephyr’s neck, trying to pretend this is a natural occurrence for us. I wouldn’t be sitting on his lap if he didn’t pull me there when we sat down, anyway. I was perfect content to sit on the couch.
“Tell me what?” my aunt asks with her hands on her hips.
I fumble for words, trying to think of how to tell her. I am not sure how well she will take it, I mean, he is always just around, I don’t want things to change.
I shoot Zephyr a glare, silently begging for his help, but he shies away.
Thanks, boyfriend.
But I didn’t need his help. “They’ve found love,” Jamie offers. I turn my glare to her. “Isn’t it a little disgusting?” she asks my aunt, ignoring the look on my face—wide eyes, open mouth. I bet I look sexy.
“When did this, uh, happen?” my aunt asks as she peels her jacket down her arms, lying it along the back of the chair. She ties up her hair, freeing her face.
“Uh…” I trail off, trying to stall. How will this affect what happened with us last night? We sort of made some progress, right?” Last night?” I tell her. Why am I questioning it? I guess I’m just nervous.
“Seriously?” she asks in disbelief. She leans to the side to get a better look at Zephyr, who is jokingly hiding behind me. At least, I think he’s joking. I hope he knows my aunt won’t hit him. I will—but never my aunt. “Better late than never,” she mutters under her breath as she walks through the living room.
“Huh?” I ask, trying to catch my aunt’s attention.
“Better him than that Ryder fellow,” Hilary continues.
“Tell me about it,” Jamie chimes from the dining room.
“Y’all could’ve talked to me, you know?” I point out loudly, watching Hilary walk up the stairs. “Night,” I call up to her. She waves a hand above her head showing me she heard me.
“I love it when you get all Southern,” Zephyr coos near my neck.
I point another glare in his direction. “Shut up.” That makes him throw his head back in laughter.
“Welp, time to go,” Jamie announces, slapping her legging-clad thighs as she stands, tucking her chair back beneath the table. She grabs her bag and Zephyr walks me through the door, swinging our hands between us like little kids. We’re weird.
“I’ll see you later, yeah?” he asks, not meaning the question. I nod. He leans forward and gives me a quick kiss before I slide into the car for Jamie to drives us to school. This is when she starts making fun of me.
“You are so love struck!” Jamie laughs, putting the car in reverse and backing down the driveway as her brother watches us.
“I am not!” I object loudly, watching Zephyr walk back to his house through the yards. “I’m, well…” I trail off, trying to think of the appropriate word. “I’m smitten.” Beyond smitten.
“You’re a little smitten kitten, is what you are,” Jamie jokes as we head through town. It feels good to joke with her again. “I’m only kidding, it’s adorable, Joey. Zephyr really likes you—he’s always liked you liked you.”
I quirk a brow.
What is this? Hey Arnold?
“I learned that last night,” I mumble, feeling my cheeks heat up as the memories of last night flood my mind. Sitting on his floor, kissing him for the first time, the painting of me—it all seemed so surreal. And I wouldn’t change any of it. Not a thing.
We walk into the school together before separating, she heads toward Marcus and his outstretched arms, and I head toward my locker. I still notice the weird looks people give me, from the full out stares to the avoiding to the look-and-divert. I just don’t care today. I am in such a great mood I don’t think anything could bring me down. I grab my books from my locker and head toward my first class as I check over the notes from yesterday.
Walking down the hall, I bump into someone with the same hard build as a wall. I only know it isn’t a wall because walls don’t make sounds when you walk into them. This person sounds to be in pain. I look up, and now I understand the pain. Connecting eyes with the person I walked into, I let out a loud snort when I see his face. The eyes are still the familiar pale blue, still ocean like, only a thick rim of a blue-ish, purpling bruise surrounds them. He was right, too. Zephyr did break his nose.
Ryder scowls when he notices me standing in front of him. Turning up what remains of his once-perfect nose, he walks down the hall toward his locker. I laugh loudly as Ryder practically runs away from me with his tail between his legs. Finally, a little imperfection comes his way.
First period is normal, as are second, third, and fourth. I learn a lot, as expected, but I’m bored without Zephyr. At lunch, I walk up to Harley and Kennie with a smile on my face, I’m excited for interaction but I’m more excited about seeing their faces when I tell them what happened between Zephyr and me.
I spot Avery taking the seat next to Harley. I spy Harley blushing and bashful. That’s new. Avery smiles when I walk up. Is he always this happy to see me or is it just because of who my best girl friend is? All I ever see is his smile.
He is just a jolly fellow.
“Hello, everyone,” I say loudly as I take my usual seat next to Kennie. “How are you this fine afternoon?”
I’ll admit I’m piling it on, but I can’t help it. I become more sarcastic when I’m happy. Actually, I’m more sarcastic and annoying with any emotion I have. That’s the joy of me!
“Hold up,” says Kennie with her hands raised, whipping her head in my direction. “What happy juice have you been drinking lately?” she asks.
Happy juice? Random. I raise a brow.
“You’re happier than a kid in a candy store,” Kennie points out.
“A fat kid in a candy store,” Harley clarifies.
“I haven’t been drinking any, uh… happy juice?” I tell them, the phrase still weird in my mind.
“Does this have anything to do with Zephyr?” Avery asks with mischief in his eyes. He knows something. He has that look about him. Knowledgeable.
“That depends,” I start suspiciously, angling away, looking at him through to corner of my eye. “What do you know?”
His grin grows bigger. “Well, last night,” he starts, making a production out of it. “At exactly 10:37 pm,”—oh dear—“ Zephyr posted on Facebook that he was in a relationship with one Joey Archembault,” Avery explains, his hand, palm up, pointing to me.
I shake my head lightly from side to side, laughing.
“WHAT!” Kennie yelps, her ponytail smacking me in the face as she turns her head quickly. She reminded me of a poodle. Harley spits her soda across the table, nearly dousing me in Cherry Pepsi—not my ideal perfume. “Are you serious?” Kennie asks Avery, ignoring me.
“I may have lied about the time,” Avery answers, still confirming his best friend now had a girlfriend: Me.
“I haven’t been checking my feed,” Kennie states as she tugs out her iPhone, clicking the blue icon leading her to Facebook. “I need to like this, like, immediately. When were you going to tell us?” she snaps at me as she frantically scrolls through her feed. I think she may explode. I am not sure if I will be responsible for that.
“Well, if it weren’t for yappy over there.” I point to the tall, ox-built redhead. “I was going to tell you, well, uh, now,” I stutter out, shooting an angry look toward Avery. “But thanks, Avery, for beating me to the punch.”
“Proud to do it,” he replies, grinning as he throws an arm around Harley’s shoulder. “Hey, man,” he says to someone behind me. I turn, finding a tall Jackson and similarly tall Ksenia walking up behind me. They both slide onto the bench beside Harley, avoiding the Pepsi mess next to me.
I guess, when he’s back at school, this will be Zephyr’s new table. That thought alone makes me giddy though I always knew we’d sit together.
“I heard about you and Zephyr,” Ksenia starts, her accent thicker than I remember. “Congratulations.” She smiles.
“Thanks,” I reply, smiling back to her.
This lunch, the time spent with these people, really makes what is happening in school seem not important. And it isn’t, not really.
Twenty-Seven
After lunch, I head to American Sign Language, wishing my friends a good rest of the day. I don’t have any classes with them other than lunch—which isn’t even a class—and gym with Harley, but I choose to ignore that as well. I take my seat in the second row and wait patiently for class to start.
During class, a student office attendant walks into the room and hands Mr. Penn a pale blue slip of paper, signing thank you before she leaves. He looks at it, signs my name, and I’m off to the guidance counselor’s office.
Should I be worried?
I really hope this has nothing to do with the fight. The last thing I need is to talk about my feelings like I used to in elementary school. I already have one shrink. I don’t need another.
Mr. Stone, the guidance counselor assigned to my class, had his door closed when I walked down the hall. I hate disturbing others but I knock quietly and politely, waiting for him to wave me in through the tiny window on the door.
“You wanted to see me, Mr. Stone?” I ask after poking my head into the tiny office, noticing the clutter accumulated throughout his employment. There is a plant hanging in the corner that desperately needs water—it’s turning brown and drooping—but I seriously doubt he notices. There is a stack of books, several stacks in fact, in the corner of the room. His desk is too big for the office but I don’t think he minds or notices. He isn’t one to notice things like that. He’s a bit of a scatterbrain. How did he even get this job, anyway?
“Yes, Joey.” Mr. Stone sets aside the folder in his hand he was looking through and points to a desk chair in front of his desk. “Take a seat, please.”
I sit down, crossing my legs at the knees. I left my backpack back in class so now I’m trying to find something with which to fidget. If this is going to be a discussion about what happened the other day, I’ll need something to distract me.
“What’s this about?” I ask, worried I may have done something else wrong though I haven’t a clue as to what. I haven’t injured or threatened anyone since yesterday, I swear. I’ve turned in my homework, I’ve complied by the rules, and I haven’t snapped at anyone in a few hours. I’d say I’m doing pretty well for a Tuesday.
“Just touching base with you,” he tells me, folding his hands in his lap. For a guidance counselor, he looks young enough to understand teen issues, but I strongly doubt he would understand my generation, whatever that really means. “Seeing how everything is going.”
“Everything is going good.” If you ignore the detention and the fact that I introduced my foot to someone’s private parts, I’m doing just great.
“I can tell.” I’m not sure if I should take that sarcastically… He grabs the file—it must be mine—opening it and flipping through the multicolored papers inside. I always thought, with my past, problems, and issues, my folder would be this five-inch thick brick of paper. I guess I was wrong or that isn’t my entire folder. “You’re pulling straight As.”
“I know,” I say cockily with a polite smile. If you’re going to be cocky about something you’re good at, confident is the word I prefer to use, it’s better to show you are at least nice about it.
“I’ve been meaning to talk to you since the beginning of the year,” he continues, running his palm along his forehead.
“What about?” I ask with interest. This must be more important than a few weeks detention.
“I know registration for your senior year’s right around the corner,” he begins, pulling out a sheet of pale yellow paper from the file folder, his eyes skimming over it. “Have you thought about what you want to take next year at all?”
I shrug. “Not really,” I answer. “Actually, I’ve already taken all the senior core classes.” Because I’m a nerd like that. I skipped having a lunch period last year to take AP Statistics because it looked interesting. I even fit AP Physics into my schedule last year.
“Exactly,” he nearly shouts. The sound of excitement makes me jump.
“What does that mean?” I ask when my heart beat calms.
“Just that you’re on track to graduate this year,” he answers, matter-of-factly.
Now why didn’t I think of that?
I bite my lip so the comment doesn’t leak through.
Slowly, the words start to make sense and what he says hits me in the face like ton of bricks.
Graduate?
As in, like … no longer attend high school? Ever again?
“This year?” I ask, dumbstruck. “As in, a year sooner than I should?” Wait … what? “Okay, that was stupid to say,” I grumble, embarrassed at how pathetic I am acting. But this news is freaking awesome.
“You’re currently taking senior classes,” he tells me, handing me a copy of my schedule.
“No, I’m not.” Not completely—but why am I correcting the man? “My English class—”
“Is advanced English for seniors,” he finishes. My eyes scour the page in my hands. Sure enough, AP English 12 stares at me. When did I sign up for that? How did I sign up for that? “Everyone in that class is a senior accept for you.”
Well, that doesn’t make me sound weird at all. Though, now that I think about it, I am the youngest one in the class…
“So…” I draw out, waiting for the words in my head to make sense. They are jumbled and scattered, like puzzle pieces, slowly moving until they make a complete picture. “I walk at the end of the year?” I ask, still weirded out. I didn’t mean it as a question but he answers anyway.
“If you want,” Mr. Stone responds, take the sheet back from me. “I mean, you could stay, but you’d be taking two, maybe three classes at most next year,” he tells me, tucking things back into my file. “Two of those classes would be electives and you would spend a good amount of time doing … well, nothing.”
“So … I’m graduating?” I clarify, still surprised.
“You’re graduating,” he confirms with a smile. I start blinking my eyes quickly, just staring at the folder on his desk. “You okay?”
Yeah, I am not looking normal right now.
“I’m just … shocked,” I tell him. I always knew my way of overloading on classes would benefit me in the future. The future? Oh, balls, that means I can apply for college now. I need to apply to colleges. I don’t even know where I want to go. “What about the senior project?” I ask, remembering I can’t graduate unless I do that.
“You could start now,” he offers. “I can set you up with a teacher who could help you after school or switch out one of your classes.” He clicks on his computer, bringing up my schedule for next semester. “You’ll also need to take a senior experience course but that can wait until next semester.”
“After school would be better,” I tell him, not willing to lose any of my classes. I could forego lunch but I’ve done that the last two years. I enjoy having a period where I can just do… nothing. “What is the senior project?” I ask. I’ve had to sit through many, many boring presentations. Normally, I tune it out with my iPod, so I don’t exactly have a good grasp on what to actually do for it.”
“I’ll assign you with a teacher that will explain it better than I can.”
I nod.
I go through the rest of my day in a daze, and then there’s detention. Mrs. Taylor lets me talk to my senior project advisor—I still can’t believe I am saying that—and she explains the project is just a final major project I must pass in order to graduate using the four Ps: Paper, Project, Portfolio, and Presentation.
That doesn’t sound too hard.
She gives me all the necessary paperwork and tells me she will be around if I need her. I know I’ll need her. When I get back to the Mrs. Taylor’s classroom, she has me tutor one of her students with Shakespeare, mainly Romeo and Juliet. I read that in the seventh grade, it’s a piece of cake.
I head home on the transit bus and before I even make it to my front door, Zephyr is by my side.
“How was your day?” he asks, taking my backpack from my shoulders.
“Are you going to do this the entire week?” I ask, nearly forgetting my good news. I only ask because he always scares me when he pops up out of nowhere. I swear he is part ninja.
“Yep,” Zephyr answers as I push open the front door and step through it. “Now, your day; how was it?” he presses.
“It was great,” I tell him, excitedly diving into my news about graduating a year early.
He smiles and wraps his arms around me in a tight hug. “I’m so proud of you, Joey.”
I beam up to him. “Oh, I also have these for you,” I tell him, tugging papers from my backpack. I hand him the notes he missed in AP Euro—a couple days worth—and a few from other classes I stopped by before detention. All of his teachers were happy with the prospect of Zephyr doing homework. Hmmm… what kind of student is my boyfriend?
“Damn,” he grumbles when I hand him the thick stack of papers.
“Only trying to help you stay caught up.” I catch his frown as he stares at the work in his hands. “I’d have given you some of these yesterday, I just kind of spaced, you know?” It was hard to remember between kisses, you know.
“You didn’t have to do this,” he tells me, still staring at everything. “Really.”
I giggle. “No, I didn’t,” I agree with a perky smile. “But then how would I”—I drop the AP Euro textbook on the table, emitting a thick thud—“help you study for history?” I wiggle my eyebrows.
The smile falls from his face. If he thinks he’s going to spend his week of freedom, oops, I mean suspension just lounging around, browsing Tickld, and making out with me, he has another think coming. “Run home and grab your stuff,” I tell him, shoving him to the door. “We have a lot of catching up to do.”
Twenty-Eight
It was one very long, very dull week at school without Zephyr, but everyone learned quickly we were officially dating—thanks to him making it Facebook official. How did people learn of relationships before Facebook? And, boy, did he have a lot of friends on that thing. It was like dating a celebrity, everyone wanted to get a better look at me.
I brought him his homework and we would sit down and work on it. Kind of boring, but I made a rule: No kissing until he finished his homework. It sounded weird when I said it, and he hated it then, but he soared through his work quickly then mauled me on the living room couch. Okay, that is an over exaggeration, but he got his homework done, that was all that mattered. I was also determined to help him bring up his AP Euro grade. It was somewhat successful. When the next week started, we were stealing glances at each other across the room in detention, sending smirks and winks to each other. At least, that was when I was there. Some days, Mrs. Taylor let me work with Miss Cherry on my senior project of which I still had no idea what I was doing, topic-wise.
The start of the month meant I had my monthly appointment with Dr. Jett. I had to push that back two weeks because of my after school activities, something my shrink understood, she just made it clear we were definitely going to talk about it when I saw her in the upcoming weeks.
“I was thinking,” Zephyr begins on the final Friday of our detention. We’ve just walked from Mrs. Taylor’s classroom, bidding her a good evening. “We should probably go on an official date.” He links his fingers with mine, tugging me closer to him as we walk from the school. He missed his practice, though he knew he was playing in the game tonight, as was Ryder. The coach pulled some strings to get his suspension suspended for a week. Something about the team they are playing tonight being the best in the district, I don’t really know. The coach doesn’t really care about detention and school rules, he only cares about winning. With Zephyr and Ryder, he wins. Without, he learned last week, he loses. By a lot. I’m pretty sure money exchanged hands.
“As long as it has nothing to do with a party,” I begin. “I’d love to.”
He turns to me. “A party never crossed my mind.” Lightly, he brushes his lips across my cheek, his hair tickling the bare skin of my shoulders. I was stupid enough to walk out of the school in a tank top without my jacket. Zephyr’s trying to keep me warm… it’s working. Yep, it’s working. “I was thinking dinner, you and me, a nice, cozy restaurant—”
“Not Lily’s,” I beg, nearly gagging when the memory of that fettuccini comes back to me. Blech.
He shakes his head, leading me to Jamie’s car. She went home with Marcus after school, leaving the keys with Zephyr.
He opens the door for me. “I have something so much better planned, something I know you’ll like,” He tells me with a quick kiss on the lips. “And I plan to do a lot of that.” He kisses me again. “You know, now that I can.”
Smiling, I’m sure I blush.
He parks the car in his driveway but walks across the lawn to walk me to my door. He says he’s never sure I make it home safely. I say he just wants in my house. I am never wrong.
Zephyr is exactly what I always pictured in a boyfriend. He is kind, considerate, and un-freaking-believably smoking hot. Okay, that is a little much, but he is still what I pictured a boyfriend to be. And did I mention he doesn’t serenade me in the cafeteria? That’s always a plus.
“I was thinking…” I say, trailing off as he follows me into the house, dropping his checkered backpack next to mine. “I could go to your game tonight.” I plaster a wide, toothy grin on my face. The idea of sitting through football isn’t the pull here. It’s the idea of seeing Zephyr play. I wasn’t paying attention the last time out of spite.
“Only if you want to,” he tells me, a raise to his eyebrows. He grips my hand, touching me as much as he can. I can tell, in his eyes, he wants me to go to his game.
I walk him over to the couch, forcing him to sit down. I sit on his lap, wrapping my arms around his shoulders, resting my head against his arm. “Why wouldn’t I want to see my guy in action?” I whisper-ask near his ear.
A visible tremor runs through his body as my breath tickles his ear. He tries to cover it up with a snort, ruining the moment. “Because you hate football,” he reasons.
True.
Leaning away, I laugh with him. “Beside the point, I like you,” I tell him, reaching my hands up to massage his shoulders. “And if I remember correctly, you wear some pretty tight pants that show off the goods.”
“I knew it,” Zephyr exclaims. “You only want me for my body.”
“Well, if we’re being honest…” I trail off.
That sends him into hysterics and he falls back onto the couch, dragging me down with him until I am lying on top of him. I take the opportunity to kiss him, nipping at his bottom lip with my teeth. I pull away, staring into his eyes, feeling his hand move up my body.
Zephyr looks up at me for a moment, narrowing his eyes, before he sits up. “You look tired,” he tells me. “Have you been sleeping at all?” His thumbs brush against my cheeks.
I stifle a yawn—that doesn’t help—while lightly hitting him in the arm. “I’ve been spending my nights tutoring you,” I remind him. We spend the nights camped out in my living room, surrounded by books and paper, spending most of our time sitting on the couch in a tangled heap, kissing until two or three in the morning. There is no point in trying to sleep after that. “You should know the answer to that,” I say, brightly flushing.
He gets a faraway look in his eyes, a slow smile spreading along his lips. “Yeah, we don’t really get much studying done until the wee hours of the morning.” He looks to me apologetically, his look a recreation of his puppy dog eyes. Though, he knows I can never resist the puppy dog eyes.
“I think I might just take a nap before the game.” I thread my arms around his neck. “When do you leave?” I ask quietly, leaning my head on his shoulder. He leans back and traces circles on my back with his fingertips.
“In two and half hours,” he tells me, his chest vibrating with every word. “Want me to take you?”
I nod into his shoulder. “You might have to wake me up.” My bed sounds so alluring right now. I want nothing more than to borough beneath my blankets and create an impenetrable cocoon. “I’m planning a nap right now.”
“Then I’ll leave,” he tells me, sitting up and gently pushing me onto the couch. “Because the thought of you in a bed is too tempting to pass up and I might cave,” he says, standing up and moving away from the couch, turning back to look at me.
“Get out of here,” I tell him, following him to the door and giving him a light kiss on the cheek. He catches my lips, pulling me closer, pulling me deeper, and I could just melt. He pulls away, leaving me breathless, his cocky smile blooming. “I’ll leave my window open.”
“I know you will.” With that, and a kiss to my forehead, he leaves. I lock the door behind him, walk through the rest of the house to make sure everything is locked and secure, then head up to my room, kicking off my shoes as I go. I remember he has a key when I walk into my room, peeling my long-sleeved tee over my head and tugging down the gray fabric of my camisole. I drop my shoes near the closet and aim toward the bed, climbing beneath the cool sheets.
I am out like a light before my head even hits the pillow.
A light sound, almost like a cry, wakes me. My eyes open and I am staring up at clothes—a lot of clothes; pink shirts, pink dresses, tiny, pleated skirts, khaki shorts. They look familiar but I can’t place them in my memory. I’ve seen them somewhere before, I know it. Maybe in a store or some place I’ve been.
Other than that, everything is dark around me. Though, there is a blue patterned hue streaming through the venetian blinds in the window.
Wait … I didn’t close my blinds. And my window isn’t behind me.
My hands reach up, gripping the slats in a … a door?
Why is there a door above my head?
I move my other hand out, hitting something small and leathery, like a shoe, only tiny. Lifting it, I see the white strap and the Disney Princess face—Jasmine. It’s a shoe, a little girl’s white sandal. On a hunch, I hit the heel against my knee and it lights up pink and purple, illuminating the little space.
I’m in a closet. A closet filled with clothes and toys.
Staring at the sandal in my hand, I remember that I used to have a pair of these. I cried when Hilary donated them to Goodwill along with my favorite pink dress when I was nine because I outgrew them. I loved that dress. It was pretty. It was covered in white, purple, and blue flowers with a lace hem. 
…just like the dress hanging above my head.
Wait.
What the hell?
“Josie?” a deep male voice, familiar and frightening, whispers in the room behind my head, his voice has a slight tremble, a vibrato I can’t decipher. “Josie, baby girl,” he continues, a softness in his voice I can tell is forced, “Where are you?”
I tilt my head back, looking through the thin slats in the door, peering at the man who doesn’t know where Josie is. Am I Josie? Something in his hand glints red and silver in the light sneaking through the venetian blinds. The hazy light also illuminates the pink walls, the white rumpled bedspread, and the wicker kids’ furniture.
Where am I?
I open my mouth, setting the sandal back down gently so I don’t hit the heel, letting, “Daddy?” slip from my lips quietly. He can’t hear me. My voice is tiny, one you would picture for a small child, maybe six or seven years old.
“God DAMN IT!” He yells, hitting his fist against the wall by the door, shaking the ground my body lies on, and scaring the little girl I am. With fear, I crawl into a ball and try to forget where I am, forget who I am and who he is, forget I am scared. “Where are you, Josie?” he tries again, sounding nicer. “Come out for Daddy, baby girl.”
I don’t want to, Daddy. You scare me.
He drops to the ground, hard enough to shake the floor again, and peers under the bed, flinging back the blanket that hangs down, almost ripping it from the bed. Shaking his head, he stands up, using one trembling leg at a time. He looks to the closet, the door I am hiding behind, and slowly walks over. His steps are loud and booming through the hollow wood beneath my ear. His hand grasps the doorknob, twisting until it slowly creaks open.
The sound is loud. It shouldn’t be so loud. But it is. It hurts. It hurts so much. I can’t move.
I can’t stop.
“Wake up,” I hear. “Wake up,” he says again, the voice this time shaking me, moving me. The voice is close, dragging me away from … somewhere, somewhere dark and cold. I gasp, taking in a deep breath, welcoming the air into my fragile lungs. “Are you okay?” Zephyr asks once I’ve calmed down enough to breathe. My throat hurts, just like my hands. “You’re soaked,” he tells me as his hand moves across my damp forehead, pushing my hair away from my face.
My hands reluctantly release something—the comforter I was gripping—and they seek the feeling of his shoulder, grasping and clenching something warm, him and his shirt, just for the feel of something real and safe and pure.
Something that won’t hurt me.
“Zephyr,” I gasp out. I seek him, all of him, as he kneels by my bed.
He’s real, I tell myself. He’s real and he’s here to protect me, not to hurt me. He could never hurt me. He loves me.
“I’m here,” he tells me, leaning closer to me, his weight shifting the bed. His hands frame my face, his thumbs smoothing the tears from my cheeks.
When did I start crying?
“Zephyr?” I ask again, but I don’t mean it as a question, I just want to hear him say something back.
“I’m right here,” he tells me, his hand moving down my neck, caressing the bare skin of my shoulders. “I’m right here.”
It’s not enough.
“Say my name,” I beg, whispering. I need to hear him say my name.
“What?” he asks, confused by my request. “Why?”
“Just say it,” I beg harder, nearly sobbing. “Please.”
Just say my name, that is all I want. I need to hear you say my name.
“Joey.” His voice is smooth and soft, like velvet. It could glide around me and lift me from the ground like a leaf caught in the window, placing me on a cloud to take me away. 
He sounds nothing like the man looking for Josie.
“Oh, my God,” I blubber out, letting more tears flow down my cheeks.
“What, Joey?” His hands move to my hair, through my hair. “What is it?”
I’m not sure how to say it or even how to begin. I don’t know how to tell him what happened inside my head while I slept. I’m not even sure myself. Can I tell him where I went? Where my dream decided to take me this time? How much does he know about what happened to me? How much does he want to know about my past, about before we ever met, before he was my friend? Before we came to be what we are now.
I can just tell it how it is. Nothing more, nothing less. That’s always good.
“I…” I start, terrified of my own truth. “I remembered something.”
“What did you remember, Joey,” he asks, soothingly. He leans forward to rest his forehead against mine.
I ignore his question. He doesn’t need to know the scary details, not right now. “Don’t leave me alone,” I beg, my hands reaching up his neck, threading through his hair, feeling the softness of him. I need him. I need him to stay with me. “Please don’t leave me alone.” Not right now.
Zephyr nods. He kicks off his shoes and climbs over me, lying on my bed, against the wall. “I’m not going anywhere, I promise,” he tells me with a kiss to the forehead as he pulls me closer. I rest my head on his chest, letting his arms pull me as close as we can get. “I’m not going anywhere,” he whispers into my hair. “I’ll stay right here until you kick me out.”
He smoothes down my hair; letting me cry into his shirt while he whispers things to me I can’t understand between my sobs. Soon, they taper out and we’re left in a thick silence. I briefly try to process what I saw, what was happening to me in my head. I can’t help but wonder if he dragged the little girl—or me, I should say—from the closet.
I can’t tell Zephyr what I saw. I can’t tell him when I don’t even know myself.
I can say I was the little girl. Of that, I am certain.
Is the reason why I’m alive today because I was sleeping, hiding myself away, in my closet? But what about all the scars covering my body, the stab wounds, how could I have received those if I was hiding?
And the one thing I want to know, did he find me, like in my dream? Did he end up ripping me from my safe place?
I don’t know.
I don’t want to know.
Twenty-Nine
Sooner than I realize, Zephyr taps me on the shoulder, waking me up—I hadn’t realized I’d fallen asleep, but it was so calming sleeping with Zephyr here. I hope this doesn’t become a habit. I’m not sure what my aunt would do if she saw this. It’s time for him to leave for his game if he wants to be on time. The ride to the stadium is quiet. I’m still waking up and I don’t have anything to say, I also don’t want to ruin his focus. He likes to keep his head in the game.
He parks the car and we both start walking toward the locker rooms. With a sly look to me, he throws an arm over my shoulder, tugging me closer to him and kissing my cheek. So much for him keeping his head in the game.
It’s as if what happened earlier was a dream itself, like he didn’t have to rescue me from a nightmare … again. If only my life were that simple.
“Are you going to be okay?” he asks, slowing our pace before he gets to the Home locker room. I snuggle further into his side, not happy with our impromptu separation, mostly because he’s warm and I can see my breath whenever I speak.
“I’ll be fine—I’m not going to sleep any time soon,” I reassure him. “I’ll be great,” I lie, forcing the confidence. I still don’t like football and would rather be anywhere else, but this means a lot to him, my being here. What he likes, I’ll try to like for him.
He smiles at me, leaning closer with a destination I hope we both share. His lips are almost to mine when we hear, “You two are so cute.”
Kennie.
Perfect timing.
“We try,” I call out, watching her walk toward us, her hand linking her to her boyfriend, Duke. “Hey, Duke,” I call. He waves to me with his free hand. He’s dressed significantly warmer than I am and I see my mistake in only one sweatshirt. I should be wearing my entire closet to keep me warm.
“Hey, man,” Zephyr says when they get closer. They do their complicated handshake thing I still don’t understand while Kennie and I stand there awkwardly.
“I forgot you two know each other,” Kennie says. Sometimes, she fits the blonde stereotype perfectly. I just want to pat her on the head.
Duke looks to her, a little taken aback. “I only graduated last year, babe,” Duke tells her.
“We also hung out during Homecoming, Kennie,” I remind her. Recognition covers her face, as does a light blush. She’s going to need a minute to recover, here. “How’s school?” I ask Duke, remembering that he attends Eastern Washington University near Spokane.
“Going good,” he says with a nod. “I decided to pay my girl a visit this weekend before the snow clogs up the pass.”
“Isn’t he great?” Kennie beams, clutching onto her boyfriend’s arm with a gloved hand. It finally got cold enough, for Alexia’s standards, that the squad now wears their sweats and jackets over their uniform. At least Kennie won’t freeze tonight. That makes one of us, really.
“He’s something,” I respond, smiling.
Kennie sticks out her tongue. I respond the same before we start laughing.
A car door slams behind us and, instinctively, I turn to see who is joining the party. I spot the blonde hair before I make the connection.
Ryder.
He walks across the courtyard, his duffel bag in hand, as he aims straight for the locker room door. He only looks forward, never bothering to acknowledge us, as if we are invisible. It’s a good thing, too, because I would point out his still-bruised eye. Now it’s a lovely shade of vomit green. It suits him. Sometimes I think the other eye needs to match.
It’s a great image in my mind.
“Hey,” Duke yells to him, leaving Kennie to go talk to the bruised blonde as he passes. Duke catches up, following Ryder through the door as they start a conversation.
“I forgot about him,” I mutter, shaking where I stand from the cold. It would be so easier if Ryder were just gone. Like, far, far away. I should tell him Pluto is nice this time of year. He can take Alexia and go on some romantic vacation.
Zephyr spots the shudder, shrugging off his jacket and wrapping it around my shoulders, encasing me in more warmth.
“Again, so adorable,” Kennie confirms, her smile wide.
Zephyr playfully rolls his eyes, kissing me quickly before he follows through the door, leaving me to talk with Kennie.
“Sorry about him,” Kennie begins, mentioning her boyfriend. “He’s friends with Ryder,” she explains.
“Why should I care about that?” I ask, following her to the stands as she begins to stretch and warm up, doing a few flips to get her blood flowing. “Ryder can be friends with whomever he wants. Aho am I to stop him?” I cross my arms along my chest.
Kennie nods, seeming to understand. That is all I can ask from her.
Until it’s Zephyr making the touchdown.
When he runs into the end zone, I am the first one jumping up and down, tugging on Duke, and screaming the loudest. No one is more proud than I am. Even when he is pathetically dancing across the field.
That’s my guy!
Halftime rolls around and I’m talking to Kennie, mocking Alexia—who makes it abundantly clear she is back together with Ryder, like I would care. During the second half, I text Harley, waiting for the game to end.
When it does end—thank God! We won, by the way—I am the first one down the stairs, waiting by the locker room door for Zephyr to emerge and take me home. Also, I need to show my love for Zephyr, he scored a touchdown. Kennie and Duke wait with me, keeping me company when Ryder passes with Alexia attached to him at the lips as if she were a fish sucking algae from the wall of a fish tank. Such a lovely sight if you ask me.
My boyfriend—I love saying that—walks out, dropping his bag on the ground to wrap me in a tight hug. I barrel into him.
“I’ll see you both later,” Kennie says with a giggle as she and her boyfriend leave us.
Zephyr lifts me from the ground, a wide smile on his face when he takes a good look at me.
“What’s this about?” I ask, holding on for dear life to make sure I don’t fall, or worse, he drops me. He isn’t that klutzy, I just prefer the ground to air most of the time.
Nothing. Just you,” he tells me. Zephyr lowers me to the ground slowly, holding onto me to make sure I don’t fall, steadying me before we start walking to his car. It sounds like overkill, but the guy is a foot taller than I am. I am a tiny girl. One false move, one wrong fall, and I am in crutches. “Does Aunt Hil work tonight?”
“Yeah,” I answer. “I’m home alone again, tonight.” I exaggerate a pout. Honestly, I don’t mind it. It happens a lot. I am used to it. She is a busy woman.
“No you’re not,” he states, matter-of-factly, closing the door behind me after I slide into the passenger seat. What an awkward way to leave me, dude.
I think for a moment as he rounds the car. He can’t possibly mean he’ll spend the night. For one thing, isn’t it a bit soon for that? I’m uncomfortable with the idea of Zephyr staying the entire night. We’ve done it before. But not in a while. Not since we were kids. And Jamie was always there.
Zephyr slides into the car, inserting the key into the ignition. “You don’t have to do that,” I tell him as he starts the car.
“You remember that night when I woke you up from that nightmare that had you screaming bloody murder?” How could I forget, dude? He shoots a pointed glare in my direction.
“Of course,” I mutter quietly, lowering my gaze. I try not to think about it, it’s too embarrassing.
“I would’ve stayed with you the entire night then had you not kicked me out.” He flicks the turn signal, going left. The tiny click, click, click the only sound in the car. “Even if we weren’t what we are, I’d stay with you. So I’ll be over at your house tonight.” He shoots me a smile.
And he was.
We sat on my bed, trying to figure out what we were going to do. I am not sure if I could let him, you know … sleep in my bed. Earlier was one thing, I didn’t fully intend to fall asleep even though I did, but through the entire night? I don’t know about that.
“How are we going to do this?” I ask nervously, folding my hands together in my lap.
“I’m not exactly sure,” he answers.
We’re sitting farther apart than usual. There is at least two feet of space between us. It seems when we start thinking about sleeping in the same bed, even the same room—and I will admit I am thinking about it right now even though it scares the shit out of me—we freak ourselves out.
“I mean, you could … my bed, but then … and how … and you…” I stutter, trailing off, too scared to finish my thought. I think my palms are sweating. 
Zephyr’s expression changes, his eyes light up and he gets an idea. “I’ve got it.” He stands and leaves my room, leaving the door open and me wondering what he is doing.
“Where are you going?” I call after him, listening to him open and close various doors in the hallway. Random…
He walks back in, carrying a large box I vaguely remember from my childhood. He drops it in the center of the room and pops it open. All I see is black.
“I remembered this thing from the nights you, Jamie, and me would camp out in your living room because no one trusted us to actually pitch a tent in the backyard.”
I remember that.
Back when we were kids, Hilary had the brilliant idea for us to go camping. When that dream died—all adults became too busy—we wanted to camp in the backyard and pretend we were some place different and cool. Molly and my aunt wouldn’t go for that so we decided to camp out in the living room. My aunt even bough an air mattress to make it seem authentic. All we really did was watch television and ate junk food, it wasn’t the greatest camping experience we wanted, but it’d do. When it was time for bed, Jamie and I would commandeer the air mattress, making Zephyr sleep on the couch.
Good times.
I nod, finally, watching him yank the thick rubber thing from the box. “That should work then,” I tell him.
“My thoughts exactly,” he remarks, setting up the mattress right next to my bed and letting the air pump do its thing. Albeit slowly.
“I haven’t thanked you for this yet,” I tell him after we’ve fallen into a comfortable silence, both of us watching the air mattress slowly inflate. I forgot how slow the thing is. At this rate, we should be able to sleep in an hour or two.
“No need to thank me.” He wraps an arm around me, pulling me closer to him. I believe this is my favorite thing in the world.
“I do,” I tell him, “have to thank you.” I lean my head against his shoulder. “You have to deal with your crazy, psycho girlfriend with serious mental issues. I have plenty to thank you for, Zephyr.”
I feel Zephyr’s body shake as he laughs. He kisses the top of my head. “Your hair smells great,” he tells me, ignoring everything I said which only makes me smile.
“You smell great,” I counter, mumbling into his shirt, smelling the woodsy scent of his soap.
I look up, smiling widely. He returns the smile, leaning down to kiss me lightly on the lips, the familiar chaste kiss we’ve grown used to. I would say that’s better, given that we’re in my room, on my bed. Don’t want to start anything heated, do we?
After the mattress inflates—forty-five minutes minutes later, we get dressed for bed, me in my room, him in the hallway—I told him he could change in the bathroom like a normal person, but he wouldn’t listen to me. I click off the overhead light, leaving my lamp on briefly, the yellow light illuminating the odd scene in my room.
I haven’t had a sleepover in years.
“Good night, Jo,” Zephyr tells me as he relaxes into the mattress, his every move making a weird rubber creak. I can’t help but giggle.
“Night,” I reply, quickly adding, “I’ll leave the window open,” in a light whisper.
“Me too.”
A light breeze blows through the window, ruffling the floral drapes hanging open. It brushes across my face, filling the room with the scent of rain. It’s going to rain soon.
Thirty
Air blows through the window, the one I left open last night—something I’ve grown used to with Zephyr on the other side of the alley. The feeling of air streaming through the window cools me, calms me, and I take a deep breath, savoring a night of real sleep, a night free of nightmares. Oh, sweet baby Jesus, there is nothing I love more than that.
One shift of my hand—which dangles over the edge of the bed—and I can feel Zephyr’s hand in mine, tightening when I move, refusing to release me for anything.
I smile, happy to be where I am.
“What is going on here?” asks a voice, cutting into my subconscious, startling me fully awake. The voice sounds confused, worried, a little angry, and…
Hilary?
Happy? Maybe I spoke too soon. There is no way my aunt could be happy with finding a boy in my room. At least he isn’t in my bed.
I slowly peel my eyes open, hoping, perhaps, I imagined the voice. That is possible. I am crazy. I could be having a mental breakdown or something—this wouldn’t be the first time I’ve hoped for that. But when my eyes land on the familiar green pair staring back at me, I know I’m sane, and that is upsetting. Standing in the doorway, her exhaustion apparent as she holds her hands on her hips, she’s staring at me… and at Zephyr. Oops. I think her toe is tapping. Yikes.
“Uh,” I start, leaning up on my elbows and letting Zephyr’s hand drop back to the air mattress. “Sleeping?” I respond, plastering a smile on my face as my cheeks begin to heat in a flush.
“I can see that.” The sound makes Zephyr stir. He rolls over, moaning with sleepiness, until his eyes land on the pair staring at him. She forces a tight-lipped smile, her chapped-lips a thin line. “Why is Zephyr, your boyfriend, sleeping on an air mattress on your floor when I suspect—I mean, I don’t know for certain—he has a very nice bed in his own room”—she points to the window—“over there?”
I am slightly stunned, just staring at her standing in my doorway. I don’t know what to say. I didn’t expect any of this. She makes it seem like we were going at it like rabbits on that air mattress when we really just slept through the night, and boy, what a good sleep that was. Then she seems too confused to understand what she’s looking at it.
It’s as if she doesn’t know me at all.
“She couldn’t sleep?” Zephyr blurts out. Questioning it isn’t helping the situation and my hand itches to smack him, lightly, in the back of the head. He sits up, his hair a tangled mess, the noise from the bed filling the room. It’s a nice, brief distraction. He runs a hand through his unruly mop of hair on the top of his head.
Hilary laughs quietly, a slight shake to her head as she looks to us. “I assume you couldn’t sleep either, being on that thing.” Her green eyes dart to me then back to Zephyr.
“I can’t complain,” Zephyr mutters, resting his elbows on his knees.
“Do your parents know you’re over here?”
Zephyr doesn’t look up. “The appropriate answer for that would be yes…” he drags out, the familiar smirk tugging at his lips. He couldn’t feign innocence if he tried.
“And that would be a no,” she replies, matter-of-factly. “There was, uh… no sex—”
I interrupt her loudly with a whine of, “God, Aunt Hil!”
“—was there?”
I narrow my eyes, shooting imaginary daggers at her, hoping they metaphorically pierce her heart and she feels it. How more embarrassing could she be? God!
“That would also be no.” She nods curtly. “I’m just going to go, you know, before I say something worse.”
You do that!
Zephyr chuckles, watching Hilary walk down the hall while trying to fix the mess on his head. He turns to me. “Did you sleep okay?” he asks, resting his elbow on the edge of my bed once he’s untangled his bed-head.
“For the most part,” I reply. I lightly touch his elbow, feeling the warmth of his skin. What I said makes him laugh. I place my hands on his arms. “How about you?” That mattress must have been a literal pain in the ass. It was when I’d sleep on it.
His eyes dart to the air mattress. “Uh … sure,” he lies. It’s cute.
I laugh, lying back down, snuggling back into the warmth of my sheets. I hear the rubber crunch as Zephyr lies back.
“Uh, Zephyr,” Hilary yells from the living room.
“What now?” I ask quietly, flinging the sheet from my legs while Zephyr rolls from the mattress onto the floor.
“Your mother is here.”
Crap!
“This can’t be good,” he mutters. We walk down the stairs.
Actually, he walks down the stairs. I stay near the top in case Molly wants to yell at me for being a bad influence on her son, even though we did nothing but sleep. Zephyr walks into the living room, prepared for whatever is about to happen, smiling to his mother like he didn’t just walk out of my bedroom at, oh, eight in the morning.
“Zephyr,” she begins with a long, drawn out sigh, her arms crossed tightly across her chest, mimicking exactly how my aunt is standing next to her. “Can you explain to me what you’re doing here?”
Oh, dear. This is not going to be good. Not good … not good at all.
He grins. “Isn’t that one of the big philosophical questions, Mom?” Really, Zephyr? Now is the time you want to say something like that. I can see smart-ass run across Molly’s mind. “Why am I here? Why are any of us here? Are we real or possibly a dream?” He turns to me, winking. Oh, baby Jesus; she is going to slap him. “Is this all we’ll ever really know?”
“Zephyr Alexander Kalivas!” Ugh, the dreaded middle name. “Before you go all Allegory of the Cave on me, you know what I meant.” I bite my lip to stifle the nervous giggle threatening to erupt. “I want an explanation, now.”
Oh, no, she’s pointing. She’s pointing very aggressively. Not good! Not good! Abort mission—abort!
“Mom, we didn’t do anything.” His hand covers his mouth as he yawns, it’s infectious and I try to bite back my yawn.
“I walked in, Molly,” Hilary start. “He was sleeping on that old air mattress, he was on the floor,” she explains.
Molly knits her brow. “Really?” That surprises her? She looks to me, walking in front of the staircase to get a better look at me. I try to vanish, try to blend into the banister as best I can but I am not that small nor do I match the dark brown of the wood. “An air mattress?” she asks me.
I nod quickly.
“Yeah, Mom,” her son replies.
“I should lecture you about this,” Molly begins, her index pointed out again. “No, I should let your father handle this. But if there was an air mattress involved…” she shrugs. “And you don’t look disheveled,” she adds quietly, as if trying to convince herself of something she barely understands, “Then I shouldn’t be that upset. I still am, kid, don’t you dismiss that.”
“Sorry, Mom,” Zephyr states. “Jo needed me.”
That seems to soften Molly’s hard exterior.
“Just tell me next time you leave the house in the middle of the night, would you?” she asks with a sigh, reaching her hands out to hug her son. “I don’t want to spend another twenty minutes talking to your bedroom door when you’re not behind it pretending to listen to me. A Post-It note would be greatly appreciated, all I’m saying.” Zephyr laughs, wrapping his arms around his mother. It’s such a cute family moment. I’m a little envious. She pulls away. “And you.” Her gaze and index finger zero in on me as I cower on the top step.
“Yes, Mrs. Kalivas,” I say instinctively, still sitting, now cowering. My trembling legs would send me down the stairs faster than I would like—probably with a few broken bones.
Her eyes narrow with confusion, briefly darting to Zephyr. “Still, Molly, honey,” she tells me. “I’m not upset, dear, just making sure you’re okay. That everything is okay.” She takes a few steps toward the stairs, toward me. “We love you, Joey; remember that. We’re all one giant family here. There are plenty of people that care about you.” She smiles. “I’ll see you all later, when you’re all over for dinner, right Hilary?”
“Wouldn’t miss it, Molly,” my aunt tells our neighbor, sending a sharp look in my direction. I forgot about the dinner but I wouldn’t miss Molly’s cooking for anything.
The adults walk to the door, talking quietly, while Zephyr ascends the stairs, taking a seat on the step beneath mine. He rests his hands on my legs, jutting out his bottom lip. I roll my eyes before placing my hands atop his arms. We look to each other, happy all the tension has left the room, and start laughing, loud, boisterous laughter, the kind that cleanses you. It’s gut-clutching laughter, one well deserved.
Hilary turns to us while we laugh, loudly, clutching to each other to not fall down the stairs. She closes the door, making sure to lock it behind our retreating guest. “I don’t understand the two of you,” she mutters to herself. “Not one bit.” She walks up the stairs, passing us and patting me on the head. Zephyr and I take the opportunity to walk down the stairs and take over the couch.
“Want to watch a movie?” I ask, grabbing the remote from the coffee table.
“As long as it isn’t another bloodbath marathon,” Zephyr replies. “Sure.” He makes himself comfortable, spreading out where he sits, even tugging down the afghan draped along the back of the couch.
And we do. I choose a Nicholas Sparks film just to annoy him. Specifically, The Notebook. He doesn’t bat an eye, just pulls me to his side and watches the movie with me while rubbing his hands up and down my arm. The next movie we watch is his choice. He chooses D2: The Mighty Ducks and we spend the rest of the afternoon with the second and third movie, screaming at the screen with every hit Team Iceland makes against the main team, cheering loudly at the end of the movie when Team USA, or the Ducks, win.
I’m a nerd for The Mighty Ducks.
That night, as promised, we enjoy dinner at Zephyr’s house—macaroni and cheese, my favorite—and the rest of the weekend is filled with homework, studying, and tutoring Zephyr through AP Euro.
Thirty-One
After all the excitement, it finally came time for my lovely monthly appointment with Dr. Jett. Two weeks later than usual but I don’t care. I have a few things to talk about this session, a few questions brewing, and important things about my past I must know. I have a strong feeling she has a few answers.
“I haven’t seen you in a while, Joey,” Dr. Jett says from her chair, her usual yellow legal pad sits on her lap, her pen poised above the page ready to take down whatever I say.
“I sort of had detention,” I tell her, even though she already knew. “For two weeks.” Her eyes widen, her brows raise, and I can see the questions forming.
I really should start lying to her more often. What could it hurt, really?
“Why did you have detention?” she asks, her pen already moving across the page. Her brown eyes connect with mine, waiting for my answer.
But I don’t wanna.
I sigh, my fingers start tugging on a loose thread in the chair. It’s black, not matching the brown of the upholstery. “That’s not what I want to talk about,” I say.
“It seems important,” she tells me with a nod. “I mean, there had to be some—”
“I remembered something,” I say so quietly, I don’t think she heard me, but she stops talking, her pen stops moving, and I can feel her staring at me. I think I’ve stunned this woman.
That’s a first.
I tuck my hair behind my ear before lacing my hands together in my lap.
“Something?” the poised doctor asks, as if she didn’t hear me correctly. “Like what?”
I need to clarify? I need to explain? She earned that degree hanging on the wall, right?
“About that night,” I tell her. “The night.”
Dr. Jett nods slowly. “What?” she asks, tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear, “What did you remember, Joey?”
“I was…” The memory overtakes me, taking me back to the tiny dark space, filling me with that familiar fear, tugging me darker and deeper. “I was hiding in a closet,” I finish, averting my eyes to the window. I watch a bird land on a branch, looking content to be there, away from the rain. “That’s why my father couldn’t find me at first; I was hiding, or sleeping, in my bedroom closet.”
She makes a quick note before flipping the first sheet of her notepad over and setting it on her desk, placing her hands in her lap.
“Do you know why?” she asks, professionalism restored. “Why you were in the closet?”
That is a good question. One, I too, wondered. I just don’t have an answer. Not one that makes sense, anyway. Many things keep floating through my mind but none makes any sense.
I still have an answer, though.
“I remember when I first moved in with my aunt,” I begin, briefly remembering the persistent fear of my childhood. “I’d spend hours sitting in the closet because I thought it was safe.” I would make a little cocoon of blankets and pillows, shoving the shoes and various knickknacks that covered the floor over to the side. “She wouldn’t be able to find me. Then, when she would start freaking out, I’d pop out of the closet.” It got to the point where Hilary knew to check the closet before she needed to call the police.
“So…” she starts slowly, trying to add things in her mind. “You were in the closet that night?”
“And he was screaming Josie, Josie over and over.” I can still hear the man’s voice calling for the girl who wouldn’t answer. “I think that’s what he called me,” I tell her. “Do you know anything about that?”
“It was mentioned in your file,” she tells me, her face looking like it was carved from stone.
That’s news.
“And you didn’t tell me when I asked about it last session?” I blurt out, feeling anger swell within me. That is vital information I would have loved to learn weeks ago. I lurch forward in my seat, unable to let my fists land where I want them.
“I wasn’t supposed to tell you. You were supposed to come up with that on your own, Joey. It’s a part of your treatment plan.” I scoff and cross my arms over my chest. Yes, I know that is the teen equivalent to a temper tantrum. I’m still throwing one. “You did. Now, do you want to talk about your reason for detention? Two weeks’ worth of detention, I might add.”
No, not really.
At the end of the session, by the time I step from the room, I am fuming. I swear you can see steam blowing through my ears. It is taking every part of me to prevent myself from punching the beloved doctor in the face.
We did talk about my reason for detention. Not in so much detail, and I didn’t dare mention what this reason did to me at that party, but I told her after she swept what is really on my mind under the rug.
I walk into the waiting room, where Zephyr is sitting on the decayed two-seater, reading a People magazine from two years ago. It has Miley Cyrus on the cover, you know, back when she had hair.
“Are you ready?” I snap. I don’t wait for him to respond. I turn on my heel and bolt through the glass front doors.
“Hey! Wait up!” Zephyr yells, running to catch up with me as I stomp through the empty parking lot like a toddler pissed about being denied a cookie. I guess I’m still having my little temper tantrum. He catches up, his body struggling to take in breath—and he’s the athletic one of the two of us.
I unlock the car and dive behind the wheel, starting the engine before Zephyr even opens the passenger door. He gets into the car and shoots me a look of concern. One I don’t want to acknowledge. I want to seethe. I want to scream.
Damn it, I want to hit things.
I peel onto the road, burning rubber and cutting off the car behind me. The driver lays on the horn and I flip them the only finger that counts, hoping they can see it through the back window. Zephyr grips the handle to the door with white knuckles as I speed down the street, weaving in and out of traffic as if I were in some Fast and Furious film.
“Joey,” Zephyr starts slowly, trying not to piss me off anymore than I already am. He’ll fail if he says the wrong thing. I could possibly throw him from the car … without stopping. “Calm down.”
I don’t want to calm down—I want to hit things. Preferably with a couple tons of car.
Though, I can’t with this car. I wouldn’t be able to explain to my aunt without having my driving privileges revoked, but I still want to put something against a wall … or a person.
I wonder if I could kick Ryder again. That helped the last time.
But Zephyr is right—damn it—I need to calm down. Driving when I am this angry, this infuriated, cannot be good.
I slow the car down, trying to be a responsible driver, and take a deep breath. Finally, I pull the car over, parking in the nearest fast food restaurant to collect my bearings.
I remove my hands from the steering wheel. It hurts to unclench but I need to breathe. I need to release. I need to detach myself. My knuckles turn from the stark white back to their normal tan color and I try and shake the feeling back into my hands. They just hurt.
“Sorry,” I say quietly as I mentally count back from ten to calm myself, one of the tricks—ironically—Dr. Jett taught me in the start of my sessions with her. When everything became overwhelming, when I felt completely buried, I needed to detach myself from the situation and distance myself—somehow counting did that.
“It’s okay,” Zephyr responds quickly, breathless. There is a shaky vibrato to his voice. I scared him, didn’t I? That almost makes me laugh but it remains buried beneath the present anger still within me, the anger still boiling my blood.
After I take the time to breathe, making sure I’m calm enough to drive without causing an accident on the road, I drive home—going the speed limit. Zephyr wants to talk about it but I quickly nip it away, kissing him quick before wishing him a good rest of the night and heading inside my house alone. I try to work on homework but I can’t focus. My mind is filled with thoughts and images: I can still picture the man searching for me, or Josie, I can still picture what he held in his hand, and I am still angry. No. I am livid. Dr. Jett just dismissed what I remembered. She dismissed my feelings and fears about being in the dark about my own past.
I think that is something I need to know!
You can’t know where you’re going if you don’t know where you’re from. How can I even think about graduating high school, going off to college, and starting my own life if I don’t know important things about myself? About my past? How can I move on with my life if I don’t know from which I am moving on? It doesn’t make sense to me. And the people I thought would help me, the people I believed in my heart would help me, are leaving me in the dark because it’s better for me if I don’t know or it’s better if I figure things out on my own.
It’s complete crap if you ask me.
But just because I feel like this, just because I am so angry, doesn’t mean I can treat Zephyr like I did. I treated him like scum and I know that. I had no right to endanger his life like that just because I didn’t like what I heard in therapy. It is my problem, not his, and I was being … crazy.
Overwhelmed with emotion, I slam my chemistry book close and run my hands roughly through my hair, my curls clinging to my fingers as I bunch my hair in my closed fists, feeling the anger and worry surge through me. It’s brief current coursing through my veins, then I’m tired, exhausted from everything.
It’s time for bed. I walk up the stairs, brush my teeth, and head into my room to change into pajamas. I dig around in my top drawer until I find a pair of multicolored striped sleep shorts and slip them on, tugging off my t-shirt. I stand in my room, feeling the chill brush against my legs. I feel so small here, I feel like a passing moment, waiting for my time to end, but the moment continues on an endless loop and I’m waiting, waiting for something different. It just never comes.
Is this everything I have to look forward to, is this everything my future holds for me? I know I’m going places. I have always known I was destined for something greater than this place, I just never knew I would possibly take my demons with me.
That thought, that realization, is enough to fuck with me. It’s enough to drag me from the depths of my deepest pits, into the shallow grasp of the monster. The monster, the thought is strong enough to send chills down my spine, shaking me where I stand. Just the memory of the man, of my father, chills me to the bone. It’s so cold, the memory, that I can’t shake it away. It immobilizes me.
But I can’t let it.
 I tie up my hair and look to my window, spotting Zephyr reading on his bed. It’s such a sweet sight. He’s shirtless—thank the gods!­—and he is leaning against the headboard, one hand above his head, the other holding tightly to the book. He moves to turn the page but immediately resumes the position, a tiny crease forming in his brow as he stares at the page.
This sight warms my heart, it warms me where I stand and I briefly forget everything.
I walk to my window and wave until he sees me. Brown eyes slowly rise from the page while his hand marks the spot. There’s nothing more appealing than a guy who reads! He makes his way to the window after he sets his book on his pillow, his chest bare and still surprisingly rippled. The way he moves has me transfixed, mesmerized, and I want to be there, I want to be where he is. Zephyr pokes his head out into the chilly night air.
“Hey.” He sounds happy to see me. That’s surprising after the afternoon we had. Maybe it’s because I’m not behind the wheel of a car. Probably.
“I’m sorry about earlier,” I tell him, speaking through the alley. “It’s just that, I don’t know…” I trail off trying to put my feelings into words. “Sometimes she looks at me; she speaks to me, like I’m some pathetic little girl; I can’t help myself from being the victim.” I shake my head. “I just get so pissed off when she does that.”
He knows I mean my doctor. “I’m sorry,” he says.
“You shouldn’t be,” I tell him. It’s not his problem, it’ll never be his problem, it’s mine, all mine, and I need to learn to cope with it. Somehow, I need to cope.
“Want me to come over there?” he asks, pointing into my room. “I could sleep on your floor again?”
As amazing as that sounds, I know he would rather sleep on hot coals or on the floor more than that crappy air mattress. And, with him looking like that—eeek!—I’d be too tempted to relieve him of that funky air mattress for the comfort that is my bed. It’s awesome, nice pillow top, so comfortable that I hate leaving it every morning. But that aside…
“I think I can manage tonight, but thanks, Zeph.”
“I wish I could kiss you goodnight,” he says into the cool night air. It’s a whisper between us, the moon, and the stars, carried on a soft breeze from him to me, but he never felt closer.
“Me too,” I whisper back, lightly lifting my hand as if to reach to him. As close as we are, we’re still too far apart. “We’ll save that all for tomorrow.”
That familiar crooked smile of his sneaks through, playing at his lips the way that makes me swoon.
“I’ll leave my window open,” he tells me, repeating our familiar send off for the night.
“Me too,” I whisper.
“JoJo, honey,” a woman’s voice calls from the other side of the room. There is someone in my room? I turn away from the window, slowly facing her, spotting chocolate skin and a loose navy tank top. Her jet-black hair curls around in mini spirals, framing her face in a frizz too adorable for words. She holds her hands out for me and I reach for them, feeling the soft skin caress my tiny fingers. “Come sit on Mommy’s lap.”
Mommy? She’s my mom.
I do.
I climb onto the bench she’s sitting on and plop onto her lap. Her body is warm and comforting as her arms surround me, hugging me from behind, a sweet scent filling my nose—she smells like cinnamon sugar. She grabs my hands, holding them over something large and black, shiny and grand, I’ve heard my mother call it a piano but I’m still not sure if that is its real name. It must be. My mommy wouldn’t lie to me.
“What are you doing, Mommy?” I ask, my tiny voice squeaking out every word as I watch our movements.
She tugs lightly on my braided ponytail. “Playing the piano, silly,” she explains to me. She presses my hand onto a white key and a light sound releases faintly into the air. It sounds beautiful, like nothing I have ever heard before. I want to hear it again. “Want to learn?”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” I say excitedly, almost cheering, with a large smile on my face. “What’s a piano?” I ask, leaning back to look up at mommy, taking in her beautiful features I hope will pass to me someday.
“The giant thing in front of you, stupid,” a voice as tiny as mine barks back. I look to my right and spot someone who looks familiar, as if I’ve seen her in a mirror, looking at me with a scowl etched on her pretty face. I know I’ve seen her before with her pale hazel eyes and dark curls, her olive skin and freckles.
One word plays in my mind: sister.
She’s my sister.
“Ivy Nevaeh!” Mommy scolds angrily. “We do not call anyone stupid in this house, ya hear me?” Ivy rolls her eyes, skillfully for a seven year old. “Apologize to your sister, now,” Mommy demands.
Ivy crosses her arms and lets out a long sigh—way too dramatic for a little girl, but she’s working it. “I’m sorry.” She spits out, not meaning it. You can tell by her surly tone, the way she is standing, and the look in her eyes. She’s angry, an angry little girl, she’s guarded and hurt and just wants to lash out. As her little sister, I know this. I know this because she loves me, she really does, she just needs to hurt someone and that someone is me.
“Mean it, please,” Mommy commands.
“I mean it, geez,” Ivy tells her. She walks over to the bench we’re sitting on and grabs my hand within her own. It’s warm and clammy, not something I would expect. She plasters a fake smile on her face before she drops my hand and walks back into the living room, pretending that didn’t just happen.
“Honestly, I don’t know what has gotten into you lately,” Mommy says, her hands lightly massaging my arms and shoulders as I bang down on random keys. Once the tension I barely felt left the room, I felt it was time for me to make some noise. And I like it.
“Mommy! Mommy!” I say loudly, trying to catch her attention between each bang. I lean back, letting the noise die away, looking up at my mom. I try to see her eyes but she isn’t looking at me. “I still love Ivy,” I tell her, hoping that my sister can hear me. “Even though she called me a bad name, I love her.”
“I love you, too, JoJo,” Ivy calls back from the living room.
“Where’s my camera when I need it?” Mommy asks herself, letting out a little giggle as her hand rubs the top of my head.
“Mommy! Mommy! Mom!” a little boy yells with excitement, running up with his red toy truck in hand.
Brother?
He’s small, almost as small as I am. His hair is a crazy mess on the top of his head. Large curls dangle in front of his eyes, bouncing as he moves. As he smiles, I notice he’s missing his two front teeth. He lets his tongue poke through. Unlike Ivy, his eyes are a deep brown, vibrant but dark, almost black as he looks to me.
“Noah, not now,” Mommy tells him, her attention turning back to me.
“But Mom!” he whines, trying to get the attention back on himself. He grabs her shirt and starts tugging aggressively, hoping to get our mother’s attention.
Mommy sighs, dropping her head onto mine. Noah’s still yanking on her clothing, determined to get her attention. She takes a deep breath before she turns to look at her son. “What is it?” she asks.
He doesn’t answer, he can’t—something loud interrupts him. Somewhere far, a door slams loudly, rattling and shaking a few pictures on the surrounding walls. One falls to the ground, the glass cracking the moment it hits the floor, a jagged web cascading over the family in the frame.
“DAMN IT!” a man shouts on the other side of the house before a loud crash sounds through the air. I jump at the unexpected sound. Mommy wraps her arms around my shoulders, trying to settle my body’s uncontrollable trembling but it’s no use, I can’t stop.
Is that Daddy?
Mommy sets me on the floor next to Noah with a final rub of my arms. “Ivy, honey, take them upstairs, please.”
Ivy jumps into action, running over to me.
“I thought we were playing the piano,” I whine loudly.
Mommy shushes me, her attention darting between the kitchen and me. “Not now, baby,” Mommy tells me before placing a quick kiss to my forehead. She does the same for Ivy and Noah.
“Come on,” Ivy grabs my hand forcefully, tugging me alongside her.
Noah grabs my other hand and Ivy leads us up the stairs. She stops in the hallway near the top of the stairs and crouches down, listening for something. There, we wait. The moments seem endless while Ivy clutches my hand tighter.
“Honey,” Mommy hurriedly asks, I can hear her steps on the tile. “What’s wrong?” Something made of glass crashes against the wall and shatters, I jump and Ivy tugs me closer to her side, wrapping an arm around my shoulders. “Ben, don’t throw things,” she yells, her voice begging.
“Mommy!” I scream, but Ivy’s hand clamps over my mouth, preventing the shrill sound from escaping.
There is silence. An eerie thick silence that surrounds us. It is interrupted with the man yelling, “Where are my kids, Keisha?” Something hits wood, the sound splintering loudly. “What did you do with my fucking children? Are you keeping them from me?” He continues loudly. “I’m their father, God damn it, you can’t keep me from their lives.”
That is Daddy…
“I’m not keeping you from anything, Ben.” She sounds defeated. “They’re upstairs,” Mommy tells him.
“Good, that’s good,” he says. The air is still and quiet before I hear footsteps stomping up the stairs. They’re heading right toward us.
“Where are you going?” Mommy asks—the stomping halts—as Ivy drags Noah and me into the nearest bedroom. The walls are blue with baseballs and footballs taped all over the place, the floor is messy with toy trucks and action figures, random sporting equipment we’re all too young to use takes claim in various corners. This is Noah’s bedroom.
“To see my kids, Keisha,” he yells, the stomps begin again. “Is that a fucking problem?”
“You’ve been drinking, Ben,” Mommy accuses. “You’ll scare them. You should sober up before you see them.”
“You’ve been drinking, Ben,” Daddy mocks, making his voice higher. “God, you sound so pathetic, Keisha. Get out of my way before I make you.”
Ivy looks around the room frantically, trying to find something. She opens the closet door and points. “Closet. Go,” she tells us, ushering us inside quickly. We scramble inside and Ivy closes the door, falling to sit on the shoe-covered floor, pulling me close to her side.
More steps echo down the hall, vibrating the floor as they stop and start, stop and start, until they finally stop.
“I thought you said they were up here,” Daddy says, his voice quiet.
“You scared them, Ben,” Mommy explains. “They’re probably hiding.”
A light laugh that doesn’t sound happy floats through the door. “I probably scared them?” he continues to laugh as his voice waivers. “It’s only Daddy, kids.” His voice travels around the room, through the air, steps vibrate through the floor, tickling my feet where they lay. “Nothing to be fucking SCARED of.” The sound makes me jump. Ivy’s arms tighten around me. “Get your little worthless asses out here or I will hunt you down, each and every one of you.”
“Ben,” Mommy shoots out. “You’re not seeing the kids like this, not when you’re drunk. Do you hear me?”
He barks out a laugh. “Come here, Keisha.” It’s long moments before something falls to the ground, the sound of it breaking on the hardwood floor of Noah’s room startles my brother and he grabs my elbow, squeezing for his life. Mommy screams in pain, I can’t see what’s happening, but I know it can’t be good. Leave my mommy alone! Then a hollow sound, much like a person hitting something both hard and soft, echoes in the room.
“Don’t move,” Ivy whispers so quietly, I don’t think I heard her say anything at all. “He won’t find us if you don’t move. Don’t make a sound.”
I try not to move. I try to remain quiet.
But I don’t.
“Ivy,” I whisper, lifting my head to look at her. “I won’t move, I promise, but is Mommy okay?” I ask. I have to know. I have to know how Mommy is. Please be okay, Mommy, please!
Ivy looks at me, something in her eyes changes. They become empty and hollow, graying ever so slowly, as if she isn’t my sister anymore. She pushes away from me, pushes me into Noah—her hands icy and slick.
“He won’t kill us if you don’t tell,” Ivy says loud enough for Daddy to hear. But she isn’t Ivy anymore.
Her skin turns gray, her eyes turn black, and blood covers her clothes—her pajamas. Her dark curls frizz and mat together, they clot with blood, and she smiles a toothless grin. Her hands reach out as she repeats, “He won’t kill us if you don’t tell, Joey.” Her body inches toward mine as cold hands grip my arms, hands of bone clamping so tight, the pain laces through me, ripping through me, tearing at me. Both of them are gone, both of them have disappeared…
My eyes spring open, staring at the ceiling above the bed. I sit up in bed and frantically search the room for zombie girl from the closet. She isn’t there. I’m alone.
Of course, she’s not there, stupid.
My breathing is fast, too fast, and tears stream down my cheeks. I gulp for air, I reach for something that isn’t there, and I come away with nothing—nothing! I half expect Zephyr to burst through the door but I know he isn’t coming. He can’t save me from this. No one can.
I drop my head in my hands, letting myself drain free from what is within, but it will never help.
“Oh, my God,” I blubber out. “What’s happening to me?”
Thirty-Two
When I saw Zephyr sitting in my kitchen the following morning, I didn’t dare mention the dream—he still doesn’t know about the other dreams I’ve suffered and I plan on keeping it that way. I felt like the dreams were my cross to bear, something I should suffer alone. He didn’t really need to know anything about them. I tried to forget about the dream as I went through my normal day. But I couldn’t shut it out, not for good. It plagued my mind, it haunted every thought and feeling and I couldn’t exorcise this demon. So I let it consume me, in class, in the halls, at lunch, and I tried to devise a plan. If Dr. Jett wouldn’t help me, if she thought other things were more important than any of this, I’d discover my own past without her. What was the point of her, then? I was only more determined to learn what happened to me the more she tried to keep me away from it. I mean, I’m no longer eight years old and hiding in the closet, I’m sixteen—almost seventeen. I’m graduating early, for Pete’s sake—I need to know what happened to me! I need to deal with what happened to me.
I am old enough to know, damn it!
I sit in one of the desks at the front of the room. A pair of girls—I think sophomores—sit in the back of the room working on a project together while they giggle about something. Miss Cherry, the teacher assigned as my senior project advisor, is a sophomore English teacher. She used to teach Senior Project (the class) when it was a required course. That was back when the length to work on your project was a trimester, then a semester when the school switched to the new system. Now it’s a yearlong study tacked on to your history class. It would make more sense for it to be attached to your English class but who am I to complain. If it was with the senior English classes, I may already be doing it. Or at least know I was in an English 12 class.
Miss Cherry stands near the front of the room in boot cut jeans, black Converse, and a loose cable knit sweater that hangs too short, often revealing the small of her back when she bends over and the tattoo—or tramp stamp—her students like to look at. Mostly the boys, anyway. She looks more like a student than a teacher. In fact, I thought she was a student when I walked in. I had never heard of Miss Cherry, I’ve never taken a regular English class and she doesn’t teach APs, so who she was never crossed my path until now. She is bent over a large file drawer, searching for the paperwork and guidelines of the project I am supposed to do.
I can’t wait to start this bad boy.
“Have you given much thought to what you want your project to be about?” she asks me as she continues her search through every slot in front of her, her attention focused on the papers, not me.
“I’ve given it a lot of thought,” I tell her, completely lying, nervously tucking my hair behind my ears. I’m missing lunch and I desperately want an apple. “I’m just still in the dark about it.” Completely honest.
She finds what she is looking for, giggles happily, and pulls out a stack of paper half an inch thick. Holy balls, is that for me? With her hand outstretched, she walks to me, handing me the packet. The thing has weight to it, my goodness. “I think your project should wow your audience,” Miss Cherry tells me as she takes the open seat next to mine. It’s not every day you see a teacher sit in one of the desks. It’s a bit awkward.
Eyes narrowed in confusion, I ask, “Shouldn’t everyone’s?”
“Well, yeah,” she starts, nervously tucking her light auburn hair behind her ear. Despite how young she looks, she is in her mid thirties, so she hasn’t taught this subject in a few years time—maybe the last time was the year before I started my Freshman year. It is getting obvious the more she fidgets in her seat how foreign this topic has grown to her. “But since you’re a junior, you need to prove you can do this better than any senior.”
As Hilary, every adult, and every single Disney Channel show has told me in the past: I can do anything I set my mind to. There is also that song Who Says by Selena Gomez and the Scene. Who am I to argue with Selena Gomez? I want to do this, I want to graduate early and make my family proud even if they can’t be here with me to celebrate the festive event. I want to make them proud. I want to make my mother proud of me…
I flick through a few of the pages, shoving the thought from my mind with such ferocity that it gives me a headache. I stop halfway through when nothing makes much sense—I shouldn’t really skim this, I need to actually sit down and read it. “What can they be about?” I ask, my eyes briefly glancing down to look at the snow white papers she handed me. “I mean, what topics, or whatever?” I close the packet and set it on the desk in front of me.
“Anything,” she begins. “Provided they lie within the guidelines,” Miss Cherry adds, tapping the thick stack in my hands. “You can job shadow or intern anywhere and describe your experiences. You can volunteer your time with a specific establishment then write about it. Just remember that you need a mentor. That is very important.” She looks to me, her pale green eyes staring intently at me, as I read over the first page. “Have any idea yet?” she asks.
“No,” I admit. “But I’ll continue thinking about it.” My future depends upon it. “Thanks, Miss Cherry.”
“I’m happy to help any time, Joey.” She smiles as I gather my things and leave, entering the hallway.
I almost pass Zephyr when I exit the classroom, forgetting he’s waiting for me outside the door the entire time I was with Miss Cherry. His grin is wide when I turn my attention to him in his Clash t-shirt—he has never even heard a song—and dark jeans. I’m wearing his black jacket. Every few moments, I tilt my head to the side and sniff, smelling my favorite scent: Zephyr.
“Have any idea what you’re going to do for your project yet?” he asks, taking the papers from my hands and looking through them. He’ll have to do this assignment next year, better he learns more about it now than later.
I wrap an arm around his waist, tucking myself beneath his free arm. “Not in the slightest,” I admit shyly. This is the first time I don’t have a game plan going into an assignment. Usually, I have everything outlined before the teacher even finishes discussing the topic, but I am just … stumped. I hate that. Never in my life have I been stumped with an assignment, but never has it meant so much to me before. I want to do something memorable, something that makes people think, but I have no idea what that could be. Is it sad that I want to do something moving and inspirational? Something that leaves a mark? I turn my attention back to Zephyr as his eyes scour the pages of guidelines. I turn to look at him, like really look at him. How is he taking this so well? If he were the one graduating early, if he were the one leaving me, I would be a complete bitch about it. “You know, you’re taking this way better than I originally thought you would?” When I pictured telling him, the image I had of Zephyr in my head was extremely different from what really happened. I pictured anger and arguments; I got acceptance and appreciation.
“How is that?”
“Well, I’m graduating a year early…” I begin. “I’m going off to college—if I can get into one. I’d be a mess if it were you leaving.” I stop for a moment to ponder. A life without Zephyr would be unbearable. I’m not sure I am ready for that. “Hell, I’m still a mess about it. As cliché as it sounds, you’re my rock, Zephyr.”
If he starts singing Simon and Garfunkel, I might just…
“I’m not that happy about it, Jo.” The seriousness in his voice shocks me. I turn, looking up to him, confusion covering my face. “Let me rephrase that: I am happy about it and I am so proud of you, but the situation sucks,” he tells me, squeezing me tightly against his side. “I’m not going to make you feel horrible about leaving this place when that is all any of us wants to do. It’s not like I’m going to break up with you because of this—this is awesome and we still need to celebrate. But I’m not worried about our future. I’ll just apply to whatever college you get into, because you’ll definitely get into college.” I shoot him a look, narrowing my eyes, because I was planning to apply to Ivy League schools. “Or a college close to wherever you go; community college, random job in the area, clown college, whatever, really. Just know that this is only the beginning for us.”
I beam up at him, my smile wider than it’s ever been. “It is.” I smile as we enter the crowded cafeteria, heading for the back table.
He presses a kiss to the top of my head.
We walk up to the table, prying ourselves apart before we take our usual seats. At some point, the number at this table grew. In addition to the usual Harley, Kennie, and me, we’ve attained Avery, permanently attached to Harley’s side, and Jackson and his girlfriend, Ksenia. I don’t mind the people, not as I would have before. These people are nice and don’t treat me weird.
Not like some other people who have been staring at me worse than before. I love how they think I can’t see their eyes train on me the moment I step into the building, but they make it obvious.
“I still can’t believe you’re graduating early,” says Kennie when I set the senior project packet down on the smooth, unstained surface of the table. She’s pouting, jutting out her bottom lip to accentuate her sadness. I am not sure if it’s because I am leaving at the end of the year or because she’s jealous. Maybe a little bit of both—she would give anything to be with Duke at college but she knows she needs to work to get there. Quickly, I stuff the thick packet into my backpack, ready to calm Kennie down if needed.
Harley smacks her on the shoulder, as if she’s been doing it all day, before she rolls me an apple from her lunch. “Why can’t you believe it? She’s a genius, Ken.” Harley smile to me apologetically. “I’m surprised she isn’t graduating at the start of next semester.”
“I still need to take senior experience, whatever that is,” I chime in. “And do the senior project, but other than that, I’m all set to go.” I smile happily, proud of myself. I bet I’m beaming again, maybe glowing a little.
“Know what you’re going to do?” Kennie asks about my project. She brushes something from her hands before resting her arms on the table in front of her lunch.
I shake my head.
I really need to think long and hard until I can come up with a project I will love.
Someone standing near the back door catches my attention as their eyes widen with stare. Ugh, not again. They’re wearing one of those hyper yellow sweatshirts, so I can’t miss them even if I tried. I am tempted to tell them if they want to stare at me, it’s best to wear neutral colors so you can blend into the walls rather than stick out like a sore thumb, blinding me with bright, neon colors. All I’m saying is this kid would suck as a spy. Harley follows my gaze as I stare back at the person. How do you like it, huh? 
Zephyr catches sight of the gawker, ready to defend me. He stands up from the table, yelling, “Hey.” I grab his arm, hoping the pull him back down. He has punched enough people for me to last a lifetime. Yellow Boy snaps to attention, as expected. “Take a picture, it’ll last longer.”
That is so old and outdated but I want to hug him.
The kid, I think a frosh judging by the pizza-face, jumps from the sound, attempting to push open the door. Everyone knows that door is always locked. He finally understands and moves to the other door, pushing against the glass to shove it open. When it doesn’t move—because it can’t—he finally remembers it is a PULL ONLY door, yanking it open, and running full speed into the courtyard behind the school. It’s the easiest place to hide.
“Sorry about that,” Zephyr says as he sits back down. He drags a hand through his hair before he drops it over my shoulder, pressing his lips to my cheek. I’m not sure why but I blush.
“I wish I could do something to make these people stop looking at you like you’re the town freak,” Harley grumbles, glaring at someone slowly passing the table. I can feel their eyes on me, like a silent challenge. I shrink a bit, shielding myself behind Zephyr, strongly wishing I would have listened to him at the beginning of the term when he said not to spend any time with Ryder. If I knew then what I know now, things would be different. “It pisses me off as your best friend when people look at you like you’re crazy when you’re not.”
Define crazy.
“That’d be awesome and … strangely appropriate,” I tell her. There has to be some way to let people know I’m a person just like them. They all have these beliefs about me, inflated ideas, and I can’t change them, not all at once and not easily. So what? I had a different childhood than all of them. My father killed my mother, my brother, and my sister. He tried to kill me, too. Everyone knows and everyone expects me to snap and go on some murderous rampage through school. What my father did does not define me. I’m my own person. I make my own decisions, my own choices. Nothing about my past is who I am. Why no one understands this, I will never know. “Wait a minute, why can’t I?” I ask no one in particular.
“Not following, Jo,” Zephyr says, transitioning from his conversation with Avery, Ksenia, and Jackson about what makes football better than basketball. I stopped listening once I heard the word football.
“My project.” Blank faces stare back at me. “I can do a project on anything, right? Well, I can volunteer somewhere,” I start, still trying to make sense of it in my own mind. There’re a few places I remember, some in Lynnwood. “What if I were to volunteer at a women’s center and tell my own personal story with my presentation?” People might not approve, they may hate it, but no one can say I wasn’t original.
“That sounds like a great idea,” Harley praises while Kennie oohs next to her.
“But you don’t know your story,” Zephyr reminds me.
I don’t know a lot about my past—the main flaw in my plan—but a few of the puzzle pieces are fitting together, starting to make a full picture I can identify, I should be able to figure it out as I go.
How hard can it be, really?
“I can learn, though.” I tap my index finger on the end of my nose, trying to think of a way to figure some things out. I would have to ask my aunt. Yeah, like that would ever work. I have to think of a way to convince my aunt to explain what happened to me that night. It’s a hell of a lot easier to say than to do.
“I don’t like that face,” Harley says, eyes wide as she stares at me with concern, her fingers playing with the end of her hair. “That’s not a good face for her to have,” she points out to Zephyr.
He looks at me, then Harley, then back to me, ready to agree. “What are you thinking, Jo?”
Did I ever mention how much I love it when he calls me Jo? Swoon!
“Nothing scary,” I admit, feigning innocence.
I am not thinking anything yet … well, nothing big. I just know who to ask for answers to the big questions. The only problem is, while I know who to ask, there is just no way of knowing if she’ll tell me anything. Hilary is protective after all.
At home, after I sit through copious amounts homework—mostly calculus and chemistry—and watch some random cooking show on the Food Network where the secret ingredient is cotton candy, I decide there is no better time like the present to discover a few new things about myself and piss off my aunt in the same breath. I am such a great niece, huh? So, I walk up the stairs, take a deep breath to give myself courage, and knock on the first door after the bathroom—Hilary’s door. She tells me it’s open and I walk in, instantly taking in the floral scent wafting through the air.
Hmmm… I wonder what that means?
“Hey, Aunt Hil,” I start, slowly walking toward the queen sized bed in the center of the room. On the top of her bed is a pale blue comforter with hand-sewn flowers dotted throughout, something she made with her mother, my grandmother, when she was around my age. On top of the comforter is a dress—she owns a dress?—it’s short and black with thin straps—oh my goodness, she has a little black dress!—something you might wear on a special occasion. What is the occasion? “This is nice.” I touch the smooth fabric. It feels like water against my hand, sliding as I move my hand down.
“Thanks.” I turn, watching her fancy herself up at her vanity. “I have a date tonight,” Hilary tells me as she lines her eyes in dark liner.
Hold up.
Since when does my aunt date?
“A date?” I ask, a little shocked, a little excited. It’s about time my aunt got back on the horse. “Like a real date with an actual person who takes you out to dinner?” I am sure she wants to smack me. I can tell from the look. This is when I insert my foot into my mouth with enough force to kick a soccer ball five hundred feet.
“Yes,” Hilary answers, turning to shoot me another pointed look, she’s only lined one eye so it makes me giggle. “Is that so surprising, Joey?”
I should say, Oh, hell no, Aunt Hil, you’ve still got game, go out and get ‘em, maybe with a sassy head roll and a Z-snap. Instead, because I am so awesome, I say, “Kind of.” No one can say I’m not honest. “It’s just you don’t date,” I explain to her, as if she hasn’t been around to witness this herself. Never in my eight years living with her have I seen her so much as look at a man, or woman, in any amount of interest. I have never even heard her talk about dating. To be honest, I don’t even know if she’s straight or lesbian.
“I’m trying to change that,” she tells me with a nervous laugh. I guess she’s scared. “Or I think I am.” She sets her eyeliner on the table in front of her and stands up, heading toward the bed. “Is this too much?” she asks as her hand flicks at the fabric of the dress.
“You’re asking me?” I blurt.
“You’re the only one of us in a relationship.”
“I had to call Jamie!”
Hilary grabs the dress from the bed and quickly changes into it while I avert my gaze, a polite habit I’ve gained. I do the same thing in the locker room before gym class, because it would be creepy for a girl to stare at anyone while they undressed. Just saying. I zip it up for her in the back when she asks. Hilary steps in front of the mirror, smoothing down the fabric as she looks at the reflection. The dress hugs her in all the right places. Her date has no idea how lucky they are because my aunt is one hot momma. I can’t believe that phrase just ran through my mind, but it did and I regret nothing.
“Do I at least look nice to you?” she asks me as she stares into the mirror, trying to fix random issues she finds—excuse me, random invisible issues she finds.
“Of course you look hot, Aunt Hil,” I tell her. “All the kids want to play with you on the playground, right?” I ask.
She rolls her eyes. “Stop being a smart ass, Joey,” she tells me, trying her best to hide her giggle. At least I can still make her laugh. That is going to be important.
“You look beautiful to me.” I watch the blush creep up her exposed neck, blooming across her cheeks, and she tries—but fails—to hide it. She is such a cute person sometimes. I take a seat on her bed, pulling her blue robe onto the bed from the trunk at pushed against the end, unconsciously smoothing it out. “Who’s the lucky guy?”
“Just another doctor at the hospital,” she tosses over her shoulder—I don’t get a name to use in case you go missing?—as she digs through her closet for a pair of shoes. She tosses a red pair of heels behind her before she stands up, smoothing out her dress for the fifth time. It definitely won’t be the last time.
“Is he your McDreamy or McSteamy?” I ask with a wide, wicked grin on my face.
Hilary snorts. “That’s enough Grey’s Anatomy for you, kid,” she tells me with a laugh and a finger point.
“Uhn uh,” I protest. “Don’t deny me my Cristina fix,” I jokingly bark threateningly. “When it’s back on, my ass will be planted on that couch screaming at anyone that dare disturbs my precious time.”
Hilary slips on the red heels she dug from the back of her closet, which sticks a Kellie Pickler song in my head, as she says, “I’ll keep that in mind, hon.”
A moment of silence fills the air between us, enveloping us in the momentary quiet, as I contemplate how to word my question. From what I know—and by that, I mean from what I have learned from eavesdropping like a creep on her conversations with Dr. Jett after a few sessions a couple years back—she is happy I can’t remember anything. She prefers I forget everything about that night, anything to do with my father, and just start over.
Well, that little tidbit alone makes me curious to know everything. And I do mean every little last detail. I don’t care how I go about to procure this knowledge, I just know I will.
“So…” I start, trailing off as I play with the frayed hem of my shirt, making the frayed edge worse.
“What do you want?” Hilary asks without looking at me. She is fixing her hair, curling the orange locks around a thick curling iron to get a nice wave.
“What makes you think I want something?” I ask as innocently as I can muster. I even smile.
“It’s the way you said ‘So…,’” she answers, attempting to change her voice by making it two octaves higher when mocking me. I can’t help but think to myself, I don’t even sound like that, woman. “Now, what do you want?” she asks again.
“It’s nothing big, really,” I begin. “I just want you to, uh … talk to me, like … about my past and what happened to me. Ya know—the usual.”
I know. I know I don’t really want to know all the gory details—who in the world really would?—but I need to know some things like what happened that night and the things that led up to it. I don’t think that is too much to ask.
From her expression, which, let me tell you, terrifies me, I can tell she doesn’t want to tell me a damn thing. Her green eyes widen, her mouth drops open, and her eyebrows skyrocket. She looks like a crazed, redheaded banshee.
No comments about gingers not having souls, please.
“Not going to happen, Joey.” That sounds like, End of discussion. But I am a pester-er.
“Aunt Hil, please,” I beg.
She looks at me, like really looks at me, turning fully around in her seat just to stare at me before she says, “Joey, no. For one, I don’t really want you to remember what happened that night.” Annoying but understandable. “I may be a bitch for that but I’m a firm believer in what you don’t know won’t hurt you and once you open that can of worms, you’ll only be hurt. I’m doing this for your best interests, honey, I’m sorry.” See, my aunt has a soul.
Shot down instantly, just as I thought.
Time to try Plan B.
“Will you at least tell me if my father called me Josie?” I ask, avoiding her gaze.
The air in the room goes still and I can hear the wheels in Hilary’s head turning. I thought that would get her attention.
“I thought you couldn’t remember anything?” Hilary asks in surprise.
“There’s a worm sneaking way from the can, Aunt Hil, I can’t help that,” I tell her, standing up to leave. I stop at the door, turning to say, “Good luck on your date tonight.” Smiling before I head into my room for the night.
I spend the next afternoon waiting at Pathways for Women to speak to someone, anyone, who knows about what I am asking. While waiting, I notice small children playing in front of the building and their mothers standing nearby watching them to make sure they remain safe. I wonder about the women and their families, about what brought them to this place. It can’t be good stories so I stop myself before I imagine something worse than what it could be.
“Hello.” A woman’s voice catches my attention, snapping my gaze from the window. “My name is Felicia Carlson, what can I do for you?” A short stocky woman with short brown hair asks me. I stand up from the chair. Surprisingly, we’re the same height. That’s scary because I’m only five-feet.
“Hi, I’m Joey Archembault and I am a high school student doing research for a school project,” I tell her, holding out my hand for her to shake.
“What kind of research?” Felicia asks, taking me back to her office.
“Research about violence against women and families, that sort of thing, can you help me?”
Felicia nods.
That afternoon, I got my senior project mentor and that night, I wrote up my proposal.
Thirty-Three
There were many things I learned about Felicia Carlson that afternoon. The first being that she is the proud mother of three brilliant children; two girls and one boy, ages thirteen, twelve, and nine. She even showed me pictures, as a proud mother would, and I could instantly see the family resemblance. It was all in the eyes, a gray-blue hue that reminded me of a frozen lake, and the smile, wide and happy despite everything they’d been through. The next thing I learned about this wonderful woman was her fight to send her now ex-husband to prison for the mental, emotional, and physical abuse he put her and her children through when they were still married. I learned how, after she divorced him, he stalked her and her family for three years before attempting to break into their house. She’d moved, filed for restraining orders, told schools that no one could pick up her kids unless it was her. Her story hit home for me.
She’s a survivor, a proud survivor.
I couldn’t be happier she’s my mentor.
What did she learn about me? My name. Not even my full name.
I didn’t want to tell my tale just yet—it still felt to fragile and raw when I spoke the words aloud—so I just explained who I was, not explaining anything major about my family or life, and why I was doing this project.
“It’s a very important topic to speak about,” I told her that first afternoon I met her in her office. “And I don’t feel that many people in my school know or care enough about it to learn more,” I continued to explain. Most of that is true. At least in my mind.
Felicia agreed with that whole-heartedly, nodding once the words left my lips.
So we discussed what would be appropriate for me to speak about during my presentation. Felicia made emphasis on the statistics and research sites she outlined for me—and the list was long. I didn’t have the heart to tell her I was going to discuss more than the statistics of domestic violence and the lasting effects. I was going to speak about personal experiences, back-stories if I could find some people to interview; I wanted the students of my high school to understand that this can happen to anyone. No one is exempt from being hurt. No one is immune to the probability of domestic violence.
Today, teenagers think—no, believe—they are invincible, they believe nothing bad can ever happen to them. I am proof that horrible, horrible things happen all the time and sometimes, there is nothing you can do to stop it. You can’t stop the boulder from rolling downhill once it’s already started. I just want to help people prevent the worst from happening.
That is exactly what I outlined in my project proposal. I even added a little pain and heartache, hoping Miss Cherry could feel what I am planning to write about like a second heartbeat.
I just left out my own gory, gruesome details. Those could wait for embellishment in presentation. If I can even tell them.
I handed my completed proposal to Miss Cherry—it only took three hours to write once I ironed out all the basics—and she read the entire thing while I was standing right in front of her, watching her eyes scan the pages in a hurry to devour the next word. Her face went through a multitude of expressions—pain, worry, wonder, intrigue—as she read it.
“This is good, Joey,” she tells me as she flips through the pages, scanning to see if she has missed anything important. I wish I could have put a little more information in there. Most of the stuff is scary but very accurate.
One in four women has experienced domestic violence in her lifetime. That is 25-percent. Scary fact. On average, intimate partners in this country murder more than three women and one man every day. That is a scarier fact. Even more terrifying when you know you’ve witnessed it and just can’t remember it.
“Thank you,” I say when she reaches the end, folding over the binder. “Do you approve it?” I ask with hope and a beaming smile.
“Are you sure you’re comfortable sharing this much about yourself?” Miss Cherry asks with her eyebrow arched. I did write that I planned to incorporate what little I know about my past into my presentation. 
I shrug—unsure. “People have been talking about me since I moved here,” I respond, telling the honest to God truth. I have been the topic of many conversations throughout my years as a Washington State resident. “At least this time, they’ll know what they’re talking about.” It would be better if they hear it all from me—the main source—rather than some random person who doesn’t know the full truth.
“I approve it,” Miss Cherry tells me as she signs the bottom on the line that asks for the advisor’s approval. “It’s going to be tricky, though.”
Tell me something I don’t know.
“I know,” I respond.
“I wish you the best of luck on your journey, Joey,” she tells me as I stand at the door, my hand waiting on the knob.
“Thank you, Miss Cherry.” I smile, calling, “See you later,” over my shoulder as I enter the hallway and close the door behind me.
The air is cool in the hallway, caressing my heated cheeks, and cooling them down, diminishing the involuntary blush that climbed up my neck and blossomed on my cheeks.
“Did she approve it?” Harley asks as I turn toward my locker, snapping my head back when I hear her voice. Has she been waiting there the entire time? I smile as she walks up to me, the light glinting off the hoop in her lip.
“Yep, she did.” I squeal like an excited puppy staring at their favorite chew toy. One-step closer to graduating, I chant in my head. Then this place can kiss my ass as I walk out the door and venture on to bigger and better things. “This is going to be a fun project,” I say with faux-glee. Hello, sarcasm.
Harley shoots me a look. “You mean that?” she asks as I twirl the lock on my locker, tugging it open with a loud clang, switching out my books for the rest of my day.
“Hell no,” I sputter. “Sorry I didn’t add Bazinga! but this is going to one painful thing to deal with.” I can only imagine the things I can actually discover. There are going to be many, many skeletons in this closet. I just need to be sure I am ready to deal with them. All of them.
I close the locker and we start our way to the cafeteria, though I swear I thought she had a makeup Spanish test to take this period. That reminds me, I still have ASL homework to finish.
“If you need any help, I’m here for you, Joey,” Harley tells me, her hand landing on my arm as we walk, a small smile splitting her lips.
I return the smile before I decide to start a different research project. I rarely have chances to do this. “You mean when you’re not too busy playing tonsil hockey with Avery O’Reilly?” I fish, happy my friend’s found someone.
“Shut up!” Harley yelps, turning beet-red with embarrassment, laughing as she covers her flushing cheeks with her hands. “We’re not playing tonsil hockey,” she defends. “Who the hell even says tonsil hockey anymore?”
People who want information, that’s who.
“And how well does he kiss?” I ask like a pompous asshole waiting to see her turn bright cherry red. “Are there fireworks?”
“Fucking spectacular,” Harley announces with a wistful sigh. I jump up and down, completely not my norm, but this excites me. It’s so rare to see her like this. To see her full of hope for something new. “I saw stars, Joey. He does this wonderful thing with his tongue—”
I wave my arms in the air frantically, anything to distract her and cut her off as she speaks.
“I do not need those details, Harley,” I tell her.
As happy as I am for her, that—whatever she is about to say—I don’t need to know.
“You asked.” She smiles brightly. Harley looks over to a classroom; and I am right, she does have a test to make up. “I’ll see you later, okay?”
“Yeah, later,” I call as she leaves, waving her off and starting my way toward the lunchroom when something, some little sound I would have normally missed in passing, catches my attention.
It sounded like a whimper, like there was an upset, scared little puppy loose in the halls wandering around in search of its owner. It came from the bathroom, I know that much. So I followed the sound, seeking it out.
“You are so fucking stupid sometimes, you know that?” I hear someone—that sounds an awful lot like Ryder—says to someone else in the girl’s bathroom. Who the hell is he angry with? And why is he in the girls’ bathroom?
“I didn’t mean to say anything, Ryder,” I hear Alexia’s melodic voice, almost pleadingly, explain in a cry. “I’m sorry. I really am.”
“Sorry?” he says scarily quiet. I can almost picture his expression perfectly. His blue eyes dark and narrowed into thin slits, his breathing deep and steady, the red creeping up his neck. “You’re sorry? Sorry doesn’t fix it, Lexi,” Ryder continues, yelling. I take a few steps into the bathroom, making sure to stay in the entryway where they can’t easily see me. I catch their reflection in the bathroom mirror but they don’t notice me as Ryder, in Alexia’s face, continues to yell, “God, why do I even allow you to speak?”
Alexia takes a step back, looking affronted. “Excuse me?” she asks, crossing her arms across her chest, the same thing she does when someone crosses her. This is the Alexia who challenges me. The girl who demands attention and knows how to carry herself. I am waiting for that manicured hand of hers to launch out, slapping the look from his face.
But that’s not what I see.
Ryder looks to her, noticing her defensive stance, and lunges toward her, grabbing her arms and wrenching them away from her body, holding them up in front of her body with so much force, I can feel her pain. “You heard me,” he growls. Alexia’s resolve breaks, her shoulders slump, and I watch all the fight leave her body. She cowers and I fight the urge to walk further into the bathroom and make my presence known. I may not like Alexia, but she should not be treated like this. No one should be treated like this.
“Ryder, you’re hurting me,” Alexia coughs out as Ryder noticeably tightens his grasp, twisting her arm. I can’t decide if I should interrupt and do something or if I should just leave. Alexia releases another whimper and I make up my mind—choosing between being a good person or being someone that leaves Alexia to fend for herself (May I mention that I’m too nice for my own good?)—and walk farther into the bathroom, making it known that I’ve been listening to the entire exchange between the couple. I connect eyes with Alexia over Ryder’s shoulder but she quickly looks away out of embarrassment.
She can’t pretend to be anywhere but the present.
“You did something stupid. So fucking stupid,” Ryder growls as he punctuates every word with a vicious tug of her arms. “And now you want me to be nice about it?” He barks out a laugh, high and commanding.
“Ryder,” I say loudly. What am I doing? I don’t actually have a plan. I mean, I could kick him again, but that gets old and he’ isn’t lying on the ground. So, I don’t exactly have a clear shot. Right now, Ryder is standing, he is taller than I am, bigger than I am, and a little scarier than I remember.
He doesn’t hear me. He is too focused on his girlfriend, too angry to hear anything other than his voice as he yells at her.
“That isn’t what I meant, Ryder—”
She is pleading, begging something of him, but he cuts her off immediately.
“Just shut up! Shut the hell up!” He yells at her, throwing her arms away from him as if they burned him, as if the feeling of her skin on his repulsed him. He turns dragging his hands through his blonde hair, spotting me standing behind him for the first time, and storms past, checking me in the shoulder, and growling, “Out of my way.”
He leaves me alone with a trembling Alexia. Me, of all people, should not be around Alexia Cavanaugh in confined spaces. But I feel some sort of connection with her right now. Something I can’t explain because we’ve hated each other for as long as I can remember. But this time, we have … something in common, something dark and disturbing, connected to us by the same person.
What I’m about to do I really shouldn’t do, I should just leave this alone, pretend I didn’t see anything, and move on with my day, totally ignoring what just happened. Yeah, that is what a tiny part of me wants to do. The downside with that: it would make me feel completely horrible and I doubt I would be able to look at myself in the mirror ever again.
So, I turn to her, facing her as she shakes by the sink. She is in shock, maybe surprised with Ryder.
“Alexia?” I ask, taking a tentative step toward her. I don’t really know what to say to her. I’ve never been in this situation before.
“What do you want?” she snaps at me, trying to rebuild her strength and resurrect her walls. Pretending that I didn’t see what just happened—that would be so easy to do—but she looks like she needs someone. God forbid that should be me right now. But I am here. “This is just great, freaking great, that you had to see that?” She shakes her head, her blonde ponytail swinging from side to side as a tear slides down her cheek.
I’m too nice.
“I heard it,” I tell her, taking a few more steps closer to her. She doesn’t openly object, just lets me move toward her as she glares at me. “What he said. I heard it all.”
I am curious, but it might be a bad time to ask why they were fighting. I doubt she would tell me anyway.
“So you heard him call me stupid, big freaking deal,” she snaps at me—still not swearing like a normal angry teenager, which I want to giggle at—while streaks of black mascara run down her cheeks in thick streams. She makes no move to wipe away the evidence of her tears.
I am way too nice.
“It is a big deal, Alexia,” I snap at her, hoping she understands that wasn’t normal. No boyfriend should ever speak to his girlfriend in that way. It’s wrong and I don’t understand how Alexia Cavanaugh, of all people, would ever allow someone to speak to her in such a manner. I would expect her to whip out her claws and rip Ryder a new one. But that isn’t what happened.
“No, it’s not,” she lashes out at me. She turns away from me, fruitlessly trying to remove the evidence of her tears from her cheeks now that she has seen her reflection. Anything to be perfect. “Just leave it alone.”
I’m trying to help her and she turns me away. Typical. Whatever. At least I can say I tried.
“As you wish,” I mutter, dropping my hands against my side with a slap, turning to leave. I know Zephyr must be wondering where I am if she wants to be alone, she can gladly be alone.
“Wait, Joey,” Alexia calls from behind me, her voice back to its normal icy lilt. I expect her to threaten me, tell me what I saw was a onetime thing, a secret I need to take to the grave. She doesn’t have to worry about that, I won’t tell a soul. That I can promise. Cross my heart and hope to die…
“Yeah?” I answer, turning to face her.
That isn’t what I get.
Alexia looks defeated and exhausted. She looks so tired; she could collapse at any moment. I want to hug her, comfort her, tell her everything is going to be okay even though we don’t have that kind of relationship.
“I just…” She turns and leans against the wall, releasing a sigh. Her eyes tell me she lost the raging war and she doesn’t know what to do. I don’t think I can help her.
I don’t know how to help her.
“Find your friends, Alexia,” I tell her, sincerely, offering the only advice in my arsenal. Judging from her fallen expression, that’s not what she wanted nor expected to hear from me. “Enjoy the rest of lunch, it is all you can do, right?” She slowly nods. “He’ll calm down and I promise I won’t tell anyone what I saw.” Even though I should.
I really should.
With that, with those final words, I leave the bathroom in search of my own boyfriend, one who would never, ever hurt me, confident in the knowledge that he would never, ever lay his hands on my in that manner. He is at the back table in a heated discussion with his friends and that makes me smile because he’s happy—I’m happy. That is all that matters.
Thirty-Four
Zephyr was still planning our first official date, which seemed to be taking forever. He continues to tell me he wants to do something special, extravagant, and spectacular, something I’ll always remember, from this day forward, forever and ever, amen. Okay, so I’m exaggerating and that song was stuck in my head but anything compared to my last date will always be memorable and, for lack of a better word… better. But he’s still planning, still saving money like a bank just to take me some place special because, as he says, I deserve the best.
I tell him I already have the best. And if he doesn’t know I’m talking about him, so help me…
However, I can’t wait for our date. He is really hyping it up. Whenever it is, whatever it is, I’ll be the happiest girl in the world.
There was a time when I thought I would never be happy, that I would forever wallow in my world of self-pity and sadness. That was back when Zephyr was only a friend, and my only friend. I was bullied at school, I would spend every afternoon hiding in my room, and Dr. Jett had me on medication for depression.
That is a lot to take in when you’re a little kid.
I was told I was depressed. I was told I was worthless. And I tried to pretend that my world was my room.
But now that I have friends, I have Zephyr, and my life seems to be heading skyward, I can’t help but see happiness on the horizon in a beauty of blurring colors when I look out the window. It looks like a sunrise, the moment when the sky turns to beautiful hues of pinks and oranges; it looks like wonder to me. I wonder… as in the rest of the day, the rest of that moment, anything can happen and I’m in the presence of hopeful wonder. So can be said about life, because I often wonder what will happen to me down the road.
As I lie on Zephyr’s bed while he finishes his homework, taking in the familiar scent of him surrounding me, I remember all of the moments in my life that made me happy.
The moment I kicked Ryder in the balls, to be completely honest, that was an awesome day despite the rumor spreading. Who wouldn’t be happy after that? It made me feel empowered and dangerous. The school day ended pretty shitty but that moment was wonderful. That brings me to my next moment, the night when Zephyr and I discovered our mutual feelings for each other. See, the other day was just filled with epic awesomeness.
Then there was the birthday when Hilary took me bowling followed by a trip ice skating. It was just the two of us and she tried to teach me how to skate—it’s unsuccessful when you, as the teacher, have no idea how to skate yourself—I only did well because it’s a lot like rollerblading to me. I still lost at bowling, though. It’s the memory that counts, though.
The birthday Mommy gave me a tiny piano to keep in my room. It was pink and purple with flowers and stars painted on the top.
Wait… what?
Where did that come from?
The card Ivy made for me when I turned six. She used her awesome markers, because she had so many colors and some were even scented. She even drew a butterfly on the cover. It was so pretty; I tacked it onto my wall by my pillow so I’d see it every day.
That one time Noah let me play with his red toy truck. It was his favorite and he wouldn’t let anyone touch it but me.
The day Mommy taught me to play chopsticks on the big piano in the living room because, she said, it was an easy song. I would spend hours playing it on my piano in my room.
Where is all of this coming from? Is my mind finally working correctly? Are doors unlocking? Will I finally have answers?
I’m here to help you…
Sitting up, I look around the room, searching for the source of the voice. It was a girl, light and lilting, melodic, almost too young to be someone I know. I only see Zephyr with his nose stuck between the pages of his reading assignment for English.
Other than him, we’re alone. We’re alone and I’m starting to hear voices. Oh, goody, goody. Great, simply fan-freaking-tastic. That’s another check for the crazy column.
His book slams shut and he stands up from his chair by the window before my thoughts stop rolling. We look at each other, his happiness drowns out my worry and a smile blooms across my lips, matching his.
“I’m finished!” He exclaims joyfully. His parents are having their self-imposed date night, and Jamie is out with Marcus. That just leaves us—Zephyr and I—lounging in his room … in his empty house … with no one to walk in and disrupt whatever it is we decide we want to do. Yeah, what teenager won’t take advantage of that? “Who the hell actually enjoys doing homework on a Friday night?” he asks as he shrugs off his hoodie, tossing it over the back of his desk chair.
I could answer that honestly but I don’t want the weird look. And he knows me well enough to know my honest answer. “Look at it this way,” I say instead. “Now you’re entire weekend has opened up.” I sit up on his bed and tuck my hair behind my ears. “There’s no need to scramble to finish everything on Sunday night.” The perks of being studious.
Zephyr stares at me for a moment, before he slowly shakes his head with confusion. It’s a momentary thought because soon he is walking toward me, slowly dropping his hands onto the edge of his bed. “Since my entire weekend is open, there is something I’d like to start right here.” His chocolate eyes burn into mine as he stalks closer to me, his hands caging me to his bed as he moves closer, inching, inching, inching, until his scent envelops me, overwhelms me and I am ready to succumb.
“What’s that?” I ask distractedly, mesmerized by his luscious lips when his tongue darts out, wetting his bottom lip before they split in a lascivious grin. My eyes glance up, staring into eyes looking back at me with so much intensity I forget to breathe. I can sense a need I have never felt before burning through my body, one that starts in my core and blossoms through the rest of my body, driving through my veins, leaving me, for lack of a better word, hot. No, molten.
He can feel it too. I can see it in his eyes, an intense, carnal need to be with me.
Zephyr doesn’t answer, only smirks mischievously before he presses his lips against mine tenderly, almost apprehensively, as if he’s scared I’ll just bolt from the room the moment our lips touch. But that is the last thing I want to do. My hands snake up, grabbing his neck, and pulling him closer to me, as close as I can, silently telling him it’s okay. Everything is okay. His hands grip my sides, fisting the thin fabric of my shirt before his other hand moves up, cradling my cheek.
His hand grazes bare skin, first tentatively, then his palm flattens against my side, gripping me like he’ll lose me. He holds on to every part of me, pulling me, tugging me, wanting me closer, closer than ever before.
Alarms sound off in my head as his hand snakes higher and higher, leaving a trail of electricity with every touch, reaching uncharted territory I would prefer remained uncharted.
“Stop,” I say against his lips. It’s too quiet for him to hear. He kisses me hard, his hand snaking higher. “Stop,” I yell, pushing him away from me as hard as I can with as much force as my shaking body can muster. It shocks him. Scrambling from the bed, I drop to the floor, tugging down my shirt to keep my broken body hidden. There is nothing uglier than my body. I should know—I’ve seen it. I’ve seen every nook, cranny, and terrifying blemish. Every jagged scar, I’ve committed them to memory. What will he say when he sees me, when he finally sees me? All of me? He’d run, because it would all be true, every rumor would be confirmed, and I wouldn’t blame him for running.
He can’t see what lies beneath my shirt; he can’t see the marks on my skin. It would disgust him, it disgusts me and I have to see it every day. I have to live with it.
I should have known this would be too much for him to handle, my body and my scars, I should have spared him the issue and just told him I never felt the same way about it. I should have pushed him away instead of kissing him that night. He can’t handle it. He can’t handle my past. No one can.
Not even me.
“What? I’m sorry,” he instantly says, jumping from the bed and quickly making his way over to me. I scramble away, crawling back until I hit the wall. “What did I do? Was I pressuring you? I wasn’t aware, Joey, I swear,” he rambles out, running his hands through his hair before he drops to the floor in front of me, his knees in my direct line of sight. His hands fall to the floor, trembling as he nears me.
“No, it wasn’t that,” I tell him, keeping my hand on my stomach, keeping my shirt down and everything hidden. “I just…” I trail off, not entirely sure what to say or even what to tell him. How can I explain this?
“Just what, Jo? Talk to me.” he asks, his hands resting on my knees. “You scared the shit out of me.”
I know, Zephyr, believe me, I know.
Why do I continue to scare him over and over?
“I can’t tell you,” I whisper lightly. I hug my knees to my chest, feeling the need to rebuild those brick walls I knocked down for him but I don’t want to be strong about this, I just want to let him in. I can let him in. I can’t be this hopeless. But the biggest part of me knows I am hopeless.
“Why can’t you tell me?” he asks as his hands grip my ankles, tugging my legs over his lap.
I so much want to tell him, ‘Because I’m a pathetic basket case.’ The words won’t leave my mouth. The truth remains within me.
But it’s Zephyr. I can tell him anything. I look up to him, staring into a gaze so pure, so warm, I just want to unleash everything.
I reach up and thread my fingers through his hair, feeling the silky locks glide along my fingers. He leans into my touch. My fingers find the scar on the back of his head, the one he got by accident when he was playing baseball as a kid. One of the other kids wasn’t paying attention when he was swinging the bat and hit Zephyr in the back of the head so hard, it resulted in twelve stitches and his mother pulling him from baseball and preventing him from starting again. I’m surprised she lets him play tackle football.
“Do you remember when you got this?” I ask so lightly, I barely recognize my own voice. My finger rubs against the long, jagged line of smooth, raised skin hidden within his hair.
“Yeah, I do.” He laughs softly as his hand reaches up, his fingers circling around my wrist while his thumb rubs circles along the inside of my wrist. “It sucked, I liked baseball a lot.”
I figured he would say something like that. He was always playing different sports as a kid.
I am debating within myself to open up. I can tell him, I can trust him. It’s Zephyr. He wouldn’t judge me, right? What am I saying? Of course, he wouldn’t judge. He’d never do anything like that, not to me.
I pull away, holding his hand in mine and massaging it, still thinking how I want to show him. I could just take off my shirt, but the visual is a little much. I could just tell him, but he’d still want to see them. He’d want to know.
I know what I can do.
Taking his hand, I lift up my shirt and place his hand over a scar, lining up his fingers with the jagged line along my skin. It’s the ugliest one on my body, one he can feel without having to try. From his eyes, I can tell he doesn’t understand. But after a moment, his hand moves and his expression changes, scared, as he tries to figure out what his fingers are tracing.
“I have a few scars of my own,” I tell him. He raises the fabric of my t-shirt, looking at the white jagged lines crossing along my stomach. There are four on my lower stomach he can easily see.
“Oh, Joey,” he whispers as his hands navigate the bare flesh, seeking each and every last blemish. I make it easier for him by tugging my shirt over my head and turning around to show him my back. His fingertips trail down my back lightly, like connecting a macabre Connect-the-Dots drawing. “So it was true?” he asks quietly, but not to me. To himself. “Everything those idiots started spreading around school, all if it is true.” He sounds certain of himself.
Where is he going with this?
What does he mean?
Arms wrap around me from behind, tugging me to his chest, his heat warming my back. “I am so, so sorry any of this happened to you,” he whispers into my ear, a shudder in his voice.
“Zephyr, it’s okay,” I tell him, my hand reaching up to cup his cheek, feeling scruff brush against my fingertips. I open my mouth to tell him it’s a part of the past I can’t change when he abruptly cuts me off.
“No, it’s not, Joey.” His voice hardens. “Something like this will never be okay.” His arms tighten around me, pulling me closer. He fears he’ll lose me if he releases. “If I could take all of your pain, if not away, I would. I would wear these scars for you if only you still had your family.”
His words bring tears to my eyes.
“We can’t change the past, Zephyr.” As much as I would love to change that night or anything before it, the outcome is still the same. I am here. They are gone.
“I know that.” His grip loosens slightly before his hands slide down my arms.
“This is just what you get with me.” My throat tightens and I try to hold back the tears that want to erupt.
“When are you going to understand how truly beautiful and perfect you are to me?” he asks, feathering a kiss against my bare shoulder. I may want to put my shirt back on but his kiss completely changes my mind.
“Perfectly ruined,” I mutter, appreciating and loving him for trying, but scoffing all the same.
“Perfectly flawed,” he responds proudly. “But we’re all flawed. We all have that little piece of us we keep hidden from the world. We all have different sides of us. And it’s about how we merge them together that makes us human. It’s about what separates us from the others and what we have as our own. Those scars are yours but they're not you. They only make you human. And that's why I love you.” He presses his lips against my neck and I melt.
I lean back, looking up to him as his hair tickles my cheek. I love him. I really, truly love him. I know I’ve told him before, I’ve expressed my feelings, but now there is a warmth blooming in my heart, it’s coursing through my veins, and it makes me realize I never want to be separated from Zephyr. I can see this being forever.
Thirty-Five
I sit in my favorite recliner in the back of the library, reading through my next AP English assignment, Dostoyevsky’s Crime and Punishment. I’m halfway through the first out of six parts—when I should be doing other homework—when Zephyr walks up, dropping dramatically into the neighboring recliner. I haven’t lifted my eyes from the book, reading the same sentence twice, when he slides a sheet of paper into my line of sight.
It’s light green with large, hand-drawn block letters on it.
“What’s this?” I ask, holding out the green sheet of paper, not bothering to read it, even though that would be the easiest solution.
“Just read it,” Zephyr offers with a grin. A grin that kind of scares me. He has a look on his face that screams mischief but also this is for your own good and now I’m really worried.
My eyes scan the sheet, taking in the words Idol and singing competition hoping that what I think he’s implying is wrong. Very, very wrong. “Our school is holding an Idol competition?” I ask with skepticism. This can’t, no, will not turn out well.
“Continue,” he directs, rolling his finger in the air, begging me to read on.
“It’s for the entire school district,” I say aloud. That’s all that the paper says, other than a few names of people I don’t know. “So what?”
“So what?” Zephyr repeats. “You should sign up to do it.”
I snort loudly, catching the attention of someone sitting at the closest table attempting to finish their homework. “Not going to happen,” I tell him, flinging the paper back to him. I’d rather deal with Raskolnikov’s stupidity—seriously, the man has an axe and he doesn’t chop the lady?—than sing in front of a crowd, let alone auditioning in front of people that probably don’t like me to begin with.
“Come on, Joey,” Zephyr coos. “You’re really good. No, you’re great,” he tries to convince me.
“Thanks, honey,” I say, speaking to the book in my hand. “But never, in a million years, will I agree to do it, just move on.” I turn the page.
Zephyr drops to the floor, in the middle of the library, right in front of everyone and it didn’t seem to bother him as much as it was bothering me, crawling over to me on his knees with his hands clasped together. “Please,” he begs, jutting out his bottom lip in an accentuated pout. “Pretty please.” Now everyone’s starting.
“No,” I tell him, trying to ignore him, but I can’t read a full sentence without getting distracted and starting over.
He snatches the book from my hands, flinging himself backward to keep it away from me. My mouth drops open as I realize I’m dating a child.
“Zephyr, give me my book,” I command, standing up from the chair to take it back from him. He continuously snaps his hand back before raising his hands above his head. Damn his height.
I really don’t want to wrestle for a book in the middle of the library. Not today, I’m not in the mood for it. And his happy-peppy smile isn’t helping things.
“Only if you agree to do this,” he offers, tossing the paper back at me. It floats to the floor between us.
“And if I don’t?” I ask, crossing my arms over my chest defensively, seriously giving him the stink eye.
“Then you fail whatever assignment this is,” he tells me, taking a moment to look at the cover of the book. “Crime and Punishment, huh?” Like he has any interest in Dostoyevsky.
“Dude, I can just go to Barnes and Noble after school to buy another book, jack ass,” I snap at him, still trying to take my book back. Zephyr’s too fast for me, whipping his hand back, nearly launching the book across the room. I doubt anyone wants to be smacked in the back of the head Crime and Punishment. Though, if my boyfriend continues with this stupidity, he will be the one getting smacked in the head with it.
“And I’ll just keep taking every copy you buy until you agree to do this.” He points to the paper at my feet.
I roll my eyes, cross my arms over my chest, and pop out a hip. “The deadline passes in a week, Zephyr.”
“It does?” He looks to the paper. “Hmmm, I didn’t notice that,” he mumbles, still holding the book out of reach. There goes my chance at distraction. “Still, it’d be awesome, Joey, can’t you picture it?” I shake my head. “Come on, picture your name in lights, a crowd of millions cheering your name…”
“Dude, it’s a high school singing competition,” I remind him. “I won’t be singing at Comcast Arena or the Tacoma Dome, I’ll leave that to Taylor Swift.”
“You don’t dream, do you?” he asks, deadpan.
Not really! “You know what, fine, whatever,” I blurt out. “Just give me my book,” I demand, holding out my hand.
His hand drops as he looks at me in disbelief. In his brief moment of weakness I snatch my book back and launch back onto the chair, resuming my reading.
“Seriously, you’ll do it?” he asks, confused. I can see well, that was easy float through his mind, like it’s reading through his forehead.
“Sure,” I concede while searching for my bookmark, I lost it somewhere in the chair. I flip my hair over my shoulder as my hands slide between the cushion—a very disgusting and disturbing thing to do, I don’t know what’s happened in these chairs—and slide out the Everett Silvertips ticket I use to mark my place.
“That’s good to hear,” he tells me as he takes his seat in the other chair. “I already signed you up for it at lunch.” He smiles at me and my mouth drops open. I want to punch him, hard, in the face. Am I supposed to thank him for going behind my back? Should I thank him for his cockiness?
“Are you kidding me, Zephyr?” I ask, loud enough to garner a few shushes from nearby people, and a glare from a teacher in the back of the library by the computer bank.
“Like I said, you’re a great singer.” His smile widens as he leans between the two chairs, close enough to kiss me, or for me to sucker punch him. Let me tell you, it’s really tempting to just bitch slap the smirk off his face right now. “I did what I thought was right, Jo.” Really, tempting.
I look to the book in my hand; I could smack him in the face with it, but it wouldn’t really be worth it. If I were reading Anna Karenina or War and Peace then his face wouldn’t be safe. That seems like an appropriate idea for the moment. Or I could just shove him until he falls between the chairs. He would fall on his nose and I could just tell him I did what I thought was right, Zeph.
But I do nothing of the sort.
Damn, I love him too much for violent sass.
Instead, I turn to him and smile. That’s it, just a polite smile, not even a sarcastic bitchy one. I still need to think of something to do to him to make him understand this was a bad idea. But I have time. Standing up from the chair, I make my way out of the library, toward the nearest sign for the Idol auditions. Tomorrow after school. Great, another thing for me to freak out about.
By the time of the audition, I’m sweating through my clothes. I swear I’ll punch Zephyr the next time I see him. I am eighth on the list before I have to sing in front of that really old camera the school rents out to students. Really, I could just leave, tell them to fuck off, but I’m a little curious to see if I’d make it.
And I kind of want to make it.
Person after person, girl after boy after girl are called into the room. Some come out happy and in good spirits, the others look like they’ve been shot.
This is only a school competition, people, nothing to get your knickers in a twist about.
Finally, someone with platinum blonde hair calls my name, and sneers as I stand. I can tell that she’s not my biggest fan by the way her nose—an obvious plastic one—turns up when I approach her. I can make that nose look a little better, honey, if you do that one more time. Could I get disqualified by flicking her nose into the right direction? It’d be an improvement, really.
Weirdly, I expected Zephyr to be here whispering good things in my ear like you can do it and I believe in you, but he had a practice he couldn’t miss. So Harley is waiting at the end of the hall for me, staying away so I can focus and prepare myself. I only sent her away because she was more nervous than me—unbelievable, but it’s true—and her jitters made mine worse.
I walk into the cold room, the choir/orchestra room, and suddenly wish they’d have left the window in the back of the room closed. All the chairs have been cleared from the room, probably locked in the instrument storage closet. In the center of the room is a thin table; one that you’d normally find pressed against a wall holding important paperwork in the front office; behind the table are three people, seated with their hands neatly folded in front of them. Two very pretty girls and one boy; from what I know, everyone seated at the table are seniors in the top choirs that require auditions to join. The girl that called my name takes a seat on a stool behind the ancient video camera sitting on a tripod next to the table.
“State your name and the song you’ll be delighting us with,” she mumbles flatly, bored. I glare at her, hoping she can feel the metaphorical daggers I’m shooting at her. I didn’t ask you to do this, lady, I want to tell her but I feel that that’d be a bit too much right now.
My polite upbringing kicking in, I plaster a wide smile on my face and say, “My name is Joey Archembault and I’ll be singing Ain’t No Other Man by Christina Aguilera.” It was the first song that popped into my mind this morning when I thought about it. On the way to school, I shoved my ear buds into my ears, ignored Jamie and Zephyr as they tried to engage me in conversation, and listened to the song repeatedly to make sure that I actually know and could remember the lyrics.
The bottle blonde behind the camera snorts in derision and rolls her eyes as she aims the camera at me. I’m surprised she doesn’t aim it toward the ceiling in spite for whatever I did to ruin her pretty little world today. I know from that sound, she doesn’t think I can do it.
This is going to be fun wiping that scowl from her face.
The door creaks open behind me, the sound to0 loud in the quiet room to go unnoticed. I turn and spot Harley trying to sneak into the room, sending me an apologetic look. The judges don’t seem to mind. I don’t either.
I tuck my hair behind my ear, pop my wrist, then untuck my hair and let it fall over my shoulder—I’m a weird nervous person.
Here goes nothing.
After what seems like an hour of preparation, I take a deep breath and start from the beginning of the song, letting the words, the music, flow from my mouth in a swirl that, I swear, I can see. If I could play this on the piano, I would do so much better with my hands guiding the music. It doesn’t matter anyway; they cleared the piano from the room to prevent people from using it. In my mind, even though I’m royally pissed at him for signing me up for this without my permission, I picture Zephyr, dedicating the song to him when he can’t even hear me. He’s the one I want to be singing to.
I hit the high note, perfectly I might add, before one of the judges wave an over accessorized arm through the air, signaling me to stop.
“Thank you,” the lone boy says, a small smile tugging on the corners of his mouth as he winks, congratulating me without showing any favoritism. I think I like him for that little gesture alone.
“We’ll post the list, like, later tonight on the school website,” the girl in the middle with long auburn hair tells me, her smile large and fake on her face but she still looks impressed.
I fake a smile and walk out quickly, hearing Harley’s steps as she follows me, taking one brief glance back to the bottled blonde taping the auditions. Her gray eyes are wide with shock and envy, even a little confusion, as if I couldn’t sound like that. I smile at that, happy with myself. And I did wipe that look from her face, yay.
“Um, we have a problem,” Harley tells me as we grab our things leaning against the wall in the hallway to leave. Another girl is called into the room as we walk past, paying her no mind as she gulps and slowly walks into what she probably believes to be the lion’s den.
“What’s that?” I ask, absently checking the time on my phone before I click off the screen of my HTC and slide the phone back into the front pocket of my jeans. That only took ten minutes, not bad.
Harley scoffs loudly. “That you could sing, Joey,” she nearly yells in the empty halls. It would’ve echoed.
“I never thought it mattered,” I tell her with a shrug she doesn’t see, following her to her car in the student parking lot. With Zephyr at practice, she’s my ride home for the afternoon.
“It matters, you idiot,” she snaps angrily. Does she think I was keeping this as a secret? It just never came up, dude. Why is she throwing a hissy fit? “That was incredible, you were better than Christina Aguilera herself,” she tells me.
“Now that’s overreacting, Harley.” I roll my eyes. “I’m just decent.” She clicks her car unlocked from five feet away using the remote on her keychain.
“Not an overreaction, just stating a fact.”
Whatever.
Thirty-Six
She drives me home and I decide this is the perfect time to start applying to some colleges. Or tonight, I should clarify. The University of Washington and Washington State University applications don’t take too long, and I’m quick to pay the application fee with my debit card. I bookmark a few schools in Colorado, Montana, Oregon, and Idaho. While lazily perusing through the University of Oregon website—Go Ducks!—I decide that is the school I really want to go to, so I start the application. I’m halfway through when my aunt walks in.
“What are you doing?” Hilary asks sweetly, plopping down next to me on my bed, leaning over to check the screen on my laptop. She is trying to be parental, making sure I’m not surfing porn or reading large amounts of Twilight fan fiction—because I am so addicted these days, it’s getting too hard to stop reading about Bella and Edward.
“Looking into my future,” I tell her when she sees the Oregon application. I type something into the search bar, looking more into their Pre-Law program.
“University of Oregon, huh?” she asks, making conversation when the silence overwhelms her. “You want to be a Duck?”
“Quack, quack,” I answer, wanting to add Mr. Ducksworth, but that may be too much. “And I look spectacular in green, even hotter in yellow.” Adding a laugh because she knows I despise the color yellow.
“So…” she starts, her hand playing with my curls. Hilary pulls one straight and watches it spring back to form. She used to do it when I moved in with her. It was the only way she could make me smile but I grew out of it too soon. It isn’t as funny as it was before but it’s still nice for her to do.
But … I know that voice.
“What do you want?” I ask with my attention still on my computer screen, clicking the links on the page.
“What makes you think I want something?” my aunt asks, attempting innocence, but failing like I did last week. We both really need to take a few acting classes, we can’t lie or scheme worth a damn.
“Seriously, Aunt Hil,” I start with a huff. “It’s last week all over again,” I remind her, glancing to her briefly. “Only, we’ve switched roles. Now you want something from me, what is it?”
She pauses a moment, her green eyes glowing greener as she stares at me, pondering what she should say. Eventually, she blurts out, “Fine,” and giggles playfully. That’s new. “Patrick is coming to dinner,” she says quickly, looking at my eyes to gauge my reaction.
It’s nonexistent.
“When?” I ask. I don’t care, she can invite Barack Obama and the Pope to dinner and I wouldn’t mind. “Wait—who is Patrick?” I ask, realizing something new. I don’t remember her mentioning a Patrick to me before.
“He is the doctor I told you about,” she starts, her cheeks flushing red in a blush that matches her bright hair. “The one—”
I cut her off quickly with an excited, “Is he McDreamy or McSteamy?” I set down my laptop and transition my body to sit on my knees, moving closer to her to learn the answer. I’m sure my eyes make me look crazy. I don’t care, I’m Grey’s obsessed.
“Joey, come on—”
“McDreamy or McSteamy?” I demand in a loud, shrill voice. For some reason, this excites me. And my aunt needs to choose because I will call him this name until the end of time.
“I don’t know, Joey, I—”
I still cut her off. “If you won’t answer the question based on observation,” I ramble out. “Based on his name, I’ll have to guess McDreamy.” I tell her with a sly smirk on my face. “When is this even supposed to happen?” I ask.
The doorbell rings, or creepily sings, through the house.
I had no idea our doorbell still worked. We’ve had that thing replaced thirteen times since we’ve moved in here. It’s a real pain in the ass.
“Now,” she answers. From her body language, I can see she is scared, nervous, anxious, and excited at the same time. Hilary reminds me of a Mexican jumping bean with the way she’s shaking.
That was eerily perfect timing, I don’t think anyone could have scripted that better.
“I’m going to let him in. You just come down whenever you’re ready.” She backs away from the bed, heading backward toward my door, nearly tripping over a lone shoe I have neglected to shove in my closet every time I passed it this week. My aunt recovers, still smiling gleefully. “I can’t wait for you to meet him.” She claps her hands together and bounces out of my room—literally freaking bounces like a rubber ball—and makes her way briskly down the stairs.
This should be very interesting.
Instead of delaying the inevitable and camping out in my room until I am absolutely positive the dinner has grown cold—a very angst ridden teenager thing to do—I walk down the stairs and watch my aunt throw open the front door with gusto, holding it open for a very tall, very large man. And I don’t mean large is in fat, I mean large as in why is this man not playing professional football or throwing people of similar size around in a square ring? He has to bend his head forward just to enter through the front door. I feel we should have prepared more and built this man his own personal entrance, one suited to his enormous size.
Holy balls, man!
As he stands in the living room, I take in the sight of him—having to lean back to get the best look, but it’s a nice view. He is very clean cut, his blonde hair very trim and coiffed, I can see he is trying to make a good impression. He is in a nice pair of dark jeans and a button-up shirt, very casual while still trying to look nice. He is even wearing a dark blazer. The most stunning thing about him, other than his smile, which takes my breath away, by the way, is his eyes. They are the most beautiful shade of blue I have ever seen aside from the sky on a sunny summer’s day.
My aunt has very great taste in men, just saying.
Speaking of, seeing him stand next to my aunt is a hilarious thing because she goes up to the middle of his forearm when she stands up straight. I might go to his elbow. I think Zephyr would go to his shoulder, maybe, and that is pushing it for his six-foot-two frame.
“Patrick, great to see you,” Hilary nervously gushes. Why do I have the strongest feeling I am about to chaperone a middle school type date. Yay me, I get to play adult.
“Thank you for the invitation, Hilary,” Patrick replies in a deep voice. His cheeks also turn a nice shade of red.
Yep, I am about to see the corner of Cute and Adorable with these two.
Oh, sweet baby Jesus, this is going to be entertaining. I should embarrass them and take a picture like parents do.
Where’s our camera?
Hilary collects herself, trying to calm the blush still blazing on her normally pale cheeks. “Let me introduce you to my niece,” she begins, pointing to me—the spectator gawking at the Hulk-sized man standing in the living room—standing by the stairs. “Joey, this is Patrick Walsh, a neurosurgeon at the hospital.” Definitely McDreamy. “Patrick, this is my niece, Joey, a junior in high school.”
“Pleasure to meet you,” he says, his voice vibrating my bones as he speaks. He holds out his hand, his very massive, meaty hand, for me to take. His hand swallows mine instantly. If it wasn’t attached, I would think I would never see it again.
“Likewise,” I mutter, feeling his grip tighten uncomfortably as my hand slips into an awkward, bone-crushing angle. He notices my wince and loosens his grasp, making the gesture more comfortable.
Turns out, Hilary has been cooking all afternoon, preparing for this important meal. Honestly, I had no idea. I was so set on being angry at Zephyr and turning in some applications that I didn’t even notice the delicious aroma wafting from the kitchen. If I wasn’t so wrapped up in my own world, I would have noticed she made lasagna and garlic bread. I think she even made dessert.
“This is delicious, Aunt Hil,” I praise, sliding the fork from my lips after my last bite.
“Thank you, honey.” She beams and blushes. I should compliment her in front of this man more often. I love the nervous look on her face. It is so adorable.
“Ant hill?” Patrick asks, his stunning sky blue eyes turn to me, briefly looking at me through long, thick lashes that make me jealous.
“Aunt Hil,” I correct, watching my aunt’s face fall into her hands as she tries to hide the embarrassment of her nickname.
“That’s interesting, I didn’t even notice that,” Patrick remarks, turning his amused grin toward the woman we’re discussing. He reaches to take a second helping of lasagna. “How long have you been calling her that, Joey?” he asks me, genuinely taking an interest in me. Damn.
“About as long as I can remember,” I answer with a shrug. “An even more awesome fact is that I have an Uncle Sam.”
Patrick’s eyes widen. He turns to my aunt and asks, “Uncle Sam?” It is hard to believe.
“My brother’s name is Samuel.”
“I also call my grandparents Graham Cracker and Popsicle.” I smile.
Hilary shrugs. “We are very unfortunate people wherever this wordsmith is concerned.” She gestures to me at my end of the table.
Ain’t that the truth. My grin grows wider.
They start laughing, as if it is the funniest thing they ever heard. I just think Patrick likes my aunt a lot, he will laugh at anything she says. That’s so cute.
“I’m finished,” I tell my aunt. “I’m just going to head on up to my room.” I grab my plate and slide my chair back, ready to leave the love birds and give them some much needed alone time. The last thing they need is a teenage chaperone.
“Okay, honey, we’ll be down here,” she tells me, her subtle way of letting me know what is going to happen tonight: Nothing. Thank, God. As much as I think my aunt should get some, that might—no, will—be a little too much for me, especially if I were to hear anything. I would like to keep my traumas down to a minimum number.
I clear off my plate, stuffing the scraps into the garbage disposal and running it quickly so as to not disturb them too much, then I slide the dish into the dishwasher, and head up the stairs to my room, wishing Patrick and Hilary a good rest of their evening, and leaving my door open. I check across the alley to the window on the neighboring home, seeing the light is still out. Zephyr still isn’t home.
I sigh and fall back onto my bed, gazing at the ceiling wishing I could see the stars. I would spot and point out—to no one—the constellations I remember from that astronomy course I took at the community college over the summer. The night air would graze my skin in a soft breeze, smelling of morning dew and sweet dreams, the air thick with melodic lullabies.
Whenever I gaze at the stars, I see hope flash before me, even if fleeting and brief, I know there is a happy ending out there for me, even if I have to suffer to achieve it. It’s all the work we do that will make that happy ending worth it. We will suffer, we will cry, we will sing in front of a terrifying group of strangers, and when we win, everything that scared us will be worth it.
That reminds me…
I sit up and throw my hair over my shoulder, grabbing my computer, I type in the school’s web address into the top bar of Google Chrome. A large picture of the school and depressing mascot pops up surrounded by blue links for me to click depending on what it is I am looking for. I see the stupid Idol link and click it, waiting for it to load so I can see if I made the stupid list.
Because it’s all so stupid.
There are names from other schools on the list—because it’s a district wide competition—and a few names I vaguely recognize from my school. Then, at the top of the list, is my name. Josephine Archembault, it’s right there for the world to see. Damn … I didn’t expect to make it.
For a brief moment, I’m giddy. I jump around the room, doing my sad excuse for a happy dance, and quietly cheer so Hilary and Patrick can’t hear me or my excitement for something so superficial as a high school competition that is going to be based on popularity in the end.
Then it hits me like a sack of potatoes…
Well, hell … now I actually have to sing in front of people.
Shit!
Thirty-Seven
“What did I tell you?” Zephyr gloats as he lazily flips through his history book, scoping out pictures. He has been bragging about my making it into the Idol competition since I stupidly told him, which I didn’t even want to do. He started tickling me and wouldn’t let up until I told him. If I were stronger, I would have been impervious to his tickling and made his ass look it up on the school’s website. But he has magic fingers, damn it.
“Shut up,” I say to my copy of our AP Euro book, reading the rest of the paragraph on France.
“I will when you tell me how wonderful and awesome I am,” Zephyr replies. Gah, someone shoot me now. I swear I am dating the most conceited, vainglorious, egotistical person in the school, if not the city. “Wait, I prefer epically awesome.” He winks at me.
Sadly, I love him.
“You’re epically something,” I mutter, flatly, dragging my highlighter through a line in a packet I have to read for history. I compare that to the text in the book and smile—it matches up. I hate misinformation. Fact check, people!
Mr. Cheney gave us our first partner project and, because I promised him, I partnered with Zephyr to help bring up his grade. Okay, and maybe because we are dating, but that was a small maybe. We have to do a report on a major part of World War II and we, or I, chose the Storming of Normandy. I don’t know that much about it and I like to learn new things. Zephyr had the good idea to make a diorama, so I am doing the actual report and he is going to do the diorama.
I am a little worried we’re going to turn in a brilliant depiction of blood and gore. There could be someone gutting a soldier with a knife, a head exploding from a bullet, I don’t know what goes on within Zephyr’s mind. But I doubt it is sunshine and rainbows.
He promised me something tasteful. I hope he knows the meaning of the word.
Needing to rest my eyes from processing the tiny typed script in the textbook, I look out the window, noting the nice day, the third we’ve had in a row. Usually, we have a good inch or ten of rain by now. Slight movement catches my attention and I watch the mail carrier pull away from the curb and the mailboxes lining the street and decide to take a five-minute break by walking out to the box to retrieve the mail like a good niece.
“I’ll be right back,” I tell him as he continues to search the textbook for pictures, and yes, he’s sticking Post-It notes to remind him of the bloody ones. Ew, dude!
“I’ll be here,” he shoots back. That’s what I was counting on, I want to blurt out, and I hadn’t expected you to disappear randomly. I walk out to the mailbox, cutting across the yard, skirting around the yellow fire hydrant, and grab the mail.
I start casually flipping through the different sized envelopes. Bill, bill, bill, fake sweepstakes, bill … long, thick envelope addressed to someone who doesn’t live here. It is pink in color, and has a forwarding address from Texas. In neat handwriting along the front is J. Lucas as the recipient. My grandparents forwarded it, I can see that, and they know Hilary and me are the only two who live here. Certainly, there is no Lucas at this residence—I think would have seen them. Unless it’s a ghost who receives mail.
“What’s that?” Zephyr asks as I drop into my seat at the table. I tossed the other mail on the coffee table where Hilary is sure to see it and keep the pink envelope with me, examining it closely.
“I don’t know,” I say quietly with my mind focused on what is in my hands. I try to hold the envelope up to the light, trying to see something, anything, through the paper, but it is too thick to make out any words.
“Who is J. Lucas?” he asks while peeking—more like breathing—over my shoulder to see the mysterious envelope.
“I don’t know,” I reply with a bite, my voice filled with annoyance as I stare at it, trying to figure out a way to learn what it says.
An idea pops into my mind thanks to an old I Love Lucy episode I saw a few years ago. I stand up, shoving the chair back, and walk toward the stove. I set the envelope on the counter, grab the teakettle from the back burner, and start filling it with water.
“Do you want tea?” Zephyr asks, puzzled, standing up to join me at the sink. He mostly wants to see what I am doing. He is as nosy as I am.
“No, I want to open that letter,” I tell him, placing the kettle on the front right burner and turning the heat on high. All we have to do is wait patiently. Patience has never been my strongest suit.
“Are you sure you should?” Zephyr takes the envelope from the counter, looking at it again. “What if it’s just a wrong address? That’s a federal crime, what you’re doing.” As if he needs to remind me of crimes. I did very well in my government class.
“Then I’ll just reseal it,” I mumble. “Besides, my grandparents sent it here. It must be for someone … here.” But there isn’t a J. Lucas so it doesn’t make much sense.
After ten minutes or so, steam starts whistling loudly from the kettle and I use tongs to hold the letter above the stream. Slowly, with a toothpick—because I feel like MacGyver’s lazy cousin—I start peeling the glued flap away from the envelope until it is fully open.
I burn my hands in the process.
“Hot … hot … hot,” I repeat as I fight the pain in my hands to hold everything. I could just wait for it to cool, but I repeat, patience is not my friend, and I am a curious girl plagued by the love for instant gratification.
“Here.” Zephyr takes everything from me and tosses it into the freezer for a few minutes. Good idea. After a minute, he yanks the door open, grabs the envelope, and tugs out the letter.
He gets a chance to read it before I do, his eyes quickly scanning the words I can’t see as he holds the paper away from me.
“What’s it say?” I pester as his eyes scan the letter for a second time, his face falling into an unattractive grimace.
“Uh, I don’t think you should read this,” Zephyr says, folding the paper and shifting to slide it back into the pink envelope.
“What does it say, Zephyr?” I ask loudly, angry he won’t hand it to me. I hold out my hand, palm up, waiting for him to comply.
He hesitates, holding the letter above my head, out of my reach—he should really stop doing that because it makes me want to knee him—then hands it to me with a shake of his head.
What the hell can be so bad about a letter?

		Letter 1127
My darling daughter,
The first time I held you in my arms was the first time I heard the angels sing. I believe that God, after everything I’ve been through in my life, gave me something special, and it was you. The world was in your eyes, the sun shone when you smiled that little toothless smile, and I was in love with the little pink bundle in my arms.
I never felt that way before; I never thought I could feel that way. I never felt that before, not with your sister, not with your brother, and certainly not with your mother.
By the grace of God, we will be a family again, Josie, the way that we were supposed to be. Just you and me. You and me against the world, baby.
Don’t you want that, too?
Don’t let those people out there that you live with keep you away from me, don’t let them taint you from me because everything they say, it’s all a lie, baby girl. They want to keep you away from the only family you have left. That’s what I am, your family, the only family that loves you aside from Mother—your grandmother.
Don’t listen to them, my precious and beautiful baby girl, Josie.
Never listen to them.
Love you always, always and longer
		Daddy

My hand covers my mouth as the final word, Daddy, leaps from the page, nearly blinding me. It burns to hold the page in my hands. It burns to read the words of this man, my father. I drop to the floor, my knees pounding on the tile beneath my feet. The pain shoots up my thighs, stinging and throbbing, but I don’t feel it. The pain doesn’t compare to the feeling of my heart ripping through my chest.
Letter 1127? There are more letters from him? To me? At least 1126? But … why?
“Joey?” Zephyr asks loudly, slowly kneeling down next to me. His hand glides soothingly down my back but I barely feel it. I do feel the paper crumple in my hand from my strong grip. I want to crush it. I want to crush him. I want him to know I don’t want his words. I don’t want to know about him, what he loves. He is not a man to me, anymore, and he is insignificant.
But as I stare at a spot on the floor, dropping further onto the ground so I’m sitting, I know that this man will never be done with me and I will never be finished with him. He did this to me. He ruined me. He ruined me and he doesn’t even believe it.
It breaks my heart to see, to know, that he has no remorse. I was in love with the little pink bundle in my arms. I never felt that way before; not with your brother, not with your sister, certainly not with your mother … what made me so special that he wanted to take my family away from me? Why? Why? Why me? We will be a family. Don’t you want that? That man has never been my family. My family is Hilary and the people surrounding me today, they made me who I am. Without them, I would be nothing.
I would be like him, worthless, pathetic, and alone.
“Hello?” Hilary calls when she walks through the door. I don’t know how long I’ve been on the floor, all I know is that I am crying and I don’t want Zephyr to let go of my hand. I squeeze his hand tighter. “Where is everyone, I see the li—oh, my God, Joey, what happened?” My aunt crashes to floor next to my sobbing form; taking my shaking shoulders and pulling me close for a tight hug, yanking me from Zephyr’s grasp. My body feels weak without his touch.
I turn to her, taking in her worried green eyes, her concerned face, her trembling lip, and all I can think is 1127. Letter and letter, note and note, from my father to me, and then something flows into my mind, coming back like a stubborn cold. A few weeks ago, after my September visit with Dr. Jett, Hilary sat at the dining room table in her robin’s egg blue robe, holding a similarly pink envelope in her hand. I remember it because she looked so scared to see it. Once she realized I was home, she slipped it into her pocket, out of sight. I never asked about, I was quick to shrug it away as nothing.
It was a letter from him. And she was keeping it from me when I should have known about it, when I should have been given the chance to read it or throw it away myself.
She took away my decision.
I look at her and all I see is betrayal, all I see is secrecy, and I don’t want her arm around me.
I shove her away and throw the crumpled envelope at her. “What is that?” I ask, no, demand, shocking both Hilary and Zephyr as they each make audible gasps.
“What is what?” She grabs the paper ball and smoothes it out, looking at the name, J. Lucas, in the neat penmanship. “Where did you get this?” she asks without looking up at me. Her body tenses in worry and concern but I don’t want her worry or her concern, I want the truth. I think I deserve that much right now.
“It was in the mail,” I growl through clenched teeth, standing to get away from her, backing into the dining room table. “Is that from my father?” I ask, nearly yelling. Hilary doesn’t answer me, doesn’t look at me, just reaches for the crumpled ball on the floor by Zephyr’s feet. “IS THAT FROM HIM?” I yell, pointing to the wad of paper.
“Yes,” she answers simply, timidly. Her gaze shifts up, toward Zephyr. Concern covering her face. “Zephyr, I think you should go.”
He hesitates, looking to me for permission. I’m not sure if it’s to stay or go but he shouldn’t see this. This is the last thing I want him to witness.
“Just go home,” I tell him, trying to remain strong and focused, though I can feel my resolve start to slip. The last thing I need right now is to crumble.
He slowly stands, keeping his eyes on me. I avoid the gaze, looking to the space by Hilary’s head. Zephyr leaves, leaving his books behind on the kitchen table—he can always come back, slowly taking one more look to me, as if he’ll never see me again and he wants to remember me, before he disappears out through the front door.
“Tell me,” I order once we’re alone, demanding to know what secrets she has kept from me, from the looks of it, for years—many, many years.
“It’s just a letter, Joey,” Hilary tells me defensively. “It doesn’t mean anything. Not a thing, Joey.”
“It doesn’t mean anything, Aunt Hil?” I ask, seriously struck dumb. “It’s a letter that says Letter 1127 on the top,” I point out, knowing she can see the evidence staring her in the face. “That means there are more of them, aren’t there?” She remains quiet, keeping her green eyes to the floor. “ARE THERE MORE LETTERS FROM HIM OR NOT? AM I INSANE FOR THINKING THIS AT ALL, AUNT HIL?” I yell, practically screaming at her, wishing, praying she would just answer the damn question and be honest with me.
“There is, Joey,” Hilary yells back to me, with less ferocity, but the bite still stings and I take a step back, knocking the chair into the table. “Does that make you happy to hear?” My aunt stands up. “He’s been writing you since the moment he was convicted, Joey.” She shrugs her shoulders
“Why have you been keeping them from me?” I ask quietly, still angry with my aunt.
“Because I wasn’t going to open them. I didn’t know what the hell he was writing to you and you don’t need to hear from him, Joey,” she explains, counting on her fingers. She then starts to rip up the letter. “You never needed to know about them. Not a single one. And I’ll be damned if I see him sink his claws into you through these letter like he did to your mother.”
I watch her throw the shreds of his words into the garbage can, attempting to erase that one blemish from my already disfigured and bespeckled life. I don’t want her to toss them away. Actually, I’m not sure what I want. I just want to option to decide for myself like the adult she is raising me to be.
“Why are Grandma and Grandpa sending them here if I don’t need to know about them?” I ask, neglecting to call my grandparents by their respective nicknames.
“I don’t know, Joey,” she answers, exhausted. My aunt turns to me and drops her arms down to her sides with a slap. “I’ve never asked them to stop. I wanted to. I just never brought myself to do it.”
“And you’ve been keeping this from me for what? Eight years?” I ask, shocked. “It’s something I needed to know. It’s something I deserved to know.”
“You didn’t need to know anything about it, Joey. Nothing. Not a thing, damn it.”
“Are you kidding me, Aunt Hil?” My tone shocks her. “He’s my father.” That shocks her more, and she recoils as if I just punched her in the stomach. “I can’t believe this,” I say to myself, grabbing my jacket from the back of the chair at the table.
“What are you doing?” Hilary asks, fear in her voice as she follows closely behind me. “Where are you going?”
“GOING FOR A WALK,” I yell. “GOT A PROBLEM WITH THAT?” I scream before I slam the door, knowing the entire block can hear me throw my temper tantrum, and start down the street like a woman on a mission.
I lift up the hood on my jacket, shove my hands deep into my pockets, and walk quickly to the neighborhood park at the end of the street. My iPod, thankfully, is still in my pocket, so I turn it on, jamming the buds into my ears as I let Corey Taylor scream the lyrics of People = Shit into my ears. It seems like an appropriate song choice to me right now.
I make it to the park—big shocker since I am only a block away—and lo and behold, it is completely empty and devoid of life. Just as I thought. The sky is darkening in that beautiful gray sky shadow that only happens when rain is on the horizon and no one who was not up to any trouble would still want to be at the park. So I take refuge on the large rock near the basketball courts and parking lot, cranking up the volume on my iPod to drown out the silence of the night. It’s a horrible thing to do when you’re alone in a park at night but a rats ass, I do not give.
Not gracefully anyway.
Ten minutes of angry metal pass before I see the pinprick of a light enter the park on the other side of the field. It bounces around, the person commanding it deciding which direction they wish to head. If they are looking for me, if my suspicions are correct, both forks in the path lead him to me.
Great. Just great.
Not what I needed at all right now.
I just want to be alone.
The person holding the flashlight follows the path on the left, taking the short cut to my location, until they see me sitting on the giant rock, flashing the bright light in my face. They walk up, the form growing larger and taller, and I already know whom it is.
Zephyr.
He jumps onto the rock next to me, tucking his hands into his pocket after he sets the flashlight in his lap, the light illuminating a tree in front of us. He doesn’t look at me. He doesn’t say anything. He only clicks off the tiny flashlight and slides it into his pants pocket. Now we’re encased in darkness, nothing but us and wind.
After a few moments of Slipknot blaring in my head and Zephyr not trying to communicate with me, I tug a bud from my right ear and ask, “Aunt Hil send you to find me?”
“She didn’t have to,” he admits, also admitting Hilary spoke to him. “Want to talk about it?”
“Would you?” I ask bitterly, absently playing with the cord to my headphones.
He thinks a moment. “Fair enough,” he responds, matter-of-factly. “We just going to sit out here?” he asks. There is a good foot of space separating us. It’s small to the naked eye but feels like a canyon between us.
“Yep,” I answer, both tapping my toe on the rock to the beat of the music and wrapping the cord around my index finger until it starts to throb. In this light, I can’t see my finger turn purple so I give up the goal. “You don’t have to.”
“I want to be wherever you are,” he tells me, turning his head to look at me. I can feel his eyes, feel that they are filled with concern, not pity, as you would expect from some people in his position.
I push my hood back, dragging my hand through my hair, and let him pull me to his chest. His scent overwhelms me; calming me. For someone reason, I start crying, soaking his sweatshirt in tears I didn’t know I wanted to shed. I couldn’t tell you the reason I am crying, there is just some part of me that needs to release all this emotion.
“I don’t know why I let this shit get to me,” I blubber as his hand rubs against my back. “I’m sorry,” I mumble. I know he didn’t want to date an emotionally unstable nut bag who cries every time something doesn’t go her way—no one wants that. I feel like one of those girls on those stupid television shows they target to teenagers, the girl who can’t seem to get her life together but the boyfriend stays with her because he just can’t find the courage to leave her.
I don’t want to be that girl or turn Zephyr into that guy.
“Stop apologizing,” Zephyr whispers, smoothing down my frizzing hair as his voice cuts into my thoughts. His words stop them before I start sobbing uncontrollably while overcome with self-loathing.
We sat on that rock for a good hour or two before I stopped crying, his hand tangling in my unruly curls as he continued to rub my back. It was another hour before I decided to head home and face my aunt. And then just another thirty minutes before I could convince myself to climb from the rock and take my ass home to face the music of what I do.
And the music sounded like cats going through a woodchipper to me.
The house is toasty warm when I walk through the door, instantly shivering because of the temperature change. It started raining during our walk—turned run—home.
I ditched Zephyr at his house, forcing him to let me do this alone. I loved that he wanted to be there for me. This was just something I needed to do alone.
“Joey?” Hilary asks quietly from the kitchen. She pokes her head around the wall, looking into the living room and smiles when she sees me. I return it faintly. “I’ve been worried.”
“I know, Aunt Hil,” I tell her, walking and dripping into the kitchen. I’m soaked through, the rain I predicted turned into a downpour and now I look like a drowned rat. Hilary is at the stove stirring cheese in a saucepan. Random. “I’m sorry.”
“No, I should apologize,” she tells me sincerely, continuing to stir. “I should have told you about the letters a long time ago, I really do apologize for keeping you in the dark for so long.”
“I can understand why you didn’t tell me.”
Hilary pauses for a moment, thinking about something while tucking her orange hair behind her ear. “Here, continue stirring this for me, please.” She thrusts the spoon into my hand and I take her place at the stove, slowly stirring whatever it is she is making for dinner. “I’ll be right back.”
She leaves me in the kitchen. I can hear her quick steps up the stairs to her room. A moment later, three or four seconds, her steps are carefully descending the stairs and she is back in the kitchen holding a very large bin.
“What is that?” I ask, raising an eyebrow as I stare at the gray bin in her hands.
“These are all of the letters he sent you since you’ve been living with me.” My aunt drops the bin and wipes her hands as if she were happy to be rid of the baggage. “I’ve never opened them. I’ve never wanted to. And I don’t really know why I kept them all these years. It would have been smart to trash them as I got them—maybe, I wanted to give you this choice. Maybe I’m just an idiot—but here you go.” She quickly turns, grabbing something from the table, and places it on top of the bin.
The letter she tore, she must have taped it back together for me after I stormed out.
“Are there really one thousand, one hundred, and twenty-six letters waiting for me in that thing?” I ask. I am a little weirded out by that little piece of information alone than what could possibly be in the letters.
“I’m not sure if that is the exact number,” she starts, puzzled. “It would kind of be weird if I just sat around counting his letters to you, but I promise you, they’re all there, every one you’ve ever received since living with me.” Hilary rubs her hands on her jeans. “I’m sorry I tried to keep them from you. You’re right, I am not the one who should make the decision whether you read them or not. It should be you.” I think that might be a first, right there. “And if you still want to talk about what little I know about your past and that night, I might be able to do that too.”
“Seriously?” I ask skeptically. Am I wrong for not trusting this?
“No,” she starts sarcastically, narrowing her green eyes. “I’m lying only to get you to stir the cheese sauce for macaroni and cheese.” Her face breaks into a smile.
“All you had to say was macaroni and cheese and I’d do anything you ask.” I smile.
“That true, huh?” she takes the spoon from my hand. “Start boiling some pasta, then, child. I’m pretty sure there is a new bag in the cupboard above the fridge.”
I climb the counter, something my aunt scolds me for half-heartedly, and grab the elbow macaroni noodles from a cupboard she would need stilts to place things in. I suspect she had help of the hot neurosurgeon kind. That makes me smile. Knowing he’s been here and helped put away groceries. It’s so adorable, so domestic, and I wish I caught it on camera.
After dinner that night, I dragged the seriously heavy bin—that I’m positive is the reason for the freaking ozone layer because imagine how many trees were sacrificed for these unopened letters—up to my room. I debate whether I want to crack open a letter or just shove it in the back of my closet until I’m ready. That starts my questioning if I will ever be ready. Maybe, maybe not. I decide to go with the latter, kicking the bin into the back of my closet until I could successfully cover it with other items that make a great disguise and forget that it’s there.
Okay, so forgetting it’s there is going to take more time than five minutes, but out of sight, out of mind, right. That had to work … eventually.
Thirty-Eight
The start of November was a little boring—okay, very boring. I almost fell asleep doing menial activities, like classes. I finally told Hilary, after Zephyr threatened to tell her for me, about the school Idol singing competition of which I was a part. She told me she’d be there with whistles and air horns for when I undoubtedly won in the end. I told her she had too much faith in me, I wasn’t certain I was going to make it past the first round. Hilary only responded with, “I’ve heard you sing, honey,” before leaving for work.
I sent in more college applications, deciding to forego applying to any schools on the East Coast. Mostly, I wanted to stay close to home but everyone decided that stay close to home meant stay close to Zephyr. So, maybe they were just a little, teeny bit right to think that, but I refused to openly admit it. They wouldn’t judge me for it, or whatever, not my friends, and they didn’t discourage me from applying to close schools. All they told me was to go to whatever school I wanted. My aunt just told me to be happy and follow my dreams.
Thanks for the help, people.
Yeah, I don’t understand my sarcasm, either.
But even Zephyr told me not to worry about him and the future. I couldn’t help it. The future was staring me in the face and taunting me. I didn’t want to head to college, start a new life, and leave Zephyr behind. He didn’t deserve that.
It was easy for him to say don’t worry about it or don’t worry about your future, his was not approaching at lightning speed.
With a sigh, I bury my face into my hands with thoughts of my future running rampant in my mind. In movies, the future always seems so perfect—it’s the intended goal. Can I just live in a movie? Those characters have it easier.
I continued to work diligently on my senior project, even having that important discussion with my aunt I begged for, which was not that great. She didn’t have any new information for me. All she knew was what I knew, and that isn’t much. My mother did a great job of keeping my aunt in the dark about all aspects of her life with my father. Although, Hilary did tell me my mother and father separated two weeks before the murder. From what my aunt understood, and she was still a bit fuzzy, my mom had kicked him out and he didn’t want to go. She had to get the police involved and then she, like any other woman would, changed the locks to prevent him from returning. She was even debating moving houses, maybe leaving the town. Hilary continued to tell me that my mother even filed for divorce, my father just couldn’t be found to serve the papers.
Maybe that had something to do with his rampage. The fact that his wife wanted him gone, from what I’ve heard, he didn’t seem like the man to take things like that lying down. He would get up and do something even if it ruined lives.
I’m not done searching yet, I doubt I’ll ever be, but it’s more exhausting than I ever thought.
So when that first weekend arrived, I decided I needed a little relaxation and a break from everyone, everything, and all of the questioning. I tossed aside all of the homework, grabbed a book from my shelf that wasn’t school-related, planted myself on the living room couch with a blanket, and started reading. Halfway through the first chapter, I decided I wanted ice cream, specifically Ben and Jerry’s Chunky Monkey. The problem was we were out of ice cream and I had to leave the house.
[Insert obnoxious whine here.]
“Aunt Hil!” I yelled while walking out of the kitchen, heading through the living room to the stairs. I had to confirm our lack of ice cream.
“Hold on,” she calls back. I hear steps upstairs before she runs down—bouncing is the more correct term—and stops in front of me. It’s a moment like this, when her face is clean of makeup and she looks happy, I realize how young she looks, almost like a teenager. “Yes, honey?” she asks.
“I want ice cream,” I tell her, running my hands down my bare legs. It might not be smart for me to venture through the November air in shorts, but I am too lazy to change. “I’m thinking of heading to the store.” I grab my jacket and tie my hair up in a ponytail. “Want anything?” I ask before grabbing her keys from the bowl by the door, listening to them jingle as they dangle from my fingers.
“Oooh, yeah, let me think a moment.” Hilary thinks for a moment, tapping her finger on her chin, her green eyes rising to look at the ceiling. “Golden Oreos, please, I’ve been craving those, lately.”
“Random,” I blurt out with a giggle, tucking a few loose strands behind my ear. I shove my feet into a pair of purple flip-flops by the door. I look like a hot mess.
Before I turn, a light knock, knock raps on the door, catching both my aunt’s and my attention. We exchange quick glances with each other. I wasn’t expecting anyone today; everyone is busy. Hilary even mentioned earlier that Patrick was busy with work, so we’re perplexed.
“I wonder who that could be,” Hilary mutters with a shrug.
“I move toward the door and pull it open without checking the peephole, a bad habit I need to break. But, honestly, what’s the worst that could happen?
A tall woman in a black suit, which consists of a tiny skirt, with long, dark hair turns to me. She’s wearing very large Chanel sunglasses—I didn’t know those were still in style—they cover most of her face as she smiles at me. From looking at her, you can instantly see the confidence oozing from her body. She has model-like features and towers over me with height and from the help of her heels—name brand, I just don’t follow designers well enough to know whom they are by.
“Hello,” she eagerly thrusts out her hand for me take. I notice the immaculate manicure, the white tips jutting from her fingers. “My name is Ambrielle Knight.”
I take her hand, giving it a light shake. Her name sounds familiar but I can’t place the woman that stands before me. I would definitely remember someone like her. “Hi, I’m Joey,” I reply while I feel my aunt stand protectively behind me. If she could, I’d bet that she would push me aside to block the woman from me.
This Ambrielle Knight is looking at me as if I’m the key to … something, I don’t know, something important. That can’t be good.
“I know that,” Ambrielle tells me, her perfect smile widening, and I have an uneasy feeling rolling through me, a shiver trailing down my back, but that could be from the cold, I am wearing shorts. “I’ve been meaning to discuss doing a piece on you.”
Huh? “A what?” I ask, instantly confused. I quickly look back to my aunt who shrugs her shoulders; she’s as baffled as I am.
“I work for News Today,” she begins. I can see that she’s someone that loves attention. “We wanted to do a Then and Now piece on you,” the woman tells me, using her manicured hands to emphasize her words. “We just want to show how your recovery is going since you moved here from Texas eight years ago.”
Seriously? I look to my aunt, confused. She doesn’t share the sentiment.
Hilary pushes me aside, stepping in front of me, cutting me off from Ambrielle. “I remember you. I thought you understood when I told you when you called,” my aunt angrily spits out. I guess they’ve spoken about this before. “Joey doesn’t need to be reminded of that, any of that. She doesn’t need to be broadcasted across national television as a victim again.”
Again? That’s news to me.
“Not a victim. Never would we show her as the victim,” Ambrielle clarifies, taking her sunglasses and sliding them up her forehead like headband. “As a survivor.”
“The answer is still no.” Hilary grabs the edge of the door, about to slam it in the other woman’s face, but I wedge my way between her and the woman, preventing the door from separating us and ending the conversation. I want to hear what more she has to say. This could be information I need to understand my past. Surely, the media would know more about it than me. They found me, after all, and they’re crafty. They have tricks to discover things. They should be able to give me the information I need.
“What’s the point of it?” I ask, placing my hand on the door to prevent my aunt from closing the door. “Really?”
“Joey, you don’t have to do it,” my aunt tells me but I knew that. It’s not like this Ambrielle person is holding a gun to my head, forcing cameras to follow me just so she can get the interview that’s going to start her career.
I wave her off. “I just want to hear what she has in mind, what could possibly be planned if I agree.” And if there’s a chance any of my questions could gain answers.
“We just want to show how you’ve overcome your tragic past,” Ambrielle starts, using the two words I hate when put together—tragic past, they make my life sound like a Shakespearean play. Last time I checked, I was a far cry from Ophelia. “We want to show everyone that believed you’d instantly dive into a world of drugs and promiscuous sex. You are in the top of your class at school—even graduating a year early, a part of the school orchestra, doing school functions and extracurriculars.” That doesn’t sound too bad—but who are these other people to which she’s referring? “We want to show that your past has not affected your future whatsoever.” I’m beginning to like the sound of this.
“And how would you do that?” I ask, actually interested in the idea, provided it doesn’t bite me in the ass. If it can’t answer any questions, which I’m beginning to think was wrong for me to assume, it could, instead, show the people that I’ve grown up with that I’m not a product of my father.
I’m not sure if that’s a good thing or not.
“We would follow you around for a week,” she answers simply. “Any week of your choosing, it’s all up to you.”
I take a moment and think about what this could mean for me. It could open doors for me. It could get me accepted to college if nothing else. Not that I’d need help with that, it’s just an afterthought.
“Joey?” Hilary asks when I haven’t spoken for a few moments. She tugs me from my mind back to the brisk cold surrounding me. Now that I think about it, we could have done this inside, where it’s warm.
“I’m thinking,” I tell her. “And this—this piece—it would appear where? On News Today?” I want to slap myself in the face the moment the words leave my lips.
“That. And any other news correspondent that wishes to use it,” Ambrielle explains, matter-of-factly.
“Can I get back to you about it?” I ask, still debating it in my mind. I can see the pros and I can see the cons even clearer, but I just need more time to decide if this is the right thing for me to do.
“Absolutely, take your time.” She digs in her bag, a large Chanel purse, pulling out her wallet. “This is my card, it has my personal line at the office and my cell phone number, and this is my email.” Her French manicured nail points to a line on the card. “These are the best and easiest ways to contact me. And I always reply.”
“Okay, thank you.” I hesitantly take the card.
“I look forward to hearing from you, Joey.” Ambrielle smiles, slides her glasses back over her eyes, and turns away from me.
If Ambrielle Knight, or News Today, wants to do a story on me, what happened to me must have been a big case with national exposure, I mean, if they want to do a follow up on me. I should do a thorough web search. Why hadn’t I thought of that before?
“Joey,” Hilary begins as she slowly closes the door. “You don’t have to do this, honey.”
“I know I don’t,” I tell her absentmindedly, still thinking while my eyes train on the card in my hands. It’s small and white with neat type and the News Today logo by her name. I turn to head toward the stairs.
“I thought you wanted ice cream,” Hilary asks when I don’t head toward the door.
“I do,” I answer, my hand on the banister. “But I want to grab a pair of sweats first.” I start up the stairs, my flip-flops thwacking against my heels with every step. Standing in front of the open door made my legs freeze; they feel like popsicles.
I grab an oversized pair of sweats from my dresser, sliding them on over my shorts, and then run down the stairs, passing my aunt as she sits on the couch, reading the back of my book. I never pegged her as a paranormal romance fan.
“Don’t forget the Golden Oreos,” she calls playfully as I slip out the door.
When I get home from the store, I camp out on the couch with my book. Zephyr is out of town at an away game, Kennie’s with him cheering for it, Harley is visiting her father’s side of the family in Oregon, and I am bored. There is only so much reading I can do and I finish my book.
I could call Jamie, I mean, I haven’t hung out with her since she dragged me dress shopping before Homecoming, but she most likely has plans with Marcus.
What to do? What to do?
I trudge up the stairs, taking my ice cream with me, and toss the book on my bed. It hits my laptop before sliding to the wall, almost falling between the bed and the wall. I’m happy it doesn’t because I think a spider lives somewhere down there and I would rather we not meet.
I could look up that night. I set my pint of Chunky Monkey on the bedside table, leaving the spoon in my mouth, and flip open my laptop, quickly going to Google. I type my name into the search bar—essentially following a trend some of my friends do, the Googling of one’s self. The only things that pop up are the usual, Did you mean: Josephine Archambault? followed by a few Ancestry UK posts.
So I’m not the only Josephine Archembault in the world, even if I spell it differently—who knew? What am I saying, it’s a fairly common name, of course I’m not the only one.
But the envelope comes to mind. J. Lucas.
Am I really a Lucas?
It’s worth a shot, yeah?
I type in Josephine Lucas, thinking nothing will pop up because I can’t really be a Lucas—it just doesn’t feel right, but what I find shoots the thought dead.
Page after page of information pops up, but most of the recent ones are not about me. After a few clicks, reading news articles and awkward blog posts, one catches my attention. It is from eight years ago.
I open the link of an old newspaper search engine. The heading of the article catches my eye and chills me to the bone.

Father Sentenced to Life for Murder and Attempted Murder of His Wife and Three Children
San Antonio, Texas.
Last month, we all saw the tragic death of the Lucas family of San Antonio. Husband and Father, Benjamin Lucas, murdered his wife and elder two children with stab wounds to the neck and stomach. The youngest daughter, whose name is being withheld, survived with major injuries to the stomach, back, and chest. As we recall, she was the one to call the police, alerting them to the tragedy within the home.
Only yesterday did we see justice for the youngest Lucas child, who was just recently released from the hospital into the custody of her paternal grandmother last Tuesday.

I skim the rest of the article barely taking in where it mentions his death sentence—it is Texas. I continue reading the article until I get to the comments listed at the bottom of the page. Poor little Josephine Lucas someone writes. It’s the first comment in a long thread. The others only question how someone could do this to their family—How crazy must you be to take the life of your children, of your wife? The woman you swore to protect, how could you just destroy your family?­—while also questioning my father’s mental stability (just as I do). But it is that first comment that sticks in my mind.
Poor little Josephine Lucas…
That person, whoever Anonymous23 is, knew me. They knew my name, my old name—my birth name. That knowledge alone is enough to send a shiver down my spine. Someone out in the world knows me.
And who is this paternal grandmother and why am I no longer living with her? I can’t remember living with anyone but Hilary.
Damn, I need to open those letters, don’t I?
Thirty-Nine
The weight presses me down, as if a hand against my chest, holding me under the surface until I can’t take it anymore and my breath halts. Then it holds me longer. This is the battle I fight, the fear I feel, and the sense of hopelessness as the water surrounds me.
No air. No air can be found anywhere, and I struggle for it. But they are taking me farther, deeper, gripping onto my legs, holding my arms, and pulling me under.
This moment, I just want to give up. Call off the fight and let go. Become so weightless I just drift down deep. It would be so easy to give up, it would be so easy…
Forty
I still haven’t cracked open a single letter. I keep opening the door to the closet with the intention but I can never bring myself to open the tub and grab a letter. Part of me wants to know what they say. Part of me wants to know what he has to say. The other part of me wants to burn them all without a second thought. I don’t want to give this man the satisfaction that, possibly, I may have read them. He would think I believe him, he would think I would love him when I just want him dead.
But I am having a second thought.
On a happier note, Hilary and Patrick have become an official couple. She seems extremely happy about it, like dance around the house all the time annoying the hell out of her niece happy, make her niece think she’s a lost a few screws happy. It’s nice she found someone and he seems like a sweetheart so while I am annoyed with all of the dancing, I am still extremely happy for her.
I haven’t learned much about Patrick, though. I know he is a successful neurosurgeon and graduated from Johns Hopkins University, I know he is in his late thirties. I know he went to college on a football scholarship. But that’s about it. I’m tempted to sit down and interview him until he starts spilling and I learn things about him I can’t find with a Google search.
Though, after asking Patrick all the questions I have pinging around in my brain, I still need to ask Hilary about my paternal grandmother. However, that’s not a high priority—so it can wait.
As scheduled, I have my monthly session with Dr. Jett and talk about nothing, nothing at all. She asks me all of the usual things about school—I have nothing new to tell her—and she tells me that I’m making good progress.
Yay me!
The only problem is she won’t tell me anything about my own past either. It’s as if all the adults in my life have gathered together with the sole purpose of keeping me in the dark about my own mind. Though, I do get to ask her questions about what I found on the internet.
“How much did you know about me before our first session?” I ask during the start of our November session. It’s raining and I watch droplets of water slide down the window, collecting others and running a maze to a puddle on the sill.
“What exactly do you mean?” Dr. Jett replies in question. I can see I have confused her but I don’t understand. The question makes sense.
“Just what the question implies, Doc,” I answer. “How much did you know about me before our first session?” I assume she was briefed, or whatever the word is. She couldn’t have only relied on my filed for the past eight years.
“Only what was stated in your file,” the doctor replies with a shrug.
“Is there a lot in my file?” I wonder aloud.
“I wouldn’t say a lot but enough,” Dr. Jett, tapping her pen against the pad in her lap, mentions to me with a casual shrug. “Why do you want to know about that?”
“Just curious,” I tell her, turning my gaze back to the window. She is lucky enough to have a window in her office, which means I am lucky she has a window in her office. It attracts my attention more than our conversation. That isn’t a good thing to say but she loses me most of the time when she speaks.
But that aside, I now know there is a thick file folder with my name on it somewhere in this building.
That is very good to know.
When I get home, the first thing I do is call Harley and beg her to come over to my house. I do the same with Zephyr but Harley arrives first.
“Hey, why the urgent call,” she asks as she glides through the front door, shrugging off her jacket—or Avery’s coat, I think—and tosses it on my bed.
“I’ll tell you when Zephyr gets here,” I explain to her. Lucky for us, he doesn’t take his time.
“What’s up?” Zephyr asks before I close the door to my room for privacy. My aunt already left for work but I don’t want to risk the chance of her hearing what I have to say if she just so happens to forget something and runs home. It’s happened before … not again, please.
I’m a bit paranoid at times—sometimes I think it’s justified.
“She just called me,” Harley offers from my bed as she lounges against the pillows, her converse kicked to the floor by my matching pair.
“Joey, what’s going on?” Zephyr asks, taking a seat on the recliner in the corner of my room. He is wet, his jacket covered in droplets of water, his hair dripping. I wasn’t aware of the rain outside. It was dry when I got home.
I am too excited, too nervous, to sit down so I pace back and forth in the center of my room, the plan still forming in my mind.
“I don’t know things and it’s bothering me,” I begin, catching a raised eyebrow from both Harley and Zephyr. Not even five minutes and I confuse them by speaking like a crazy girl.
“What are you talking about?” Zephyr blurts.
“I have this plan. This really stupid plan,” I continue. “We’re going to break into my therapist’s office,” I tell them, matter-of-factly, expecting agreements and brainstorming. I mean, these two are my closest friends and I trust them with my life.
That isn’t what I get.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Zephyr almost shouts. I can see him turning an awkward shade of red.
“What does it sound like, Zephyr?” I start, excitedly. “I need answers, and I am not going to get them by just sitting on my ass hoping I have another dream, I am taking some action,” I tell them. “Are you either of you in?” I ask, looking back and forth between my boyfriend and my best friend. But all I see are two blank stares.
But Harley perks up, appearing ready for anything. “I’ll help you in any way I can,” she chimes from my bed.
That’s a best friend, right there. One that will help you commit a crime.
Now what about Zephyr?
“This is crazy,” Zephyr mutters before standing up and approaching me. Maybe I might only be doing this with Harley. Possibly Kennie if I can convince her. “You’re talking about breaking and entering. You can go to jail for that, Joey. Doesn’t that place have surveillance cameras?”
“I’ve been going there for eight years,” I tell them. “Trust me, there are no cameras. Zephyr, you don’t have to go if you don’t want to.” I turn to look at Harley. “We can do this on our own.”
“Forget that, I’m going,” Zephyr agrees, sounding as if he was going all along. “I swear, we are going to get arrested, but you both need someone there to keep a level head,” he grumbles, reclaiming he recliner in the corner.
That night we start the planning process. Even if it’s the last thing I ever do, I will know what happened to me, so help me, baby Jesus
Forty-One
We push all of the planning aside for the Big Heist—we need a better title for our crime—because I kind of have to do that stupid Idol competition at school Friday night. Every time it popped into my mind, came back to me that I had to do something terrifying in front of a group of people, I glared at Zephyr—just started staring at him in anger one day. He eventually caught on. Now, as I stand in the hallway wearing a black-and-white striped dress, I continuously curse Zephyr for signing me up for this stupid thing. A few people were in the various practice rooms warming up their voices, others were talking in the hallway with friends, I was just clutching the locket hanging around my neck and counting down the minutes until this ended. One hundred, forty-three minutes, and twenty-nine, twenty-eight, twenty-seven seconds to go.
Oh yeah, I am definitely going to punch Zephyr in the throat.
I really hope the time flies … but I doubt I’ll be having any fun.
“Thank you all for coming,” one of the judges from the audition, who I later discovered her name to be Brittany, calls as she walks down the hall. She is the size of a pixie with short blonde hair cut in a bob. Her heels, which do absolutely nothing to help her height, click-clack along the tiled floor as she walks past us, ushering us into the green room near the end of the hall. She closes the door behind us before she starts saying, “I really love the turnout for this, thank you.” She’s in disbelief over this, which is odd. “This is my Senior Project and it’s never been done before. If it goes well, then the school was discussing keeping it up as an annual thing.”
Yippee! I want to grumble, but it might be rude. I’m sure my disinterested stance isn’t helping my case.
A stagehand walks into the room, dressed in black, not much taller than Brittany, but she isn’t wearing heels. I think her name is Joanna. “Faith Simmons is first,” she reads from the list stuck on her clipboard.
A slightly pudgy girl in a bright orange dress too small for her and too much makeup stands up. Her frizzy brown hair is unsuccessfully pulled away from her face, poofing around her head mimicking a lion’s mane. “That’s me,” she says in a voice that, I swear, could rival Minnie Mouse. She doesn’t go to my school, thank goodness, because that voice would make me want to punch her daily.
As she crosses through the door furthest away from us, those who have friends start talking to each other, others with instruments they can easily carry start quietly playing music. I guess they are practicing their song. I’m playing the piano but I can’t have it in this room nor can I randomly just start playing the one pressed against the far wall. I think the audience would be able to hear it and that wouldn’t be good.
We hear a voice coming from the tiny television set mounted high on the wall and collectively, our heads turn, spotting Brittany speaking in the corner of the stage, welcoming Faith Simmons onto the stage. She starts singing Colors of the Wind from Pocahontas, and two girls sitting next to each other start laughing hysterically. I don’t know about anyone else in the room, but I’m guessing I missed the joke.
Slowly, we take our turns singing on stage, and the process is long and slow. I don’t speak to anyone in the room. Well, no one really wants to talk to me. I can live with that. Finally, it comes to be my turn and I’m so ready to get this over with I almost sprint through the door.
“Joey Archembault,” Joanna whisper-reads from the list as she stands at the door.
I stand up—more like spring up from my seat—and smooth down my dress, feeling the nerves flare from my stomach, the tingles spreading throughout my body like a disease. My palms start to sweat as I follow Joanna, who is shorter than I thought, back stage, waiting for a girl named Mashka Viktor to finish singing another Disney song I didn’t hear the title to and don’t recognize.
When the music fades and the girl passes me on her way to the green room, Brittany walks up to the microphone with the boy I remember from the judges table at my audition. I think his name is Louis.
After some playful banter I don’t pay attention to, Brittany says, “Up next, we have a talented junior,” loudly into the microphone.
“This is Joey Archembault with Adele’s Set Fire to the Rain,” Louis finishes for her.
The applause for me is louder than I could have imagined. My eyes widen when I try to think of who could be sitting in the audience. Other than the usual suspects, I draw a blank on why the noise is so loud.
I walk onto the stage, feeling the heat of the lights burning into me. Luckily, they blind me so I can’t see anyone staring or sneering back at me. The piano has been rolled onto the stage for me and I take a seat at the bench, smoothing down the fabric of my dress to prevent showing the audience any more than my vocal ability.
I start taking deep breaths—in and out, in and out—before I dare to rest my hands above the black and white keys.
Here goes nothing.
My fingers press against the keys; letting the music overtake me and banish the nerves. There isn’t any sheet music. I don’t need it. I’ve entered my own world where nothing else matter, nothing but the music and me. The words flow from my lips in a melody I’ve sung so many times before. By the end of the first verse, my nerves have disappeared and I am actually enjoying myself on stage. I know. Who knew, right? I finish the song and sit back, letting the moment sink in, letting my world return and reality awaken, listening to the applause boom louder than before around me.
I laugh as I turn, because I am worried that if I stand, I will face plant onto the wooden floor beneath my feet, to face the judges for this part of the competition. The choir teacher, his student teacher from the nearby university, and a special guest I think.
“That was nice,” the choir teacher, Mr. Wright, tells me, speaking directly into the microphone to be sure he’s heard in the room. I’m not sure what nice means, but it must be a good thing because I hear a few whoop, whoops in the crowd.
Is that all he’s got for me?
“I could tell you were nervous when you sat down at the piano,” the student teacher, Miss Crane, says loudly. “But once you started singing, it was like you were in your own little world and no one could pop the bubble you built around yourself.” She smiles at me, a genuine, sweet smile. “I admire that because, once you started singing, you started to shine from that piano and we all got to glimpse the beauty of performance.”
The beauty of performance?
I like her.
“Thank you,” I say into the microphone on the piano.
That is just the first night of the competition. I made it through to the next week, singing Bridgit Mendler’s All I see is Gold. I made it through that night as well, and it was still a shock to me. I expected to get the boot immediately.
“And you didn’t think you’d make it,” Zephyr whispers against my ear. Sometimes, he can be sweet and everything I picture a boyfriend to be. But then he speaks and I am reminded I still owe him that punch. “You were wonderful on that stage and so fucking beautiful.”
“My aunt is walking behind us, you know.” However, I doubt she will be too upset with him for dropping an F-bomb or two.
I look over my shoulder and watch Hilary shoot Zephyr a glare for swearing. And that is all she does. Harley and Kennie already hugged me while Avery and Jackson clapped me on the back as if I was one of the boys—I almost am. Patrick even came. That surprised me. He even brought an air horn, it was immediately confiscated as contraband, and flowers—pink lilies—which he gave me at the end of the show. I really, really like him. As I have already told Hilary, that’s a keeper, right there.
We make it home, me riding in Zephyr’s car, Patrick driving Hilary, and have ice cream in the living room. It’s some kind of bizarre double date where family’s involved. It’s really weird to explain, but a very fun time where we joke around and laugh at each other. I spent most of the time making fun of Hilary who later joined up with Zephyr to make fun of me in return.
I felt bad for Patrick because he was missing out on all of the fun so we all, as a very nice group, ganged up on him. He can’t expect to join a group and miss out on all of the good times.
Ignoring the little blip where I sang in front of a crowd, it was one of the best nights of my life.
Forty-Two
While studying the Boston Massacre at the desk I rarely use in my room, my eyes lock onto the business card that Ambrielle Knight gave me when she made the offer to interview me. That involves following me around for a week with a camera crew. Have I given it any thought? No, not a single one. In fact, it sort of left my mind when more pressing matters presented themselves. Would it be interesting to do? Sure, why not. It’d be another experience to add to the variety of my life. So why not do it? I haven’t a clue, at least nothing with viable evidence.
That makes me think and argue in my head that I should do it. At least, until I have other opinions on the matter. That would involve some phone calls.
I grab my phone and dial Hilary at work. I should really discuss this with her before I make any hasty decisions. While I already know how she feels about it—she strongly hates the idea—I want to be sure she’ll be okay if I decide to do it. And that if will probably turn to a when regardless of what she says. There is something in me telling me to do this, like my story needs to be told.
It rings twice before she answers with a happy, peppy, “What up, Buttercup?”
What the hell? Random…
“So I was looking at the card that Ambrielle chick gave me a few weeks back,” I begin, flipping the card back and forth in my hand. It has remained on my desk for the past few weeks so it is still new and unwrinkled.
“What about it?” she asks, sounding distracted.
Was it right that I called a doctor while she’s at work?
“Did I call at a bad time?” I ask instead of answering her question. I don’t want to be the reason that someone dies. I definitely don’t want to be the one preoccupying my aunt with something petty and materialistic rather than letting her save a life. That really wouldn’t do well for my conscious.
“No, not at all, honey,” she tells me, the pep and perkiness back in her voice. “I’m taking a brief break right now, Joey. So what about that card?” she asks, the loud creak of a door joining her voice as it echoes. I am going to guess that she is in an empty stairwell.
“I was thinking that I want to do it,” I confess. “Like, I really, really want to do it.” I tuck a free lock of hair behind my ear. It sprung free from my hair tie.
I wait for her to reply with some kind of snide remark about Ambrielle Knight. All I heard from her when I got back with her Golden Oreos was how much of a bitch Ambrielle seemed to her. I couldn’t exactly disagree with her, but the woman at the door also had eyes that seemed kind enough not to worry me. If she wasn’t in search of the biggest story from a few years ago—which, we have got to agree she is—then I wouldn’t have taken the time to think about it.
But there is silence on the other end of the line.
Suddenly, I just hope we lost the connection. Silence is never good when Hilary is involved.
“Aunt Hil?” I hesitate. “You still there?” She wouldn’t just hang up on me for making what she believes to be the wrong decision. That isn’t something my aunt would do, right? If she didn’t like my choice, she would discuss it with me. She would try to point me in the right direction.
Dear Lord, she needs to say something because this argument is going to continue in my brain until I talk myself out of the Ambrielle Knight interview.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” she asks, her aunt/maternal (whatever I should call them) instincts are kicking in. “Like are you completely positive you want to show the world your life today?”
Uh, well, hmmm… Now that she puts it like that, let me make sure
“Well, not entirely,” I admit quietly. “That’s why I’m calling. If I were to do it, I’d want it to be this upcoming week.”
“That’s very soon, Joey,” Hilary reminds me. I roll my eyes knowing she can’t see me.
I know the date, I want to whine like a little girl. It’s just instinct when someone gives me information I already know.
“I know that,” I say politely instead. “But it seems appropriate to me,” I tell her, confident in my decision.
“Is it because you’re in the final round of that contest?” Hilary asks, knowing me so well.
I smile brightly. “Yep,” I acquiesce.
She’s quiet again. I can picture her rubbing her eyes as she tries to think of the appropriate thing to say. In the background, I can hear a code sound over the intercom, calling all available people to the ICU.
“If you’re sure you want to do it, then I don’t object.”
That’s shocking. All she wanted to do was keep me away from this Ambrielle Knight, now she’s letting me call her to set up a Then and Now shoot. Now I wonder if I could go on True Life. It’d have to be True Life: My Parent Tried to Kill Me and that may be a little too morbid.
“Honestly?” I ask, making sure I heard her correctly.
“Well, I don’t love the idea, Joey, honey, but…” she pauses, possibly thinking over her words. “It’s your life, you’re almost seventeen, and it’s something you want to do.” I can almost hear her smiling through the phone. It feels like the day I got my license, how scared she was to let me drive the car by myself, but she still smiled as I pulled down the driveway slowly. I could see her fingers crossed in front of her while she silently prayed I made it back safely and didn’t take out a family of four. “You’ll be an adult soon, Joey. I can’t make you do anything you don’t want to do nor prevent you from doing something you do want to do.”
Spoken like a true teen advocate.
“Wow,” I start, taking a deep breath. “That’s very un-Aunt Hil of you,” I say into the phone.
“I’m trying to grow, honey,” my aunt concedes.
That makes me laugh, because I can see she is trying. I also know she is trying to do this because I leave for college a year earlier than expected.
“I’ll see you when I get home, okay?”
“Yeah,” I answer. I wish her a good night and safe travel, telling her to tell Patrick I say Hello!—with that much enthusiasm—and hang up the phone. I immediately dial Ambrielle Knight’s number from the card and set everything up with her. It takes no time, really. The camera crew will be here bright and early on Monday morning.
Then I call Zephyr.
There’s nothing better than honesty, right? “So, I’m going to have a camera crew following me from Monday to Saturday,” I blurt out when he answers the phone. I treat it like a Band-Aid, ripping it off rather than going slowly.
“That’s a bit… bizarre,” he responds, humor in his voice. “Why? What’s going on?” That reminds me, I never exactly told him about Ambrielle and her offer. I should have done that a few weeks ago when it happened but there isn’t any perfect time like the present.
“It’s a cover story on me,” I tell him. “Like some before and after thing. Joey Archembault, Eight Years Later, I don’t know all the details yet, but I thought, What the hell? you know? What harm can it do, really?”
“Is it something you really want to do?” Zephyr asks me, trying to gage my reaction. Is he thinking someone just convinced me to do it? I wouldn’t broadcast my life like this. Though, I think it could really help my senior project. That is the ultimate goal—getting me to graduate.
“It’s definitely something I want to do, Zeph,” I tell him with so much confidence and conviction that he can’t not believe it. I roll my chair to my window, looking across the dimly lit alley to the brightly lit room, connecting eyes with my beloved concerned boyfriend. “I really want to do it,” I tell him, staring into his eyes as best I can with the distance.
He slowly nods. “Then you should do it.” He smiles to me from across the alley, our distance more obvious now than before. “I have to finish studying for this test I have tomorrow, I’ll see you in the morning.”
“I’ll leave my window open,” I tell him before I hang up my phone and drop it onto my book-cluttered desk. I glance at all the work I need to finish before tomorrow. Calculus homework, chemistry reading, this report on the Boston Massacre—it is all scattered around me, some even on the floor. I can finish it all. I know that, I just don’t want to.
Still, it’s time to hunker down. And I do.
As I trudge down the stairs illuminated by the gray hazy light of Monday morning, a knock lightly raps against the door, catching my slow attention. I pad to the door in my socks, covering my mouth as I yawn, and spot Ambrielle and an older man with a large camera in his hands.
“Good morning, Joey,” Ambrielle nearly cheers. Actually, she sings it. She’s one eager beaver in the morning; I strongly hope this doesn’t continue throughout the week. “This is Brian Horne. He will be filming you every day.”
“Hello,” I mutter depressingly, lethargic. Anyone standing next to Ambrielle right now will sound in need of anti-depressants.
This is going to be an awkward week, isn’t it? Darn.
By Thursday, it really is. I never realized how boring I am until I had someone follow me around. Though this week was decent. On Monday, I was asked by Mr. Cheney to tutor some students during an after school study session in the library, on Tuesday, I had an orchestra concert, and on Wednesday, I hung out with Zephyr at the movies. I’ve had a pretty busy week.
I just walked into the house from the sound check for the Idol competition, crashing on the couch while the camera tapes me. I don’t feel like being entertaining anymore and he’ll be leaving soon, anyway.
Brian lowers the camera and smiles at me.
“You are a very busy girl,” he tells me as he clicks buttons and does something to the lens on the front. I still don’t understand all that stuff, or any of it, and just let him do his thing—I’d be curious but the only thing I want is to shed my pants, crawl into bed, and sleep.
“Only this week,” I tell him. “I’m usually lounging on the couch in sweats with a book or homework, trying to get ahead in school.” I shrug weakly, exhausted.
I walk him to the door, wishing him a good night and safe travel back to his hotel, and decide that it’s time for me to hit the hay. My bed sounds so tempting; I am almost asleep walking toward the stairs.
But the world has other plans for me as the doorbell rings.
“Shit,” I whisper to myself as I turn toward the door.
I shouldn’t answer it. I don’t have to answer it. But… 
My bed will have to wait until after I answer the door.
I fling the door open—I still haven’t captured the grasp of the peephole—and Zephyr sidles past me into the house, smelling fantastic, might I add. Subconsciously, I follow him in my sleep-deprived state, trailing after him until I snap to attention and my steps falter. I stagger into the middle of the living room.
“Please, come on in,” I mutter, sarcastically.
“We haven’t seen each other so much this week,” Zephyr says, standing in my living room, looking more tempting than usual. I really must be tired. All I can focus on is his tousled hair, tight t-shirt, and arms. His arms, sweet Jesus, his arms are indescribable, and yeah… I need sleep.
I shake my head. “I know, I’m sorry,” I start, lifting my hand to rub my eyes. I only smudge up my glasses. “I somehow had plans,” I mumble, feeling my exhaustion take over. “But we did hang out yesterday.” I walk through the living room to the kitchen, if I’m not going to bed, I might as well have something to eat. “You hungry?” I call as I head toward the refrigerator.
“You know me, I’m always hungry,” he reminds me, following me. Once in the kitchen, he leans against the counter, arms crossed over his chest.
“You’re always hungry?” I ask skeptically. Dumb question. He pilfers my food more than I realize, usually from my plate as I’m eating, saying I eat like a bird and he doesn’t want to waste food. Boys, eh?
“Unless I’m busy and distracted, I’m hungry.”
I slam the door to the fridge, a bit aggressively. “Then let’s get busy,” I blurt out before catching myself, my cheeks reddening. I can’t believe I just said that.
“Well, if you insist.” Zephyr reaches out his arms, pulling me close to him, his hands sliding down my sides until the rest comfortably on my hips, his thumbs hooking into my belt loops.
“Forget I said anything.” I push him away. “I’m too tired,” I mumble as I walk out of the kitchen and plop onto the couch, forgetting the food. I’m too embarrassed to eat.
I remove my glasses and let my hands move up to my eyes, gently pressing into them before pinching the bridge of my nose. When I’m tired, I get horrible headaches, and I can feel the start of one forming in the center of my forehead. The throbbing, pounding pain behind my eyes, it’s almost like a tiny drummer took residence in the base of my brain and is starting some kind of parade, generating a large mass of drummers to march from one end of my brain to the other. Twice.
I lean my head against the back of the couch, yanking the hair tie from my hair and dragging my hand through the curling strands. I feel the couch shift and dip as Zephyr sits next to me. He drags my legs over his lap, basically turning me to face him, and tugs off my shoes. I hear them fall to the floor before I feel a soft blanket cover me. His hand clasps mine, threading our fingers together, and I smile to him. Sometimes, he’s really just too good to me.
I only meant to blink, really, but the exhaustion is too much. Sleep is consuming me. I’m out before I can realize. 
The closing of the front door is the first thing that wakes me. I stir briefly, clutching onto something warm before succumbing to the darkness once again. The second thing to wake me is the shift of a body next to mine. An arm tugs me closer and I unconsciously fist the fabric in my hands, trying to pull the warm figure closer before deciding I am comfortable enough to continue sleeping, and I am out once again. But it’s the bright white flash that gets me up and moving.
“What the hell was that?” I slur in a raspy murmur, clutching my hand to my eyes to block out the light surrounding me. It hurts to open my eyes but I know it must be done. I have school today. And tests.
Oh, the tests…
“Five more minutes,” a groggy Zephyr growls next to me, shifting his body and reaching an arm up until he grips my shoulder and pulls me closer to him.
Zephyr? 
This is new.
“Good morning, beloved teenagers,” Hilary announces loudly in the room. My eyes spring open and I see my aunt, but she isn’t alone. Jamie is stand next to her, and behind her are Molly and Antonios. There is too much family in this room. All of them are staring at us with humor in their eyes.
Why is everyone in my room? No, this isn’t my room. I am in the living room. What am I doing in the living room? And why is Zephyr breathing against my neck? I turn to look at his sleeping form, his breath light against my cheek as I stare at him, silently praying he wakes up.
He doesn’t move.
You see, if he was awake, he could help me with whatever is about to happen.
“This isn’t what it looks like,” I blurt, catching the attention the eyes in the room. I lean up on my elbows, hearing Zephyr groan in protest before his breathing evens out.
“We know,” Hilary tells me. “We got a picture, though.” Molly laughs my eyes widen in horror. “It’s quite adorable.” She waves her phone back and forth, mockingly.
“What do you mean?” I ask, shrugging Zephyr’s arm from around my stomach. My body wants to resist the cold.
“Well…” Jamie holds out her iPhone and shows me a picture of Zephyr and me on the couch, pretty much wrapped in each other’s arms. His face is buried against my neck and I am clutching onto him. Against my better judgment, I giggle when I see it—because it is funny—and tell her to send it to me. “Will do,” she replies, tapping on her screen. A few seconds later, my phone sings, vibrating on the table with an incoming text message. Ah, the beauty of technology today.
“We just fell asleep down here,” I tell everyone—though, it’s blatantly obvious. The last thing I remember is Zephyr knocking on the door and walking in. He wanted to hang out but I just fell asleep. I’m a sad girlfriend. “Sorry,” I mutter.
“It’s okay, dear,” Molly tells me. “But could you wake my son for me?” she asks, standing on her tiptoes to get a better look at him.
Antonios waves his arm in the arm. “Can I do it?” he asks his wife. She nods, a smirk tugging at her lips. But her husband’s expression is the one that scares me—no, terrifies me. His brown eyes, so much like Zephyr’s, narrow slowly, and at the same time, his smile slowly blossoms and it’s filled with mischief. Oh, dear. “Joey, you might want to move.” I scramble off the couch, or fall to the floor if I want to be honest, and crawl over to my aunt.
“Now, Antonios, be nice,” Molly begs quietly of her husband, not disturbing Zephyr as she speaks, keeping her voice to a low whisper. However, I hear her giggle as she watches Antonios stalk toward their son with light, catlike steps.
Antonios shakes his head. He pulls something from the pocket of his jacket—an air horn. Where does everyone get those things? No, I have a better question, why does he have it with him now. He holds it over his son’s head, signals for us to plug our ears, and presses the button.
Zephyr jumps up from the couch, somehow leaping through the air, and lands on his back. Hard. Like, painfully hard. We’re all laughing so loud, so hard, that I lose feeling in my stomach. Jamie falls to the floor, taking me down with her.
“Thanks, everyone,” Zephyr mutters, sitting up and rubbing the back of his head, the part that hit the floor.
The rest of the day is uneventful, very boring—very downhill from the morning. I take the usual pop quizzes, acing them all, and soon enough, I am back at school, dressed in a white dress with a music scroll swirling up the side and black flats with skulls on the side. I think my outfit gives me some kind of weird edge. I decide to wear my hair in a side braid. There are only three of us left, a boy named Douglas Stephens from a high school in a neighboring town, he has pale skin, dark blonde hair, and his face is covered in freckles—he’s adorable. He stands three inches taller than me, so he is on the short side. Then there is Adanna Wallace, a girl from the local private school. She has dark, chocolate colored skin and large green eyes, her long dark hair is straightened, falling stick straight down her back. She is taller than Douglas by at least five inches—which means she towers over me without the help of her pink heels.
We’re all nervous, shaking like leaves as we sit together in the green room. We have also become quite chummy with each other through the past three weeks, talking about anything but singing and music. Though I do learn that Adanna is a member of her school’s choir and Douglas is the lead singer of a band that plays local bars in Seattle.
I pale in comparison to them but they don’t seem to mind, we all know we’re talented, and we all know we showcase that talent in different ways. When they sing in front of crowds, I’m usually rocking out in a practice room, to-may-to, to-mah-to.
For the final night, we have to sing two songs. My choices are ZZ Ward’s If I Could Be Her and Gin Wigmore’s Dying Day. The latter might be wrong to sing in a school competition, but I like the song and I can play it on the piano—so win, win.
At the end of the night, after they announce that Douglas Stephens is in third place, it’s down to Adanna Wallace and me.
When Brittany stands before the microphone, the audience grows quiet. No. They are completely silent. If I were to drop a pin on the stage, you could hear it in the back row of the theatre. You can even hear the crinkle of the paper as Brittany tears open the envelope, complete overkill if you ask me. She could just say the winner and we could all move on with our lives.
“And the winner is…” she trails off, pausing for dramatic effect. Give me a break, people.
I steal a glance at Adanna Wallace and give her a reassuring smile. I really don’t care if I win or lose, I didn’t want to do this thing anyway. Sure, I’d like to say that after all the time and effort I have invested into this competition that I want to leave with that stupid trophy in my hands, but I really could care less. This is a high school competition, not American Idol, that is not Ryan Seacrest standing on stage, and neither of us will win a recording contract. I’m not even sure what either of us will win. But Adanna smiles back at me before we both look out to the crowd seated before us. I connect eyes with Zephyr and wave to him. He waves back and shoots me a thumbs up.
“…Adanna Wallace!” Brittany says into the microphone, a slight sound of surprise in her voice. Did she think the winner would be me?
I reach out to hug the winner standing next to me, being a good sport and very proud of her—she is truly spectacular at what she does, and sneak from the stage as they hand her a trophy. Or try to sneak away. They hand me a second place trophy and I walk down the stairs, directly into Zephyr’s waiting arms, letting him envelop me.
“I think you were robbed,” he whispers into my ear as he holds onto me.
I hit him in the arm lightly. “She deserved it, she was fantastic,” I tell him. Is it a tad disappointing? Only a miniscule amount, really. I’m not upset, I mean, I refuse to dwell on it. “But I want to go home, now,” I mumble and let him lead me out of the theatre. I think there was an after party planned, but there are other places I would rather be. The cool night air is crisp against my skin. It is drizzling outside and I forgot my jacket at home, but I refuse Zephyr’s offer of his. I just feel like walking in the rain. I release Zephyr’s hand and begin to drift away, moving farther into the rain, letting it wash over me.
“Jo, come on,” Zephyr calls loudly as I speed up my pace, nearly running through the rain—or frolicking. “You’ll get sick.” He worries too much sometimes.
“But it's fun,” I say from halfway across the parking lot. I stop and raise my arms above my head, feeling the rain hit my skin and soak through the fabric of my dress. It’s freeing, being here, being in this moment. I can feel everything wash through me, like toxins pouring from my skin, and leaving me bare.
Clean.
Zephyr walks up, pulling me into his arms tightly. The rain picks up, pouring down, flattening my curls to my wet body. I can see his hair is plastered to the side of his face. I lean up, standing on the tips of my toes, and press my lips against his. He’s that tender bite of heat you find walking through a snowstorm. That lovely bit of chocolate you let melt on your tongue. He’s home. I wrap my arms around his neck, linking myself to him.
Gently, his tongue meets mine, melding together in a slow and sultry dance. I need to be closer to him. His teeth nip at my lower lip, sucking it into his mouth and I dig my fingers into the flesh of his shoulder, hoping to rise a little higher. My fingers thread through his wet hair, tugging on the tendrils. A moan pulls through his throat, waking my senses.
“You’re wearing a white dress,” he points out after our kiss. I pull away, looking down at my dress, my soaked dress, but it doesn't show anything.
Still, I say, “Maybe, I should head home.” I offer.
Zephyr smiles, agreeing.
Forty-Three
“These two days of school are just pointless,” Zephyr grumbles as he closely follows me up the driveway to my house, his hand threaded with mine. We just finished school the Tuesday before Thanksgiving, and I was happy that a long weekend of food and family was a head of me.
Goody, goody gum drops!
“Shouldn’t you use the past tense,” I ask him as my hands search my pockets half-heartedly for my keys. I unzip the side pocket to my Dakine backpack and tug out the red-and-black lanyard holding my keys, letting them dangle and jingle.
“Maybe you’re right,” Zephyr replies. I look over to him and he shrugs and smiles. I lean over to kiss him on the cheek briefly.
The front door flings open before I can pull away from Zephyr. A loud squeal slices through the air, raising the hair on the back of my neck and sending a tremble of joy down my spine.
That can only be one person.
“There’s my little Joey Bean,” my grandmother, or Grammy as I call her when I’m not jokingly referring to her as Gram Cracker, yells, her Scottish accent not as thick as it used to be. She darts from the front door—surprisingly spry in her ripe old age of sixty (even though it isn’t really that old). She wraps her arms around me in a tight squeeze, rocking me from side to side. “Where do you think you’re going?” She must be talking to Zephyr because I feel him slam against my back, emitting a loud oomph. “I’ve missed you so, so, so much,” she announces loudly.
“Mom, you’re going to suffocate them,” a deep male voice, which can only belong to my Uncle Sam, calls from the door.
“These are my babies,” Grammy yells to her only son.
“Can’t … breathe…” I sputter out, tapping Grammy on the back. I hear Zephyr struggling behind me.
“Okay, fine,” Grammy releases us and I fall back against Zephyr, taking a deep breath. I feel like I’ve just gone against a large boa constrictor—maybe, I should have been calling her that my entire life. “How was your day, kids?”
“Great, Gram Cracker.” I hear Zephyr giggle as I call her the name she despises. I don’t always call her that, it just makes me hungry for s’mores when I do. “Where’s the Popsicle?” Also known as Grandpa … most of the time. Sometimes, I mean an actual popsicle—preferably cherry.
“In the house with Sam and Hilary,” my grandmother points out. “When are you going to stop calling me Gram Cracker?” she asks, following us as we walk toward the house.
“How does never sound to you?” I ask, turning so she can see my smile. I could call her worse names; she has to know that. “Remember how much you love me,” I sing as I hug Sam. Now, while I enjoy making up nicknames for people, his nickname was not my doing. His name is Sam and he is my uncle. “Hi, Unc,” I mutter into his flannel shirt as he hugs me. He smells like pine and Christmas. It’s a bit early, and I am not sure where he’s been to gain that scent, but I don’t mind.
“Hello, little darlin’.” Ah, the familiar accent I’ve missed.
My favorite part of the holidays is when my relatives come to visit, or I visit them. Especially Thanksgiving because my grandparents, my uncle, and the Kalivas family join my aunt and me, and I can’t forget that Patrick is also joining the festivities this year because we all want to see him squirm around Grandpa, even Hilary, and he doesn’t want to go back to New York.
“Sorry to hear about that singing thing—” my uncle starts, but I’m quick to cut him off before he starts sprouting out conspiracy theories.
“Don’t even worry about it. My boyfriend over here”—I hitch my thumb behind me, pointing to Zephyr, the guilt culprit—“signed me up for it without my knowledge.” I shoot a glare over my shoulder.
“Did he, now?” Sam turns toward Zephyr, his mouth a tight, thin line. “Atta boy, Zephyr.” My uncle claps Zephyr on the back in appreciation and praise.
“Hey!” I complain loudly. “I thought you were on my side.” I punch him lightly in the arm.
“I’m on any side that showcases your talents.” I narrow my eyes. “I remember I would visit and you would just be sitting in your room, playing by yourself, and all we’d hear is your voice, all light and airy, floating through the air.”
Zephyr sticks his tongue out at me. How classy.
“Where is my grandbaby?” I hear Grandpa in the kitchen. “Joey!” He calls, his voice gruff and breathy, like he had ran here just to see me, while his accent is smooth and familiar, also a little worn.
“Coming!” I dart through the people standing in the kitchen—my aunt, my uncle, and my grandmother—and launch myself into my grandfather’s waiting arms. His familiar scent wafts from his shirt and I take a deep breath, smelling the tobacco on his shirt. It shouldn’t smell like home, but it does. Grammy has been trying to get him to quit for years; he just keeps it up, smoking, even though we all want him to live longer.
“I’ve missed you.” His hand pats me on the head before it lightly taps my back.
“Me, too, Grandpa.” I lean back and smile up at him, taking in his bald, shining head that glints in the kitchen light. I need to call them more.
It’s great to have my family here, all in one place. We all sit in the living room, even Zephyr, who should really be home with his parents right now, but we all sit together, swapping stories of the past year, trying to catch up with each other in a way that can’t be done over the telephone. It takes no time. The same questions are asked around, such as “When are you going to settle down, boy?” Grammy will ask Sam, who’s only twenty-five. He won’t answer. “What about you, girl?” she’ll ask Hilary. She won’t answer either. Instead, she’ll blush brightly.
Then they start congratulating and complimenting everyone. “Congratulations on graduating early, Joey,” Grandpa will tell me and Grammy will tell my aunt “I heard about that new award nomination, Hilary.”
After a few hours of talking and laughing and joking, it is finally time for bed. I send Zephyr home and walk my grandparents up to their room, the only guestroom in the house, while Sam camps out on the couch. I sometimes feel bad about it but the though quickly passes when I remember sleeping on that lumpy thing. Even with Zephyr, it hurt like a bitch.
On Thanksgiving morning, I awake to the delicious, mouthwatering scent of bacon. That is enough to lure me from my room tugging a sweatshirt over my head and yanking down the hem of my Powerpuff Girls sleep shorts.
“I smell bacon,” I murmur like a zombie toward the giant mound of crispy bacon on the counter next to the stove. It’s the first thing I see, and with instinct and my arms outstretched, I wander to it, partially dazed.
I look to my grandmother, fully dressed in a floral dress and a cardigan. She smiles at me, the same she does on every holiday and summer vacation. I walk over to her and wrap my arms around her shoulders, trying to butter her up because I want as much bacon as I can get. Right now, I want the entire damned plate.
Grandma looks to me and nudges the plate in my direction, and like a lion, I attack, pouncing on the bacon like it’s a fresh zebra carcass. Not to go on my own bacon appreciation moment, but I love it more than pancakes. Hell, I would kick a squirrel for some bacon.
The day before, we spent hours—literally long hours—at the store purchasing everything we need for this upcoming weekend. We took two cars and maxed out two credit cards, that is how big and expensive the shopping trip was. 
I take a good layer of bacon—one very large handful—and start snacking, leaning against the counter while my grandmother cooks at the stove. I’m sure the sight is entertaining.
“Don’t fill up on bacon alone, honey,” Grandma tells me. I can’t help thinking, That would be the greatest breakfast, ever! I quickly quiet the thought because she would force me to indulge in some fruit, and in all our haste, we forgot to buy apples. She keeps her voice quiet to let my uncle continue sleeping soundly on the sofa in the living room. “I also fixed up some eggs and grits”—I am in heaven—“I’ll start the pancakes and French toast in a moment.” Yum!
Hearing her say fixed up makes me giggle. While Grammy is from Scotland, born and raised, just like Grandpa, she has lived in the United States, primarily Texas, long enough to speak like one of her neighbors or members of her book club. I’m just waiting for the accents to combine.
“Did I ever mention how much I love you?” I tell her with a piece of bacon dangling from my lips.
The front door opens and I raise an eyebrow, catching a smirk play across my grandmother’s lips. “I remember the deal around here,” my grandmother tells me, her accent kicking in, as Zephyr and Jamie walk into the kitchen, both wearing jeans and t-shirts. It’s always customary we spend Thanksgiving together, and I am not entirely sure when it started. Behind them, their older brother, Aidan, walks in. He looks the same, only taller with more hair and it’s as unruly as ever. I stand up and hug him, nearly tackling him in the doorway.
“Wow,” Aidan sputters as I crash into him. “Is this Joey?” he asks.
“Shut up. Can’t a girl miss her neighbor?” I reply.
I hear Zephyr ask someone, “Should I be worried?” before he laughs.
“Grammy,” Jamie announces loudly—I think my uncle is awake by now—wrapping her thin arms around my grandmother’s shoulders as I had done. “How have you been since we last saw you?” she asks.
“Been well, dear,” she replies, taking a good look at Jamie and her tiny frame. “Have you been eating? It’s good I’m here to put some meat on those bones.”
Zephyr starts laughing—he snorts, in fact, receiving an angry look from his sister. “Good luck with that.” He grabs the plate of bacon from the counter and places it on the table between us. Jamie joins us and it’s like a normal school day morning. Soon, everyone is up and eating, even Molly and Antonios join us, and I head up to change into more appropriate attire.
“So where’ve you been applying, Joey?” my grandfather asks as I set a vegetable platter on the dining room table. He is seated during a commercial break during the football game while Sam, Aidan, Antonios, Zephyr, Patrick, and Hilary wait for the commercials to end.
“Uh, mostly Pacific Northwest schools,” I answer, grabbing an olive and popping it into my mouth. “I really want to go to University of Oregon.” I resist the urge to quack like a duck. It wouldn’t surprise any of them.
“No schools in Texas?” my grandmother asks from the stove. I return to helping her cook. Mostly, I just stand by and place things on plates while Molly works on a pie and Jamie watches her. Jamie and I are really useless in the kitchen.
“Not really,” I answer honestly.
“Well, whatever makes you happy, dear.” She pats me on the head. “Now take this over to your grandfather for me, please.” Handing me a large salad that would make a rabbit happy. My grandfather, not so much.
That night, when we all sit down for the delicious dinner, things get interesting. Patrick’s seated between me and Hilary and Grandpa refuses to look anywhere else but at him. From what I can tell, they didn’t talk much during the game. I think he—Patrick—is terrified of my grandfather. As well he should be.
“He’s scaring me,” I hear Patrick whisper to Hilary—thus affirming my theory. She giggles in response, shooting a glance to Grandpa as he winks to her.
“He’s really harmless,” I tell him, trying to reassure him. “At least he wasn’t cleaning his gun, or guns, at the table.” He does reside in Texas, he is a big fan of guns—when they are used for the right reasons.
The nervous smile falls from his face and he gulps. “That’s not helpful, Joey.” I could hear the fear in Patrick’s voice. It took all my effort not to laugh. Because Grandpa is a sweetheart.
After all the fear and joking, Grandpa finally warmed up to Patrick. It wasn’t as if Grandpa didn’t like him, he was just trying to put the fear of God in him, which worked. I’ve never seen any one more terrified. And then, there was the usual threat of “If you hurt her, they will never find you,” from Sam, which works considering he’s a Marine.
But still, it was a great holiday.
Forty-Four
Something is wrong—very wrong. I can tell as I lift my head from the pillow. Once I leave my safe haven, everything will be severely different. But how? Mommy always makes the troubles go away. She always kisses my forehead and whispers a lullaby to help me fall back asleep when I wake up from a scary dream. So if I seek her out on my own, she can make this eerie pain with no source go away, right?
That’s what Mommies do.
Clutching Mr. Snuffle Hiccups to my tiny frame, I pad across the room from the closet, a safe place I hide from the scary, loud sounds Mommy and Daddy make when they’re angry at each other—something I haven’t heard since Daddy left—to the hallway to scurry to Mommy’s side.
I need Mommy.
The light above the stairs is lit bright, something I find unusual. Daddy hated leaving the light on. He wouldn’t even let me sleep with a nightlight when I asked, begged, even cried for one because of the monster in the house. I guess I can thank him because the dark no longer scares me, but I still want to know why the light is on…
Maybe Noah or Ivy left the light on.
I push open the door to my parents’ room—or Mommy’s room now—shuffling inside but leaving the door open like I always do in case Ivy or Noah get scared and need Mommy like I do.
My hands reach up to the white comforter that covers the bed, tugging lightly until I can pull it back, trying not to drop Mr. Snuffle Hiccups—my lifeline. A chocolate hand falls to the side, dangling from the bed, something dark drips from the tips of her fingers to the white carpet beneath my feet. It smells like wet metal when I breathe, the scent thick and strong when I move closer to Mommy.
“Mommy?” I whisper lightly, hoping she can hear me. Maybe the soft sound of my voice is enough to wake her. “Mommy?” My tiny hand grasps hers, pulling her lightly in attempts to wake her up.
She doesn’t move.
Something sticky coats my fingers, though. I pull my hand back and rub my hands together, feeling the warm liquid stick to my fingers but I don’t want it on my hands. Slowly, I rub my hands down my white nightgown, watching the liquid slide down the fabric in a streak of faded pink.
I pull the blanket back, dropping Mr. Snuffle Hiccups when the sight of red overwhelms, the scent of wet metal flooding the air. It’s everywhere. On my Mommy’s skin, on her pajamas, dripping onto the carpet, my feet, and my Barbie nightgown. Where is it all coming from? How can I stop it?
Mommy isn’t safe.
“Mommy!” I say louder, still hoping she will wake up. I tug on her hand but she doesn’t move. She doesn’t even make a sound.
JoJo, what do you do when someone is in trouble? I hear Mommy’s voice in my head. She wanted me to be safe and to know what to do to remain safe. But what do I do?
I call ... memory-me replies, trying to pass Mommy’s test. Then it hits me.
I grab the large, white cordless phone on the bedside table. I wipe my hands on my pink-and-white Barbie nightgown, streaking across Princess Barbie’s face, then dial 9-1-1 just like Mommy taught me.
“911. What is your emergency?” a deep male voice on the other line asks.
What do I tell him? I don’t know what happened to Mommy.
“My Mommy won’t wake up,” I say quietly, feeling the tears spring and run down my face. I want to be strong for her. I need to be strong for her right now. But the tears won’t stop. Maybe I should make Ivy talk to them, she is older than I am, she would definitely know what to do, what to say, right now. “And she’s covered in red.”
“Did you try to wake her up?” he asks.
“I tried and she won’t wake up.” My hand reaches for my Mommy’s hand, clasping and pulling, seeing if she’s only playing with me. It would be a mean trick but I would hug her and crawl into bed because she is Mommy and I love her.
“What’s your name, honey?”
“JoJo,” I tell him. “JoJo Lucas.”
“Well, JoJo,” he starts, sounding so far away. “Is there anyone else in the house with you? Other than your mom?” the voice asks. “Can you tell me your address?”
My address? I should know this. Mommy told me when I started school. She even wrote it inside my pink backpack. But I can’t remember it.
“No, I don’t know it,” I squeak out, my tears flowing faster down my cheeks. I can’t help my mommy because they can’t get to us. I can’t remember my address to save Mommy.
“Is there anyone else in the house with you, JoJo?” he asks.
“My brother and sister,” I answer, my trembling legs carrying me away from the bed. Some part of me tells me it isn’t a good thing to be near, in fact, it’s really scary. “But they’re asleep in their rooms.”
I start crying loudly, sobbing into the phone. The man on the line starts shushing me, telling me everything will be okay, all right, but I know it won’t be. Because Mommy won’t wake up and I doubt she ever will.
I hear, “Josie?” behind me.
It scares me and I almost drop the phone on the floor.
I turn around, facing the voice. “Daddy?” I say, looking up at my Daddy as he stands in the doorway, staring down at me. Something glints in his hand, something silver and red. He is covered in red, not as much as Mommy, but enough for me to see. “Daddy, what’s in your hand?” I ask.
“Josie, hang up the phone,” Daddy says, using his scary voice, the one that he uses on Mommy before he’s mean to her.
“My Daddy’s here,” I say to the man on the other line.
“I’m sending an officer, JoJo,” the man tells me. “Don’t hang up the—”
A hand smacks the phone from my hands to the ground. “How many times have I told you not to play with the damned phone, Josie?” he yells loudly.
“What’s wrong with Mommy?” my tiny voice squeaks out in a cry. I start moving backward, trying to get away from whatever he is holding. It doesn’t look nice. It looks painful. I know it’ll hurt me.
“Nothing is wrong with Mommy,” he snaps at me, spitting on me as his words leave his lips. “Do you want to see her?” he asks.
“I want my mommy!” I cry. My tiny voice amplifies in the dark room as I start to cry harder.
“Stop whining, you little brat.” His face contorts into something mean, something evil. Something I haven’t seen before. He isn’t my Daddy anymore. He is something else. Something I don’t want to be around. His face splits into a wicked grin, bearing his teeth like a dog before it attacks. That happened to me once—and it’s still terrifying. “I’ve been looking for you everywhere, Josie?” His free hand reaches toward me.
“What’s wrong with Mommy?” I cry, sobbing louder. I am against a corner, cowering like the little girl I am, while Daddy moves closer and closer.
“My God, you were always such a little baby,” he grumbles, reaching for the phone on the floor and turning it off, glaring at me when he throws it against the wall—hard. I scream as it shatters and the pieces fly everywhere.
His arm rises, the metal glinting in the minimal light that filters through the blinds into the room. I remember Mommy telling me the light came from the closest streetlamp on the street. With nothing left to do and no Mommy to help me, I scream as loud as I can, feeling the air burn my lungs as my voice leaves my throat. I scream, and I scream, waiting, waiting for…
I shoot up in my bed, my hand clutching my locket, my breathing erratic, and surprisingly, I’m not screaming, because no one has rushed into my room to check on me.
What the fuck was that? What was in my head?
It was so … vivid.
Holy shit.
Taking a deep breath, trying to calm down, I drop from the bed and my knees hitting the carpeted floor. My legs are shaking too much to manage walking, so I crawl to the closet. I grab the green blanket from the top of the bin, dig my hand in the box on top and pull out my stuffed Mr. Snuffleupagus I renamed Mr. Snuffle Hiccups when I was a kid because it was very hard to say Snuffleupagus at three years old. I tug the door closed behind me and fold myself into a ball, clutching the stuffed Sesame Street character my chest with one hand while the other holds the locket. I do this until I can fall asleep.
I never do.
Forty-Five
The month of December starts with me at the mall, trying to shop for a birthday present for Zephyr, but I am still not sure what to buy him. I continue to trek from store to store, scoping out random knickknacks, but nothing really screams Zephyr! to me. In the past, I’ve given him books about art and artists, baseball caps, even a little ceramic football. This year, I want to get him something awesome, something I haven’t thought of before, something he will love and use. But I can’t find that special … thing. Luckily, I have a couple weeks until his birthday. I am just planning early.
Harley, Zephyr, and I have been planning to retrieve my file from my shrink’s office. We’ve decided to wait until after the holidays. I mean, I’m heading out of town, Harley is going to be visiting family, and Zephyr can’t do it by himself, no matter what he says.
So we plan to start our mission in January.
In the meantime, I decide to Christmas shop.
I drag Zephyr to the mall with me against his will. For Harley, I buy a Slipknot t-shirt I know she doesn’t already own. It’s large—it will swallow her—with all nine members’ faces on the front. I purchase a Hello Kitty wallet for Jamie because she loves Hello Kitty and, since she’s had her wallet for three months, I know she thinks she is overdue for a new one. For Kennie, I buy her a bottle of bacon perfume—because they make that now—and a pink belt. For my aunt, along with bacon Chapstick, I buy her a new scarf from Fuego in her favorite color: purple. I even bough myself a Christmas present, The Gashlycrumb Tinies by Edward Gorey. While waiting for Zephyr to walk up, I read the entire thing twice.
Halfway through the mall trip, Zephyr disappeared to do a bit of Christmas shopping of his own. When he walks up, carrying five different bags, I can’t help but wonder what’s hiding within them.
“Want to stop by the food court?” Zephyr asks me. “Maybe grab a slice of pizza,” he offers, lacing his fingers with mine and tugging me closer to his side as we trail behind a young couple pushing a baby carriage.
“I’m not really all that hungry,” I tell him, slightly wishing I had an apple. I’m not hungry for junk food, I should tell him. “Can we just head home,” I ask, trying for sweet and innocent before I continue with, “and possibly share what’s in the bags. I feel we’re at that point in our relationship.” I lean closer to him, trying for a sneak peek at his.
“Nice try.” He laughs and leads me through Sears to the escalator, leaving the second floor to the parking garage where his sister’s car is parked. “I can’t wait to get my own car,” he whines as he opens the door for me. 
“What would you get?” I wonder aloud as he slides into the driver’s seat, “some shiny sports car that goes zero to sixty in two seconds?”
“I didn’t know I was going through a midlife crises.” He laughs and I shrug lightly. I don’t think I could handle a Zephyr with a sports car. “I was thinking something a little … different.”
It wasn’t until a week later that I learned what different meant to him.
To me, it translated to scared shitless.
“On a surprisingly sunny day, still freezing, I was standing in the yard. Well, not standing, more like tripping over a frozen apple I neglected to trash when it fell from the tree in the center of the yard. I was on the way to the mailbox and, as luck would have it, falling on my ass. Obstacles don’t help the uncoordinated. While standing in the yard trying to brush off the back of my pants, an engine revving down the street caught my attention. It wasn’t that an engine was starting up and coming to life. It was that the sound came from the engine of a motorcycle. Who would be dumb enough to ride a motorcycle this time of year? I look toward the sound and watch as—aha, I was right!—a motorcycle zoomed right by my house.
I could hear it turning around in the cul de sac and when it came back down the street, it stopped in front of my house. The helmet lifted and Zephyr shook out his hair as he grinned mischievously at me.
I gawked at the sight in front of me.
“Are you serious?” I nearly yell, walking down my driveway to check out his bike. Zephyr has a bike now. Yeah, that is not going to sit well with me. “Why?” I ask with a forced laugh.
“I’ve always wanted one,” Zephyr tells me, kicking the kickstand down before standing away from it, lovingly admiring it. He even drags his hand along the side of the glossy finish. “I finally got the endorsement last week and this is an early birthday gift from my parents.”
“Molly and Antonios actually bought that for you?” I ask, believing his parents have both gone insane. Actually, from the sound of it, his parents have been replaced by aliens because there is no way, not even a cold day in hell, would his parents willingly let him get this two-wheeled death machine.
“Why wouldn’t they?” He looks to the bike. “I’m the baby. They love to spoil me.”
That’s true. But I thought they would rather he—oh, I don’t know—stay alive, damn it!
“I still can’t believe it,” I whisper, sliding my hand slowly across the smooth, glossy finish.
“It’s a Kawasaki Ninja 1000,” he tells me, gushing. His eyes trail over it in a weird way. Nearly perverted. Is it possible for a man to have an affair with a motorcycle? From the way he’s looking at it, I know I am about to be replaced.
“I thought only girls like things vibrating between their legs,” I comment, catching the narrowing of his eyes as he glares. If he tells me, Don’t talk like that around my baby!—I may punch him in the balls.
He leaves it alone.
“Want to go for a ride with me?” Zephyr asks me, holding out a different helmet. This one is pink and un-Zephyr-like that I know he bought it for me.
“Where did that come from?” I ask, puzzled, my finger pointing to the helmet thrust in my direction. He didn’t have it a moment ago…
“That’s avoiding the question,” he singsongs, waggling his eyebrows.
“How many times have you driven this thing?” I ask hesitantly. I didn’t plan on dying today.
“Enough.” Now that is avoiding the question.
“Translation: three times,” I mumble, turning my attention to my boyfriend. He grins happily at me, the grin making me shudder. “Maybe?”
“I drove it here from the lot,” he tries to convince me. As if that could persuade me to risk my life or place it within Mother Nature’s hands. Is he aware we live in Washington and it is December? “I got this helmet just for you,” Zephyr singsongs while holding the helmet above my head.
The only appealing thing about this is the fact I get to hold on to Zephyr. “Fine,” I mutter, grabbing the helmet and clamping it onto my head. “Where are you going to take me?” I ask.
“That’s a surprise, my dear.”
Goody, goody.
He climbs onto the motorcycle and I climb on behind him. I am shaking like a leaf, but it isn’t me. It feels awkward to straddle something big and vibrating.
[Face palm.]
Ignore the double meaning behind that.
He cranks the engine, places his hand on my thigh and slides it forward to my knee, and squeezes. I wrap my arms around his body to keep from flying off the back during high speeds—and I know he’ll ignore the limits. As I guessed, he speeds down the neighborhood and I am certain he can hear me squeak with every turn he makes. For some reason, I start counting in German, don’t know why, but I get to neunundfünfzig before he finally stops and parks.
I was counting slowly. Better to maintain my breathing.
“Where are we?” I ask as I struggle from the back of the motorcycle, falling on my ass when my legs fail to find the ground. Zephyr immediately starts laughing. I didn’t know injury was so funny to him. Still, I shoot him a glare, as you should normally do in the situation.
“At Logan Park,” Zephyr answers, stopping his chuckles. He reaches his hands out for me to take. I do. He pulls me up from the ground before taking off my helmet for me. Hey, at least I was safe when I fell.
“In the middle of December?” I ask, dumbfounded. “We’ll freeze, Zephyr.”
He smiles at me, turns, and grabs something. “I thought of that.” He drapes a flannel blanket over my shoulders, rubbing his hands up and down my arms. “You’ll be nice and toasty warm, now.”
Sometimes he’s just so sweet to me.
But where did he get the blanket?
I think I’m dating a magician.
Zephyr leads me by the hand toward a patch of dry grass beneath a large evergreen tree. It smells like winter, piney with a hint of rain. He sits down and tugs me to sit between his legs, wrapping his arms around my body to pull me closer and nuzzle my neck. Letting his lips find the spot just below my right ear.
“I can’t wait until summer so we can do this on the beach in bathing suits,” he whispers into my ear.
I tense with nervousness. Bathing suits? Uhm… “When have you ever seen me in a swim suit?” I ask, rolling my eyes at the guy behind me. Is it too soon to tell him he will never see me in a bikini?
“Fair point.” He nods. I feel the movement against my cheek. “Naked, then?” he presses.
“That’s pushing it, buddy,” I tell him, laughing.
I lean my head back on to his shoulder, feeling his heartbeat in his chest against my back. The few remaining birds chirp in the trees above our heads. It really is a beautiful day despite the large, gray clouds rolling in.
“It looks like rain,” Zephyr observes quietly. It even smells like rain. The scent of moist grass, soaked cement, and fallen leaves mixed together wafts through the air.
“It does,” I reply, hearing the first drops subtly hit the leaves on the surrounding trees. Soon, we’ll be soaked to the bone, but in this one moment, this one brief moment when Zephyr and I connect, I don’t care. I just love the feel of his arms around me, pulling me closer. Because he loves me.
I look over at him, smile, and lean up to press my lips against his, feeling the softness, like silk, of his lips, as he invites me in his tongue meeting mine as the first rain drop hits my neck.
Forty-Six
I zip up my bag—after setting very heavy objects on top of it to weigh it down—and set it next to the door. There are only five more hours before I hop on a plane to Texas for winter break. Just as we’ve done since I moved in with Hilary. We are going to fly down there to spend two weeks with my grandparents for the holidays. They came up here for Thanksgiving—we always go down there for Christmas. That’s the Archembault way.
I don’t want to leave Zephyr for two weeks, I don’t even like the idea of it, but that’s the main reason Skype was created. Not entirely true, but don’t rain on my parade, people.
“Are you ready?” Hilary asks, leaning against the doorframe, and crossing her arms as she stares at me.
“Just zipped the suitcase,” I tell her, pointing to the large pink-and-gray suitcase in front of her. She looks down, scrunching her mouth to the side when she realizes she could see it from the hallway.
She shrugs it off. “Cool, we’ll head out in an hour or so,” she tells me. “Do whatever you need to do now, okay.”
I fight the urge to salute. Instead I smile and grab the large wrapped tube on my bed. I dart down the stairs, passing Hilary as she steps into her room. I cross the yards, sliding slightly on the wet grass, and knock on Zephyr’s front door. Molly opens the door, gracing the world with beauty as she stands before me in a gown—an actual ballroom gown.
Did I miss a gala?
“Well, hello,” Molly beams. She opens the door wider.
“You look beautiful, Molly,” I tell her, in awe of the gown. She looks stunning in red.
“Oh, this.” She looks down to the dress like she forget she was wearing it. “My friend designed it and she needed a model.” She shrugs. You can’t go wrong with Molly Kalivas, former runway model. “Are you ready for your trip to Texas?” she asks, inviting me inside.
“I’m never ready for Texas,” I respond, slightly bitter. “Is Zephyr here?” I ask, waving the wrapped gift in my hands.
At school, I gave everyone gifts. I watched as Harley smiled over her new t-shirt and Kennie scoffed at the bacon perfume. She still loved it, I know her. It will sit on her vanity next to the other perfume bottles with pride. I just didn’t give Zephyr his gift because I wanted it to be private. He, in agreement, is waiting to give me mine.
So as I run up the stairs to his room, I try and hide my excitement. It isn’t easy. I knock on the door, hearing something rustle behind the door, before it swings wide open, displaying a shirtless Zephyr… my favorite kind of Zephyr.
“Get in here.” Zephyr grabs my hand to pull me into his room. He closes the door and presses me against it, firmly pressing his lips against mine. His fingers trail to my neck, pulling me closer until we part. “I can’t do that for two weeks, I need to kiss you as much as I can while you’re still in this time zone.”
“It’s going to suck, I know,” I whine like a toddler. I reach my hand up and cup his cheek, feeling the scruff scratch against my palm. “But I got you this,” I say after a moment of staring into his chocolate eyes. “I hold up the wrapped tube, using it to playfully hit him in the head.
“I got you that.” He points to a long box on his bed wrapped in beautiful red-and-green Christmas paper.
I press the tube into his hands and run to his bed, snatching the box away from the top blanket. I’m too eager to open it.
“I can’t wait for you to open yours,” I tell him, a large smile stuck on my face. He will love what I got him. I know it.
For his birthday, with Christmas right around the corner, I decided to combine his gifts. I also won’t be here for his birthday, which makes me feel like one shitty girlfriend. But to make up for it, I bought him two posters. One is a poster of Alphonse Mucha’s Les Saisons. Alphonse Mucha isn’t Zephyr’s favorite artist, but it ties in with the second poster. The other is Jeph Jacques’ take on Les Saisons featuring characters from his web comic Questionable Content. I wrapped them both in a tube covered in birthday wrapping paper. Just to make it more holiday friendly, I wrote Jesus beneath the Happy Birthday.
“You first,” he offers, using the box in his hands to point at me.
“Okay.” I rip open the paper and find a poster tube. Maybe we think alike. I pull off the top and pull out two posters. One is a poster of Hannelore from Questionable Content sledding down a hill holding a cup of beer in the air—which is spilling—while Marten, Dora, and Steve, other characters, watch from the top of the hill. Drunken sledding or Speed Beer as they call it on the strip.
The second poster is a black-and-white silhouette of a giant wolf following a little girl wearing a cape and hood. Obviously the story of Little Red Riding Hood but upon closer inspection, I can see tiny words. After reading a few, I can see that the picture is comprised of the Grimm’s Fairy Tales. I saw one of these a while back, one of Crime and Punishment. I smile.
“Do you like it?” Zephyr asks, smiling at me from his chair.
I nod quickly, biting my lip as I stare at the posters. They are awesome.
“Now, you open yours.” I demand, setting my gift aside.
He rips through the wrapping paper, pulling out his own posters and holding them up to see them better. “I guess that we think alike, huh?” he asks, grabbing the tape from his desk and taping them to the wall by his bed. “I love them.” He sticks the final corner and leans down to kiss me lightly. “Just like I love you.”
His words never fail to make me blush.
“I love you, too.” He crashes onto the bed. I bounce up and down, not of my own volition. He grabs my shoulders and presses his lips to mine. It’s shocking but sweet. He sucks my bottom lip between his teeth, softly biting until, soon, his lips my find my neck. “What are you doing?” I stammer out nervously while my hands move on their own, snaking up his back. My fingers thread into his hair, fisting the silky tendrils.
“Nothing,” he murmurs against my neck, trailing soft, sweet kisses down my shoulder, tasting my skin as he moves along. His hands grip my waist and pull me onto his lap. He slides down the strap to my tank top and kisses down my arm.
“This doesn’t feel like nothing, come on,” I beg quietly, wishing my mouth would stop talking, stop forming words, because I now believe that heaven is Zephyr’s lips dancing along my skin, leaving a trace so tiny, I blush trying to remember if they were ever there. “Your parents are home.” Why won’t my mouth stop working? I don’t want him to stop. No, sirree.
“Only my mom,” Zephyr says. His eyes peek up at me through his long lashes. His lips leave my arm and find mine again, briefly before he says, “And that’s the joy of a door with a lock.”
He rolls me onto my back before I can protest—not like I would. His lips find my neck again, trailing lazily where they want to go. I let out a low moan, my hands gripping, clutching, onto his bare back. He feels like fire when I touch him but I don’t want to turn away from him, I need him, here with me.
What am I saying? I’m not even sure anymore.
His hands glide down my arms, leaving a trail of electricity as they scour over my body, seeking new territory. He groans as my nails claw down his back and I can’t describe what that sound does to my body. Heat blossoms within me and spreads faster than wildfire. I arch my back, feeling his body press against mine.
Zephyr moves toward my mouth, my lips, and, rather than push him away, like I know I should, I let him kiss me again, his tongue diving into my mouth in search of mine. I know he’s savoring me, devouring me, before I leave him for break.
“I am so about to be banned from your house,” I mutter against his lips, feeling his smile against mine. He laughs, back away to look in my eyes.
“Can’t happen,” he tells me, rolling away. “You mean too much to me.” His hand reaches up and he runs a finger gently down my cheek, lightly tickling me.
“I have a plane to catch,” I whisper when he stops rubbing my cheek.
His hand reaches down my chest, tugging at the long chain around my neck. He grabs the locket, holding it in his hands and staring at the owl on the front of it. “If you miss it, will you stay?” he asks me, his eyes fixed on the owl. His thumb rubs over it lightly.
“You know I can’t do that, Zeph,” I murmur, really wishing I could stay with him, just like this, forever. There’s peace in his eyes when he looks at me, a quiet peace that makes me feel at home. I don’t want to leave that, I just want to stay in his arms where I belong.
“I’ll miss you, Jo,” he whispers quietly.
“I’m only going to Texas,” I tell him, leaning up on my elbows to look him in his chocolate eyes. “I’ll be back before New Year’s. It’s not that long. And we’ll start this New Year off right.” Hopefully, with a lot of kissing.
Zephyr smiles, his happiness dwindling slightly as he realizes I’m about to be across the country. He leans forward until his forehead presses against mine. “I can’t wait.” His hand pulls lightly on the chain until I move closer and kiss him, teasing his bottom lip with my teeth.
It takes a few moments for me to realize we’re lying in his bed, practically spooning. His hands rub up and down my arms softly. Right now, we’re in an intimate setting, anything could happen. Does he want something to happen? Do I want something to happen? I do, really, but if he wants to do something now, you know, before I jump a plane to head over two thousand miles across the country, I’m not sure how I would feel about that. Wait.
I can’t do stuff, no, not yet. Clearly, from the way he’s touching me—this could be considered heavy petting, right?—he wants something to happen. Like, right now … right here … on this bed.
Looking into his eyes, I see love, so much love for me, that I quiet the argument warring in my head. 
Maybe we should have the talk.
Although, I have no idea exactly what to talk about.
Guess it’s time to wing it.
“Hey, Zeph,” I start when I move away, putting some safe distance between us. I’m nervous with the things bouncing in my brain, the worries about him and me and … the act of … well, you know. “There’s one thing we haven’t discussed since we started, you know, dating,” I mutter quietly, feeling my cheeks heat in a flush, the burn trailing down my neck.
“How you have great taste in guys?” Out comes that cocky grin of his I both love and hate. “I think we’ve got that covered.” His hand reaches out to tuck my hair behind my ear, his fingers lingering for the feel of my skin.
I lean away. His touch is too distracting. I sit up on the edge of his bed, putting more distance between us, even my back to him. “No, I mean, like…” I trail off, darting my eyes around the room looking at random objects. Why does wanting to talk about this embarrass me? It’s a natural thing between two people in love. It happens, Joey, just remember that, I tell myself.
The bed shifts and dips as Zephyr’s head becomes more visible. I try not to look at him but I can never avoid his face—his eyes especially. They eyes narrow as he looks at me, trying to figure me out. Shit, I knew this was a stupid thing to do. “I don’t…” Then his eyes widen with understanding. That smile plays on his lips, widening into a large grin. Sometimes, I really want to smack it from his face. “Are you talking about sex?” he nearly whispers, excitement and shock clear in his voice.
“Well, yeah,” I quietly admit, turning my gaze to the poster on the wall—but I can’t focus on it—as I feel my blush move further south, covering my torso. I bet I am as red as a cherry.
He wraps his arm around my waist and pulls me closer to him, until I’m leaning against him. “And why do you want to talk about sex?” he asks, waggling his eyebrows.
Is he mocking me?
“Because, well…” I can’t talk about this, damn it. It is official, like very official. I am not a teenager. Not a normal teenager that can go around school talking about who slept with whom and how many times at whatever party over the weekend. If I were to talk about … the, uh, act of coitus—I watch too much of The Big Bang Theory—I may just run from the room before any details are exchanged.
I may run now.
“Joey,” he starts, his voice sounding serious. “Do you want to have sex?” he asks. There’s no hint of humor in his words or his eyes.
“Well, not now,” I blurt out loudly, feeling the blush rush to my toes. I didn’t even know that was possible. I clap my hands over my mouth as Zephyr starts laughing. “I mean, I don’t know. Don’t you?” I ask quietly when I’m sure that my mouth won’t betray me again by blabbing and confessing anything more.
“I’m a guy.” He sits up, facing me, laughing lightly. “It’s genetically wired within me.” I know that, dude. “And when I see you, I just want to lie in bed and do very fun and naughty things with you.” I blush more while wondering who says naughty anymore. “But I refuse to pressure you.”
“But, about…” I start, not really sure where I want to go with this conversation. I’m not sure what I want to tell him, or what I even want to say.
“Jo, from this,” he begins, gripping my hands in his, forcing me to look at him, “I can tell that you’re not ready for sex.” He may have a point there. “We can wait until we are both ready and you can actually say the word sex.”
My mouth drops open, I’m offended … okay, really. Or maybe I am. I think. Ugh. “I can say the word.” I tell him, trying to defend myself. My blush grows hotter, meaning that I’m the brightest of reds.
He raises his eyebrows. “But not in reference to yourself.” He makes another great point, damn it. “Go on. Say it.”
“Say what?” I ask sheepishly, casting my gaze down to the comforter on his bed.
“Whatever you’re trying to tell me,” he says. “And you suck at this, by the way.”
I narrow my eyes, glaring at him because I don’t want to say. Not out loud. He has to know that about me. But his eyes, they scan me, prying at my secrets. So I relent and say, “Well, one day … in the future … you know … with you.” Dear God, this is going horribly. I could slap myself. “I would like to have … um…”
Damn! I hate it when he’s right!
Zephyr leans close, his breath blowing against my ear. “Sex,” he finishes for me, smirking.
I blush. “Yes, that,” I answer quickly. Zephyr starts laughing, his forehead drops to my shoulder. “This isn’t funny.” I whack him on the top of his head, watching his shoulders shake as he laughs at me, makes fun of me. Before too long, I can’t help it, either, I start giggling. Laughter erupts through my body. It’s funny and it feels good to laugh with him. He is right. If I can’t say it then I probably shouldn’t be doing it.
Ha, get it?
“Really, I should’ve taped this,” he mumbles between bursts of laughter. “Because that was hilarious.” Does he notice my embarrassment or is he ignoring it? His laughter finally calms, his breathing slowly returning to normal before his gaze settles on me and my face. “Look, I love you and I’ll wait forever if I have to.” His hand starts to caress mine, his fingers lightly gliding along my palm. The feeling of his touch is so light it feels like a feather against my skin.
I smile, thinking of how lucky I am but I can’t stop the words leaving my lips. “Uh, you haven’t…?” What am I asking? Why the hell did I start that? I don’t want to know. Wait, yes I do. No, no I don’t. Shit.
Please say no! Please say no! Please say no!
Zephyr looks down, avoiding my eyes. Oh, shit! “I won’t go as far as to say that I haven’t…” he draws out, taking a brief pause to figure out the phrasing, “because it would be a lie.” My smile falls from my face. I’m not mad, just a little sad. I always guessed but I was never certain. “But I thought it was the thing to do at the time.” Don’t say whom. Please don’t tell me who it was. I may just have to hunt her down and punch her pretty face in. “It’s a stupid excuse, I know that, but it happened.”
I release the breath I’ve been holding. “So I won’t be your first,” I mutter sadly. And pathetically—I’ll admit it.
“You’ll be the first girl that I love,” he whispers, leaning closer to me. “And when we do ma—”
I quickly clamp a hand over his mouth to prevent the next word. “I will say sex before I ever say that.” I pull my hand away from his mouth.
“What?” he asks. “Making lo—”
“Don’t even.” I squirm in front of him. “That one just sounds weird and old, and I don’t know about you, but I haven’t aged twenty years.”
That makes him laugh again. Why does he find me I so funny right now? “You’re so adorable, you know that?” Zephyr pulls me closer. It’s some place I want to be.
I beam up at him, grinning like a little kid looking underneath the Christmas tree on Christmas morning. “I’ve heard that from time to time, yes.”
“I should let you catch your plane.” But he doesn’t release. After five minutes, I pry his unwilling arms from around my waist and stand away from the bed to gain much needed distance before I do something that surprises the both of us.
I turn to face my boyfriend. This will be the last time I see him for two weeks. He stands up, following me the five steps to his bedroom door. I turn around, leaning against the door, stalling my exit and wrap my arms around his neck while staring into his beautiful eyes. “I love you,” I tell him.
“I love you, too.” He leans forward, capturing my lips with his, kissing me deeply, passionately claiming my lips one last time. I don’t want this kiss to end. Holding him tighter, I jump up, wrapping my legs around his waist. He presses me against the back of the door.
My phone vibrates in my pocket. Great, a text.
Zephyr pulls away with a groan, pressing his forehead against mine.
“I promise to text you constantly.” I kiss him again, fighting the urge to maneuver back to his bed. I don’t want to leave him, not yet. But my phone vibrates again. Crap! “Shit,” I mutter as Zephyr chuckles.
“I’ll ignore the time difference,” he promises, setting me back on the floor.
But I don’t want to leave him. I grab his shirt and pull his lips to mine, trying to remember what his lips feel like, what his body feels like pressed against mine. He feels like heaven, a sweet dose of sweet heaven, and I don’t want to let go.
If we keep this up, I’ll need a new flight to Texas.
Forty-Seven
After a long flight, one I wish I could have slept through or, if only to numb the pain from the annoying kid who sat behind me and repeatedly kicked the back of my seat, drank through just to calm the hell down. I hate flying. I mean I hate this so much; I would rather walk to Texas because this is scary shit to do type of hate. I guess that isn’t so much hate as fucking terrified I will die, God forbid there be turbulence. Spending that amount of time defying gravity, and I don’t mean in Wicked terms, I realize how much I love the ground. There is just something about a large, metal tube soaring through the air that just doesn’t make sense to me, like, that is not kosher, people. If I were alive and hanging around Orville and Wilbur back in 1905, I may have smacked them.
However, while I am in the air, I try not to curse the Wright Brothers for fear their spirits may send my aircraft flying right to the ground, and I try not to think about how something so large and heavy can soar through the air effortlessly. I mean, has anyone noticed that humans were not meant to fly? If we were meant to soar through the air, we would have evolved from something with wings, growing our own wings as we go.
As I walk through the terminal, I pray and thank God for my safe flight, I thank him for the safe arrival. Hilary laughs at me because I’m not quiet about it. I am almost screaming it with gusto at random passersby because I’m still astonished by it, surprised with flight.
“There are my beautiful girls!”
I hear his voice before I can see him. The crowd splits and I can see Grandpa standing with Grammy, both grinning from ear to ear, holding a sign that reads ARCHEMBAULT. It was cool to do when I was under the age of thirteen, now it’s cheesy. But I still love it.
I run toward them, selfishly leaving my suitcase behind with my aunt, and throw my arms around my grandfather’s neck, knocking the sign from his hands to the floor. The scent of tobacco wafting from his shirt mixes with the scent of fresh air, which never happens back home, and calms my nervous stomach. I finally relax, feeling the tension leave my shoulders as they slump to my sides.
“Popsicle!” I loudly cheer into his shirt as his arms wrap around me, patting me on the back.
I then hug Grammy, smelling her floral perfume as it floats from the fabric of her cotton t-shirt, and wait for Hilary to catch up, taking my suitcase back from her. I didn’t exactly mean to leave it behind; I was just caught up in the moment of a family reunion.
My aunt hugs her parents, having to jump up just to hug her father around the shoulder.
“I thought we’d see Patrick for Christmas?” Grandpa asks my aunt when all the hugging ends and we’re standing awkwardly in the airport, watching people pass by in cowboy hats. Grandpa makes a show of looking around for anyone else who may be traveling with us.
As cool as it would be, he can stop the charade. There is only the two of us.
“It’s a little too soon for Christmas trips together, Dad,” Hilary tells him as he grabs her bag to wheel out to the car. He reaches and tries to take my bag from me, but I swat his hand away and trail behind, walking next to Grammy. We’re eavesdropping on the conversation happening in front of us, silently waiting to include our own two cents. “But he says, ‘Hello.’”
We arrive at the car, an SUV similar to Hilary’s back in Washington, only in red, and I help Grandpa load the bags into the trunk.
“I don’t think I told you this before,” Grandpa begins, directing the comment to my aunt as she leans against the side of the car, her attention on her father. He slams the door to the back closed and I walk to the other side of the car, aiming for the door, the seat, behind the passenger side, and slide in, buckling up quickly. “But I like that boy,” Grandpa finishes once he’s behind the wheel.
Soon, we’re on the road, heading toward the farm on which my aunt grew up.
My grandparents, I once learned, met in school back in Scotland. They both bonded over their similar goal of one day living on a farm in the United States—an awkward and random goal but they are both awkward and random people. My grandmother would then get a full ride scholarship to Harvard, leaving my grandfather back in their hometown before he could join her, proposing to her on the day of her graduation.
It wasn’t too long before they could officially move to Texas, and not long before they became naturalized citizens.
“He’s a cool dude,” I tell Grandpa, leaning forward to look into the front seat, smiling to him as he drives. Hilary tugs me back by my jacket—safety first.
“Dude?” Grandpa questions, humor clear in his voice. “None of that teenage slang, you hear?” I laugh, as does my aunt. With the Scottish accent, it is only funnier.
“I’ve missed you,” I tell them from the backseat.
I’m so happy to be back in Texas. So happy to be surrounded by my family again. This is how life should be—filled with the people you love, the people who won’t judge your decision to booze it up on a long flight. The people who won’t whine when you can’t stop complaining about random things. I only wish Zephyr could be here with me.
Grandpa turns off the highway, still speeding down the thin, deserted private road that only leads to four different houses. We are all quiet in the car, thinking separate thoughts as Grandpa continues to drive down the long, winding road while I concentrate my gaze on the brown-and-green blur blowing past my window. He takes the first right, which is two miles away from the highway, and follows that until it turns to a thinner dirt road, one only used by family and the people he hires in the summer to help with the land and horses.
The familiar white house glides into view as we move through the trees and I notice nothing has changed in the few months since I last saw it. That was during the summer when I was put to work, squealing like the pigs because it all scares me.
I’m kind of weak on the farm.
“You’ll be a natural by the end of the summer, Joey,” Grandpa told me the first time I cowered away from a horse I was attempting to ride. I wasn’t. In fact that very afternoon, I fell off the horse. Her name was Honey and she was the most beautiful creature I’d ever seen, I just psyched myself out and fell. Honey didn’t move, I swear, which makes it all worse. I just somehow tilted and met the ground very quickly.
Needless to say, that was the end of my horse riding dreams, if I ever had any. I spent the rest of the summer brushing out the horses and mucking out the stalls, which wasn’t very pleasant, but ride them, I did not.
The car parks in the garage attached to the house, and we all scramble out, stretching our arms and legs. We grab the bags from the back and make our way inside the large house. Immediately entering the house, the overwhelming scent of banana chocolate chip muffins floats through the air and my mouth instantly waters.
We leave the bags by the stairs and gather in the kitchen, Grammy and Hilary standing in the kitchen, Grandpa and me sitting on the stools next to the island. The plate of muffins sits on the island next to a bowl of flowers, and I sneak two before Grammy can see, passing one to Grandpa, who winks at me. I start peeling back the polka-dotted paper cup.
“So what do you want to do now you’re here?” Grammy looks at me, eyeing the muffin my hand as it slowly inches toward my mouth, stopping in mid-air as her gaze traps me. I sneak a glance at my grandfather, but his muffin has surprisingly disappeared, his cheeks puffed out—presumably filled with food. He reminds me of a squirrel.
I smile sheepishly, flushing, as she laughs at me, grabbing a glass from the cupboard above the sink, and the gallon of milk from the fridge. Grammy sets the glass of milk in front of me and I take a bite of the delicious, melts-in-your-mouth, sweet baby Jesus, it’s still warm, dessert before I answer her question.
“Well…” I trail off, thinking of the only thing I have wanted to do since I boarded the plane at Sea-Tac.
“Ah,” Hilary interrupts before I can finish my thought aloud. “I know what that means, Mom.” All eyes turn to me, the muffin completely devoured. I start drinking the milk. “She wants to go to the cemetery.
“Can we?” I ask after swallowing. I set the empty glass on the counter before I can hop down from the stool and take it to the sink, rinsing out the glass. I leave the glass in the sink out of habit. Grammy doesn’t bat an eye.
Hilary doesn’t hesitate. “Definitely.”
“Let me grab my keys, lovelies,” Grammy walks toward the door that leads to the stairs. “We can all go.”
The cemetery is as empty as I remember, and still creepy, but welcoming. I’ve been here many times before. I try for at least four times a year; the start of the summer, the end of the summer, the start of winter break, and the end of winter break. Sometimes I am here more than four times, sometimes I only make it twice. I always feel horrible when I leave.
Every time I look at those graves, I read those names, and I hate myself for being here. I shouldn’t be here. I don’t deserve it like them. They sacrificed themselves for me. And I’m still here. I’m still living and breathing—I get to walk out of there.
In my hand is a bouquet of flowers I picked out for my mom’s grave. My aunt is holding another bouquet for Noah, and Grammy is holding one for Ivy. Grandpa is still in the car, waiting for our return. He can’t handle the cemetery like I can. But then again, I would spend more time here if I lived anywhere near it. Standing anywhere near here, although creepy, makes me feel closer to them.
Hilary and Grammy wait in the car, giving me a little alone time, like normal. I turn to the corner and spot an elderly woman standing at the graves, staring down at Ivy and Noah’s headstones.
She doesn’t hear me walk up and that gives me time to look at her because I don’t recognize her. The only people who visit these graves are people I know. Her hair is short and white, curled and poofy. She is wearing a dark blue dress and a grey sweater. Wrinkles cover her face, hiding what was probably once beautiful.
I step on a stick, cracking it beneath my feet, which catches her attention. Cloudy blue eyes look to me, pale and deep, and familiar.
“Who are you?” I blurt out when I notice her turning around to face me. I can’t think of anything else to say as her eyes laser in on me, freezing me where I stand. There is something cold in her stare, and it is too familiar.
“Who’re you?” the elderly woman snaps back, anger and annoyance in her thick southern accented voice. “These here are my grandchildren.”
“What?” I bark loudly in surprise, shocking the woman standing in front of me. That may have been a bad idea, I mean, we are in Texas, everyone is packing some sort of weapon to protect themselves from nutcases. Well, everyone except me. “I-I mean…” I stutter out, trying to save my outburst. Is this the paternal grandmother I lived with, the woman I can’t remember? Would it be wrong if I asked her why she lost custody of me? As she stands in front of me, it becomes more obvious.
“Little Ivy and Noah,” she points out, turning around, her gaze dropping to the headstones in front of her. I walk up next to her, making sure to keep at least two feet of space between us, staring at the names and dates I’ve stared at and memorized throughout the years. “What kind of name is Nevaeh, anyway? It’s a good thing it was her middle name.” As this woman rambles, I can understand more why she lost custody of me. “Someone killed them many years ago.” From that statement, how it left her lips as casually, as if she were talking about the weather, I don’t like her. I don’t want to look at her. I don’t even want to listen to her as she tries to explain to me what happened many years ago, so I stare at the headstones, reading the names etched into the thick stone. Ivy Nevaeh Archembault. Noah Jonathan Archembault. “They locked up my son for it. Stupid people, those police are. Who could possibly think that my son—my beloved, good baby—would murder his own family?” I hear her stifle a sob. Is this woman actually crying? I shake my head, facing forward to hide to roll of my eyes, but I feel her gaze zero in on me. “You look familiar. Have I seen you around town, dear?”
‘Don’t call me Dear,’ I want to snap at her.
Instead, I play it cool, pretending to be … anyone else in the world, and saying, “Maybe.” I know. Clever, right? It’s a possibility with how much I visit my grandparents’ farm over the years that she could have seen me in town, at the little diner where everyone remembers your face. Or at any of the stores in town where the owners call you when they receive more of your favorite type of candy, even when you don’t ask them to call you. “I’ve just come to pay my respects.” It’s my family. I want to stake my claim. This is my territory.
“Well, pay that one there no mind. She deserves no respect.” She points to my mother’s grave. “She ruined this family.” I have to close my eyes and count to ten to prevent myself from hitting this woman, yet again. “It’s her fault that this happened to such wonderful—”
“What the hell do you know about it, lady?” I snap, cutting her off before she can finish her sentence. Crap! I shouldn’t have said that. I know that. But I was just so caught up in the moment and tired of listening to her badmouth my mother. This woman, whoever she is, doesn’t know who I am and I don’t even know her name. It’s probably better just to pretend I don’t know who they are, that I’m just some random local who heard of the tragedy and wanted to pay my respects. So I shake my head to calm myself down. “I mean, what do you know about what happened to them.” That’s better.
She barks out a laugh. “Well, their mother was a whore, that one.” Those words are like a heated knife in my heart, slicing through me. How can anyone speak of anyone else, dead or alive, in such manner? Hasn’t she ever heard don’t speak ill of the dead. Well, she’s speaking ill over here. “She was seeing some man on the side, cheatin’ on my Benji. Only, the other man didn’t know.” Can I punch my grandmother in the face, please? “When he did find out, which didn’t take long, he killed them. Broke into their house and everything. The Bitch”—I might beat this woman with the flowers in my hand. I think my mother would like that—“had kicked out my Benji, askin’ him for a divorce so she could be with the other man. Well, the second man, like I said, he wasn’t too happy with bein’ the second choice, so he killed her and two of her kids. My poor grandbabies.” She feigns wiping away a tear from beneath her left eye. “But one survived the attack. Little Josie survived. Poor girl, she wouldn’t speak. Not to me, not to the special doctors I took her to. That’s how the cops could manipulate her to convince everyone that my Benji did it. She wouldn’t even talk to her father when I took her to visit him.”
Wait a damn minute, whack job Granny—you did what, now?
That sentence alone—She wouldn’t even talk to her father when I took her to visit him—stops my heart, mid-beat. It chills my bones. It freezes me in place, and I can’t breathe.
“You took her to visit her father?” I ask quietly, still processing that little information in my mind. How could she do that, especially to a little girl? I am beyond the fact it was me, I was the girl she tricked. It’s just the fact that she only cared about her son, only cared about what he wanted, what she thought he needed, not about the little girl. And she claims to be the little girl’s family?
That disgusts me about this woman the most—she doesn’t even care about that little girl.
“Tried,” she replies, shaking her head from side to side. “That little thing believed what the cops was sayin’ and was too scared to see him. She was shakin’ like a leaf every time I took her there.” And just when you think it couldn’t get any worse, the woman says something like that, something that makes you hate her more. “I had to be covert. She’d fall asleep in the back of the car on a trip to the store or something and I would just drop everything and take her to visit him. It’s what he wanted.”
My mouth drops open as I listen to her talk about this so casually, like she doesn’t see anything wrong. A little girl suffers a traumatic event and the paternal grandmother of the victim cares more about her son seeing his daughter and his happiness when he was the one who stabbed his daughter twelve fucking times in the chest and back.
My scars hurt when she speaks, they burn and sizzle with every word that leaves her mouth.
“What happened to her?” I ask quietly, trying to figure out how much she knows about me, the girl standing next to her today. “This Josie,” I ask, my hand gripping the flowers so tight, I can feel the stems snapping in my palm.
The woman shrugs her shoulders sadly, defeated. “State took her away from me a few years back. Said that my Benji couldn’t see her but he needed his family then. He needs his family now.” She turns to me, looking directly at me, drilling me with her gaze. “He needs the support of his one remainin’ daughter.” She turns back, facing forward again. “But they put her with her momma’s sister. Another bastard, just like her.” I close my eyes tight, fighting to urge the fight for my aunt, for my family. “I’m still tryin’ to place ya, dear. What’s yer name?”
Like I would ever willingly tell you!
Think, I sputter, “Harley,” quietly, loosening my grip on the flowers. “Harley Davidson.” I could slap myself for using the name of a friend who was named after a fairly well known company but there isn’t any way in hell I am telling this woman who I really am. Although, I should have used Kennie’s name, if she knows anything about motorcycles, which I doubt she does, she will already know it is a fake name.
She ponders it for a moment. “I don’t know any Harley,” she spits out, disgusted with the name. “What kind of name is that, anyway? It’s almost as bad as Nevaeh.” She shakes her head. “Benji wanted to name his oldest daughter Ivy Evangeline after his little sister.”
“That’s a pretty name,” I tell her, not sure what else to say right now other than, ‘You watch your fucking mouth, you crazy old hag!’ I’m afraid that is a bit much at the moment.
“Yeah,” she answers quietly as her brain drifts somewhere else. “Too bad Evangeline committed the biggest sin. She killed herself when she was fourteen.” Holy shit. “I never admit that out loud; don’t want the folks around her to think I raised my kids wrong.”
Well, if that isn’t the biggest understatement of the millennia. I should tell her she has never being nominated for Mother of the Year, nor Grandmother of the Year.
“I’m sorry,” I tell her, confused about what to say next.
The woman turns to me, her blue eyes finally connecting with mine as she says, “I’m not.”
Light footsteps come up behind us and I know to whom they belong. I hear a loud, surprised gasp behind me.
“Hello, Kathryn,” Hilary mutters when she recognizes the elderly woman standing next to me. I turn around, facing my aunt and her mother. Hilary’s eyes dart to me and I subtly shake my head, letting her know she hasn’t a clue as to who I am and I would really appreciate it if we could keep it that way.
“Hilary,” Kathryn, my father’s mother replies. She says my aunt’s name like a curse. I can see the hatred in her eyes that she has to stand so close to them; that she has to share this time with them. “Where is my granddaughter?” she demands, placing a hand on her hip.
Hilary lets out a laugh, crossing her arms across her chest in a challenge. “She wasn’t up to visiting,” she responds, catching Grammy off guard. Her eyes widen as she looks to me. I send her a glare, trying to tell her that, right now, I am not Joey. “It’s still raw for her to be here.”
“My goodness, it’s been eight years, Hilary,” Kathryn angrily snaps. Grammy walks over to my mother’s grave and places the bouquet on her headstone; covering the flower carved next to her. “Leslie.” Kathryn acknowledges my grandmother with more disgust than Hilary, spitting out her name like a spoiled food.
“Kathryn,” Grammy grumbles through clenched teeth. I am waiting for someone to say, ‘Well, bless your heart’—ultimate curse.
I follow Grammy’s lead and set the flowers in my hand, that now have broken stems, on Noah’s grave, covering the teddy bear carved by his name. Hilary places her bouquet on Ivy’s grave and backs away, trying to get as far away from Kathryn as she can.
“I want to go home, now,” I tell my aunt, whispering in the small amount of air between us. She nods.
“Joey,” Grammy calls, letting my real name slip through her lips by accident. She clamps her hands over her mouth, angry with herself.
“Joey?” Kathryn asks as she looks from Grammy to Hilary before her eyes trail to me. She takes a small step closer to me. “I thought you said yer name was Harley?” She leans closer to me, her thick perfume clogging my nose as she examines my eyes, my face, everything about me.
“Mom, let’s just go,” Hilary begs, grabbing my hand to tug me protectively behind her. I use her as a shield from Kathryn.
“You know what, no,” Grammy says, crossing her arms across her chest. “That’s it. I refuse to let this woman keep me from visiting my oldest daughter’s grave, nor my grandchildren’s for that matter.”
Kathryn snaps to attention, taking her focus from me and placing it on Grammy, trying to burn her, hurt her, with her glare. “I sent in a request to have her moved away from my grandbabies.”
That does it! I think I might actually start a catfight in a cemetery with my grandmother. I pop my wrist, then my knuckle, ready to punch her fake teeth in.
“You try that every single year, Kathryn,” Grammy begins, her voice growing louder, her accent thickening—which only happens when she’s angry. No, past angry. This is Infuriated Grammy, not a Grammy anyone wants to deal with, if they value their lives. “It will never work, you know. She is their mother—”
“Was.” Kathryn’s voice clips through the air. “The Bitch is dead.” Hilary squeezes my hand to keep me from leaping through the air, from charging and attacking this woman I don’t even know. I already hate her. “And she got them killed. She was a slut. We all knew it.”
I sidestep my aunt. “MY MOTHER WAS NOT A SLUT!” I scream at the back of Kathryn’s head, hoping my words penetrate that thick skull of hers. She slowly turns around, malice in her eyes, looking at me as I feel my face heat up in a nervous flush. Despite my nervousness, I refuse to back down. “Don’t you dare speak of her that way.”
Something softens in her eyes. “Josie?” Kathryn asks, her face splitting into a wide grin. It’s like she just saw me for the first time and everything, every hard emotion she just felt, disappears.
Okay, there’s something seriously disturbed about this woman. Either there are two wires in that miniscule brain of hers that aren’t touching or they have been crossed.
“My name,” I begin angrily, speaking through clenched teeth, “is Joey.”
“Oh, it is you,” she says with a long, drawn out sigh. When did we enter one of those cheesy movies? “I should’ve recognized those eyes.” Her hand reaches out tentatively. “Will you visit yer father with me? Or will they”—she gestures to Grammy and Hilary—“keep you from him? I can take you to visit next week.” She’s rambling like a lunatic. “He would simply just love that.”
I bark out a laugh. “I’m not going anywhere with you.” That, I make sure, is a promise.
“At least tell me where yer livin’ now,” Kathryn pleads, her hands clasping around mine in a vice-like grip. Her eyes find mine, boring into them. “He writes you letters, dear.” I tug to free myself from her possessive grasp.
“I get them just fine,” I spit at her.
“Just think about visitin’ yer daddy,” Kathryn begs of me, dramatically pleading. “He misses you so much, he loves you, Josie.” He should have thought about that eight years ago.
I turn to my aunt, wrenching my hand from Kathryn’s grip. “We can come back here later, right?” I ask, trying to let Kathryn know I’m done with her. I never want to see this psychotic woman again, so help me God.
“We can come back here anytime you want,” Hilary promises me, sympathetically.
Grammy throws a protective arm over my shoulder and steers me away from the grandmother I never knew I had. “Come on, honey,” she whispers low enough so only I can hear her.
My aunt and my grandmother both lead me to the car still idling on the street, slowly walking through the grass.
“Like mother, like daughter,” Kathryn yells angrily after our retreating forms.
I stop in my tracks, really wanting to turn around and charge the woman I’m instantly trying to forget. She has no right to speak of my mother in anyway, not even her name.
“Don’t pay Kathryn any mind, Joey.” I try to follow Grammy’s advice as I slide into the back of the car. Grandpa tries to speak to me but I just wave him off, promising to talk with him later, when this has blown from my mind.
How could anyone say such awful things about my mother? About anyone in my family? She was a beautiful person, a wonderful human being, who loved Ivy, Noah, and me so much; I know it hurt. She was a great mother, from what I hear, and she fought for her children to live. For some reason, I know that more than I know anything else. She was a fighter and a survivor.
But how do I know that?
Forty-Eight
I almost want to ask this woman where we are but that would mean actually speaking to her. I don’t like her—I’ve never liked her. Still, we stand in a long line, her wrinkled hand clasped around my tiny one in a vice-like grip so I don’t escape. She knows I will run when I get the chance. And I am pretty fast. She would never catch up to me.
A loud pop sounds through the air and she pushes open a large, glass door, shuffling me through into a confined space, one small enough to terrify me, to wait for another pop and another door to open. I don’t want to go anywhere with her but she yanks my arm, tugging me painfully through the door.
“Come on, Josie,” she snaps loudly. “He’s waiting for us.”
Who is waiting for us?
I know I won’t like the answer if I ask the question. She pulls me painfully by the arm until we go through a second set of doors. A third set. Even a fourth set. This all seems normal to her but I just want to go home. Wherever that may be.
“Good morning, Mrs. Lucas,” a large man in a dark uniform says, nodding as we pass by him. The grip of her hand loosens and she smiles at him, feigning sweetness I know she doesn’t possess. I really hate this woman. “And who do we have here?” The man looks to me, a large smile covering his face. The kind all adults use with children when they want to seem nicer, kinder. It works for him.
“My sister’s daughter.”
That’s a lie.
Why is she lying? I’m her granddaughter. She wants me to call her Nana but I don’t talk to her. I refuse to talk to her despite her efforts. I don’t want to call her Nana.
“She’s adorable,” he tells her, still looking at me. He reaches out a large hand for me to shake. I don’t, he slowly pulls back, the smile falling. “He’ll be here in a moment,” he says coldly. I don’t think he likes whomever we are here to see.
Nana pulls me into the room. It’s large, brightly lit, and filled with round tables. The tables are surrounded by people talking with other people, like the cafeteria at school. There is food and drink everywhere. I can even smell popcorn.
“Come on, Josie.” Nana yanks on my arm, pulling me so hard it hurts and I let out a loud yelp. I still follow her wherever she wants to lead me. If I obey and act nice, maybe she will stop tugging on my arm.
She shoves me onto a hard seat, placing my hands on the table, neatly folded together, and we wait.
But for what?
After a few minutes of my silent speculation, a tall figure moves slowly against the far wall. I can see the movement in the corner of my eye but I don’t move and I don’t look.
The air around me grows cold and a tremble starts in the base of my spine, shooting pain through my back. This can’t be happening. Not here. They promised me. They all promised me. I shut my eyes tight, wishing for anything, anything else in the world, but it’s not working. I’m still here, he is still here, and no one can see me screaming.
“Benji!” Nana gushes, standing from the table and rushing to hug … Daddy?
“Josie, hang up the phone,” Daddy says using his loud scary voice, the one he uses on Mommy before he’s mean to her, before he hits her. I don’t want to listen to him. I just want my questions answered.
“What’s wrong with Mommy?” my tiny voice squeaks in a shrill cry I don’t recognize. I start moving back, trying to get as far away from whatever he is holding in his hand. It doesn’t look nice. It’s nothing good for me. It looks like it could be painful. I know it will hurt me and I know he wants to hurt me.
“Nothing’s wrong with Mommy,” he growls at me, spitting on me as his words quickly leave his lips. “Do you want to see her?” he asks, stepping closer to me and looking at the bed. His head snaps back in my direction, twitching, jerking from side to side.
Of course, I want to see my mommy but she isn’t here. I’m little but I know what lies in that bed is not my mommy, not anymore. She’s gone. I somehow know she’s gone and I am alone in this big house. Alone with the monster who stands before me.
“I want my mommy!” I cry loudly. My tiny voice amplifies in the dark room, bouncing back to me from the dimmed white walls, as I cry louder and louder. I feel the tears streaming down my cheeks, dampening the thin fabric of my Barbie nightgown.
Daddy lets out a long breath, sounding like a sigh, before he trains his angry gaze to me. “Stop whining, you little brat.” His face contorts into something mean, something evil. He is someone evil, I realize. He is something I haven’t seen before. He isn’t Daddy anymore. He’s something else, something I don’t want to be around. His face splits into a wicked grin, bearing his teeth like a wolf before it attacks its prey. I saw that on a show a while back. It wasn’t pretty. “I’ve been looking for you everywhere—”
“Josie?” Daddy says as he stands next to my chair. He looks down at me, his blue eyes wide and … happy? He’s smiling at me. He’s happy to see me. That’s different from the last time he saw me, the last time he even looked at me. Then, he was a monster, now he’s Daddy again.
I bolt from my chair, knocking it over as I run to the door we came through, pushing past someone large standing by the garbage cans with all the strength my tiny body can muster.
“Josie, damn it,” Nana calls after me as I pound my hands against the glass, screaming loudly, hoping the door will open. It never does. I tug on the handle, willing it to open, begging it to open.
“What is wrong with her?” the large man asks as another man drops to his knees in front of me, trying to calm me down.
“Hey, hey,” the nice man whispers quietly. He grabs my arms and gently tugs me away from the door, pointing me in the direction of Nana and Daddy. “Everything’s okay,” he tells me. I don’t believe him.
Nothing will ever be okay again.
My Mommy is dead. Ivy is dead. Noah is dead. They’re all dead and I’m still here waiting for something to happen, something bad I know, in my gut, will happen. Nothing good happens after everyone you love disappears.
“I don’t—don’t want—YOU CAN’T MAKE ME!” I scream until I can wrench my body free from his grasp. I fling myself against the glass door again, hoping it opens, hoping I can escape to some type of freedom beyond these walls.
“Can’t make you what?” the large man asks. He turns me around to face him, pulling me away from the door again. “What just happened?” he asks, turning his attention to my Daddy standing in the back.
“Josie!” Nana announces as my breathing starts to calm. Looking at the nice man kneeling in front of me makes me feel safe. There’s something about him I should trust. I can trust this man. He can help me.
“Don’t make me go back there,” I whisper quietly, my tiny hands gripping the sleeves of his shirt. “He wants to hurt me. Please, please don’t let him hurt me.” I’m begging.
“I’m sorry, sir,” Nana starts. She grabs my hand, yanking it away when I refuse to take hers. “That won’t happen again.” Nana begins to pull me away with such force, every move makes me cry out in pain, and I look to the man, begging for help with my eyes.
“Excuse me, ma’am,” he calls, walking until he can stop Nana. “Why are you forcing her to go back there when she obviously doesn’t want to go?”
“Because she needs to see her father,” Nana explains, not lying this time. She stands her ground, crossing her arms across her chest. This is a woman who won’t back down and she likes to get her what she wants. I learned that the hard way.
The man’s eyes search the tables in the room, spotting the one in the far back Nana is taking me. Something seems to dawn on his face, some recognition as he looks back to me.
“Is her name Josephine Lucas?” he asks, but he looks like already knows the answer.
“No,” Nana says, knowing she screwed up, as I blurt out, “Yes.”
“Now you want to talk, little brat?” Nana snaps at me.
“There’s no need for that, ma’am and I’m sorry but you can’t take her back there.” The uniformed man pries my hand away from hers and leads me to a back office. I smile up to him, that he is here, happy that he’s the one holding my hand. His grip is soft and tender, not tight like Nana’s.
“I can do whatever I want,” Nana tells the man, fighting to reach my hand. “She’s my granddaughter.” She speaks as if it means something, but those are only words. Useless words pouring from her mouth like bile.
“I don’t even know how you got her in here,” he mumbles, taking me into the back office and setting me in a soft chair. A chair softer than any other I have ever sat in. The cushions seem to swallow me whole, tugging me deeper within the plushy comfort, and I allow it, I allow it until I can’t see the room anymore, the guard is gone, my nana’s gone, and so am I.
“Joey?” Grammy asks as my eyes adjust to the light streaming through the window. The blinds pulled back revealing the cloud-covered sky. As I look, I can tell the sun is setting, the clouds growing darker and darker as I blink. “You okay?” she asks. Her eyes are wide as she stares at me. I can see the concern etched within her porcelain features.
I nod, not ready for words yet, sending her the only sign I’m reasonably okay.
“Okay,” she replies, looking at me before she walks back into the kitchen. As she reaches the doorframe, she takes one long look at me before disappearing into the bright yellow kitchen.
I am lying on the couch beneath an old afghan, the television is flickering with a rerun of Gilligan’s Island, and Grandpa is snoring in his favorite chair. I must have fallen asleep after we got home from the cemetery.
My phone vibrates on my stomach in the pocket of my baggy sweatshirt, tickling my stomach.

Zephyr: So, I’m assuming you made it to Texas safely. I haven’t seen anything on the news about a plane going down.

Crap! I knew I forgot to do something when I walked off the plane. As I read his text, I tug the afghan over my chest to make myself more comfortable.

Me: Sorry! I’m safe, I’m sound, just a typical basket case. Well, that, you already knew. I miss you, Texas sucks with you in Washington.
Zephyr: I’d expect that :) I tend to liven up your life.

I can count on him to be a bit cocky I just never expected for it to put such a giant smile on my face when I tried to picture the look on his face. I can picture his half smile and his hand running through his hair. If only we used Snapchat, I’d use less imagination if I could just see his face, even for only ten seconds.

Me: I wouldn’t say that exactly…
Zephyr: What would you say then?
Me: Hmmm, let me think about that. I’ll get back to you on that.

I might actually have to think of something to tell him, something snarky to text back but nothing comes to mind. My wit and sarcasm seems to be dwindling the more I am in Texas.

Zephyr: I’m counting down the days until you’re in my arms again.
Me: I’m counting down the days until I’m in my own bed.

Not exactly true, but it should make him laugh.

Zephyr: Will I be in it with you?

Or not. He might not laugh at all.
I snort loudly, dropping my phone in case someone heard me and wants to investigate without my knowledge. Better to be safe than sorry in this house.

Me: I’ll text you later.
Zephyr: I love you :)
Me: I love you, too!

I sigh as I drop my phone on my chest, feeling happiness surge through me, heating me. I feel it coursing through my veins, warming me as I remember his goodbye kiss. I wish for us to have more kisses like that, but I’d be staying.
“And how is Zephyr?” Hilary asks as she drops onto the couch next to me, a playful smile tugging at her lips.
“What?” I ask, caught off guard and feigning innocence. There’s no way she can know what I was texting. I know she doesn’t but she does know to notice about me. I’m hiding something. It’s the easiest thing to discern.
“That smile.” Hilary points toward my mouth, leaning forward to tug on my lip with her thumb. “It can only be caused by one person.”
Oh.
She knows me too well.
“He’s fine.” My smile beams brighter and I feel my cheeks heat in a flush I feel trail down to my chest. It’s mimicking his hands, heating the same trail he would lead if he could touch me right now. I miss his electric touch, the fire coursing through my veins as he lazily searches my skin with his fingertips. I just miss him. This is going to so much harder. Harder than I thought.
“Okay.” Hilary stands away from the couch, a knowing smirk touching her lips. “Just remember, no sexting,” she warns. My smile quickly falls from my face.
“Aunt Hil!” I whine loudly, the shrill sound shaking Grandpa from his nap in the recliner. “Come on.”
“What?” she demands as she walks toward the kitchen. “I draw the line on that, Joey.”
As expected from any guardian
“Like I would ever tell you,” I call after her, watching her disappear into the kitchen.
Her orange head pops back through the doorway. “I would confiscate your phone so fast, Joey.” She tells me, her finger pointing in my direction. “Don’t test me on this.” Hilary looks so serious that the fierce change practically slaps me.
I raise my arms in surrender, knowing this isn’t a woman to be messed with when she is creating parental rules. She is such the Momma Bear that it’s not even funny.
Grandpa is still watching television—he woke up at some point—trying not to laugh at me and my aunt, but he’s failing as he bites his lip to conceal the chuckling. The least he could do is try to hide the smirk growing on his face, but he fails
Forty-Nine
“Good night, Grammy.” I wrap my arms around my grandmother before I head out the kitchen, heading up the wooden stairs to the guestroom that becomes mine whenever I’m here. I click on the light, letting it illuminate the purple-painted walls. It was my mother’s room when she lived here before heading out to college.
I take a seat on the bed, placing my laptop in the smooth space in front of me. I promised Zephyr that we would Skype tonight. While it’s eleven at night here, it’s only nine back home. I would think Zephyr has more important or fun things to do than talk with me through a computer screen but he insisted, practically begged me for this minute connection.
“Hello, there,” a pixilated Zephyr says through the computer screen. His dark hair is tied away from his face and he’s shirtless. Damn, he’s shirtless. Now I really wish I hadn’t left.
“Hi.” My voice is a nervous squeak, like a mouse, and I don’t understand my nervousness. I’ve talked to him plenty of times, most while staring at his bare abs. How is this different? “How is everything since I left?” I’ve been gone for four days now, I doubt anything big has changed but I’m into small talk at the moment as I stare at his abs when he moves to adjust the light on his nightstand.
“Dull and lifeless.” He leans back, showcasing his abs again. Holy shit, his abs look better than before I left. It hasn’t even been a week, what has he been doing? “How is Texas?”
“It’s Texas.” I tell him about what happened at the cemetery and my reason to stay away from town. By now, I’d usually have made several candy runs but I don’t need any run-ins with Kathryn or Nana. I can see when he takes interest because he is no longer lounging back on the pillow displaying a body that looks like it was sculpted from marble; he is leaning forward, resting his chin on the palm of his hand, his eyes dark and intense as they stare into the camera.
“Fuck,” he murmurs when I finish. “Are you okay after what that psycho bitch said?”
I shrug before shaking my head. I can feel my ponytail swaying against the bare skin of my upper back. “No,” I answer quietly and honestly. He deserves the truth from me even though I want to lie to make this conversation happy. We don’t need to delve into my problems or my issues. I am trying to put some distance between that and myself. The larger the distance, the better I will feel.
“Don’t listen to her,” he tells me. He looks like he wants to crawl through the screen just to hug me. I want to do the same thing. I want to crawl into his lap and never leave his side. “She’s scared.” He couldn’t possibly know that, not for certain, but his words make me feel better. She’s scared. That woman is terrified of something and I’ll never know what.
“I’m trying not to.” I avoid looking at the screen; avoid his eyes staring back at me.
I don’t want to listen to the woman I know I hated when I was a little girl forced to live with her. I learned that much from my dream. The one thing I really want to know is why I lived with her when I had other family, nicer family who loved me despite my father. I don’t ask Zephyr what he thinks; I just ask him questions about his week. Mostly what has been keeping him busy.
The gym is his answer.
The answer explains the body. And why he isn’t wearing a shirt right now. He wants to show me the effects. He wants to show me what I’ll be coming home to. And I don’t mind one bit.
We continue to talk until I can’t keep my eyes open any longer. It gets to the point where I’m leaning my head on my pillow, the soft sound of Zephyr’s voice slowly lulling me into a nice, comfortable sleep.
“Joey.” Zephyr’s voice startles me awake. I jump up, practically springing from the bed.
“I’m up. I’m awake,” I say. “Promise,” I blurt, my palm flattening against my forehead. My glasses are crooked on my nose and I right them before completely tugging them from my face and rubbing my eyes, crusty with sleep.
He’s laughing as he stares at me, his eyes soft. “You were snoring,” he tells me with jest in his voice.
“I don’t snore,” I snap lightly, my mouth opening in a wide yawn.
“Apparently in Texas you do.” I can hear the laughter in his voice. “I’ll text you tomorrow, okay?”
I don’t want to hang up, but I sort of do because I’m falling asleep—which is completely rude—but I want to be near Zephyr. Even with nineteen hundred miles between us, I have this deep desire to be near him. “Okay,” I answer, my hand hovering above the keyboard of my laptop as I wish I didn’t have to say good night. “I love you,” I tell him quietly.
“Love you, too, Jo.”
Those are the only words I need to hear before I fall asleep—which happens just as soon as my head hits my pillow after I tuck my computer away.
We spend the rest of my week in Texas Skyping and texting like lovesick teenagers. There are a few long phone calls, but mostly I spend time with my grandparents. I bake in the kitchen with my grandmother—or stir batter while my grandmother handles all of the hot elements. I play board games with my grandfather. He beats me every time. He doesn’t even try to let me win. And I don’t blame him, I gloat—I am a sore winner. It’s a big problem.
Christmas Eve Eve arrives and the family starts driving up.
I love Christmas Eve with my family, which we all literally countdown to. We spend the day eating and enjoying family, telling anecdotes and tales from the year while making fun of each other. It is nearly a giant party for just the Archembaults, and honorary Archembaults. I’ll get to that in a moment.
The first to arrive that morning is Sam, his large duffel bag thrown over his shoulder. He shakes his shaggy brown locks from his eyes—that he has proudly been growing along with a beard since he’s come home—as he wanders through the front door shaking the cold from his body.
“Mom!” he yells as he wanders down the hallway. I am too tired to make any sudden movements just yet but I’m slowly waking as his voice grows louder the further he moves into the house. “Dad?”
“In here, Sammy,” Grandpa yells.
Sam walks into the kitchen smelling thickly of pine and snow. It’s a little weird because it’s not snowing nor is he a lumberjack. I don’t suspect he’s been chopping down trees in Minnesota but the image briefly drifts through my mind.
I am sitting at the kitchen island stuffing my face with a delicious breakfast—mostly bacon—while Grandpa continuously tries to sneak a piece away from me. As I turn to swat at his hand, my uncle steals my toast. I stare at him, my mouth agape, while he lovingly ruffles my hair.
No one, I repeat no one, messes with my food. If I weren’t half-asleep, I would throw cutlery at him as if I were aiming at a dartboard.
“Good morning, Joey,” he muses while I scoff at him as his hand further messes up my bed-head. How dare he mess with a girl and her food? I cross my arms and pretend not to notice him and act like a temperamental five-year-old by sticking out my tongue when his back is turned to me. But then I relent and give him a tight hug.
He hugs everyone else in the room as other family members slowly arrive. There are the cousins who drove in from Oklahoma, other cousins who flew in from New York. My family is spread out across the country. These are just the ones who fly in. While they aren’t related to me, they are my grandparents’ foster children throughout the years. While they only legally adopted three, they fostered a few dozen children throughout the years. They figured that since they had such a large house with so many rooms, they could use the space to help some children.
“So, Joey,” my younger cousin Lia starts as she takes the open stool next to me at the kitchen island. I decided to spend the rest of the day with Grammy and Sam baking treats for the next three days. “How’s every going for you up in Washington?” Her southern accent is thick with twang and it makes me smile. I love to hear her speak—I love the accents that fill my life.
I remember from an old family photo album that her parents met in the foster system. They were in some of the same houses before being switched to my—our—grandparents. They always had feelings for each other. They just never acted on them until they aged out. My aunt Lauren went off to college in Oklahoma, the state where she was from to a college that gave her a full ride scholarship for swimming, and my uncle Chase followed her to see if they could successfully have a relationship away from the tension of the foster care system.
Six months later, my grandparents received an invitation to their wedding and Grandpa walked Lauren down the aisle.
Seventeen years later and I am sitting next to Lia as she relays everything that has happened to her since I saw her during the summer while Lauren and Chase playfully argue with Hilary and Sam in the living room.
Later in the evening, we play board games, which I dominate when I play against the entire family and my grandfather isn’t mind tricking me, then head up to bed. My room is filled with air mattresses and blankets, Lia, her twin sister Margot, my other cousins, Jessica and Alice, are in my room while Lia’s brother Grant bunks with our uncle. The parents, my aunts and uncles are in the other spare rooms.
On Christmas Eve morning, we all start preparing for Christmas morning—after we devour the most delicious breakfast someone in the house made, I think Lauren was the mastermind behind it. We all pitched in; though my helping was limited mainly because I think the holidays would be better spent with a roof over our heads. I watch Sam tackle most of the breakfast, who knew the man could cook so well? Then it’s time to wrap presents—in different rooms—read some Dickens, and load everything underneath the Christmas tree.
Happy holidays, everyone.
I’ll nervously admit we still leave milk and cookies out for Santa, aka: Grandpa. He openly complains when we don’t. Thanks for keeping the dream alive, Gramps. We stopped believing in Santa years ago but we keep the tradition up. He likes to keep little kids’ dreams alive even when we are close to graduating high school.
On Christmas, we all run down the stairs excitedly—someone literally gets tripped but they don’t fall down the stairs, luckily—and start ripping open presents. I get clothes, shoes, a lot of books, and a treble clef keychain, which I find to be very random. I give my aunt her gift. She loves the scarf and nearly dies from laughter when the five tubes of bacon Chapstick roll from the bag. I give Grammy a green scarf and Grandpa a hat he probably won’t wear but claims that he loves—the man is hard to shop for.
When everything is over, we decide to split onto cookers and cleaners. I decide to clean when everything is over and played the usual Christmas poker with those that chose the same path as me—the majority of my cousins, Chase, and Grandpa. It becomes heated halfway through and Grant ends up winning all the Monopoly money—as if we would play with real cash. Because he won, it means he gets first choice at dessert.
Everything ends with without fights, without grease fires in the kitchen, and enough gifts I am happy Grammy has an extra suitcase for me and Hilary to lug everything back to Washington—extra bag charge be damned.
We arrive at Sea-Tac and I practically crawl from the plane. I am so happy to be home but so tired I just want to dive into the nearest chair and sleep for a few days. Family can be so exhausting. There was turbulence on the way home I didn’t dare close my eyes for fear that when I opened them, we’d be hurdling toward the hard packed Earth so fast, I’d barely get out my Hail Mary’s before the impact.
The sky is a pale, gray-blue; the color of early morning, and I see Patrick standing, waiting for us after we grab our luggage. Next to him is a very wide-awake and extremely happy Zephyr. The sight of my boyfriend surprises me so much it wakes me up and I find my pace quickening before I plow into his arms with so much force, we nearly topple over. His familiar scent of nothing but himself and soap is pure home to me.
He is the one thing that can make flying easier for me because once I saw him, I immediately forgot about the plane. I forgot that a mere thirty minutes ago I was soaring high through the air, defying the basic laws of physics. Now, I am in his arms, his warm, safe arms, and that is all that matters to me.
Fifty
The music is too loud, the drinks are disgustingly warm, the room smells like sweat and bad decisions, but I am supposed to be having a good time. That’s what I told Zephyr before he left to find colder beverages. We ditched the beer after the cans were handed to us, now he’s in search of anything better than alcohol. I would welcome carrot juice right about now.
Any sane way to take in the New Year.
I lost track of anyone I know. I think I saw Kennie when I got here, I know I saw Duke and wherever he is, she is. But that was hours ago at the start of the night. They probably snuck off to a room the moment they could—this place has plenty of them. Harley and Avery decided to spend the night at her house, curled up on the couch, waiting for the fireworks to shoot from the Space Needle. Yeah. The couch, Harley. That’s what I wish Zephyr and I were doing. Instead, I am at a party, something Zephyr planned when I was in Texas. I didn’t expect it. He knows how much I hate parties. He knows, since Ryder, that they just irk me, but here I am in my finest attire. It’s something he wanted to do and I wanted to do it with him.
I still hate these things.
It’s harder to blend into the wall when everyone knows your boyfriend. Damn him for being such a social butterfly. He probably sent people over here to look after me the longer he was gone and mingling. Whatever he is doing better be worth it because this place is getting weirder and more crowded by the minute and I am ready to launch myself from the balcony to save myself.
“Hey,” Ksenia says as she pops through the crowd. She looks amazing in skinny jeans and a black tunic top with black heeled boots. How I didn’t see her with her height, I will never know. She towers over everyone, especially in those heels. She is also boyfriend-less, like me. I wonder where hers is.
“Hi,” I answer back, smiling and happy to see a familiar face, yelling to be heard over the booming music. I smooth my hand over the top of my head, smoothing down my hair. I pulled it back when the temperature crept higher than comfortable. We should all be outside with how hot this place is getting. If only it weren’t snowing. And it’s sticking to the streets, damn it.
“Jackson and Zephyr will be back, they’re trying to find non-alcoholic drinks.” I knew that but better to let her explain, I don’t want to be rude. I just didn’t know she was here. I don’t mind. Ksenia is awesome. And she likes me. Who would’ve thought that? Like, she actually talks to me like a human being, not talks about me like yesterday’s gossip.
“Where are they looking? Alaska?” I ask. Ksenia giggles.
“Must be?”
A few more moments pass and we fall into that dreaded awkward silence, the lull in the conversation we can’t seem to overcome, but for us it seems okay. We’re fine not talking around each other. It’s eerily comforting.
Familiar brown hair swings in front of a familiar face and I smile when Zephyr emerges from the crowd, his face slick with sweat. He holds out a can of Dr. Pepper and I take it happily, popping the tab and taking a long drink. I’m not sure why it’s the first thing I do instead of thanking him but the look of amusement on his face is enough to make me swallow that regret. If he is going to laugh at me, why should I thank him?
Jackson is right behind him, holding his own soft drink and a bottle of water for Ksenia.
We just stand there, talking about random things—school and after school programs, waiting for the clock to hit midnight. It seems to be taking years not just hours and I am getting tired of the wait. Is it really worth it? After a few moments of gabbing, I need to head to the restroom, the soda going through me faster than I thought. Or maybe it’s just nerves; I’ve never had a boyfriend on New Years’ before and I want to start this year off right.
I tell Zephyr I’m going to find the bathroom and he tells me not to get lost. Yeah, like that could happen… And it does—because this place is freaking massive.
I head up the stairs, searching door after door, room after room, for the one with the toilet. The halls seem endless and the rooms just the same.
I walk in on several couples, seeing much more of them than I ever wanted. Sputtering apology after apology, I slam the doors shut and continue my search. I know none of the ones I walked in on will remember any of this in the morning so I’m not too embarrassed, just the normal amount where my cheeks are permanently stained red.
The final room of the hallway—and my last option for this hall before I need to climb another flight of stairs, I shove open the door a bit too hard, watching it aim for the wall, and before I can stop it, it connects with a loud bang, alerting the occupants to my stupidity. Or occupant. There is only one sitting on the bed, his head in his hands as he slowly sips a beer.
And he is the last person I want to see.
Surprisingly, he is alone.
Blue eyes connect with mine. “What do you want?” Ryder spits, anger lacing his words. His eyes drift upward, looking above me, not at me and I feel so flattered. I nearly do the same to him.
I roll my eyes and reach for the door, trying my best to be civil. The last thing my night needs is a fight. “Nothing from you,” I answer, clamping my hand on the knob to pull it back as I exit, but Ryder’s in front of me before I can fully leave the room. He is leaning to the side, blocking my view of the empty hall and any attempt of to run. I’m not sure how he moved so fast but that isn’t something I need to concern myself with at the moment.
He’s leaning toward me, his breath hot and sticky against my skin. He is so close, I can smell the vodka pouring through his pores, the whiskey on his breath, and the beer in his hand. Liquor before beer, you’re in the clear. I want to push him away, I just want him away from me, but he’s only edging nearer, invading my personal space. He wouldn’t care if I told him. Up close, I can see the small bump on his nose. I can see it didn’t heal properly. I can also see the loose thread in the collar of his red t-shirt. I can see the freckles dotting his hands. I can see all of this because he won’t back away from me.
“What do you want?” he asks again, his face inching closer to mine. I back away to find much needed distance, stepping into the empty room against my better judgment. I learned a long time ago never to be alone with him. “Just tell me, Joey.” I watch him slam the door shut behind us, further trapping me in here with him.
I want you to leave me alone, that’s what I want.
“I don’t want anything from you, Ryder.” Nothing but a bathroom and night away from you, is that too much to ask? “I was just looking for a bathroom.”
He barks out a laugh, stepping closer to me. “Yeah, there isn’t one in here.”
“I can tell. I’ll just leave you alone, then.” I try to step to the side, away from him, but he only follows. I take another step but he mimics me, blocking every move I make. A sense of unease flows through me, a feeling of dread dropping into the pit of my stomach, and I just need to flee, I need to get away. But the only way is through him. “Where’s Alexia?” I don’t care but I want to distract him.
“She’s with some girl I don’t know.” Ryder sets his beer on the nightstand by the bed. “Where’s Kalivas?”
“Waiting for me.”
I step to the side, ready to walk around him, when his arm shoots out, grabbing mine to keep me in place. My body tenses and my fists clench. “What’s your hurry, Joey?” I look toward the door, tugging to free myself from his grasp, his tightening grip on my skin that will leave fresh bruises within my skin.
“Ryder, let go of my arm.” He shakes his head, his blonde curls flopping back and forth as a drunken laugh escapes his throat. I tug at my arm, trying to yank it away, but his grip only tightens, squeezing until the pain shoots down my arm. “Let go of my arm, Ryder,” I demand, trying to keep my dignity.
“You see,” he begins, throwing me toward the bed. I hit the mattress, bouncing once, twice, before I settle. “I had this bet.” I scramble up, leaning on my elbows as he stalks toward me. “This bet was about you.” He grabs my ankles, sliding me down the bed, closer to him. I reach out, hoping to grab something, anything, hoping to keep away from him, but there’s nothing. I grasp air.
“Ryder, just—”
“No, no, no.” He places his finger over my lips. “Just let me finish, babe. There was this bet about you and I decided to take it.”
What is he talking about? Wait, I don’t care. What’s happening? Why’s he doing this? I could be running away, I could be fleeing, but there is a part of me too scared to move, a part of me frozen in time, waiting to see what he will do.
“Ryder—”
“You don’t even know who placed the bet, right?” Ryder’s breath dances along my cheek, hot and sticky. His hand trails down my neck, down my shirt to the hem, his fingers tickling the exposed skin beneath the gray fabric. “Alexia’s always hated you. I don’t know why, but she was willing to pay money to see you destroyed.” His head dips close, his nose gliding across my cheek. I am too stunned to move. “And I was more than happy to oblige, baby.”
“Don’t call me that.” I push at him, shoving at his chest, but he doesn’t budge.
He’s settled between my legs, holding one knee to the mattress while his other hand snakes around my neck. “You want this.”
Before I could even tell him I didn’t, his lips crash to mine so hard, his forehead slams against mine. I reach my hands up, trying to shove him away, but he only pushes harder, pressing against me, pushing me into the mattress. He forces my lips apart, shoving his tongue sloppily into my mouth, tasting heavily of alcohol.
I bite down, nipping at his tongue violating my mouth. He leans back, letting out a yelp while his hand covers his mouth. He pulls it back, spotting the blood blotching his hand. Some good. He looks to me as I try to scramble away, tugging myself away by the edge of the bed. He grips my ponytail and yanks me back. I scream from pain and reach up, my hand finding his and I dig my nails into his flesh. He barely notices.
I hear Ryder laugh. “Just shut up, baby, and it won’t hurt.”
Never tell, baby girl.
No, no, no… please.
“GET OFF OF ME!” I scream, hoping someone in this crowded house can hear me. Ryder cuts off my scream with a hard slap, the force throwing me back to the bed. My head hits the wall and I see stars spinning around me, little white specks inviting me from this place. I’d go with you, I want to tell them, just come and get me. Steal me away.
The bed shifts as he moves toward me. His hand clamps around my leg.
“RYDER, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?” someone screams from the door. Female. Young.
I sit up, facing the opposite direction, fixing my glasses to my face. My blurred vision is corrected.
“This is what you wanted, right?” I hear laughter in his voice but I can’t focus. I taste blood and I need to find the source. I need to get out of here. I need Zephyr. I need Zephyr now. I clutch my hand to my mouth, pulling it away to see if I’m bleeding. There isn’t blood but I’m not that trusting. “Look, we’ve got her where we want—”
A loud crash sounds through the air, a lamp shatters from the bedside table, and I look up, catching Ryder’s crumpled body as he lies in a heap on the floor. Footsteps vibrate through me as someone stomps toward the seemingly lifeless body, and I see Zephyr bending over, examining his work.
“Zephyr,” I croak. The last thing I want to see is this.
I blink once, twice, three times, trying to clear my vision. After the fourth blink, I watch Zephyr take a deep breath, grab a groaning Ryder by the back of his hair, and throw a punch directly to his nose. The sound soars through the air, the sound of flesh hitting flesh and bone, and I can’t breathe. This shouldn’t be happening. Scrambling up, I move toward them, watching one punch after another, one painful hit after another, and no one is stopping him.
“Zephyr,” I say, reaching out a hand. He doesn’t hear me. “Zephyr, please, stop!” A sob escapes and Zephyr’s hand drops, as does the bloody mass of Ryder’s head. A shudder racks through my body, a tremble starting deep within my bones, and I drop to the floor, too weak to stand.
He turns, his hand dragging through his messy hair. There is hate burning in his eyes, there is anger and something terrifying blooming within him, but it disappears when he sees me. Zephyr rushes to my side, sweeping me up in his arms and cradling me against his chest.
“Are you hurt? What happened? Should you go to a hospital?” he rapidly questions, his eyes searching my visible skin for imperfections. It feels safe in his arms, so much that I sigh my gratitude that he is here with me. I don’t want to think about what would have happened had he not walked up here, not found me. He always finds me.
I shake my head. “I just want to go home.” I tell him. Everything I saw leaves my mind when he tucks my head beneath his chin. “Please, take me home.” And stay with me.
He nods. Standing, he lifts me up by my arms, steadying me to make sure I can walk. The worry crosses his face as I briefly wobble. When I’m steady and appear fine, he wraps his arm around my shoulders and leads me through the growing crowd.
“Joey,” Alexia calls from the doorway. I forgot she was there, watching the entire time. Horror covers her face, as do her hands. “Joey, please.” She rushes to my side, her hands reaching for me but I recoil, pressing hard into Zephyr’s side as Alexia moves closer. I don’t want her near me let alone close enough to touch me.
“I think you’ve done enough,” Zephyr snaps, angling me away from her.
Alexia shakes her head, blonde hair wagging from side to side as she disagrees. “No, she needs to listen to me…”
“She doesn’t need to do anything for you,” Zephyr spits. He obviously heard Ryder’s brief speech about the bet before he came to my rescue.
I stop, turning my gaze to her, ready to hear what she has to say. Zephyr tries to lead me away but I won’t move. If I need to hear this, The I’m going to fucking hear her say it. Then punch her for good measure. Because if what Ryder said is true—and he has no reason to lie to me anymore—she deserves so much worse than a punch to her perky little plastic-nose.
“What he said, it’s not all true.”
“All?” I ask. Yeah, she’s getting punched.
“Yeah, I wanted to see you hurt, but I never wanted this.” She tucks her hair behind her ears, her eyes rimmed red. Is she sad? Wow, so nice of her to lend a little emotion my way. “I’m sorry. It’s my fault, every bit of it.”—honestly, I had no idea—“Truly, I never wanted anything like this to happen. I just thought that he’d…” She pauses, taking a deep breath to compose herself. Alexia is seconds away from ugly-crying. Ew.
“You thought he’d… what, Alexia?” It’s taking all my effort not to lunge at her and rip her hair out. That and I can’t really lift my arms. I’m sure my eye is swelling, I’m bleeding, and she’s sorry? Well, whoop-de-freaking-do. Good for her to have a few emotions. Good for her to finally act like a normal human being and apologize for doing something she shouldn’t have even thought to do in the first place. Fucking dandy for her.
“I thought he’d just get a good story, you know.” She takes a breath. “Something to ruin your reputation.”
Even more than before. Way to dream big.
The crowd’s thinned completely, leaving only the three of us, and a snoring Ryder, in the room. I want so much to be home right now. I want to be away from this but part of me wants to see what else Alexia has to say. That part of me just wants ammunition to take her out because she’s not saying anything useful right now.
I shrug my shoulders. “If you haven’t noticed, my rep is already pretty shot but nice try.” I turn away from her, leading Zephyr from the room. I don’t need this—I don’t need any of this. Parties aren’t my thing, aren’t my place, to begin with but I did this for him because it’s what he wanted to do tonight. It’s just another thing Alexia Cavanaugh’s hatred for me ruined. “Take care of your boyfriend,” I tell her.
“He’s not my boyfriend,” she whispers back.
“Then I guess you’re lucky.”
Zephyr leads me out.
Fifty-One
I crawl into my waiting bed. I am clean and dry after taking the longest shower known to … well, me. The longer I stood beneath the stream of scalding hot water, the more I felt Ryder’s touch disappearing from my skin, peeling away like a distant memory. My aunt is at work and Zephyr is sitting on the edge of my bed, making sure I’m okay even when I tell him I’m fine.
Like normal, he doesn’t believe me.
At least my eye isn’t swelling, that’s a plus.
“You can lie in my bed,” I tell him, reaching for his hand. He is sitting awkwardly next to me, looking down at me as if I am some fragile thing, a wilting flower he needs to protect. I don’t want to be protected right now. I only want my boyfriend. Is that too much to ask? “You know, with me.”
He yanks his hand away, standing up and backing away from the bed. Zephyr holds his hands up in front of himself, protecting himself. “No, I can’t.”
I take a deep breath. “Zephyr.” I sit up, looking to my boyfriend as he paces back and forth, his fists clenching and unclenching at his sides. “I told you, I’m fine.”
“I should be punching his fu—”
“Zephyr Kalivas, no talking like that. It’s New Years.” I reach out my hand like a greedy little kid, wanting only one thing.
He looks to me, the softness of his eyes returning, and he reluctantly takes a step toward my bed, taking my hand. His thumb glides along the back of my hand, tenderly sliding along my skin. His hands are warm, hot even. The heat radiates through me, flowing through my arm and along my body. My breathing slows as our eyes connect—so much passing between us and yet nothing at all. We only want to be with each other. We only need each other.
Reluctantly, Zephyr joins me, snuggling beneath the blankets. I drape my arm over his stomach, placing my head on his chest. The soft thump-thump, thump-thump of his heart is enough to calm my nerves. But add his hand drawing circles on my back and I am ready to do just about anything.
“I’m sorry about tonight,” I whisper to his button-up, wishing I could change the last three hours.
“It wasn’t your fault.” I can hear the bitterness of his voice. He’s right, I know it, but the last thing I wanted to do was ruin our planned evening. I let the words die on my tongue, and it is okay. The silence surrounding is comforting, relaxing, and I dive right in, feeling the warmth caress every part of me.
“Any resolutions you want to make?” I ask, disturbing the silence developing around us.
“Nothing worth telling,” he answers. The circles grow bigger. “You?”
I close my eyes. “They’re a secret,” I whisper, smiling.
“Only for you,” he whispers to the top of my head before pressing a quick kiss into my damp hair.
I lean up, looking at the boy in my bed. His head resting upon my pillow, his arms draped around my waist, and I’ve never wanted him more, I’ve never needed him more. My only resolution for the New Year is to let everything go and live without regrets. And my one regret is waiting to let Zephyr in.
Something blooms within me, something strong and south, something I’ve never really noticed before. It burns and blossoms, taking control, and I can’t help it, I need to feel him everywhere.
I lean closer, closer, closing the distance, and press my lips against his, gently, tenderly at first, before welcoming him in. His hand fists against the fabric of my t-shirt, balling against my side. His other hand threads into my hair, resting on the back of my neck.
Throwing my leg over his body, I feel him pressing against my core, ready. And I think I’m ready. No, I know I’m ready.
I think.
Want dissolves into need and need controls my entire body, coursing through me. It begins with my hands on the buttons on his shirt. My hands glide over the sculpted muscles of his stomach, feeling every ridge, every detail I’ve traced time and time again when it’s been just the two of us trying to discover each other.
His hands slide up my legs, electricity scorching through every touch into my tender skin. I want him to touch all of me. I want to feel his fingers everywhere, gliding against me. I want to feel his skin against mine. He grips my lower back, pulling me closer. I move against him, listening to his moan escape his throat. It’s fueling my fire.
I slide my hands up the bare skin of his chest, grabbing his neck.
“Joey,” he whispers as my lips near his. His breath plays against my cheek, his breathing hard and fast as my hands trail down his body, dipping lower and lower until I’m at the band of his jeans, playing with the button, working up the courage to unbutton it.
His hands slide up my sides, feeling scarred flesh, feeling me and only me, and I love the fire from his fingertips. Without thinking, I tug my shirt over my head, revealing the lacy white bra I didn’t think he’d see tonight. Zephyr’s eyes widen with the sight of me, and I can see his wish to devour me whole. I can also see his chaste wish just to be with me. In his eyes, I can see he truly loves me.
He flips me onto my beck, covering my body with his own, and I grip onto him, pulling him closer, wanting him closer. His chocolate eyes find mine as he touches his forehead to mine, keeping his lips from me as his breathing evens out.
Zephyr takes this moment to let his eyes scour my body, holding back. He licks his lips, his hands greedily gripping my skin. “We don’t…” he pauses, catching his breath. “We don’t have to do anything, Joey.”
“I know.”
He smiles. Gently, he presses his lips to mine before trailing lower and kissing my stomach. Then again, and again, until I realize he is kissing every scar, every imperfection on my body.
“Zephyr,” I moan out. His hair tickles along my flesh as he nears closer.
I grab his shoulders, fisting the fabric of his shirt in my hands until he takes the hint and tosses it aside, leaning over me, slowly nearing closer and closer until I can feel his soft breath against my lips. His knees part my legs and he settles between, edging closer and closer until I can feel him, his want, pressing against me.
“Tell me what you want.” His hand caresses my cheek, soft fingertips trail down my flushed skin.
“I want you,” I moan out.
“Tell me,” he starts again, quietly. His other hand grips my hip, pulling my body closer to his. “What you want.” He presses into me.
“Z-z-zephyr,” I stutter out, shutting my eyes as a sensation blossoms deep within me. It's hot and fluid, flowing through my veins as he hovers above me.
I feel his body shake against mine. “Yes or no.” His breath is hot against my ear.
“Yes,” I breathe out.
He doesn't hesitate. His lips attack mine. They nip and tug at the swollen flesh as he savors every kiss, every moment between us.
He presses against me, I arch my back, and the feel of his skin, soft and smooth, against mine is enough to send me spiraling into a hazy daze. Zephyr's lips connect with my chest, trailing soft kisses down the center of my body. I want to beg him for more but my mouth refuses to make any sound other than the guttural moan of desire. I bury my hands in his hair, pulling him back up to kiss me while his hands fumble with the tie on my shorts. Slowly, and tentatively, he slips his hand between the soft pink fabric of my underwear and my skin, reaching until his hand reaches the desired destination.
So beautiful…
Baby girl…
My eyes snap open, but it wasn’t Zephyr who spoke. His mouth is too busy against my neck. I try and shake away the odd feeling, but something dense falls to the pit of my stomach, something I can't ignore.
You’re prettier than Mommy is, you know, the voice tells me.
No—no—no, I want to scream.
It won't hurt, I promise, baby girl.
This isn’t happening.
“STOP!” I scream. I shove as hard as my weak body will let me until Zephyr flings back, his eyes wild and lit with worry.
I clutch my hand to my mouth, hearing things. That’s it, baby girl. It won’t stop. Right … there … This isn’t happening. I squeeze my eyes shut, hoping to quiet the sounds, the voice, playing through my mind. Zephyr shifts and the nausea pulls through me, tugging from my stomach.
I can’t be here.
“Joey,” Zephyr calls as I grab my shirt from the floor and bolt from my room, locking myself in the bathroom.
I collapse against the far wall, my shaking legs weak, and my bones brittle. One false move and I’ll crumble, decay into ash, and blow away in the wind. One false move and I disappear. I clutch my stomach, keeping it down, keeping everything within me.
“Joey?” A light knock taps against the door across the tiny room. “Joey, please. Open up.”
I shake my head, tears trailing down my cheeks. I clutch the shirt to my chest, trying to hide the evidence. But the scars, they never go away, and they grow and grow, heat and burn, until I’m nothing but a scar. Jagged skin walking, trying to live.
“Please, tell me what happened.”
I can't.
I don't even know.
“Please, just open the door.”
You are so beautiful, so beautiful, the voice continues. I clutch my hands to my ears, willing the sounds to stop, willing them to disappear, but they only grow louder. Daddy's little girl, that's what you are. Daddy’s beautiful baby girl. Make it stop! Please, just make it stop.
“JOEY!”
I'm screaming. I’m screaming so loud. Pain erupts as my voice rips from my throat.
The door bounces against the wall before arms circle around my body, tugging me to a hard chest that is warm and comforting. But it isn’t what I want. The thought of his touch sickens me and I push against him until he moves.
“DON'T TOUCH ME!” I scream, shoving him away. I crawl back as far as I can, hitting my head against the wall. I wrap my arms around my legs and sob into my knees.
“Okay,” he concedes, backing away. “I won't touch you. You should probably put this on.”
I look up to see him holding out my shirt. I don't take it. I let his hand fall into his lap as he stares at me, sighing. His eyes train on the t-shirt, staring at what I was wearing, and my mind trails back to twenty minutes ago, when everything was okay.
“I'm sorry, Joey,” Zephyr begins, his voice pleading. “What did I do? I'm sorry for whatever I did.” His hands reach out for me but I recoil. He sees, defeat covering his face. Never have I recoiled from his touch, I’ve always welcomed it; I’ve always wanted him when everything else seemed to fail.
What’s going on?
How can I tell him he didn’t do anything? How can I tell him it was the voice inside my head? The voice of him.
“You need to go,” I blubber out.
“Joey—”
It takes everything in me, but I say it. “Zephyr, you need to leave. Now.”
I can't describe what happened to me, I can't begin to understand what just went through my mind, but what I do know is there is something wrong with me, something I can't begin to tell him. No matter how much I love him, I can never tell him this.
He leans back, drags his hand through his hair, and stands up. He buttons his jeans before he leaves the bathroom, taking one look at me before walking into my room to grab his shoes and shirt. It isn't long before he is gone and I'm lying across the floor, listening to the fireworks exploding outside the house.
Happy New Year to me.
Fifty-Two
I spent the rest of break hiding in my room with the blinds drawn, thinking about what my brain is trying to decipher, what secrets it’s trying to decode. Hilary spent most of her days off, because she was on vacation, with Patrick, but she stopped by my room a few times to check in on me. Every time, she found me in bed, lying on my side, and facing the wall. Sometimes I had ear buds stuffed in my ears, sometimes I just sat in silence.
“You okay?” she asked me one day. She walked into my room, without knocking, and flicked on the overhead light, blinding me as I lay in my bed. My blinds were drawn, I hadn’t turned on the lamp even, I just wanted to be alone and wallow.
I even avoided Zephyr.
I drag the blanket over my eyes, ignoring her question, and roll onto my side waiting until she walks out. I don’t need to hear about how happy she is with Patrick. I don’t need any advice on what to do with my troubles. I just need more alone time.
“Hey,” she says loudly. “Are you not talking to me?” she asks angrily. I can hear the harrumph in her voice when I don’t answer. I still don’t acknowledge her. “Joey!” she tries again.
I fling the blanket away from my head, staring at my aunt as she stands over my bed. “What do you want?” I snap.
Hilary crosses her arms over her chest. “Don’t take that tone with me, missy.” I swear, she snaps. “I haven’t seen you for the better part of a week. I’m making sure you’re alive. I’m allowed to do that.”
I roll my eyes. “I’m alive. You’ve got your proof. You can leave now.” The anger surges through my veins. Can’t she see I just want to be alone?
“What’s going on, Joey,” Hilary asks, concern and worry thick in her voice.
“Nothing is going on,” I snap. “Why can’t everyone just leave me the hell alone?” I roll over to my side, tugging my iPod from beneath my pillow and stuffing the buds in my ears. I just want to drown within the loud, screaming words of Otep.
I’m not sure how long she stayed, I’m not sure when she left, I just know that when I turned back around, she was gone and I was alone. Just like I wanted it. The only time I left my bed was to turn off my light.
The nightmares were getting worse, supremely. I could feel things. I could hear things. And everything made more sense.
I’m six years old and lying in bed when they start, they always start like that.
It’s late in the evening and Mommy just put me to bed, singing me a lullaby like she does every night. Then she leaves and I’m lying alone in the dark. I don’t like the dark, scary things happen in the dark, but Daddy won’t let me get a nightlight. I asked for a Disney Princess one.
My eyes slowly drift shut, closing out the minimal light streaming through the venetian blinds from the streetlamps, and I fall asleep.
Sometimes it takes minutes. Sometimes it takes hours.
The bed shifting wakes me with a start.
But it’s only Daddy.
“There’s my beautiful baby girl,” he whispers in the night. His hand reaches up to smooth my hair down, moving it away from my face as he glides his thumb along my cheek. He’s blurry without my glasses. “Want to make Daddy happy again?” he asks.
I know what that means and I don’t like it. I never did. But he tells me it makes him happy. He tells me it makes me his favorite and he loves me more. All I want is for him to love me.
I try to wake up then. I want to end it there. But I’m never lucky. It all plays out in my head; every sickening touch, every painful move, every gruesome detail, and I wake up in tears clutching my blankets to my chest thinking he is still in my bed. I’m permanently six years old; I’m permanently there with him, feeling his hands on my skin, his hot breath against my cheek, needing ten thousand showers and never being clean enough.
Fifty-Three
Zephyr continues to call me, text me, he even sends me emails, but I don’t respond to any of it. I don’t know what to tell him. There isn’t an easy way to explain anything inside my head right now. Oh, yeah, sorry about New Year’s Eve but, as it turns out, my dad molested me as a kid. That’s why I freaked the fuck out when you touched me, because I had a memory. It’s not you; it’s me and my psycho issues. As much as that makes sense, I can’t tell him that.
I should just break up with him. It would be easier to cut the ties sooner rather than later. It would save him pain just to walk away.
When classes start up, I do my best to tune Jamie out in the morning, pretending there is something I need to do in my room before we head out for school. I even ignore Zephyr as he tries to talk to me in the car, but it’s useless, he is in my first class of the day—sitting right next to me. There isn’t much avoiding I can do when he’s less than two feet away from me.
“I’m sitting right next to you, Jo,” Zephyr whispers when Mr. Cheney has his back to the class. I can feel his eyes burn through me, almost like a silent plead for me. “I live right next door to you; you’ll have to talk to me eventually.”
I shake my head, trying to drown out the sweet, soothing sound of his voice as he inches closer to me. His breath plays against my cheek as he continues begging for me, begging for me to look at him—but I can’t. It’s too hard. I close my eyes, feeling tears beginning to well. I can’t show any weakness, I can’t show any emotion. Not right now.
The end of class is near. I continue looking at the clock above the door, glancing between it and the whiteboard, praying time moves faster. But as they say, a watched pot never boils. I continue my note taking while Zephyr tries to get me to look at him. His hand grazes against my arm, lightly dancing along my skin, tempting every nerve in my body to betray me.
It’s a disease, the desire for his touch, for him to envelop every inch of me. It’s an addiction, his touch, his kindness, his love—because I love him. And it can be his undoing.
I want to tell him to stop wasting his time. I want to gain the nerve to break up with him, just tell him to find someone better than me. There has to be someone out there better for him than me. I’m crazy—I see that now. There is something deep within me, disgusting and twisted that has just broken through the surface and revealed itself. I am not normal, I am tainted and impure, I am just… wrong for him.
But I don’t want to do that. The one thing I fear, even if we were no longer together romantically, is that I would lose his friendship. The one constant in my life. It pulled me from the darkness once, it saved me when I didn’t want to be saved, it helped me—Zephyr helped me in so many ways.
I can’t lose that. Not now.
The bell rings and I bolt from the room, carrying my notebook and textbook in my arms to save time. I push the swarming crowd, darting behind people and pushing them out of my way. I hear cries of ‘Hey, watch it,’ as I shove past, hoping to leave him behind but Zephyr catches up with me. My attempts to ditch him were useless.
“Joey, you need to—” he starts, the sound of hardback books and paper scattering around us cutting him off as my hands drop and my things fall around us.
“Balls!” I say, dropping down to grab everything.
None of this stops him, though. The determination is clear on his face. “Are you going to talk to me?” he asks, grabbing my notes before someone steps on them.
I don’t reply.
“Joey, please,” he begs. I can feel his gaze on me.
“I can’t,” I whisper, dropping down until I’m seated in the middle of the hallway. “I just… can’t.” Tears spring in my eyes, blurring my vision, and it’s taking all my strength not to lose it. Breathing—in and out, inhale and exhale—I need to remain in control if I’m going to do this.
“What do you mean?” Zephyr asks. “You can’t what?” His quiet tone breaks my heart and I wish for anything else to be the truth. “You can’t do this anymore?”
I foolishly look up to him. “Zephyr,” I whisper, seeing the pain etched on his face, the hurt in his eyes, and it’s like the beginning all over again.
“Are you breaking up with me?” he asks, his voice an almost inaudible whisper. I shouldn’t have been able to hear him, not with the students talking loudly as they passed, but his voice was able to float through the air and stab me in the heart.
It would be easy—lying and saying everything is fine. I’m just having a bad day, Zeph. I can keep it a secret. But breaking up with him, it would be for the best. He can do better than me, I know that. I am finally able to admit it. Zephyr and I were never meant for happily ever after, we would never get married, we would never grow old together. We would never buy that perfect little house with a wooden porch where we could sit out in the summer days watching our grandchildren play in the yard. Those dreams are too farfetched for someone like me.
Zephyr Kalivas, he can do so much better than me. One day, he will see this was for the best. This is for the best. He will understand that.
“Yes,” I tell the floor. Tears well in the corners of my eyes and I try not to blink. I can’t blink—he can’t see me cry. That would only show I’m wrong about this. I can’t be wrong. This is for him, this is for him, doing this is for him. I’ll keep saying it until it is burned and branded on my brain, until I can fall asleep and say it in my dreams, until I can look at him and know he’ll have a better life than he can ever have with me.
I’ll say it until it feels like the truth—until I can’t force it.
I don’t see the look fall from his face but I know it does. I hear his breath halt in his lungs but I know it does. I don’t see a lot of things, but I know they happen, just as I know Zephyr waited for me to look up at him. I do, but I pray my eyes don’t deceive me, that they don’t reveal the biggest secret hidden within me: I’m not sure I can move on without Zephyr in my life.
Moments pass between us, moments that feel like hours. We only stare at each other. My wall nearly crumbles, my resolve is wearing thin, and my breath is catching in my throat. Zephyr’s hand thrusts out, my notebook clutched between his gripping fingers. “Here.” It’s fast and hollow, the word that leaves his lips. No emotion on his face as he slowly turns away from me. I watch him walk down the hall fighting the urge to scream for him to come back. He weaves through the crowd, pushing through until he disappears.
My body slumps, sags in on itself as if I’ve been deflated. My heart has. It’s for the best. It’s for the best. I stare at tiles on the floor as the hallway empties around me. I’m supposed to be in class, I’m supposed to be in Calculus, but I can’t force myself to move. I can’t force myself…
The last place I want to be is school. What I did—I know it’s for Zephyr’s best interests. It’s for his own good that I push him away now rather than later and watch us both get hurt. So I stand up, grab everything scattered around me and head home.
I fling open the front door, spotting Hilary sitting at the dining room table with a cup of steaming coffee and the newspaper. She’s alone in the room. Perfect. I really need my aunt right now. “Joey?” she asks, her eyes popping up from the words in front of her. “What’s wrong? Why aren’t you in school?”
I drop my backpack on the floor and rush over to her to do something I’ve never willingly done before. I throw my arms around her and wait for hers to encircle me. I cry into her robe as she slowly rubs her hands up and down my back.
“What happened, honey?” she coos quietly when my blubbering calms. “Do you want to tell me?”
No but you’ll find out even if I don’t tell you. “I broke up with Zephyr,” I tell her.
“Why?”
“Because,” I start, sucking in a jagged breath. “It’s inevitable.”
I can’t tell her the real reason. That when he touches me, I see disturbing flashbacks; I hear voices and secrets of the past. I can’t tell her that since Zephyr and I started dating, my brain has been drowning in memories, forcing me to suffocate beneath the waves.
“You couldn’t know that, honey,” she whispers by my ear as my body shakes with sobs.
But I do because I am ruined. I am beyond flawed to the point where I can’t even recognize myself. I was chewed up and spit out, thrown away by my own mind. How can my own body betray me like this?
Fifty-Four
The dark seemingly hollow place sucks me back in just when I thought I had escaped. Dragging me by my hair until I fall away, pulling me lower and lower until the sensation is far too great. The feeling of suffocation and drowning is all I can feel, all that surrounds me.
I try to fight. I try to claw my way to freedom, but the struggle is too extreme, too overwhelming for my weak and fragile body. I can’t pull myself to safety. I can’t free myself from this hell I’ve dropped within.
Hell… Such a simple yet complicated word to describe this place.
This hell is too deep for me to climb from and too large for me to wander. What I want, what I crave, taunts and teases me as I wish for escape, pray for solace, but none come. And as I walk through this barren valley, this desolate place of heat and hell, I can’t help but wonder whom, if anyone can save me.
My steps throb the longer I walk, the longer my feet hit the worn path, my pace slowing as the fake stars blink and twinkle above—dangling carelessly above my head. The night sky taunts me, showing glimpses of a freedom I can’t find, a place I can’t reach.
But one false step, one stammer I can’t correct, one trip on the muddied earth, sends my body spiraling forward, aiming for the ground—only it disappears. It disappears and I’m just falling through the air, falling into nothing, my hands searching for holds but finding none. So I just fall. Twisting and turning, screaming without sound, I plunge further into the darkness. I fall until my back slams into something hard but soft, the force knocking the wind from my lungs, stealing my breath. I sink beneath the surface. The cold, dark water covers me: my mouth, my nose, my eyes. My vision goes blurry and I can’t release a sound.
I can’t breathe—I can’t breathe—I can’t breathe...
But I want to.
I need to.
I wish for the air to inflate my thinning lungs and give me life, but it’s only water. It’s weighing me down, sinking me deeper until my will to live, my urge to fight through this, ebbs—and finally, I just give up, willingly sinking because that is all I can do—sink.
The darkness above me, it’s too powerful and I just drift.
About the Author
Nessa Morgan was born in Seattle, Washington. Her room is filled with books and her head is filled with stories she can't wait to tell. PERFECTLY FLAWED is her first novel.



Other books by Nessa Morgan


Please visit your favorite ebook retailer to discover other books by Nessa Morgan:

Flawed Series
Perfectly Flawed
Beautifully Ruined
Completely Destroyed (Coming Soon)
Connect with Nessa Morgan
I really appreciate you reading my book!  Find me, friend me, follow me, add me here:

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/nessamorgan27
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/nessamorgan27
Blogger: http://nessamorgan27.blogspot.com/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/nessamorgan27
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/nessamorgan27

