The Descendants - Book 1
Mythos
By Vrinda Pendred
Cover Image by SelfPubBookCovers.com/Bill
Copyright © 2013 by Vrinda Pendred
Published by Vrinda Pendred
Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

ASIN: B00CNIMLXQ
For information, visit www.vrindapendred.com
This one’s for the Lazarus girls,
Ronnie and Nessie
PROLOGUE: 
MAY 2013
The grey-eyed boy flew down the M6 at unnatural speeds.  It was half-three in the morning and he was dismally aware that he didn’t have much longer until the sun returned.
The journey he was making could have taken him a day, including stops, but he’d made it last two days so far, because he didn’t want to see anyone - and because he preferred being able to push the car Top Gear style without worrying about careening into another vehicle.  Despite what the speedometer said, he didn’t have a death wish.
He glanced at the road signs that headed the motorway.  At some point, they had stopped indicating all the quaint little English town names like Bottom Flash and Sheepy Parva, and now they simply read THE SOUTH.  He’d started at the manor house he’d grown up in, in Carrickfergus, Northern Ireland, and was now somewhere between Birmingham and Coventry.
Tomorrow night, he would reach his destination:
London.
For hours, his phone had beeped wildly for attention.  In the end, he’d switched it off.  There were only two people who could be ringing him.  One was the man he was supposed to call his father.
The boy had listened to the first few voicemails with guarded amusement.  As if his father was worried about him.  The boy wouldn’t have been surprised if his father was more concerned about the car.  It was a 1973 convertible Jaguar E-Type in hunter green and mint condition, which had cost about €20,000 to buy and thousands more to maintain.  It had hardly been driven and sat in the double-garage at the back of their disconcertingly oversized house.  The boy had always thought it was a travesty not to take such a beautiful creature out more.
The boy, on the other hand, was a menace, in his father’s eyes.  He could do things, as he’d overheard it described to his mother.  He was dangerous.  He’d made a lightning bolt appear, for goodness’ sake, like he was Thor himself.  If he could do that, what more was he capable of?
It didn’t matter that he’d had a spotless record before.  It didn’t matter that he spent all his time alone with his nose in his books, while the other boys at the public school were occupied in rebelling against the parents they would ultimately come to emulate.  If anything, that just made him more dangerous.  After all, it was always the quiet ones you had to watch out for.
No, his father didn’t want him back - just the car.  The car had never hurt anyone, even accidentally.  And it had been in the family for longer.
The other person ringing him over and over and over was Melody.
When will you be here? she kept asking, like an impatient child in the backseat.  It was driving him mad.
They had been ‘together’ almost a year, now, but always at a distance.  She’d never had any real claims on his time before, and now that he was about to live with her, she was already showing signs of change.  She’d lost her easy charm and begun sounding needy in a way that didn’t bode well.  It made him a little sad.
But it didn’t matter, because although he’d told her he was coming to London to be with her - and as much as he’d told himself that was why he’d suddenly thrown away his cushy life, packed up his favourite books and a few changes of clothes and stolen the car - he knew it wasn’t true.
He was going to London because of the black pulse.
His whole life, he’d felt like he’d been trying to find something.  For a long time, he told himself it was because he was adopted.  He thought maybe he was trying to find love.  It was a good theory, bearing in mind all he’d ever received from the people who had taken him in as a baby was detached affection that smacked of obligation.  
That and driving lessons.  He begrudgingly had to thank them for getting him his licence.
Then one night, he had a dream that made him break out in a sweat upon waking.  In the dream, he’d been drawn to a pulsing light.  It was black and throbbing and he knew by instinct that it held fantastic power.  But most of all, he couldn’t stop thinking how beautiful it was.  He wanted it more than anything he’d ever wanted in his life - more than his real parents, more than Melody, more than the feeling he had when he was driving free down that motorway in the peace of night.
But he woke up just before he could touch it.  It left him feeling dissatisfied and desperate.  It was more than desire; he needed the dark light.
The dream followed him into the next night, and the next, and every night thereafter, never letting him go.  Suddenly, he was breaking every rule he’d ever set himself and becoming something he was not: a thief.
He stole into the garage and slipped into the car so easily.  It was like the Jag had been waiting for him to take it away.  In fact, everything about his escape had been easy, like he’d been wrapped in a protective bubble by whatever it was that wanted him to go.
South, it kept speaking to him in the night.
And finally, London.
Whatever it was he was searching for, that was where he would find it.
ITZY
ONE
July 2013
Itzy was writing when she got the phone call.
Or, more accurately, she was writing just before she got the call.  It often seemed to happen that way, as if the caller had known she was busy and kindly waited until she finished before they disturbed her.
It was July and the sun was high in the sky, streaming through her bedroom window and illuminating the pages of her notebook before her, on the desk.  But she hardly noticed.  She was caught in that ephemeral state between waking and dreaming, lost in a haze of grey.
The phone continued to cry out for attention.  She snapped out of her trance and picked up her mobile from where it sat on her desk.  She noticed the time displayed on the screen.
Two hours had passed and she couldn’t remember them.
She glanced back at the notebook, just as the phone stopped ringing.  The words staring up at her from the pages looked unfamiliar, as if she hadn’t written them herself.  But this didn’t surprise her the way it once had.
The phone started ringing again.  She could see it was her aunt Gwen, in Toronto.  Normally her heart did somersaults when she saw that her favourite member of the family was ringing.  But now, her chest swelled with heavy foreboding.
Her eyes darted from the phone to her notebook and back to her phone.
Then again to the notebook.
She didn’t know why, but she couldn’t shake the idea that something was very wrong.
As if moving through molasses, she pressed the button to take the call.
‘Hiya, Gwen,’ she answered, trying to sound like she didn’t think the world was ending.
Gwen’s response did nothing to allay her anxieties.  ‘I’m so sorry,’ she broke out through tears.  
Itzy sat up straight in her desk chair.  It swivelled a little, on its wheels.
‘Gwen, what’s wrong?’  She felt her heart rattle in her ribcage.  There was only one possible explanation for why her aunt would ring in such a state.  In fact, Itzy had secretly been preparing herself for this moment for years.  But now that it was upon her, she didn’t know what to do with it.
‘Your father….’ 
She didn’t have to finish, because Itzy already sensed what she was about to tell her.  But Itzy needed her to say it, anyway.  She needed to hear the words.  Somehow, it wouldn’t seem real until then.
Gwen swallowed and audibly shuddered.  ‘He’s dead,’ she blurted before a fresh wave of tears could drown her voice.
Itzy sank back in her chair with the phone pressed to her ear.  ‘…how?’
‘Suicide.  He…they found an empty bottle of pills….’
Itzy felt like someone had punched her in the gut.  The room spun around her until she forgot where she was.  Who knew how long she sat like that, listening but not really hearing her aunt cry.
Suddenly, Gwen said, ‘I’m sorry.’  It was the second time she had apologised for something that couldn’t possibly be her fault.  ‘I know you said you never wanted to talk about him again, but…I thought you ought to….’  She broke off again in a dreadful sob.
 ‘N-no,’ Itzy said.  ‘It’s okay.  I know what I said, but…thank you,’ she whispered.  She felt like she was on autopilot.
But this wasn’t one of her mysterious, uncontrollable trances.  This was life.
Then Gwen took a breath and said something very strange.  ‘There was a note.’
Her voice was so clear in Itzy’s ear that she could have been fooled into thinking they were only down the road from each other, rather than separated by the Atlantic Ocean.  She sounded worried.  Her niece could imagine her biting one of her nails on the other end of the phone.
When Itzy didn’t reply, Gwen asked, ‘Do you want to know what it said?’
Itzy couldn’t decide if she wanted this or not, so she remained silent, waiting for her aunt to make the decision for her.
Gwen told her.
When she finished, she said, ‘Itzy.  Maybe…maybe don’t tell your mother.’
Itzy shook her head, and then remembered Gwen couldn’t see what she was doing.  ‘I have to.  How can I keep this a secret?’
Gwen sighed down the line so heavily, her niece imagined she could feel her breath tickling her ear.  ‘I know.  I know.  I just wish….’
 ‘I wish a lot of things,’ Itzy said.  Before she knew what she was doing, she ended the call on her mobile phone.
What was wrong with her?  She never hung up on Gwen.
But she knew what was happening to her.  The moment consumed her like a vicious beast with hungry fangs.  She had worried about this day for seven years.
And now it had finally arrived. 
* * *
Itzy tossed her phone on the floor.  It made an unhealthy cracking sound, bounced once and landed face down in resignation.
She stared around her.  Her notebook still lay accusingly on the worn wooden desk, waiting for her to read over what had been written - but she was afraid to look.
Dizzy, she staggered to her bed, the teal flowered duvet neatly set.  She made it just in time, put out her hand and fell onto the bed.  Her body lay at an odd angle, twisting awkwardly, but she didn’t notice.
All she could think about was her father.
The trouble was that Itzy had what her mother had always called an ‘overactive imagination’.  Even if she wanted to stop the stories from coming into her head, she wasn’t sure it was possible.
As she lay there on the bed, it was as if she had been transported into her father’s house in Kent.  She’d never been inside it, so she had no idea what it looked like, and yet it was so vivid, she could almost believe the vision was real.
There he was, sitting at the desk in the room where they found him.  He wore a beige long-sleeved t-shirt with some esoteric Matrix-esque pattern on the front.  He had always been into strange designs that looked like they should have been stamped into a field out in Somerset.  His hair was thick and black, like Itzy’s.  He held his head in his hands, the rough fingers pressed against his scalp, his dark eyes closed in thought.
What was he thinking about?  His mistakes, maybe?  No wonder he looked so lost, suffocating from repression.
So that’s what he looked like when he was alone with his memories, Itzy thought, as if the vision were real and not just her imagination.  Maybe he was thinking of her, or of her mother.  Perhaps he could no longer live with what he’d done to them.  
The mantras repeated in his head: 
It’s my fault they hate me.
I don’t deserve to be alive.
He stared at an empty pill bottle on the desk.  It was a new bottle and he had swallowed its entire contents, not ten minutes ago.  It had been so frighteningly easy to swallow pill after pill after pill…to start the process.  And now it was too late to change his mind, whether he liked it or not.  Perhaps he could ring the hospital and get his stomach pumped…but no.  He had avoided doctors all his life and he wasn’t about to change his habits.
Just before he finally dropped from the desk and slumped onto the floor.  The pen slipped from his hands, and he thought something disappointingly inane, like, Why didn’t I ever get this desk varnished?
When Evelyn, or maybe their son, finally found him, Stephen Loveguard was gone.  There would have been tears, or maybe just shock.  Itzy had never known his second family, so she had no idea how they would react.  
His wife would have contacted Gwen -
who then contacted Itzy -
and told her there was a note on the desk.
And it read:
‘Don’t let them get my children.’
TWO
For a long time, Itzy just lay there.  In her mind, stars danced like the constellations printed on the indigo t-shirt she wore.  After a while, she no longer felt connected to her body.
Black streaked the air before her and she marvelled at it, wondering what it meant.  She often saw it when she slipped into one of her trances.
She trained her eyes on the lines, thinking maybe she could bend them with her mind.  But they would not be tamed.  They grew fatter and fatter, until they filled her vision and she was breathless with fear.  She wanted to return to her body and run from the shadowy monster forming before her.  But try as she might, she remained untethered from her body, trapped in a waking nightmare.
Help, she thought, unable to work her vocal chords.  Someone help me!
Out of the black, two faint lights shone through.  They gained intensity, breaking apart the darkness and forcing themselves into her view.  When they were large enough, she saw they were a pair of grey eyes, somehow comforting in their steel.
Then she plummeted back into her body at the sound of the front door being opened downstairs.  Her heart kicked into angry palpitations, as if she’d been on the verge of an important revelation and then cruelly yanked away from it.
‘Itzy?’ her mother called up the stairs a moment later.  ‘You home?’
She couldn’t move.  She felt like her whole body had been soaked in glue, holding her to the bed.  The sound of her mother’s footsteps climbing up the brief staircase was amplified, like the slow, drawn out pounding of feet in the Godzilla films Ash used to make her watch, when they were going out.
Myra finally reached the landing and nudged her daughter’s bedroom door open.  ‘Itz?’ she tried again.
She looked tired.  She always looked tired.  The divorce happened seven years ago, but she’d never really moved on from it.
She moved across the room and sat on the bed beside her only child.  She outstretched one of her long arms and ran her fingers through Itzy’s black hair.  It was tangled around her face.  ‘Itzy, what’s wrong?’
Itzy forced herself to sit up.  She lifted her knees to her chin and wrapped her arms around her legs, aware her posture probably made her look like a little girl.
‘I don’t know how to say this,’ she whispered.
Her mother’s body stiffened in anticipation.  ‘Whatever it is…just tell me.’
Itzy swallowed.  It was so hard, looking at her mother and remembering what she had once been.  Before Itzy’s father, Myra had been a strong, proud young woman who walked around town with her head held high and eyes flashing, daring the men to be good enough for her.  In those days, she wore funky pseudo-gothic clothing, long flowing black or purple crushed velvet skirts over black bodysuits that hugged her dancer’s figure.  She threw her hair - dirty blond, regularly streaked with flashes of deep chestnut - into artistic sculptures and stomped her feet in heeled boots that disappeared under her clothing and drove men to distraction, wishing they could follow where those boots led.
Then Stephen entered the scene.  Too many times Itzy had wondered how they had come together, but her mother had never been willing to tell her.  So Itzy had relied on her imagination.
In that world, they had run into each other at a nightclub, maybe.  Perhaps up north, where Stephen came from.  Or Brighton, where Myra had grown up.  Myra would have been shimmying seductively, looking like a Celtic goddess with her blond hair and heavily lined eyes.  Stephen, with his archaeology degree and his fascination with ancient mythology, hadn’t stood a chance.  Watching her in that room, as if they were the only two people there, he’d had no choice but to fall in love with her.
It didn’t matter that he already had Evelyn; after all, they weren’t married.
At least, that was how it had happened in Itzy’s head.
‘Itzy,’ Myra brought her back to the present.  She touched her palm to her daughter’s cheek in a rare display of mothering.  Real mothering that meant she hadn’t had time to go into the kitchen, yet.  
It encouraged Itzy.  Maybe this would be the turning point, the event that would shake her mother into finally moving forward with her life.
Itzy bit her lip and took the plunge.  ‘He’s dead,’ she announced.  The words felt like bile in her mouth, and she was suddenly very worried she would be sick.
Despite everything that had happened, all Stephen had done to them, Myra’s hand flew to her mouth in horror.  Her head quivered and she said, ‘No.’
Itzy inclined her head in dreadful affirmation.
‘He - he can’t - how?’
Itzy stared down at her hands.  They were strong and almost masculine.  Everything about her seemed to be an echo of her father.
‘No, don’t tell me,’ Myra decided.  She put her hand on her daughter’s shoulder to steady herself and swallowed hard.  ‘I’m sorry,’ she said.  ‘I know you…you need…I need….’
Itzy didn’t move.  How had she been stupid enough to delude herself into thinking anything would change?  She knew what her mother needed: a drink.
That had become her staple answer to all of life’s problems.  Sometimes it felt like alcohol had replaced Stephen as Itzy’s second parent.  Each day, Myra held it together just long enough to get through work, and then swiftly unravelled once she was home, with an eagerness that revealed the desperation she felt for that oblivion.
Myra stood, looking drunk even though she wasn’t - yet.  She staggered to her feet, giving Itzy time to reflect that her mother didn’t have any of Myra’s grace and elegance anymore, either.
Then she exited the room without another word, leaving her daughter sitting on the bed, feeling lost.  The sound of clattering in the kitchen could soon be heard, bottles being taken out, a glass being filled.
Then, a glass breaking.
Followed by hysterical crying.
The sounds brought Itzy back to one of the few memories she had that were solidly clear.  She had been nine.  It was late and Itzy had been sleeping, when she was woken by the sound of shrill screaming down the hall, where her parents’ bedroom lay.
There was a sound like something smashing, and then the night went ominously silent.  The room spun around Itzy as she drew the covers over her head, as though there were monsters waiting for her on her bed and she couldn’t bear to see them.
But the monsters weren’t in her room - they were in the room down the hall and they all had a name: Stephen Loveguard.  Her father had become the most terrifying creature Itzy could imagine.
Footsteps pounded down their staircase and then out the front door.  The door was flung open, and then slammed shut so heavily that it made the house shake.  Stephen had left.
But what had happened to her mother?
Itzy didn’t realise it, but the next thing she did was very brave.  She was trembling all over, her vision assaulted by images of her mother lying dead in her room, and yet Itzy found herself climbing out of bed, out of the safety of her room, and creeping down the darkened hallway.
The door had been left open, as if Stephen had wanted her to see. 
Myra Loveguard lay on the floor, a shattered lamp beside her and pieces of it embedded in her temple.  Her eyes were closed, like she was sleeping.
The air flew out of Itzy’s lungs.  It felt like shadowy hands were reaching out to grab her.  She spun around in a circle, trying to catch them.  If she faced them, they couldn’t get her; if she turned her back to them, they could.  Such was the logic of her nine-year-old mind.
Then, miraculously, she saw Myra was breathing - and Itzy rang 999.
By the time Stephen had returned, there were police, and Myra was being taken to Accident & Emergency.  She would be alright, they said.  Physically, at least.
Stephen feigned ignorance of what had happened.
‘I was out on a walk,’ he excused himself with frightening sincerity, as though he’d forgotten what he’d done.  ‘I’m not a very good sleeper.  She must have had an accident.’
Itzy had wanted to scream - to throw herself at the feet of the policemen and say, Can’t you see what a liar he is?  Can’t you see what he’s done?  But something stopped her.
Because Stephen was still her father, and that carried the sort of weight that makes children keep such secrets, even while they’re losing themselves inside.
Later, it had just been Itzy and her father, sitting in her room.  He behaved protectively of her, despite what he’d just done.  Was it possible he didn’t even know?
Neither of them bothered to switch on the lights.  Itzy tucked her knees against her chest and held herself closely.  She pressed herself against the wall that bordered her bed in an effort to get as far away from her father as she could.
And yet, hadn’t some part of her wanted him to hug her and tell her it would all be alright, too?  Hadn’t she also wanted him to say how much he loved her, and that he was proud of her for saving her mother?
But he didn’t.  Instead, he sighed and let his head droop so he was staring down at his fidgeting hands.  The darkness made his hair - grown out in those days - look even blacker than it was, like he was hooded in shadow.
Then he said it.
‘I’m sorry, Itzy.  I just…I don’t love your mother anymore.’
Her heart stopped beating.  Why was he saying this?  And why was he telling her, of all people?  Was this the way divorces happened?  She’d always entertained the mad notion that somehow her parents would work out their problems one day and things would get better.  The idea of severance had never crossed her young mind.
They remained that way a long time.  Itzy didn’t know where the time went or how it managed to pass so swiftly.  She disappeared into the silence, escaping inside herself like she often did.
An hour later, he got up to go.  He looked like he couldn’t remember what he’d come to see her about.  Outside, she could hear the birds starting to sing.
Oh yes, it had been spring.  It was meant to be a happy season.
Myra returned home the following day.  Stephen drove to the hospital to pick her up, as if she’d merely been away for a routine operation, nothing to do with him, not at all.
By the time they got back to the house, they were laughing together like friends.  Stephen was especially affectionate with her, touching her hair with a look of longing and adoration on his face.  But the bandages on Myra’s forehead couldn’t be ignored - not by Itzy, at least.  She was left wondering how her father could carry on the way he was, after what he’d confessed to her the night before.
Their marriage went on for another year, in that manner.  A month would go by without incident, and Itzy allowed herself to think perhaps Stephen really had changed.
Then she would wake up to the screaming again and know that, in a way, she was just like her mother.  They were both fooling themselves if they thought the violence would ever stop.
That was when she had written the story.
* * *
Itzy shook herself before she could go back down that path.  It never led anywhere good.
She needed someone - someone who would listen, someone who would get it, who would comfort her.
With a stab of longing, she realised the person she really wanted was Ash.  He had always been there for her.  When her mother was admitted to the hospital the year before, after falling down the stairs in one of her stupors, he’d been the one to take Itzy to see her.  He came back home with her and stayed with her all night.  Even though they had been dating for almost two years by that point, and even though he had just turned seventeen and she was sixteen and there had been no parents around to tell them what they couldn’t do, he hadn’t taken advantage of the situation.
But that was all over, and she had no one to blame but herself.
Itzy peeled herself off the bed and hunched down on the carpet.  It was beige and hideous and covered with a rug showing what her father once told her was a mandala.  It was something they drew in places like India and Tibet.  The Tibetan monks would spend months creating beautiful intricate mandalas out of coloured sand, a few painstaking grains at a time.  When the pictures were completed, the monks would sweep their hands through them and destroy them.
It was meant to teach them that nothing was forever, so there was no point in getting too attached; you would only hurt for it later.  She’d never understood the point of it, until now.
Itzy picked up her much-abused mobile phone and inspected it for damage.  It had survived, this time.  Thin lines spidered across the screen from all the other times she had thrown the phone in anger.  She sometimes got like that, without knowing why and without seeing it coming first.  It was those times when she most felt like her father’s daughter.
There was only one person Itzy could ring. 
Itzy pressed a button on the touch-screen and put the phone to her ear.  It rang once, twice, three times, before a cheerful voice answered.
‘Hey, Itzy, you alright?’
‘…Devon….’  The words got all jumbled up in her head.  She could see the letters swarming in front of her like a plague of wasps, but she couldn’t make sense of them.  They refused to connect, to make a sentence.
Her best friend could tell something was wrong.  ‘Itz, what is it?’ she asked, the cheer fading from her voice.
‘My dad….’
That was all she needed to say.  
‘I’ll be right round,’ Devon said, and she hung up without saying goodbye.
THREE
 ‘I can’t believe he did that,’ Devon said.  
They were both in Itzy’s bedroom now.  It was what estate agents would have called a ‘good-sized room’, which meant it wasn’t exactly a cupboard, but it wasn’t very big either, and all the posters crammed wherever there was space only made it feel smaller.  
But it had always been the one place that was hers.  It was where she could go to be with herself, to implode, as she thought of it.  It was where she could hide.
Itzy didn’t like blank space - it felt lonely - so she had covered every inch of her room in imagery, words and the loud colour she never quite managed to exhibit in her own appearance.
On the walls were arty black and white photographs of bands and singers Itzy loved; drawings Ash had done of manga-style monsters opening their jaws and gaping stupidly out of the paper; quotations from famous writers that Itzy had printed in oversized coloured fonts so no one could miss their twisted and perhaps misguided approaches to optimism; a large poster board covered in photographs of Devon and Itzy posing in a variety of outfits and fancy dress costumes, their faces moulded into faux-model expressions.
When she ran out of walls, she’d turned to the ceiling.  Up there were glow-in-the-dark stars and posters of planets, nebulae, places she often went to in her fantasies.  All this was bordered with multi-coloured fairy lights.  
Amidst this landscape, Itzy lay on the floor, on her stomach, yanking loose threads out of the mandala rug in her own rendition of the Tibetan lesson in impermanence.  
Devon caught her eyes.  ‘I always knew your dad was an arse,’ she said in her pragmatic way, ‘but this?  It’s something else.  It’s…I don’t know what it is.’  
Itzy sighed.  Devon may not have been blessed with Itzy’s talent for words, but she somehow always got it.  She was the one person Itzy never had to explain herself to.  
Itzy met Devon Anderson when they were five.  They went to school together.  The other kids used to say Devon was really a boy, because of her short hair.  Her mother had got so sick of cutting chewing gum and dirt out of her daughter’s hair that she made her get it sheared around her ears.  It didn’t help that Devon was ginger.  
Itzy, on the other hand, had the pretty girl hair, black flowing down her back like a waterfall, with dark piercing eyes.  But she was still a target for bullying, because she had a weird name and her hair reminded her classmates of Roald Dahl’s The Witches.  
Itzy had immediately felt an affinity with the other girl and, one day, decided to sit with her during free play.  They coloured pictures together, without speaking.  Several pictures later, Devon had looked up from her drawing, her hands smattered in felt tip ink, and said, ‘I like your hair.’
There were times, early on, when Devon came round Itzy’s house to play.  Itzy had thought it would be safe because Stephen had a habit of being on his best behaviour when they had company.  It was useful, because it meant Itzy didn’t have to sacrifice what little social life she had as a little girl simply because of her father’s unpredictable outbursts of violence.  It was also infuriating, because it meant that if Itzy had told anyone what her father could be like, she was convinced no one would have believed her.  
Then, inevitably, when they were seven years old, Devon saw it herself.  
They hid in her bedroom wardrobe in silence for a long, long, long, long time.  It wasn’t the first time Itzy had hidden in there, but it was the first someone had ever hidden with her, and she realised it made all the difference in the world.  
She thought, after that, Devon would never speak to her again.  She would be too afraid, too upset.  She would tell her parents, who would forbid her from playing with Itzy.
But to her shock, she felt Devon reach for her hand and squeeze it.  She didn’t let go until the screaming finally died down and the front door slammed, as Stephen left for one of his walks he went on to forget everything he had just done.
When Devon finally spoke, it was to ask, ‘Does that happen a lot?’
And for the first time in her life, Itzy admitted the truth.  She told her everything, and Devon didn’t run.  She never told her parents.  Rightly or wrongly, it became a secret Itzy and Devon shared.
Now, she looked up at her friend where she sat at the desk, her long legs crossed over each other.  She was impossibly thin, but with curves that made her look stunning even in the skinny jeans and strappy tops she wore.  
A lot had changed since they were little girls.  Itzy still had the long black hair and piercing eyes, but there was a toughness that went with the look and scared boys away.  She never quite took shape, remaining waifish, while Devon had finally been allowed to grow her hair, had filled out and become the subject of badly written poetry and drunken proposals in the college bar she technically wasn’t supposed to go to until she was eighteen.  Her fair skin made her look almost angelic, and the light freckles dashing their way up her nose and cheeks lent her a sense of innocence that boys were desperate to take away from her.
Devon’s voice snapped her out of her thoughts.  ‘What’s this?’
Itzy blinked.  ‘What’s what?’
‘This.’  Devon waved one of her braceleted arms at Itzy’s notebook, which still lay open on the desk, demanding to be deciphered.
‘Oh.’  Then, ‘Oh.’  Itzy lifted herself from the floor and walked over to the other girl.  ‘That.’
‘Yeah, that.  What is it?’
‘What does it look like?’ 
Devon let out an exaggerated sigh.  ‘It looks like one of your stories.’
‘So there’s your answer, right?  Mystery solved.’
Devon gripped Itzy by the wrist and forced her to make eye contact.  ‘You think you killed him,’ she said more than asked.  
Itzy bit her lip.  A layer of skin tore and she tasted the familiar iron of her own blood in her mouth.  For the second time that day, she worried she might be sick.  
Devon still held her dark, pupil-less eyes with her own green ones, but she let go of Itzy’s arm.  ‘Itzy, this is not your fault, yeah?  You didn’t kill him.  He swallowed a bunch of pills like the coward he is.  No one made him do that.  It was his stupid choice, not yours.’
‘But the stories -’
‘Are stories!’ Devon yelled in her face.  She closed her eyes for a count of three and took a breath.  When she reopened her eyes, she looked calmer, like she’d reached inside and found her happy place.  ‘Look, Itzy, I know how hard this must be for you.  Actually, I tell a lie.  I haven’t the foggiest how hard this must be for you.  It’s just so, so big.’  Her arms formed the shape of an expanding bubble in the air, to exemplify her point.  ‘But you can’t go blaming yourself, on top of everything else you must be feeling.  You don’t need that.  And you don’t deserve it.’
Itzy knew she was right.  But knowing something wasn’t the same as feeling it.  
‘I can’t stop seeing it,’ Itzy said.  ‘I keep seeing him doing it.  I want to climb into the picture and touch him, maybe stop him, you know?  But it’s like a bad dream.  Every time I try to speak, to tell him there must be some other way, my voice just doesn’t work.’
Devon’s face filled with sympathy.  ‘Oh, Itz,’ she said.  Then she was on her feet, wrapping her long faintly freckled arms around her the way Myra should have done.  She pulled her close and held her there.  ‘I know you hadn’t spoken to him in…’
‘Seven years,’ Itzy supplied in a dull voice.
Devon nodded.  ‘Right.  But you know…it’s okay to cry.’
Itzy leaned into her friend.  ‘I wish I could,’ she whispered.  The truth was she had never allowed herself to cry over her father.  And now, try as she might, she couldn’t make the tears fall.  They sat lodged in the backs of her eyes, the telltale lump ominously blocking her throat.  She would have no relief.
‘Gwen invited me to the funeral,’ Itzy made out through Devon’s burnt-orange hair.
Devon drew back so she could look at her.  She smoothed her friend’s black mane with one of her hands.  ‘Are you going?’
Itzy nodded.  ‘I think I have to.’
Devon frowned.  ‘You don’t.  Not if you don’t want to.  No one would expect it.’
‘No, I mean…this is for me.  I just feel like I have to be there.’
‘Do you want me to come with you?’ Devon offered.  ‘You need someone.  I doubt your mum will go.’
Itzy pulled away and stood very still.  ‘I’d like that.’  She gave a small smile.  ‘Thank you.’
Devon rolled her eyes to lighten the mood.  ‘You know I’ll always be there for you, yeah?’
Yes, Itzy knew.  Devon had proven herself time and time again.  Even when….
The two of them moved to the bed and sat down, facing each other.  ‘How are things with Ash?’ Itzy asked.
Devon raised a golden eyebrow.  ‘You really want to talk about that?  After what’s happened?’
‘I can’t face thinking about it anymore,’ Itzy told her.  ‘It’s horrible.  I need distraction.  Please.’
Devon studied her friend’s face.  Itzy’s skin was darker than Devon’s, but not in that sought-after tanned way; more like it was perpetually covered in sand.  
Devon leaned back on her palms.  ‘Things are fine.’  
‘Fine?  That’s it?’
Devon sighed.  ‘I guess I still don’t feel comfortable talking about this with you.’
‘Dev.  You don’t need to feel awkward about it.  It’s not like you went behind my back or something, right?  You asked if I minded if you went out with him and I said no.’
An idea danced in Devon’s eyes.  ‘But did you really mean it?’
‘Have I ever lied to you?’ Itzy said.
‘No.  But there’s always a first time.’
‘Devon!’  Itzy grabbed a pillow and threw it at her.  It bounced off her head, messing up the side of her hair.  ‘I didn’t lie to you, and I don’t mind that you’re going out.  I’m even chuffed for you, I really am.  Ash and me…we just didn’t work.’
Devon looked like she wanted to ask something, but wasn’t sure how to say it.  Then, changing tracks, she said softly, ‘Do you think your brother will be there?’
Itzy flicked a piece of hair out of her face.  ‘Where?’
‘The funeral.’
‘Oh.’  Itzy scooted backward on the bed and leaned back so her spine and head touched the wall.  ‘Probably.’
‘Do you think maybe he’ll talk to you now?’
Itzy shrugged, as if to say, Who knows?  Who cares?  Except she cared very much.  For Itzy, the discovery that she had a brother out there made her feel like her whole life had been a lie.  It changed the reasons behind so many early events in her life.  It rewrote the story of her life, by giving it a foreword.  
Itzy had always wanted a brother.  Then, in one brief earth-shattering moment, she learned she had one.  But the events of the past made it so she couldn’t connect with him in the present.  She’d only met him once, and then - 
‘He’s always made it clear he wants nothing to do with me,’ she reminded Devon.  ‘And I don’t blame him.  Maybe we didn’t find out about them until I was ten, but he’s still older.  At the end of the day, he was our dad’s first family.  Of course he resents me.’
‘Maybe it’ll be different now,’ Devon suggested.
But Itzy very much doubted this possibility.
* * *
That night, Itzy dreamt of her father.  She was in her room and she saw him standing at the window.  He held his hands together behind his back and he gazed out at the night sky.  Her curtains billowed for no discernible reason.  They ballooned around him like a cape, and his face filled with moonlight.
‘Dad?’ she whispered to his phantom.
He didn’t reply.  He just kept standing there, staring outside.  She knew what he was looking at: the stars.  He had always loved the stars.  One of his favourite subjects had been the pyramids of Egypt, because of their apparent connection to the constellations.
She stepped out of her bed, gaining a grace she didn’t possess while awake.  She glided more than walked toward him, and met him at the window.  When she arrived at his side, he raised one of his arms and pointed to the sea of black that lay above and all around them.
‘They’re out there,’ he said.  ‘They’re searching for it.’
Trembling with fear, she asked, ‘Who?’
But all he said was, ‘They’re coming.’  His eyes were steadily fixed on the sky, refusing to look at his daughter.  ‘They’re so close to knowing the truth.  And when they do….’
Then he looked at her.  His head twisted around unnaturally, while his body remained forward, like an owl.  His eyes were gone and the skin of his face had shrunk around what she knew was his missing brain.  It had been pulled out like one of the mummies he’d always been so fascinated with.  
‘Itzy,’ the thing that used to be her father whispered.  He stepped forward and reached for his daughter, all the time repeating:
They’re coming.
They’re coming.
They’re coming.
Her body had gone numb; she could no longer feel her legs.  They were stuck to the floor and she couldn’t move away from the creature as he stroked her head with what she now saw was his rotting hand.  One of his fingers came away easily in her hair, and a scream rose up in her throat but would not come out.
‘Don’t let them get my children,’ her not-father whispered in her ear.  ‘Don’t let them get you, Itzy - don’t let them -’
The scream escaped her mouth.  It was long and loud and she woke to find she was screaming for real.  She covered her mouth with one of her hands to stop herself, the other hand on her chest, trying to calm her breathing.  
Everything in the room looked alive, like it might move at any second.  Faces grinned down at her from the posters on the walls.  She had the insane notion that hands might fly out from under the bed and grab her ankles, dragging her down into some underworld she found too easy to visualise.  
Myra didn’t come for her.  She was too inebriated to notice her daughter screaming down the hall.  This fact had an ironically sobering effect on Itzy.
At once, she shook off her nightmarish paranoia.  This wasn’t a dream; this was reality.  And reality didn’t contain living furniture and monsters under the bed.  Reality was her dead father and her absent mother.
She scrambled out from under the covers and knelt at the window that sat above her bed.  She folded her arms on the sill and looked out.  The sky looked just as it had in her dream.  She found herself drawn to a corner of space that seemed to bend before her eyes, as if it housed something invisible but vast.
‘They’re coming,’ she whispered, without knowing what it meant.
FOUR
The funeral was a bigger affair than either of the girls expected.  It was held in an old crumbling church in a historical village Itzy’s father had apparently loved, near his home in Ashford.  As it was in Kent, the journey had taken the girls over two hours from where they lived in Ealing, in West London.
The village was so small, it didn’t show up on most maps.  It consisted of about twenty houses, a large green and the church, surrounded by an unsettling graveyard filled with moss-covered tombstones, most of which had been installed in the eighteenth century.  Weeds grew over the stone rectangles embedded in the soil, obscuring the names of those who lay beneath.
Despite the modest setting, there must have been a hundred people at the funeral.  The doors had to be left open so people could throng around outside and listen from the graveyard.  Itzy had no idea who most of the people might be.  She only recognised a handful as her father’s colleagues, those strange antisocial types who had accompanied him on his archaeological digs, or worked with him at the university where he lectured, but weren’t exactly his friends.
She remembered some of them had awkwardly tousled her hair when she was a little girl, as if they thought that was what you were meant to do with children, but then promptly ignored her because they only knew how to speak about things that had been dead for millennia; they didn’t understand this strange thing called life.  A bit like her father.
The crowd reminded her how well-liked Stephen had always been.  People had regarded him as a genius of a different order, which gave him licence to be eccentric.  No one had ever taken Myra seriously when she finally came out with her secrets.  Stephen?  Stephen Loveguard?  No.  You must be making things up.  Any friends Myra had once shared with Stephen had taken his side in the divorce, and any friends Myra had before Stephen had taken their leave long ago because he hadn’t approved of them.
At the front of the church, near the altar, was Gwen.  She had the same black hair that ran in that side of the family.  It was pulled into a bun that was pierced with a glossy black chopstick.  She wore a sombre mourning suit, the skirt stopping below her knees.
Beside her was a woman Itzy only vaguely remembered from broken childhood memories: her father’s first love, but second wife, Evelyn Loveguard.
And beside her was Itzy’s brother.
Osiris.
Just like in the story Itzy had written, Stephen Loveguard had known about Osiris.  But he had chosen to walk out on him before Osiris was old enough to walk himself.  Otherwise, perhaps her brother would have escaped their father’s ridiculous names.  Osiris and Itzel: surely that was some form of child abuse.  But Stephen’s fixation with mythology had been a third member of his romantic relationships and somehow the women in his life had bent to his will on the point of naming their children.
Itzy had once made the mistake of asking her father what her name meant.  He’d been in an excitable mood at the time, frantically scribbling ideas in a notebook he kept, the cover of which was decorated in black and white splotches.  She’d been nine then, going on ten.  It was after he told her he no longer loved her mother.  After she had decided he was a liar.
‘You were sent to me,’ he had answered, ‘from the stars.  You’re here to teach me things - to teach me the mysteries of the universe, of life.  That’s all that matters, Itzy.  That’s who you are.’
Then he’d held her gaze meaningfully, as if attempting to send some coded message into her head without speaking.  But more than that, he looked at her with awe and reverence, as though she might have been his redeemer.
Later, she’d looked up her name in one of her father’s books.  As it turned out, Itzel was an old Mayan name.  It meant ‘rainbow girl’, or something like that, though she never managed to identify with it.  Rainbows were bright and colourful, a flash of optimism in the midst of a storm, while Itzy was dark and sullen.
Osiris was the name of the Egyptian god of the dead.  Itzy wondered if her half-brother used it in full, or if he shortened it to avoid getting beaten up.  Not that he looked like he needed protecting, now that she could see what he had grown up to become.
She felt a chill run through her at the memory of when she’d last seen him.  She had been ten, and he twelve.  He hadn’t been much taller than her.  Boys tended to develop later, Myra had told her, back when she still had some of her wits about her.  But even though Itzy might have been big enough to knock him down, something in his expression had stopped her.  There was a haughtiness, like he didn’t just think but knew he was better than her - than anyone.
Stephen had once made a go at trying to bring his two families together.  He said he wanted the children to know each other, so he picked Itzy up from the house they had once shared together, with Osiris in the passenger seat of the car, already replacing Itzy.
They were taken to see a film neither of them paid any attention to and Osiris later declared was boring.  Then they went out to eat together at Nando’s, as if a brother and sister relationship could somehow be formed by sharing a bowl of chips.  Later, Itzy learned Osiris had told their father he never wanted to see his supposed sister again.  
Then Myra had lost the plot, which got Itzy out of having to see her father.
Sometimes Gwen would tell Itzy what a good boy Osiris was; it was such a shame they couldn’t have known each other all along.  She remembered him as a baby.  She remembered when her brother left him behind.
Finally, Itzy had told her aunt she just couldn’t deal with hearing about her brother anymore.  To know she might have shared something with him in another life, had things played out differently, felt like being handed an enormous bar of chocolate only to be told that the second you took a bite, it would disappear. 
* * *
As she looked at Osiris from the side, Itzy found she could still see the old arrogance she remembered in him.  It was woven into the straightness of his back, the lifted chin, the way he stared directly at the coffin when everyone else was trying desperately to look absolutely anywhere else.  From afar, at least, everything about him was severity and coolness.
Or was it shock?
‘Is that him?’ asked Devon.  They sat in a pew second from the front, on the other side of the church.  Devon had taken the aisle seat, to shield her friend from the stares she was getting from some of the other guests, as though she were some b-list celebrity they were considering taking tasteless photos of and sending in to a cheap tabloid.
‘Yes,’ Itzy answered her friend.
Devon wrinkled her nose.  ‘What got stuck up his -’
‘Friends,’ a priest said, now standing before them at a podium and breaking off the Mozart composition that had been playing - a favourite of Stephen Loveguard’s.  ‘Family.  Let us begin.’
Itzy tried to concentrate on the priest’s words, but again they floated in her vision and refused to assemble themselves into sentences that made sense.  She caught fragments, and they made her dizzy to hear them.
‘Above all else, he was a family man.’
In fact, Itzy added in her head, he liked family so much, he had two.
‘He had deep belief.’
That he could get away with whatever he wanted.
‘But he was a troubled soul.’
Aren’t we all?
It occurred to her that it was amazing Stephen was having a church funeral at all, bearing in mind he’d taken his own life.  Maybe no one had told the priest.
Finally, after what felt like an interminable length of time, Devon squeezed her hand, letting her know the first part of the service was over.  
* * *
They stood and waited their turn to say goodbye to the deceased and Itzy watched as her beloved aunt approached the coffin.  Gwen’s expression was unreadable as she leaned over and kissed her dead brother’s cheek.  Then she stood sombrely, her cheeks marked with the tracks of tears, and stepped away.
Next was the wife.  Evelyn.  As expected, she wore black, but she had taken it one step further: the length of her limbs were shrouded in mourning colour, and even her throat was covered.  She looked like she was drowning in grief.
Yet she held herself with formidable composure.  Perhaps that was where Osiris had learned it from.  She was nothing like Myra.  Or maybe she was like the old Myra, before she’d had her heart smashed into a million pieces and decided to use drink as a way of gluing them back together.
Evelyn didn’t kiss the body.  She glanced at him, her hands stoically clasped in front of her.  Then she walked on, like she couldn’t bring herself to touch the thing that had once shared her bed every night.
It was Osiris’ turn.  He stood very still over the body.  For a hideous moment, Itzy had the insane thought that he was about to bend down and bite the corpse.  Except that was ridiculous.  She was going to have to tell Devon to stop filling her head with the plotlines of all those trashy fantasy-horror novels she read.
Osiris surprised her by leaning over and dropping just the faintest kiss on his father’s forehead before moving on.  For a moment, Itzy thought she saw his posture bend under the weight of some undefined emotion.
Then nothing stood between Itzy and her father’s corpse.  She felt a hand on her shoulder and she knew Devon was there for her.  It filled her with renewed strength and stirred her forward to the mud-coloured coffin - all the better to blend into his new surroundings.
Stephen lay as if in deep sleep.  It was strange to think he would never wake up.  Itzy’s mind was filled with the happier images of childhood.  The time he took her kite flying in the park; he’d misjudged the wind and it wound up hurling their kites into a tree.  Itzy had cried.  Then Stephen had climbed the tree.  The other parents gaped, but he didn’t care.  He clambered up the branches and yanked the coloured fabric out, then hopped down onto the ground, crushing the grass with his weight.  He brought the kite back to her and crouched down so they were at eye level.  He stroked her cheek and said, ‘Don’t cry, Itzy.  Daddy made it better.’
The times when she walked in on her parents cuddling on the sofa like a pair of teenagers.  They would leap apart, some Freudian part of their brains telling them their child shouldn’t see them being affectionate, but Itzy had loved it.  It was what had once reminded her that they loved each other, before she knew it wasn’t true.  It was what she held onto when Stephen changed.
It didn’t just happen one day, or even gradually.  It was like turning a light on and off.  One moment, he was bouncing Itzy on his knee and clapping her hands together for her; the next, he was throwing her off, not caring when she cried out after hitting her head on the tiled floor of the kitchen.  One moment, he was kissing her mother like his life depended on it; the next, he was flinging a kitchen knife in her direction and only missing her neck by inches.
Looking at her father now, it was hard to believe he’d ever been capable of such horror.  He wore the face of Loving Stephen, the one who climbed into trees to rescue kites for daughters in distress.  There wasn’t a trace of Hateful Stephen, who threw his family around like old dolls he’d outgrown.
That was what made it so hard.  She wasn’t sure who she was saying goodbye to.  This wasn’t Stephen.  It was like a photograph; it couldn’t capture the whole person, but rather just one angle.  People were the sum of their movements, gestures, expressions, voices, everything.  And Stephen was the sum of his moods.  This body lying before her - it wasn’t her father.  She didn’t know where her father was.
A scream filled her chest and she slammed her fist into her mouth to stop it from erupting from her.  Devon gripped her other hand and dragged her away from the coffin.
A long time after, the lid was brought down, and the casket was taken outside to be put away forever.
FIVE
It was Gwen who had arranged the funeral.  If Itzy had been in the right frame of mind to think about this, she might have found it strange that Evelyn hadn’t been in charge.  But she was too stunned to process the details.
Gwen insisted Itzy and Devon stay for the morbid buffet afterward.  It wasn’t often she flew all the way from Canada to England and she wanted to see her niece for a few hours before she caught her flight home.  
She probably wanted to see her nephew, too.  That was a bitter pill for Itzy to swallow - that the one family member she felt such a close connection to wasn’t hers alone.  She was Osiris’ aunt too.
The girls hovered in a corner, a few feet from the buffet table, neither of them with much of an appetite.  Itzy stared vacantly around the room, her hand tightly clutching the bag slung over her shoulder.  
‘Are you alright?’ Devon asked.
Itzy had no idea how to answer that.  She tugged at the black dress she’d bought just for the occasion.  She didn’t own any other dresses.  Despite her hair, she’d never felt comfortable in anything too fitted, too feminine.  She didn’t like drawing attention to herself.  She preferred jeans with t-shirts or tank tops, nothing that clung too much to her slight figure.
Even this dress wasn’t particularly girlish.  It fell to her knees and swept out gently at the waist.  Its neckline was square and unrevealing.  On Devon, it might have been sexy, but on Itzy, it was perfectly funereal.
‘I keep feeling like someone’s watching me,’ she admitted.  The sensation had crept up on her while queuing to view the body, and it hadn’t let up since.
‘Which one?’ Devon countered.
Itzy turned and saw her point.  Everyone was watching her.  They tried to hide it behind drinks and empty conversation, but there it was.  Itzy was as much a spectacle at this funeral as her father.
She felt someone touch her elbow.  Instinct made her turn to look at the person, as if knowing who it was would change what had just happened.  When she saw him, she was hit with a wave of surrealism.  She recognised him, but couldn’t place where she might know him from.  She had the vague notion that she might have dreamt about him - or someone like him - years ago.  
He looked about her brother’s age - nineteen.  He was nearly a foot taller than her five-foot-five and he had a broad chest to go with his height.  His hair was pale blond and his eyes were a clear, glassy blue.  He wore the remnants of a black suit.  His jacket had been discarded elsewhere and his tie hung over a crisp white button-down shirt.
Most startling was that he seemed to have been looking for her.
‘Sorry,’ he began things.  His eyes flitted briefly to Devon before settling on Itzy.  ‘You’re Itzel Loveguard, aren’t you?’  When Itzy stared blankly at him, he said, ‘I’m Seth.  Ambrose.  I mean -’  He laughed disarmingly.  ‘I’m Seth Ambrose.’
Itzy still didn’t know what to do with this information, so he went on, filling the awkward silence.
‘I noticed you across the church,’ he told her softly.  He moved his hands a lot when he spoke, bending his arms and revealing the outline of hard muscles.  His fingers were long and looked like they ought to have been holding something, a paintbrush perhaps. ‘Why didn’t you sit with the rest of the family?’ he asked.
Who was this person to ask her such a personal question?  Itzy swallowed and pushed a lock of hair out of her face.  She looked in the direction of Seth’s ear, unable to meet his eyes.
‘Um, I don’t think they’d have wanted me with them.’  She darted her eyes around the room, as if worried someone might have overheard her and been on their way over to scold her for speaking so honestly.
Seth shrugged at her.  ‘That’s not your problem, though, right?  He was your father.  You should have been up front with your brother.’
‘No, really,’ Itzy said.  She could have sworn she felt the floor move beneath her feet.  ‘That would not have gone down well.’  
Seth looked at her curiously for what felt like a very long time, before saying, ‘You don’t know that.’
Devon seemed to sense Itzy’s discomfort and took over.  ‘Did you know Stephen well?’
Seth shook his head.  ‘I’m more a friend of the family.’  When he spoke again, his eyes were on Itzy.  ‘I just found myself watching you and thinking it must be harder on you than anyone else here.’
Itzy lifted her head in surprise.  ‘Why?’
He furrowed his brow, a look on his face that suggested he shouldn’t have to explain such a thing to her.  He opened his mouth to say something, when another boy approached them, standing at Seth’s side.  The blood rushed out of Itzy’s face and she said, ‘Osiris.’
He looked so much like Stephen, it was like staring at a ghost.  But up close, she could see there was a lot of Evelyn in him, too.  He’d grown and was now almost a foot taller than his half-sister.  His black hair was overgrown, dashing into his dark eyes, which were mirrors of Itzy’s.  He had that same sand-blasted complexion, too.  But he had the advantage of being a boy, so resembling their father wasn’t such a strange thing.
He looked stricken.  Like something had just happened to him, but he wasn’t sure if he should tell anyone.  Then, as if someone had flipped a switch, he smoothed his expression and took in the sight of his half-sister.
‘It’s Oz,’ he corrected her.
‘Oh.  Right,’ Itzy uttered, unable to take her eyes off of him.  What had that glimpse of emotion meant?  And why, now, didn’t he look as troubled at seeing her as she did at seeing him?
Then she realised.  She meant nothing to him.  Of course it didn’t bother him, because it didn’t affect him at all.
But something had.
Oz didn’t seem very interested in family reunions and passed on from the group to the buffet table.  He grabbed a plate and began filling it with food.  Itzy felt something close to repulsion overcome her.
‘How can you eat?’ she snapped before she could stop herself.
Oz froze, his hands hovering over a bowl of salt and vinegar crisps.  He angled his head so he could look at her - really look at her, as if he’d only just noticed she was worth studying.  He dropped his hand to his side and walked back over to her.  Then he said quietly, ‘Are you doubting my grief?’
Itzy’s mouth opened to say something, but she couldn’t think what, so she closed it again, feeling stupid and far too young to deal with everything that had suddenly become her life.
Oz licked his upper lip and held her eyes with his own.  ‘Don’t you think if anyone here has a right to be upset about what happened, it’s me?’
Seth put one of his painters’ hands on Oz’s shoulder and said, ‘Oz.’
Oz shook him off and went on like he hadn’t heard him, his dark eyes finding his sister’s.  ‘Your mother threw him out seven years ago.  You weren’t even supposed to be his family.  He already had a family - me.’  He hammered a whitely clenched fist against his chest to emphasise his last word.
Then it happened.  Itzy was finally sick.  Everything she had been carrying inside of her came up and poured out of her, all over her brother’s black trousers and shiny matching dress shoes.  She heaved forward and fell to the ground, unable to control her own body.
‘Itzy!’ she heard Gwen cry from across the room before she hurried over to her niece.
Mum, Itzy called out in her head.  Mum, I need you.  You should be here.  Why aren’t you?  Why are you never there for me anymore?
It occurred to her that Oz’s mother had vanished, too.  She hadn’t seen Evelyn since the service.  The Loveguard children were two lone kids without guidance at a time like this.  What did that mean?
Then she felt herself falling, tipping over onto the floor.  The last thing she saw before everything went dark was a pair of grey eyes.
SIX
Gwen drove the girls home in a rental car.  She dropped Devon off first, and then Itzy.  When they pulled up outside the house, she turned off the ignition and sat there, not opening the doors.
‘Itz,’ she said.  She twisted in the driver’s seat so she could see her.  ‘Are you going to be okay?’
Itzy shrugged off the concern.  ‘I’m fine now.  I told you.  I just needed to…get things out of my system, I guess.’
‘All over Oz,’ Gwen added with a slight grin.  ‘I know that must have been hard for you.  But you did it.’  She leaned over and squeezed Itzy’s hand.  ‘I’m so proud of you.’
That was when Itzy finally cried.  The tears spilled out like Iguazu Falls, unstoppable.  Gwen unbuckled her seatbelt and moved closer to her.  She took her in her arms and held her as she flooded the upholstery with her sorrow.  
Gwen stroked her hair like Myra used to do when Itzy was very small.  The thought of her mother made it worse, and she sobbed even harder.
It was over half an hour before Itzy recovered herself.  It wasn’t so much that she felt better, but rather she had run out of energy.  She was suddenly too exhausted to cry.  She pulled herself up and wiped her eyes with the backs of her hands.  She licked her lips and tasted her own salt.  ‘I’m sorry,’ she said.
Gwen’s brows knitted together.  ‘Your trouble is you always feel guilty for something.’
‘I’m sorry,’ Itzy said again, but her mouth twitched so her aunt knew she was teasing.
‘Do you want me to walk you to the door?’ Gwen offered.
Itzy shook her head and sniffed.  ‘No.  I’m okay, really.’  She drew up her mouth in the shape of a smile that was almost convincing.  She pushed the car door open and stepped out.  She hunched down a little so she could see her aunt through the open door.  ‘Thank you,’ she said.
‘I love you, Itzy.’
‘I love you too.’
‘And I know I’m far away,’ Gwen said, ‘but at heart, I’m always with you.’
‘I know.’
‘I’ll ring you when my flight gets in, if you like.  It’ll be late, but….’
Itzy tried for another smile.  ‘I’d like that.  Thanks.  Have a safe journey.’
She closed the car door and watched as her aunt drove away to her hotel.
Itzy let out a long sigh and walked up to her front door.  It was an old mock-Tudor house, white crisscrossed with black.  The lights were ouf, but her mother’s car was out front, a blue Hyundai on its last legs that would probably cost more to repair than replace.
Itzy fumbled in her bag for her house key.  When she found it, she unlocked the white PVC door and heaved herself into the house, kicking off her painful black heels and not caring where they landed.
After the entranceway, the first room she hit was the kitchen.  She was met with an alcoholic aroma that made her feel sick all over again.  She moved quickly through the kitchen and turned a corner.  She was about to mount the staircase when she heard her mother’s voice.
‘Did you say goodbye?’  It came out as a snarl, like she was angry.
Itzy turned around slowly.  She nodded.
‘Did everyone cry over him?  Did they make like he was some sort of saint?  That’s what they always did.  Myra, that can’t be true.  He wouldn’t do that to you.  He loves you.’  She let out a noise that might have been a laugh, but there was nothing humorous about it.  She held a bottle in her hand and swigged it down.
‘Mum,’ Itzy said carefully, ‘you’re drunk.  You need to go lie down and - and go to sleep.’
‘Sleep?’ Myra barked.  ‘You think sleep will help me?’
‘I - I -’
‘I wish I’d killed him myself,’ Myra confessed.  ‘He got off easy.  Painlessly.  It should have been me.  I should have -’
The rest was cut off by Itzy’s hands.  They had flown involuntarily to her ears, to block out her mother’s words.  She couldn’t do this anymore.  Some small part of her had always thought perhaps one day her father would change, would get help, get better, and then they could be friends.
Maybe.
But now he was gone forever and she would never know what could have been.  Her mother seemed past hope.  Gwen would go home, thousands of miles away, and then what would she be left with?
It would just be her.
A frightening truth about being Stephen Loveguard’s daughter was that as she listened to her mother scream murderously about her dead ex-husband, Itzy felt her own mood slip.  She was suddenly very sure that if she didn’t get out right then, she might do something she would later regret.
‘I - I have to go,’ she stammered.
She shoved her feet into a pair of trainers without thinking about it and stormed out of the house.
‘Where are you going?’ her mother shrieked after here.  ‘Itzel!  ITZEL!’
Even if she’d wanted to answer, she couldn’t have.  She had no idea where she was headed.  She was just running blindly down the street, trying to get far, far away from her mother before she could….
No.
No, she was not her father.  They were just images, pictures in her mind, to trick her into thinking she could do it.  But she couldn’t.  Not really.
Except she had.
With Ash.
* * *
Itzy ran out of breath and found herself wandering up a street she didn’t recognise.  Who knew how far she’d run.  One thing she was sure of was she was lost.
She still carried the black satin bag she’d brought to the funeral.  She rummaged through it now for her mobile and whipped it out.  She pressed a button to make a maps app appear and waited for it to find her location.  Apparently she was about half a mile from her house.
Now that she knew how to get back, she felt less worried and decided to walk.  It was a nice evening.  In England, in July, the sun would hold its place in the sky until late, sometimes not receding until 11 at night.  It was 8 now, so it was still bright out, though the sky had taken on a pinkish tint and a breeze was picking up.  She had no jacket with her and her arms and legs were bare around her knee-length dress.  She shivered each time the air struck her skin.
Something brushed against her leg and made her jump.  She looked down to find a rather elegant cat staring up at her with large golden eyes.  She shivered again, this time because the cat looked like it knew who she was.  
But that was crazy.
‘Hey, puss,’ she said.
She squatted on the pavement and reached out to pet the animal.  It had a rich reddish-brown coat, soft but not too thick.  Its body was long and slender, its neck tall and its ears sort of pointed.  Its face was angular and exotic, not like any cat she’d ever seen before.  She stroked the cat’s neck and brought up its name tag.
‘Eurydice,’ she read aloud.
She shuddered.  The name reminded her of her father’s books on mythology.  It seemed she was never going to escape him.
She pet Eurydice a little longer.  Then her legs started to fall asleep and she stood up and resumed walking.
Eurydice followed her.
As an experiment, Itzy hurried her pace.
Eurydice hurried up, too.
This is insane, Itzy thought.  I am not being followed by a cat.
And she wasn’t - at least, not anymore, because Eurydice flew ahead and was now walking in front of her, leading her somewhere.
No, no, that’s even crazier.
But it felt true.  Itzy followed the cat, wondering where it could possibly be taking her.  Then she froze at the sound of a familiar voice.  Two, in fact.  It was uncanny, that she had been led here of all places.  It set her heart racing.  It was like someone was playing a painful joke on her.
She ducked behind a tall chestnut tree before the two boys could see her.  They were sitting on a short white wall that surrounded the front garden of a small sky blue mid-terrace house.
‘Stop it,’ Oz was saying.
‘Grumble, grumble,’ Seth replied.  ‘Now watch this.’
Itzy leaned sideways and peered around the tree.  What she saw was impossible.  More than impossible.
Seth was drawing in the air.  He had taken off his mourning suit and now wore a black short-sleeved t-shirt over dark jeans.  His muscled arms moved gracefully through the breeze that rushed over them.
His bright eyes were heavy with concentration, like a real painter - and then an apple dropped out of nothing and bounced off Oz’s head, making him jump.
‘Bloody hell, Seth,’ Oz said with a scowl.  He rubbed his head.  ‘What if the neighbours saw you?’
‘Huh,’ said Seth.  ‘I wonder if that’s what they said to Isaac Newton when he discovered gravity.’
He hopped off the wall and knelt over the pavement to pick up the apple where it had landed.  He held it up for inspection.  It was red and shiny, almost too perfect to be real.  He dusted it off on his shirt and sank his teeth into it.  He looked pleased with himself.
‘It’s really good.  Want some?’  He extended it to his friend.
Oz pushed Seth’s hand away.  ‘No, I do not.’
That was the moment Eurydice chose to bite Itzy behind the tree.  She yelped in surprise and stumbled into view - then realised the boys were staring at her.  Eurydice bounded over to Oz like he was an old friend.
‘Itzel,’ Oz made out, shock and dismay stamped on his face.  He sounded like her mother, the way he used her full name.  She hated it.
Well, there was no point in hiding anymore.  Itzy walked right up to them and glared at her brother.  
‘Your stupid cat bit me.’
Seth smirked at this and glanced down at Itzy’s ankle to see where she was touching the mark.  She wasn’t sure how she felt about him eying her legs like that.
‘She’s not stupid,’ Oz said.  ‘But if you say things like that, I’m not surprised she bit you.  Anyway, why are you here?’
‘I got lost,’ Itzy blurted.  She tried not to notice the way Seth was still looking at her.  She suddenly felt the urge to check she was wearing clothes.
‘And wound up here?’ Oz said.  ‘What are the chances of that?’  
Itzy threw her hands in the air in exasperation.  ‘I had no idea you even lived in London.  I thought you were in Kent.  How was I supposed to know I’d run into you all the way in Ealing, of all places?’
Oz’s face hadn’t lost that look of suspicion, but he said, ‘I’m nineteen.  Thought it was time to move out.  Seth was renting and needed a housemate, so…here I am.’  He gestured at the street.
‘Less than a mile away from me,’ Itzy informed him.
Oz stared at her like she had dropped out of the sky, like Seth’s apple.  And speaking of that -
Itzy turned her focus on Seth.  ‘How did you do that?’ she asked, startling him out of his examination of her.
Seth pretended to be confused.  ‘Do what?’
Oz rolled his eyes at his friend.  ‘The apple,’ he said through gritted teeth.  ‘She saw you.  Just like I told you someone would.’
‘Oh, that,’ Seth said in an exaggerated tone.  He cocked his head to one side and a wisp of blond hair fell in his eyes.  ‘Would you believe me if I said it was a magic trick?’
Itzy shook her head.  She didn’t believe him at all.  Because - well -
‘I can do that, too,’ she blurted before she could stop herself.
Oz narrowed his eyes at her in mistrust and said, ‘He didn’t do anything,’ at the same time that Seth said, ‘What can you do?’
‘Seth,’ Oz hissed at him.
Seth shrugged right up to his ears and splayed his hands out, palm up, as if to say, What do you expect?
‘I - I can’t just do it,’ Itzy said, disappointed with herself.  ‘I mean, I can’t make it happen on demand.  Not like - you.’
But Seth didn’t look disappointed at all.  All he said was, ‘What do you mean you can’t make it happen?’  He sounded like he was holding something back - like there was something he knew but he was unsure if he should share it with her, yet.
Itzy breathed in deeply.  The only person she’d ever talked to about this before was Devon.  As close as Itzy had been to Ash, she’d never been able to bring herself to share her secret with him.
But how could she not now say it to someone who had just done something similar?  Even if her brother was glaring at her like he was watching her every move, waiting for her to trip and fall over.
‘I can…I write,’ she said.  She looked down at her hands with their misshapen fingernails.  She wished they were longer, prettier, like Devon’s.
‘That’s it?’ Oz scoffed.  His tone seemed to say, Why are we wasting our time with you?  But she could feel Seth still watching her, waiting for her to impress them.
‘I write stories,’ Itzy said with more volume.  She raised her head a little, though still unable to look her audience in the face.  ‘And sometimes something comes over me - I don’t know what it is - and later, whatever I’ve written…I think it comes true.’
She slowly lifted her gaze, waiting for their reaction.  When she met the boys’ eyes, Oz’s face displayed disbelief, while Seth’s showed something that might have been…faith.
Then Seth turned to Oz and said, ‘Well, she is your sister.’
‘Seth,’ Oz whispered, seething.  ‘For once in your life, shut up.’
Seth put up his hands in surrender.  ‘I’m just saying.’
‘You’re lying,’ Oz accused.
He slipped off the wall and took a step forward.  It made Itzy all too aware she was standing there in a black sleeveless dress with a skirt that just covered her knees, bare legs, and ugly trainers splattered in mud from the last time she’d gone for a run in the rain.  She might have been seventeen, but she felt more like seven under her brother’s harsh glare.
She struggled to find her voice.  ‘I’m not.’
‘Prove it,’ he said.  He crossed his arms over his chest in challenge.
‘I told you.  I can’t just do it.  Not like - him.’  She gestured at Seth.  ‘I don’t have control over it.  And it doesn’t happen every time I write.  Sometimes my stories are just stories.  But then other times, it’s like I go into a sort of….’
‘Trance,’ Seth finished for her.  Curiosity glowed in his pale eyes.
Her own dark eyes flew to him in gratitude.  ‘Yes.  Yes, exactly.  And then….’  She trailed off, unable to put the rest into words, but hoping they understood her meaning.
Seth twisted his neck so his head was sideways and looked askance at his friend.  ‘Oz.’
Oz squeezed his eyes shut in irritation and turned for the house.  ‘Fine,’ he said, ‘you want her as a pet, she’s all yours.  But if I end up having to feed her, she’s out.’  Then he disappeared inside.
Seth looked amused.  In fact, Itzy found it hard to imagine there was much in the world that would get him down about life.  He chewed on the inside of his cheek as a pensive expression overtook him.  He stuffed his hands in the pockets of his jeans and rocked on his heels.
Then he grinned at Itzy and said, ‘Mayan.’  When she didn’t reply, he clarified, ‘Your name.  Itzel.  Isn’t it Mayan?’
She wrapped her arms around her shoulders, trying to cover them.  Her bag slipped down her shoulder and she caught it before it could fall to the ground.  She wondered how this boy knew the origin of her maddeningly esoteric name, but she didn’t want to seem too keen, so all she said was, ‘So?’
Seth shrugged.  ‘I just think it’s interesting.  You know where my name’s from?’  
‘The Bible?’
He nodded, still grinning at her.  ‘He was Adam and Eve’s third son, after Abel was killed.’
Itzy had been thinking it was also the name of Osiris’ murderous brother in Egyptian mythology, but all she said was, ‘Actually, it’s Itzy.  Itzel just sounds like…I dunno.  I don’t really like it.’
Seth’s grin widened, if that were at all possible.  ‘Itzy,’ he repeated slowly, like he was savouring the way it sounded.  ‘Cute,’ he declared.  ‘You cold?’ he asked as she ran her hands quickly up and down her shoulders.
‘No,’ she lied.
Seth laughed.  ‘Come inside,’ he said.  He nodded his head in the direction of their front door.  ‘You’re not exactly dressed right.’
Itzy glared at him.  ‘I don’t like being laughed at.’
Seth quickly composed himself.  ‘Come inside,’ he said again, this time with forced seriousness.
‘But Oz -’
‘Forget Oz.  He’ll get over it.  Besides, you heard what he said.  You’re my pet, now.’  The grin returned to his face.  There was something naturally charming about him, but it was infused with an equally natural arrogance Itzy wasn’t yet sure if she liked.
But she was curious.  She had wondered about her brother for seven years.  And not just for obvious reasons, but because of the stories she had inevitably written about Oz.  She once had an idea that perhaps if she dreamt of him enough, or wrote about him enough times, he would leave her system.  Maybe there was a way to escape the haunting he’d been doing without even being aware of it.  But it had never happened.
And now, after all those years, she found herself faced with the opportunity to enter his sphere of existence, at last.  
Besides, she’d just watched Seth conjure an apple out of thin air.  How could she not follow him into the house?
‘Come on, then,’ he said.  Then he took her hand and pulled her in.
SEVEN
Itzy didn’t know what she’d expected.  Maybe she’d been tainted by all those American films that showed bachelor pads strewn with video game paraphernalia and comic books; or by the images she took from English programmes, where the men were slobs who spent all their time trying to find a way to get a woman to shag them - it was always shag in those sorts of shows.  But Oz and Seth’s house was nothing like any of that.  It was immaculate and adult.  Everything was white and pristine, as if it hadn’t been lived in.
The lounge was lined with bookshelves.  Some of the titles jumped out at her, the ones with larger font heavily imprinted on oversized hardback spines.  The Myths of the Andes.  Primal Myths.  The Egyptian Book of the Dead.  The Gnostic Gospels.  It was like travelling back in time.  Itzy couldn’t help herself.  She leapt to one of the shelves and fingered a book that stood out in particular.  It was a collection of legends from the ancient Mayans.
‘This was his,’ Itzy whispered to no one in particular.
Oz regarded her with practised boredom.  ‘I have a lot of his things.’
She looked up at him sharply.  ‘Already?  So soon?’  She spun around to take in the entirety of the library that surrounded their incongruous looking grey sofa and flat-screen television.  ‘Are all of these his?’  When she looked back at her brother, she knew the answer.  ‘How is that even physically possible?  It’s only been a week.’
Seth stepped into the room and cleared his throat.  ‘I, er…I sort of….’
His eyes flashed to Oz, as if for approval, but Oz registered no emotion.  He stared at his sister like she was a rare animal he was contemplating shooting.
Something clicked in Itzy’s head.  ‘You brought them here,’ she said, looking at Seth.  ‘Like the apple.  But that’s…amazing.’
Seth smiled widely and made a deep bow.
‘For God’s sake,’ Oz muttered in disgust before going to the sofa and dropping himself on it.  He stretched out his legs so there was no room for anyone to join him, and looked at the TV, even though it was off.
Seth shook his head in disapproval.  ‘Here,’ he said to Itzy, ‘come with me.’
Before she had time to reflect on how strange this was, or how quickly things were moving, she was whisked up the broad staircase and into what she presumed was his bedroom.
He shut the door behind her and turned to look at her.  It felt like he was examining her, like a doctor who just knew there was something to diagnose.  She wondered what his verdict might be.
He strode over to a black chair tucked under a large mahogany desk that rested against a wall clothed in an enormous poster of M. C. Escher’s Angels and Demons.  Seth sat down and spun the chair around to face her.  His jeaned legs were crossed at the ankles and his arms over his chest, and he stared at her like an inquisitor.  Even though he was seated and she stood above him, he still felt imposing.  His presence filled the room and made her feel very small.
‘So tell me about these trances of yours,’ he said.
Itzy’s mouth felt dry.  She wanted a drink more than anything she’d ever wanted in her whole life.  It was the way he looked at her: it sucked something out of her.
Then he was on his feet and offering her the chair.
‘You look pale,’ he noted as she sat down.
Except this didn’t fix anything, because now he was even more imposing, looking down at her.  He seemed to sense this and he sat down on the carpet.  His muscles flexed as he wrapped his arms around his knees.  For a moment, Itzy had the time to reflect that Seth was a little bit gorgeous.
‘So,’ he reminded her, ‘the trances.’
‘Um….’  What a great beginning.  She tried again.  ‘I don’t know what to say.  It’s like…I guess it’s like an out of body experience?’
That was it, the words were coming now.  They were taking shape in her mind, making sense at last.
‘I’ll be sitting there, just writing, right?  Then something comes over me, without warning, and I’m no longer there.  Except I am.  I’m there, but I’m not there.  Does that make any sense?’
Seth’s expression was difficult to interpret.  He said nothing, waiting for her to go on.
‘I’m in there somewhere, watching myself write.  It’s like I’m watching a film.  Then later, I come back.  I just…wake up, I guess.  And I think, what just happened?  Where am I?  And I look down at the paper and I’ve written something.  Only I don’t remember writing it.  And it doesn’t sound like my writing.  It’s not words I use.  Sometimes it’s not even words I know.  But when I look them up in the dictionary, I find I’ve used them correctly.’
‘Does it scare you?’ Seth finally spoke.
Itzy considered this.  ‘It used to.  I guess I’ve got used to it, now.  Sort of.’
‘Sort of.’
She wished his eyes wouldn’t bore into hers like that.  Was he even aware he was doing it?  ‘I’m not scared of the trances,’ she explained.
‘But you’re scared of what happens next,’ Seth finished for her.
She nodded.
He pursed his lips together until they went white from the pressure.  Then he jumped to his feet in a swift, fluid motion.  ‘Right,’ he said, and clapped his hands together like he had a plan.  ‘But you don’t know how to make it happen.’
Itzy shook her head at him.  Why was he so interested in her?
‘So you believe me?’ she said.
He looked startled.  ‘Of course.’
‘But why?’ she asked, thinking how Devon hadn’t believed it.
The corners of Seth’s mouth curled up in amusement.  ‘Because I used to have the same trances before I drew things out of the air.’
Itzy couldn’t take her eyes off the strange boy - young man - whatever.  She still couldn’t decide whether she liked him.  But he was the first person to understand what she was going through.  The first person in the whole world.
After years of having only Devon, and then Ash, as her friend, while everyone else around her seemed to regard her like there was something about her that unnerved them, but they couldn’t quite put their finger on what it was - well, Seth’s brazen interest in her counted for something.
She stood to face him.  ‘I thought I was the only one, you know.’
Seth smiled sadly at her.  It was a strange look for him, almost humble but not quite.  ‘I did too.’
‘Until today,’ she added.  She saw something flicker in his glassy eyes and she backed away from him.  ‘But not for you.  You…there’s someone else.’
Seth looked like he was waiting for her to fill in the gaps herself.
‘Oz,’ she guessed.
And he repeated what he’d said to Oz earlier: ‘Well, you are his sister.’
Itzy sat down in the chair again.  Her feet went numb and soon it was like they weren’t there.  She fumbled for the right question.  There it was.
‘What can he do?’
‘Oh no,’ Seth said.  He laughed and shook his head.  ‘That’s his business, if he wants to show you.  I’m not telling.’
He went to his bed and sat down.  His back was against the wall and his knees up, an arm on each and his legs slightly apart.  The bed, like everything else in their house, was a little too perfect.  Above it was another art print, this time a Dali painting of clocks dripping over a dreamlike desert.
Itzy raked one of her hands through her black hair, accidentally coming away with a strand twisted around her fingers.  She rubbed it into a ball and threw it on the floor in irritation.  ‘How many of us are there?’ she asked.
Seth cocked a finger at her like a gun going off.  ‘Now that is the right question to ask.’
‘And are you going to answer it?’
He shrugged.  ‘Sure.  The answer is: I don’t know.  I think a lot, though I haven’t met many others.  Yet.’
Itzy’s heart stopped in her mouth.  ‘A lot?’ she squeaked.  ‘You mean it’s not just you and Oz?’
Seth leaned forward, as if to get a closer look at her, even though they were several feet apart.  ‘You really don’t know, do you?’
She blinked.  ‘Know what?’
Seth smirked at her, though it was mixed with something else.  Pity, perhaps.  Like the way he’d looked at her at the funeral.
‘I can’t believe no one ever told you,’ he said softly.
Itzy could feel herself losing patience.  And it wasn’t good when she lost patience.  Ash had learned that the hard way.
She breathed deeply and counted to five, before saying, ‘Would you just tell me what’s going on, already?’
Seth sighed.  ‘Alright.  I guess someone has to.  Your dad.  Stephen.’
‘What about him?’ she demanded, struggling to keep back the emotions.
‘He was an alien.’
Itzy recoiled as if she’d been slapped.  
‘Don’t make fun of me,’ she said.  Her voice was cool and even, but the feeling bubbling through her veins was anything but.
‘Itz,’ he said, but she cut him off again.
‘And don’t call me that.  You don’t know me.  You’re not my friend.  I doubt you even like me.  So do not speak to me like you do.’
‘Itzel,’ he tried again, but it was too late, and she found she didn’t like him speaking her whole name, either.
The rage boiled through her veins like hot oil, bursting into flames within her heart.  She could hardly see Seth anymore.  Her head pounded and the air filled with blinding stars.  She blinked and blinked but couldn’t get rid of the points of light devouring her sight.  At the edges, thin lines of black crept toward her, like arms reaching out to grab her.
Then she was floating, up, up and away, like that old song Ash once told her he found hilarious.  She felt herself receding, giving way to something else, something powerful that would not be repressed.  It rose to the surface and took control.  She could see it.  It had found a pen, paper, and it was writing.
It was a long time before she returned to her body.  She was clutching the pen like a lifeline, her palm white, in need of blood.  And she was shaking all over.
She heard someone cry out.  Someone male.  Her brother.
Seth was already hurrying out of the room and down the stairs.  She heard him swear, and there were banging noises.  What was going on?
You mean: what have you done?
She shook herself free of the thought and felt impelled toward the staircase, where her eyes were drawn to the lounge.  Oz and Seth were dodging books that were flying off the shelves.  It wasn’t like they were being thrown, but rather like they were bats blindly darting around.
Seth shouted, ‘Make it stop!’
Itzy stared wonderingly before she realised he was looking right at her.  He meant her.
‘Stop it!’ he ordered again.
‘I - I can’t!’ she answered him.
‘Oh, for f -’
His words were cut off by a bound copy of The Epic of Gilgamesh slamming into his face.  He grabbed at it angrily and hurled it onto the floor.  Then his hands danced through the air like an orchestra conductor, and every book immediately returned to its shelf.  The sudden stillness was shocking.
Oz smoothed out his black hair and glared at his friend.  ‘I told you not to bring her in.’
Seth rolled his eyes.  ‘Uh-huh,’ he said.  He straightened his t-shirt back over his jeans, and then returned his attention to Itzy.  He was already grinning again.  ‘I guess we’ve figured out what causes the trances.’
She hurtled down the stairs and surveyed the room.  It was amazing, the way everything was back in its place, as if she’d done nothing.  Seth must have been responsible for how perfect everything in the house looked.
‘I’m sorry,’ she said, trying not to meet her brother’s angry stare.  He made her feel small too, but in a different way.  At least Seth didn’t leave her feeling like he disapproved of her entire existence.
Oz returned to his place on the sofa and glared at them both.  But he surprised her by asking, ‘What set her off?’
Seth shot him a smile, like he was about to share an inside joke.  ‘I told her your dad was an alien.’
Oz sighed.  ‘Seth, really.  You couldn’t think of any other way to say it?’  Then something occurred to him and he looked at Itzy.  ‘Wait.  You mean you didn’t know?’
Itzy nearly doubled over herself.  ‘That he was an alien?’ she repeated, her anger resurfacing.
‘Whoa, whoa,’ said Seth.
He stepped front of her and placed a hand on each of her bare shoulders.  She shrugged him off and he stepped back, that stupid grin planted on his face.
‘What are you going to do to me?’ he asked.  It was a dare.
‘Did you think that was fun?’ she spluttered, unable to believe him.
To her amazement, Oz laughed.  ‘Seth is damaged goods,’ he said.  ‘He gets off on danger.’
It did him good, laughing.  It softened all his features and reminded Itzy of Loving Stephen.  The little girl in her wanted to cry for it.  Oz sat up and motioned to the sofa.  A resigned invitation.  She took him up on his offer and sat down, feeling deeply uncomfortable.
‘Saying he was an alien isn’t exactly accurate,’ Oz told her.
Seth took up residence on the floor in front of them, knees up and legs slightly apart the way he’d been on the bed.  ‘It’s not exactly a lie, either,’ he commented.
‘Cheers for that helpful input,’ said Oz.  ‘Anyway.  If you don’t already know this stuff, it’s going to sound mad, but you need to keep an open mind.’
‘Sure,’ she said.  ‘An open mind.  It’s open.  I’m ready.’
Oz looked doubtful, but he told his story nonetheless.  ‘Thousands of years ago, a race of aliens visited Earth.’
Seth gave them both a look like, See? but Oz ignored him.
‘They met the early humans and taught them things.  They gave them the Wisdom.  They helped them build things no one had ever dreamt of before and changed the whole of society, influenced whole religions.  It was only a matter of time before some of them fell in love with the humans, and they mated.’
Seth sniggered at the choice of word, but didn’t say anything.
‘And what?’ said Itzy, hardly able to believe she was actually having this conversation.  ‘Created some sort of alien-human hybrid super-race?’
Seth laughed.  ‘She sums it up well.’
Oz glared at him.  ‘I guess you could put it that way,’ he acknowledged to his sister.  ‘The point is, they’ve been around for millennia.  My dad - our dad,’ he amended with heavy reluctance, ‘was one of the Descendants.  And that means….’
‘So are we,’ Itzy finished.
He nodded.
She tried to process what he had just told her, but all it did was make her laugh.  It was a loud, cackling sort of laugh she imagined a witch might make.  It was embarrassing.
Not as embarrassing as these shoes, she thought again.  She wished she could write herself into some other clothing.
As if reading her mind, Seth dashed his hands through the air and she found herself wearing jeans and a blood-red tank top.  She still wore the trainers, but they were clean.  
She gave him a guarded look.  ‘Ta…but couldn’t you have given me some sleeves?’
He shrugged his muscled shoulders.  ‘I like your arms.’
‘Anyway,’ Oz brought them back to the previous conversation.  ‘Look, we’re not making it up.  It’s why you can do what you can do.’
What you can do, he said.  He spoke with such ease and calm, it was shocking to see just how normal this discussion was for him.
‘Could our father do anything…special?’ she asked.
Oz shook his head, making his dark hair touch his eyes.  ‘Not that I know of.’
‘We think this is a new thing,’ Seth explained from the floor.  ‘Like maybe it’s only younger people who can do these things.’
‘Do you know why?’ she asked.  
‘No,’ they both said.
Itzy slumped back on the sofa so her lower back rested on the cushioned arm.  Her head hurt.  ‘Does Gwen know?’  She felt ill at the thought that everyone had been sharing a secret, some private joke that didn’t include her.
Oz gave her a quizzical look.  ‘Does she know…?’  Then he got it.  ‘Oh.  Right.  Yes, she knows about our lineage.’
Lineage.  It sounded like such a strange word to say like that, like it was normal and held meaning for them.  It was a word she associated with royalty.  But she was just Itzy.
Seth held out a glass of water for her.  ‘Did you conjure that up, too?’ she asked.
‘No,’ he said, his face serious.  ‘I ran the tap.’
What a daze she must have been.  She hadn’t noticed him leave the room.
She took the glass and drank the liquid, gratefully savouring the way it coated her throat and filled her stomach.  What time was it?  How long had it been since she’d eaten?  What was her mother doing?  Was she worried?  Or was she passed out on the sofa, unable to worry about a thing?
She swallowed the last drip of water and cradled the empty glass in her lap.  ‘There was a note,’ she said.  ‘When he…died.  He wrote something.  A message.’
Oz’s brow went up.  It seemed she wasn’t the only one who hadn’t been told something.  ‘What did it say?’ he asked, for the first time genuinely interested in her.
And Itzy told him.  ‘“Don’t let them get my children.”’
Oz’s mouth fell open.  Then it shut.  Then Seth asked, ‘What the hell does that mean?’
‘Seth,’ Oz spoke with tremendous patience, ‘it’s obvious she doesn’t know.’  He let his gaze wander back to his sister.  ‘You don’t know, do you?’
There was an unexpected softness in his voice.  It made her sad, like perhaps in another lifetime they could have meant something to each other.
‘I really don’t,’ she said just as softly.
There was a long silence, and then Seth jumped to his feet.  ‘I just remembered I have to do something,’ he announced in such an obvious way, it made Itzy blush with embarrassment.  But really, she was touched he was trying to give her and Oz time alone.
Oz rolled his eyes at his friend, but said nothing as Seth waved at them both and left the room.
When he’d gone, Oz turned back to Itzy and said, ‘You still don’t believe us, do you?’  He absently rubbed his thumb and his middle finger together, a nervous habit he must have picked up from their father.  Itzy wondered if he even realised he did that.
‘Would you?’ she countered.
He tilted his head in consideration.  ‘I guess not.’
‘When did you…?’  She was going to say find out, except that involved acknowledging he was telling the truth.
‘When I was twelve,’ Oz told her.  He flopped backward on the sofa so they were facing, his legs out slightly and their feet almost touching.
‘You mean, when he…?’
Oz chuckled at her.  ‘You’re not a very good speaker, are you?’
Itzy had nothing to say to that, because it was true.  She was a decent writer, but when it came to speaking aloud, she froze up.  The words got jumbled in her head and either came out in the wrong order, or they refused to come out at all.
‘Anyway, yes,’ said Oz.  ‘It was when he came to live with us.’
‘Does Evelyn know?’
He shook his head.  ‘Our dad liked his secrets.’
She snorted.  ‘Tell me about it.’
When she next spoke, she chose her words with care.  Oz was starting to open up to her, and she didn’t want to move too quickly, for fear he might shut down again.
‘Did you know who he was?  I mean…I guess you wouldn’t have.  You were just a baby when…weren’t you?’
Oz pushed his fingers through his black hair.  When he put his hands back down on his thighs, she noticed his nails were just as ragged as hers.
‘No, I knew,’ he admitted.  ‘He sometimes came to visit us, usually on my birthday.  He’d bring me presents.  Then I wouldn’t see him again for the rest of the year.’
Itzy felt knocked back by this revelation.  How long had her father been leading two lives?  Had all of her life been a lie, then?
‘I can’t imagine….’
He almost smiled at her.  ‘Care to finish a sentence, for a change?’  Itzy rolled her eyes at him, the way a little sister probably should do with her big brother.  ‘Anyway,’ he went on, ‘things were different, when he lived with us.  Though, if I’m honest, I don’t remember it clearly.  I guess I blocked some things out.’
‘You would,’ Itzy said.  ‘I’ve done it too.  There are a lot of…blank spots where I know things have happened, but my mind just won’t let me remember.’
Oz held her eyes thoughtfully.  She wondered what was going on in his head, whether he was realising they were similar, after all, and perhaps he should give her a chance to show she was worth his time.
Then he said, ‘The first time he told me what we are…I didn’t believe it either.’
‘What changed your mind?’
‘I don’t know.’  He looked puzzled by it himself.  ‘It just felt right, for some reason.  Like I’d always known it, deep down, but I’d forgotten.’
Itzy blinked.
‘Believe me, I know how it sounds,’ he assured her.  Then the corners of his mouth sagged.  ‘You should go home.  Your mum’s probably worried about you.’
It was so strange, hearing him say your mum, knowing she wasn’t his mother too, and yet he was her brother.
‘I very much doubt that,’ Itzy said with a deep sigh.  ‘She’s probably unconscious on the floor, about now.’
Oz lifted one of his dark brows.  ‘Why don’t you sound worried about that?’
‘Years of experience,’ she said wryly.
Oz seemed about to quiz her further, but changed his mind.  ‘Seth!’ he called up the stairs.  ‘Come say goodbye.’
The door opened and Seth appeared.  ‘Oh, right,’ he muttered, scurrying down the stairs.  When he got closer, he told Itzy, ‘I expect I’ll see you again.’
She didn’t know if he would or not.  She hardly knew what to make of everything.  So she gave him a small smile and shrugged.
Oz headed out the front door, but Seth seemed to want to say something more and stayed put.
‘You were wrong, you know,’ he told her.  When Itzy looked puzzled, he explained, ‘When you said I didn’t like you.  It’s not true.’  To her horror, he looked about to hug her.
This was the strangest day of her life.
‘You coming?’ Oz interrupted from the doorway.
Itzy turned and saw him twirling a key ring around his forefinger.  ‘You’re driving me home?’
Oz lifted his shoulders like he didn’t want this to be a big deal.  She looked back at Seth and gave him a shy wave, which he acknowledged with a nod.  Then she followed her brother out of the house and noticed a black Ferrari sitting outside.
‘Get in,’ Oz instructed.
‘That wasn’t here before,’ Itzy stated the obvious.  And then, ‘Seth.’
‘The one and only.’  Oz opened the door and climbed in.  He leaned over the seats to push open the door on the other side of the car and looked out at her.
Itzy climbed into the car beside him.  ‘This is really weird.  Isn’t it?’
‘Why is it weird?’ he asked as he put the key in the ignition and started the engine.  ‘Put on your seatbelt.’
She did just that.  ‘I thought you hated me.’
He sighed as the car started rolling down the road.  ‘I don’t hate you.  I just don’t know you.  At all.  I didn’t even know I had a sister until I was twelve.’
‘And you resented me for having our father when you didn’t,’ she supposed.  He didn’t deny it.  ‘And tonight?  Why are you suddenly being nice to me?’
Oz was silent for a long, long time, his gaze fixed firmly on the road, which had finally fallen prey to darkness.  ‘Don’t get me wrong,’ he said at last.  ‘We’re not friends.’
Her blood ran cold at his words.  ‘We’re not?’
He laughed.
He laughed at her.
‘Didn’t you just hear me?  I don’t even know you.  How can I be friends with a stranger?’
‘Stop the car,’ Itzy whispered.
He whipped his head sideways to look at her, even while driving.  ‘What?’
‘I said stop the car.’  She put out her hand to grab his arm.  The jagged edges of her nails dug into his skin.
He winced and shook himself free, but he put the break on.  ‘You have to get control of that anger.  We both had it, too.  It’s part of what we are.  But you can learn to control it.’
That was good to know.  In fact, it was the first really good thing she’d heard all day.  But she still felt lightheaded and like she wanted to run away. 
She pushed her way out of the car and slammed the door behind her.  A small part of her hoped Oz would call after her, try to make her get back in, be reasonable.  But instead, he did a u-turn and drove back to his house, leaving her standing in the blacked-out street.
What had happened?
She took a breath and tried to get her bearings.  With horror, she realised she knew this neighbourhood.  In fact, she knew the street like the back of her own hand.  
And more than that, she knew the boy pushing the recycling bins to the front of the garden, just metres away from her.
Just when she thought her night couldn’t get any worse, Oz had dropped her off in front of Ashley Morgan’s house.
EIGHT
‘Itzy?’ Ash said as he dumped a big blue plastic box on the pavement.  He dusted his hands on his jeans and strode over to her.  Even after all those months, she still thought he was the most handsome creature she had ever beheld.
She remembered the first time she’d seen him, two years ago.  He had just moved from Ruislip to Ealing, and he’d burst into the classroom like a bright star come to illuminate her life.  He’d sat across the room from her, with five other people between them, but it had been like they weren’t even there.
And as Itzy stared and stared and brazenly stared at him, he felt her eyes on him and turned to meet them.  They stared at each other, across the sea of desks and other students who no longer seemed real to her.  Then she realised the other students were glancing at each other, shocked that someone had finally managed to draw Itzel Loveguard out of her self-imposed bubble of isolation.
She’d fancied people before, but they were usually fictitious characters in the books she read.  Ash was the first real boy she’d ever lost her heart to.
After class, it was Ash who had initiated things.  He had a radiant smile that spoke to her heart in a way no one ever had, and she thought, This must be what love feels like.  It was beautiful in how different it was from the mandatory love she felt for her mother or the memory of her father.  It was even different from what she felt for Gwen.  It was closest to her feelings for Devon, but there was something more.  For the first time in her life, she felt like she was waking up from a dream and she had a new hunger for reality, if this was what it had to offer her, after all.
They became immediately inseparable, which was strange, because in a way, they had nothing in common.  Ash was into awful low-budget films he referred to as kitsch.  His parents were originally from Trinidad, and he had a passion for soca music and 1970s funk classics.  He was an adept swimmer with an unfortunate obsession with snooker, and he had more patience than anyone Itzy had ever known - even more than Devon.
Itzy, on the other hand, had never been athletic in any way and had a terror of playing anything competitive or exposing her body, even if only in a swimming costume.  She lacked the natural confidence and smoothness Ash possessed.  She filled her head with eighteenth and nineteenth century classic literature that was always ultimately soap opera littered with things like prostitution, consumption and suicide, and she listened to music that could have been described as poetry over soft rhythms.  Usually, it was moody and ambient and demanded to be played under low lighting, late at night, and there was an expectation that one might cry to it.  In short, Ash was sunshine, while Itzy was moonlight.
But they learned they shared one very significant similarity: they both had absent fathers.  Itzy’s had walked out, but Ash’s was dead.  Which lent him another dimension, an underlying sadness Itzy felt drawn to.  She loved that he could be so alive and happy despite his difficulties.  In a way, she supposed he inspired her.
The only trouble was Ash had spent so much time looking after his mother, it seemed the only way he knew how to relate to the female of the species was by taking care of them.  He was unable to treat Itzy as anything other than a delicate flower on the verge of being crushed, and it grew stifling.
But even after all their months apart - after Itzy had tried and tried to be ‘just friends’ and finally walked away for good, because Ash had been incapable of making such a transition in their relationship - she still found it hard not to stare at him.  He was so beautiful, it hurt to look at him.
He had dark skin, the colour of chocolate, and eyes a slightly lighter shade of brown.  They were permanently wide and hopeful, full of all the optimism she had never had.  He wasn’t muscled like Seth, but he had definition.  His face was heart-shaped, his chin strong.  She couldn’t help recalling how it had felt to be held in those arms, or kissed by those lips.
‘Hiya,’ she said.  She lifted her arm in a little wave and tried not to show how much she was trembling.  Which was ridiculous.  This wasn’t how people reacted when they were moving on from their exes.
‘Why are you here?’ he asked.  ‘And who was that in the flash car?’  He whistled at the thought of it, and Itzy smiled.  Ash loved Top Gear.
‘My brother,’ she told him.
Ash’s mouth fell open.  ‘What?’
She let out a breath.  ‘I know, right?’
He ran his hands over his head.  The dark curly hair had been cut close, drawing out his forehead.  Itzy used to like running her own hands over it, and wished she could do it now.
‘That’s intense, Itz,’ he finally said.
She nodded.
‘Wanna come inside?’
The way he said it sounded like if she turned him down, he’d be disappointed, yet he hoped she would do it anyway.  It had been so long since they had really spoken.  She wondered if they could even do it anymore, or if they would both slip right back into some old routine of how things used to be.
She wasn’t sure if that would be good or bad, because on the one hand, she was scared of what might happen.  She didn’t want to betray Devon.  But on the other hand, Itzy and Ash had always been very good friends, above all else, and she missed that like she would have missed an amputated arm.
Perhaps in their time apart, he had changed.  Perhaps this was their chance to find their way back to normal.
So she said, ‘Yes.  Please.’
Itzy followed him into the familiar house where she used to sneak up to his room when his mother was out and kiss him until they both thought their lips might fall off.  Tonight, his mother was home, and she shot her a suspicious look when she saw her.  Her expression read, After everything you did, you’re back?
‘Hullo, Mrs Morgan,’ Itzy greeted her.  She gave a slight wave before clasping her hands in front of her for lack of anything better to do with them.  She felt awkward in her own skin and didn’t know how to stand.
‘Hello, Itzel,’ she acknowledged her formally.  Then she looked away and pretended to be engrossed in something on the television, even though it was only an advert for washing powder.  And Mrs Morgan hated cleaning.
Soundlessly, Itzy followed Ash up the stairs to his room - ‘the place where the magic happens,’ he’d once joked, even though nothing close to the euphemistic magic had ever occurred between them.
Her head was flooded with memories - of the beginning - of all those sweet moments when he was her Ash - and finally, of how it had all ended.
She had thrown an oversized hardback encyclopaedia at him.  She remembered it had read Aa-An on the spine, but she couldn’t remember why she’d thrown it.
He’d been so surprised, his reaction to the pain had been delayed.  The next day, there was a deep red mark on his temple and she found she could no longer look at him without wishing she were someone else, anyone at all but Itzel Loveguard.
That was when she decided it had to end.  It’s not you, it’s me, she’d almost told him, before she realised that as true as that was, it sounded cliché and false.  So she had simply told him, ‘I can’t do this anymore.’  
They had been standing under a tree; she could still see it in her head.  It was January, and it was bitterly cold.  Ash had worn a long wool double-breasted trench coat the colour of his name.  A red and yellow striped knitted scarf encircled his throat and he had a black knitted hat on his almost-shaved head.  She’d been wearing her usual jeans and trainers, with a plain jumper, covered by her own black coat, shapeless around her lack of figure.  
When he spoke, the frost followed his words, trailing in the air like smoke.  ‘Do what?’ he asked.
There had been desperation in his voice, when she thought there should have been impatience.  She wished he would argue with her, would criticise her, would tell her how ridiculous she was being.  But he didn’t do any of that.  Instead, he sounded like he genuinely wondered what he’d done wrong, and how he might be able to fix things between them.
Itzy had never been the sort of girl boys wanted to date.  Her face had a perpetually haunted look to it, as if she’d seen horrors she dared not reveal to them, and that was just too much emotional baggage for them to volunteer to take on.  But not Ashley Morgan.  He seemed to thrive on emotional baggage.  And she couldn’t take it, anymore.
‘Ash,’ she said, her impatience clear in her voice, ‘We just don’t work.  I don’t think we ever have.  Can you really tell me you’re happy with me?’
And Ash looked deeply into her eyes and said, ‘But I love you.’
For him, that had been enough.  But not for her.
‘That’s not the same as happiness,’ she’d told him.  ‘As much as I wish you could…you can’t change my mind on this.’
Then she’d walked away, leaving him standing bewildered under the tree.  Its branches were stripped of leaves from the cold, making him look like he was standing under a skeleton.
When she got back home, she thought she would cry.  But she didn’t.  Because, alarmingly, she realised it was the first time she’d been able to breathe easily in a long, long time.
That was when she’d learned sometimes you didn’t know just how bad things were until they were over.
* * *
They both moved to sit on the bed, and then jumped up like they’d stepped on hot coals.
‘You,’ Ash said.  He motioned to the bed.
Without argument, Itzy sat down, wrinkling up the duvet.  Ash went out of the room, down the hallway, to retrieve the computer desk chair.  When he returned, he pushed the chair inside and shut his door.  He sat down and waited for her to tell her story.
So she did.  She told him everything.  Well, apart from the bit about being descended from aliens and having magic powers.  She wasn’t too sure how he’d respond to that, and she still didn’t really believe Oz about it anyway.  When she finished, Ash stared at her in amazement.
He put his hands to his temples and shook his head as if to clear it.  ‘Wait, wait.  All of that happened…in a week?’
She nodded and bit her lip.
‘Oh, Itz,’ he said.  It was so sweet, it broke her heart that little bit more.  ‘Itz,’ he said again.
He stood and walked toward her, sitting down beside her, putting his arms around her, folding her against his chest.  Oh God, how she’d missed this, how she wished they could go back to how they once were, how she could just - 
Devon.
The name rang painfully in her head and she pulled away.  He seemed to know what she was thinking and he drew back too.
‘I’m so sorry,’ Ash said.  For a moment, she was unsure whether he was sorry for her or for what they had just almost shared.  ‘I had no idea so much was going on with you.’
Itzy wanted to cry.  But no, she definitely didn’t want to cry in front of him.  She’d done that too many times when they were together.  ‘I don’t mind,’ he’d told her, but he never got it: she minded.  She hated being the fragile one who wrecked everything.
Even when she’d thrown the encyclopaedia, she’d seen it in his eyes: the sympathy.  He would have done anything for her, and she couldn’t stand it.  She knew what she’d do to him if it went on any longer.  He was like the puppy on the Andrex ads, and she was Cruella Deville.
‘I just wish I’d been able to talk to him,’ she said.  ‘Just once more.  You know?’
Of course Ash knew.  His father had died when Ash was only six.  He had vague memories of the man, but not a lot to hold onto.
‘I wish I hadn’t hung up on him when he rang,’ she blurted.
‘Itzy,’ Ash said gently.  He moved an inch closer and placed one of his delicate hands on her shoulder.  ‘You had no way of knowing he would do this.’
‘I suppose not,’ Itzy admitted.  ‘But that’s just the thing.  You never know, do you?  What’s going to happen, I mean.  You can’t rely on anything.’
Ash winced.  ‘I hate to say it…but you sound a little like him.’
Itzy let out a breath.  ‘No, I don’t mean that.  I just mean…you can’t waste time being angry at people, can you?’
His eyes fell sadly.  ‘No, you can’t.  But at the same time…Itz, it was domestic violence.  Your mother gave him chance after chance after chance.  So did you, for that matter.  And you’re not responsible for him, yeah?  He was your father and you were the child.  It was his job to look after you, not the other way round.  I know you loved him, in spite of everything, and I know you and your mother wanted to help him…but there’s only so much you can do for a person before you have to protect yourself.  You know?’  He nudged her for agreement.
‘I know.  It’s just….’  She broke off there, frightened of what she was about to say.  Was she really about to acknowledge even part of Oz and Seth’s crazy story?
‘Just what?’
She cleared her throat.  ‘Well.  What if he couldn’t help it?’
Ash squinted at her.  ‘How do you mean?’
‘What if it was…some sort of disease,’ she said, pleased to have struck upon the right word.
‘It still doesn’t make it right,’ he told her.  ‘If you’re sick, go see a doctor.  Don’t beat up your wife and kid, you know?’
Itzy pressed her hands to her face and rubbed her eyes until she saw stars.  ‘I know, I know.’  
He drew her hands away so he could look at her face.  He held her wrists and asked, ‘What are you going to do about your brother?’
She felt her arms go limp in his grasp.  She wanted to be with him more than anything in the world.  Wasn’t there some way to fix things, to be better than she was?  Or to make Ash less tolerant of her and not let her get away with so much?  
Because what had frightened Itzy most about her relationship with Ash was that she could easily imagine him turning into Myra, and Itzy into Stephen, and there was just no way she could allow that to happen.
‘What can I do about him?’ she asked.
Ash placed her hands in her lap and released her.  ‘Look, you can’t talk to your dad again.  We know that.’  She nodded grimly.  ‘But Oz is still here.’
‘You don’t understand,’ she insisted with a shake of her head.  Her black hair dusted the sides of her face.  ‘He doesn’t want to know me.’
‘Did he say that?’
Itzy glanced at the door evasively and shifted in place.  ‘Nooo.’
‘Sooo?’ he teased.  His caramel eyes sparkled.  ‘He probably just needs time.  Wouldn’t you?  But…it won’t happen unless you try.’
‘What’s the point?’ she moaned.  She flopped backward on the bed and her hair splayed around her head like a puddle of ink.  ‘What do I have to offer anyone?  Why would he want to know me?  I’m a mess.’
Ash leaned over her and frowned.  ‘You’re not a mess,’ he said.  ‘And I can’t think of a single reason why anyone wouldn’t want to know you.’
This is it, she thought as she looked up at him.  All she had to do was reach up and put her arms around his neck, pull him down, and they’d be right back to where they had been six months before.  
A phone rang.  The ring tone was some indie rock song Itzy didn’t know.  She hadn’t even known Ash liked that sort of music.
But she knew someone who did.
‘It’s Devon,’ Ash announced.  He pushed off the bed and dug his phone out of his jeans pocket.  He put the phone to his ear.  ‘Hey, Dev.  Uh-huh.  She’s over here.  I know.’  
He turned around and opened the door, heading out into the hallway for some privacy.  He’d never had to hide from Itzy before.  Not when he’d been hers.
It was all too much.  She just didn’t belong anywhere.  It was almost as if she were an….
She groaned.  ‘No, don’t say you feel like an alien,’ she scolded herself.
She heaved herself off Ashley’s bed and onto her feet.  She heard him whispering down the hall, probably in the little alcove where they kept the family computer.  She shouldn’t have come.  This wasn’t her world anymore, and she had no one to blame but herself, because she was the reason why Ash was even with Devon.
When Itzy had stopped returning his phone calls, he fell apart.  Eventually, he turned to the one person who knew Itzy best: Devon.
Devon had been wary of it at first.  She’d never known Ash in any personal way.  So she told Itzy it had come as a surprise when he began sharing with her the layers underneath - layers he hadn’t even shared with Itzy, despite how much she used to beg him to open up to her more.
Perhaps they had always been meant to come together, and Itzy had just been a detour, the obstacle that needed to be overcome in order to get Ash to the person he could truly be himself with.
Itzy had a habit of analysing her friends as if they were characters in one of the books she read.
Now she crept down the stairs, hoping no one would notice her leaving.
Mrs Morgan caught her.  ‘Going?’
Itzy nodded sheepishly.  ‘Just…tell Ash I said thanks, yeah?’
His mother regarded Itzy in a pitiful sort of way.  ‘I heard about your father,’ she said.  ‘I’m sorry.’
Itzy nodded.  ‘Uh-huh.  Anyway…goodbye.’
Then she pivoted on her heels and left Ash to talk to his girlfriend.
NINE
When Itzy got home, she found she’d been right: her mother was passed out on the sofa.  Itzy opened a wooden box that lay at the end of the sofa and pulled out a woven woolly throw patterned to look like daisy chains.  Myra’s mother had made it, before she died.  Itzy tossed it over her mother’s body and straightened it so it fit around her shoulders.  Itzy had been doing things like that for years.  She couldn’t remember the last time she’d felt like the child in their relationship.
Itzy pulled off her trainers and left them by the front door before heading up the stairs.  At the top, on the right, was her room.
When she opened the door, the first thing her eyes found was the wardrobe.  Her childhood hiding place.  There was nothing spectacular about it.  It was cheap and old and could probably do with replacing.  But for some reason, she felt like it meant something, now.  Like there was something she should know.
‘I’m going mad,’ she muttered.
She shut the door behind her and threw herself on the bed, her bag in her lap.  She fished around inside it for her phone, but couldn’t find it.  She groaned and pulled herself up, heading back out to find the portable landline phone.
It turned out to be in her mother’s room down the hall, sitting on top of a mirrored jewellery box.  She punched her own number into the phone and waited to hear it ring somewhere in her room.  Except instead of that, a male voice answered.
‘Itzy’s phone, how may I help you?’
She frowned.  ‘Seth?’
‘Itzy!’ he said.  He sounded genuinely pleased.  ‘Finally, it’s you!  Someone named Devon has been trying to reach you, by the way.’
‘Er, thanks.’  Itzy headed back to her room and shut the door.  She lay back down on her bed.  ‘Sorry I left my phone there.’
‘You didn’t.  I nicked it.’
She wasn’t sure she’d heard that right.  ‘You what?’
‘I wanted to talk to you again,’ he explained.
‘So you stole my phone.’
‘Mm-hm.’
‘You could’ve just asked for my number and rung me yourself,’ she pointed out.  She twirled a piece of her long hair around her finger. 
‘Boring,’ Seth said.  
Itzy let out an exasperated noise.  ‘So why did you want to speak to me?’
‘What would you say if I told you it always gets me hot and bothered when girls telekinetically throw books at me?’
‘I’d say you’re mad, but I already figured that out,’ she told him as she tugged harder on her hair.
‘That’s what you think of me?’  He sounded bemused by the description.  ‘So what can I do to get you to change your mind?’
‘About you being mad?  I don’t know.  Maybe don’t nick my phone?’
He laughed on the other end.
‘I’m serious,’ she said.
‘I know.  But that just makes it funnier.’
Itzy groaned.  ‘Is there a point to this conversation?  When can I get my phone back?  I need to ring Devon.’
‘Is that who came with you to the funeral, today?’ he asked.
God, was that only today?  So much had happened, it felt like it had been at least a month.  ‘Yes,’ she said wearily.  ‘Now when can I get my phone back?’
‘Right now, if you want.’
Itzy narrowed her eyes.  ‘Really?  How?’
Seth’s voice brightened.  ‘Oh, didn’t I tell you?  I persuaded Devon to give me your address so I could return your phone.  I’m outside your house now.’
Her body rocketed up in shock.  ‘What?’
She heard a noise at her window.  Sticks were being thrown at it.
Down the phone, Seth said, ‘So, are you going to invite me in?’
She got up and stared out the window.  She could see him standing on the grass, his blond hair glowing in the moonlight.  ‘Are you a vampire?’ she asked.
‘Don’t be silly,’ he said.  ‘I already told you: I’m an alien.’
Itzy shook her head.  ‘I have to be mad….’
‘But...?  I can hear a but.’
She chewed on her lower lip.  ‘I’ll be down in a sec.’
She clicked off the phone and tossed it on her bed.  Her first thought was, How do I look?  Her next thought was, Why do I care?
Then she hurried down the stairs, hoping her mother wouldn’t wake up and hear what was going on.  She doubted Myra would approve, no matter what condition she was in.
When she opened the door, Seth stood on the doorstep waiting.  He looked for all the world like an overgrown boy scout come to sell her chocolate biscuits.  She couldn’t help comparing him to Ash.  They were nothing alike.  Where Ash was dark, Seth was light.  Where Ash was solemn, Seth was excitable.  Where Ash was gentle and sincere, Seth was playful and arrogant.  Ash never seemed to believe in his own beauty, but Seth seemed painfully aware he was something special - and if you didn’t agree with that, well, he’d find some way to convince you.
He wore a brown leather jacket over his t-shirt.  He strode into the house as if he’d been there a thousand times and took off the jacket, throwing it over a hook on the wall by the front door.  Then he handed a dark bundle to Itzy.  ‘I wanted to return your clothes,’ he said a little too loudly.  A wicked spark danced in his eyes.
Itzy scowled and yanked her black dress from his hands.  She had wondered what had happened to it earlier.  
‘Shh,’ she scolded.  She nodded her head in the direction of the lounge.
Seth noticed the way the blanket on the sofa rose and fell, and he hooked a finger in that direction.  ‘Your mum?’ he guessed.
No point in denying it.  ‘She fell asleep on the sofa,’ Itzy said.  She hoped he wouldn’t detect the lie in her voice.
Mercifully, all he said was, ‘Uh-huh.  So let’s go.’
He took her hand and pulled her up the stairs, as if it were his house and not hers.  She shook herself free of his grasp and pushed her way in front of him, trying to regain control of the situation.
When they were in her room, she closed the door and put a finger to her lips to remind him again that they should be quiet.
‘I was kind of hoping you’d be the screaming type,’ he said with that grin plastered across his face.
‘One more comment like that and I’m throwing you out the window,’ she warned him.
That made him smile more.  Itzy tossed her mourning dress in her wardrobe and then watched as Seth took in her room with the appraising look of an art collector.  The fairy lights were switched on and the room shifted from a wash of pink, to blue, to green, to white, and back again.  His blond hair changed colours with the room.
‘It’s busy,’ he decided.  ‘No wonder you can’t concentrate.’
‘Why are you here?’ she snapped.  ‘Really?’
He let his roving eyes land on hers.  ‘I want to help you.’
Despite herself, Itzy’s heart quickened.  ‘You mean, help me learn to control my - my - ?’  She didn’t know what to call it.
His mouth curved up on one side.  ‘Yeah,’ he said.
‘Why couldn’t that wait until the morning?’
‘Are you kidding?’ Seth said.  ‘Look, I made a mistake with the apple.  It was a good mistake, as it turns out, because it got us here.  Otherwise, who knows what you might do, running round with that kind of power and not knowing what it is.’  He shuddered like the thought disturbed him.  ‘But Oz has a point.  These things probably need to be done in the dark so no one can see them.’
‘Why can’t anyone see them?’ Itzy wondered.  
He shot her a look like she shouldn’t have to ask such a question.  ‘You’re shaken up enough, and you actually have the power.  Imagine how one of your friends would react.’
‘I’ve told Devon.’
Seth leaned back in the desk chair he had commandeered.  ‘And what did she say?’
‘Well….’
‘She didn’t believe you.’
‘Not as such….’
Seth shook his head.  ‘Sit down,’ he told her.  He picked up the notebook and pen she’d left on the desk that morning and he handed them to her.  ‘Take these and go over there.’  He waved his hand in the air twice, in a sort of run along now, child motion.
Practically sulking, Itzy took the items and sat on the bed.  ‘Do we really have to do this now?  I’m so tired, my head might roll off.’
Seth looked amused at this idea.  ‘Good thing I’m here to catch it, then.  Now make as if you’re going to write.’
‘Fine,’ she grumbled.  She took the lid off the pen and let her hand hover over the paper.  She felt like she was posing for a stationery advert.
Seth leaned forward in the chair, his elbows balancing on his knees and his hands balled up inside each other.  ‘So.  Lesson one.  The trouble is you don’t know what to do with your anger.  When you feel like you’re burning up inside, you just let it explode.  The trick is to learn to centre yourself, and own that anger.  Sit down on the floor,’ he instructed.
Itzy sighed.  ‘But you just told me to sit here and pretend I was going to write something.’
‘Change of plan.’
He waved her down from the bed and onto the floor.  He joined her there, glancing briefly at her choice of rug.  He crossed his legs like a yogi and placed his hands, palm up, on his knees.  Itzy copied him, but she didn’t look nearly as graceful.
‘How can you balance like that?’ she demanded.
He closed his eyes.  ‘Now, now,’ he said.  ‘Own that anger.’
‘Fine,’ she said with a huffy sigh.  She closed her own eyes and fell into a sea of black, painted with red squiggly stars.
‘Now think of something that really irritates you,’ he said.
‘Like you?’
‘You don’t find me nearly as irritating as you’d like me to believe,’ he said without opening his eyes.  ‘I’m talking about real anger.  Rage.’
‘Rage.  Right.’
She tried to summon up the angry thoughts.  This was the easy part.  It was getting those thoughts to stop that was hard.
An image of her father rose in her mind’s eye.  It was Hateful Stephen, this time.  It was a memory from when she was perhaps five years old, when she’d been drawn out of the safety of her room, into the hallway and downstairs by the sound of shrill screams.  She’d been met with the sight of her mother backed behind their dining table and her father on the other side, leering at her with a knife.  He was shouting obscenities at Myra - but not really.  He never looked right at them when he got that way.  Instead, he looked at a place just above or to the sides of their heads, like he was seeing something no one else could and it made him so angry he could bring down the world.
The really scary part was that her own anger at him suddenly dissipated, melting into a different scene.  Now she was looking at herself.  This was Hateful Itzy.  She was hurling the book at her boyfriend - except he was no longer her boyfriend, and maybe he would never even be a friend.  She had ruined the one good thing she ever had.
It wasn’t her father.  It wasn’t her alcoholic mother.  It was her.  Itzel Loveguard.  She had done it.  And she hated herself for it.
The anger boiled in her veins, rising up her throat and tearing out in the semblance of a scream.
Then Seth was there.  His hands wrapped tightly around her wrists as he pushed her backward onto the floor.  It was the second time a boy had found his way on top of her that night, but like before, she knew this wasn’t going to lead anywhere.
He stared down at her.  It was a cold, hard stare, but something about it was calming, like it was just intense enough to drown out the background noise of her own head and change the pictures in there.
Light danced around his head, like an aura, marked with thin tendrils of black that stretched across her vision.  Her ragged breathing slowed and she felt herself slip into the trance.
Then she was pulled up so she was sitting again and something was thrust into her hands.  She knew what it was: the notebook - the pen.
She grabbed at them just as she took a backseat in her own head.
Or…no.  She wasn’t in the backseat, this time.  It was more like sitting on the passenger side.  Okay, so she wasn’t driving yet, but this was something.  This was better.
She could actually feel herself writing, now, whereas all the other times she had composed one of her magic stories (there was no other way to think of them, she decided), it had been like a dream.  Now, there was some connection that hadn’t previously been present.
She held onto the idea long and hard, sinking into the feeling of the pen, its nib dashing the paper this way and that, in long loops and jerky lines.  It felt smooth under the pressure of her hand.
When she was done, she fell limp and Seth caught her just before she could hit her head on the floor.  He rubbed her forehead with his palm until her eyelids fluttered open.
She was surprised to see the arrogance she’d thought was his permanent expression had been wiped off his face.  He looked at her differently, now.  Perhaps with a sort of awe, like what he’d just witnessed had moved him somehow.
‘What happened?’ Itzy asked.  ‘And why are you holding me?’  She jumped away from him.
Seth scratched his temple, still regarding her with that awed expression.  ‘That was a good start,’ he told her, though she couldn’t shake the feeling that he was withholding something from her.  ‘You didn’t lose control.  That’s good.’
‘You mean I didn’t throw a library at you,’ she said dryly.
He grinned.  ‘That too.’  Then a weird moaning sound rose up from behind him.  ‘What the -’ he said, turning to look.
Parson Brown was a teddy bear Stephen had given to Itzy for her sixth birthday.  She had named him after a line in her favourite Christmas song, Winter Wonderland.  He was brown, so as far as she’d been concerned, the name made sense.
She hadn’t let the bear out of her sight a single night in eleven years.  He travelled with her everywhere.  When they went on a family holiday to France, Parson Brown came with them.  She slept on him on the plane, using him like a pillow.  He later went to Mallorca, Ibiza, Barcelona, Rome, Inverness, you name it.  She’d shared so many nights with that bear, it had turned into a habit she couldn’t kick.
Now, Parson Brown’s eyes had lit up bright yellow.  His mouth, normally sewn shut, pulled open and a voice said, ‘Who dares disturb my ward?’
Seth blinked, his body still twisted around to see.  The muscles in his arms twitched in the moonlight beaming down through the window.  His skin looked like it was covered in silver.
‘Your ward?’ he repeated.
‘Itzy,’ the bear clarified.
‘Ohhh,’ said Seth.  He laughed.  Then he laughed louder.  ‘Oh, I - I - I see,’ he spluttered through laughs.
He turned back around to face Itzy, who gaped at the scene in surprise.  Seeing her just seemed to set him off even more, until he was doubled over on the floor, clutching his stomach, tears streaming out of his eyes from laughing so hard.
‘Oh God,’ he squealed, ‘that is - the funniest -’  The rest was lost in laughter.
‘I don’t see what’s so funny,’ Itzy said.  Annoyance washed over her.
He laughed even more when he heard that.  He pointed his finger at her, to make it obvious he was laughing at her, and then put his hand on his stomach again to hold it as it ached.
The bear watched her with its glowing eyes.  ‘My ward,’ it addressed her, ‘do you want me to kill him?’
That stopped the laughter.  Seth pulled himself up in a flash and scooted back beside Itzy, staring at the bear with her.
‘I’m sorry?’ she said in surprise.
In response, two small blades shot out of the bear’s paws, positioned to fire.  A spark flew in the air and the first blade dashed across the room.
Seth dodged instinctively and the blade lodged itself in the wardrobe behind him.  Seth and Itzy turned their heads in unison to look at the damage.
‘Okay,’ he said, turning back to the bear, ‘this isn’t funny anymore.’
The bear prepared to launch the second blade, but Seth was already drawing furiously in the air.  He looked like he was sketching a building of some kind.
He was.  No sooner had the second spark flown than a grey stone-looking structure appeared around the bear, a tiny window revealing its glowing eyes.
The weight of the structure knocked the bear backward, leaving it lying dazed on Itzy’s pillow, patterned in flowers.  Itzy scrambled to her feet and hovered over the imprisoned bear.  He seemed to be struggling.  The miniature jail bounced and jittered across the pillow.  It hit the end of the bed and toppled onto the floor with a small crash.
Seth came up behind her and leaned his arm on her bare shoulder.  ‘Blimey, Itzy, what kind of warped mind comes up with a killer teddy bear?’
Itzy shrugged his arm off and turned to face him.  ‘Why didn’t you just make him a normal toy again?  Why put him in a jail?’
‘It was more entertaining,’ he said.
‘It’s weird.’
Seth emitted a noise that might have been a snort.  He was clearly amused.  ‘Weirder than a killer teddy bear?’  Without waiting for her to reply, he folded his left arm around his waist and used it as a shelf on which to lean his right elbow, his fist propping up his chin.  ‘So you’ve taken the first step and got control of the anger.’
‘This time, anyway,’ Itzy said, exhausted.
He went on like he’d not heard her, and started pacing up and down her rug.  ‘Now we need to get you to control your writing.’  He stopped mid-pace and grinned at her.  ‘After all, it could be killer teddies today, and World War Three tomorrow.’
Itzy swatted the jumping teddy bear jail aside and slumped onto her bed.  The bear squeaked in surprise.  ‘You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?’
Seth pinched his fingers together like one might in a game of Charades and said, ‘A little.’
‘I don’t know why you’re trying so hard, here,’ she said.  ‘I’m nothing special.  I’m not like you.’
He lifted one of his eyebrows.  ‘You think I’m special?’
‘You know what I mean,’ she told him, avoiding his searching eyes.  ‘You have a gift.  Me?  I have a curse.’
‘No no no no no.’  He came over to her on the bed.  He sat very close to her, so their legs touched.  For once, she didn’t move away.  She wondered why that was.  ‘You are gifted,’ he told her.  He wasn’t joking anymore.  She could see that on his face.  ‘In fact, you might be the most gifted of us all.’
‘No, I’m not.’
‘I said you might be.  Can you give me that, at least?’
She sighed.  ‘Fine.  And you care because…?’
For a moment, there was a look in those bright eyes of his that suggested he might be about to tell her something wonderful, something beautifully sincere - something poetic, about longing and fate and -
But he didn’t.
‘I discovered you,’ Seth said as he hopped to his feet.  ‘You heard your brother: you’re my pet now.  Now get up and let’s work on lesson two.’
* * *
Later, she dreamt she was walking barefoot along a riverbank.  All around her were fields, and the grass was cool beneath her feet.  The rest of the world had disappeared, leaving her alone with its midnight majesty.  She wore a long gauzy nightdress that fell to her ankles and swelled around her with the wind, which tossed her black hair around and made her look like a celestial fairy.
A dark figure sat at the edge of the water.  She could tell from the build that it was a boy, but she could make out nothing more.  She walked silently toward him, her fingers dipping into one of his intangible black shoulders.
He turned.  He was all shadow, featureless, aside from his steely grey eyes, which leapt out like wolves.
The same eyes she kept seeing lately, in her trances.
They were tormented eyes, eyes that had known great emptiness and lacked self-knowledge.  They seemed to search her face for something they had been wanting all their life but could not name.
She felt herself sink into them, like this was where she was always meant to be, bathing in the dark figure’s gaze.  Her heart throbbed for him.
‘They’re coming for us,’ she found herself saying.
‘No,’ the figure said, ‘they’re coming for it.’  
His grey eyes flashed and their light flickered on the water beside them.  The river took that light and warped it, extended it, until it streaked across the silvery surface.
The figure put out his shadowy hand for her.  She took it without needing to consider what she was doing, and this time it felt solid; her hand didn’t slip through it but grasped it.  She thought if only she could stay there long enough, she would see the boy behind the shadows.  Her heart cried out for that boy, without knowing why.
The river had turned to ice, and they stepped gingerly onto it.  Her feet had gained a smoothness that could skate easily on the frozen water.  Together, they glided in swift, gentle movements, the shadow’s arms pulling her in, enveloping her in black.
She still wasn’t afraid.  She wanted the darkness.  It was beautiful and comforting, like the answer to a prayer.
‘Don’t let them get my children,’ she quoted, just before the scene filled with ink.
Everything was black, and the shadow was gone.  It was just her, watching as there was an explosion and stars tumbled out, scattering across the sky in which she floated.
And in one small corner of space, the darkness bent and wobbled, as if something were trying to crack through the fabric of the universe and make itself known.
Then she woke breathless, a thin layer of sweat coating her neck and shoulders.
What had it meant?
She lay back, closing her eyes and counting backward from twenty.
It didn’t help, so she tried again, this time from fifty.
Then she thought of the shadow, and his grey eyes, and calm overwhelmed her.
TEN
Itzy slept well into the afternoon the next day, finally waking to the sound of birds tittering about how she should have been up hours ago.  She rolled over sleepily, her arm flopping over the side of the bed and her fingers tapping the carpeting on the floor.  The curtains were shut and the fairy lights still coloured the room faintly.
Then she saw something that woke her right up.
Her eyes flashed and she grabbed her phone on the night stand.  She dialled the number she’d been given last night and pressed her mobile to her ear.
‘Damn it, Seth,’ she greeted him when he answered.  ‘Why is Parson Brown still in jail?’
‘Hiya, Itz,’ he spoke sleepily down the line.  In that haze, she could almost pretend he was normal.  He even sounded sort of - 
Focus, Itzy.
‘Answer the question,’ she said.
‘Hey, own that anger,’ he replied.
She took a deep breath and counted to five.  ‘I’m not cross,’ she lied.  ‘I just want to know why you didn’t release the bear.  My mum could find him!  How am I supposed to explain it to her?’
‘Dunno.’
Itzy was flabbergasted.  ‘Dunno?  That’s all you have to say?’
‘Yep.’
Something clicked.  ‘You want me to get him out of the jail myself.’
‘Oh, she’s got it!’ Seth announced to an imaginary audience.  The arrogance had returned to his voice, making him sound more like himself.  He made a grunting noise, like he’d been lying down and just sat up.  ‘Remember what we went over last night.  Own it.  Make it yours.  Alright?’
Then he clicked off and the connection flat-lined in a long drawn-out beeeeeeep.
Itzy stared at the phone like she couldn’t believe anything that had just happened.
Parson Brown banged in his prison and started yelling that they could chain his body, but they could never chain his mind.
‘For goodness’ sake, shut up!’ she yelled at him.
He only banged louder.
She swore under her breath.  ‘Okay, I can do this,’ she said.  She inhaled deeply.  ‘I can own this.  Get control.’
She got up and sat at the desk, taking the pen in hand.  She let her hand hover just over the paper, like she was about to do automatic writing.  She let the frustration flow through her, rather than around her.  It filled every part of her, cooling her blood and making her head feel watery, like her brain was floating.  But try as she might, her hand remained still.
That only made her more frustrated, and she flung the pen on the floor.  She kicked the desk, shoving herself and the chair backward six inches, her arms crossed in annoyance.
‘I hate him,’ she said.
Except that wasn’t right.  She didn’t hate Seth.  She didn’t know him well enough to attach such a strong emotion to him, and it wasn’t his fault she couldn’t do this.
She shut her eyes, letters dancing in the black.  Ds did pirouettes, Fs leapt and were caught by Rs.  They attached themselves to each other in delicate but passionate embraces, melting into one another, before slowly separating into neat rows.
They started to spell something, something sensible.
The banging stopped.
Itzy’s eyes flew open and she jerked her attention to the floor, where the bear had been.  Except he was gone.
She looked at the bed.  He sat, free of his metaphorical chains, on top of her pillow.  A dopey smile was stitched onto his face, his eyes glazed with plastic.
‘Parson Brown?’ she whispered.
She stood and tiptoed over to him.  She extended her arm and poked him, immediately drawing back her hand and holding it protectively over her chest, prepared for him to fire one of his blades at her.  But he just toppled over, his stubby stuffed legs sticking up in the air.
‘Huh,’ she said as she admired her handiwork.  ‘I did it.  But how?’
The doorbell rang downstairs.  Itzy headed down to answer it and found Devon on the doorstep.  She wore a pair of skinny jeans embroidered with bright blue flowers, and she had on one of her staple strappy tops.  This one was fuchsia, the front covered in crisscrossing ribbons, making it look like a corset.  Her feet were encased in blue silk ballet pumps.
‘Hey, you ready?’ Devon asked.
Itzy’s head went blank.  ‘Sorry?’
Devon rolled her eyes.  ‘Shopping.  I need a new dress and you were going to buy some more of your boring stationery, remember?’
Come to think of it, that did sound familiar.  Hadn’t there been some sort of conversation about it the day before yesterday?
‘Oh, right,’ said Itzy.  ‘I’ll just get myself together and let’s go.’
The girls headed back up the stairs to Itzy’s room.  Itzy rummaged through her dresser drawers and pulled out a clean top.  It was bright red and said Heartbreaker on the front.  Devon had bought it for her last birthday.
That was before Itzy had actually become a heartbreaker, she thought ruefully.
She brushed out the rat’s nests in her hair and pulled it up into a high ponytail.  Even then, the tips of her hair still crept down her back, almost to her elbows.  When she was done, she turned around for inspection and Devon nodded in approval.
Itzy grabbed her phone, and pulled her house key and some money out of the bag she’d brought to the funeral the day before.  She stuffed the items into her jeans pockets and the girls padded out of the room, down the stairs.  By the door, Itzy dipped her feet into her trainers.
‘Hey, you were right,’ Devon said, looking at her shoes.
‘About what?’ Itzy asked as she leaned over to tie the laces.
‘You managed to clean them.  I didn’t think you could, but they look brand new.  What’d you use?’
Itzy hurriedly tied her shoes and stood up again.  ‘Er, Vanish.’
‘On shoes?’ Devon said doubtfully.
‘Um…sure.  Let’s go, eh?’
They caught a bright red double-decker bus and sat on the top deck.  Itzy stared out the window, at the treetops that lined the roads.  It was a beautiful sunny day, the sky mostly blue, with only a few white clouds marring it.  The green of the leaves was bright and reflective through the glass of the bus windows.
The girls reached their stop and dismounted the bus at Ealing Broadway, heading into the shopping centre.  Devon had to buy a dress to wear to her cousin’s wedding, and she decided to use that as an excuse to head into every clothing shop there was, even the ones that were wildly inappropriate for what she needed.  They went into River Island, for instance, where Devon convinced Itzy to try on a series of outfits she would never have worn in a million years.  As it grew late, Itzy left Devon in one of the changing rooms of New Look and agreed to meet her again outside the stationery shop.
Paperchase was one of Itzy’s favourite shops, because she had an unnatural passion for all things stationery.  She loved their covers, she loved crisp paper, she loved pens and holding pens and different types of ink.  She loved the thrill of buying a new notebook and not knowing what might end up filling it.
Writing was something Itzy had wanted to do ever since she was a little girl.  Her earliest memory was of being three or four and shutting herself in her wardrobe to hide away from the screaming taking place outside her bedroom.  It had been terrifying, so little Itzy had run from it the only way she’d known how.  She had started making up stories in her head.  She couldn’t remember what those stories were, anymore, because it was so long ago.  Also, she had blocked out a lot of the more painful memories, as children do when traumatised.
But what she did remember was how much she loved slipping into her own imagination.  She loved creating characters, people who behaved in just the right way, who said and did all the right things.  Even as she grew older and gradually immersed herself more and more in the so-called ‘real world’, she never lost that first love: her love of story-telling.
She was inexplicably drawn to a book covered in a photograph taken by the Hubble telescope.  It showed a red nebula radiating its arms to the older stars scattered around it.  She placed her hand on it, as if expecting to feel heat coming off it, or some spark.  Nothing came, of course.  She thought she might save it for when she returned to college for her final year, next month.
One of her classes would be English Language and she already knew she would be writing a minimum of five essays a week to get through it.  She’d bought her books for the class in advance, so she could have them ready beforehand and be prepared.  In that way, she was different from Devon, who had never cared much for the more academic aspect of school and preferred things like drama and music.
But Itzy loved learning.  It was something she’d inherited from her father, for whom learning had been the ultimate purpose of life.  He’d valued it more than family, more than friends, more than anything, and he couldn’t help but pass a little of that on to his children.
Itzy took the star-covered book to the cashier, paid for it and exited the shop.  Devon was waiting for her.  A bag hung from one of her arms.
‘Found something, then?’
Devon grinned wickedly.  ‘Going to upstage the bride, I think.’
Itzy smiled.  ‘Brilliant.  Milkshakes?’
They headed out of the shopping centre and walked to a café, where they ordered milkshakes, Devon’s chocolate and Itzy’s strawberry.  They sipped them outside, at a metal table that wobbled every time one of them leaned on it.  The sun shone down on them, drawing red out of Devon’s hair.
‘So Ash said you came round,’ Devon said.  Itzy could tell she was trying to sound casual, though something else undercut her words.
Itzy set her milkshake on the table.  ‘It was an accident.’
‘How do you accidentally end up at someone’s house?’
‘Well, it was just where I happened to be, when I stormed out of my brother’s car.’  Itzy leaned forward and took another sip of her drink, without holding it.
Devon’s eyes grew to the size of saucers.  ‘How did you end up in your brother’s car?’
‘I accidentally wound up at his house.’
They looked at each other and started laughing.  ‘I think you’re going to have to start at the beginning,’ Devon said.
So Itzy did just that.  She told her everything, apart from what she was coming to think of as ‘the crazy stuff’.  Devon’s mouth dropped lower and lower through the story.
When Itzy was finished, Devon said, ‘Wow.  Wow.  I don’t know what to say, other than…wow.’
Itzy took a breath.  ‘There’s more.’
‘More than all that?’
Itzy nodded.  ‘Um…okay, this is going to sound a little nuts…but….’
Devon already knew what she was going to say.  They’d known each other long enough for her to read her best friend’s face.  ‘This is about your writing, isn’t it?’
Itzy nodded again.  All around them, people strolled past languorously, as if problems didn’t touch them.  She felt like she was sitting in a painting hanging on a wall for everyone to analyse.  More and more, she was convinced she was epistemologically challenged.
Devon reached over the table and took her hand.  ‘Hey.  Whatever it is, you can tell me.’
‘I know,’ Itzy said.  ‘I really do.  It’s just…will you believe me?’
Devon sighed.  She released her friend’s hand and sank back in her chair, steadying herself with her foot before the flimsy chair could topple her onto the ground.  ‘Try me.’
Itzy willed the words to leave her mouth.  After all, this wasn’t just anyone; this was Devon.  Devon, who had seen her through every up and down, every ugly scene, every tear, every tantrum, every fall.  Devon had never once judged her - or if she had, she’d never voiced it or treated her any differently for her mistakes.
‘Well,’ Itzy began, ‘Seth can…do things.’
‘…like?’
‘He kind of…draws pictures in the air and makes things appear out of nowhere,’ Itzy blurted.  She grabbed her milkshake and finished it off.
Devon looked stunned, certainly, but when she spoke, she sounded more curious than doubtful.  ‘So you really can make stories come to life?’
Itzy’s head bobbed up and down.  ‘You mean you believe me?’
‘Itz.  I’ve known you forever, right?  You’ve never, ever lied to me.  So either you’ve gone totally bonkers, Dizzee Rascal style…or you’re telling me the truth.’
Itzy smiled.  Seth was wrong; not everyone would reject her if they knew.
Then again, Devon had never been ordinary people.
‘Thanks,’ Itzy said.
Devon clapped her hands together like a child.  ‘So come on, show me.’
‘Show you what?’
‘You know,’ she whispered conspiratorially.  ‘Get out that notebook and make something happen!’
For the second time in as many days, Itzy felt like a circus animal expected to perform tricks, but suffering from a bad case of stage fright.
‘I can’t,’ she said, just as she had told Seth and Oz.
Devon’s face fell.  ‘Why not?’
‘I don’t know.  I can’t seem to make it happen when I want it to.  Seth and I were up all night trying to -’
‘What?’ Devon interrupted her.  A smile tugged on the sides of her mouth and drew it right up to her cheeks, which flushed with excitement.  On her pale freckled skin, the pink stood out like the flesh of a raspberry.
‘Okay,’ said Itzy, realising what was happening.  ‘It’s not how it sounds.’
‘Does Myra know you had a boy stay over?’ Devon teased.
‘No, she was…well, anyway, it really isn’t how it sounds,’ Itzy insisted.  ‘He was training me.’
‘Oh.’  Devon sounded deeply disappointed.  She sipped up the last of her chocolate milkshake and pushed the cup aside.  ‘Training you for what?’
‘What makes you think it was for something?’
Devon tilted her head to the right and narrowed her eyes like, You know better.  ‘You don’t train unless you’re preparing for something.  Like a marathon, right?  You train for it.  You run a lot, you exercise, you build up your stamina, so you don’t die when you have to do the real thing.’
Itzy scratched her head.  A strand of black hair tore loose from the ponytail and fell in her face.  ‘I hadn’t thought of it like that,’ she admitted.  ‘All he said was I needed to learn to control my anger.’
Devon nodded like these were wise words.  ‘You do.  I approve.’  She grinned.  Her eyes squinted in the sunlight, making her look a little like Oz’s cat, Eurydice.  ‘Sounds like he’s a good influence.’
‘Oh, stop.  It’s not like that.  If you met him -’
‘Which I did,’ Devon reminded her.  ‘And by the way, he was gorgeous.’
‘Until he starts talking,’ Itzy threw in.
Devon cracked up, her hair shaking over her shoulder.  ‘He can’t be that bad if you spent the night with him.’
‘Would you stop saying that?’ Itzy hissed.  ‘It wasn’t like that!’
‘I do believe you’re blushing,’ Devon observed, her voice a mimicry of someone out of Pride and Prejudice.
‘I am not,’ Itzy maintained.  ‘Anyway.  All I mean is he’s so full of himself.  He thinks he’s God’s gift and it drives me mad.’
‘So why are you spending time with him?’ Devon asked.
‘It’s not like I’m trying to.  He just won’t leave me alone.’  She flicked the hair out of her face and over her ear.  ‘Anyway, that was yesterday.  It was only one day.  It’s not like it’s going anywhere.  He’ll forget about me and life can get back to normal.’
‘If you say so,’ Devon said.  ‘So do you think your training has anything to do with your dad’s note?’
Itzy’s blood ran cold at this reminder.  ‘Why would you think that?’
Devon shrugged.  ‘Dunno.  Just putting two and two together and seeing what everything’s for,’ she punned badly.
Itzy leaned her elbows on the table and rested her chin on her hands, her knuckles hard against her skin.  ‘You think Seth and Oz know more than they’re letting on?’
Devon copied Itzy’s pose.  ‘You think they’re going to tell you everything when they’ve only just met you?’
‘Huh,’ was all Itzy had to say to that.
* * *
They window-shopped for the next hour before getting back on the bus to Itzy’s house.  They walked up the path splitting her front garden into two halves and Itzy fished her key out of her pocket.
‘I hear voices,’ Devon said.
‘You should get that seen to,’ Itzy said as she put her key in the door and turned the handle.
But Devon was right.  Inside, someone sat on a chair at the dining table at the end of the kitchen, across from a very tired looking Myra.  They had mugs of tea: one had a peeling image of Mickey Mouse, from a trip to Disneyland Paris the family had taken back in the days when Stephen was still around; the other was from Madam Tussaud’s Chamber of Horrors.
‘Mum?’ Itzy started.  Then she saw who was drinking out of the Chamber of Horrors mug. 
Seth put the mug down on the table, some of the tea splashing out, and he beamed a smile at her.  ‘Hey, Itz!’
Devon leaned in to her friend and whispered, ‘Isn’t that…?’
Itzy nodded.  She lunged for the table and glued her eyes to him.  ‘Why are you here?’
‘Itzel Loveguard,’ said Myra.  She placed her hand over one of Itzy’s.  ‘Where are your manners?’
Itzy pulled away from her mother and rolled her eyes.  ‘Sorry.  Excuse me, why are you here?’
‘I was waiting for you,’ Seth told her.  His eyes were particularly blue under the sunlight that streamed through the oversized window above the table.  Something fuzzy and brown was on his lap.
‘What are you doing with Parson Brown?’ Itzy demanded.
Seth looked down and laughed.  He picked up the bear and sat it on the table, like he wanted it to join in the conversation.  ‘Well done,’ he said.
Itzy couldn’t help herself.  She grabbed his hand and yanked him to his feet.  ‘Sorry, Mum.  He’s coming with me.’
He followed obediently, Devon in their tow.  Seth looked over his shoulder and called back, ‘Lovely chatting with you, Mrs Loveguard!’
Up in Itzy’s room, she slammed the door shut and leaned back against it, her arms, like her mood, crossed.  ‘What do you think you’re doing?’ she barked at him.
Seth’s face was all innocence.  ‘I told you: I was waiting for you.’
‘I don’t mean that,’ she said.  She stomped angrily across the room and sat on her bed, next to Devon.  ‘I mean with the bear.  Talking about it in that cryptic way, right in front of my mum.’
Seth plopped himself down on her desk chair and spun it around in a circle twice, before setting his feet down on the floor and stopping himself so he faced the girls.  ‘Like you’re doing in front of Devon, you mean?’
Itzy flushed.  ‘That’s different.  She…she knows.’
‘Ah.’  His strong hands flashed through the air and Parson Brown dropped into his lap.  Devon gave a little gasp, and he chuckled.  ‘Bit different actually seeing it, isn’t it?’ he said, obviously enjoying the impression he was making.  He tossed the bear from hand to hand, like a juggling ball, before suddenly throwing it at Itzy.  She jumped and caught it and he looked pleased.  ‘Nice reflexes,’ he commended.
Itzy scowled.  ‘Am I meant to be flattered?’
‘You can be whatever you want to be,’ he said.  It was hard to tell if he just wasn’t bothered or if his words carried some deeper meaning.
She allowed herself a moment to take him in.  He wore navy blue track bottoms and a fitted blue top that showed off the contours of his chest.  But as chiselled as his body was, his hands were slender and looked like they were made to hold a paintbrush or a conductor’s wand.
He indicated her t-shirt, the one that read Heartbreaker, and asked, ‘Is that supposed to be a warning?’
Itzy chose to move things along.  ‘Why were you waiting for me?’
‘Training.’
She groaned and fell backward.  The top of her ponytail dug into her head as she hit the bed.
Devon took that as her opportunity to reiterate her earlier question: ‘So what are you training for?’
Seth raised one of his golden eyebrows.  ‘You’re quicker than your friend,’ he noted.  On the bed, Itzy threw her hands over her eyes and groaned again.  ‘The fact is,’ he said to Devon, ‘if I told you, Oz would kill me.’
Itzy sat up.  ‘My brother?  Why does he care?’
‘More importantly,’ Devon broke in, ‘what’s he hiding?’
Seth regarded her coolly.  ‘I’m guessing you didn’t tell her everything?’ he said, his eyes never leaving Devon.
‘I thought maybe I’d leave out all the crazy stuff,’ Itzy told him in a dry voice.
He grinned in that maddening way of his.  ‘The crazy stuff,’ he repeated.
Devon turned to her friend.  ‘Itz.  What’s he mean?’
‘Hrmph,’ said Itzy as she flopped back on the bed once more.  Why oh why couldn’t she rewrite this scene?  More precisely, why couldn’t she take herself out of it?
‘We’re descended from aliens,’ Seth announced just as easily as if he’d been telling her he was taking swimming lessons.
‘Uh-huh,’ said Devon, ‘and I’m from the future.  Can’t you tell from my fashion sense?’
‘I like her,’ Seth told Itzy.  ‘She has a better sense of humour than you.’
‘Great,’ Itzy mumbled.  ‘Remember to invite me to the wedding.’  She turned her gaze to Devon.  ‘Dev, he actually thinks he’s being serious.’
‘Rather worryingly, I gathered that.  So, aliens, huh?’ Devon said. 
‘Not ET,’ Seth said.  ‘Ever heard of Atlantis?’
‘You mean the Disney film?’
If anyone could make a shake of the head look patronising, it was Seth, and he did so now.  ‘No.  I mean the actual lost city of Atlantis.’
Devon’s eyes lit up.  She looked down at Itzy, who had grown quiet and still.  ‘Hey, didn’t your dad used to talk about that?’
‘Yes,’ Itzy said, not moving, waiting for Seth to continue.
‘Yeah, yeah,’ Devon said, turning back to him.  ‘I remember, now.  He had a book on it.  He left it here and we found it once and looked through it.  It was all about some myth that aliens had come down to Earth and mated with humans and formed some city called Atlantis.  But it sank under the ocean and the aliens went back to their home planet and lots of people have been trying to find the city, since then.  Isn’t there even a theory that Christopher Columbus was searching for it?’
Seth gave her an approving look.  ‘Very good,’ he said.  He sounded like a teacher.  ‘Well, it’s not a myth.  Atlantis is very real.  It’s where my ancestors first landed, thousands of years ago.  Though we weren’t the first ones to come here.  There were others here before them, all over the world.’
Devon smiled.  ‘Right.  And then they went back home, yeah?’
‘That’s right.’
‘So Itzy’s dad wasn’t reading about it because he was an archaeologist.  He just wanted to learn about his family history.’
Seth grinned.  ‘You catch on quickly.’
Devon looked at her friend.  She took her by the hands and pulled at her.  ‘Itzy, get up.’  She did, and they stared at each other.  ‘How much of this do you believe?’
Itzy shrugged.  ‘Dunno.  I mean, you’ve seen what he can do.  I’ve told you what I can do.  That’s strange enough.  Who knows about the rest?’
Devon considered this carefully.  Then she let her eyes rest on Seth again.  He had resumed spinning around in the desk chair.  There was something too confident about him even then.  It made Itzy wish she could do something to break his cool exterior and see if something more lay beneath.  She thought something must, because she’d caught a glimpse of it at the funeral.  But since then….
‘So why are you telling me all of this?’ Devon wondered.
Seth stopped spinning and shrugged.  ‘Itzy trusts you.  That’s enough for me.’
Itzy had no idea what to do with that, so she stood up with new determination and said, ‘Okay.  Let’s start training, then.’
Seth’s eyes twitched and he stood too.  ‘Fantastic.’
In three swift steps, he was standing face to face with her, while Devon sat on the bed and watched them like the latest film craze.
‘Alright,’ he said, ‘now think of something you want to happen.  But not anything likely to get us attacked by cuddly toys,’ he warned with a reprimanding shake of his forefinger.  He turned to Devon to explain.  ‘Last night, she made her bear try to kill me.’  He shook his head as if to say, What’s our Itzy like, eh?
Itzy tried to ignore the astonishment on her friend’s face.  ‘I’m not sure what to do,’ she said.
‘It doesn’t have to be big,’ Seth urged her along.  ‘Start small.  Something like….’
‘Ooh, I know!’ Devon cried, raising her hand like they were in school.  Her companions turned in her direction, waiting for her to reveal her great idea.  ‘Turn the lights on and off.  Just by blinking.  That would be so cool.  You’d be like Bewitched.’
Seth returned his gaze to Itzy.  He had an expectant look on his face.  ‘You heard the girl.  That’s your first request, so come on, get to it.’
Itzy looked up at the lamp shade that hung from her ceiling.  It was cream-coloured and painted with Chinese lettering.  She wasn’t certain, but she believed it read, Peace.  She had bought it once to inspire her toward a more stable mental and emotional state, but it hadn’t done anything more than protect her from the glare of the light bulb.
It was off, now, because it was bright outside, the sun streaking into the room.  But Devon was already fixing that by climbing to her knees on the bed and drawing the curtains closed, plunging them into heavy shade.  Then Devon resituated herself on the bed, waiting for the magic show to begin.
Itzy swallowed.  She felt very on the spot.  ‘Remember,’ she warned, ‘I might not be able to do this.’
Seth shook his head with impatience.  ‘Stop it.’  He drew his arms together in an X and then swept them apart.  ‘Stop being so negative about yourself.  You know, I once read a story about a man who fell in love with a planet, and he decided he would never be happy unless he was with it.  So he went to the top of a cliff and jumped off, thinking he could fly to the planet.  But in the last second, he thought, This is impossible, and he fell to his death.’
Itzy blinked at him in bewilderment.  ‘Is that meant to be inspirational?’
Seth laughed.  ‘The moral of the story is: there’s no such thing as impossible; there’s only the belief that something is impossible.  Aim for the stars and you might reach them - as long as you never doubt yourself.’
Itzy thought that was easy for him to say.  In many ways, he was perfect; she had to give him that.  He was handsome and strong and had an easy way about him.  She realised that despite how annoying he could be, she was coming to like his company.
‘Okay,’ she said, taking a deep breath.  ‘Aim for the stars.’
‘Or in this case, the light bulb,’ Seth joked. 
But when Itzy closed her eyes, she found that the stars and the bulb were similar.  They were both fiery illumination in her mind, heating her inside.  She could see the shadows of scarlet letters dancing against the backdrop of space, waiting for her to drag them out and be seen.  
She reached out in her mind - yes, it was as if her mind had arms - and tried to grab hold of them, but she couldn’t seem to touch them.  Every time she moved toward them, they stepped aside, tricking her and sneaking away.  
She tried again, but they just kept leaping out of the way.  It was frustrating, because she was so close to them, they were right there, and yet they slipped away from her like eels.  Her head swam with thoughts - distracted thoughts, not about light, but about other things too, like Ash, and Seth, and Myra downstairs having one of her rare lucid moments where she felt she had the right to talk to Itzy like a mother just because Seth and Devon were there.  But she never seemed to do it when it was just the two of them.  Myra was very like Stephen, in that way.  They both made an effort when they felt they had to perform for an audience, but they never thought Itzy needed to see that performance too.
She felt herself grow angry, until it was full-blown rage and the space in her head shifted from red to black.  The stars disappeared and the letters glowed hotly, asking to be held.  She thrust her mental hand around them before they could escape her again and she forced them violently into words, words into sentences, and when she thought she was done, she added the full stop.
Then she opened her eyes and noticed Seth looked nervous.
‘What -’ Itzy began, but she was interrupted by the sound of smashing glass.
She looked up, just in time to see the light bulb drop down over her head.  She wanted to move out of the way, to avoid it, or even just to turn her eyes away, to protect herself in some way, but she couldn’t get her body to work.  It felt like everything was moving in slow-motion.
She heard Devon shriek, and suddenly she was torn aside.  Time sped back up to its normal rate and she watched as the glass fell to the carpet, bouncing in all directions.  A piece landed in Parson Brown’s ear.  He was having a very bad time of it, indeed.
Then Itzy became aware that Seth was standing just behind her, his hands gripping her arms.  She could feel his chest against her back, and the way his elevated heart rate made it rise and fall too quickly.
‘That was close,’ he breathed.  He released her and knelt down on the floor, picking up a bit of glass and examining it from every angle.  He whistled.  ‘That’s some power you have.’
‘You did that?’ Devon cried in amazement.  ‘You actually did that?’
Itzy stood stunned, unable to answer.  So Seth said, ‘Yes, she actually did that.’
He sighed heavily and pushed himself back up so he was standing.  He wiped his hands through the air, making the smashed glass vanish.  Parson Brown silently thanked him.  Seth looked up at the now defunct lamp shade and drew a circle in the air.  He popped his fingers in the direction of the shade and a new light bulb appeared within it.  He flicked his fingers and the room burst into brightness.
Devon looked starry-eyed with incredulity.  ‘That’s so cool,’ she said.
Seth shrugged.  His attention went to Itzy, who now looked miserable.
‘I’ll never be able to do what you do,’ Itzy told him.  ‘I’m like the worst comic book character you’ve ever seen.’
Seth smiled at her and shook his head gently.  ‘No, you’re not.  If anything, it’s my fault.  I’m going about this all the wrong way.’  He ran his fingers through his hair, considering something.  ‘Alright, new plan,’ he declared.
He stepped forward so he was face to face with Itzy once more.  He placed a hand on each of her shoulders and leaned forward so their foreheads touched, sending an involuntary shiver down her spine, which she desperately hoped he hadn’t noticed.
‘What are you doing?’ she whispered.
‘Shh,’ he said softly.  ‘The trouble with you is you only seem to be able to summon your power when you’re angry.’
‘I thought my trouble was I didn’t know how to control my anger.’
‘There are a lot of things about you that are trouble.’
It was hard to tell if he was joking.
‘I’ve been thinking about you all day,’ he said, startling her even more.  ‘I think you freed Parson Brown this morning because you were annoyed with me for not helping.’
She didn’t disagree.
‘But we can’t go making you angry every time we want you to use your power.  That would be cruel - and, as we’ve learned, dangerous.  You need to learn how to summon that energy from good feelings, too.’
‘I - I don’t have many good feelings,’ she said so quietly, she thought he hadn’t heard her.
He had.
‘Then we need to work on that too,’ he said.
Seth was disarmingly un-self-conscious.  Despite Devon’s presence, he slid his hands down to Itzy’s arms and she felt her body loosen.  It reminded her of the cool-down sessions at the end of the yoga classes she and Devon once attended.
She felt heat emanate from Seth’s forehead and flow into her own.  It made her think of something she’d read about once, called reiki.  Supposedly, you could learn how to heal people by holding your hands just above their bodies and directing your energy at them.  She could feel Seth’s energy now.  It was intense, the way she felt when she was in one of her rages.  Except she felt anything but angry.  It was incredible to think that same energy could be found alongside such a feeling of peace.
Peace.  Had she really just thought that?
Yes, she had.  She felt a richer sense of peace than she’d ever known in her life.  His body heat washed over her and filled her muscles, her organs, her blood with stillness.  Her mind went blank, and it was beautiful.
‘What are you doing to me?’ she said under her breath, forgetting they had an audience, forgetting where they were, and almost forgetting who she was.
‘Shh,’ he said again.  She could feel the air pushing away from his lips.  ‘Now try to see the words.’
The words?  Oh, yes.  The words.  The letters swam up into her vision.  They weren’t dancing or spinning the way they did when she was angry.  They just sort of hung there, waiting for her to do something with them.  Because for once in her life, she had tamed them.
Itzy felt a tremendous sense of control in her head.  She wasn’t outside her body this time; she was part of the black in her head, and it was part of her.  She was there to guide it, rather than let it run amok like an unruly toddler in the throes of a fit.
She could see the phantom hands of her mind arranging the letters into words, the words into a sentence.  When it was finished, she added the full stop.  All at once, the sentence glowed brightly, like a halogen light being switched on at night time.  It burned itself into her mind’s eye, scaring her with its resolution: it would be real.
Seth kissed her.  His lips brushed hers, sending another shiver down her back.  Then she felt his hands leave her arms, his head leap from hers, and she heard him step backward.
Her eyes fluttered open, the room not quite looking real yet.  Seth wore that same expression she had seen on him the night before, after she’d gone into her trance.  All his usual arrogance had drained from his face and been replaced with something akin to awe.  But this time, she thought there was maybe a little fear mixed in with it too.  All he needed was a cross and she could have been the vampire he was warding off.
‘What happened?’ Devon broke in breathlessly.
Itzy couldn’t take her eyes off Seth, who had stepped away from her again.  ‘I - I don’t know.’
‘Well,’ said Devon, ‘did it work?  I didn’t see you write anything.’
No, she hadn’t.  It was just like Seth when he drew in the air. The writing had been in Itzy’s mind.  All those times her head had been ravaged with migraine, the letters swimming and sinking in her vision, they had been waiting for her to do something with them.  It had happened that morning too, with the bear.  But this time she had been in conscious control of it.
‘Seth,’ she said.
He shook himself like he’d just caught a chill, and resumed that more familiar look of condescension.  ‘Well done,’ he congratulated her.  ‘Though if you’d wanted to kiss me, you could’ve just asked.  I hate to see a girl drive herself mad with longing.’  He winked at her, destroying the perfection of the previous moment.
Itzy glowered at him.  
‘Anyway,’ he said, ‘Oz will want to see this.’
Devon asked, ‘Why?’
Seth looked like he’d just remembered something.  ‘Oh, didn’t I tell you?  He’s the one who trained me.’
ELEVEN
Oz wasn’t home when the trio arrived.  The girls settled themselves on bar stools at the countertop that ran along the length of the kitchen wall, while Seth moved his hands in a flurry through the air.
‘Catch,’ he said, and a great wooden bowl of salad fell out of the air and into Itzy’s hands.  She almost missed, and he smirked at her.
When dinner was laid out on the dining table, they sat around it, Seth on one side and the girls opposite.  Through the windows, they heard the soft pattering of rain.  It seemed the sun had gone in after its brief run over the last few days.
Some time later, the front door opened and a telltale head of black hair shook itself dry, splashing rainwater all over the walls.  Oz removed the leather jacket he was wearing and slung it over his arm, following the sound of voices.  When he saw them, he stared.
‘Welcome home,’ Seth said, mischief playing in his cloudy eyes.
‘Why is she still here?’ Oz asked.
Seth grinned.  ‘She’s not still here.  She went home and now she’s back.  Besides, she’s my pet.  You said I could keep her, as long as I remembered to feed her.  So here.  I’m feeding her.’
‘I see,’ Oz said through gritted teeth.  He threw his jacket over the spare chair and sat down at the table with them, next to his housemate.  ‘What is this stuff?’
‘Burritos,’ Seth told him.  ‘In honour of Itzy.’  When Oz looked like he didn’t understand, Seth explained, ‘They’re Mexican.  Like Itzy’s name.’
Oz rolled his eyes.  ‘I seriously doubt the ancient Mayans ate burritos.’  He served himself one and took a bite, chewing it thoughtfully.  ‘Not bad,’ he mused.  He gave Devon a cursory glance over the top of the burrito in his hand.  ‘Sorry, I’ve forgotten your name.’
‘I never told it to you.’
‘Oh yeah,’ he said, remembering.  ‘Itzy was too busy telling me off for eating, instead of throwing myself on the floor in hysterics.’
Devon gave him a stern look and made as if to say something smart in return, but decided it wouldn’t do any good; Oz would think what he wanted.  ‘Anyway,’ she moved on, ‘it’s Devon.’
Oz nodded but didn’t say anything, choosing instead to munch on his food.
‘Itzy has something to show you,’ Seth announced, impervious to the tension in the room.  He sounded like a proud parent ready to tack his child’s finger painting on the fridge door.
‘Oh?’ Oz said around a mouthful of burrito.
Itzy shifted shyly and looked down at her nearly empty plate.  She, Devon and Seth had already mostly finished their dinner.  ‘It’s nothing,’ she said.
‘How can you say that?’ said Seth.  He turned back to Oz.  ‘She made me kiss her.’
Oz choked on his food and dropped the burrito on his plate.  ‘Please don’t show me that.’
Seth sighed dramatically and gave him a whatever will we do with you? shake of the head.  ‘You don’t get it.’  He lowered his voice and said gravely, ‘She made me do it.’
Some underlying meaning to Seth’s words seemed to take control of Oz’s head, slowly lifting it.  ‘Oh,’ Oz said heavily.  And then again, ‘Oh.’
He glanced at his sister with what might have been fascination, except his eyes were empty.  Itzy felt like an animal who had forgotten how to run in the face of an oncoming car.  Or maybe a heavy goods vehicle.  Would he swerve?  Or would he gun the engine and run her down for fun?
‘That was fast,’ he finally said.
‘Unbelievably fast,’ Seth affirmed.  ‘I think now’s the time I say I told you so.’
Something appeared to be happening between the two boys that was beyond the girls’ awareness.  They were sharing something, the memory of a private conversation.  Itzy got the impression that perhaps what Oz and Seth had was like what she had with Devon.
‘I guess it is,’ Oz admitted.  Then he resumed eating, like they hadn’t just had that bizarre exchange.  ‘I take it Devon’s seen your little magic tricks,’ he spoke to his plate.
‘Psh.’  Seth waved one of his painter’s hands.  ‘She’s Itzy’s friend.  I don’t see what’s the big deal.’
It was the wrong thing to say.  Oz’s shot him a black look through his periphery, though his head didn’t move.  ‘You should do something about that memory problem.’
Seth closed his eyes and exhaled softly.  When he reopened his eyes, he said, ‘I haven’t forgotten.’
‘No, you just think you can’t be hurt.’
Seth gawked at him.  Frankly, so did the girls.  Oz shoved his plate aside and slunk back in his chair, making the legs creak.  ‘I’ve lost my appetite.’
Seth’s right hand whipped across the air and everything on the table disappeared.  Oz started, looking faintly disappointed that his dinner had vanished.  Seth looked at him knowingly.  ‘Don’t have a tantrum if you don’t want me to call your bluff.’
Oz jumped from his chair and huffed into the lounge to brood alone on the sofa.  The girls’ eyes followed him, and then turned back to Seth, who shrugged.
‘What was he on about?’ Itzy asked when he’d gone.  
Seth pinched his forehead with his thumb and forefinger and massaged the tanned skin.  ‘Oh, Oz has this idea someone’s spying on us.’
‘Why would he think that?’ Devon asked.
Seth removed his hand from his head and placed it on the table in front of him.  ‘He’s worried about that message Itzy’s father wrote.’
Itzy couldn’t help herself: she leaned in.  ‘Does he know what it means?’
Seth shook his head, his blond hair fluttering.  ‘But he’s been going through your dad’s old papers - we drove over and got them this morning - and I think it’s making him paranoid.’
Itzy felt like they should be whispering.  It seemed wrong to talk about someone when he was in the next room.  ‘How?’
‘Well,’ Seth said, his eyes on hers, ‘for one thing, he spent three hours online reading about 2012.’
Devon wrinkled her nose.  ‘You mean like that Mayan prophecy thing?’
‘Like father, like son,’ Itzy muttered.
Seth looked at her, interested.  ‘What do you mean?’
‘Oh.  Dad was always going on about that.  He went to Mexico when I was eight and he came back with all these pictures of the pyramids.  It was really boring, to be honest.  Who wants to look at someone else’s holiday photos?’
‘Why didn’t you go?’ Seth asked.
‘He wouldn’t let us come with him.  He never did.  Always insisted on going alone.’
Itzy remembered a time when her mother had dared to go somewhere on her own.  That hadn’t gone down well.  It seemed that rule only worked one way.  Sure, there had been beach holidays, and Disneyland, but those never meant anything to her father.  He always seemed distant, remote, like his mind was in another country only he could see.  Those trips had only been for show, to give the impression that they were a normal family.  Mexico had been different.
She noticed Seth was watching her.  Was that sympathy in his eyes?
‘I thought only nutters believed in that 2012 stuff,’ said Devon.
Seth smiled.  ‘Maybe.  But there’s more to it than you’d think.  A lot of…us…were waiting for 2012 a long time.  It was said there would be great change at the end of the year.’
‘The end of the world as we know it,’ Itzy spoke as if in a dream.
He nodded at her.  ‘Exactly.  But not for normal people.’
‘Normal?’ Devon repeated, clearly sensing he meant people like her.
‘You know.’  Seth shrugged in apology.  ‘Anyway, that end of the world stuff was only meant to affect the Descendants.’
‘Of the aliens,’ Devon filled in.  His head bowed in acknowledgment.  ‘But the world didn’t end.  2012 came and went and everything’s fine, right?’
Seth inclined his head in Itzy’s direction, waiting for her to jump in.
She turned to her friend and explained, ‘The world was never meant to end.  Like I said, it was just supposed to be the end of the world as we know it.  Everything was meant to change.’
‘But not all at once,’ Seth added.  ‘It wasn’t like, snap -’ he snapped his fingers ‘- and everything’s different.  It was just the end of that era, and the beginning of something new.’
‘So what happens in this new era?’ asked Itzy.
‘That’s just the thing.  No one knows.  The Mayans disappeared - or maybe they just went home,’ he mused, ‘and no one’s been able to interpret the old prophecies properly.  There are all sorts of theories, of course.  That World War Three would break out and we’d all die horrible radioactive deaths like something out of On the Beach.  That all the volcanoes around the globe would erupt and the Earth would be encased in ash, blocking out the sun and initiating the next ice age.  You name it, they’ve thought it.  There was even a theory that after 2012, the Descendants would start to think in unison.’
Devon blinked.  ‘You mean, like as one organism?’
Seth’s blue eyes lit up.  ‘Precisely.  You get a gold star.’
Itzy shuddered.  ‘That’s creepy.’
‘Why?’ he asked.
‘Because it’s like losing control and becoming one of those cybermen off Doctor Who.’
Seth grew ponderous.  ‘Hm.  I hadn’t looked at it that way.  Well, anyway.  I’m sure it’s all nonsense.  Whatever is happening, it’s probably more connected to our powers.’
Devon’s eyes widened with excitement and she clasped her hands together.  ‘Ooh, you mean like it’s heightening them somehow?’
‘Not exactly,’ said Seth.  ‘More like…it’s causing them.  Mine only started in 2012.  Same as Oz.’
‘But that doesn’t work,’ Devon told him.  ‘Because - ow!’  She turned to Itzy, who had kicked her under the table.  ‘What’d you do that for?’
‘Yeah, Itz,’ Seth said, grinning at her.  ‘What is it you don’t want me to know?’
‘Thanks a lot,’ Itzy growled at the girl who was supposed to be her best friend.  She turned to Seth, who was waiting for her patiently.  ‘It’s just…the first time I can remember writing one of my…stories….’  She swallowed.  ‘I was ten.’
Seth folded his arms on top of each other on the table and leaned forward, exhaling.  He smelled peppery.  It wasn’t unpleasant.  ‘Fascinating,’ he said.  ‘And might I enquire exactly what you wrote?’
Itzy felt trapped.  Seth had a way of looking at her that felt like iron shackles had been clamped down on her wrists, pinning her down.
‘Leave her alone,’ Oz’s voice startled them.
Seth eased back and was all smiles.  ‘The prodigal son returns.’
‘Shut up.  Itzy,’ Oz said, nodding to her.  ‘I have something to show you.’
Without a word, she got up and pushed her chair under the table.  Devon put out her hand and held her friend back, just for a moment.  There was a look in her eyes that said, Will you be okay on your own?  Itzy moved her head almost imperceptibly, to reassure her.  Devon gave her arm a squeeze before letting go and turning back to Seth, who had taken to drawing coloured balls out of the air and catapulting them around in perpetual motion.
Itzy followed Oz up the stairs, into his room.  Just like his sister, Oz seemed to despise blank space.  One of the pale blue walls had been covered in star charts with pins stuck in them, as if he were tracking something.  Another wall was half-covered with a bed, while the top half was filled with photographs of, and newspaper clippings about, crop circles.
The third wall framed a wide window.  Under that was a large table, instead of a desk.  It was heaped with thick books and the air was speckled with their dust.  Papers lay strewn all over the floor.  It was a disaster zone, but something about that was comforting, in an otherwise showroom-looking house.
‘Sorry about the mess,’ he threw over his shoulder as he closed the door.  ‘I didn’t know we’d have guests.’
Itzy pointed to the papers.  ‘What’s all this?’
He bent over and started gathering them up into a messy pile.  ‘Just some bits and bobs I’ve been working on.’  When Oz had picked everything up, he dumped it on the table, along with the musty old books.  ‘I was listening to you, downstairs, you know.’
He spun around and leaned back against the edge of the table, his ankles crossed over each other.  His black hair brushed his sandy forehead and made his dark eyes stand out boldly.
‘I thought so,’ said Itzy.  She remained standing; there was nowhere to sit down and he didn’t seem about to fix that.
‘You look so much like him,’ Oz commented.
She knew who he meant.  ‘So do you.’
‘Have you ever thought that was strange?  That you take after him so much, but not your mum?’
Itzy shrugged.  Except actually, Oz was right.  She’d always thought it was weird, and frustrating.  Stephen Loveguard wasn’t exactly the sort of person she wanted to emulate, however unintentionally.
‘It’s because we’re Descendants,’ he told her.  ‘It’s a dominant trait in the gene pool.’
‘Why didn’t he just find other alien spawn to marry?’ Itzy asked, unable to believe she was sort of being serious.
‘We’re hard to find,’ he said.  ‘Well.  We were hard to find.’
‘But now people are starting to have powers.’
Oz nodded.
‘Look,’ she began.  ‘There’s something I’ve always wondered.  And I don’t know if it’s the right time to bring it up, but….’
‘There you go, not finishing your sentences again,’ Oz said.  She was surprised to find he was smiling, like he was pleased with himself for managing to identify one of his sister’s idiosyncrasies.
‘Yeah, yeah.’  She rolled her eyes at him and flicked her long ponytail over her shoulder.
He rotated his shoulders once and said, ‘Sorry.  What did you want to know?’
Itzy frowned, now unsure if what she was about to say was such a good idea, after all.  ‘I don’t know how to say this delicately, so I’m just going to say it.’
‘Okay.’
She paused.  ‘Did our dad ever…hit you?’  The light in Oz’s eyes went out, making them look like black pools.  But Itzy caught something in them.  ‘He did, didn’t he?’
Oz didn’t answer.  He had a look on his face like he’d been struck by a murderous vision he wished he could block out, but couldn’t.
Then he snapped out of it.  ‘Something you have to understand is that those mood swings?  They’re all part of being a Descendent.’
Itzy’s brow went up.  ‘What do you mean?’
Oz eased away from the table and stood straight.  It made him look like a university professor.
Like our father.
He launched into his lesson.  ‘Think of it like…there are two lots of DNA that make you who you are: there’s the human DNA, and then there’s the alien DNA.  And sometimes, they don’t mix very well.  Your brain starts splitting.  It gets confused, frustrated.  You lose your mind.’
‘You down a whole bottle of pills and write crazy messages to mess with your kids’ heads,’ Itzy finished in a bland voice.
‘No,’ he said.  ‘I don’t think that message was meant to mess with our heads.  I think it was a very serious warning.  He was trying to help us.’
Something inside her shattered.  ‘How the hell was that helping us?  Do you have any idea what I went through, growing up?  Do you really?’ Itzy barked at him.  When he didn’t answer, she went on.  ‘Most little girls spend all their time playing with Barbies, or creepy Bratz dolls, or whatever.  They dress up and do each other’s hair and ogle boy band members in magazines at slumber parties.  And okay, yeah, sometimes that was me.  Sometimes,’ she repeated.  ‘But most of the time, do you know what I was doing?  Hiding.  Making up stories where things were better than they were in real life and wishing I could just run away.
‘Except I couldn’t.  And do you know why?  Because I was terrified if I left the house, I’d come home and my mum would be dead.  Dead.  Devon was the only friend I had for years because I was too scared to let anyone else in, after everything I’d been through.  I was so lonely.’
She was breathing heavily.  Now she’d got started, she couldn’t seem to stop herself.  ‘The worst part was I couldn’t hate him.  And not just because he was my dad, but because he wasn’t always like that.  Sometimes he was really nice.  I mean, really, really nice.  Then he’d get, I dunno, possessed, and he’d lose it over something stupid.  He’d be screaming, my mum would be screaming, finally I’d be screaming and begging them to stop.  He’d have her hair in his hand and be dragging her across the floor, ramming her head into the wall like he couldn’t hear me.
‘Then one day, he decided I was old enough to take some of the heat myself.  He threw me into a table.  I ripped my arm open on a loose screw.  I still have the scar.  See?’
Itzy twisted her arm around so Oz could see the white mark just by her elbow.
‘So I wrote a story.  It…it was about a man who was married, with a little girl.  But one day, they discovered the man already had a family, from years before.  He had abandoned them when his first child was just a baby, and the mother had hunted him down so she could bring all the secrets of his past to light.’
She glanced at Oz, to see his reaction, but his expression was unreadable.
She swallowed.  ‘I didn’t think it was any different to the stories I had been making up all my life - but it was.  I literally wrote him out of our lives, because I couldn’t stand to be around him anymore.  My own father.  Except when he was gone, I missed him.’  She shook her head.  ‘But not really.  Not all of him.  I missed the person he sometimes was, and what he could have been.  I missed all the things I had hoped for and knew were impossible.’
‘And now,’ Oz finally spoke, ‘you’re not really mourning his death, but…the death of your dreams.  If he’s gone for all time, there’s absolutely no way he can ever change.  You never thought he would, but now you have no choice but to accept it.  And it’s killing you.’
Itzy stared at him in disbelief, her eyes stinging with hot tears.  Her heart skipped a beat and she seemed to have forgotten how to breathe.  She wished there were somewhere in that messy room for her to fall.  
‘How did you know that?’ she whispered.
Oz sighed and stepped toward her.  ‘Because,’ he said, ‘it’s how I’ve been feeling, too.’
His words exploded like a bomb in her chest.  Her head filled with her oldest childhood memory.  She was hiding in her wardrobe with the doors shut, her hands pressed to her ears to block out the sound of the screaming downstairs.  And in her head, a prayer repeated itself over and over: I wish someone out there understood what I’m feeling.
And here he was, in the flesh, like a dream come true.  Someone had answered her prayer, after all.
Realisation struck her like lightning.  ‘You don’t resent me,’ she said.  ‘You’re just…worried I might be too much like him.’
He nodded.
‘Because you were scared of him.’
He nodded again.
Itzy’s mouth felt parched.  ‘What…what was it you wanted to show me?’
Oz blinked himself into remembering.  ‘Oh yeah.’
He turned back to the table and dug around the books and papers, searching for something.  Finally, he yanked out a notebook covered in a pattern of black and white splotches.  He handed it to her.
‘What’s this?’ she asked.  But as she ran her hand over the cover, she realised she recognised the book.
‘A journal,’ Oz said.  Then he added quietly, ‘It was our father’s.  Open it.’
She could feel him watching her, waiting for her to do it.  It was odd, but she was terrified of opening that book.  It felt like an invasion of Stephen Loveguard’s privacy, the first moment when she would be privy to his secret thoughts.  It made it even realer that he was dead, and she wasn’t sure she wanted to know what he’d been thinking.
Oz’s hands were on hers, making her open the book.  The action was too easy; it didn’t match the momentousness of what they were doing.  She threw her hand over the first page, hiding it, but her brother gently pried it off, revealing the blue ink strokes.
The writing didn’t make sense.  Instead of words, she saw dots, lines, numbers.
‘They’re coordinates,’ Oz explained.  
‘Of what?’
‘Stars.’
She looked up at him.  ‘Why was he charting stars?’
Oz put out his hand and flipped through some of the pages until there were sentences, scrawled out in that delicate cursive their father always used.  Itzy felt a stab in the heart at the sight of it.  How was it possible to miss someone who frightened you and you only ever half-knew anyway?
She read what it said:

Wednesday.  Finally, after all these years…contact.

Itzy lifted her head to meet her brother’s eyes.  ‘Contact?  With who?’
Oz inhaled.  ‘Just keep reading.’
She did.

After all these years?  What am I saying?  More like millennia.  They disappeared, left us behind with no guidance.  The Ancients took the Wisdom to their graves and left us in an era of dark ignorance.
But surely they knew what was coming!  They must have.  How could they not have seen the change we would all face?  How could they not have predicted what it would do to us?  Even I…I’ve felt its effects for many years.
Sometimes I wake up and I’ve forgotten who or what I am.  I can’t even remember my own name.  It’s like being drunk all the time.  Then, when it passes, I’m racked with guilt, but I can’t think what I’ve done.  All I know is people - everyone I love most - are looking at me with hatred, and I know something terrible has happened.  Not just happened - I caused it.  I did it.  I’ve done terrible things.  To her.  To her mother.  To him.  To his mother.  To myself.
But I know I’m not the only one.  It’s happening to all of us.  One day, the Wisdom will be gone forever.  I can’t let that happen.

There was a break in the writing, and then Stephen had resumed further down the page:

I just read what I wrote and it made me laugh.  Here I am again, trying to justify my actions.  I wonder how I’ll be judged when it’s all over.

Itzy felt faint.  Her brother seemed to notice, because he placed a hand on her shoulder to steady her.  Then he turned the page so she could read more.

They answered.  After all our searching, I found them.  I called them and they answered.  I know it was them.  It had to be.  The pattern they left…it was just like the lines at Nazca.  That was no ordinary circle.  It was them.

Itzy slammed the book shut on her late father’s paranoid ramblings.  She’d read enough for one night, thank you.  There was just one thing.
‘What’s Nazca?’
 Oz looked at her like she’d just stepped in gum.  ‘He never told you about that?’
She shook her head, feeling ruffled.
‘It’s in Peru.’
‘Oh.  You mean those drawings on the ground that only make sense if you look at them from the sky?’
He smiled now.  ‘Exactly.’
‘And they happened again, somewhere?’
Oz turned back to the table and pulled out a sheet of paper.  It was a print-out of a search result on Google Images.  It was filled with repeated photographs of crude drawings of animals in a field in Wiltshire.
‘When did this happen?’ she asked as she took the paper and examined it.
‘Last month.’
It was uncanny.  Of course Itzy knew about the lines at Nazca.  Stephen had a poster of them in his study when she was nine.  She’d just forgotten what they were called.  There had been a large bird with its wings outspread asymmetrically; a monkey with its tail curled into a tight spiral; a spider with wiggly legs; and other mysterious geometric figures, all carved into the Peruvian soil thousands of years ago.  No one knew how they had been made, for you had to be flying to see the pictures.  Itzy dimly recalled the alien landing theories she had once discarded as absurd.
And these drawings in England were exact replicas of them, pressed into a field of leafy green maize like an enormous child had been playing with a box of stamps.  An inexplicable chill shot through her.
‘And he thought these were…a response…to what?’
Oz inhaled and exhaled deeply.  ‘I’m not sure how he was doing it, but before our father died…well, earlier in the journal he says he was sending messages into space.  He was trying to contact our ancestors.’
Itzy didn’t know why, but Oz didn’t sound like he was pleased about that.  ‘Is that bad?’
He looked grim.  ‘I don’t know.’  He dragged his fingers through his coal-coloured hair.  ‘See, no one knows why the Ancients left Earth in the end.  But there are legends.  Stories about how they grew disgusted with the alien-human hybrids.  They thought the gene pool was being diluted and they didn’t want it to continue.  They tried to kerb it, but failed, so in the end, they just left, and they took the Wisdom with them.’
Itzy’s head pounded from the onslaught of indigestible information.  ‘Wait, slow down, please.  What is this Wisdom, anyway?’
‘No -’
‘No one knows,’ she interrupted.  ‘Okay, I see the pattern.’  She noticed a long column of silver on the windowsill.  ‘Is that a telescope?’
Oz looked in the same direction.  ‘Yeah.  Our dad gave it to me for my -’
‘Ninth birthday,’ she filled in.
He raised one of his dark eyebrows at her.  ‘So you can’t finish your own sentences, but you can finish mine?  How did you know, anyway?’
‘Because he gave me the same thing for my ninth birthday,’ she told him.  ‘May I look at it?’
Oz had grown very pale.  It made him look almost ghoulish, under his black hair.  ‘Er…sure.’
Itzy stepped around the table, bumping her leg into one of its own and toppling a book down to the floor.  Oz hurried to pick it up, but didn’t remark upon it.  She reached the wall and ran her fingers along the spine of the telescope.  The metal felt cool and nostalgia rushed through her hands, up her arms, into her head.  A solitary tear fell from her right eye, without warning.
‘I used to stay up late every night just staring up at the stars,’ she said, her gaze glued to the instrument.  ‘I remember asking him if there was life on other planets.’
Oz drew up behind her.  ‘And he said, What a silly question.  Of course there is.’
She smiled to herself.  ‘Yes.  That’s exactly what he said.’
She swivelled the telescope on its base so it was pointing at the moon.  It was only 7pm and very bright outside.  The clouds had finished breaking and had left parts of the sky blue once more, so the moon was a white array of splotches and haze in the distance.  She leaned down so her eye could see through the telescope.
She expertly adjusted the focus, the zoom, until she could see the satellite clearly.  Its rabbit marks jumped out at her, just a hint of the craters that marred its rocky surface.  She remembered her father telling her you could never see the dark side of the moon, because its orbit was so tied with the Earth’s; the moon rotated along with the Earth, rather than spinning independently around it.  And she remembered thinking her father was a little like the moon; he, too, had a dark side lurking just around the corner.
And perhaps so did she.
She turned to see Oz was watching her.  It gave her a sudden sense of stage fright.  ‘Was Seth worried I was going to turn out just like him?  Is that why he came rushing over to train me?’
Oz nodded.  ‘Something like that.  You are my sister, after all.  It’s only natural to suppose we might be similar.’
His words were like threads of tinsel floating through the air.  She tried to catch them, hold them.  ‘Did you have those rages, too?’
He laughed bitterly.  ‘Why do you use the past tense?’
‘Then….’
‘They hit me all the time.  But I’ve learned to control them.’
‘But Seth said you trained him.  So who trained you?’
Oz’s eyes expanded and he grinned at her.  ‘I did.’
Itzy was knocked back with surprise.  ‘How?’
He shrugged.  ‘I’m not sure what finally did it.  But I got into meditation, that sort of thing.  The Buddhists have something called mindfulness.  It’s where you stop fighting the emotions and just accept them.  You stay with them, instead of against them.  Half the problem, and the reason the anger consumes us so much, is that we try so hard to make it stop because we think it’s bad.  But it’s really just another emotion, like happiness.  And we need it, or we wouldn’t protect ourselves, or even understand when we’re happy.  So I practised and practised until, one day, I realised it had started to feel easy.  I sort of….’
‘Owned the emotions,’ she concluded for him.
He smiled again.  ‘You sound like Seth.’
Itzy blushed in spite of herself.
‘But you have to understand,’ Oz said, ‘that process took me years.  It didn’t just happen overnight.  And Seth…well, it was easier with him, sure, because I already knew what to do.  But it still took a long time.  But you….’  He looked at her like she was some sort of rare bird he hoped wouldn’t fly away.  ‘Apparently you’ve already mastered it.  Overnight.’
There was a question lingering in his words, but Itzy wasn’t sure what it might be.
‘Um….’  Itzy fumbled for the right thing to say.  ‘Do you think it’s because of that 2012 thing?  Am I part of the change?’
He considered the idea.  ‘Maybe.’  He didn’t sound convinced.
‘So when are you going to show me what you can do?’ she changed the subject.
Oz laughed.  ‘Not now.  Really, I’m not trying to be mysterious.  It’s just…not something I can show you here.’
‘Here in your room, or…?’
‘Anywhere near houses.  Or people.’
Curiosity strangled her, but she could see Oz wasn’t going to tell her any more.
‘So when are we going to see those crop circles?’ Itzy asked.
His forehead leapt up into his hair.  ‘What are you talking about?’
‘Fine, crop animals.  Whatever.’  She stepped back around the table so she faced her brother.  ‘When are we going?’
‘Who said we were going there?’
Itzy crossed her arms and leaned back on one heel.  ‘Don’t be coy.  I know that’s what you’re planning, and I’m going with you.’
Oz sighed.  ‘I don’t suppose there’s anything I can do to make you change your mind?’
‘Hey, it’s not my fault,’ she said.  She released her arms and upturned her palms in a What can you do? gesture.  ‘You brought me up here and showed me that stuff.  What did you expect?’
His mouth was straight and glum.  Oz scratched his head.  ‘You’re right.  I had to know you’d figure it out.’
The door opened then, and Seth and Devon came into the room.  ‘Were you planning on leaving us forever?’ Seth questioned.  But his tone of voice said something else.  Something like, Just what have you been telling her?
‘What the hell,’ Oz declared.  ‘She’s coming with us.  And so is Devon, I guess.  Anyone else you’d like to bring?’  He shot an accusing look at his sister.
‘Sounds like you’re the one sending the invites,’ Itzy replied.
‘Wait,’ said Devon.  ‘Where am I going?’
Seth’s eyes flashed, the colour of the sky outside.  ‘Road trip!  Fantastic.  But,’ he pointed a finger at Oz, ‘we are not listening to your music.’
Oz looked appalled.  ‘What’s wrong with my music?’
‘Come on.  Classical?  No.’
Itzy studied her brother.  Classical music.  Just like their father.  He’d had a thing for Beethoven, who was also supposed to have been moody.  Maybe he was an alien, too.
‘Again,’ said Devon, ‘where are we going?’
‘Wiltshire,’ Itzy told her.
Devon whistled.  ‘Ooh boy, lucky me.’
TWELVE
That night, Oz dropped them home again in the Ferrari, but this time they made it all the way to Itzy’s house.  
‘It’s nice,’ Oz commented flatly as he looked at it.
She wondered what he was thinking.  Perhaps, So this is where he lived all those years when he didn’t live with me.  It couldn’t have been easy to see it.  She was starting to see what Oz meant about having his own constant mood swings.  This seemed to be Detached Oz.  At least it wasn’t Angry Oz.
‘Thank you for the ride,’ she said.  
He nodded to her as a you’re welcome, but said nothing.  She stepped out of the Ferrari and closed the door, watching as he turned the car around and drove back home.
When she was inside, she called her mother’s name, but got no reply.  The lights were out and the house felt desolate and abandoned.  Itzy flicked on a light switch and squinted in the illumination.  It was an energy-saver bulb, so the room looked yellow at first, gradually brightening as she moved through the house.  
She was halfway up the stairs when her phone rang.  She pulled it from her jeans pocket and read the name on the screen: Gwen.
She eagerly answered the call and dashed up the stairs to her room, shutting the door behind her and flopping on her bed.  
‘Gwen!’ she said.
‘Itzy,’ her aunt said, her voice evidence of a smile on the other end of the phone.  
It was still so strange to think Gwen was all the way across the world.  Itzy remembered when Gwen had lived in England.  Itzy had been just a little girl, then, and Gwen had come down to visit them every few months.  Each time she stayed with them, she would take Itzy out.  Gwen had introduced her to the joys of making sand castles on one of their long drives together up the eastern coast; she had taken Itzy on a boat to see seals lounging on the rainy beach; she had bought her books about dinosaurs and space, puzzles of ocean scenes, and taught her to make friendship bracelets with embroidery thread.  
Stephen and Myra’s divorce rocked Gwen almost as much as those directly involved, something Itzy had always wondered about.  It had changed Gwen.  She moved to London and swept in like Itzy’s second mother, to take care of her while everything fell apart around her, but her former light-heartedness had gone.  
Then one day, when Itzy was thirteen, Gwen had come by the house to say goodbye.  But she sent postcards and she never forgot Itzy’s birthday the way Stephen always had, despite witnessing the birth, or the way Myra had done ever since she’d been seduced by the charms of a man named Jack Daniels.
‘You alright?’ Itzy asked now.
‘I’m fine,’ Gwen told her.  ‘But more importantly, how are you?’
That was Gwen, always thinking of her, worrying about her, even from across the Atlantic.
Itzy wanted to tell her she was fine too - that she was doing better than she expected, because she had distractions, friends - that she had lived for seven years without her father, and she could make it through the rest of her life without him too.  But she was horrified to find that, instead, what came out was, ‘Why didn’t you tell me we’re Descendants?’
There was a sharp, audible intake of breath down the phone line as Gwen tried to think how to answer this.  Itzy waited.  She knew any hopes for a normal conversation were gone.  
‘I’m glad to hear you’ve been spending time with your brother,’ Gwen finally remarked.  She sounded like she meant it.  Then she sighed.  ‘Oh, Itz, I always thought you should know.  It was your father who wouldn’t hear of it.  I think he was afraid your mother might take you from him if she found out he was filling your head with that sort of thing.’
‘Because she’d think he was mad?’ Itzy guessed.  
She leaned on her side, sandwiching the phone between the bed and her head, so she didn’t have to hold it.  She reached behind her head and yanked the band out of her hair, letting it spill thickly over her back.
‘Is that what you thought when Oz told you?’ Gwen asked.  
‘Yes.’
‘And now?’
It was a loaded question, because now, Itzy didn’t know what to think.  Her head swirled with thoughts that conflicted with every idea she’d ever had about life, the universe, everything.
‘I trust Oz,’ she said at last.
‘That’s good,’ said Gwen.  ‘He’s always been a good kid.  He reminds me of my brother - when my brother was in one of his better moments.’
Itzy felt tears swell in the backs of her eyes.  Gwen seemed to be the only one she could cry around, and now she felt perhaps she needed that.  She was carrying too much.  She was only seventeen.  She shouldn’t have had to deal with such weight.
I killed him, Itzy wanted to shout.  I wrote a story and it came true!  She wanted Gwen to tell her how horrible she was, that she was a deplorable creature with no right to happiness, after what she’d done.  She wanted to be punished.  
But instead, she said, ‘I wish you were here.’
Gwen let out a long, deep breath.  ‘Me too.’  
‘I miss him,’ Itzy told her.  ‘Or…I miss part of him, anyway.’
Gwen sighed again.  ‘I do too, Itzy.  Whatever else he was, Stephen was my brother, and I can’t help that I loved him.’
Itzy closed her eyes, imagining Gwen was in the room with her, instead of sitting in some foreign house in Toronto.  ‘What do you think his note meant?’ Itzy asked that figment of her aunt.
‘I don’t know,’ Gwen said, her voice weary.  ‘Your father was always more interested in these things than I was.  Our parents - your grandparents - were both Descendants.  They had a tempestuous marriage, to say the least.  In the end…well, this is another thing we’ve never told you before, but your grandfather took his own life, too.’
Itzy gasped sharply, but Gwen carried on speaking.  ‘I always knew about our past.  It didn’t strike me as outlandish until I was a teenager, because I was just so used to the stories.  I mean, I wasn’t about to rush out and tell everyone, of course, but in my own way I always believed.’
‘But why?’ asked Itzy.  ‘It was only stories, right?  They couldn’t show you anything to prove it, could they?  What if they were all just part of some deranged cult?’
Gwen laughed.  ‘I suppose that’s a possibility.  But some things…you just have to reach into your soul and feel the truth in them.’
‘Like faith,’ Itzy decided.
‘More than faith,’ Gwen corrected.  ‘You feel it, too, don’t you?  You want to laugh it off, but it speaks to something core inside you and you’re scared to admit you believe.’
Itzy squeezed the emotion out of her eyes.  ‘You’ve always known me too well,’ she said.  ‘So you don’t know what he meant,’ she returned to her earlier question.
‘No,’ Gwen said.  ‘I’m sorry.  I really wish I did.’  She fell silent.  The space between them filled with unanswered questions.    
Itzy’s emotions broke out of her in a torrent, deafening her aunt on the other end of the phone.  But she didn’t hang up.  Gwen simply sat on the line as her phone bill rose, and listened to her niece’s outpouring, until the waters ran dry and Itzy lay messily on her bed, with no accurate sense of time.
‘I’m sorry,’ she said, her voice nasal from congestion.
‘Don’t be,’ Gwen said softly.  ‘You have every right to be upset.  And I know you, Itzy - please don’t hold it all inside and pretend everything’s fine, while you secretly fall apart.  Remember there’s strength in being able to admit when you can’t cope on your own.’
Itzy sniffed in response.
‘I should let you go,’ Gwen said.
‘Okay,’ said Itzy, her eyes still shut.  ‘I love you.’ In her mind’s eye, she could see her aunt smiling at her.
‘I love you too,’ Gwen said in her ear, but in Itzy’s head she came forward to hug her.  The illusion was shattered when the image moved through her, missing the embrace.
‘You know you can ring me whenever you want,’ Gwen reminded her.
Itzy nodded, her eyes still closed.  ‘I know.  Thanks.’ 
* * *
When the call ended, Itzy dropped the phone to the floor and lay in the dark.  She felt herself slip away, drifting out of her body and into the ether.
Then there was the shadowy figure again, floating forward, his black arms extended and his grey eyes dazzling her.  Again, she felt herself drawn to it - to him, whoever he was.  He reached for her, waiting for her to take his hand and step into his world.
‘They’re coming for us,’ he said.
Her eyes flew open.
She was alone, but she couldn’t shake the sensation that someone was watching her.
THIRTEEN
Seth, as it turned out, had a penchant for classic rock.  He insisted on cranking up the car stereo to ear-shattering volumes and singing along at the top of his very out-of-tune voice with bands like Pink Floyd and The Eagles.
‘You can check out any time you want, but - you can never leave!’ he wailed.
The windows were all the way down and the wind whipped through his dusty hair.  His elbow was propped up on the window frame, his fingers dancing in the air.  Sparks flew from the space he struck.  Itzy couldn’t help thinking the lyrics to Hotel California were especially sinister that morning.
‘Hey, you’re really good,’ Devon called to him from the backseat.
Seth twisted around so he could see her.  ‘Yeah?’
‘Oh yeah.  You should try out for X-Factor.’
He laughed and continued his performance.
It took them over four hours to drive from Ealing to Wiltshire, and most of that was down to London traffic.  They received a range of stares from other drivers sharing their traffic jams, some amused by Seth’s ‘singing’, others looking like they might open their doors and do something about it.
‘So where is it?’ Itzy asked as the car crawled down a barren country road surrounded on all sides by fields.
‘You know what the trouble is with crop circles punched out of maize fields?’ Seth threw over his shoulder.  The girls shook their heads in the rear-view mirror.  ‘You can’t see them.’
‘What do you mean?’ asked Devon.
‘He means,’ said Oz, ‘that corn is tall.  So if you want to see the patterns, you have to get higher than the field.  Then you work out where to go, when you’re back at ground level.’
Itzy’s eyes ran over the landscape, stopping on a hill.  ‘You mean we’re climbing that?’
‘Exactly,’ Oz said.
He drove the car into the countryside equivalent of a car park, where a handful of other day-trippers had left their vehicles to go rambling.  The Ferrari stood out like a black eye next to the family-sized Citroens and Toyotas.
The four of them stepped out and stretched their legs after the cramped journey under the low roof of the car.  It had certainly been fun to drive, but it was not made for long road trips.
Seth inhaled and took in the smell of manure.  ‘Fresh country air,’ he joked in a poor imitation of a Somerset accent, and they began walking.
The hill was taller than it looked.  It took them a half-hour to reach the top.  Up there, the wind tossed the girls’ hair around, slapping it in their faces and getting it caught in their mouths.  Devon pulled a bright red band off her wrist and yanked her hair into a hasty ponytail, while Itzy just had to suffer through it.  She put her hands to her face, holding back the hair, and looked out over the fields.
She’d not thought to bring a jacket or a jumper, because on the ground the air was hot with the beginnings of August.  On the hill, she regretted that omission.  A chill rushed over her bare arms, extending from her t-shirt, navy blue with a print of the staircase scene from Labyrinth.
They weren’t the only ones on the hill; it was covered in visitors with cameras, but they weren’t there for the crop pattern.  As it turned out, it was more than a hill they were standing on.  In fact, it was the remains of an old castle that had been destroyed long ago.  And down one side of it, there lay an enormous chalk etching of a horse.
‘Crop circles tend to be made at historical sites of interest,’ Oz told them when they saw it.  When Itzy and Devon both arched their eyebrows at him, he shrugged and explained, ‘I did a little reading before we came here.  I wanted to be prepared.’
Seth clapped his hands together and said, ‘Let’s get looking, yeah?’
The foursome spread out over the hill and stared across the landscape.  At first, Itzy didn’t see anything of interest, just enormous patches of green, green and more green.  But it was remarkable just how many different shades of green there were, if she thought about it.
All of it was cornfields.  Off in the distance were other crops, wheat and rapeseed, but those had already been harvested.  They were lucky the patterns they were after had been done in maize, as it was the only crop left standing so late in the year.
‘I see it!’ Seth announced, startling a family nearby who seemed oblivious to the fact that there might be a crop circle nearby.
His companions rushed over to where he stood and looked in the direction he was pointing.  There, in a swath of corn, was a series of curved lines, sketching the shape of a bird - and in the distance, other familiar shapes.  Itzy gasped: it really was just like the ancient lines in Peru.
‘Well, what are we waiting for?’ said Devon, excitement colouring her voice.
‘Think you can find it when we’re on the ground?’ Seth asked Oz.
‘They don’t call me the Human SatNav for nothing,’ he answered.
‘No one calls you that,’ said Seth.
They scrambled back down the hill, their feet sliding on wet grass and momentum pulling them toward the bottom.  On the ground, Oz took the lead.
Devon caught her foot in something black and grimaced.  ‘Yuck.  Sheep droppings.’
‘Shouldn’t we, like, ask permission or something?’ asked Itzy.
Seth didn’t turn around, but said, ‘From who?’
She shrugged.  ‘Dunno.  A farmer?  It’s not our field, you know?’
‘But which farmer?’ he pressed.
She threw her hands in the air.  ‘I don’t know!  Just someone!’
‘Temper temper,’ she heard him say.
They hit the edge of the maize and stood around an opening where the seven-foot cornstalks had bent in parting as if to allow them through.  Devon ducked her head under a leafy extension and disappeared into the crop, Oz right behind her.
Seth swept his arm and bowed in a cavalier manner.  He winked at Itzy and said, ‘After you.’  
She breezed past him and stepped through the maize archway.  Once inside, the pathway narrowed and cornstalks stroked her face.  They were so much taller than she was; it felt like she was being swallowed by them.  She could even imagine they were alien beings, their leaves their limbs, caressing her and luring her into a trap.  She was hit by the overwhelming presence of claustrophobia and her heart rate quickened.
Hands fell on her shoulders and she shrieked.
‘Easy,’ Seth dropped into her left ear.  ‘It’s just me.  You looked tense.’
She wished she could whirl around to see him, so he wasn’t just a disembodied voice, but she was finding it hard to move.
‘I don’t like close spaces,’ she told him.
‘No, I wouldn’t expect you would.’
They fell into comfortable speechlessness, just listening to corn as they rubbed past it.  Then Itzy said, ‘About yesterday.  When you…I mean when I….’
Seth laughed.  The sound was dense, with no space to echo.  ‘Hey, no worries.  I know you were only messing with me.’
‘You do?’
‘Sure.  It didn’t mean anything to me either, so just forget about it.’  He paused.  ‘That’s what you were going to say, isn’t it?’
Itzy swallowed.  ‘Yeah.  You took the words right out of my mouth.’
Then she heard Devon say, ‘Whoa,’ and the corn started to give way.  Suddenly, Itzy and Seth stumbled into a clearing.
It was strange.  From the hilltop, the patterns had looked so much bigger, but snaking their way along the pathways, it didn’t take long to traverse the entirety of the bird design.  And yet, the paths themselves were so much wider than she would have guessed, too, so there was room for them to move two at a time.
The sky above was clear and beautiful, the air free of toxins.  The fresh oxygen made Itzy dizzy, but in a good way.  She gulped it down in long, slow breaths, savouring it.  It filled her with a sense of peace she’d only ever felt once before.  She was awe-struck that those two occasions should have come just two days in a row.  After so many years of feeling like a tropical storm waiting to happen, now she had been blessed with sunshine twice in as many days.
Perhaps it wasn’t natural, though.  Perhaps there was something about that place, some energy rising from beneath the ground, because she could see that same calm on her companions’ faces.
Oz brought something from the pocket of the leather jacket he was wearing.  There, it was warmer than it had been on the hill, but all the plants growing up around them meant there was still a breeze that sent an occasional chill through the bones.
‘What’s that?’ asked Devon, her thumbs looped through the waistband of her jeans.
In Oz’s hand was a small square of metal and plastic that looked vaguely like a tablet computer.  ‘It’s something I found in my dad’s things.’  He noticed Itzy and amended, ‘Our dad’s things.’
Itzy approached to get a closer look.  ‘What’s it do?’
‘Well, I’m not sure, but I think it’s a little like an electronic dowsing rod.’
Itzy’s brow crinkled.  ‘A what?’
‘Dowsing rods are meant to pick up the energy emitted by ley lines,’ Oz explained.
‘Oh, hey!’ Devon surprised them.  ‘I’ve seen that.  Yeah, yeah, it was that Derek guy.’  She snapped her fingers, trying to remember.  ‘You know who I mean…he did that ghost show from when we were kids….’
‘Most Haunted?’ Itzy guessed.
‘Yeah!  Him!’
Oz looked at his sister’s friend as if she were the alien, rather than he.  ‘Are you comparing me to Derek Acora?’
Devon giggled.  ‘You actually know his name, that’s brilliant.’
Oz shot her a dark look and then went on.  ‘Anyway.  This is a little more sophisticated than the traditional dowsing rod.  It picks up electromagnetic energy and measures it.  I think.’
‘You think,’ Seth echoed.
‘Well, I’ve never tried it out before.  I only just found it the other day,’ Oz defended himself.  ‘But I thought it might come in handy.’  He shrugged.  ‘You never know.’
He pressed a button and the device lit up.  The screen filled with what looked like a graphic equaliser.  Then it started clicking.
‘Spooky,’ Devon said, her attention held by the device.
Seth tilted his head in contemplation.  ‘It’s like a Geiger counter.’
‘Are you saying it’s radioactive out here?’ Itzy asked in alarm.
Seth looked anything but bothered.  ‘Nah.  Just that it reminds me of that.’ 
‘It’s strange,’ Oz spoke more to himself than to the others, ‘the way it gets louder and faster - if I do this.’  He held out the device in the direction of the cornstalks bordering their bit of pathway.  ‘I wonder what happens if I -’
His words were lost in the crop, as he left the path and was enveloped by leaves.  
Itzy looked at the ground.  On the pathway, the cornstalks had all been pushed down.  They hadn’t been snapped the way one would expect.  That was the mystery of crop circles.  She’d seen it on a documentary, once, at Ash’s house.  He had a love of laughing at the Paranormal Channel.  The documentary had said experts could tell the difference between the explainable and the very much inexplicable.
The explainable circles (so-called, whether they were circular or not) were ones where the crop had been broken.  The inexplicable were ones where they seemed to have been pressed carefully down without damaging the stalks.  There was a very loose theory that they were pulled down by steam emanating from ley lines below the ground, but that didn’t explain the perfect geometry of the designs.
Once, the British military had observed a series of fields in the West Country, to see if they could catch a crop circle being made.  People reported seeing red lights flashing in the sky, and then the patterns had appeared in a matter of seconds.
Perhaps most mysteriously of all, crop circles weren’t a modern phenomenon.  The first recorded circle was centuries ago, in 1678 in Hertfordshire, England.  It looked like someone had taken a lawnmower and run it through the field in a spiral that was smashed at the sides, making it long and narrow.  The people believed the devil had come in the night and mowed patterns into the fields.
Something flitted past in Itzy’s periphery.  It might have been a person.  Except that was ridiculous; they were the only ones there.  Crop circle exploration clearly wasn’t the tourist attraction she’d assumed it would be.
‘Seth,’ she said – 
then realised she was alone.
‘Seth!  Devon!’ she called out, her voice pregnant with panic.
‘In here!’ Devon returned.  It sounded like it was coming from inside the crop.
‘Why did you walk off without me?’ Itzy cried, aware she was sounded childish.
‘We thought you were right behind us,’ Devon’s voice came back.  ‘We found the spider.’
The spider?
Oh yes.  One of the other patterns, from Nazca.
‘I think I’ll just stay put until you come back,’ Itzy called out across the field.  She didn’t want to roam through the maize on her own; they would return for her.
It struck Itzy that if they remained there too long, it might get dark, and then they’d never find their way out.  After all, there were no street lamps.  They could be trapped in that field all night.  And as she’d told Seth, Itzy hated close spaces.  They brought to mind that memory of hiding in her wardrobe as a little girl.  The hiding wasn’t what had been so scary, but rather what lay just outside of the doors.
And the thought that it might come for her.
She noticed the sky had gone overcast very suddenly, in a way that didn’t feel natural, even for England.  A breeze iced through her, wrapping her hair around her face.  She spun around on her heel, grappling with her hair.  When she managed to peel it away from her eyes, she did a sharp intake of breath and staggered backward.
Standing before her was a boy who could have been eighteen.  He had soft brown hair grown just long enough to dust his long eyelashes.  He was dressed in grey track bottoms with a matching hoodie, the hood down over his back.  It was hard to tell how big he was, under the waves of fabric, but his face was strong and angular.
He might have been easy to ignore and forget, if not for two things:
One was the golden tint to his skin, so strange to see in a place like England, and almost gleaming in the sunlight.
The other was his piercing grey eyes.
Itzy felt her insides turn to water at the sight of them.  It was the boy from her dreams.  She knew it was crazy, but every instinct screamed it was true.  Could she have been dreaming about someone real, after all?  Had her dreams been prophetic?
His stare was watchful and penetrating.  It was like he was looking through Itzy’s corporeal structure and seeing into her soul, examining it, deciding what he thought about it.
She hadn’t heard him approach.  But she’d seen that on the documentary, too.  Apparently, people regularly appeared out of nowhere, when you visited crop circles, and they disappeared just as suddenly.  She’d thought it was ridiculous, at the time; they were in a maze (of maize), after all, so it was only logical that there would be some surprises.
Yet this apparition took the breath right out of her.
‘Wh-where’d you come from?’ she found her voice.
He shrugged.  ‘Same place you did, I expect.’
He’d spoken.  She now had a voice to put to the vision that had haunted her dreams for so many months.  His accent told her he wasn’t from around those parts.  What was it?  Northern Irish?  She decided it was nice - better than nice, in fact.
As if recalling something he’d been instructed to do but still had trouble remembering, the grey-eyed boy gave a little wave and said, ‘I’m Aidan.’
Aidan.
‘I’m…Itzy,’ she said.  The more sensible part of her brain was unsure if she should be giving her name to this stranger who had just startled her in the middle of a cornfield.
The impulsive part argued that he wasn’t a stranger, not really.  Whether he realised it or not, she knew him.  She had been waiting for him.
‘Would ye be here alone?’ he questioned.
‘No.  My friends…they’re somewhere,’ she said lamely.
Aidan nodded like maybe he didn’t believe her.  ‘Not a lot of pretty girls would be interested in crop circles,’ he said smoothly.
Itzy felt stupidly flattered.  The last person to call her pretty, other than her mother and Devon, had been Ash.  And before that, no one.  Not even her father.
‘I’m not,’ she said.  ‘Interested in crop circles, I mean.  Not really.  We just thought…you know, something different, something to do.’
She hated the way she was grappling for words.  But she couldn’t seem to help it.  It was the way he was staring at her, taking her in, appraising her with his eyes.  She wondered if he recognised her too.
Aidan let those eyes land on hers.  His gaze hit her like a brick to the chest and left her dizzy.  She hoped it didn’t show on her face.
‘I’m sorry if I scared ye,’ he said, his voice deep and throaty.  ‘It’s so quiet out here…and ye were so lost in thought, like.  I didn’t want to banjax the moment.’
Itzy got the impression that maybe he, too, was used to spending time on his own.  She remembered what he had looked like at the edge of the river, in her dream.  She found herself easily slotting the real Aidan into that picture.  He looked like he belonged there.  It was a beautiful image in her mind; she thought someone should paint it.
‘What kind of name would Itzy be, then?’ Aidan asked.  He stuffed his hands in the pockets of his hoodie, so his arms bent at right angles.
‘It’s Itzel, really.  It’s this Mayan thing,’ she said, sick of having to explain it.  It had been the bane of her entire school career, and it hadn’t improved much now that she was older.  
Aidan’s brow went up a fraction, like he’d heard something more than what she’d just said.  Then it smoothed back just as quickly.
‘Ya know, I always wanted to go there.  See the pyramids,’ he said carefully, studying her reaction.  ‘I’ve been to Egypt, but the Mexican ones are different, so they are.’
She felt an inward stab of jealousy.  ‘You went to Egypt?’
‘Aye, with my parents. I’ve always had a wee interest in mummies and mythology.’  He grinned at her.  It was a lovely smile.  It did something to his eyes, made them sparkle and look almost innocent.  
‘So,’ she said, aware that what she was about to say would come out sounding like a line, ‘what brings you here?’
Aidan laughed.  ‘I’m a crop circle enthusiast, ye might say.’
Itzy lifted a dark eyebrow.  ‘Really?’
‘Aye.’  He dug his hands deeper in his pockets.  ‘I’m part of a forum called the Crop Circle Connector.  Ya get all the announcements and photographs, like.  I’ve spent the summer driving round the countryside to visit them.’  As if reading her mind, he withdrew one of his hands and held it in the air, saying, ‘Now, before ye judge, I promise that isn’t as geeky as it sounds.’  She made a face like she found that hard to believe, and he laughed again.  ‘Okay, maybe it is.  So…would this be yer first time?’
‘Are we still talking about crop circles?’ she tried to joke away the blush creeping into her cheeks.
Aidan’s mouth puckered into a sly smirk.  ‘I can’t believe yer friends left ye here on yer own, like.’
‘They didn’t,’ Itzy argued.  ‘At least, they didn’t mean to.  I was sort of…in my own world, I guess, and didn’t see them go.’
He nodded like he understood.  ‘I spend most of my time in my own head, too, I do.’
The breeze chose that moment to return and she shivered.  Aidan stepped forward, removing his other hand from his pocket and tearing the hoodie over his head.  It pulled up his clothing, revealing his flat stomach.  It, too, was gold.
When the hoodie was off, she saw he had on a plain white t-shirt that showed off his sunny arms, which were lightly muscled like Seth’s.  He tossed the hoodie over her shoulders and tied the arms around her neck.  He was so close, she could feel his breath on her as he inhaled and exhaled easily.
‘Ta,’ she said, ‘but you didn’t have to do that.’ 
He shook his head at her as if he thought she was being silly.  ‘It would be no good having ye foundering.’  His hands lingered on her shoulders and his eyes bore into hers until all she could see was grey.  
Then she felt herself sinking.  He narrowed his eyes at her in curiosity: what was happening? 
She wished she knew.  The claustrophobia strangled her.  She slipped out of his grasp, down to the ground, on a bed of folded cornstalks.  She could see Aidan’s trainers.  They were a blinding white that filled her vision and left her feeling sick for no discernible reason.  Something tickled her forearms, where they protruded from the warmth of the grey hoodie.
She was vaguely aware of Aidan asking if she was alright, but she couldn’t speak.  The tickling sensation grew and she moved to swat away whatever bug was crawling on her arm.
Then she saw something that made her blood run cold.
It wasn’t a bug at all.  It was a leaf.  More precisely, one of the cornstalks bordering the pathway was leaning toward her.  But it wasn’t caused by wind.  In fact, the air had gone still.
She forced herself to look up, at the other cornstalks.  They were all leaning, and they were inching their way closer to her.  Black lines sparked in the air around them.
She kicked herself onto her feet.  Aidan, she noticed, didn’t look remotely surprised by what was happening.  Could he even see it?  Was it just her?  Was she losing her mind?
The maize closed in on her, leaves rubbing against her arms like a lover might.  Suddenly, she was yanked back to the ground.  A particularly feisty cornstalk coiled its way up her right leg and disabled her from running.
She screamed, but Aidan just stood above her, watching.  She might have been a science experiment he was studying.  He looked like he should have been holding a pad of paper and a pen, taking notes: ‘Subject appears to be in a state of terror - continue observations.’
When he spoke, his words were cryptic: ‘Can’t ye make it stop?’
Make it stop?  What was he talking about?  And why was he now looking at her so expectantly?
‘Help!’ she finally found the words.  She shrieked it over and over: ‘Someone help me, help me, HELP ME!’
Where were her friends?
She looked up at Aidan, who now looked angry.  More than angry.  But not at her.  He was shouting something that she couldn’t make out through the pounding of fear in her ears.  He dropped to the ground and reached out his hand for her.  She stretched out to grab it - 
and felt herself being tugged along the pathway.  She flipped herself over onto her stomach and dug her fingers into the earth, trying to stop herself, cursing her ugly short nails that couldn’t catch the soil.
She flew backward, down the path, screaming all the way.  She tried to keep her head up, catching glimpses of Aidan running after her, but she kept bouncing on the ground.  Pain stabbed through her scalp, burying itself in her skull.  She could feel the skin on her arms tear apart.
Just as she was about to lose all hope, she heard her name shouted through the corn.  It was Devon.  They’d heard her after all.  It was a relief to know they were coming for her.
Then again, it meant what was happening was real.
She felt the air leave her lungs.  She was choking.  It seemed to do something to the plants too, because the dragging finally ceased.
But it was so abrupt, her body snapped forward and her face crashed into the ground, making her nose bleed.  The terrorising plants didn’t let go of her.  She wondered what - or who - had stopped them moving, though.
As she lay still, trying to recover, trying to breathe, she realised the ground beneath her was trembling.  It felt like the earthquake simulator she once went on at the Natural History Museum in London.  Except the trembling grew stronger, and a deep growl accompanied it, followed by the cracking of cornstalks.  It sounded as if the earth were opening up, like an egg.  She lifted her head, afraid to see what might be about to hatch.
A fissure appeared before her, stretching as far down the path as she could see.  It was subtle, at first, and then it yawned wider.  Itzy rolled onto her side to avoid falling into the cavern making its way for her.  The plates under the ground lurched toward one another, colliding and pushing each other up into a peak.  It lifted the soil into the air, hurling her backwards into the waiting crop.
She screamed once more, but this time the cornstalks didn’t reach for her.  She stared at the ground, which had now taken on the shape of a volcano, its mouth rising toward the sky, which had turned a murky colour.  The growl morphed into an outright howl, like an animal in the throes of death.  Wind gushed all around her.
The snaking plants released her and she leapt forward, crawling up the side of the split earth, lifting herself over its edge so she could see what was happening.  What she witnessed cast all thoughts of pain out of her mind.
White fragments burst from the cavern.  They whirled together in the air, a miniature tornado of bones.  They assembled themselves together, one piece at a time.  She gasped as she watched them form a skeleton - a dinosaur skeleton.  It stood erect on bent hind legs, like a bird.  Its arms darted, the talons flashing.  It screeched, the horrible sound of a chicken losing its head, and lunged for Aidan.
Aidan dodged the skeleton and found himself lying on the top of the precipice.  His upper back leaned precariously over the cavern and the muscles in his arms flexed in response.  A noise erupted from the deep; whatever was in there sounded ravenous.
The skeleton came for him again and he slid sideways, scraping his arms on rock.  He jumped, landing on his hands and knees, on safe ground.  His head rotated sideways, watching the skeleton.  Blood dripped from the corner of his mouth, which was open and panting.  
He leapt to his feet and dusted his hands on his track bottoms.  His face was set in hard resolution.
Then he closed his eyes.  
All at once, Itzy felt herself suffocating again.  The air was too heavy, and there was too much of it.  It clogged her lungs and she worried they might burst from the pressure.  The veins in her arms turned red under her skin, like they’d been cut open, only the skin remained intact.  They thickened and pulsed, threatening to pop.
She struggled to focus on the scene in front of her.  Now there wasn’t one skeleton but a whole army of them.  They weren’t all dinosaurs.  One looked like it might have been a squirrel.  Another looked more like livestock, a sheep perhaps.  And there were others.  There were so many, it made her eyes hurt to behold them.  This wasn’t happening.  It couldn’t be happening.
The dinosaur slashed one of its talons across Aidan’s face.  Blood gushed from the stripes, but he hardly registered it.  He wiped his hand across his cheek, as if he were clearing it of rain.  His fingers came away scarlet.
‘Melody!’ he called.
The air softened and Itzy fell forward, coughing.  The maize field filled with the sound of soft music.  In a way, it was almost stranger than seeing the living skeletons, because she was outside, and yet she heard a guitar.  It was acoustic and jangly, gentle, soothing.
An organ struck, giving the impression of being in a cathedral.  Then there was a choir, their harmonised voices climbing out of silence and charging to the forefront of Itzy’s attention.  They hummed in her ears, drowning out all other thoughts and feelings, drowning out the entire scene.
The maize was gone.  The skeletons were gone.  Aidan was gone.  She was rising out of her body and floating in the ether as pure energy.  
What had caused this?
She swam through the atmosphere, catching glimpses of her friends just out of the corner of her eye, but not caring.  She was beyond them now.  She was beyond everything.
Then, cruelly, she fell back into her body and lay on the ground, dirty and torn apart.  She shook herself free of whatever power had just held her in its grip and she crawled through the cornstalks, pushing her way into the clearing, to see what had just happened.
Oz and Aidan appeared to be having a face-off.  They stared each other down like cats, neither of them moving a muscle.  Seth stood with Oz, and a girl and a younger boy were on either side of Aidan, hanging back but ready to jump in if necessary.  
A laugh filled the air.  It was Aidan.  He clapped his hands together in a slow rhythm, applauding what had just happened.
‘That was cracker,’ he said to Oz, who looked anything but pleased.  ‘I’m impressed, like.’
‘Why don’t you take your freaks and go?’ Oz suggested quietly, the prelude to a storm.
Above their heads, the dreary sky dissipated into its former blue, though threads of darkness still dashed the air.  The sound of birds slapped their ears.  Itzy hadn’t even realised it had been missing until it returned.
She got to her feet and dragged herself over to the others.  The crop pattern had been decimated, a large clearing of smashed cornstalk now crunching under her feet.  She spotted Devon pressed against the maize, her hair unravelling around her face.  Itzy moved into position next to Seth, who pounced on her with his gaze.
‘Are you alright?’ he demanded.
He looked stricken by what he saw.  Itzy was coated in red gashes up and down her arms and legs.  Her clothing was torn and an assortment of leaves, branches and dirt were tangled in her jet hair.
‘I - I don’t know,’ Itzy said.
She was worried she might start crying in front of all of them.  Because aside from the physical damage, she found she was shaking inside, and she thought she was probably in a state of shock.
She felt Aidan’s eyes on her and she dared to meet them.  Incredibly, he looked like he was the one who had just been brutally ravaged.  She saw her pain mirrored in his face, as if they were the same in some way.
But more than that, she recognised the expression coming over him.  It was pure, unadulterated hate.  She had seen it so many times on her father, and she had felt it so many times in herself.  
All at once, Aidan’s hand met the face of the boy beside him, knocking him to the ground.
‘What was that for?’ the boy yelped.
Aidan’s eyes flashed dreadfully.  ‘Who told ye to take it so far?’
The boy kept his mouth shut.  His hair covered his eyes, which made it hard to tell what he was thinking, but his face turned to the girl.  He might have been asking her for help, but she ignored him.  Her attention was fixed on Aidan as if he were some god dropped down from heaven and she were one of his disciples.
‘Aidan,’ the girl said.  She sounded shocked, like she wasn’t used to seeing him this way.  
The sound of his name seemed to jolt him back into the moment.  He looked around at his audience like he had gone somewhere in his head and only now remembered where his body was.  Itzy recognised it; it was just like when she fell out of one of her trances.  That was how she knew:
They were all Descendants too.
Aidan closed his eyes and breathed deeply, as if centring himself.  When his eyes reopened, his face moulded into apology.
‘It wasn’t supposed to get so out of hand, like,’ he told Oz.  ‘She,’ he indicated Itzy, ‘wasn’t meant to get hurt, she wasn’t.’  He said this so softly, she believed him.  
Besides, despite everything that had just happened, she knew him - like Sleeping Beauty, she had walked with him once upon a dream.  She had no idea what it meant, but she felt drawn under his spell, unable to doubt him.
But she sensed Seth and Oz weren’t as easily placated.
There was a noise to the side, and they turned to see the skeletons dissembling and dropping into the cavern, which was closing in on itself.  Itzy turned back to her friends and saw Oz’s eyes smouldering with concentration.  The ground sealed itself, the scar disappearing.  The cornstalks returned to their original standing positions, and there was no longer any sign that anything had happened, other than the clearing he had left for them to stand in.  
Devon rushed out of her hiding place and stood just behind Itzy, lacing her fingers through Itzy’s.
‘It was meant to be a test,’ Aidan explained.  ‘We heard yousuns talking about that wee Energy Sensor.’  He pointed at it.
Oz looked down at the tablet in his hand like he’d forgotten he was holding it.  ‘You know what this is?’ he asked the strange boy.
Aidan smiled like he was privy to some secret he wasn’t sure he should share.  ‘Of course I do.  Though I don’t think you really do.  Still…cracking moves.’
‘What does he mean?’ Itzy wanted to know.  ‘Oz, what’s he talking about?’
Oz ignored her.  ‘So you’ve had your fun, now go.’
Aidan looked at him with incredulity.  ‘Are ye geggin’?  After what just happened?  I’m not going anywhere.  We have something in common.’  He pointed from Oz’s chest to his own.
Seth’s brow went up.  ‘Hey, I know you,’ he said.  He wagged his finger in Aidan’s direction.  ‘Yeah, I saw you at the funeral.’
Devon and Itzy’s eyes widened.  ‘You were at my father’s funeral?’ Itzy asked.
Aidan cocked his head to the side and studied her with new - and troubled - interest.  He pursed his lips.  ‘You would be Stephen Loveguard’s daughter, wouldn’t you?’ he realised with surprise.  ‘And you,’ he turned to Oz, ‘are his son.  That explains a lot, it does.’  He looked up at the sky and laughed, before facing them again.  ‘I should have known.  Who else but Osiris could drag the dead out of the ground,’ he joked, his hazy eyes on Oz.
Itzy exhaled.  ‘You did that?’ she said to her brother.
Aidan’s eyes sparkled with amusement.  ‘He didn’t tell ye what he could do?’
‘Don’t answer his jibes,’ Oz ordered without looking at his sister.  His skin was bloodless as he stared at Aidan now.  Itzy wondered if it was because of the news that this strange boy had known their father.
Aidan sighed, his chiselled face drawn with regret.  ‘They wouldn’t be jibes.  Ach, but I can see yer not going to listen to anything I have to say - and I guess I can’t be blaming yous for that.’  He shot a hostile look in Verdi’s direction, out of the sides of his eyes.  ‘I wish things hadn’t happened like they did.  I’d rather we were friends, like.’
The way he said this reminded Itzy of everything she had ever thought of Oz.  But then, she wondered why it meant so much to him.  Who was he?
Oz crossed his arms over his chest.  ‘I think you’ll agree it’s too late for that,’ he said in a cold voice that was disturbingly calm.
Aidan looked frightfully sad, as if this wasn’t the response he’d been hoping for.  ‘A wojus shame,’ he noted with sincerity.  He spun on his heel and flicked his hands.  ‘Melody.  Verdi.  C’mere.’  
They began moving away, when Aidan twisted his head over his shoulder and caught Itzy staring after him.  Their eyes locked a long time.  Inexplicably, she felt the urge to run to him.  Her heart screamed at her not to let him go.  At all costs, she had to know this boy.  She just didn’t know why.
But before she could bring herself to move, he turned back around and his trio disappeared into the corn.
Seth let out the breath he’d been holding.  It came out as a whistle.  He leaned forward, his palms pressed to his thighs.  Beside him, Oz still stared in the direction Aidan had left.
‘What happened?’ Devon broke the silence.  Her words came out like a cry.  
‘I think,’ said Seth, righting himself, ‘we just got served.’
AIDAN
FOURTEEN
 ‘You didn’t have to hit me,’ Verdi complained when they were back in the Jag Aidan had borrowed from his father’s garage and forgotten to return.  
‘Is yer head cut?  What would ye have had me do, then?’ Aidan shot over his shoulder, to where Verdi sat in the backseat.  He never rode passenger side; that was reserved for Melody.
Verdi didn’t seem to catch Aidan’s meaning and he continued to grumble.  ‘What’s the big deal?  It was an honest mistake.  I thought she’d fight back.’
Melody rolled her eyes at her sixteen-year-old brother.  ‘You idiot, anyone could see she couldn’t do it.’
‘But -’  Verdi shut his mouth, catching Aidan’s hard expression in the rear-view mirror.  Then, quietly, he said, ‘We thought she would, right?’
‘Aye,’ Aidan acknowledged.  ‘But ye saw how scared she was.  She didn’t know what to do.’
‘Do you think she’s powerless?’ Melody wondered.  She turned her ponderous eyes on her boyfriend.
She was pretty, in a generic sort of way.  Her hair was bleached white with black streaks, though pale brown showed at the roots.  She regularly teased it, swept it over to the side and locked it down with half a can of extra-strength hairspray, giving the illusion that she had more hair than she did.  It fell well past her breasts, which was a good thing because she tended to wear minimalistic efforts at clothing that barely covered her.  And she had plenty to cover.
‘Not likely,’ Aidan said.  His hands clenched the steering wheel.  ‘Ya saw what her brother could do.’
‘So did she,’ Melody recalled.  ‘Maybe she doesn’t know her own strength, yet.’
‘Maybe.’
He didn’t look at her.  His eyes were on the road, which had started to look less countryside and more tarmac.  An abuse of billboard advertisements appeared and other cars rushed beside theirs, but couldn’t keep up.  Aidan had a penchant for speeding.  Not for the first time, Melody wondered how he’d not been caught.  
‘You were worried about her, weren’t you?’ Melody noticed.  ‘That’s why you lost it with Verdi.’
She knew this had to be true, because while Melody was prone to what they had come to think of as the splitting, falling into embarrassing fits of anger and tears when everyone least expected it, Aidan was more controlled.  He had worked hard to achieve a sense of inner peace, and when sometimes the world got to be too much for him, he removed himself from the situation and took off.
It drove Melody crazy, not knowing where he’d gone or when he would be back, but at least it meant he was always calm, always as steely as the colour of his eyes.  It took a lot to make Aidan lose his cool.
But he had lost it in the field.
When Aidan didn’t respond to Melody’s question, she placed one of her manicured hands on his shoulder.  ‘Hey, I’m not jealous.  It’s kind of sexy.’
He shrugged her off with irritable violence and she slumped in her seat, her lips in a pout.  She wished she could see into Aidan’s head and figure him out.  He was so difficult to read.  She remembered how much that used to excite her, when she’d first met him.  
Back then, he had lived with his adoptive parents in a white stone manor house up in Carrickfergus, overlooking the crashing waves of the Irish Sea.  He wore designer clothing and an attitude that suggested he was better than the clothes, the house, the rich parents.  Melody’s father ran his own company making something technological she’d never bothered to understand.  He took the family up north from London on a business trip and they spent an afternoon at Aidan’s house.
One afternoon was all it had taken.  Melody had found herself entangled with Aidan in a compromising situation in the greenhouse that sat imposingly at the end of the vast back garden, which looked more like a park.  Aidan had left her breathless and confused, her head swirling and her heart pounding with emotions she’d never experienced before.
After her family returned home, Melody had spent days, weeks waiting for Aidan to ring.  Just when she was about to give up hope, he did.  Just one phone call, to say he would be visiting London and wanted to see her.  They met in Regent’s Park.  That was when he told her he was adopted - that his parents didn’t know who he really was and what he was capable of.  
‘Show me what ye can do,’ he’d whispered.  And she had.  She had closed her eyes and let the music pour out of her.  She felt it flow from her heart, a gushing in her chest, heat tingling through her extremities.  This is how I’ll make him love me, she thought.
But when she opened her eyes, Aidan looked unstirred.  Except there was something different about his expression, something akin to being impressed.
‘That was beautiful,’ he told her.  It was the closest he’d ever come to saying she was beautiful, but she took it.
‘My brother has it, too,’ she spilled the family secrets.  ‘Our parents don’t know.  We haven’t told anyone.’
‘And what can he do?’ Aidan asked.
‘He controls the plants.’
Aidan nodded.  She waited for him to tell her he had a gift, too, but he said nothing.  Then she felt her throat constrict - not painfully, but enough to make her gasp and claw the air.  It released as suddenly as it came on - and then it rained.  No, it poured, buckets of water dropping on their heads.  Then the water froze - then it steamed - it sizzled away - and the air returned to normal.  But not Melody.  She sat in shock.
‘I,’ Aidan told her, ‘can change the chemical composition of things.’
She blinked.  ‘Things?’
‘Anything,’ he clarified.  ‘If I wanted, I could turn yer skin to water.  I could replace yer blood with gold, like, and let it solidify in yer veins.  I could fill the atmosphere with fire and burn the Earth away.  If ye were walking across a frozen pond, I could unfreeze it and let ye drop away to drown.  Or I could cure global warming.  If I wanted to,’ he added.
Melody touched her fingers to her throat, remembering the sensation of the air turning foul and killing her lungs.  She believed every word he said: he could absolutely do all those things.  If he wanted to.
‘But you don’t,’ she dared to say.
Aidan shrugged, but his face filled with a smile brilliant enough to outshine the sun.  There was something childish about it that made Melody cast all doubts out of her mind.  
‘It’s a good thing that kind of power isn’t in the hands of someone really dangerous,’ she had said at the time.  And when, a year later, Aidan had notified her that he would be coming down to London to live with her, she let him.  Because what could you say to someone who could strangle you just by blinking - if he wanted to.
But it was more than that, because Melody had decided she was in love with him.  She had already allowed herself to get carried away with ideas that they might get married one day.  The trouble was now that they had been living together for almost two months, the fantasy image of life she’d built up in her head for them to share had burst like a balloon.
She had no idea what Aidan really thought of her.  She knew facts and figures about him, but not a lot about how he felt about things.  Sometimes she wondered if Aidan felt as strongly about her as she did about him.  She doubted it.  There had been something there, when everything had been conducted at a distance.  But perhaps it didn’t work on a daily basis.
The other problem was Verdi, who was at that awkward teenage stage and had a tendency to blow up at their parents, storm out of the house and crash at Melody’s.  His XBOX had taken up permanent residence in her flat in Enfield.  She could tell Verdi got on Aidan’s nerves.  He lacked commonsense, and sometimes it got him into trouble.  That was what had happened in the cornfield.
Secretly, Melody felt a little sorry for her brother.  It was obvious he looked up to Aidan and was trying to impress him, but he never seemed to pull it off.
And he had gone too far with that girl today.
* * *
When they were back at the flat, Aidan got out of the Jag without saying anything and stalked into the building just as silently.  His hands were back in his pockets, the muscles in his arms showing under his short sleeves.
‘What happened to your hoodie?’ Melody asked when they were inside.  ‘Not that I’m complaining.’
She ran her hands up his arms and squeezed his biceps.  This time, he didn’t move her.  But he didn’t respond, either.
‘Oh,’ Aidan said, remembering something.  ‘I took it off, like, in the field.  I must have left it there.’
She could see he wasn’t telling her something, but she couldn’t work out what.
‘Wanna play Halo with me?’ Verdi called from the lounge.
Aidan grunted.  ‘I don’t,’ he barked in reply.
He put his hand to his cheek, which was marked with cuts, a gift from the dinosaur skeleton - a strange thing to think.  He closed his eyes and pressed his fingers to his ragged red skin and it slowly, magically, healed itself, so that when he was finished, the skin was golden and unscarred once more.  Then he looked down at Melody, who was six inches shorter than his six-foot-two.
‘I’m going for a wee lie down.’
‘I’ll go with you,’ she offered.  
But he returned the gesture with a hard look.  ‘No,’ he said.  ‘I really want to lie down.’
Melody tried to ignore the feeling of disappointment.  She smiled up at him and lifted herself on tiptoes so she could kiss him.  It was quick and dispassionate, but it was something.
Then she watched him head into their shared bedroom and shut the door, knowing it would not be a good idea to disturb him.
FIFTEEN
On the journey home, Seth insisted on sitting in the backseat with Itzy, so Devon sat up front with Oz.  Devon had gone quiet and spent most of the drive staring out the window.
‘So, what,’ Itzy said to her brother as he drove, ‘you can raise the dead?’  She rested her arm on the back of his seat.
‘Not exactly.’  He stretched his neck from side to side.  It made a light popping noise as the muscles released.  ‘It’s not zombies or anything.  And I don’t have control over what comes out.  I just…I can draw bodies out from the ground, whatever bodies happen to be there.  It’s sort of a surprise every time I do it.’
‘Is that why there was a sheep?’ she asked.  Now that it was all over and they were back in the safe normality of the car, it seemed funny.
‘Yeah.’  He grinned at her in the rear-view mirror.  ‘Weird things come up, sometimes.’
‘Have you ever raised a human?’
Oz’s face set in a grim expression.  ‘No.  Not yet.’
He let the unspoken and I hope I never do hang in the air between them.
Itzy leaned back in her own seat.  ‘So that’s why you couldn’t show me, at home.’
She felt Seth watching her.  His usual cockiness had left him in the field and his face had been a picture of concern ever since.  The first thing he had done after Aidan had gone was ‘draw’ away the scrapes and tears painted on her body.  Unfortunately, it was all appearance and he couldn’t erase the pain underneath.  At least she wouldn’t have to explain it to her mother when she got home, though.  If her mother was even awake.
‘Are you sure you’re okay?’ Seth asked her now.  
Itzy smiled at him, touched that he cared.  ‘I’m getting better.’ 
One of his long hands darted in her direction, like maybe he meant to touch her.  Then he withdrew it and lay it on his lap.  He noticed something grey on the seat between them.  ‘What’s that?’
She looked down at the article in surprise.  ‘Oh.  It’s Aidan’s.  I was…wearing it.  I guess I brought it with me, without thinking.’  She noticed it was torn in several places.  
Seth looked like he was trying to work out who Aidan was, before understanding settled uncomfortably over his face.  His eyes were indecipherable, and then he turned away.  Oz put on a CD of Bach preludes and Seth didn’t even comment.
When they reached more familiar neighbourhoods, Devon said, ‘You can drop me off here.’
Itzy looked out the window.  They were on Ashley’s road.
‘If you say so,’ Oz said, and he pulled the car over so she could get out.  
She hopped out without saying goodbye and slammed the door behind her, hurrying to her boyfriend’s front door.  Oz didn’t drive away yet.  He waited until he knew she was safely indoors.  
Itzy’s heart contracted at the sight of Ash opening the door and pulling a tearful Devon into his arms.  He held her to him, his hands smoothing down her hair.  His gaze floated over her head and found the black car.  Itzy ducked behind Seth, who looked at her quizzically.
‘Who is that?’ he asked.
She groaned and leaned into the seat.  ‘Please just drive,’ she begged.
Oz grunted and restarted the car, slowly leaving Ashley’s street.  ‘Where are we dropping you?’ he threw over his shoulder.
Itzy took a breath.  ‘Actually, I was sort of hoping…I could go to your house.’
‘Oh.’  Oz considered the idea.  ‘Okay.’  He drove on to his own road and parked the car three houses down from his.  It was dark by that time, past 11.30pm.  ‘Shouldn’t you ring your mum and let her know you’re okay?’ he said.
Itzy privately doubted her mother had even noticed she was gone, but she didn’t feel like getting into that now.
As they walked down the road to their front door, she pulled out her mobile and pushed a button.  She put the phone to her ear and listened to it ring, ring, ring, ring, ring. 
Voicemail,’ she said.  She waited for the beep and then left a message.  ‘Hi, Mum, it’s me.  I’m…staying with friends.’  She paused before adding, ‘Love you,’ and ended the call.  She looked up at her brother.  ‘Happy now?’
Oz shrugged like it was all the same to him.  He yawned, stretching his arms high above his head.  ‘I’m shattered,’ he declared.  ‘I’m going to bed.  You can stay on the sofa, if you want.  I’m sure Seth can get you whatever you need.’
They headed into the house.  Oz flicking the light switch and the building burst into their vision, making them squint.  Oz made good on his word and went straight up to his room, closing the door for the last time that night.
It wasn’t the scenario Itzy had imagined.  She had hoped maybe they would sit and talk, maybe laugh off the adrenalin of the afternoon.  She felt restless and knew she’d be unable to sleep.
Most of all, she didn’t want to be alone.  But Oz was gone, and now it was just her and Seth.  
Seth stood in the kitchen with his hands in his pockets, just watching her.  He seemed to sense something was expected of him, so he said, ‘Tea?’
‘Yes, please.  Black.’
He nodded, his face expressionless.  He pulled his hands from his pockets and set to filling a kettle with water and flicking the switch.  It seemed he wasn’t in the mood for magic.  He put his back to the kitchen counter and leaned on it, his hands clasped together in front of him.  Itzy stood in front of the sink, four feet across from him.  They locked eyes and fell silent.
When they heard the bubbling of the water, he whisked two mugs from the cupboard, pulled out a box of tea, dropped a bag in each mug and poured the water.  Steam billowed up from the ceramic mugs.  He opened a drawer and retrieved a spoon to stir the tea bags around in the boiling water, before handing Itzy her cup.
He exited the kitchen and she followed him into the lounge, where they sat on opposite ends of the sofa.  She realised she was carrying Aidan’s hoodie, and she dropped it on the floor.  She allowed herself to get comfortable, curling her legs up under her, while Seth kept both feet on the floor and leaned back, not meeting her eyes.
‘So,’ Itzy said.  Now what?  ‘Thank you for fixing me up, after…you know.’
Seth ran one of his fingers along the rim of his mug.  ‘You must know today wasn’t good,’ he said finally.  ‘What I mean to say is…it was very bad.  Very, very bad.’
‘You mean, apart from me getting dragged across the ground by man-eating cornstalks?’  She meant it to be funny, but she had a tough audience that night.
Seth nodded gravely.  ‘There are more of us out there - more than we know.’
‘Who can…do things?’ she presumed.
‘Yes.  And clearly, some of us aren’t interested in confining our powers to our own lives.’
‘You’re wondering what Aidan’s game is,’ Itzy guessed.
Seth slowly turned to face her.  ‘You realise if he’d really hurt you - I would’ve found a way to hurt him.’
Her heart thudded in her chest.  ‘You…you would?’
For a moment, neither of them said anything.  They held each other’s eyes too long, and Seth appeared to be turning over an idea in his mind.
Then the moment passed.
‘Who was that, who Devon went to see?’ he asked.
The change in subject was so abrupt that, at first, she didn’t know what he meant.
‘Oh, him,’ she said.  ‘That’s Ashley Morgan.  Ash.’
‘Her boyfriend?’  Itzy nodded.  ‘So why didn’t you want him to see you?’
Itzy tried for a laugh, but it fell flat in her ears.  ‘You know, just…stuff.’
‘Stuff,’ he repeated.  He put his tea down on the floor and sat back against the arm of the sofa, waiting for the story.
‘There’s history, okay?’  She tried to distract herself by drinking her tea, but it was too hot and it burnt her tongue, so she put her cup on the floor too.
‘What sort of history?’ Seth pressed.  ‘Did you date?’
‘Kind of.’
‘What’s that mean?’ he asked. 
‘Okay, we did.’
‘I see.’  He blinked.  ‘For how long?’
‘Not long.’
‘How long?’ he echoed himself.
‘…two years?’
Seth whistled through his teeth and shook his head.  A humourless smile played on his lips.  ‘You don’t think that’s a long time?’
She sighed.  ‘I just don’t like to remember, yeah?’
Something friendlier came over his face.  ‘What happened?’ he asked, his voice now gentle.
Itzy brushed a thick lock of hair out of her face with her hand and tucked it behind her ear.  ‘I ruined it, okay?  I just…I couldn’t control my anger and I kept hurting him.’
‘So he broke up with you.’
She played with a ring on her left hand, spinning it around her finger.  ‘No, actually…I was the one who ended it.’
‘But you didn’t want to,’ Seth guessed.
Itzy shrugged.  She could feel his stare on her.  ‘It was never going to work out, you know?  He was just so nice.  I was this emotional train wreck, throwing all my problems on him, and he just took it, right?  He was so bloody understanding.’
‘Don’t you just hate that?’ Seth said with grim irony.  He leaned his arm over the sofa and reclaimed his tea.  It had to have still been hot, but he threw his head back and drank it all down.  He set the cup back on the floor when he was done.  ‘But you’re still in love with him.’  He said it as a statement of fact.
Itzy shrugged helplessly, now meeting his eyes.  ‘I don’t know.  It doesn’t matter.  Because he’s with Devon now, and they’re really good together.’
‘But you had him first,’ Seth pointed out.
‘Are you trying to destroy my friendship with Devon?’
‘Ah.’  He scratched his chin absently.  He jumped to his feet and waved his hands through the air, producing a duvet and pillow.  When he saw the look of disappointment on his guest’s face, he grinned and drew something else.  Itzy glanced at her lap and found Parson Brown sitting there.
‘Are you going?’ she asked.
‘It’s getting late,’ he said.  But his eyes said something more.  She wished she knew what.
‘I….’  Her voice dropped so she was almost inaudible.  ‘I was sort of hoping you’d stay up with me.’
Seth’s eyes fluttered closed and then open again, and he smiled sadly.  ‘I wish I could,’ he said.  Then he admitted shyly, ‘I guess I’ve been wishing it almost since I first saw you.  And if I’m honest…I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you since you made me kiss you.’  
His confession made Itzy’s heart flutter in her chest and heat rushed all over her.  ‘But today, you told me it didn’t mean anything.’
Seth laughed silently and shook his head.  ‘I was trying to be cool.’
‘Why are you telling me now?’ she wondered.
He reached out and touched the skin on her forehead, as if he could still see the grazes he had healed for her.  ‘Because today scared me.’
Itzy put up her hand to grab his, to hold it.  He let her, but just for a moment, before gently pulling away from her.
‘No,’ he said.  ‘Not when you’re hiding from your ex-boyfriend.  But ask me again when you’re over him, yeah?’  He winked at her in a half-hearted effort at disguising his seriousness.
He leaned over and adjusted the duvet so it was tucked in around Itzy’s body.  For a brief moment, his chest was suspended over her face as she slid down the sofa and outstretched her legs.  His t-shirt hung loose and she could see the contours of his muscles underneath.  Then he was standing again, just looking at her.  
‘Goodnight, Itzel,’ he said.
This time, there was no irony when he used her name in full, but affection.  It spoke of a different kind of familiarity.  He bent down and dropped a kiss on her forehead before turning off the light and disappearing up the stairs.
Then it was just her, sleeping on a sofa in a house belonging to two people who had been strangers to her, not two weeks ago.  It was incredible how things turned out, sometimes.
Itzy retrieved her tea and tipped the cup sideways, sipping the last of it and rubbing stray dribbles off her chin with the back of her hand.  She dropped the cup back on the floor beside her and snuggled under the covers.  Parson Brown sat on her chest, staring at her with accusation.
‘What’s your problem?’ she asked the silent toy.
She felt frustrated and restless.  She was never going to be able to sleep.  She was too keyed up from the day’s events, and she couldn’t believe the others weren’t.  
She saw a flicker of light from one of the bookshelves that encircled her.  She squinted, allowing her eyes to adjust to the darkness of the room, and realised it was Eurydice.  She gazed lazily at Itzy from among the books, her body curled up into a ball and her long chestnut tail tucked under her chin.  The cat blinked once more before closing her eyes and falling back to sleep.
Itzy dug her hand into her pocket and retrieved her mobile.  There was one missed call: Ash.  What was he ringing about?  And what about Devon?  She hoped her friend was okay.  She hadn’t looked okay when they’d dropped her off.
Then she saw something that obliterated all other considerations.  It was an alert saying she had a Facebook message -
from Aidan Carnegie.
There was no mistaking who it was; she knew no other Aidan.  With a torturous mix of dread and excitement, she opened the message:
Glad to finally meet you.  Shame about the circumstances.  I think you have something of mine.  Wondered if you’d like to meet so you can give it back to me.  A.
Finally?
Was he serious?  Something told her he was.  Something told her he was always serious.  And now he seemed to be serious about her.
SIXTEEN
This time, she dreamt of Oz.  They stood in the graveyard outside the little church where the funeral had been held.  It was dark and they were the only ones there.  
Her brother’s face strained with hard concentration.  All at once, the ground before them cracked.  Soil crumbled and tumbled aside as bony fingers covered in rotting bits of old flesh reached out and pushed their way out.
‘Dad,’ Itzy breathed as she stared at the corpse.
The awful putrefying smell filled her lungs and threatened to make her sick.  Oz had grown as white as cotton.
‘They’re coming,’ the dead thing said, its empty eye sockets on Itzy.  ‘They’re coming for you.’
It looked up into the sky, which had grown so black and glinted with so many stars.  ‘Don’t let them get my children,’ it said.
Itzy and Oz’s heads turned up in the direction their father was looking and saw the sky bend, a deep impression freezing in the fabric of space, like a jelly mould.
Whatever was on its way, it was getting closer.
* * *
She woke to the sound of Seth and Oz talking in the kitchen over breakfast, which smelled like pancakes.  She doubted either of them had actually cooked them.  She was about to get up when she heard something that made her decide to pretend she was still asleep, and just listen.
‘…trust this Aidan character.’
‘I find it hard, too,’ said Oz.  His voice was weary, like they’d gone over this point time and time again and he was ready to drop the subject.  ‘But maybe he was telling the truth.  He meant it as a test and it got out of hand.’
‘You saw what he did to your sister.’  Seth placed special emphasis on the word sister.
‘Yes.  I did.  But you saw what he did to that other kid.  Maybe he’s the one to hate.’
‘Or maybe we just hate them both.’
‘Maybe.’  Oz sighed.  ‘Look, we’re never going to see them again, so can we just leave it?’
It sounded like Seth had slammed his hands on the counter.  ‘Fine.  Have it your way.  As always.’
Itzy could just imagine Oz rolling his eyes at his friend.
‘Anyway,’ Oz went on, ‘as I was saying before we got onto that fascinating little tangent - look at these read-outs.’
There were footsteps, Seth moving to where Oz was standing.  ‘What do they mean?’
‘I’m not sure, exactly,’ Oz admitted, ‘but I do know that at one point, the energy levels spiked through the roof.’
‘Aidan,’ Seth said, the name like acid in his mouth.
‘Yes.  But….’
‘There’s a but?’
‘There’s a but.’
‘A big but?’
‘A very big but.’
‘How big are we talking?’
‘Ginormous.’
Silence.
Seth asked, ‘So what is it?’
‘The levels were spiking well before anyone else arrived on the scene.’
‘How do you know?’
‘Because they were doing it almost as soon as we arrived.  I just didn’t tell anyone because I wasn’t sure what it meant.’
‘And you’re still not sure,’ Seth reminded him, ‘so why are you choosing now as show-and-tell time?’
‘Because I was up thinking about it last night.  I did a little mental imaging, if you know what I mean.’
‘Uh-huh.’  In her head, Itzy saw Seth nod.  ‘Raising the dead in our back garden, I’m guessing?  Find anything of interest?’
‘A cat,’ Oz told him.  ‘Eurydice was spooked.’
‘I bet.  So you measured your own energy levels?’
‘Exactly.’
‘And?’
‘And they didn’t match.’
Silence again.
‘What’s that mean?’
There was a clicking sound.  It was the Energy Sensor.  ‘Let me read you,’ Oz said.
‘Alright.  What shall I draw?’
‘It doesn’t matter.  Wait, no.  Draw something big.’
‘I aim to please.’
Everything grew quiet and still.  Itzy pictured the way Seth closed his eyes, his face falling into a state of meditation, concentrated but relaxed.  He didn’t seem to need to do it if he was drawing something small.  But for what Oz had requested, she thought it might require more from him.
Then she heard Oz say, ‘That’s it?  You didn’t do anything.’
‘Maybe,’ Seth admitted.  ‘But then again, maybe not.  Open the front door.’
Oz’s feet padded across the kitchen floor.  The door creaked open.  Then he gasped.  ‘Where are we?’ he said in a husky voice.
Seth’s feet followed him to the doorway.  ‘Egypt.’
‘That’s what I thought.’
Itzy could stand it no longer.  She wriggled out from under the duvet and scrambled to her feet.  She accidentally stepped on Eurydice’s tail, sending the cat bolting out of the room.
Itzy raced to the back of the lounge and drew aside the curtains that shielded them from the outside.  At first, all she saw was the back garden.  It was long and narrow, the grass immaculate and the patio dotted with topiary - Seth’s work, to be sure.
But just beyond that garden - was a pyramid.  And beyond that, sand and nothing else.
‘When did you discover you could do that?’ Oz said.
His words were fainter now that Itzy was further away.  She wanted to get closer to them, but at the same time, she couldn’t bear to leave the window.  She was fixed on the scene, mesmerised - not just with what she saw, but with Seth.
‘About a minute ago,’ Seth said.  ‘I didn’t actually expect it to work.  So what’s that energy thingy say?’
As if just remembering the sensor even existed, Oz said, ‘What?  Oh, right.  That.  Er….’  There was a pause.
‘Well?’
‘It doesn’t match.’
‘Doesn’t match what?’
‘The readings in the field.’
‘Right.’  Seth broke off to think about this.  ‘But that’s just because there’s something special about the field, right?  That’s what your dad was on about.  That’s why we went there.’
‘No, no, back up,’ Oz told him.  ‘Remember what they did match?’
Evidently, he did.
‘Aidan,’ Seth bit out.  ‘So what are you saying?  That he’d been there all along?’
‘Maybe.  Probably.  But something else, too.’
Silence.  Seth was waiting for the punch line.
‘I think he made the crop circle.’
More silence.  Seth obviously didn’t find the joke very funny.  ‘Huh,’ was all he said in the end.  
Then Oz said, ‘We should find out what he told Itzy.’
She heard their footsteps coming her way and she dove for the sofa.  She tried to throw the duvet over her in a way that would look natural, but Seth caught her in the act.
He wagged his finger at her like a disapproving father.  ‘Don’t pretend you didn’t hear us.’
There was no use denying it.  Itzy tossed away the duvet once more and jumped to her feet. ‘I want to go outside,’ she said.
Oz grinned at her.  ‘Me too, if I’m honest.  After all, maybe this was a fluke,’ he told Seth.  ‘You don’t know if you’ll ever be able to teleport us again, do you?’
In answer, Seth’s fingers flew through the air and the three of them found themselves wearing hats and sunglasses.  ‘May as well be prepared,’ he explained.  
When they stepped out the front door, they wore matching expressions of disbelief.  It really did seem to be Egypt.  And Seth had landed them at the Great Pyramid.
‘There are no tourists,’ Oz noticed with a frown.
‘Hm,’ said Seth, scratching his temple.  ‘Yeah, I thought that might happen.’
Itzy asked, ‘What do you mean?’
‘Well, I don’t think it’s actual teleportation, per se.  More like…I’ve created it for us.  So there’s the real Egypt thousands of miles away, and then there’s this.  And it might be weird, because I can only draw things I’ve seen before.  So if there are inconsistencies…that’s why.’
‘So where’s our street?’ asked Oz.
‘I think it’s still there.  I’ve just plopped this between it and our house.  Like in another dimension, maybe?  No one else can see it.’
‘Are you sure about that?’ Itzy questioned.
In fact, he didn’t look sure at all, but he said, ‘If they could, I think the whole street would be here.  Look, I don’t make the rules.  I’m bending time and space here; isn’t that enough for you?  Do I have to be a physicist, now, too?’
Oz gave him a dry look and turned back to the pyramid.  ‘Well, I’d still like to go explore.  Even if it is just something you made up.  Though I’m a little nervous about what we’re going to find lurking in your head.’
‘Har har,’ said Seth.  He put out his arm.   ‘Itzy?’
Their eyes met.  She searched for some trace of what had almost passed between them the night before, but he seemed to have decided to ‘be cool’ again.  She took his arm and they walked together across the sand, their feet sinking in it and their thighs soon aching.  
To the side of them sat the Sphinx.
 ‘Is that really so close to the Great Pyramid?’ Oz asked.
‘I told you,’ Seth said in an exasperated tone, ‘there would be inconsistencies.  I can only remember so much from telly.’
‘Aidan’s been to Egypt,’ Itzy announced before she could stop herself.  She felt Seth’s arm stiffen.  
Oz turned around so he could look at her, walking backwards in the direction of the Great Pyramid.  His black hair looked like a crow flying over the golden desert.  ‘Really?  What else did he say to you yesterday?’
Itzy tried to ignore how tense her walking companion seemed, and answered her brother, ‘Not much.  Just that he’s part of some crop circle forum and he’s been driving all over the country visiting them as they, er, crop up.’
Oz groaned at his sister’s bad joke.
‘What a heart throb,’ Seth muttered under his breath. 
‘Are you jealous?’ Itzy asked.
‘No,’ he said too quickly.  ‘I just didn’t like him, yeah?’
Ignoring his friend’s emotional detour, Oz said, ‘Visiting them?  Or making them?’  Then he turned back around so he was facing the right direction.
When they made it to the pyramid, they saw it was perhaps the size of the Gherkin in central London.  ‘Is that really how big it is?’ Itzy wondered.
‘Dunno,’ said Seth.  ‘Could be bigger.  Could be smaller.’  He shrugged like it didn’t matter.
‘Do you know who Osiris is?’ Oz asked his sister as he ran his hands along the stone surface of the pyramid.  
‘He’s the god of the dead, right?’
‘Right.  He was a king when he was alive, but his brother -’
‘Seth,’ Itzy couldn’t help interrupting.
Oz laughed.  ‘Okay, you know the story.  So you know the Egyptians built little tunnels in the pyramids, pointing to Osiris’ star in the sky?’
‘So the souls of the pharaohs could return safely to the king of the dead,’ Itzy filled in.  ‘Yes.’
He nodded at her.  ‘I’ve always been fascinated by the story.  Maybe just because he’s my namesake.’
‘We could get you a dog,’ Seth suggested, ‘and call it Anubis.  I can make one for you, if you want.’
‘You’re so funny,’ Oz said, his voice dripping with irony.
‘Hang on,’ said Seth when he noticed what Oz was now trying to do.  ‘Are you planning on going inside?’
‘What else?’ said Oz.
‘Okay, remember it’s not real.  Don’t expect to find the secrets of the Egyptians in there, because if I don’t know them, I didn’t bring them here.’
Oz shrugged.  ‘Still kinda cool to go in, fake or not.’
No one could argue with that logic.
‘In that case,’ Seth said, ‘I know how to get in.  There’s a panel somewhere and if you push it….’  He ran his hands along the side of the pyramid until something gave under the pressure.  ‘…it opens.’
He shoved harder and the stone slid aside, revealing a long narrow shaft of darkness.  Black lay at the end of it.
Itzy looked at him in alarm.  ‘You mean we crawl through that?’
Seth smirked at her.  ‘Are you afraid of the dark?’
She shook her head.  ‘Close spaces, actually.  And it’s not funny.’
His face softened.  ‘Oh yeah.  You told me that, didn’t you?’  Shocks of blond hair stuck out at odd angles from under his hat - a black fedora that made him look like an old Hollywood actor.  His eyes looked especially blue in the harsh sunlight.  ‘This all came from my imagination.  And in my head…nothing could ever hurt you,’ he tried to assure her.
Something flowed between them in that moment, something Itzy couldn’t define or explain, but it took her breath away.  Then he unlinked his arm from hers and instead offered her his hand.  His palm was up and she could see the strong lines buried into the skin.  They spoke of vitality and power.  She placed her hand in his, entrusting her life to him.
Oz climbed in first.  There was just enough room to fit him, if he crawled on his stomach.  ‘Here I go,’ he said, his voice disappearing down the shaft.
‘You next,’ Seth told Itzy.  ‘I’ll be right behind you.’
She swallowed.  Was she really going to do this?
Seth’s forehead touched hers, like the night she’d first gained control of her power.  He pulled her toward him and she felt the air escape his lips.  It rushed over her face, sending tiny shivers down her spine.  She was slapped with a desperate need to be closer.  Later, when she stopped to think about it, she would remember she barely knew him.  But when he touched her, she could feel his strength flow through her and mix with her own.  He empowered her.
Then she slipped into the tunnel, black enveloping her.
The cold of the stone blocks was a shock to her system, after the heat outside the pyramid.  She blinked once, twice, and again, adjusting to the minimal light.
‘Seth,’ she whispered.  
‘I’m right here,’ he said.  She felt him tug on her ankle and it immediately renewed her resolve.
‘Where’s Oz?’ she asked.
He was well ahead of them by now and everything before her was darkness.
‘Oz?’ she tried again, but there was no response.
A jolt of panic surged through her.  She wanted to get out.  What was she doing in there, anyway?  Since when did she lose her head this way because of a boy, even if he was gorgeous?
And when had she started thinking of him that way, anyway?  What happened to irritating and arrogant?
But getting back to the point at hand, she couldn’t leave.  She was already metres into the shaft and there was no room to turn around.  The only way out was to go all the way inside, to the belly of the pyramid…then climb their way back out the way they came in.  
‘You can do this,’ Seth whispered to her.  She wished she could see him.  
Itzy said, ‘Keep talking to me.’  It came out more like pleading. 
‘Of course,’ he said.  
They started to crawl.  She moved one elbow, then the other; one elbow, then the other.  It became a steady pattern, something she could sink into and forget about.  Her t-shirt slid up and the cold of the stones shot through her stomach, making her jump and bang her head on the ceiling.
‘Careful,’ Seth said belatedly.  
She rubbed her head with one of her hands, before continuing.  
‘So what did you want me to talk about?’ he asked.
Itzy considered this.  Anything to keep her mind off new worries of spiders rushing into her face in the darkness.  ‘What are you afraid of?’ she asked, imagining he was probably afraid of nothing.  That was how he struck her.
But instead, Seth went quiet.  She didn’t like it.
‘I’m sorry,’ she said.  ‘If you don’t want to answer that, fine.  Just say whatever you like.  Please don’t stop talking to me.’
‘It’s not that,’ he said.  ‘I was just considering the question.’ There was a pause, and then he told her, ‘Well, I was scared yesterday when you got hurt.’
She slipped forward another slow inch.  ‘Why should I matter to you so much?  We hardly know each other.’
Seth laughed in the darkness behind her.  ‘I guess I’ve never been much of a believer in things always having to make sense.  Some things just don’t, you know?’  Then he sighed dramatically and said, ‘But if you mean deep-rooted fears…I’ve always been afraid of being alone.’
‘Why would you be alone?’ she asked.  Then she cried out, as something grabbed at her.  ‘Seth!’ she screamed.
‘Itz?’ he called.  His voice betrayed panic, despite the scene coming from his head.  Perhaps he didn’t trust himself.  Now there was a strange thought.
She felt the tunnel vanish, and she was being lifted away, placed onto her feet.
‘Oz?’ she asked, just as Seth tumbled into her and sent them both flying on the ground.
She wound up on top of him, and was relieved he couldn’t see her blush.  She rolled off of him and stood up again.  She could hear him doing the same.  Then there was the telltale whooshing sound of his hands dancing in the air, and there was light.  Oz grinned at them both.
‘Glad you could drop in,’ he said.  ‘Finally.’
Itzy rolled her eyes at her brother.
Then, as if on wires, their heads all lifted to take in their surroundings.  The chamber was painted from floor to ceiling with hieroglyphs.  At the side lay a four-foot-tall sarcophagus decorated to look like a sleeping pharaoh.  Beside him was a statue of Anubis, the guard dog of the dead.  On the other side was a heap of rare stones, the size of which none of the intruders had ever seen.
‘Do they even make diamonds that big?’ Itzy wondered.
Seth frowned.  ‘I haven’t the foggiest.’  He took off his hat and held it to his chest.
‘What are you doing?’ Oz asked.
‘Dunno.  Respect for the dead and all that.  It felt like the right thing to do.’
‘Okay,’ said Itzy, ‘but there isn’t a real dead person in there, right?  Because you just made this up.  This isn’t the real Egypt.’
Seth leaned sideways to examine the sarcophagus.  ‘Dunno,’ he said again.  ‘You’d have to ask Oz.  He’s the Jason and the Argonauts guy, not me.’
Itzy was confused.  ‘Jason and the what?’
‘It’s a film,’ Oz explained.  ‘At the end, an army of skeletons come to life.’
‘Ah,’ she said.  It sounded like the sort of thing Ash might have on DVD.
Seth was occupied in trying to lift the lid off the sarcophagus.  He wasn’t having much luck.  Meanwhile, Oz inspected the writing on the walls.  
‘What’s it say?’ asked Itzy, coming up behind him.  
He glanced at her over his shoulder.  ‘I’m going to go out on a limb here and say these aren’t real hieroglyphs.  That is,’ he said, pointing to a faded drawing of a sitting bird, ‘but not these.’  He gestured to a jumble of images: goats, fish, baskets, stars.
‘What about them don’t you believe?’ Seth asked from across the room.  It was hard to tell if he was serious or not.  It made Oz smile, at least.
Seth hopped on top of the dead pharaoh and crossed his ankles over the edge of the box.  Clearly, his whimsical respect for the imaginary dead had gone out the window.
‘So,’ he said, ‘this is cosy.  Anyone else hungry?  Itzy didn’t have breakfast,’ he remembered.  He flicked his hands and a picnic basket appeared on the tiled floor of the tomb.  He jumped off the grave and sat before the basket, and the others joined him.  ‘Itz, do you like oranges?’  He offered her one from the basket.
She took it from him.  ‘I don’t understand how this works. Egypt isn’t real, but the food is?’
He sighed.  ‘No, no,’ he spoke with great indulgence.  ‘This is real.  It’s just not the real Egypt.’
‘Huh?’
‘I think what he means,’ Oz intervened, ‘is he can’t bring the original Egypt to us, but he can make new things appear.  So this place is real.  It’s just not the same as the real thing.  That’s still in Egypt.  It’s like our father’s library.  Those are all copies.  The originals are still with my mum.’
‘Some of them came out weird, too,’ Seth noted.  ‘The ones I hadn’t read.  If you ever really want a laugh, pick up our copy of the Tao Te Ching.’
Itzy stared from one boy to the other, and then shook her head.  ‘If you say so.’
‘Think of it another way,’ Seth said as he absently tossed an orange between his hands.  ‘When you write one of your special stories, you make something become reality.  You could create whatever you want, with practice, and it would be real, because you made it, yeah?  And I can draw things and make them appear.  But they don’t come from anywhere else.  They literally just pop into existence.  This orange didn’t grow on a tree.  I made it.  And this pyramid didn’t come from Egypt.  I made it, too.  This is its own thing.  It’s real…but it’s not the same as what already existed before it.’
Itzy ripped the skin off her own orange and pulled out a slice.  She popped it in her mouth, savouring the juice as it burst down her throat.  It was so sweet, so perfect.  Of course Seth would make this.  There was no sour fruit in Seth Land.  There were no spiders in the tunnels.  There was no danger.  That was what it meant to be in his hands - literally, because everything they saw, everything they now consumed, was the result of his handiwork.
‘How did you first realise you could do it?’ Itzy asked him.
Seth swallowed a piece of orange before answering.  ‘I draw things.  Like for real, on paper, with pencils and whatnot.  I paint, too.  So I was studying art at A-Level.  Then one day, near the end of year two, I was in class, working on a portrait, and something came over me.  I was furious with the teacher, though I hardly remember why.  Next thing I knew, I’d painted his face.  But it was a scared face, a face of shock.  It made me nervous.’  
He paused for reflection and rolled a bit of orange peel between his fingers.  ‘No, I tell a lie.  It frightened me.  Because I didn’t know where it’d come from.  I didn’t remember painting it.  I’d gone into a trance - like what you described.  I had this vague sensation that I’d watched someone - maybe myself - doing it, but I couldn’t connect to the memory.’
‘And then it came true?’ she guessed.
‘Not straight away.  It was later in the lesson.  The teacher got called out of the classroom by the Head of the department.  When he came back in the room, he was white as a sheet and he wore that same expression, the one I’d painted.’
‘What had happened?’ Itzy asked.
‘To this day, I don’t know.  Something personal, I suppose.  But the point is, I realised I could make things happen.’
‘But wait.’  She reached over the basket and grabbed a handful of cashews out of a bag her brother held.  He swatted her hand away and she stuck her tongue out at him before sitting back down.  ‘You don’t make things happen,’ she said to Seth.  ‘You make things appear.  It’s different.’
‘Not always.  I can make things look a certain way, too.  And sometimes that means something has to happen first.  But I have no control over what that might be.’
‘Which is why,’ Oz added, ‘he doesn’t do it.  He just magics things up for us, instead.  It’s safer.’
‘And saves us a lot of money,’ Seth noted as he popped another segment of orange in his mouth.  ‘Haven’t you wondered why neither of us has a job?’
Itzy had, in fact, but there was something else she wanted to know more.  ‘How did you know you weren’t just psychic?’ she asked, her eyes on Seth.  It was something she had speculated about herself too many times to count.
Especially now that Aidan had shown up.
‘I didn’t,’ said Seth.  ‘I experimented for a long time.  And it didn’t come all at once, right?  In the beginning, there were the trances.  I didn’t learn how to control it and really understand my power until I met Oz.  He got me into meditation, exercises, things like that.’
Itzy turned to her brother.  ‘And when was that?  How did you meet?’
‘We were at the same college,’ Oz told her.  ‘We knew each other through a friend.  It was just a matter of time before we realised we were both a little…different.’
She stuffed her mouth with cashews and chewed.  When she’d swallowed, she said, ‘I thought maybe you’d known each other longer than that.’
Seth shook his head.  ‘Nah.  Only about a year-and-a-half.’
There was a beeping sound.  It was so incongruous with the scene in which they sat, they all jumped.
‘It’s my phone,’ Itzy realised with surprise.  She fished it out of her pocket and opened the message that had just come through.  It was Ash.
Been trying to reach you.  Please answer.
She shoved the phone back away and drew her knees up to her chest.  Seth had his eyes on her but said nothing.
Oz raised an eyebrow and asked, ‘Who was it?’
‘No one,’ she lied.  ‘But we’re obviously still in England, because my network’s still set to the UK.’
‘Told you,’ said Seth.
‘So it wasn’t your mum?’ Oz asked his sister.
‘No.  Why?’
He shrugged.  ‘You’ve been gone a long time.’
‘So has she.’  
‘I don’t…what do you mean?’ he asked.
Her gazed roamed, settling on a corner of the room.  ‘She’s an alcoholic,’ she said to the walls.  She couldn’t bear to see their sympathetic faces.
Oz seemed to understand that, so he changed the subject.  ‘So why do we think Aidan’s making crop circles?’
‘We don’t,’ Seth pointed out.  ‘You do.  But for the sake of argument, let’s say I agree - and I’m not sure I do, yet - he’s probably trying to do the same thing your father was.  Contact the Ancients.  Maybe that’s how he knew your father.  Why he was at the funeral.’
Oz didn’t look convinced.  ‘But Dad thought that circle was a response.  From the stars.’
‘Did he say anything else, in the journal?’ asked Itzy.
Oz shook his head.  ‘I don’t know.  I haven’t finished going through it, yet.  It’s not exactly easy reading.  I think he was losing his mind, by the end.’
‘Or,’ Seth suggested, ‘he was perfectly sane, but he was being deliberately confusing, so no one would understand.’
Oz appeared to find this idea deeply unsettling.  ‘Why would he do that?’
‘Because he was afraid of someone finding out what he was about.’
Oz looked genuinely taken aback.  He obviously hadn’t thought of that before.
Itzy cleared her throat.  ‘Um…if you want….’  Both sets of eyes turned on her expectantly.  ‘It’s just…Aidan sort of Facebooked me last night.’
Seth blinked.  ‘How’d he even find you?’
Her jaw dropped as she gawked at him.  ‘Itzel Loveguard?’ she said.  ‘There’s not exactly two of me.’
‘What did he want?’ asked Oz.
‘To meet up.’
Seth choked on a grape he’d just tossed into his mouth.  His cheeks turned red and he coughed his throat clear.  When he’d recovered, he said, ‘You’re having a laugh.  You’re not seriously considering it.  Are you?  Oh God, you are, aren’t you?’  He put his hand to his head in frustration.
‘Well, I wasn’t, before,’ she said.  ‘But after what you’ve been saying, I thought….’
‘You should go,’ said Oz.
Itzy grew flustered and looked around.  ‘Okay.  But where would I…?’
Oz laughed at the misunderstanding.  ‘No, I mean, you should meet with Aidan.’
‘Oh.’  She hadn’t expected one of them to agree with her.
‘Oz!’ Seth hissed, his eyes opaque with fury.  ‘She can’t do this.’
‘Why not?  It’s a good idea.  Maybe he’ll open up to her, tell her what he’s up to.’
Seth glared at him, an idea brewing in his blond head.  Then his hand struck the air and Oz disappeared from the tomb.
Itzy jumped.  ‘Where’d he go?’
Seth shot her a cool look.  ‘Home.  I didn’t think he deserved the picnic-in-a-pyramid fantasy anymore.’
Itzy sighed.  The look she turned on her remaining companion was one of sudden maturity.  It was the look of her mother, back when Myra still had any semblance of parental authority.  ‘You can’t just make him go away when you don’t agree with him.  Besides, he’s right.  This is an opportunity to get some answers.’
Seth sucked in his cheeks and pushed out his lips in consideration.  ‘I don’t think you deserve it, either,’ he said.
He wiped his hands in front of his face and they found themselves back in Seth and Oz’s lounge.
Seth glanced around wistfully.  ‘No more Egypt,’ he said.
Oz pounced on his sister, pushing his friend aside with his presence.  ‘Have you replied yet?’
‘To Aidan?’ she asked, startled.  ‘No.’
‘Good.  Tell him yes.  You’ll meet.’
SEVENTEEN
Aidan was driving.  He couldn’t believe it had taken him so many years to discover this was his favourite thing to do.  He loved the feeling of the wind creasing his skin through the rolled-down windows, one of his hands resting on the bottom of the steering wheel and the other tapping out a rhythm on the doorframe.  His head nodded to the beat of the song he had blaring at ear-shattering levels on the car stereo.
Like most of his music collection, it was up-tempo but filled with screaming guitars put through far too much reverb and layered with atmospheric vocals that seemed to come out of a dream.  It was good driving music, especially at night.
The Jag screeched down the empty road at 100 miles an hour, making a hungry growling sound that set the blood pumping joyously through Aidan’s veins.  There was nothing but him, that car and tarmac.
No Melody.
No Verdi.
Just Aidan.  And his thoughts.
Which had rather worryingly come to settle on that strange girl from the cornfield more times than he would have liked.  He couldn’t decide how he felt about the way she’d looked at him, as if she’d known him in some other lifetime; like they had shared something intimate that he could no longer remember.
But more than that, he was unsettled by the fact that as soon as he had seen her standing there, with her hair whirling around and hiding her face like raven wings, he had been filled with the uncanny sensation that she was someone he had been waiting for all his life, and at last she was there.
Then she’d turned out to be Stephen Loveguard’s daughter.  What were the odds?  It seemed too serendipitous to be ignored.
She was so different from Melody, he couldn’t help reflecting.  Even when she’d been screaming and grappling with the unruly ground, he had seen a hard strength in her that his girlfriend had never presented.  In that desperate moment, she had looked at him like perhaps she was losing that battle, but she would be back, and when that time came, it wouldn’t be pretty.
Part of him had been disappointed at having to step in, to try to help her.  Because before that, before Verdi, she had overwhelmed him with her presence and he’d been convinced that whatever magic they could do, she would show them it was all child’s play.  
And he thought maybe she would show them yet.  In fact, he wanted her to show them.  It was a desire that was startlingly similar to his need to find the black pulse of his dreams.  He wondered if they were somehow connected.
It was that which had made him send her the message, against all his better judgment.  He knew what an unholy can of worms he was opening up by doing it.  For one thing, in the back of his mind he was a little frightened of the Loveguard girl.  Because she’d already managed to invade Aidan’s thoughts - Aidan, whom nothing and no one really affected.  
On a more practical level, Aidan knew how Melody would react when she learned he was going to see that strange black-haired girl.  He considered keeping it from his girlfriend, but he just couldn’t do that.  He had never been a liar.
Which was why he was driving.  Because on the road, there was no one to demand explanations or promises of love from him.
There was just Aidan.
* * *
Itzy hung by the tree with her head hovering over her mobile, staring at the message she’d just sent that mysterious boy who had seemingly stepped out of her dreams and become real.  She could hardly believe she’d just agreed to a - date? - with him.
Well, it wouldn’t amount to anything, would it?  After all, just as Seth had rightly pointed out, Itzy wasn’t ready.  She had to move on from Ash first - which was why she’d finally answered all his calls over the last day.
Her ebony hair whipped around her face in a gust of wind, which whistled through the leaves above her.  At least she was warm.  She’d gone home and changed into fresh jeans and a long-sleeved grey fleece, with the arms pushed up just past her elbows.
‘Itzy!’ Ash called to her.
She looked up just in time to catch him waving one of his long, toned arms at her.  His lifelong love of swimming had given him the sort of physique that made girls’ heads turn.
Itzy peeled herself from the tree and approached him, a few paces from the tree.  ‘Hey you,’ she said.
‘Hey you,’ he returned.  They held each other’s gaze, each not knowing what to say.  Ash decided it was up to him to make the communication work.  ‘Sorry if I seemed panicked.’
‘Well, I did have about ten missed calls from you,’ she teased.  ‘And a text.  And a few voicemails.  And you posted on my wall.’
‘Okay, okay,’ he said, smiling.
It was that beautiful smile she’d always loved and thought was just for her.  Now she wondered if he gave that same smile to Devon.  She decided he probably didn’t; he probably had another smile for Devon, one that Itzy had never seen and never would.
‘Where were you?’ he asked.
Itzy shrugged.  ‘You know.  Around.’
‘With your brother?’ he guessed.
At least that was something she could be honest about.  ‘Yeah,’ she said.
‘It’s so weird,’ Ash commented, ‘how he didn’t want anything to do with you for all those years, and now you seem to be spending all your time with him.’
Itzy shrugged.  ‘Thanks, Dad, for dying, I guess,’ she said wryly.  
Ash frowned at her.  A stray hair flew in her face and he moved it back without thinking, a leftover from the days when he still had a right to do that sort of thing.
‘Are you alright?’ he asked.  ‘Really?’
It occurred to her that in the last week, she’d hardly spent much time thinking about her father’s death at all.  She’d forgotten she ought to be grieving.  Was that wrong?  
She tucked her disobedient hair behind her ears and said, ‘I guess it doesn’t feel real, yet.  I mean, I hadn’t talked to him in how long?’  
She thought back to when she was fourteen and he had tried ringing her.  When she picked up, Stephen’s voice had hit her like the voice of a dead man.  He’d spoken to her as if no time had passed and nothing had changed between them.  But she couldn’t just draw a line in the sand the way he could.  He’d offered her money, his effort at love.
When she turned him down, he asked, ‘Then what do you want from me?’  The desperation in his voice told her he didn’t know what to do to make things better.
The she’d hung up on him, and that was the last time she’d ever spoken to him.  Now, she found she hardly remembered what he sounded like.
‘It doesn’t matter how long it’s been,’ Ash told her.  ‘I don’t think that’s something you ever get over.’
Itzy didn’t want to hear this.  She wanted him to say it would be okay and some day she would move on.  She wanted to hear that time was the great healer and would diminish the pain.  
Without warning, she tumbled into his arms.  He staggered back a step, not expecting the outburst.  Then his arms were around her, wrapped tightly the way they used to be when she was going through one of her many dramas.  His fingers caught in the ends of her hair.
‘What is this?’ he whispered, his chin resting on the top of her head.
Itzy didn’t know how to answer him.  She thought of Devon.  She wondered what she was doing, what she was hoping to achieve.
But then, she didn’t ask to meet up; he did.  So she said, ‘What do you want it to be?’
Ash carefully disentangled himself from her and drew back to look at her.  ‘I want us to be friends.  It’s been six months, Itz.  Six months.  Without you.  And I can’t stand it.’
She was stunned.  ‘But…Devon,’ she made out.
He shook his head.  ‘I’m not saying that.  I just mean…Itzel Loveguard.’  He smiled as he said her name, and stepped closer to her.  ‘You’ve always been special to me.  And I understand if you don’t love me anymore -’
‘Is that what you think?’ she asked in surprise.
Ash sighed.  ‘What else does it mean when you break up with someone and then just never speak to them again?’
‘No,’ she said.  ‘Not with you.  It wasn’t because…I just…I couldn’t do it to you anymore.’
He narrowed his eyes at her, which had always reminded her of melting Rollos.  ‘What is it you think you were doing to me?’
‘Ash,’ she said, unable to believe him.  ‘The book.  I actually threw a book at you.  I was so unstable.  I was having breakdowns left, right and centre.  But when was I ever there for you?’
His mouth fell open.  ‘But Itzy, I wanted to be there for you.’
‘Yes, I know.  But maybe I didn’t feel comfortable with how unbalanced it was.’
He gave her a sad smile.  ‘You sound like you’ve changed.  Like it would be different, now.’
His body hunched under the weight of the complications rising up like a brick wall between them.
‘Look,’ he said, ‘the point is: I want you back in my life.  I keep worrying about you, wondering how you are, hoping you’re okay.  I can’t stand this not talking.’  One of his fists clenched.  ‘It’s not right.  You shouldn’t be able to be as close as we were and then never talk to each other again.  How can you be okay with that?’
‘I’m not,’ she admitted in a shaky voice.  ‘I’m not, at all.’
‘So don’t do it.’  Ash took her hands.  ‘Let’s be friends, hang out again.  The way you wanted when we first broke up,’ he acknowledged.  ‘I know I didn’t handle things right, and there were things that were probably my fault.  But I’ve changed too, yeah?  And I think I can do this now.  Just….’  He took a deep breath.  ‘Please don’t shut me out of your life as if we never mattered to each other.’
Itzy sighed as she weighed up his words.  A small voice in the back of her head told her this would never work, and she should walk away.
But a louder voice reminded her that this was Ash.  Her Ash.  Even beyond being the one boy she’d ever dared to fall in love with, he had once been her best friend after Devon.  And it had killed her to let him go.
‘Alright,’ she said.  ‘Let’s try being friends.’  
Ash squeezed her hands and leaned forward so their foreheads touched.  It was just like what Seth had done, but the response in her body was different.  It felt less thrilling and more like returning to a place she had forgotten she was missing.
He pulled away and let go of her hands.  He motioned to the ground and they both sat down.  ‘So, as friends,’ he said, ‘what’s been going on?’
‘I’ve told you.’
‘Uh-huh.’  He nodded in a knowing way.  ‘So what’s really going on?’  When she didn’t answer, he said, ‘Look.  You came to my house in a state and ducked out without even saying goodbye.  Devon got all cagey with me when I asked her if something was up.  Then yesterday, she got dropped at my house - in the same car I once saw you get out of, by the way, so I know you were in there with her.’
Itzy swallowed, unable to meet his eyes.  ‘Did Devon, um…say anything?’
‘What, you mean about aliens and man-eating plants dragging you through a cornfield, and your brother saving you by raising dinosaur skeletons from the ground?’ Ash said with an absurdly straight face.  ‘Yes, she had quite a lot to say, actually.’
Without meaning to, Itzy found herself laughing.
‘What?’ he said.  ‘What’d I say?’
She laughed harder and tears spilled from her eyes.  She fell forward, her head hitting the ground as she laughed.  ‘It sounds so - funny when you - just say it - like that!’ she choked out.
She felt Ash’s hands yank her back up so she was sitting.  He turned her face to his.  ‘Sorry?’
She pressed her eyes shut and took a breath, trying to suppress the laughter.  ‘Okay, okay,’ she said, inhaling and exhaling deeply.  ‘Okay, first of all, there was only one dinosaur skeleton.’  A giggle slipped out of her, but she quickly forced her face to look all business.
He released her.  ‘Again,’ he said, ‘sorry?’
So she told him.  It slipped out of her with the ease of a baby being born, and like a baby, she wondered just what would become of this story as it was told and retold after Oz had seemed so keen on keeping it secret.  When she’d finished, Ash’s beautiful brown eyes had expanded to twice their normal size and he looked unable to think what to say.
‘So,’ she concluded her story, ‘you asked what’s been happening with me, and…there it is.’
Ash pushed his toned arms into the ground behind him and leaned back.  ‘You really believe this, don’t you?’
Itzy shot him a here we go again look.  ‘I already went through this with Devon,’ she said, ‘and, as you saw, Devon’s now a believer.’
‘As I’d like to be,’ he said.  ‘So show me.’
She didn’t have to ask what he meant.  And she hoped she would be able to deliver.  ‘Alright,’ she said.  ‘But I can’t guarantee I can do it.  I’ve only ever done it once on purpose.’
‘Try.  You’ve always been able to do whatever you put your mind to.’
His blind faith in her was encouraging, just as it always had been.  She may have only ever made a few friends in her time, but they were good people who believed in her, and not everyone was able to say that.
Itzy shut her eyes with determination.  
Lines of colour streaked through her mental landscape, first reds, then yellows and pinks, against the black background.  Then came the letters.  They swam up in her vision and tangoed together like old lovers.  Then all at once, they came together to form words - a sentence.  Dark lines sparked in the air around her.
Her eyes flew open, just as Ashley’s phone rang.
‘Sorry,’ he said, checking who was ringing.  ‘It’s Devon.  Bear with me.’  He took the call and said, ‘Hey, Dev.  You al -’
He stopped there, his eyes frozen on Itzy, who wore a self-satisfied smile, knowing what Devon had just said to him.
‘Um…yeah,’ he said through the phone.  ‘Alright, I’ll…I’ll ring you later.  Bye.’
He clicked off the phone and pushed it into his pocket without taking his eyes off Itzy.  He looked at her as if he’d never seen her before.  Even when they’d first met, there had been a spark of familiarity between them, as if destiny had always intended them to know each other.  But now…now something had changed.
‘How did you do that?’ Ash whispered breathlessly.
‘What’d she say?’ Itzy asked.
‘I think you already know the answer.  But if you must hear it from me…she said I had to believe you.  She said she knew what you were doing.’
‘Anything else?’ she asked, now with true curiosity.  ‘That’s all I made her say.  If there was anything more, it was all her.’
He blinked at her.  ‘She said she was glad we were speaking.’
Itzy let out the breath she hadn’t realised she’d been holding.  It was a relief to hear Devon wasn’t angry at her for being alone with Ash.
‘Alright,’ Itzy said.  ‘So…do you believe me now?’
‘Yes,’ he said carefully.  ‘I suppose I have to.’  Then he made a connection in his mind.  ‘Could your dad do this stuff, too?’
She shook her head.  ‘Oz thinks it’s only a recent thing, and I think it’s mainly younger people who’ve developed…powers.’
‘But why?’
‘Dunno.  There have been a lot of unanswered questions raised for me lately.  I wish I could tell you more.’
‘But your father,’ Ash persisted, ‘he knew - about you and what you could do.’
‘I don’t think so,’ she said in surprise.  ‘Although, I don’t exactly know he didn’t know, either.  I think he knew about Oz.  So I suppose he could’ve worked out the rest for himself.’
‘And he was trying to contact -’  He stopped there and clutched his head.  ‘No, I don’t think I can bring myself to say that aloud.’
Itzy laughed.  ‘Don’t think I don’t know how mad it all sounds.  I didn’t believe it at first, either.’
‘But this person - Seth - he made you believe.’
She nodded at him.  ‘And yes, my father was trying to contact aliens before he died.  There, I’ve said it for you so you don’t have to.’
‘Cheers.’
‘I don’t know what he was trying to achieve with it,’ she said.  ‘And I don’t know how he knew Aidan.’
‘Who you’re meeting tonight,’ Ash jumped in.
‘I guess,’ she said in disbelief.  None of it seemed quite real.
Ash’s voice was sullen as he asked, ‘Are you sure that’s safe?’
‘You sound like Seth,’ she noted.
He grew still more despondent.  ‘Are you and Seth…?’ 
Itzy’s brow went up.  ‘No,’ she said with finality.  ‘We’re just friends.’
‘Okay.’  She didn’t think he believed her.  ‘When do you need to be there?’ 
She flipped out her phone and checked the time.  It was passing quickly.  Too quickly.  ‘A few hours.’
‘Do you…want me to stay with you for a bit, while you wait?’ he offered.
She could tell it wasn’t meant to be suggestive.  This was Ash being protective over her, just as he always had done.  There had been a time when she liked it.  Now it felt stifling.
‘No,’ she said.  ‘Thank you, but…I think I’m going to go home.  I haven’t seen my mum in a couple days.  She’s probably worried.  Maybe.’
Ash knew all about Myra Loveguard.  That was the thing with Ash: everything was so easy.  She didn’t have to explain anything to him because he already knew it all.
On the other hand - he already knew it all.  There was no hiding from it, no pretending her life was something other than it was.  Not like it was with Seth.  
Or Aidan, a small voice in her head added.
‘Can I walk you home, at least?’ Ash said.
It was strange how she was the one in the desperate situation, and yet it was Ash who came out sounding like he needed her.  She wondered how he would view her if she sorted out her life and came out the other side.  Would there still be a purpose behind their relationship?
‘No,’ she said.  ‘I’d like to be alone for a bit.  I think…I need time.’  Time for what, she didn’t know yet.
He understood.  He always understood.  He reached for her, hesitated, and then wrapped her in a tight embrace.  She felt something inside of her plummet to the Earth as she sank into his chest.  She wondered if she’d ever be able to return the intensity of his hold, or if she would always feel small and fragile in his arms.  There was a time when she loved that.  Now, she wasn’t so sure.
She pushed him away and clambered to her feet, smiling down at him.  ‘I’ll see you around.  Friend.’
Ash grinned up at her.  ‘Friend,’ he said, looking happier than he had in months.
EIGHTEEN
The journey home took almost half an hour.  When she pushed open the front door, she was met with unpromising silence.
‘Mum?’ she called, not expecting an answer.  She was surprised when her mother appeared in the doorway of the lounge.
‘Hi, Itzy,’ Myra greeted her.  She looked like she hadn’t slept in days, even though she’d probably spent most of that time unconscious.  Her hair was dishevelled and darkness ringed her eyes - but they were alert, which was a good sign, something her daughter hadn’t seen on her in a long time.  She was dressed in a long black bathrobe.
Itzy shut the front door behind her and kicked off her shoes.  She pushed at the sleeves of her fleece, which had slid down her arms and now felt hot.  ‘How’ve you been?’ she asked cautiously.
‘Not so good,’ Myra said.  ‘My head is killing me.  I missed you.’
Itzy stared at her.  ‘You did?’
‘Of course.’  Myra sleep-walked over to her daughter and put an arm around her shoulder.  ‘We should talk,’ she said.
Itzy allowed herself to be guided into the lounge, where they sat side by side on the sofa, Myra’s arm still around her daughter’s shoulder.  Their house was nothing like Itzy’s brother’s.  The sofa had been turned into a bed, heaps of blankets and pillows thrown across it and flowing onto the floor, next to a host of empty glass bottles.  Liquid dribbled out of them, staining the carpet, betraying Myra’s weakness.
‘How was the funeral?’ Myra opened the conversation.  She sounded like she wasn’t completely there, but at least she was trying.
‘Dunno what to say to say, really,’ Itzy told her.  ‘It was a funeral.’
Myra nodded, her eyes half-closed.  ‘Are you alright, is the thing.’
‘What do you think?’  It came out harder than she meant it.  ‘I’m sorry,’ Itzy said.  She leaned her head on her mother’s shoulder, like she used to do as a little girl.  ‘When did life get so complicated?’ she asked.
Myra laughed.  ‘It’s always been complicated.  You just never noticed it before.’  She stroked her daughter’s hair and smoothed down the wilful black that had been blown around in the wind outside.  She swallowed and asked, ‘What’s your brother like?’
Itzy shrugged in her mother’s arms.  ‘He’s nice.  Really nice.  And I think probably a lot like me.  You know.  It is what it is.’
Myra gave her another squeeze.  ‘That’s so good to hear,’ she told her.
Itzy grew still with amazement.  ‘You’re not upset by it?’ 
Myra laughed in surprise.  ‘Why would I be?’
‘I don’t know.  Bad memories and all that.’
Myra sighed and drew back so they could face each other.  She put her hand under Itzy’s chin and tilted her head up so they held each other’s eyes.  ‘None of it’s Oz’s fault - or yours.  I’m glad you’ve managed to connect with your brother.  I’m sure Evelyn is glad of it, too, wherever she may be.’
Itzy smiled in gratitude - not just for what Myra had said, but for the fact that Myra was there at all, in whatever hung-over state.  She couldn’t remember the last time she’d had a proper conversation with her mother, and she hoped she could have one now.  
‘Can I ask you something?’ she said.
‘Of course.  Anything.’
Itzy tilted her head, her black hair falling over her shoulder and tickling her neck.  ‘How did you know you were in love with Dad?’
Myra’s smile at this was bittersweet.  ‘Is this about that boy who came here looking for you?’ she enquired.  ‘Your brother’s friend?’
Itzy’s eyes grew in surprise.  ‘Seth?  No.  I am not in love with Seth.  This has nothing to do with him.’  She stopped herself before she could be accused of protesting too much.  
Her mother mouthed the word oh.  ‘Ash?’ she guessed.
Itzy didn’t want to admit she was right.
‘Well.’  Myra sighed.  ‘It’s a hard question to answer.’
‘Because love is so hard to explain?’ 
‘No.  Because I fell in love with someone I shouldn’t have, so how am I anything to go by?’
Itzy hadn’t considered that.  She’d hoped she and her mother would have one of those beautiful mother-daughter discussions she always saw in films.
Sensing her daughter’s disappointment, Myra said, ‘I suppose I can tell you what love isn’t.’
Itzy looked up in curiosity as Myra fell into one of her rare lucid moments and delivered the sort of advice that reminded Itzy this was still her mother, after all:
‘Love isn’t compromise.  I know, controversial, but it’s true.  If you have to compromise yourself, you’re not in love.  Real love accepts who you are, faults and all.  Real love is working through your difficulties and learning from your mistakes, from each other.  Real love is being able to listen to what the other person has to say, see the nuggets of truth in it, and apply them to yourself to become a better person.  But it’s not about changing yourself.  
‘And love is about equality.  Don’t ever leave yourself feeling unbalanced.  The biggest warning sign with your father was I always felt too breathless around him.  Probably not what you want to think about, but…I couldn’t stand being away from him.  I didn’t just want him with me - I felt like I couldn’t live unless he was there.  I lost my sense of identity.  I don’t know how I let it happen, but he controlled me.  And that was fifty percent my fault, because I could’ve walked away, but I never did.  He had me so broken, I thought I needed his approval just to be alive.’
She looked into her daughter’s face and ran her hand over her hair, a sad smile on her face.  ‘Now, Ash?  He doesn’t do that to you.  But if you want my opinion…I think you’re too fiery for him.  I think with you, it’s the other way around.  You’re…forgive me for saying this, but you’re so like your father,’ she blurted.  ‘And I don’t mean in all the horrible ways, but…you’re so passionate and determined.  When I look at you…I see all the things I used to love about your father.  But I see you doing them better.  And you’re just too strong for someone like Ash.  He’s…he’s too nice for you.’
 Itzy blinked, and blinked again.  ‘Too nice?  You think I should be with someone mean?’
Myra laughed off the idea.  ‘No, not at all.  Just someone…who can handle you.  All of you.  Without leaving you feeling guilty for being who you are.’
Itzy was nonplussed.  Myra was a mess, there was no mistaking that.  Yet she still seemed to understand Itzy in a way no one else did.  
Overcome with a flush of love for her mother, Itzy threw her arms around Myra, who, startled, hugged her back.  They held each other tightly, a long time.
‘I love you,’ Itzy whispered to her.
‘I love you too, baby,’ her mother replied.  Then Itzy pulled back and checked her phone again.  ‘Expecting a call?’ Myra questioned.
‘No.  Just looking at the time.  I’m going out,’ Itzy said.
‘Again?’
‘Do you not want me to?’  In her heart, Itzy hoped her mother would say she had to stay home for a change.
Myra disappointed her.  ‘I’m just surprised,’ she said.  ‘You’re usually such a homebody.  No, go ahead.  Don’t let me stop you.  It’s good you’re not letting everything crush your social life.’
If she only knew.
‘Ta, Mum.’  Itzy gave her another brief hug.  ‘You could…help me work out what to wear, maybe,’ she said shyly.
Myra raised one of her eyebrows.  ‘Is it a date?’
‘I’m not sure,’ Itzy admitted.  ‘He didn’t say.’
‘Is it Seth?’ her mother guessed.
Itzy shook her head.  ‘Someone else.  I don’t really know him, I just met him for a few minutes the other day,’ she breezed out.  ‘He accidentally left something with me and asked me to return it.’
Myra grinned at her.  Her eyes sparkled in a way that reminded Itzy of her old mother, when Itzy was still a child.  ‘Uh-huh.  You don’t think he left it with you on purpose?  Just to see you again?’
‘It really wasn’t like that,’ Itzy told her, hoping to avoid further explanation.  ‘Anyway, will you help me?’
Myra nodded.  After all, that was what mothers and daughters were supposed to do together.  They didn’t huddle in dark corners crying the way Myra and Itzy had done so many times.  They were meant to go shopping so they could both try on outfits each other vehemently disapproved of.
They headed up to Itzy’s room and she flung open her wardrobe.  She ran her fingers along the edges of the fabric, hoping inspiration would strike.  She wasn’t sure how she should play things.  Should she dress up?  Or would he show up in jeans and laugh at her for imagining it was a date?
But what if it was a date and she turned up casual, while he was dressed to the nines?
‘What’s his name?’ Myra asked from her place on the bed.  She leaned back against a pile of pillows and cuddled Parson Brown to her chest.
‘Aidan,’ Itzy threw over her shoulder as she pulled things out of the wardrobe for inspection.  ‘What about this?’
She turned around so her mother could see the black dress she’d worn to the funeral.
‘Are you visiting his grave?’ Myra retorted.  
‘Hm.’ Itzy turned back around and hung the dress in her wardrobe.  She retrieved a button-down top, still black, and spun around once more, holding the top in front of her chest.  ‘This?’
Myra shook her head and got off the bed, tossing the bear against the wall.  ‘I’ll be right back,’ she said.  She weaved slightly as she left the room and headed into her own, down the hall.
Itzy frowned at the contents of her wardrobe.  She’d never realised before how drab and depressing it was.  Nearly everything was black, navy blue or grey.  Aside from that ridiculous Heartbreaker top Devon had forced on her in an effort to bring some colour into her life, everything looked like she was a teenager with a hang-up on The Cure.  Nothing suggested she might be exciting or adventurous or, dare she even think it, powerful.
Because she was.  She knew that, now.  And it was time she started looking the part.  
Myra returned with a bundle in her arms.  
‘What’s that?’ asked Itzy.
Myra dropped the bundle on the bed and it revealed itself to be a fitted silk plum-coloured blouse and a long, violet, crushed velvet skirt.  ‘Try that,’ she said.
Itzy stared at the clothing like she thought it might jump off the bed of its own accord.  She knew what it was: the vintage vestiges of Myra’s golden days, before Stephen had knocked the individuality out of her.  And now Myra was passing it on to her.  She felt the emotion building in her chest.
When she tried it on, it was like slipping into a different skin.  Looking in the mirror, she looked nothing like the girl she’d grown so used to thinking of as herself.  This girl looked several years older, for a start.  And she had the beginnings of curves.  She looked like a gothic model fit for the streets of Camden.
Myra was in her face with a stick of eyeliner.  Then she brushed out her daughter’s hair and took a strip from each side, just above her ear, pulling them around to the back of her head, where she secured them with a tiny silver clip.  
They both stared at Itzy’s reflection in the mirror.  Myra’s mirror image said, ‘You look beautiful.’
Again, Itzy hugged her mother.  She wished to God Myra could somehow sort herself out and be this person all the time.  
Itzy drew back and stared at herself more, unable to believe her eyes.  For once, she could see how she resembled her mother.  For once, she didn’t just see Stephen looking back at her through her own eyes.
Then it was time to go meet Aidan.
NINETEEN
 ‘What do you mean, you’re meeting her?’ Melody screeched, unable to believe her ears.
‘There wouldn’t be any hidden message,’ Aidan told her.
He straightened the collar of his long-sleeved royal blue button-down shirt.  It hung smoothly over near-black jeans.  This was the Aidan Melody knew - the clean-cut controlled Aidan who wore an expression that suggested he might be plotting world domination, even though she’d learned from experience that most of the time, deep down, he just wished the world would leave him alone.
‘But you’re dressing up,’ she said, sounding a little too close to whining for even her liking.
‘I’m not,’ he said.
He had a point.  The tracksuit in the cornfield had been odd, not like him at all.  That was what he wore when he wanted to be invisible.  
‘Is it a date?’ she demanded.  She tried, but couldn’t keep the jealousy from her voice.
Aidan finally turned around, his face plastered into a smile.  ‘Mel,’ he said so softly, she thought her heart might break.
He stepped forward and put his hand on her hair, which hadn’t been done up that day.  She felt like a slob.  She wondered what that stupid Itzy girl with her stupid weird name looked like at that moment.  Melody hoped she had a straightening iron crisis and burned her forehead.
‘You haven’t said no,’ she noticed.
‘Mel,’ he said again, his voice still gentle, ‘stop yer keenin’, would ye?  This isn’t like you.’  He took her hands and looked in her eyes.  ‘I just want to get some answers.  She’s Stephen Loveguard’s daughter.  How can I walk away from that?’
She bit her lip like a child.  ‘But what makes you think she even knows anything?  She didn’t have any powers, you saw that.  Or if she does,’ she added, seeing Aidan’s mouth open to say it himself, ‘she doesn’t know how to use them.  So Stephen must not have talked to her about it, right?  You probably know more than she does.’
‘Aye,’ he acknowledged as he patted down her tousled hair.  ‘But I think Oz knows something, he does.’
‘Then meet him,’ Melody moaned.
Aidan laughed.  ‘Somehow, he didn’t strike me as an easy fella to talk to.’
Melody took a breath.  ‘What are you going to do to her, to make her tell you things?’
He smiled at her again, and kissed her.  It wasn’t the sort of kiss to make your heart stop - in fact, more and more he was holding back from her - but it was something.
‘I’ll be thinking of ye the whole time I’m with her,’ he said as he knelt to slip on black suit shoes.
After he left, she realised he hadn’t promised her anything at all. 
* * *
Eurydice curled up on one of the bookshelves in the lounge and watched as Seth leaned in toward a large sheet of paper tacked onto a tall easel.  He held an actual paintbrush, because he was painting an actual picture, not just something drawn in the air.
It wasn’t something he’d done in months, because he had a habit of painting strange things - either something akin to auras (as Oz called them), splashes of colour intertwining with each other and creating inadvertent symbolism, or portraits.
It was the portraits he was most anxious about, and he hadn’t done one of them since the day he discovered his powers in his A-Level Art class.  
But he was doing one now.  It was a girl with skin the colour of a sandy beach and hair like tar.  Her eyes were midnight peering out of a face of sunlight.  The expression she wore was…well, hard to describe.
Seth had started the portrait as a way of protecting Itzy.  He hadn’t managed to shake his unease at the thought of her being alone with Aidan, no matter what she and Oz thought of the plan.  Everything in Seth’s body told him it was the beginning of something big.
Even if Aidan turned out not to be the serial killer Seth had allowed himself to imagine he was, he would still be the catalyst for whatever would come next.  And whatever that might transpire to be, Seth didn’t think any of them were prepared for it.
So he’d pulled the easel out of its home in a storage room tucked away at the back of their kitchen and he’d retrieved his art supplies, and there he was.  
The trouble with painting, Seth decided, was the pictures never quite came out the way he’d visualised them in his head.  In an absurd way, it was easier to draw things into existence than it was to steady his hands and meticulously put down on paper the images swirling around in his mind.  Sometimes there were things in there that simply did not translate.  He supposed it was probably the same for Itzy and her writing.
And also like Itzy, Seth wasn’t always convinced it was him doing the painting.  Now, for instance, he seriously doubted it, because the Itzy who looked out at him from her paper prison wore an expression he hadn’t intended to give her.  It wasn’t bad; it was even painted well.  But she looked so…enraptured, he supposed was the word for it.  There was a story that went behind that face, and Seth knew exactly what it was.  
It was a love story.
But more than that, it was passionate.  She looked like she’d just experienced something that had set her heart on fire and every inch of her body trembling.  She looked like her head had been filled with images that would have made Seth blush to paint.
Most of all, she didn’t look like she was looking at him, but at someone else in the room.  It was uncanny, like an inverse Mona Lisa: wherever he walked around the portrait, her gaze seemed to be somewhere else.
Why do I matter so much to you? she had asked.  And Seth had been unable to answer her.  Because it would have sounded mad to have told her the truth: that he’d watched her from across the room, at the funeral, and noticed the way she’d hung back out of everyone’s way, as if she’d been a gate-crasher rather than the daughter of the deceased; and he found it endearing the way she kept nervously pushing her hair behind her ears; and he’d found himself wondering what it would be like to have that long hair fall all over his face.  
It would have sounded mad to have told her that he’d felt himself drawn to her, as if he’d known her before; that he was hit with the impression that everything he might ever say to her, she already knew it without him having to speak; or that he thought her name suited her very well, because every time he was with her, he swore he could see a faint rainbow of colour glowing around her, like one of the auras he painted.
Why do I matter so much to you?
Because even Oz - who Seth knew had not been looking forward to seeing his sister at the funeral - had fallen so easily under Itzy’s spell once he met her.  Because Seth hadn’t felt in control of himself when he stole her phone; something had driven him to do it.  A voice in his head had shouted at him that he must force himself into her life, and he hadn’t known why, but the voice was so loud, he had to obey.  
And because she had mastered her powers almost overnight.  And when she’d made him kiss her, it had felt like she was slipping into his head as it touched hers and reaching in to tear out his own desire; she’d given him what he wanted, more than made him do what she wanted.  And it wasn’t merely that there had been a kiss; it was the sort of kiss it was.  It had felt like she’d taken part of his soul along with his breath, and it had frightened him that she could see into him so deeply.
He wasn’t sure why, but most of all, more than anything he wanted from her, he wanted to do something for her.  He wished he could see into her heart and divine what it was she most wanted, and be the one to give it to her.  He wanted to be the one to take away all her pain and help her see she was more than she thought she was.  He wished he could wipe his arms through the air and erase all the hurt inside her, all the memories that had scarred her.  
See?  How could he have told her that?  After all, she’d been right.  They had known each other for a matter of weeks.  You didn’t feel that way about someone you barely knew.
It was a moot point, anyway, because looking at the painting, Seth knew he would not be the one to do all he wished he could do for Itzy.  
But more than that, he had a terrible feeling he knew who would.
This hadn’t been one of his magic paintings.  Not like he was used to, anyway.  It was more like a vision into something he could not prevent, and it filled him with unbearable sorrow.
TWENTY
Aidan was already waiting for her when Itzy arrived at the South Bank.  His arms were bent at the elbows and lay flat on the edge of the white bridge, gazing out over the water of the Thames, its murky surface almost reflecting the cityscape that bordered the river on both sides.  
Itzy took one last glance down at her own outfit, relieved she’d not come too casual.
On the other hand, did that mean this was a date?  It was the first time she’d agreed to go out with someone since Ash, and that was two-and-a-half years ago.  She’d been fourteen, then.  This was totally different.  
She cleared her throat and tapped him on the shoulder.  Aidan turned in irritation, but all his features softened when he saw her.  She could feel him taking her in, appraising her, the way he’d done in the cornfield.  Again, she wasn’t sure how to respond to it.
When she met his eyes, their stone colour took on a new light and seemed to be telling her something, though she couldn’t think what.  She would have been embarrassed to admit that all thought had left her mind as soon as he looked at her, and she found it impossible to look away from him.
‘Ya look beautiful,’ Aidan finally spoke.
She got the impression that wasn’t what he really wanted to tell her, but she didn’t know what else might be playing in his head.  She noticed his voice was rich with sincerity, and heavy with something that might have been reluctant desire, but she wasn’t sure.
He stepped away from the bridge so they were closer.  He looked like he wanted to touch her, but didn’t trust himself.
‘Thank you,’ Itzy said, her heart pounding at the compliment.  ‘Um…where are we going?’
‘Nothing special,’ he apologised.  ‘Just pizza.  Would that be alright with ye?’  
Pizza, Itzy thought, was more than okay.  It would make the evening that little bit more normal and uneventful.  She needed that.
‘That’s fine,’ she said.
They walked down the bridge, expertly dodging the throngs of people walking in the opposite direction.  At one point, the wind blew a scent of the coming autumn over them, and then it was gone, the warmth of summer returning as the sun made a cameo appearance through the grey that had settled over London.
When they reached the restaurant, Aidan opened the door for her.  She stepped through, shivering in the sudden air conditioning.  She reached in the black satin bag hanging over her shoulder and dug out a thin shawl, which she threw over her shoulders.
They were directed to a small table in an intimate corner at the back of the restaurant, several feet from other customers, although it was already packed in there.  When they were handed their menus and left to their own devices, Itzy found herself staring at the words on the glossy list as if they were written in a language she didn’t understand.  She couldn’t concentrate.  Too many ideas swam in her head.  She worried one of her special mental literary works might strike without her control, and who knew what might happen?
‘How bout ye?’ Aidan asked her gently.
Startled out of her reverie, she looked up from the menu and met his eyes.  Again, she felt herself sink in them, unable to turn away.  His gaze seemed to drill into her, excavating her thoughts.  
‘Sorry?’ she said, unsure she understood his meaning.
Aidan smiled and translated for her carefully.  ‘How are ye?  Are ye alright?’
‘Oh.  I - I’m fine,’ she made out.  ‘Just…maybe a little preoccupied.’
His grey eyes studied her.  ‘And what with?’  
Itzy looked at him blankly, horrified to find she’d already forgotten what she’d just said to him.
Much to her relief, Aidan carried on speaking.  ‘I can’t say I’m used to girls having other things on their minds, when they’re around me.’
Was he serious?  She thought perhaps he was, except his mouth stretched across his face into a reluctant smile, and then he laughed.
‘Sorry,’ he said, ‘I’m only geggin’.  But really -’ he leaned in toward her ‘- what have ye on yer mind?’
You, she wanted to say.  What are you about?  And why were you in my dreams?
But that sounded paranoid and hysterical, so instead she said, ‘Why did you ask me to meet you?’
‘Ah.’  He sat back.  ‘Have ye my jumper with ye?’
‘For what it’s worth, yes.’  She fished in her bag and brought it out for him.  ‘You’ll never be able to wear it, again.’
Aidan took it and ran his fingers over the series of tears that marred its surface, this way and that.  ‘Ya have to believe I didn’t mean for that to happen to ye,’ he said, his eyes on the cloth.  He sounded desperate for her to trust him on that point.  He lifted his eyes to hers again.  ‘I would never do that to ye, I wouldn’t.’
She didn’t know why, but she did believe him.  Except….
‘Why do you say that like I mean something to you, when you don’t even know me?’ she asked, feeling an overwhelming sense of déjà vu.  This could have been a conversation with Seth.
Aidan smiled and considered how to answer her.  ‘I spent a wee bit of time with yer da, at the end,’ he finally revealed.
Itzy’s heart leapt and she whispered, ‘Wha - ?’
He nodded, his fingers absently rubbing the cloth of his ruined jumper.  ‘I ran into him at that same crop pattern.  He…sensed what I could do.’
Without further preamble, Itzy watched as the fabric of the jumper melted under Aidan’s caresses.  The edges of the tears stretched out to each other until they had melded together.  Then they solidified, becoming cotton once more.  When he was finished, the jumper looked new.  He handed it to her to examine.
She took it as if in a dream.  What he’d done was somehow different to Seth and Oz’s powers.  There was none of the performance drama that Seth employed, but equally none of the hesitation Oz displayed.  
Aidan answered the question on her lips before she could utter it.  ‘I can manipulate the elements.  Change the composition of things, I can.’  He shrugged as if it were no big deal.  ‘Sometimes -’ he gestured to the jumper ‘- it’s even useful, like.  And sometimes -’ he extended his fingers in the direction of her arms ‘- it’s fun.’
All at once, a tingling sensation rolled up her arms.  Goosebumps rose on her skin.  It felt like he had touched her, though he was across the table.  And it was a good touch, the kind that sent a message of longing into her brain.
‘Stop,’ Itzy whispered.  It came out as a plea.  The tingling vanished and she was physically back to her usual self.  But inside, she hadn’t recovered.
‘Yer caul,’ he remembered.  With a blink, the air grew warmer.  
She removed her shawl, revealing the skin of her forearms and feeling distressingly exposed before him.  ‘Ta,’ she said, her voice full of wonder.  She set the jumper on the table between them.  ‘Is that why you don’t have any scars?’
Aidan blinked, not catching her allusion.  Then his fingers flew to his cheek and he smiled.  ‘See?’ he said.  ‘Useful, like.’  He nodded in her direction.  ‘I notice yer looking a little perfect, yerself.’
Itzy put up her hand as if to move her hair out of her face, an automatic motion, and then remembered it was pulled back and she didn’t need to do that.  She put her arm back down and said, ‘Seth - my brother’s friend - he can sort of draw things.  He fixed things after….’  She shrugged, letting him fill in the blanks.
Again, Aidan smiled at her.  ‘Good.  I was worried about ye when we left.’
Itzy blushed.  She hated it, so she tried to veer the conversation back to more neutral ground.  ‘So my father knew about what you could do, then?’
‘Aye.  Fascinated by it, he was.  Asked me when it had struck.’
‘And you told him -’
‘Round the end of 2011, it was.’
‘And he was interested because of the prophecy,’ she guessed.
Aidan gave her an appreciative look.  ‘Yer not as ignorant as I expected.’
‘Why thanks,’ she said dryly.  
‘Sorry.  I didn’t mean that to be insulting.  I just got the impression Stephen hadn’t told ye much.’
It gave Itzy pause to hear this boy say her father’s name like that.  There was something so personal about it.
‘So,’ she prodded him, ‘did you ever speak again, after that?’
Aidan nodded.  ‘He wanted me to stay in touch.  We met regularly, like, and spoke nearly every day.’
‘For how long?’ she asked breathlessly.
‘Only a month,’ he told her.  ‘One day, he stopped ringing, and I grew worried.  So I thought to ring him.  I reckon it must have been his wife who answered.  She told me he had…he had passed.’
Itzy appreciated his sensitivity on the subject, but it didn’t make it hurt any less.  ‘And invited you to the funeral?’ she said, shaking away the mixed emotions surging through her.
‘No.  I had to do some digging to find out about that.  That’s why I was only there for the service.  I made an appearance, and then left quickly, like.  I suppose I just had to be sure he was really dead.  I couldn’t believe it.’
His voice registered some feeling she couldn’t identify.  Was it regret?  Grief?  Had Aidan cared about her father, after just a month?
‘Did you….’  Her voice dropped, and then she found it again.  ‘Did you see me there?’
He shook his head.  ‘There must have been over a hundred people attended that funeral.  For the life of me, I can’t work out how yer friend recollected me.’
‘What did he speak to you about?’ Itzy wondered.  ‘My father, I mean.’
‘This and that,’ Aidan said.  ‘Ancient malarkey and the like.  But mostly, the Wisdom.’
Itzy felt her heart in her mouth, now.  ‘I keep hearing that word, but…what is it?’
Aidan’s eyes shone under the restaurant lights.  ‘Shur no one really knows,’ he told her.
‘You have a theory, though.’
He opened his mouth to speak, but the waiter returned at that point, to ask if they were ready to order.  Itzy realised she hadn’t looked at the menu and had no idea what she wanted, so she went with a generic margherita and a Sprite.  Aidan, his eyes frozen on hers, said he would have the same, and they returned their menus to the waiter, anxious for him to leave them alone.
Now it was Itzy who leaned forward, and Aidan responded in kind.  Their heads inclined toward each other in conspiracy and they held their conversation in a near-whisper.
‘I think,’ he said, ‘and remember this is just what I think - I think the Wisdom is knowledge of the Creator.’
Itzy’s eyes shimmered in the low lighting of the restaurant.  ‘You mean God?’
‘Whatever ye want to call Him.’  Aidan waved his hand in the air like it was all the same to him.  ‘But I mean, knowledge of how to reach God, what His true form is, the point of life, like.  That sort of thing.’
‘And my father was trying to find that,’ she said.  ‘He wanted answers to the mysteries of the universe.’
It made sense.  After all, wasn’t that what he had devoted his life to finding?  All his archaeological exploration had been focused on the Ancients, on their mysteries, their philosophy.  The Word of God hadn’t been transcribed in thousands of years.  It didn’t matter which country you looked at, the holy books were out of date by millennia.  If one believed they were true, it seemed God’s secrets were not for the modern generation, and to unravel them, one had to look into the past.
Now was the time for Itzy to play her trump card.  ‘But you’re trying to find it, too.’
Aidan’s gaze grew suspicious, before morphing into one of surrender.  He laughed and sat back in his chair, breaking the spell they had been under.  She sat back too, wondering what was so funny about what she’d said.
The waiter chose that moment to deliver their drinks.  Itzy gulped half of hers down, while Aidan hardly noticed his.  They both pushed them to the side of the table and watched each other.  It gave her a chance to notice the way his hair brought out the colour of his eyes.  He could have made a career out of those eyes.
‘Yer right,’ he admitted.  ‘I’m trying to find it, too.’
‘But why?’ she asked.  ‘Why does it mean so much to you?’
Aidan licked his lips and reached for his drink.  He took a long, slow sip of it, before putting it aside again.
‘I don’t usually share anything personal with people,’ he said, his words coming out at a languorous pace.  ‘And I don’t know ye,’ he noted, like he was trying to remind himself of that fact.  ‘So I don’t know why I’m going to tell ye this - but I am.’
He shook his head at himself and leaned forward again, though not too close.  She remained in her place, waiting for him to speak.
‘I was adopted,’ he explained.  ‘I know everyone has their sob story about how they never felt like they fit in, blah blah.  But I really haven’t.  I look nothing like either of my parents, for one thing.  They’re both blond and bright-eyed, like.  My da is a rich businessman and my ma is a stay-at-home mum who still manages to be out of the house most of the time and left a lot of the childcare to an au pair.  I have no siblings.  They didn’t want any other children.  I don’t even know why they wanted me.’
Itzy’s eyes widened.  Not so much at his story, but at the matter-of-fact way he told it.  As if he’d almost grown used to things no one should ever grow used to.  She could relate.
Before she could comment, he continued.  ‘They told me I was adopted when I was five, and I wasn’t upset.  Aye, maybe I should have been, but even then, I thought, This explains a lot.  Because I’d never felt part of the family, like.  So it was a relief to know I wasn’t, because it meant somewhere out there -’ he pointed his finger in the general direction of the outside world, beyond the restaurant ‘- was someone I belonged with.’
His eyes lingered on her, like he expected her to understand.  And she did.
She felt like she should say something to urge him along.  ‘Do you know who your real parents are?’
He shook his head.  Wisps of his hair fell softly against his forehead.  ‘Any time I’ve ever asked my adoptive parents, they’ve dodged the question.  I don’t know if I’ll ever find out.  I may as well have dropped out of the sky, like.’
His eyes grew hard, but there was a vulnerability behind them that was endearing.
‘Anyway,’ he went on, ‘one day, I got particularly angry at them for something - I can’t remember what, now, and it’s no matter.  The point is: I made it rain, like.  And I knew it was me who’d done it.  I could feel it.  And the angrier I got inside, the more the rain fell.  Then a lightning bolt struck our back garden, just inches from my da.  And he stared at me like he knew it was me, too.’
Itzy tried to imagine her mother seeing what she could do.  ‘How did your father take it?’ she wondered.
‘He was terrified of me.’
Itzy winced, but Aidan didn’t seem to notice.
‘My ma was worse,’ he said.  ‘She’d always been distant, but now she kept well away.’
Aidan pressed his eyes shut and a strange look passed over his features.  Itzy recognised it at once, because she’d perfected it herself.  He was fighting against an emotion before it could burst out of him like the lightning he’d nearly struck his father with.
His intensity might have frightened another girl.  But Itzy found it oddly flattering that this boy felt easy enough with her to share his weakness with her.
When he’d centred himself, he opened his eyes and said, ‘I experimented with my abilities, but I managed to confine it to night hours when they wouldn’t know what I was doing.  It took a long time, like, but eventually I learned how to get it under control.  It helped that I was interested in philosophy, meditation, that sort of thing.  Aye, I always have been.  History, archaeology…you name it.’
He took a breath.  ‘So I dug around, did some research, like.  Then, about a year ago, I came across the Crop Circle Connector.  Most of them are just interested in the subject.  Some are a wee bit cracked in the head, so they are.  But some…are Descendants.  And they told me things.  Mad things, aye, but for the first time in my life, I felt like I might be getting some answers.’  His eyes glittered at the thought.
‘Answers,’ Itzy echoed.  ‘It didn’t raise yet more questions?’
Aidan grinned, and Itzy felt ridiculously pleased to have been the cause of his positive shift in mood.  ‘Aye,’ he said.  ‘But it was a little like being diagnosed with a disease.  It doesn’t cure anything - but at least ye know what’s wrong.’
Itzy chewed her lip.  ‘Is that how you think of it?  As something wrong with you?’
He shrugged.  ‘Maybe.  Maybe not.  That’s the whole point.  Ya asked me why it means so much to me to find the Wisdom.  Well, I’ve spent my whole life searching for the source of my existence.  If I can find the Wisdom…maybe I’ll learn why I’m here at all.’
He fell suddenly silent, his eyes searching hers for a reaction.  For once, Itzy felt she might be the one who was unreadable.  Perhaps it was because she wasn’t sure what she was feeling, herself.
Itzy cleared her throat.  ‘Thank you for sharing that,’ she said, aware of how lame it sounded.  ‘I mean…I don’t know what to say.  Except….’
‘Except?’  He hung onto her words, the trace of a smile playing on his lips.
‘Except, I know what it’s like to feel disconnected from your parents,’ she found herself telling him.  His moment of transparency had left her feeling she should return the gesture, and this was her way of doing it.  ‘I don’t know what you thought of my father when you spoke to him, but whatever he seemed like, that was only half the picture.’
‘That’s usually the case,’ Aidan said softly.
His sympathy seemed genuine.  In fact, it seemed like empathy.  She realised every part of her was screaming out to share herself with this boy.  She wanted to tell him every secret thought she’d ever had, show him every pain she’d ever felt, and have him melt it all away the way he had the cold in the room and the gashes in the jumper and in his face.  She wondered if he could transmute sorrow into something brilliant and beautiful meant to be held in the light and admired.
She thought maybe he could.
‘My father…,’ she said, ‘…he wasn’t much of a father to me.  Well, half the time he was.  But the other half…I don’t know what he was.  I’d say he turned into a stranger, except it’s not true, you know?  That other side of him became familiar, as much as I wish it hadn’t.  So….’  She let her words linger and gain poignancy.  ‘I wished him away.’
Aidan’s eyes took on a new light, as recognition struck him.  ‘Ya do have a power,’ he whispered.  Her head moved slowly up and down in assent.  ‘Then…what would it be?’
She took a breath before confessing her secret.  ‘I’m a writer.’
She didn’t have to say anymore; the expression he wore told her he understood everything.  ‘Ya wrote something,’ he said, jumping on the implications of her words, ‘and it came true, like.  Ya got rid of yer own da.’
Itzy immediately grew defensive.  ‘It wasn’t like that.  You don’t know what he became.  He used to do things to us, especially my mother.  He would beat her and throw things at her and hurl her into the walls or the furniture.  He turned into a monster no one could reason with.  And the saddest part of all was after it was over, he wouldn’t remember what he’d done.  You could tell he’d somehow managed to block it all out.’
At first, Aidan seemed overwhelmed by her speech.  Itzy couldn’t be sure, but she thought he looked conflicted, like her portrayal of her father didn’t gel with the image he had of the man and he didn’t want to believe her.
Then Aidan reached across the table and took her hand in his.  His fingers were strong and masculine, not slender like Seth’s or delicate like Ashley’s.  She found herself wondering what it would feel like to have them on her face, or perhaps at her lips.
‘I’m not judging ye,’ he assured her, his voice low.  ‘I was just surprised, like.’
She mouthed oh, but said nothing.  She was too aware that he still hadn’t let go of her, too aware of the heat radiating from his fingertips as they pressed her hand in reassurance.
‘Does yer ma know?’ he asked.  ‘What ye did, I mean.’
Itzy shook her head.  The thin sliver of ponytail swished side to side at the back of her head.  ‘I don’t think so.  How would she ever guess such a thing?’
Aidan searched her eyes for something, found it and said, ‘Ya feel guilty about making him leave.’
‘No,’ she protested.  ‘Why would I?  I - I did the right thing.  We couldn’t go on living that way anymore.  He would have killed her - I couldn’t sleep or concentrate in school because I was so worried all the time over what might be happening while I wasn’t there to keep an eye on things.  I was just a little girl, Aidan.’
It was the first time since they’d met that she’d said his name.  It came out more familiar than either of them expected it to, as if they had known each other for years.  She thought she caught a spark glinting in his eyes when he heard her speak those fateful syllables.
‘Besides,’ she added, ‘I didn’t know what I was doing when it happened.  I couldn’t control it, then.’
‘Aye,’ he agreed, unthinkingly rubbing the knuckles of her hand with his fingers.  A dizzying rush surged up her arms like cold water.  ‘It wasn’t yer fault at all.  I know that.  But I don’t think you really do.  Not deep down, like.’
Was that true?  She felt so confused.  She’d never felt so stripped back and exposed before someone.  Even when she was with Ash, he never pried.  He always waited for her to speak, when she was ready.  So did Seth, for that matter.
But Aidan didn’t wait.  He saw something and pounced on it, regardless of how much it hurt.  But she didn’t think he meant it to be cruel.  In fact, he didn’t seem able to help it.
She was stunned to realise that all the time she’d thought Ash had shown understanding, he hadn’t.  He had simply been comforting her, supporting her.  Aidan was trying to understand.
And she wanted to help him to do it.
‘I guess,’ she said in a small voice, ‘I’ve always felt bad about what the divorce did to my mum.  She never recovered.  She started drinking away the thoughts, then drinking herself to sleep, and now it’s rare to see her sober.  It’s been seven years,’ she noted through gritted teeth.  ‘But it’s never got any better.’
The waiter returned then, severing their arms by laying their pizzas on the table.  They both looked at the food as if they had forgotten they were in a restaurant.
When they were alone again, Itzy cut up her pizza and took a bite.  She made a face.  ‘It’s a bit dry.’
Aidan grinned at her and blinked.  ‘Try it now,’ he said.
She did, and found it had moistened; the sauce had thickened.  ‘Ta,’ she said, realising what he’d done.
‘I told ye.  Sometimes it’s useful, like.’
She laughed loudly at this.  It was a relief to find something light-hearted about the evening.  She pointed her fork at him.  ‘I love it.  Using magical powers to make pizza taste better.’
‘There are worse causes,’ he said, before laughing himself.  
It was a musical laugh, which surprised her.  It wasn’t what she’d expected after listening to him speak so breathily.  Something inside her unlocked when she heard it and she felt herself unravel.  
‘You should laugh more,’ Itzy told him.  ‘You could do with being less serious.’
Aidan lifted an eyebrow at her.  ‘Would ye be telling me to relax?’
‘I guess I am,’ she said through a smile.  ‘Come on, what do you like to do for fun?’
‘Driving,’ he said immediately.
‘For fun?’
Aidan nodded with vigour.  ‘Aye, there’s nothing like it.  Do ye know how?’
She shook her head.
‘It’s the best thing I ever learned to do,’ he said.
‘Alright,’ she said.  ‘Anything else?’
‘I love reading,’ he told her.  ‘Ya know, archaeology, history.  That sort of thing.’
‘Uh-huh.’  She took a bite of her pizza and waited for him to keep going.
He dangled his fork in the air as he considered her question.  ‘I told ye I practise meditation.  Oh, and tai chi.  Aye, I do that, too,’ he rattled off like he was composing his own personals ad.  ‘And I love music.  Especially when driving.’  His eyes seemed to wink at her and she smiled at him.
Itzy cut up another piece of pizza and chewed it thoughtfully.  ‘Do you ever do anything with other people?’ she wondered.
Aidan opened his mouth to contradict her, and then he laughed, shaking his head.  ‘Not really.  I’ve always been a bit homely, me.’
Itzy laughed in return.  ‘You are anything but homely.’
‘Oh?  How would ye describe me, then?’
She thought she ought to feel shy about this, but she didn’t.  ‘Probably a little dangerous,’ she told him.
She checked his reaction to this.  He impassively ate his pizza, waiting for her to add to the list of adjectives.
‘But that’s just on the surface, isn’t it?  I think there’s a lot of intensity in there -’ she pointed at his chest with her fork ‘- but also a lot of gentleness.  I think you’re hard for most people to get to know, but when they do…it’s probably worth it.’
He swallowed a mouthful of pizza and regarded her.  
‘You look disappointed,’ she noted.
‘I was expecting ye to say I was gorgeous,’ he teased.
She rolled her eyes.  ‘Oh, right.  Well, I thought you wanted to hear something you didn’t already know.’
Was this really her?  Was she really acting this way?  She hadn’t even flirted this much when she was with Ash.
But everything with Aidan just felt so easy.
Before she knew what she was doing, she said, ‘So go on, me next.  How would you describe me?’
‘Beautiful,’ he said without thinking.
She wondered if he caught the way she gasped when he said it, the second time in an hour.  If so, he didn’t show it.  He just kept talking.
‘And intelligent.  And I think there must be a lot going on in that head of yers, but ye keep most of it to yerself, inside, like.  I think yer a more interesting person than ye let people think.’
Itzy couldn’t help herself.  Her eyes danced with emotion, and her voice dropped as she asked, ‘What are you doing after this?’
‘Nothing,’ he said, ‘that I know of.’  His tone changed, but she couldn’t work out what it meant.
‘You wanna do something after this?’ she asked.  She was shaking.  She wasn’t sure if it was at the thought that might turn her down, or that he might say yes.
She may as well face it: she was already fantasising about having him pressed close to her in a dark room, dancing maybe, his arms around her, his hands in her hair, his face edging toward hers.  She’d never felt this way before, and definitely not so swiftly after meeting someone.  For months she had thought no one could ever replace Ash.  And she supposed no one could.  But this was new - not a replacement, just something else.  Something bigger.
Maybe something better.
To her great disappointment, Aidan didn’t appear to share her fantasy.
‘I’m sorry,’ he said, drawing back.  His whole persona seemed to have changed; Aidan Carnegie was closed for business.  He quickly gobbled up a whole slice of pizza and then washed it down with Sprite.
‘No,’ Itzy said, hoping she didn’t sound as deflated as she felt.  ‘I’m sorry.  I…I misjudged things.’
He smiled at her, and she felt warm all over.  ‘Ya didn’t,’ he told her.  ‘It’s just…I already have someone.’
All at once, the air went out of her.  She had been a balloon escaping its tethers and soaring into the sky.  Now, someone stuck a pin in the balloon and watched sadistically as it plummeted into unfamiliar landscape.
‘This wasn’t a date,’ she said in a flat voice.
‘It wasn’t meant to be,’ he said.  ‘In fact….’
He dropped his fork and raked his fingers through his brown hair.  Only it wasn’t just brown to her anymore.  Now it was the colour of the bark on the horse chestnut trees that lined her street, rich with undertones she hadn’t noticed the first time she saw him outside of her dreams; it was beautiful.  Such was the nature of infatuation, a state she was dangerously close to walking into.  
Then he let the penny drop.  ‘I only asked ye to meet me here because I thought maybe ye’d know something about the Wisdom.  Maybe ye were playing dumb and yer da had told ye things he never told me, or…yer brother?’
So that was what it came down to.  He had been using her.
But that was okay because - 
‘I was only using you, too,’ she said, stunning him.  ‘Oz said I should see what you knew, find out why you made the crop circles.’
Aidan’s eyes flared wide.  ‘Ya figured that out?’  A memory flashed across his face.  ‘The Energy Sensor.  Yer da had one of those, he did.  That’s how he worked it out, too.’
She jumped on the information.  ‘He knew?  But his journal - he said it was a message from the Ancients.’
‘Aye, he thought that, at first,’ he told her.  ‘That’s why he went there.  Then he met me, and…ya know the rest.’  He sounded like he was bored with the subject.  In fact, he sounded bored with everything.
‘But how did you make the patterns?’ Itzy wondered.  ‘The crops - they didn’t even look damaged.’
Aidan chewed his lower lip.  ‘I really am sorry Verdi got so carried away with ye,’ he said, confusing her.  ‘It wasn’t my idea, like.  I saw the Sensor in yer brother’s hand.  I heard the way yous were talking.  I thought you’d defend yerself.  I couldn’t believe ye didn’t have any powers.  Then I saw yer face when the corn grabbed ye, and I realised ye had no idea what to do.  I tried to make him stop, I did, but Verdi’s biggest problem is he never listens.  I promise I hadn’t planned to hurt ye.’
She could tell he meant this.  She could only guess who Verdi was, but the most important thing was it had never been Aidan who meant to harm her.  And Itzy realised that in his own way, Aidan had answered her question.
He leaned back in his chair.  It made a soft creaking sound.  ‘So we were both playing a little game with each other, then,’ he summed up the evening.
Except he was wrong.  Because that was how it had started, yes, but that wasn’t what it had become.  It had all changed - at least, for her, it had.  Had it changed for him?
‘It’s okay,’ he said, finally.  ‘Like I said, I have Melody.  And this has been…interesting.’
That wasn’t how Itzy would have described it.  Despite the tough voice Aidan used, he seemed to have shrunk.  He wasn’t the confident boy she’d first met, at all.  He’d bared his secrets to her and was now reacting to what he thought was betrayal, forgetting he had betrayed her too.
‘Aidan,’ she tried, but when she saw his eyes, they were stony and expressionless.
‘Forget it,’ he said in the calmest voice he could manage.  ‘Let’s just eat and go, alright?  We got what we came here for.’
She winced as though she’d been slapped.  ‘Okay,’ she said, struggling to control the emotion bubbling up inside her.  When she looked back at the pizza, she found she’d lost her appetite, but she forced herself to finish as much as she could so her behaviour didn’t fall under analysis.  Aidan sped through the rest of the meal, eager to leave.
When the bill came, he paid for both of them without a word.  They left the restaurant more like strangers than when they had first gone in.  Had that really only been an hour ago?  It felt like a hundred years had passed in that private corner.
‘G’bye,’ he said without ceremony.  
‘Bye,’ she echoed.
Then he was power-walking up the South Bank, his hands stuffed in his pockets, and disappearing in the crowd.
TWENTY-ONE
The irony was that Melody’s speaking voice was anything but melodious.  In fact, it was slightly nasal, and when Aidan returned home that evening, it took on a screechy tone that reminded him of an angry grandmother.  It wasn’t sexy.
She’d brushed out her hair.  Without all the product, it lay flat over her head, and he had time to reflect that he preferred it that way.  He wished she would stop trying to make herself look like something else and start being Melody.
When they first met, he had loved the spirit with which she had confessed the secret of her power.  He knew she didn’t think it had affected him, but it had.  Because that had been the first moment he felt like he belonged somewhere.  At last, he had found a connection to another human being.
Unfortunately, their relationship had always worked better at a distance.  It was easy to imagine you were in love with someone when you didn’t have to see them every day and witness all their annoying habits.  Living with someone was hard work, and more and more he was unsure if he’d made the right decision in coming down to stay with Melody.
He was especially unhappy with the Verdi situation.  In living with his girlfriend, he had gained a brother-in-law, and Verdi wasn’t someone he would have chosen to include in his family.  Verdi was useful, yes.  His ability to manipulate plants meant he could bend back the crops without breaking them.
But he was also impossible to control and was constantly crashing at Melody’s flat after yet another fight with their father.  He was a spoilt rich teenager with entitlement issues and a bad temper.  Like his sister, he’d never worked out how to merge his two halves.
Now Verdi sat in their lounge, playing on the XBOX, as usual, and shouting obscenities at virtual players as they shot him down.  Meanwhile, Melody was having one of her rants.  She had them a lot, lately.  Aidan thought if someone decided to move in with you, you’d feel less insecure and jealous.  But it didn’t seem to work that way, in practice.  And it wasn’t just since this Itzel Loveguard thing; Melody had been hysterical and possessive almost the day he’d stepped over the threshold of her flat.
‘I knew there was more to it,’ she was now crying - actually crying.  She did that a lot, too.  Aidan used to feel inclined to comfort her when she got in these states.  Now it just irritated him.  That was how he was starting to think of their life together: in terms of then and now.
‘What d’ye mean?’ he said, his tone exasperated.
She sniffed.  ‘I knew you felt something for her.  You don’t want me anymore, do you?’
Aidan closed his eyes and counted to five before reopening them and saying, in a bland voice, ‘Of course I do.’
Did he?
Melody laughed darkly.  ‘You’re such a liar.  You always have been.’
He narrowed his pewter eyes at her.  ‘Excuse me?’
‘Saying you love me,’ she scoffed.  ‘I should have known you were only using me.’
‘Using ye for what, exactly?’ he demanded.
She shot him a hostile look that read, you know.  Except he didn’t.  But he also didn’t feel particularly desperate to find out.
‘I’m taking myself to bed,’ he announced, an edge creeping into his voice.  When she started following him, he said, ‘No.  Not tonight.  Just…give me space.’  He had said that almost every night for the last three weeks.
Melody sank back as if he had struck her.  Then her tears flowed faster.  She groped for the wall, in a fit of drama.  It used to do something to him, seeing her like that.  But not now.  Now he just felt tired.  Tired of her, tired of Verdi, tired of everything.
Aidan went into their shared bedroom and shut the door.  Not for the first time, he wished they had installed a lock on it.  He used to wish it so Verdi would stop walking in on them when they were together.  Now he wanted to keep Melody from coming into her own room.
See?  Then and now.
And that was all it had ever really been, he realised.  Her room.  Her flat.  He was helping her pay for things with money from the trust fund his adoptive parents had set up for him as a baby, but it was still her home, not his.  She had chosen it before he ever came to London.
Everything about it smacked of Melody - the deep pink curtains on the bedroom window, the matching duvet, the stuffed elephant on her side of the bed; the salt and pepper shakers in the kitchen in the shapes of cartoon characters that were nostalgic of a childhood he had never shared; the flower-patterned sofa in the lounge; the plant pots in the window - none of it was him.  
He dropped onto the bed and folded his arms behind his head.  He found himself wondering what Itzy’s room might look like.  He couldn’t picture it being as girly, though she didn’t strike him as a tomboy either.  There was just…more to her.  
He felt awful about the way he had ended things between them.  He wished he could have said what he’d really been feeling.  In his head, he said it to her now:
Ya surprised me.  I didn’t expect to find myself looking at ye this way.  I don’t want to say no to ye.  I just can’t do that to Melody.  And I can’t do that to you.  I can’t be that fella.  
Because he’d never been unfaithful to anyone, even in thought.  He’d watched his father do it to the only mother Aidan had ever known.  That was one of the things that made Aidan glad they weren’t his real parents, because he hated the thought of being the product of such a man.
Aidan had little experience with girls.  His private school back home had been an all boys’ school.  Melody was the first girl he’d ever been allowed to look at that way.  Perhaps that was why he had convinced himself it was love; he simply hadn’t known any better.  He hadn’t so much as looked at another girl the way he looked at his girl.  
Until now.
That was the worst part: not being able to tell Melody she was right.  
Of course, that wasn’t the only secret he was keeping.  The reason he’d given Melody for wanting to meet Itzy had been an excuse.  And he’d lied to Itzy when he said he only asked to see her to find out information.  It wasn’t premeditated; the falsehood had flown out of him when she told him why she was there.  He’d felt hurt and defensive.  How could he have told her the truth then?  
He drew his mobile out of his pocket and opened Itzy’s Facebook page.  The profile picture showed her pulling a face at the camera.  Even then, he had to admit Stephen had been right: she was beautiful.
He sighed and tossed his phone aside.  
‘Help me, Stephen,’ he whispered to the memory of a man he’d only known briefly, and yet somehow he had become integral to Aidan’s life.  ‘Ya said I’d find her, and ye were right.  So what am I meant to do now?’
* * *
‘I can’t believe you went on a date and didn’t tell me!’ Devon scolded her the following morning.  They were in Itzy’s room, while her mother struggled through a day at work.  The summer wouldn’t last much longer.  Soon the girls would be returning for their final year of college, and it would grow cold and gloomy.  Itzy wondered if her mood would fade with the sunlight.
‘It didn’t turn out to be a date,’ Itzy reminded her.
‘Rubbish,’ Devon pronounced.
‘You know,’ said Itzy, ‘I hadn’t expected you to be so enthusiastic about me seeing him, after…what happened.’
Devon flicked her long hair over her shoulder.  ‘I wasn’t, when Ash first told me what you were doing.  But it sounds like maybe we misjudged him.  That friend of his, on the other hand.’  She shuddered.  ‘What a creep.   Hey,’ she changed tracks, ‘do you think that girl with them was his girlfriend?’
‘Melody,’ Itzy said.  ‘And maybe.’
There was a ringing sound from downstairs: the doorbell.
‘Ugh,’ Itzy grunted.  She pulled herself off the bed they were sitting on.  ‘That’ll be Seth and Oz, wanting to know what happened.’
She’d called Devon over earlier so she could run through all the details she thought mattered, and now she would have to go through it again covering the things she didn’t care about anymore.
She hopped to her feet and headed downstairs to open the door for them.  Oz was dressed from head to toe in black, which didn’t surprise her.  Seth, on the other hand, wore a bright blue t-shirt in a seeming bid to inspire the sky, over dark jeans and bright white trainers.  Everything about him was so perfect.  Not like Aidan, who looked clean and together, but with a hint of catastrophe about him that gave him an edge.
Stop it! she commanded herself.  She couldn’t go comparing the two of them every time she saw Seth.  
‘Itz!’ Seth greeted her.  Mixed with his smile was relief.  ‘You’re still here.  That’s good.’
Her mouth straightened into a perplexed smirk.  ‘What did you expect?’ she asked.  ‘That he’d eaten me?’
‘Hm,’ said Seth, seriously considering this new idea.  She fake-punched him in the arm and he pretended it hurt.
‘Come inside,’ she told them.
They took off their shoes and followed her upstairs, waving at Devon as they came into her room.  Oz sat at his sister’s desk; Seth sat on the floor, against a wall; and Itzy returned to her original place next to Devon on the bed.  
Oz’s eyes scanned the room, slowly taking in its personality overload.  ‘So how’d it go?’ he began things as calmly as he could, but it was clear he’d been driven mad with curiosity all night.  Seth looked like he might have been driven mad with something else.
Itzy shrugged.  ‘I don’t know what to tell you.  It’s not what we thought.  He doesn’t know much.  It seems he was just trying to do what our dad was.’
‘Which was?’ Oz pumped her for information.
‘Find the Wisdom.’
Seth and Oz both did an intake of breath.  
Then Seth said, ‘Why does he want it?’  He said he like he was talking about something disgusting he didn’t want to touch.
‘I can’t tell you,’ Itzy said.
The boys exchanged a look, before turning it on her.
‘Why not?’ Seth asked.
Itzy reflected that if this had been three weeks ago, she might have felt nervous about holding her ground.  But a lot had happened in those three weeks.  And no matter how desultory, the feelings Aidan had inspired in her were special.  Even if Aidan wasn’t the one, the experience had taught her that neither was Ash.  
So she said, ‘I just can’t, alright?’  She could feel Devon watching her.  Devon would understand.
‘You just can’t,’ Seth repeated.  The words were like acid in Itzy’s ears.  She’d never heard him sound so bitter.
Oz’s voice was friendlier, albeit baffled.  ‘Itzy, what’s wrong?  What happened?’
‘Nothing happened,’ she said.  She played with a lock of her hair and fidgeted her toes.  ‘It’s just…it’s his personal business.  It’s not my place to share it, yeah?  But I can promise you I know he was being honest with me, and he’s not up to anything dodgy.  At least, no more than our father was,’ she added.
For a moment, no one spoke.  Then Seth said, ‘I can’t believe you bought whatever lines he fed you.’
Itzy flinched.
Oz surprised them all by defending her.  ‘That’s my sister,’ he said.  ‘Watch what you’re saying.’
The two friends glared at each other like cats, each one daring the other to look away first.  Seth lost.
‘Seth, they weren’t lines,’ Itzy insisted.
‘How can you be so sure?’ Seth retorted.
Itzy’s calm fled, replaced with frustration and irritation with his obstinacy.  ‘I just am.  Can’t you trust me on this?’
Now it was Itzy’s turn to have a staring contest with him - and he lost that one too.
‘I’m going home,’ he decided.
‘But you just got here,’ Devon pointed out.
‘Yeah, well.’  He jumped to his feet and started to leave.
Itzy closed her eyes and sighed.  ‘Seth.’
He ignored her and headed out the door and down the stairs.  Then she was on her feet too, chasing after him.  Her feet made the wooden floorboards of the stairs creak.  Downstairs, she caught him by the arm and spun him around so they faced each other.  
‘Hey,’ she said, ‘what’s the matter with you?’
He looked askance and shook his head, before letting his eyes return to hers.  ‘You have to ask me that?’  He sounded so hurt, it took the wind out of her.
‘I don’t understand,’ she said.  ‘We’re just friends, right?  I mean….’  She shifted on her feet.  ‘You basically told me it couldn’t happen.’
Seth threw his hands in the air in frustration.  ‘Yes.  Because of Ash.  Because you were still in love with your ex-boyfriend.  I didn’t want to be some rebound thing your heart wasn’t really in.’  His chest rose and fell in quick, heavy breaths.  When he spoke again, he lowered his voice, aware that Oz and Devon were probably eavesdropping upstairs.  ‘But now it’s different.  In a day, you seem to be over Ash - don’t pretend it’s not true, because it’s written all over your face.  You’ve fallen for someone new.  And it’s not me.’
It was the closest he’d come to admitting he didn’t just fancy her, but actually felt something serious for her.  He seemed so different, now - helpless.  Itzy didn’t like it.  The image she’d built up in her head of him was strong and cocky, untouchable.  That Seth made her feel safe and secure.  This Seth made her feel like the power was all hers and she could do whatever she wanted to him, and he would just let her.  It was scary.
Her mother’s advice echoed in her ears: don’t ever leave yourself feeling unbalanced.
She stepped away from Seth.  ‘I’m sorry,’ she said, her voice soft but resolved.  ‘I can’t help the way I feel.’
He rubbed his temple.  ‘Don’t,’ he said.  ‘Please.  I know you can’t, but…it doesn’t make it any easier.’  He leaned down and put on his shoes.  As he tied them, he laughed bitter-sweetly and said, ‘You know, sometimes I wish I had no conscience.  Then maybe I could paint your face to look at me the way you look when you talk about him.’
Before Itzy could respond to this, he stood and opened the door, and he left.
There was a creaking sound, and Itzy turned to see Devon and Oz both watching her from the stairs, their faces sad.
It was Oz who came to her first.  He put his arms around her in a way she hoped he might do again, might always do when she needed him.  She nestled into his embrace and tried to focus on the soothing sound of his heart beating.
‘Who knew my sister was such a heartbreaker?’ Oz teased as he rested his chin on the top of her head.
She laughed against him.  ‘Well, I do have the shirt,’ she mumbled into his clothing, and he laughed too.
‘Give him time, yeah?’ Oz said.  His hand smoothed down her hair, reminding her of a Loving Stephen moment, when she’d fallen off her bicycle and grazed her knee on the pavement.  ‘He’ll get over it.’
Itzy knew this was true, but she still couldn’t blot the image of his disappointment out of her mind.  It was ridiculous, too, because Seth was the one person she could have.
Then, all at once, Seth’s face vanished from her mind and all she could see was Aidan; all she could hear was Aidan telling her his story.  She saw the poetry of his hands mending the fabric of his jumper.  She heard him saying she was beautiful.  Most of all, she saw his grey hungry eyes, just like they had looked in her dreams, when they had leapt out of the shadows and reached to touch her with their stare.
‘So what now?’ Devon asked, coming up to them.
Oz pulled away from his sister, though he left his arm around her shoulder and let her lean against him.  ‘What do you mean?’
‘The Wisdom thing?’ she reminded them both.  ‘Are we back to square one?  And what is the Wisdom, anyway?’
Itzy cleared her throat and said, ‘Aidan thinks it’s the meaning of life.  Or something like that.’
Devon arched one of her faint eyebrows.  ‘That’s a little heavy.  So this is like a Holy Grail sort of thing?  How do you know when you’ve found it?’
Her companions blinked in response.
‘It doesn’t sound like something you can touch,’ she pointed out.
They both considered this.  ‘It’s always been a vague idea to me,’ Oz told her.  ‘I’ve never really understood it.  I suppose Aidan and our father were hoping to ask the Ancients.’
‘Why would they know?’ Devon wondered.
‘Because,’ said Itzy, now stepping away from her brother and leaning back against the wall, ‘every holy book ever written was written thousands of years ago, right?  So if anyone knows the truth, it’s the Ancients.’
‘How ancient are they?’ Devon asked.  ‘Would the original writers still be alive?’
Oz shook his head.  ‘I doubt it.  But they might have a clearer lineage.  We’ve been diluted, if you think about it.  Itzy wasn’t told where she came from, and I was kept in the dark about a lot of things.  If we hadn’t developed these powers of ours, we could’ve gone to our graves not knowing the truth.  But the Ancients might be different.  They would be the pure race, the ones who didn’t mate with humans.’
Devon pointed at him.  ‘You do realise how creepy that sounds, don’t you?’
He nodded, the trace of a smile on his lips.
Oz turned his attention to his sister.  ‘Itzy, did you find out how they made the patterns?’
She’d almost forgotten about that.  ‘Yes,’ she said, pleased to be able to contribute something useful, at last.  ‘It was Verdi.’
‘The composer?’ Oz said.
She laughed.  ‘No.  Remember the younger boy in the field?’
‘The one the brave Aidan knocked senseless and said was responsible for hurting you?’ Oz recalled.  The pieces clicked into place.  ‘Can he control plants or something?’
‘I think so,’ said Itzy.
‘I feel like there’s a joke in there, about being one with nature,’ Devon remarked.
Itzy smiled at her friend, before she looked back at her brother.  ‘Do you think those energy readings could’ve been registering Verdi, and not Aidan?’
Oz shrugged.  ‘Maybe.  Hard to say.  I’m not exactly an expert with that thing, and if they were together…maybe it was a mix.’
‘So what can Aidan do?’ Devon asked the crucial question.  ‘Verdi’s plant boy, Melody’s the musical mood genie, and he’s…?’
Oz shot her a quizzical look that read, Melody?
‘He controls the elements,’ Itzy recited.  ‘Like last night, right?  I was cold and he made it warm.’  She was aware she was blushing.
‘How romantic,’ Oz said dryly.  ‘Is that why we were all choking that day?’
She’d forgotten about that.  ‘Probably,’ she said meekly.  Then she remembered something.  ‘That’s why the plants let go of me.  I remember they just stopped, and I couldn’t figure out why, and then I was choking.  He must have meant it for Verdi.’
‘Quite a dramatic way to save you,’ Oz observed.  When he saw the look on her face, he added, ‘I’m not trying to criticise him.  I’m just saying…maybe be a little careful, here.  Seth may be jealous, but he also has a point.  I mean, if that’s what he does to his enemies….’
Itzy didn’t want to hear it.  She knew it was stupid and utterly unlike her, but she wanted the conversation to end so she could go back to the fantasy she had already started building in her head, against her better judgment.
But he was her brother.  And after all those years, there he was, giving her advice, worrying about her, just like she’d always wished someone would.
So she swallowed her childish protestations and nodded at him in assent.  He rewarded her with an approving smile that she recognised from photographs of herself, and that she knew came from their father.
The doorbell rang and made them all jump.  When Itzy answered, she found Ash standing on her doorstep.  He looked so human, it was strange.  She never thought she’d live to see the day when Ashley Morgan seemed like just an ordinary boy.
She swallowed back her anxiety.  ‘Hiya,’ she greeted Ash.  ‘What are you doing here?’ 
‘Looking for Devon.’  He looked around her, into the house, and spotted his girlfriend.  ‘We’re meant to be going to a film,’ he said.  ‘Hey, are you aware the moodiest looking bloke just left your house a minute ago?  I saw him from up the road and when he passed me, he gave me the weirdest look, like he knew me and didn’t like me.’
Itzy blanched with embarrassment, but thankfully, Devon saved her.  She rushed past Oz and stood beside Ash, planting a cautious kiss on his cheek.  It seemed she still didn’t feel comfortable bestowing affection upon him in front of Itzy.  It probably didn’t help that Seth had all but shouted that Itzy had still been hung up on Ash until last night.
Noticing Oz, Ash waved at him and whispered to Itzy, ‘Is that your brother.’
Oz joined them at the doorway.  ‘You whisper loud,’ he said, ‘and yes, it is.’
‘Sorry,’ Ash said sheepishly.  ‘It’s nice to meet you.’  He extended his hand to shake, and Oz reciprocated, though he shot a look at his sister that made her turn away to stifle a giggle.  ‘Maybe some time I’ll get a chance to get to know you,’ Ash continued the formalities.
‘Maybe,’ Oz said, sounding like it was all the same to him if they ever saw each other again or not.
Devon touched Itzy’s shoulder.  ‘You alright?’ she asked.
Itzy smiled.  ‘Sure.  Have fun.’
She couldn’t think what else to say.  The scene struck her as comical.  It was clear they were all trying very hard to act natural, an oxymoron if she’d ever heard one.
‘Alright,’ said Devon.  ‘Bye, then.’
‘Yeah, bye,’ Ash added, before they turned and left.
Itzy closed the door behind them and spun around to see Oz had gone into the lounge.  She followed him in and sat beside him on the sofa, tossing a leftover bedroom pillow onto the floor in annoyance.  Oz had their father’s journal on his lap.  
‘Still trying to decode his last words?’ Itzy guessed.
Oz sighed and handed her the book.  ‘Last page with writing.  You should probably read it.  Maybe you’ll catch something I’ve missed.’
She eyed him in her periphery, before she opened the book.  There it was again, that old familiar handwriting she had grown up with.  It was hard to see; it resurrected so many memories, so many emotions.  She held the book sideways and thumbed back the pages, letting them fall away, until she saw the writing disappear.  She backtracked to the last page Stephen had ever written in the journal.

I was wrong.  All this time, I thought they would know, but they’re just as in the dark as we were.  It’s not there at all.  It’s here - on Earth.  The Wisdom has been here, all along, but only one person can use it.  And that person has no idea.
Do I tell them?
I’ve waited so long to know the truth of where we come from.  Now that I do, it’s not what I expected.  I don’t know how to feel about it.  I feel like the butt of a lifelong joke.  I am the creation of a God who didn’t know He was creating me.  I wonder how much of my life has been my choice and how much was out of my control.  All the things I regret - were they ever truly my fault?
I’ve attracted too much attention.  It was what I wanted, yes, but now that I know the truth…I should never have wanted it.  They will stop at nothing to get the Wisdom.  I fear for the child who holds it.  God forgive me for what I have brought on us all.

As before, there was a break in the writing, and lower down it read:

‘God forgive me.’
Here I am, still believing that holds meaning.  How can I be forgiven by a God who made me do what I’ve been doing?  Why should I need forgiveness?
Except I do.  I do, because when they come for us, I can’t say what they’ll do.  All I know is it won’t be good.

Itzy snapped the book shut, making her brother jump.  She handed it back to him and said, ‘This is rubbish.  I don’t know what he thought he was on about, but none of it was sensible.  It can’t be.’
Oz regarded her carefully with his eyes, which matched hers so well.  ‘That’s what I thought, too.  At first.’
‘At first,’ she echoed.  ‘You can’t be serious.  You knew our father.  He was insane.  He had split personalities.  He can’t be trusted, even now he’s gone.’
She’d said it out loud: he was gone.  Yes, Stephen Loveguard was gone.
So why didn’t he feel gone?  How was he still managing to meddle with her life?
‘I know,’ Oz agreed, ‘but what if we’re wrong?  If we really are in as much danger as he thought, should we just turn a blind eye to it all?  What if it comes back to bite us?’
Don’t let them get my children, Stephen had said.  Those had been his final words as he left the Earth that had reared him.  The question had always remained:
Don’t let who get them?
‘The Ancients,’ she said, her eyes dancing.
‘Yes,’ he said.  ‘The Ancients are coming back.  And according to our father…that’s not a good thing.’
TWENTY-TWO
When Aidan awoke, he rolled his head sideways and saw Melody sleeping in her usual place beside him.  Her hair was splayed across the pillow and her mouth was parted.  She was snoring.  He’d hoped he would start to find that cute, one day, but that day had yet to come.
His head returned to centre and he stared up at the ceiling.  It was a dull creamy colour artexed to look like oyster shells.  It was the nicest thing about the room.  He’d never bothered to leave his mark on the place.  He supposed, in a way, that was a sign that he’d only ever thought of the flat as just one of many stopping points on the journey.  He had the car, but he didn’t have a home of his own.  It could be seen as symbolic.
Where would he go next?  Melody had brought him to London, but there was nothing else tying him there.
But that wasn’t true, was it?  Because it hadn’t just been Melody that had inspired him to hijack the car and leave.  It had been something more, something inside him that he’d never been able to name.  He had been drawn south by a dream, by an instinct he couldn’t explain, just as he was now being drawn to the Loveguard girl.  He didn’t know why, but he thought maybe the two were part of the same thing.
Maybe because the dreams had stopped when he met her.
He would have to end things with Melody.  He knew that, now.  If he was capable of feeling things for Itzy, he probably shouldn’t be with Melody.  He dreaded the break-up scene, though.
Melody murmured in her sleep.  She didn’t sound happy.  Even unconscious, she seemed to flit from mood to mood.  She was so hard to tame.
Oh well.  It wouldn’t be his problem much longer.  
Aidan slid out of the bed, taking care not to wake her.  Under the bed was a black suitcase filled with his things, all he had brought with him from his childhood home.  He opened it and went around the room, collecting anything that was his and placing it in the suitcase.  Half his stuff was already in there; he’d always refused to use the furniture Melody offered to share with him.  He supposed a part of him had always known it wouldn’t last.
He went into the bathroom and retrieved his toothbrush.  He found a book of his on a shelf in the lounge.  And that was that.  There was nothing else to do but tell Melody.
He waited.
An hour passed before she woke up.  When she saw him, she sat up in alarm.  He was dressed in his ‘invisible’ outfit, that grey tracksuit that almost matched his eyes.  He already had his trainers on.
‘What’s happening?’ she asked, her voice alert.
‘I’m leaving,’ he announced with frightening simplicity.
Her mouth dropped open.  ‘What?’
He shook his head like she should know better.  ‘This isn’t working,’ he said.  ‘You and me…we were good at a distance, like.  But we’re not good now.’
Melody grabbed his arm like she was groping for a wall to steady her and keep her from falling.  ‘You can’t do this,’ she said.
Aidan arched one of his dark eyebrows at her.
Then she closed her eyes, the act of a desperate young woman.  He could hear the singing in his head, the beautiful, hypnotising singing that would have sent anyone else into a vulnerable state.  But it had never worked on him.
‘Stop,’ he said, unable to keep the irritation out of his voice.
She flinched as if she’d been hit, and she obeyed.  She always obeyed.
She didn’t understand that her obedience to him was part of what had turned him off.  Obedience was for pets, not life partners.  He would never be able to bare his true self to her or open his heart to her fully.  He saw that now.
He shook her off and pulled back.  ‘I’m sorry,’ he said.  And he meant it.  It was a shame it hadn’t worked like he’d imagined it would.  It was a shame he wasn’t in love the way he’d thought he was.
‘Liar,’ she spat out for the second time in as many days.  ‘Liar!’
She crawled across the bed and climbed off.  Before Aidan could prepare himself, she threw herself at him and pounded against his chest with her fists.  He was so startled that he staggered backward and stumbled over his own feet.  Instinct made him grab her by the shoulder, in an effort not to fall down.
It didn’t work.  The pair of them crashed to the floor, but Melody didn’t seem to notice.  She continued to strike him, one fist at a time.
Aidan put up his hands and caught her by the wrists.
‘Let me go!’  Even as she screamed at him, she pushed against his grasp, trying to hit him.
He tightened his grip on her and pulled her close, forcing her to meet his eyes.  She was gone, he realised.  He could see it in her face.  She had lost herself to the splitting.
‘Melody,’ he said softly.  ‘Please.  Please.  I’m not happy about this either, but….’
He trailed off.  There was no point in explaining.  She didn’t appear to be processing a word of what he was saying.  If he’d had any doubts about leaving, they were now gone.
He released her and disentangled himself from her.  He stood and picked up the suitcase, pulling out its extendable handle and tilting it onto its rollers.
‘I really do wish ye the best in life,’ he told her.  ‘I hope ye find someone who can love ye the way ye deserve to be loved.’
Fire shone in Melody’s eyes.  She looked up at him from the floor.  ‘This is because of that girl, isn’t it?  Don’t lie to me.  I know it is.’
Aidan hung his head sadly.  ‘It isn’t.  This would’ve happened eventually, anyway.’
He started to walk out of the room, and Melody shouted after him, ‘Are you meeting her now?  Is that where you’re going?’
‘It’s not,’ he tossed over his shoulder as he continued his exit.  He opened the front door and was met with sunlight.  He decided to take it as a good omen.
As he stepped out of the flat that had never really been his, he heard her scream after him.  ‘Aidan!  Aidan!  You’ll be sorry!’
He blocked it out and threw the suitcase into the boot of the Jag.  He slipped into the driver’s seat, the only place he’d ever felt truly at ease.
She followed him and beat on the car window, but he was already turning the key in the ignition.  She chased him down the street as the car tore away.  She was still screaming something, but he couldn’t hear it over the sweet roar of the engine, like music to his ears.
* * *
Verdi woke up consumed with rage, without knowing why.  He wasn’t especially angry about anything; he just felt like he wanted to kill someone.
Then the explanation came to him: Melody.
Screaming surged between his ears.  He clutched his head, wishing it would stop, and staggered off the sofa, where he’d been sleeping.  The screaming was coming from outside his head, too.  Someone was having a fight.  More precisely, it seemed Melody and Aidan might be over.
The front door to the flat slammed shut and the vengeful storm that was his sister burst toward him.
‘That bastard!’ she shouted at the top of her voice.
He so wished she would stop.  It was killing him.  He hated how affected he was by her moods.
‘He left me for that cheap slag,’ she spat out in his general direction.
Verdi frowned and rubbed his eyes more awake.  Who was she talking about?
‘I wish you’d killed her when you had the chance,’ Melody added with venom.  
The cogs churning in his brain clicked into place.  ‘You mean that girl in the field?’
‘Who else?’ she threw at him.  She hurled herself dramatically onto the sofa beside him, falling backward over the arm and landing at a twisted angle.  ‘I can’t believe I ever trusted him.  I should have known.’  She ripped one of the back cushions off the sofa and pressed it over her face, as if meaning to suffocate herself.
The rage in Verdi’s head subsided, gradually replaced with a choir that made him feel like weeping.  He wasn’t sure which mood was worse.
He got to his feet.  ‘Mel, you have to stop that.  I can’t stand it,’ he said, on the verge of tears.
She lifted the cushion from her face and raised her head an inch to look up at her brother.  Verdi was small in every way.  He was shorter than her, and scrawny.
She let her head drop back to the sofa and hurled the cushion onto the floor.
‘I can’t help it,’ she said.  ‘The only way to stop it is to make him hurt as much as he’s hurt me.’  She beat her fists on the upholstery and let out a scream of anguish.
Verdi winced.  He didn’t profess to understand matters of the heart, and Melody’s reaction was particularly unsettling.
‘Would that really make you happy?’ he asked.  ‘Would it bring him back?’
She jolted up so she was sitting.  ‘No,’ she said, as though it was the stupidest idea she’d ever heard.  ‘But I know what would.  And you’re going to help me do it.’
Verdi slumped back down on the sofa next to her.  The XBOX controller was on the floor, tickling his toes.  He wished he could just pick it up and start playing, without incurring his sister’s wrath.  For the first time, he found himself wondering if maybe it wasn’t so bad staying at home with their parents.
But as much as their parents were Descendants themselves, once they’d learned of their children’s powers, they had made it absolutely clear they weren’t to display them at any time.  Such spontaneous abilities were beyond their understanding.  Hell, their father had even started talking about finding a ‘cure’.
No, he most definitely didn’t want to return to that, no matter how crazy his sister was getting.
‘You have to help me,’ Melody repeated in an ominously deadpan voice.
Verdi cleared his throat, not liking where this was going.  ‘Um, why, exactly?’
She turned her dishevelled head and froze him with her eyes.  ‘Because if you don’t, I’ll make you bawl on the floor like a little baby, film it and put it on YouTube.  How’s that for incentive?’
It didn’t matter that she was eighteen.  It seemed she would always be his irritating big sister.
‘Fine,’ he gave in, already certain he would come to regret his next question.  ‘What do you need me to do?’
TWENTY-THREE
Seth’s appearance at Itzy’s house later that night shocked her.  He looked like he’d been drinking.  He smelled like it, too.  In light of her mother’s habits, Itzy wasn’t impressed.
‘What are you doing here?’ she hissed at him.  ‘It’s after midnight.  Mum’ll be furious if she finds you.’
‘She won’t find me,’ Seth said, pushing his way past her.  ‘Is she even home?’  This was beyond his usual play at arrogance; it bordered on belligerence.
Itzy stared after him, livid, and then shut the front door behind them.  ‘She’s asleep,’ she euphemised.  ‘And you didn’t answer my question.’
‘What question?’  He looked confused, like he’d only just realised where he was and wasn’t sure how he’d got there.
‘Why are you here?’ she repeated herself.
Seth blinked at her stupidly.  ‘Oh yeah!’ he exclaimed too loudly.  ‘That’s right.  See, I was at home.  And the funniest thing happened to me.’
He burst out laughing, like he’d just remembered a joke he’d been told and couldn’t wait to share it.
‘See - see - all I could think of was you,’ he said.  He pointed one of his long fingers at her chest.  Then he poked her, and he started laughing again.
Itzy didn’t share his humour.  ‘Why is that funny?’ she asked tightly.
Seth shook his head like he was dealing with a child who didn’t understand something very simple.  ‘Oh, Itzy,’ he said.  ‘Itzy, Itzy, Itzy…see, it’s funny because I didn’t even know you last month.  So why can’t I stop thinking of you?’
His laughter was gone now, replaced with something more serious.  He sounded like he truly expected her to give him an answer.
‘You’re a mess,’ Itzy declared.
Seth shrugged like maybe he agreed with this pronouncement.  His eyes darted, trying to find something to rest on.
With a deep sigh, Itzy said, ‘Let me get you some water.’
She went into the kitchen and filled a glass from the tap.  When she brought it back to him, she found he was gone.
But she hadn’t heard the door.  So where was he?
She crept into the lounge, but he wasn’t there.  With a sinking feeling, she went upstairs to her own room.  He was lying on her bed, his hand on Parson Brown.  He looked asleep.
She set the glass down on her desk and looked at Seth.  His blond hair fell over his closed eyes, rising and falling in time with his breath.  His face was all innocence when he was unconscious.  All the cockiness was erased, leaving him looking fragile.  For a moment, she could see the little boy he had once been.
Itzy wasn’t sure what to do about this.  She’d never had a boy in her bed before, even if he was just asleep.  She had no idea how she was going to explain this to her mother, if she found out.
Itzy sat next to him on the bed.  She nudged him, but he didn’t stir.  She nudged him again, but he would not be roused.  Then she found herself just looking at him, watching the way his chest rose and fell with sleep.
He was lovely, she decided.  And despite her frustrations with him, he really was nice.  So why didn’t she feel that same tug on her heart when she looked at him, the way she had when she was with Aidan?  What made Aidan so special?
She searched her heart and realised she knew the answer to that.  It was the way he had probed without trying and somehow found the way to unlock her emotions.  And it was the way he had spoken to her so candidly about himself, about things that were so personal.  That was what Ash had lacked.  He’d always been so good at listening, but when she tried to turn things around and get him to speak about his feelings, his secret worries, his wandering trains of thought, he had always clammed up.  It felt so one-sided.
And Seth…well, he was similar, wasn’t he?  Because he was charming and disarming and flirty.  There was a carefree spirit to him that made her feel happy to be with him, like there was nothing worth worrying about too much and everything would be alright in the end.  But he, too, didn’t share much of himself.  Sometimes, he started to, but then that humour would filter back in, would mask what he had been about to reveal before he could get too deep.
But not Aidan.  He didn’t even know her, and he had been unhesitatingly personal with her.  And he hadn’t made her feel like she owed him anything, like she had to tell him anything.  For the first time, Itzy felt like she had actually shared something with a boy.  Despite Aidan’s pronouncement of the evening, it was the first time she’d felt like she wasn’t caught up in a game.
* * *
She wasn’t aware she had fallen asleep until she was jolted awake by movement.  She found herself lying on her bed, face to face with Seth.  His eyes were open and he folded his arm around her, drawing her to him.  Before she could stop him, his mouth was on hers.
His hand ran up her spine and found her hair.  He pushed her head toward his and kissed her more deeply.  Despite how unconscious he had seemed, he managed to kiss her with more passion than she’d ever been kissed before.  It had never felt like this with Ash.  He had always been safe and sweet.  Seth was reckless about it.
Without removing his lips from hers, he lifted himself and withdrew his other arm.  He shovelled it under her body and hauled her on top of him, one hand still in her hair and the other making its way down her back.
She wasn’t sure what to do.  Her body was responding, but a voice in her head told her it was all wrong.  Distantly, she felt like she was on autopilot, like all the emotion that had been building up inside her since her father died was now exploding out of her - but in the wrong way.
Itzy broke apart from him just as his hand found its way under the black spaghetti-strapped top she’d been wearing for bed.  ‘Stop,’ she said.
His hands froze where they were.  ‘Is that really what you want?’ Seth asked.  Disappointment dripped from his eyes.
She had no idea.  But she knew it was what she needed, and that was what was most important.  
‘Seth,’ she said, too aware that she was still pressed against him, wearing very thin pyjama bottoms and not a lot on top.  ‘I care about you.  I really do.  But I can’t do this.’
He gazed up at her with a look she’d not seen anyone give her before.  It was almost like…worship.
‘You’re so beautiful,’ he said.  ‘Ever since I first saw you, I’ve thought that.  I’ve never met anyone like you before.  Never.  I don’t even know what it is about you, just….’
She hoped he couldn’t feel her heart pounding.  But they were so close, and their chests were still touching.  How could he not notice it?  
She slid off of him so she was beside him once more and sat up.  She drew back, giving them a foot of space from each other.  ‘Thank you,’ she said.
Seth laughed the way one might laugh at a bad joke.  ‘Thank you?  Is that it?’
‘Well, what do you want me to say?’ she grumbled.
He heaved himself upright to face her and grabbed her hand.  ‘How about, I’ve been wanting you, too.’
‘Is that what this is?  You just want me?’
Seth shook his head.  He let go of her and rubbed his temples.  ‘No,’ he said.  ‘I’m not good at talking about my feelings.  It’s just….  Look, I promise I haven’t had as much to drink as you think, alright?  It just all went to my head because it’s not something I do much.  But I couldn’t stand it today.  All day long it’s just been going round and round and round in my head - thoughts of you and him - and then of you and me.  And…I don’t know which is worse.
‘Then there I was, waving my hands and making myself a drink.  After that, I made another, because the thoughts were going away and that was all I wanted.  Then somehow I was on my way here, because -’  He broke off there to look and look and look at her.  He grabbed her face with his hand.  ‘There’s something about you.  I don’t know what it is, but there’s something.’
Itzy swallowed and gently tore herself out of his hand, pulling herself up straighter.  ‘You’re scaring me,’ she admitted.
Seth held his head in his hands like he was fighting off something only he could hear.  ‘No no no no no,’ he said.  ‘That’s not what was supposed to happen.  Damn!’  He struck his fist against the bed, making Itzy jump.  Then he exhaled heavily and stared around the room like, again, he’d forgotten how he’d ended up there.
‘Please,’ Itzy said in a small voice, ‘don’t do this.  Let me be your friend without it getting weird.’
That last word seemed to hit a nerve with him.  The vestiges of love were replaced with hard angles and Seth’s face returned to its usual unreadability.  He’d allowed her a glimpse of his heart, and now he was closing it to her once more, just as he always did.  It made her sad, even if his openness had frightened her.
She didn’t know how to tell him that was a very big part of why it couldn’t work between them.  She needed that fine balance between too much and too little.  She couldn’t live with extremities anymore.  That had been the world of Stephen Loveguard, and for too long it had been the world of his daughter, too.  She’d had enough of all the emotional blacks and whites.  All she wanted was that beautiful grey area.
As she thought this, her head was filled with the image of Aidan’s grey eyes.
‘I should go,’ Seth said.
‘I think that’s for the best,’ she agreed.
He held her eyes one last lingering moment, some idea dancing in his mind.  Then he climbed off the bed and got to his feet.  ‘I’ll see myself out,’ he told her.  And he left.
Itzy listened to his footsteps darting down the stairs.  She heard the front door open and shut, and then she was alone.
Frustrated, both mentally and - it had to be confessed - physically, Itzy flopped back on the bed.  Her hair billowed up around her, making her look like a gothic angel.
She twisted and reached over to the nightstand beside her bed, grabbing her phone.  She meant to text Devon and tell her what had just happened, but when she looked at the little screen, she saw there was a message waiting for her.
It was from Aidan.  He’d pulled her number off Facebook and texted her, as if they were old friends.
It sounded strange to her, without any of the affectations of his accent.  It simply said: It’s Aidan.  Just so you know…I left.
Heat flooded her.
Left what? she typed back, her hands shaking.  After all he’d said, after the cold look he’d given her at the end of the evening, he had found her and he had contacted her.  Did that mean their meeting had meant something to him, after all?
The phone vibrated in her hand as his next message came through:
Melody.
Itzy trembled without realising it.  He had left her.  Just a day later, he had left his girlfriend.
Why? she asked.
Her heart raced while she waited for his reply.  There was a long virtual silence.  Her phone lay aggravatingly still and blank.  She was just about to throw the phone aside and try to go to sleep, when it vibrated again.
Lots of reasons.  It was over a long time ago.  I just hadn’t realised it until last night.  Thank you.
Thank you.  Did he mean what she thought he meant?  And when had she started wanting this so badly?
Where are you now? she typed.
Wandering, was the quick reply.
Then, a minute later, Been all over town since the morning.  Considering seeing you.  If you want.
Her heart stopped.  
I want.  I just don’t know how.  Are you far?
After a moment, the message came through:
I don’t need to be.  I have a car.
She only thought a second more before sending him her address.  Part of her knew she was probably acting irrationally.  Was this really Itzel Loveguard doing this?  The girl who had never had a social life and spent her childhood locking herself away in a wardrobe and writing stories to escape her own reality?  The girl who had pined over Ashley Morgan for the last six months, convinced she would never love again?  That Itzel Loveguard?
Apparently, it was.
Not far, Aidan replied.  Be there in five.
Five minutes?  What were the chances of him being so close?
This was taking impulsive to the extreme.  She wasn’t even dressed for it.  She was still only wearing silk indigo pyjama bottoms and a black strappy top that had been wrinkled up in her tousle with Seth.  He had also ruined her hair.  She quickly dragged her fingers through it, smoothing it as best she could.  There was no time to change.
Her bag hung on the banister downstairs.  She slung it over her arm and slipped her feet into black satin pumps just in time to receive his next text:
I’m outside.
She grabbed her denim jacket hanging on a hook by the front door - and left.
Aidan was simply stunning.  He looked like he had in the cornfield, his clothing uninspiring and easily overlooked, but his eyes boring into hers.  Except there was something different about him, something she hadn’t noticed until last night.  She couldn’t pinpoint what it was.  She supposed it was just because she knew him, now.
Sort of.
He had that same hungry look in his eyes, appraising her from head to toe.  ‘It seems I made the right choice,’ he said by way of greeting.
‘What do you mean?’ she asked.
As an answer, Aidan smiled and walked around to the passenger side of a Jaguar, which she thought might be green, although it looked almost black in the darkness of the night.  He opened the door for her.
‘Dare I even ask how you came by such a car?’ Itzy asked as she climbed inside and let him shut the door.
He walked around to the other side and got in next to her.  ‘It’s my da’s,’ he said, slamming the door closed.
She caught some undercurrent to his words and shot him a conspiratorial grin.  ‘Does he know you have it?’
‘Oh, aye,’ Aidan said with a theatrical nod.  ‘I mean, he must do by now.’  He turned the key and gunned the engine.  ‘Sorry,’ he said.  ‘This car doesn’t know how to be quiet.’  Then he tore out of her street, his eyes on the road before them, not daring to glance at her.
It was so dark out.  Even the moon seemed to have disappeared for the night.  The street lights didn’t help much.  It was the first time Itzy had ever been out with a boy on her own after midnight.  There was something thrilling about it, but also something slightly scary.
Aidan didn’t appear to have any destination in mind; he simply drove.  He’d filled up the tank with petrol and was now seeing how far it would take him.  Part of her wished she could find out, too.  Except, reality wouldn’t leave her for too long.
‘I can’t be out all night,’ she told him.  ‘My mum….’
He nodded, knowing the words she hadn’t managed to say.  His left hand rested on the wheel, while his right elbow leaned on the open window.  He looked like a Generation-Y James Dean.  She realised she’d never known anyone like him and, for the first time, was unsure what he expected of her.
‘Mind if I play some music?’ he asked.
‘Um…okay.’
He flicked a switch and the car filled with stormy guitar riffs and reverb.  It wasn’t the sort of thing Itzy would have chosen to listen to, but it matched the atmosphere of the night.  She sank into the cream leather seat and let the sounds drift over her.
After a while, she realised Aidan was singing along with the CD.  She also realised that, like Seth, Aidan was a terrible singer who couldn’t hit a note in tune, which made her smile.  It lent him a certain vulnerability that was touching.  
She could see what Aidan had meant about driving.  There was great freedom in just getting out and going.  So much of life was so goal-orientated, which carried with it the possibility of failure.  But that failure was removed when you took away the goal and concentrated on the journey itself.
And there was freedom in feeling so alive and aware while everyone else around them slept.  It was like they were the only two people in the world, which meant they could do whatever they wanted and didn’t have to worry about anything.
Just like Aidan clearly didn’t worry about sounding like a drowning cat as he warbled along with everything, including the distorted guitar solos.
Itzy smiled to herself and fell into semi-unconscious reverie, not even noticing when the car stopped at the edge of a field an hour later.
‘Itzy,’ she heard him say.
It was the first time he’d said her name, and she felt herself melt inside in response.  His voice was low, deep and breathy.  He touched her arm to wake her and a spark of electricity seemed to shoot through her.  She wondered if maybe he really had sent electricity through her - because he could do that, if he wanted to.
‘Where are we?’ she asked groggily.
Aidan shrugged, and then grinned.  ‘I’ve no idea.’
‘You seem happy about that.’  She pulled herself up and twisted around in her seat to face him.  The leather upholstery made a creaking sound when she moved.
Aidan leaned over her and pressed the button on her seatbelt to release it.  It slid up her arm and she shook herself free of it, turning more in his direction.  He was back in his seat, just looking at her - every inch of her.  She wondered what images were forming in his mind.
‘I am happy about it,’ he said.  Then, as if he’d read her mind during the drive, he explained, ‘No one can find us.  No one can tell us there are things we ought to be doing, or that we’re wasting our time, like.  For a little while, we can be whatever we want to be.’
It was almost fully dark.  She could just make out his shape and, of course, his eyes.  With a jolt of shock, she realised it was just like her dreams of him, before she’d ever met him in the flesh.  Those wolf eyes of his were roaming all over her.
How can grey be so bright? she thought.  There was a glow about them.  She wondered if he made them do that, with his powers.  
‘Show me,’ she said, curiosity consuming her.  ‘Show me what you can do.’
‘Alright,’ he said softly.  
She leaned her head against the seat and prepared herself for whatever he might be about to unleash on her.  Then she noticed the interior of the car was growing light.  She could see better.  He had illuminated the inside of the car, while outside it remained dark and mysterious.
He didn’t stop there.  She felt the same tingle go up her arms that she had experienced in the restaurant.  But this time, it grew and spread throughout her body.  It struck her internal organs, making her feel like she was jelly inside.
Her mouth ran dry and she gripped the edge of the seat just to cope with the sensation running through her.  Her heart pounded, her head pounded, everything about her beat to a rhythm he controlled.  She felt powerless under his spell.  And she wanted him.  She wanted to kiss him with the same hunger she had seen in his eyes.
Then all at once, it switched off.  Her body was hers once more.
But her mind was not.  She was still thinking about him, yearning for him.
‘So.  I showed ye mine,’ he teased.  ‘Now you show me yers.’
She knew what he was asking, but it was so hard to concentrate after what he’d just done.  She shut her eyes and forced the thoughts out of her mind.
Focus, she told herself, willing the images to be replaced with black, a blank canvas.  She wanted more than anything to impress Aidan, to show him she had power.  She wanted to make him feel as weak under her spell as she’d just felt under his.
The letters swam before her, slowly, lazily.  She mentally yanked on them, dragging them together to form words, until a sentence blazed in her mind’s eye.  Her physical eyes flashed open, just in time to see Aidan lunging for her.
He knocked her backwards against the door and pressed his mouth to hers.  Unlike with Seth, she was ready for it.  She’d made him do it.  And not as an accident or some unconscious desire making itself known; this was undeniably deliberate.
Tendrils of darkness scurried through the car, like spaghetti, but she chose not to think about it.
She stretched up to meet him, throwing her arms around him and making a small noise as he ran his lips down her neck, to the top of her throat.  His hands strayed, and she let them.  It was a strange situation to be in: she was utterly in control of him, and yet she was completely out of control of herself.  He pressed his weight on her, making his own noises and sending chills down her back.
Then, just as she thought they might cross a line there was no going back from, he pulled away.  He jolted to the other side of the car, back to his own seat, his back pressed against the door.  He stared at her with animalistic eyes, panting.  But he wouldn’t come near her.
She gathered herself and sat up, straightening her top.  ‘What’s wrong?’ she asked, hoping he couldn’t hear her frustration.
‘What did ye do to me?’ he whispered.  He sounded positively petrified of her, like she was a wicked sorceress who had cast a brutal spell over him.
‘I -’  Itzy was nonplussed.  ‘What do you mean?  What did you do to me?’
Aidan shook his head slowly.  ‘No.  No, no.  Ya don’t understand.  No one does this to me.’
She balked at him.  ‘Are you angry?’
‘I’m not,’ he said.  He blinked, shuddering as if someone had walked over his grave.  ‘I’m not angry at all,’ he assured her.  His voice had softened, but it still sounded edgy, frightened.  ‘Melody used to try her powers on me,’ he explained.  ‘She was forever trying to make me fall into some romantic mood, like, with her music.  It works on anyone else.  If she wants ye to be happy, ye’ll be happy.  If she wants ye to tear out yer own eyes with a spoon, ye’ll do that too.  But it never worked on me.
‘And Verdi?’ he continued.  ‘The wee plants don’t touch me.  I don’t know why, and I promise I’m not trying to sound vain here, but he tried and they steered right clear of me.
‘But you,’ he said, his eyes large with amazement, ‘you affect me.’
His words sent a new chill through her.  She was thrilled to be the only one to hold such power over him, especially when he was such a powerful force himself.
Then again, it was terrifying to think just how strong she was without realising it.  What was the reason?  And what more was she capable of?
Then she was struck by something else.  Something her mother had been trying to tell her.
‘We balance each other,’ Itzy whispered.
Aidan nodded in shocked agreement.  ‘Aye,’ he said.  ‘I suppose we do.  And here I was thinking no one would ever match me.’
Itzy licked her lips, struggling to get the next words out.  ‘Do you still think…you made the right choice?’
‘I do,’ he said, his wild eyes on her.  ‘Definitely.  But ye still scare me.’
She gasped.  She wasn’t stupid; she knew how the other boys in school had always drawn away from her, before Ash.  She knew something about her had always intimidated them.  But Aidan?  Aidan?  Scared of her?
Itzy lifted herself from the seat and leaned toward him over the gear stick.  He flinched and pressed himself into the car door, unable to get any further from her.  She hovered inches away from him, wanting him more than she’d ever wanted anything in her life.
‘Kiss me again,’ she said.  ‘This time, your own way, yeah?  I promise I won’t do anything to you.’
Aidan hung back, and their eyes locked for a long time.  Then he placed his hand around her neck and drew her close.  He kissed her softly, gently.  She felt herself sinking, falling deeper and deeper into something she thought might be love, even though she still hardly knew him.
He detached his mouth from hers, but his hand remained around the back of her neck, his eyes searching hers.  She didn’t need to try to understand what he was feeling, now.  She could see it all over his face.  It was like looking in an emotional mirror; everything she felt, he felt too.
‘I should drive ye home, now,’ he whispered.
‘No,’ she begged.
His mouth bent into the loveliest smile, brighter than the glow illuminating the car and matching the gold of his skin.  ‘Aye,’ he said, ‘or yer ma will kill me.’
‘I lied,’ Itzy said.  ‘I don’t know if she’ll even notice I’m gone.’
It was a weak excuse, and she was aware of how needy she sounded, but she seemed unable to help herself.  She felt drunk on Aidan and couldn’t stand the thought of him going away from her.
‘Then yer brother will kill me,’ Aidan tried again.
She let her head fall against his chest and she groaned.  ‘Ugh.  Fine.’
He lifted her carefully off of him and put his hands on her shoulders, his eyes roaming all over her face.  ‘I wish I’d known ye all along,’ he said.  ‘Something tells me I might have been happier, like.’
God, how she wanted him on her again.
Aidan nudged her and she slinked back into the passenger seat, re-buckling herself in.  The seatbelt felt like prison bars keeping her from him.  He put on his own seatbelt and revved the engine again.
The Jag meandered along a different route from the way they came, but this time Aidan didn’t put on any music; they rode in silence.
After a long time, Itzy asked him, ‘Why were you there, that day?  In the field?’
Aidan leaned his arm on the open window frame and drummed on the outside of the door.  Then he threw her a quick side glance before focussing on the road and said, ‘That would be a strange question to answer.’
‘I’m getting used to strange.’
He smiled sleepily.  ‘Aye,’ he agreed.  ‘Alright, then.  Something told me to go.’
She stared at him, waiting for an explanation, but he seemed reticent about giving one, so she prodded, ‘Something?’
‘Aye,’ he said again.  ‘It’s like that for me, sometimes.  I woke up and thought, I need to go.  Melody insisted she go with me, and somehow we had Verdi with us.’  He said this last bit with mild annoyance at the memory.  ‘I didn’t know where I was going, like.  I just knew I had to drive.  So I kept going until the wee voice in my head told me to stop, and there we were, at the field.’
‘Where Verdi had made the patterns,’ Itzy filled in.
He nodded.  ‘Melody kept asking, Why are we here?  Why have we come back? I didn’t know what to tell her, so I said maybe we’d find out, like.  And then I saw ye.’
He stopped there and jerked the Jag down a frighteningly small side street, soon drawing them down a path that cut between fields, with no street lights.  He didn’t bother to slow down as he hurtled through.  Itzy winced, half-expecting to see people suddenly spring up without warning in the glow of the headlights, like some sort of horror film.
‘I can’t say why,’ he resumed, ‘but when I saw ye, that wee voice in my head told me, This is why ye came here.’
Itzy’s heart beat faster.  She wished he would stop the car right there so she could kiss him again, and feel his arms around her once more.  But he kept driving like a bat out of hell, until they came out the other side of the farmlands and exited onto a main street, eventually finding their way back to the motorway.
‘So you thought you’d test me?’ she pressed him.  She felt desperate to understand, to see things from his side.
Aidan gave a slight shrug.  ‘You…more than all of yis…I knew ye were powerful,’ he said breathlessly.  ‘Ya don’t realise it, do ye?  But ye fill the air with it.  I reckon ye could blindfold me and I’d know when ye were here.’
He glanced at her and smiled.  Then they spent the rest of the journey in comfortable silence.
* * *
By the time they made it back to Itzy’s house, it was past 4am.  Aidan parked the Jag outside her house and leaned back in his seat.  He looked like he wanted to say something to her, but couldn’t think how to begin.
‘This was nice,’ she started for him.
He let out a silent laugh, which made the corners of his mouth turn up and his eyes narrow.  Then, as if he’d just made up his mind about something, he turned sideways and said, ‘There’s something I need to tell ye.’
She turned in her seat too and leaned closer.  ‘Yes?’
He shook his head at himself.  ‘I wasn’t entirely honest with you at the restaurant the other day.’
Itzy’s eyes grew in surprise.  ‘You weren’t?’
Aidan sighed and drummed his fingers on his leg.  ‘I wasn’t using ye for information.  I just got scared of what I felt for ye.  I didn’t know what to do with it, so I lied.’
Itzy had no idea what to say to this.  And he looked like there was more.
‘The truth,’ he went on, ‘is before he died, yer da made me promise to look after ye.’
The floor seemed to have dropped from beneath Itzy’s feet.  She gripped the edge of her seat to steady herself.
‘He…he made you…?’ she stammered.
‘I didn’t know yer name,’ Aidan continued his confession.  ‘I just knew it was something Mayan.  And I didn’t know where to find ye.  Yer da had this idea that fate, like, would bring us together.’
Itzy swallowed.  Her mouth felt desperately dry.  ‘Fate,’ she echoed in a whisper.
‘Aye,’ said Aidan.  ‘I didn’t know if I believed him, then.  But now I wonder if he was right.  Because here we are.’
He locked her eyes with his and held them there a long time.
‘Yes,’ she managed to find her voice.  ‘Here we are.’
‘I don’t know what mystery I’ve got tangled up in,’ he said, ‘but…well, I’m glad yer tangled up in it with me.’
Aidan reached for her hand and pressed it with his fingers.  Warmth flowed into her.  It tingled up her arms and spread through her body.  Itzy didn’t know what he was doing to her, but it helped.
‘It’s late,’ he whispered.  ‘I should let ye go.’
No, she wanted to say.  But all she did was nod.  
With great reluctance, Itzy stepped out of the car, her feet like lead, dragging with each step.  It was so hard to leave him.  Aidan climbed out too and stood with her.
‘Come for me again, yeah?’ she said.
Aidan smiled.  ‘Even if ye told me not to, I don’t reckon I could help it,’ he said.  ‘Tonight, I kept toying with my phone, thinking, Should I or shouldn’t I?  I couldn’t make up my mind, like, if this was the right thing to be doing.  But now I’m thinking, maybe there was only ever one choice.’
He kissed her one last time.  His hands found their way into her long hair, pulling her to him with insatiable voraciousness.  Itzy threw her arms around his neck and sank into the embrace.  He breathed in as she breathed out, and vice versa, until she felt like she was hyperventilating and had to break apart for air.
And the words rushed into her head against her will: I love you.
She knew people went on about love at first sight, but she’d never believed in it before.  Even with Ash, she had wanted him immediately, yes, but she hadn’t thought she loved him for months, and she’d never managed to say it out loud.  But with Aidan, she was struggling not to let the words escape her.
She might have given in to the urge if she hadn’t been so frighteningly certain he would have said he loved her too.
Aidan got back in the car, leaving her standing stunned on the pavement.  His kisses still lingered on her lips, she could feel the aftermath of his touch all over her skin, and she felt decidedly dizzy.  
She looked at him through the window.  His image blotted out the car and the street and all sensible thoughts.  All she could see were his eyes.
Then he turned the car around and drove away, leaving her alone in the middle of the street.
Itzy dragged her feet to her front door, fumbling through her bag for the key.  When she was inside, she let out a long sigh.  She closed the door and slid down its length, to the floor.  
Her phone beeped.  When she retrieved it, she saw there was a message from Aidan:
You’re beautiful.
She smiled and counted her blessings that fate had brought her something good, at last.
TWENTY-FOUR
In the morning, Itzy was struck with a climbing sense of unreality.  Had the previous night actually happened?  She put her hand to her cheek, remembering the way it felt when Aidan kissed her.
Then she remembered Seth, and the look on his face as he left.
Her sense of fantasy fell apart and she groaned.  She wasn’t sure how to move forward from that moment.  But what could she do - avoid her brother forever, just so she wouldn’t have to see his housemate?
Hm…maybe….
Her hands still held her phone.  She’d fallen asleep with it, hoping Aidan would text again.  Now she saw a message from Devon on the screen.  She opened it:
Going to a film with Ash.  Thought you’d like to join us.  Do something normal, for a change.
Normal.  That sounded good, actually.  She sent a reply, asking when and where she should meet them.  Then she hopped out of bed and set to getting dressed.
Her body hadn’t relinquished the thrill she had felt with Aidan, and it left her bright and jittery.  The result was that she stole into her mother’s room and rummaged through her things.  Itzy came away with a pair of black jeans and a tank top so red it practically glowed.
She dressed and then bent over at the waist.  Her long charcoal hair hung down, its ends touching the floor.  She gathered it up in her hands and swung back up to standing.  She dragged her fingers through her hair, smoothing out the ponytail as best she could, and pulled it through a red hair band.  When she moved, it swung side to side across her back.
Then she sat at her desk, where her old friend - the notebook - lay in wait.  There was a black pen beside it, crying out to be held.  She had a story going around in her head, a leftover from the night before.  And her encounter with Aidan had filled her with a newfound conviction that she could - she would - make this story come true.
She picked up the pen and wrote.
It was about a woman who had once been confident and bold, but had let everything slip away when she had her heart broken by a man who never deserved her.  Her life fell into disarray, until she was a fraction of the woman she had once been.  She moved herself to the countryside, where her nearest neighbours were three miles away.  All she wanted was to be alone, where no one would try to stop her from quietly disintegrating.
One day, she fell down an unfinished well at the back of her long garden.  She was trapped down there for days, with no companionship, no one to dispel her fears of death, and no one to tell her she would be alright.  Night was the worst.  It was so dark out there, with no streetlights.
When she stared up out of the hole, all she could see were stars.  They shone in a way they didn’t in the city, where she had grown up.  And without the benefit of being able to see her surroundings, she developed literal tunnel vision.  The black receded and soon she was swimming through the stars.  
By the third day, her fears fell away and she found she missed the dark, when the sun was up.  The light was too harsh and left black spots in her vision.  Now she longed for night time.  She had learned to see how bright it could be, if she looked at it the right way.  It made her think of the Chinese concept of yin and yang: light gave way to dark, and dark to light.  You couldn’t have one without the other, and each was beautiful in its own right.
She also grew to enjoy those long hours when she was left alone with her thoughts.  She discovered things about herself she never knew were in there.  Most importantly, she was more resilient than she’d realised.  She hadn’t imagined she would get through the ordeal, and yet she was doing it.  She was hungry, but she was starting to forget about the pain.  Her thoughts were sharpening.  She pretended she was simply an ascetic, deliberately fasting.
The next day, it rained.  She leaned her head back and opened her mouth wide, savouring the water as the blessing it was.
Then she came up with a plan.  Because the well wasn’t finished, the inside was made of crumbly clay that came up under her nails if she clawed at it.  The rainwater loosened it even more.  She decided to dig, to make the wall of the well slope, so she could crawl her way up and out of the hole.  It might take days, but she knew she could do it.
And that was the key, that self-knowledge she had lost at some point and now reclaimed.  As long as she believed, she could do anything.
Hour after long hour, she scraped away at the wall.  She slipped into her own thoughts, letting her hands work on autopilot.  Two days later, she stepped aside and saw the beautiful simplicity of the angle she had made.  It wasn’t much, but she thought it might be enough.  So she started to crawl.
At first, she slipped back down into the hole.  But she didn’t cry.  She didn’t allow herself to panic.  She simply tried again.  She would get through this.  She had to.
It was morning when she began her ascent.  It was already dark when she finally threw her hands over the top of the well and hauled herself out.  She lay on the ground panting, trying to catch her breath.
Then she rolled onto her back and stared up at the stars she had grown to love so much.  They called to her.  They seemed to descend and draw her up by the hands so she was standing, even dancing.  She bathed in their light - the first moment of freedom she’d felt in years.
And she realised it hadn’t been that man who had held her back for so long, but herself.  Her own mind and sense of self-loathing had been her greatest obstacles.  Only when she’d been left stranded and blind had she been able to remember there was more to her than met the eye.
She staggered into her house and sank her teeth into a browning apple, instantly feeling sick for it.  When she went into the bathroom, she gasped at what she saw in the mirror above the sink.  Her clothes were torn and covered in dirt.  Her skin was smeared with brown dust.  Her hair was a tangle of twigs and soil and leaves and who knew what else.
But her eyes - they shone like the stars in the night sky.
‘That’s you,’ she told herself.  Then, she amended, ‘That’s me.’
She’d been a stranger to herself for so long, she’d forgotten how beautiful she was.
In that instant, she knew she couldn’t mistreat that dazzling creature inside her any longer.  There was something precious there in the mirror, something that needed protecting.  She couldn’t sacrifice it to the memory of a man who had made her believe the woman in the mirror didn’t exist.
And the woman’s name was Myra. 
* * *
Itzy finally put down the pen, exhausted.  She felt like she’d just cycled uphill for an hour.  She’d gone into one of her trances, marked by those black lines worming their way across her vision.
Except it had felt more controlled than before.  She’d known what she meant to write before she slipped into the exercise, and it had worked.
Like Myra in the story, Itzy believed in her own power.
Unaware of how different she suddenly looked, herself, Itzy grabbed her bag hanging on her doorknob and left her room.  She went downstairs and slipped her feet into her black satin pumps, before heading out to meet her friends. 
* * *
Throughout the film, Devon leaned her head on Ash’s shoulder and he wrapped his arm around her shoulder, and they slipped into that special privacy shared between couples.  Itzy sat on the other side of Devon, munching noisily on buttered popcorn and mentally critiquing the bad acting on the oversized screen.
Afterward, they went to a café to have cheap lunch.  Itzy smiled at her friends, revelling in the fact that she finally felt able to watch them together, without feeling jealous.
‘That was terrible,’ Devon proclaimed.  She nudged her boyfriend and added, ‘Even for you.’
Ash looked offended.  ‘Hey,’ he said.
Itzy laughed.  ‘She has a point.  You have awful taste in films.’  She waggled her fork in his direction.
‘But you have to admit they’re funny,’ he said.  His eyes flitted from each girl to the other.
Devon rolled her peridot eyes at him.  ‘Uh-huh,’ she said as she ravaged a handful of chips sitting on her plate, smothered in far too much ketchup.
Itzy pulled her phone from her bag for perhaps the hundredth time in the last hour.
‘Who are you expecting to ring you?’ asked Ash.
Itzy flushed.  ‘Aidan.’
Ash immediately grew tense, while Devon’s eyes flew wide with excitement.  ‘Have you been speaking to him?’ she pounced for the gossip.
Itzy smiled a stupid girlish smile, as if she were fifteen and not seventeen, nearly eighteen.  All she could do was nod.
‘Why didn’t you tell me!’  Devon reached over and swatted the back of her hand.  ‘What happened?’
Itzy couldn’t hold it in anymore.  ‘I snuck out with him last night and we went driving,’ she confessed.  It reminded her that she was tired, and she yawned.  ‘I’ve had about four hours’ sleep,’ she added.
Ash’s mouth dropped open.  He knew her too well, and she knew that he knew that she wasn’t the sort of girl who drove around all night with strange boys.
‘Are you sure that’s a good idea?’ he questioned, sounding more like a father than Stephen ever had.
Devon hit him playfully on the shoulder.  ‘Stop it, you.  Itzy’s sensible.  She wouldn’t throw herself into something dangerous.’
Itzy wasn’t sure her friend should have that faith in her.  She certainly didn’t feel sensible.  Then again, that was precisely what made her feel so alive that day.  
‘I knew there was something different about you today,’ Devon remarked.
Itzy wrinkled her forehead.  ‘What do you mean?’
‘Oh come on.’  She shot her a knowing look.  ‘For one thing, there’s your clothes.  I can’t believe you actually chose to dress like that without me having to force you into it.  Last night must have been good.’  Devon punctuated her words with a wink.
Itzy picked up a napkin from the table and threw it at her friend.  ‘Nothing happened,’ she said.  ‘Well, sort of.’
Ash scowled deeply at this, while Devon clapped her hands together like an excitable little girl.  ‘So has he been in touch since?’ she asked.  She glanced at Itzy’s phone, which now rested on the table before her.
‘Once.  When I got home.  Nothing since then, no,’ she said glumly.  
‘Don’t worry about it,’ Devon quickly assured her.  ‘He’s probably just busy with something.  He’ll ring later, yeah?’  Then she lowered her voice as if there might be spies listening to them, and asked, ‘Does Seth know?’
‘Ugh,’ Itzy grunted.  She looked at her own plate of chips and realised she’d lost her appetite.  She pushed it aside and sat back in the cheap aluminium chair she was sitting on, which wobbled every time she breathed.  ‘I don’t think he’ll be speaking to me again anytime soon.’
Devon frowned.  ‘Why not?  Did something happen with him?’
‘Kind of.  At least, he tried to make something happen.  I stopped it.’
She dared to check their reactions and found Ash was looking at her, again, as if he’d never known her before.  And he hadn’t - not the person she seemed to have become.  It was amazing what finding out you had super powers did for your confidence.
Devon was more adaptable than her boyfriend.  ‘Oh, Itz,’ she said.  ‘Was he really upset?’
Itzy nodded.
‘But why?’ Ash grew defensive of her.  ‘It’s not your fault you don’t fancy him.’
‘Mm-hm,’ Devon concurred, nodding vigorously.  It made her ginger curls bounce around her face.
‘I know it’s not my fault,’ Itzy said, ‘but that doesn’t change that I’ve hurt him.  It’s going to take some time for things to go back to the way they were, is all.’
‘But they will,’ Ash said, ‘eventually.’
They shared a moment in which they both understood what the other was thinking: that Itzy and Ash had managed to return to some semblance of normality, so it was possible with Seth too.  She hoped so.
‘So,’ Ash changed the subject, ‘any more news on the alien front?’
Itzy rolled her eyes at the idea.  ‘I wish you wouldn’t say it like that.  It makes it sound so….’
‘Ridiculous?’ he supplied.
She shrugged.  ‘Yeah.  But it’s not, alright?’
He put up his hands in surrender.  ‘I know.  It’s just hard to talk about it in a way that sounds serious.  But I know this is real for you, and I really do want to know: any news?’
Itzy thought about what she’d read in her father’s journal.  ‘Oz thinks our dad managed to contact the Ancients.’
Devon arched one of her eyebrows.  ‘Is that bad?’
Itzy shrugged.  ‘We don’t really know anything about the Ancients.  It’s all just a lot of legend.  They came down from the stars to populate the Earth.  Some mated with the humans and created a super-race.  The others were disgusted with it and left, taking the Wisdom with them and leaving us here in ignorance, blah blah.  That’s how the story goes.’
‘But…,’ Ash urged her along.
Itzy sighed.  ‘But I read this journal my father kept before he died.  The night he killed himself, he said the Wisdom was here on Earth.  It was all a mistake.  And now he’d called the Ancients to return and they would do whatever it took to get to the Wisdom.’
Ash let out a breath.  ‘That’s some heavy stuff,’ he remarked.
‘That’s not all,’ Itzy said.  ‘Earlier in the journal, he said he thought losing the Wisdom was what was causing the split personalities - the mood swings.  He said it was killing us.’
‘But he was trying to find it again,’ said Devon.
Itzy nodded, her eyes wet.  ‘I think he was trying to cure himself, so he wouldn’t be able to hurt us anymore.’
The tragedy of it hit them all like a gunshot, bolting them to their chairs.  How could she go on blaming her father when he had struggled so hard to save himself?  In the end, she supposed it had just been too much for him; his dark half had won out, against his wishes.  At last, she felt she understood what had truly killed her father.
‘Oh, Itzy,’ Devon let out.  She reached her hand across the table and took hold of Itzy’s fingers.  ‘I’m so sorry.’
Itzy nodded briefly and sniffed, anxious to change the subject so she could recover from the sorrow threatening to devour her.
Devon seemed to sense this - she always knew what Itzy needed.
‘The Wisdom,’ Devon returned to more practical matters.  ‘I still don’t understand what that means.  I know you told me that theory Aidan has, but it still leaves unanswered questions.  For instance -’  She raised her hand and ticked off her points on her fingers.  ‘How can some kind of knowledge of God be stored somewhere on Earth?  If it’s not a thing, how does that work?’
When Itzy answered, it was in a low, troubled voice.  ‘My dad wrote that there was one person on Earth who carried the Wisdom.  A child.’
Devon scrunched up her nose.  ‘Like a little kid?’
‘Not necessarily,’ said Ash, interpreting the expression on Itzy’s face.  ‘To Stephen, we would’ve all been children.’
All at once, it hit her.  She didn’t now why she hadn’t seen it before.
‘Aidan,’ Itzy whispered, her eyes seeing something that wasn’t there.  Then she shook herself out of the daze and looked at them both in alarm.  ‘It’s Aidan.  My dad knew him, in the last month of his life.  He knew what Aidan was capable of.  Oh my God.’  She threw her hand to her mouth.  ‘All this time…Aidan has the Wisdom.  And I don’t think he even knows it.’
‘There’s some irony in there, right?’ Ash tried to lighten the mood.  Devon ineffectually hit his shoulder again.
‘Itz,’ she said, ‘don’t get carried away.  You don’t know that for sure.  It’s just a theory.’
‘Right,’ Itzy agreed, ‘but it fits, doesn’t it?  I mean, it makes sense.’
Fear washed over her - not for herself, but for him.
‘I have to warn him,’ she said.  ‘He doesn’t know - and my father - he said there would be danger.  The Ancients - I don’t know what they’ll do, but - I have to warn him.’
Ash stood and came around to her side of the table, placing his hands on her shoulders to steady her.  He knelt on the ground beside her and met her eyes.
‘Slow down,’ he said.  ‘Take a breath.  Take five, even.  Come on, with me.  In -’ they both inhaled deeply ‘- and out.’  They exhaled, and she let herself be guided through four more breaths like that.  When they were finished, he lifted the phone off the table and handed it to her.  ‘Now go ahead and ring him.  Calmly.’
She took the phone in her shaking hands and nodded at him.  ‘Right.  Calmly.’
‘Calmly,’ he repeated.
He stood and walked back to his original seat, and he and Devon watched as Itzy rang Aidan’s number.
‘Hiya,’ she said.  ‘It’s me.  Um…Itzy.  Please ring me when you get this.  It’s important,’ she added, before chewing her lip and ending the call.
‘I’m sure he’s fine,’ Devon tried to placate her.
‘I’m not,’ Itzy said.  ‘I’m sorry - it was lovely meeting up with you both, and I hope we can do it again soon.  But I should go.  I need to keep trying until I get hold of him, and I think I need to speak to Oz about this.’
Her friends nodded, their eyes round with concern.
Aidan.  
Her heart pounded.  Was he okay?  Had the Ancients already got to him?  Would she know if they had?  If they were coming from space, did that mean they had a ship?  Wouldn’t someone notice it breaking into the Earth’s atmosphere?
When did these questions start sounding normal to her?
Her friends rose to hug her goodbye.  Devon clung to her the longest, clutching her tightly and whispering in her ear, ‘He’ll be fine.  I know he will.’
Itzy pulled away before she could start to cry.  She wished she felt as sure of Aidan’s safety as Devon did.
TWENTY-FIVE
Seth’s hands jumped, making strange things appear from the air that he didn’t mean to draw.  He wanted coffee, for instance, but he wound up with a banana instead.  He wasn’t sure how he’d managed to mix the two up.
He would have to do this the old-fashioned way.
He stalked into the kitchen and switched on the kettle.  He pulled a mug from the cupboard and scooped Nescafe into it, the over-sweet smell waking up his nose in an unpleasant way.  But he needed it.
He added a second scoop.
There was a soft mewl from the floor.  Seth looked down and saw Eurydice.  She rubbed against his leg, begging for food.  Of course: he hadn’t given her breakfast, yet.
He flashed his hands and came up with a bowl of clams.  One of them snapped on his finger and made him yelp.  He erased the clams with another twist of his wrist.  Then he shut his eyes and concentrated as hard as he could, finally producing cat food.  He set it on the floor for Eurydice to eat.  She crouched down before it, her head bobbing up and down in the bowl with gratitude, when Seth’s phone rang.
He removed it from his pocket and winced when he saw who it was.  With a heavy heart, he answered.
‘Hiya, Itzy,’ he said, hoping he sounded more collected than he was.
‘Seth, I’m sorry, but I don’t have time to talk about us right now,’ she plunged ahead.  ‘Do you know where Oz is?  I’ve been trying to reach him for an hour.’
Surprised, Seth scratched his head with his free hand.  This wasn’t how he expected their next conversation to go.  ‘I got a message from him a while ago saying he was going to the British Museum.  Why?’
‘And he hasn’t come back?’
Seth frowned.  ‘No.’  He glanced at his wristwatch and noted how late it was.  The museum would be closed, by now.  ‘I expect he got side-tracked with something,’ he said.
Itzy’s disagreement was palpable.  ‘I’m worried about him.  And…and I’m worried about Aidan.’
That name, so small and insignificant in itself, dropped like an anvil between them.
Determined to be mature about this, Seth cleared his throat and asked, ‘Why?’
‘I think he’s in trouble,’ she said, piercing him with every word.  There was a pause in which she seemed to consider what she’d just said.  She sighed and added, ‘I know I’ve given you no reason to care what happens to him, but…I don’t think this is just about him.  This is about all of us.  And I’m worried maybe Oz has got caught up in it too.  I…I need your help.’  She sounded heartbreakingly desperate.
Seth shook his head.  She obviously had no idea what he was willing to do for her - even if it meant helping someone who had become his rival overnight.
But instead of admitting this to her, all he said was, ‘Tell me what you need me to do.’ 
* * *
Aidan had spent most of the day at the edge of a river, as far as he could get from the headache of civilisation.  Sometimes he fantasised about having his own island, completely devoid of other people, and just doing what he wanted, day in and day out.  No one to tell him what to do.  No one to trick him into thinking he needed them.  No one to say he had to love them when he didn’t.  He would just live out the rest of his days on Earth sleeping under the stars, bathing in the sea, fishing and pulling berries off the trees.  
Now he imagined Itzy was with him on that island.  In his mind, he saw her long black hair draped over her shoulders as she rose from the sea, blotting out the sun so its rays seemed to emanate from her.  She looked like a mermaid crossed with a vampire.  It wasn’t an unattractive image.
She walked toward him, smiling at him.  What was it she held?  What did she want to show him?  What story did she have for him?  All he could hope was it would have a happy ending.
She came closer, and he could see something beating in her hands.  For a moment, he thought it might be his own heart.  Wouldn’t that have been poetic?  Then she dipped her hands to show him, and he saw.  It was black, and it pulsed, throbbing like the emotions inside him, calling him and drawing him to it.
Then a goose honked and shattered the illusion, reminding him he was sitting at the edge of a river in the middle of England, hundreds of miles from the place he’d been taught to think of as home.  The riverside was coated in smooth grey stones.  He picked one up and tossed it across the water, watching it skip three times before sinking.
The air was clearer out here.  There were no telephone masts or electrical pylons blotting the landscape, though there were a few wind turbines dotted around like futuristic windmills.  He wondered what Don Quixote would have made of them.
Time to go back.  As much as he wanted to, he couldn’t stay out there forever.  He had to face the realities of life and figure out what he was going to do with himself.  Last night, with her…he wanted more of that.  But he was scared to give in to it too soon.  He had thought he was in love with Melody, and look where that had landed him.
He walked barefoot back to the Jag, carrying his shoes in his hand.  The car was parked half a mile up the desolate road - the boreen, as he thought of it - but the journey was mostly grass.  It felt soft and cool under his feet, creeping up and tickling his toes.
When he reached the car, he slipped inside and shut the door.  He sat there, staring through the windscreen at the scenery outside.  Maybe he didn’t need an island.  Maybe he could make do with a few acres of land.  Live off the interest accumulating in his trust fund.  How long could he make that last?
He glanced at his phone, sitting on the passenger seat.  He’d switched it off in the morning, after receiving an onslaught of furious threatening messages from Melody that he just didn’t need.
Are you with her right now? was one of the more frequent texts.
He didn’t know how to make her understand that Itzy had only been the catalyst to make him see what he’d been trying to ignore ever since he’d come to London.
Itzy.  He longed to speak to her.  He missed her in a way that surprised him.  When he drove away from her in the early hours of the morning, it had felt like something inside him had been tethered to her, and the further down the road he drove, the harder that tether pulled and stretched.  How oh how had he managed to fall so hard, so quickly?
Except it hadn’t felt quick at all.  In fact, he wondered why it had taken him so long to find her.
He grabbed his mobile and switched it on, waiting for it to find a bar of signal.  Then it beeped endlessly as the messages and missed calls pulled through.  The first few were inevitably from Melody.  He breezed through them, deleting each one before he had a chance to read more than the first few words.
But one stopped him.  It was the last one she sent, which simply said:
I know how to find the Wisdom.  At the British Museum, if you care to join us.
Us?
The other messages were from Itzy.  There was even a voicemail from her.
He listened to it with growing concern.  Something had happened, but he couldn’t think what.
He pressed a button to ring her back.  She answered almost immediately, as though she’d been gripping her phone and staring at its screen all that time, willing it to ring.  The sound of her voice was like salve for his soul.
‘Thank God!’ she exclaimed in greeting.  ‘Where have you been?  Are you alright?’
‘Of course,’ he said, confused.
‘I was so worried about you,’ she gushed.  ‘Now I just need to find Oz and we should all sit down and have a long talk.’
‘Why?  What’s happened?’
‘I can’t get into it over the phone,’ she said.  ‘But it’s important.  Ugh, I wish Oz would return my calls.  I mean, who goes out to the British Museum at night, anyway?’
‘Hang on,’ Aidan stopped her.  ‘What did ye say?’
‘I said: who goes to the British Museum at night?  It’s closed, isn’t it?  What do you think he could be doing there, even?’
Aidan didn’t like the sound of this.  ‘What makes ye think he’s there?’ he asked.
‘Oh, Seth got a text from him saying he’d discovered something big there and was researching it.  Crazy, right?’
No, no, no, he didn’t like this at all.  He thrust the car key into the ignition.
‘Don’t go anywhere,’ he ordered her.  ‘I’m coming to pick ye up.’
TWENTY-SIX
Seth sat awkwardly in the backseat of the Jag while Itzy rode shotgun.  Aidan tapped impatiently on the window frame of his car door and swore under his breath at the London traffic they had found themselves in.  It had gone eight o’clock, but it was a Saturday, so it might as well have been rush hour.
‘So what are you saying?’ Itzy asked.  ‘Melody has somehow kidnapped my brother?’
Aidan cursed a cyclist who had just overtaken them.  ‘Well, I don’t know for certain,’ he said, ‘but…that’s my theory, aye.’
‘But why?’
‘I’m not sure,’ he said, his eyes concentrating on the road ahead of him.  ‘All I know is: we need to think up a plan.’
‘I second that,’ Seth piped up from the back, glad to have something to focus on, other than fantasies of making Aidan disappear.  It had been bad enough seeing the look on Itzy’s face when she talked about him, but seeing Aidan return that look….  ‘I don’t want a repeat of what happened in the crop circle.’
Aidan nodded.  ‘If I’m right, Melody will have lulled Oz with her music.  And she probably roped Verdi into helping her.’
‘No pun intended, eh?’ Seth joked weakly, but in fact the image of Itzy being dragged across the field by living vines had become a recurring nightmare of his, and he didn’t wish it on his best friend.
‘Aye,’ said Aidan.  ‘And something yis need to understand is if she makes her cat-melodeon racket when we’re there, I’ll probably be the only one unaffected.’
‘Why?’ Seth wondered.  He did a bad job of disguising his suspicion.  He still wasn’t convinced Aidan didn’t know more than he let on.
‘I wish I knew the answer to that,’ Aidan said quietly.  ‘Powers -’ he glanced briefly at Itzy and amended ‘- most powers don’t touch me.’
Seth slumped back in his seat.  ‘How convenient,’ he mumbled.
Aidan gave Seth a curious look in the rear-view mirror, but said nothing.
Itzy twisted in her seat to meet Seth’s eyes.  ‘Why don’t you do that thing you did?’ she suggested, clearly eager to change the subject.
‘Oh right.’  Seth gave her an exaggerated nod.  ‘That thing, yeah.’
She rolled her eyes.  ‘You know.  The Egypt thing.’
He shook his head.  ‘Wouldn’t help.  It’s the equivalent of hiding in a wardrobe.  Sooner or later, we’d have to come back out, and who knows how bad the situation would’ve got in the meantime?’
He noted how stricken Itzy seemed at the words hiding in a wardrobe.  What did that mean?
‘Why don’t you just write us all a happy ending?’ Seth suggested in return.
Aidan glanced once again at Itzy before refocusing on the road.  They crossed a bridge over the Thames.  The river glistened on either side of them in the fading light.
‘I don’t know if I can do that,’ Itzy almost whispered.
‘Why not?’ Seth pressed.
‘Well, I mean…I could try,’ she said.  ‘It’s just…I’ve never done that before.’
Seth stared at her.  ‘Never done what?  Written a happy ending?’
‘Well, I have, but not until after lots of horrible stuff happened first.  Otherwise, it wouldn’t be interesting, right?’  She turned back around so she was facing forward and fidgeted with her fingers as she stared out the car window.
Aidan reached over and put his hand on her shoulder, drawing her attention.  He gave her an encouraging smile and Seth looked away, feeling uncomfortably like a third wheel in this operation.
‘So maybe we’ll have to face some challenges, first,’ Aidan told her.  ‘We just need it all to work out in the end.’
‘It’s more than that,’ she said with a sigh.  ‘I’m not sure how quickly I can make things happen.  Little things, yeah, I guess sometimes they happen right away.  But a whole scene?  Who knows when that would play out?’
Seth looked up briefly and saw Aidan pull his hand back, replacing it on the steering wheel.
‘Don’t waste time, then,’ Aidan told her.  ‘Start writing.’
* * *
The last half hour of their journey had been spent finding a parking space in Central London.  By the time they arrived at the museum, it was getting late.  Tourists and boisterous Londoners bustled past them on the street, undoubtedly on their way to a pub or club for the night.
‘You really think they’re in there?’ Itzy wondered as they stood outside the Victorian black iron gates topped with ornamental spikes so no one could climb over.  Beyond the gates, the museum stood in all its faux-Roman majesty, its perimeter studded with creamy Ionic columns.
Aidan shrugged.  ‘That’s what she said.’
‘And what Oz said,’ Seth put in.  ‘Or rather, what Melody must have made Oz say.’
‘But how did they get in there?’ Itzy wondered.
Aidan pressed his hand against the place where the gates opened electronically during normal opening times - which had ended about three hours earlier.  ‘I reckon Melody turned her music up to a shriek that was so piercing, it broke the glass of one of the wee windows and they were able to climb inside.  She did it once before, when I was out and she forgot her key and got locked outside the flat.’  Despite their circumstances, he laughed at the memory.
Itzy shook her head at this.  ‘Wouldn’t that set off an alarm?’
‘She’s like a bat,’ Aidan said.  ‘Shur she can make sounds to interfere with that sort of thing.’
Itzy gaped at him.  She opened her mouth to respond, and noticed Seth drawing a square with his hands.  Aidan’s hand fell through the gate and he stumbled before regaining his footing.  A block of transparency had materialised, allowing them to see through the gate and into the square that lay at the foot of the museum.  Aidan let out a whistle of admiration and Seth stood back proudly.
‘Let me guess,’ said Itzy.  ‘You only just realised you could do that, too.’
‘Pretty much,’ said Seth.
‘Well, come on then,’ said Aidan.  He hurried through the doorway, with Seth following.  Only Itzy hung back.
‘Don’t you think we’re attracting attention?’ she remarked.
Seth motioned to the busy street bordering the gate.  A group of twenty-something-year-old men pushed past, singing a football anthem in at least five different keys.  They were followed by a crowd of laughing women decked out in pink.  The woman in the centre wore a sash that read, Bride to Be.
‘It’s London,’ Seth said.  ‘Who ever notices anything here?’
He was right; the crowds were engrossed in their own conversations, while seamlessly dodging each other as they crossed paths.  They weren’t paying any attention to three teenagers on the wrong side of the museum gates.  It was a little unsettling to think how much one could get away with in such a city.
Itzy stepped through the doorway and Seth waved it away behind her.  They crossed the square, past the modern art sculpture erected to greet visitors, and mounted the steps to one of the main doors.  It was oversized and made of heavy dark wood.  Without thinking about it this time, Seth created another doorway, and light poured out from within.  They entered the museum and were swathed in the remaining sunlight outside, beaming down through the glass ceiling.  At the centre was the museum library, surrounded by a circular stone walkway, with doorways leading off to the exhibits.
Itzy had been to the museum uncountable times, but only as a little girl.  Stephen had taken her, of course, to teach her about what he did.  He’d known most of the staff and given his daughter personal guided tours, explaining the history of each item, while she only half-listened, her imagination running away with her and dreaming up what she would later realise were historical romances.
After her father left them - after she made him leave - she had never returned to the museum.  It held too many painful memories of the times when Stephen had tried to share something with her and teach her things.  Looking around at it now, she felt numb at heart.
‘Where do you think they could be?’ she broke the silence that had fallen over their trio.  
‘I haven’t the foggiest,’ said Aidan, ‘but I’d wager we just listen for voices.’
They chose a doorway at random and kept their ears open as they navigated through the labyrinthine corridors of the museum.  All the while, Itzy tried to force her worries from her mind and replace them with words, sentences, something constructive.
She still hadn’t managed to finish her story.  The boys didn’t understand what it was like to be a writer.  Sometimes the ideas were incomplete.  They took time to form, to solidify into something meaningful.  
The greatest difficulty she faced now was not knowing what they would find when they reached their destination - wherever that might be.  She didn’t know what to imagine.
Then it occurred to her that perhaps she had control over that, too.  Just how far did her talents extend?
But even then, hers was the power to narrate.  As far as she knew, she couldn’t just think, ‘Ropes: disappear.’  She had to put it into context and form sentences in her mind.  And that took a lot of consideration.  The wrong wording could put them in terrible trouble - which she was convinced was what happened that afternoon when she broke the light bulb in her bedroom.
When they passed the Rosetta Stone, Seth stopped in front of it.  It was at least half his height and much wider.
‘I’ve never seen it so clearly,’ he explained over his shoulder as he examined it through its glass casing.  ‘Normally there’s a queue and it’s murder getting to the front of it.’
‘We don’t have time,’ Itzy noted from behind him.
He sighed and turned around, continuing to follow them past parades of headless Greek statues, an exhibit on living and dying in different cultures from around the world, Chinese and Korean ceramics and jewellery, Islamic artefacts, a Moai statue nabbed from Easter Island - yet still they didn’t find what they were looking for.  
They climbed a marble staircase to the upper floor and found themselves surrounded by Samurai relics, a collection of swords, ancient Celtic crosses, Mesopotamian pottery, and yet more Greek and Roman stonework.  Just when Itzy thought maybe this was a wild goose chase after all, Seth announced, ‘I hear them’.
The trio stopped in place and, sure enough, faint voices could be heard in the distance.
They followed the sound, finally ending up in the entranceway to the ancient Egypt section.  The walls were lined with glass cases filled with items that had been found in Egyptian tombs, things the mummies supposedly needed with them in the afterlife, and yet now they were on display for all the world to see.  So much for respect for the dead.
At the centre of the room was a larger glass case housing a sarcophagus.  Its lid was painted in rich gold, red, blue.  It looked so ordinary, there was something hyper-real about it.  It looked less convincing than the mummy Itzy had seen in Seth’s imagination.  She supposed she had seen mummies on television and in books so many times, when she was actually faced with one, it struck her as anticlimactic.
The sarcophagus itself depicted a pharaoh with his arms at his sides and his hair long and square around his head.  He wore a smile of eternal serenity, and his limbs were gold, like Aidan’s.
But what made Itzy gasp was Oz.
He was leaning against one of the exhibits, mummified the Verdi way, wrapped in an array of thick vines dressed in thorns, the sort of creeper that sometimes grew under the foundations of houses and threatened to uproot them if they weren’t poisoned in time - and even then, they didn’t always die.  Any part of him that was visible was covered in scratches and cuts.  His face was painted in dried blood and his clothes torn.  His hair mushroomed around his face as his head leaned back against the glass.
Off to the side was Verdi, sitting on a bench, hunched over a 3DS and shooting virtual enemies.  He had clearly fulfilled his part in the plan and no longer cared.  His dark hair covered his face, making him look like a goth Cousin Itt.
Melody was pacing near him, clearly nervous.  She wore skinny jeans that clung to her hips, and a pastel pink baby-tee.  Her hair was swept over her head, some of it falling into her face, but she didn’t make to move it.  She was too lost in her thoughts.
Aidan announced their presence by clearing his throat.
Melody looked up in surprise, before a look of elation spread across her face.  ‘You came!’ she squealed like a little girl who had just been told she could have a pony for her birthday.  ‘I knew you would.  All of you,’ she added as she took in the sight of Itzy and Seth.
‘Oz!’ Itzy cried as if she’d just been roused from a deep spell.
She ran to her brother’s side, Seth right behind her.  She lifted Oz’s head and he blinked at her wearily.  Then his face took on the look of someone swallowing - Seth had produced water for him.
Itzy glared up at Melody with cold hostility.  ‘What have you done to him?  How did you even find him?’
Melody shrugged carelessly.  ‘It’s a funny thing, Itzel.  I don’t think you realise just how close my ex-boyfriend here was to your father.  Before he died, they used to talk all the time.  Aidan had all his numbers scribbled down on a piece of paper.  I found it, a while back.  He was using it as a bookmark.’
Itzy recoiled.  She didn’t trust herself to speak.
‘Call it instinct,’ Melody continued, ‘but I kept that paper.  I guess I just knew it would come in handy some day.’  She shot a smile at Aidan, who remained impassive.
Determined not to let that spoil her mood, she turned back to Itzy.  ‘So, I made some calls.  I said I was a friend of your brother’s and I’d changed my phone, so I’d lost his number.  His mother gave it to me, in the end.’
Despite his predicament, Oz looked up in surprise.  ‘You…she was home?  But she….’
Melody ignored him.  ‘I texted him and said I knew something about the Wisdom.  And, like the gullible fools you all are -’ she splayed out her hands to indicate all her guests ‘- he came running!’
Itzy wanted to argue with her, but she had a point.  And what had Oz been trying to say?
Melody beamed a self-satisfied smile at the still immoveable Aidan.  ‘Are you just going to stand there?  Come see what I’ve done.’
He clasped his hands together behind his back.  ‘I can see what ye’ve done, from here.  What’re ye wanting?  Applause?’
He released his hands and drew them forward, clapping slowly.  Clap.  Clap.  Clap.  The sound echoed around the room and down the adjoining marble hallway.
Melody’s hair flew behind her as she stormed toward him, skirting the vividly painted sarcophagus.  ‘For someone so intelligent, sometimes you can be so stupid,’ she threw at him.
Aidan’s head lilted.  ‘Oh?  Would ye be hoping to win me back through flattery, then?’
She stopped two paces from him.  ‘You like to think you’re so powerful,’ she said with venom, ‘but I’ve realised you’re all talk.  You have all these ideas, but you never do anything.  Even in the fields, who did all the work?  Verdi.’  She pointed to her brother, who looked up in surprise.
‘Leave me out of this,’ he said from his bench, as if he hadn’t already involved himself by entrapping Oz.
‘And what was it even for?’ Melody went on as though Verdi hadn’t said anything.  ‘Finding the Wisdom.’  She laughed like it was the funniest joke she’d ever heard.  ‘Do you even know what that means?’
Aidan redistributed his body weight from one leg to the other and sighed.  ‘What’s yer point, Melody?’
‘My point,’ she snapped, ‘is that I have found a way to get you the answers you think you need.’
His brow rose with scepticism and he folded his arms across his chest in challenge.  ‘And what would that be?’
She smiled and motioned to Oz on the floor.
Aidan regarded him thoughtfully.  Then he looked back at Melody and asked, ‘And how might that fella be able to help me?’
She grinned wickedly at him.  ‘He can raise the dead.’  When there was no response, she added, ‘And look what we have here!’
She turned out her hand, as if she were royalty greeting her minions, and motioned to the mummy lying sleeping in his painted box.  The atmosphere took on an eerie air at the thought that they were in a graveyard of sorts.
Aidan scratched the side of his unreadable face, just below his ear.  ‘And?’ he prompted her.
She made a noise of impatience and rolled her eyes at him.  Speaking slowly, as if to a child, she explained, ‘I once read in one of Daddy’s boring history books that the Egyptian pharaohs were Ancients.  So I figured one of them might know what happened to the Wisdom.  Who knows?  Maybe this musty old corpse would love to blurt all the secrets it took to its grave.  After all, it was left behind on Earth, just like we were, right?  I bet there’s some proper resentment festering in this room.’  She grinned at her audience like she was terribly pleased with her own brilliance.
Itzy was dumbfounded.  She threw a look at Aidan, wondering what he was thinking.
‘And just how were ye planning on getting him to perform for ye?’ he asked, his expression one of disinterest.
Melody spun around on her heels and rushed in Itzy’s direction.  She yanked her by the hair so she could make eye contact.  Itzy let out a small cry.  She pressed her lips together and clenched her teeth through the pain.
As if she knew what pain really was, yet.
Melody closed her eyes.
* * *
Everyone’s heads filled with the sound of buzzing handsaws.  They fell to their knees, writhing in pain and unable to speak to beg for release.  Only Aidan remained unaffected by it.  Just as he’d predicted.
He stepped closer to Melody and maintained a cool poker face.  He knew her too well.
‘Just one wee problem,’ he pointed out.  He had to raise his voice to be heard over the screaming that surrounded them.  ‘How’re ye planning to get him to do tricks for ye if he can’t think straight for pain?’
Melody chewed the inside of her cheek.  Her eyes narrowed at him and a look of murder filled her face.  All at once, the buzzing stopped, and the others fell to the floor in exhaustion and relief.
‘It’s not permanent,’ Melody told him.  ‘It’s just a taster of what they can expect if he doesn’t comply.’
Aidan considered this for a moment.  ‘Ya realise I could kill ye right now,’ he told her quietly.
She gave him a wry smile.  ‘If you wanted to,’ she said.  ‘But you don’t.  Remember?  You’re all talk.’
He gave no indication of whether he agreed with that proclamation.
‘So,’ she said as she headed back across the room to where Oz sat bound.  She dropped to the ground and crouched in front of him.  ‘Are you going to do what Mummy says?’ Melody joked badly.
‘You want me to make it talk?’ Oz guessed through ragged breaths.  ‘Is that it?’
Melody nodded meaningfully.
‘Fine,’ he said.  ‘Whatever.  I’ll make the stupid mummy talk to you.’
‘Don’t do it,’ Seth’s voice rang out across the room.
Oz knitted his brow.  ‘Why?  Who cares?  So she talks to a corpse.  So what?  If that’s how she gets her kicks, fine.  Just untie me.’
‘No,’ she said.  ‘Not until you do it.  I don’t think you need your hands for it.’
Aidan watched this scene as if it were happening on the other side of a glass wall, separating him from them.  Seeing Melody in this state, he wondered what he’d ever seen in her.  How could he not have known what lurked beneath her surface?
‘What’re ye trying to prove?’ he heard himself ask.
Melody turned on him, her eyes wide with astonishment.  ‘What am I trying to prove?’ she repeated.
‘Aye.  Why’re ye doing this?’
Her expression grew furious and she stormed over to him.  ‘I’m doing this for you!’ she shouted in Aidan’s face.  ‘Don’t you get that?  All I’ve ever done this last year has been for you!’  She pounded her fists against his chest, pummelling him through the folds of his grey hoodie.
For the second time that day, he gripped her by her wrists and held them tightly.  This time, he didn’t care if he hurt her.  Melody twisted in his grasp, but she couldn’t free herself.
‘This,’ Aidan said evenly, ‘is not for me.  This is all for yerself.’
She flinched.  ‘How can you say that?’ she whispered.
She went limp in his hands.  He released her and shoved her aside.  She wrapped her arms around herself, as if she were undressed and didn’t want him to see her exposed.  Then fresh fury overtook her and she flew in Oz’s face.
‘Make it talk, death boy.  Or your sister gets it.’
‘Oz, no,’ Seth protested again, his voice weak with lingering pain.
Aidan wondered if perhaps he was right.  After all, Aidan had seen Oz’s animal skeletons, but humans?  He didn’t like to think of the implications of such a thing.  Zombie films had never been his thing.
But Oz’s eyes were already closed in concentration.  Whatever was going to happen…well, it was going to happen.
At that moment, the vines tying Oz down began to unravel.  They snaked themselves slack, at last dropping in a heap on the floor, and Oz’s eyes jolted open.  Aidan twisted in the direction of Seth, who now no longer lay helpless on the floor but stood strongly on his feet.  Anger flashed in his blue eyes.  Against the pillar, Oz jerked himself to his feet, his legs like jelly from sitting for so long.
‘No,’ said Melody.  Then, louder, ‘No!’
She poured her anger into her thoughts, letting it flow like the most angst-ridden symphony ever composed.  Her emotional circuit boards had reached breaking point.  Aidan watched the effect as the sound flooded his companions’ brains once more with its rage.  A dreadful chorus of shrieking filled the room.  It was them - they were screaming, and they were falling to the floor, crawling across the tiling, crying out for their agony to end.
A noise crashed in one of the other rooms of the museum, but no one noticed it except Aidan.  Melody was too absorbed in concentrating her anger on her former prisoners.  
It came again - and again.  It sounded like it was getting louder…or closer.  Instinct turned Aidan in Itzy’s direction.  Across the room, her eyes were closed against the onslaught of hate assaulting her brain.  But they moved under her eyelids, like someone caught in REM sleep, and her expression was alert, as though she were seeing something only she could see, in her mind’s eye.  Black stars sparkled all around her.
He recognised her expression.  He’d seen it once before, in his car.  She was writing.
Well, it was about time! 
Except…what was she writing?
Aidan dashed to the doorway and looked through the adjoining rooms.  Something was coming for them.
Then the noise was behind them, too.  It was coming from all directions.
Aidan started to say, ‘What -’ when he was cut off by something whizzing past his head.  It lodged itself in the wall next to him.  He started when he saw what it was:
A long slender sword. 
Bloody hell,’ he cursed when he’d caught his breath.  Just what had Itzy done?
Melody’s furious trance was broken by the whistling sound of a second sword flashing through the air.  In the doorway hovered a suit of samurai armour from a Japanese exhibit.  No body dwelt within it, yet it had structure and moved like a person might.  It clunked toward them, wielding a long sword, despite having no arms.  Held by nothing, it danced dangerously in the air.
The others collapsed to the floor again, groaning in the aftermath of the double-whammy of pain.  Aidan’s eyes darted toward Itzy, who stared at the armour in abject terror.  It occurred to Aidan that Itzy, in her untrained naivety, was perhaps just as deadly as he could be.  But whereas Aidan’s slogan might have been, If he wanted to, Itzy’s was more like, Whether she means to or not.
‘Verdi, do something!’ Melody shrieked as she beheld her new opponent.
Verdi’s head was obviously reeling from his sister’s indiscriminate punishment - she’d never been very good at projecting her powers on specific people.  His DS lay open at his feet, GAME OVER flashing on the screen.
The armour stepped menacingly in Melody’s direction.  She should have run, but she seemed paralysed with fear.
Somehow Verdi scrambled to his feet.
The sword lifted into the air - when suddenly Verdi’s brambles wrapped themselves around the enlivened metal.  Melody exhaled audibly and they watched as the brambles tightened, squeezing the metal and slowly compacting it -
until the sword came down and, in one fell swoop, sliced through the vines as if through butter.  They fell neatly away in a jumble of disgruntled pieces and the armour, albeit a bit warped, stepped forward again, undeterred in its object.
Verdi’s mouth dropped open.  He tugged his sister’s arm.  ‘Okay, Mel, you’ve had your fun, now let’s go.’
The armour took another step toward them.
‘No,’ she said.  ‘This wasn’t supposed to happen.’
Again, it came for them.  
‘Mel, I mean it: let’s go!’ Verdi ordered.  He yanked her hand, turning them both in the opposite direction.
At last, he got her moving, and they ran.  They ran and ran, with the armour clunking after them like some antique Terminator that could not be killed.  They ran until, finally, their footsteps could no longer be heard echoing through the maze of the museum, and it seemed they had escaped.
The others watched this scene in amazement - then let out cheers of jubilation and rushed to congratulate each other in the centre of the room.
Aidan hurried over to Itzy and helped her off the floor.  ‘You did it!’ he cried, and he flung his arms around her in a tight hug.
‘I did!’ she exclaimed with excitement.  ‘I can’t believe it, but I -’
‘Hang on,’ Oz interrupted his sister.  He stood at their side, his eyes fixed on the next room over.  He looked very worried.  
Seth joined them.  ‘What is it?’ he asked.  Then his eyes grew wide and he doubled backward.
The armour was coming back…this time, for them.
Aidan stepped forward, his eyes also trained on their would-be killer.  ‘Itzy, make it stop,’ Aidan instructed in a low, deep voice.
‘I - I can’t,’ Itzy stammered behind him.
He whirled around to face her.  ‘What d’ye mean?  You created this.  Can’t ye make it stop?’ he asked, in an echo of their first ever conversation.
He realised he already knew the answer to his own question.  She was powerful, yes, but she was still so inexperienced.  It was exactly what Melody had been banking on, and it was about to get them all killed.
Itzy closed her eyes, obviously fighting off tears, and threw her palm to her forehead.  ‘Okay, I just - I need time to think of something,’ she said.
‘We don’t have time,’ Oz said grimly.
The armour hurtled toward them, parting the quartet and rushing right for Itzy.  Its sword was aimed at her, hungry for gore.  Aidan’s heart pounded with panic.  It was like a bad dream, where he could see what was about to happen but could do nothing to prevent it.  Just as he ‘woke up’, prepared to spring into action -
she vanished.
The armour went right through the place where she had stood and stumbled forward in bewilderment.  The sword crashed to the floor.  Black lines wibbled in the air, like cracks in a wall.
Aidan shook his head and the lines went away, just as Itzy had.
Oz interrupted his thoughts by asking, ‘Where’d she go?’
‘Oh, you know,’ said Seth, ‘I did that thing.  I hid her.’
Aidan dragged his gaze away from the spot where Itzy had disappeared and turned to face Seth.  He was about to ask just what he meant by I hid her, but there wasn’t time.  The bewitched armour had recovered and was coming for them, now.
They stood, just staring at it, as if they couldn’t believe what was happening, before the adrenaline surged through their bodies and they dodged sideways, parting from each other and leaping toward the walls.  The long samurai sword came down against one of the exhibit cases, sending an explosion of glass in every direction.  Aidan ducked to avoid catching anything in his eyes.  When he looked up again, he saw Seth put up his hands, prepared to perform his magic again.
There was a shattering sound from the next room.  Everyone’s heads were drawn that way, wondering what new surprise was about to present itself to them.
Through the wide doorway, they could see the glass in the display cases bursting.  As if moved by a gust of indoor wind, it flew at the Descendants like violent confetti.  They threw themselves at the floor, to protect their bodies.  When the glass had finished falling, they dared to lift their heads once more.
Now that the glass was gone, objects that had never before tasted modern air flew gleefully from their places and spun together into funnels, before cycloning their way into the Egypt room.  Much of it was clay pots the shape of cow or pig heads, moulded by the Ancients thousands of years before.
They smashed themselves into walls in suicidal ecstasy.  Shards of hardened terracotta burst like firecrackers, showering down upon the Descendants.  A chaos of noise filled their ears.  A piece of pottery grazed Oz’s arm, reopening one of the wounds left behind from Verdi’s thorny plants.  Fighting off the pain, Oz flattened himself on the ground, next to Seth.
On the other side of the room came the sound of pounding feet.  Only, when the owners of those feet appeared, Aidan realised there were no feet after all, only stone.  Itzy had somehow brought an entire stone army of headless Greeks to their ‘rescue’.  They hopped viciously against the ground, while Samurai swords made their appearance and rained down on them, smashing the stonework.
Aidan stood apart from his companions, his vision blocked by one piece after another of animated pottery, threatening to take out his eyes, and swords threatening to take off his limbs.  All the while, the metal armour still clunked about the room, slamming its own sword blindly against the glass that surrounded them.
Aidan stepped back against the wall, in awe of what Itzy had done.  It seemed she had a certain knack for letting her stories run away from her.  Without meaning to, she could conjure a whirlwind of disaster.  And when she did mean to do something, well, he knew what that felt like too.  And it was no less unsettling than what surrounded them now.
Across the room, he saw Seth’s hands furiously working the air.  A stone box enveloped Seth and Oz, shielding them from the chaos.  A heartbeat later, the front of the box grew translucent, so Aidan could see them once again.  Then, without asking for it, a matching box materialised around Aidan.  He admired Seth’s quick thinking, though he acknowledged it was only a temporary measure.
He considered how to get out of this alive.  What were their options?
He discounted Oz automatically.  He was like the boy in the second X-Men film whose sole mutation was the ability to change television channels by blinking.  It was a neat trick, but its uses were limited.
On the other hand, just as Aidan had recently told Itzy, sometimes his powers were useful.
He slowly closed his eyes.
Despite the box, it was hard to focus on anything amidst the pandemonium all around him.  Aidan had been feeling the splitting within his mind grow with intensity ever since he had arrived at the museum.  He knew from experience that the worst thing would have been to fight against it.  If he was going to divide, so be it.  Perhaps he could use that.
So he allowed one part of his brain to panic.  It was the more human side, he supposed, while the alien side lifted right out of his body, a separate entity observing all that surrounded him.  He reached for that entity, grabbing it with his mental arms and pulling it toward him.  He melted into it, becoming one with it.  At some point, he realised he could no longer feel his own body.
When he opened his eyes, the box was no longer there.  The people were gone, the objects had vanished - even the ceiling and walls had disappeared.  In their place were billions upon billions of atoms, hovering and vibrating magnetically together but never quite touching.  His grey eyes were microscopes, allowing him to see right into the spaces that lay between the molecules.
Not for the first time, he marvelled at the fact that there was no such thing as emptiness.  Even the air was filled with particles.  It was so busy.  So what was it that that made him a different creature from Seth, for instance?  Their consciousness was all.  But even that, Aidan thought, was perhaps more connected than they might believe.
It was in those moments - when Aidan really used his power - that he found himself faced with the interchangeable nature of all things in the universe.  It reminded him of the ‘magic’ painting books he had as a child, where there were pictures made up of dots, like impressionist art.  All he had to do was add water, and somehow the dots smeared together into colour.  Then the pictures would become clear.  Before that, they were just a mess of equidistant points.
That was the key to how Aidan’s power worked.  When he saw that his physical form was no different to anything else around him, he found he was part of that matter.  He could touch its essence, join with it, take control and act on its behalf - and he could change it.
I am it, and it is me, he thought as he stepped away from Seth’s wall and turned his attention on the glittering grey he knew to be the living armour.  He stared at it with deadly intent.  A clay pot flew over his head, but he didn’t feel the breeze of it going by.  A shard of glass grazed his leg, but it didn’t hurt.  He was enveloped in a bubble of protection, through the strength of his mind.  His golden complexion glowed with his power, lighting him up like a full moon.
Before everyone’s eyes, the metal started to melt under his unblinking glare.  It liquefied and dripped to the floor in a pool of silver, grateful to be put out of its misery.
The sword drizzled down beside what was left of the armour, like a desperate lover throwing himself at the side of the lifeless object of his desire.
No longer having to think about what he was doing, Aidan turned his fearsome glare on the possessed pottery.  Some distant part of himself watched with remote interest as it crumbled quickly into dust.  The glass transformed into water and fell over them like rain.  He shut his eyes again and allowed the coolness of his mind to surge forward. 
He lifted his arms and a great inexplicable wind flew from him.  It swept through the room, blowing the dust into the corridor next door.  With one last push of his hands, the Greek statues shot out of the room, as if pulled back on reels.  At last, they hit a wall, where they smashed and settled in the distance.
The sudden stillness in the room was deafening, like the pounding in one’s ears after spending an hour at a rock concert.
It was finished.
* * *
Aidan felt himself drop back into his body, his two conflicting sides melding into one shared form, and he reopened his eyes.  The dark blankness had left them, and everything that was Aidan Carnegie shone in them once more.
He felt exhausted.  It had been a long time since he’d exerted so much of his energy.  He staggered backward and put out his hand to catch the wall before he could fall.  The boxes vanished and his audience stood where they were.  He was vaguely aware they were staring at him - and they looked afraid.
Only one thing could have drawn their attention from him in that moment, and that was Itzy’s return to the room.  She tumbled back into visibility, a startled look on her face.
Aidan was seized by renewed energy.  He flew across the room to her, but halted just before he reached her, startled by the presence of those same black lines sparking through the air.  He blinked and they went away.  He wondered if anyone else had seen them.
Then he took that final step forward and put his hands to Itzy’s face, touching it all over, checking she was real.  The second their skin connected, a sense of peace fell over him, like night settling over an endless field.
‘Are you alright?’ she asked.
Aidan smiled for the first time all day.  How had he ever thought he could keep away from her?  How had he imagined even for one moment that he might be able to keep his feelings for her under control?  Everything about her pulled him apart.
He caught her hand in both of his own.  Their eyes locked, speaking volumes to each other without saying the words, and he knew - he just knew - there was no way he would ever be able to slow things down between them.  
‘How can ye ask me that?’ he laughed.  ‘Are you alright?’
Itzy smiled shyly, brushing her hair behind her ear, and said, ‘I am now.’
The room spun around him.  It felt like Oz and Seth were a mile away from them - like he and Itzy had been lifted out of the room and now hovered together in a mist.  His need for her was dizzying.
The truth was that Aidan hadn’t been afraid of the museum coming to life, or the sword flying at them.  But he was afraid of whatever it was Itzy was doing to him, without her even being aware of it.
All he wanted was to kiss her.  It didn’t matter that they had an audience, or that he got the distinct impression that at least one of them wouldn’t want to see that kind of museum display.  He had to have her.
He was struck with the unsettling realisation that the only other time he’d ever felt that sort of compulsion had been the night he’d stolen his father’s car.  The night the voice had spoken to him, telling him all he sought lay south.
London, it had finally told him.
And here she was - everything he’d been searching for, whether he’d realised it or not.  He wondered if maybe the Wisdom was love.
Their attention was drawn by the sound of the room pulling itself together again.  Now it was Seth’s turn to be in the spotlight.  He waved his hands as if conducting an orchestra, sweeping along the lines that branched across the ceiling, and now the walls.  The cracks glued themselves back together before vanishing altogether.  When the building was finally healed, it sighed as if alive and thankful for Seth’s magical salve.  The glass cases were reinstated and, after a while, the exhibit looked more or less like it had before they arrived.
Then Seth turned to Oz and said, ‘You’re living up to your name today, mate.  You look like death.’
Oz rolled his eyes.  ‘Osiris wasn’t Death.  He was the king of the underworld.  There’s a difference.’
‘Uh-huh.’  Seth placed his hands on his friend’s cheeks.  His eyes closed and the air grew still.  When Seth finally stepped away from Oz, all traces of the deadly trees had vanished.
‘Thanks,’ Oz said in his typically understated way.  ‘Just one problem.  How do we replace all those priceless artefacts?’
‘Um, yeah,’ said Seth.  ‘Well, I can replicate them to the best of my memory, but they won’t exactly be the same.’
Itzy cleared her throat and offered, ‘I could maybe -’
‘No!’ the other three cried at once, before exchanging a look and grinning at each other.
‘Cheers,’ Seth now said.  Aidan turned in surprise, realising he was talking to him.  ‘For saving us,’ Seth clarified.  He angled his head in the direction of the silver puddle, which he now ‘erased’ with a swipe of his hand.
Aidan shrugged.  He’d never been very good with these sorts of scenes and he wasn’t sure what to say.  It was one of the many things that gave people the wrong impression of him.
‘And you,’ he returned.  ‘Ya saved Itzy.’
Seth shrugged, too.  Obviously he was just as bad at this.
‘Where’d ye go, anyway?’ Aidan asked Itzy.
The question seemed to overwhelm her, but she managed to say, ‘I’m not sure.  It was strange.  It was like I was standing in a sort of vestibule.  All around me were doorways and they all led to different places.  And through one of them, I could see everything that was happening here.  Just like looking through the doorway Seth made to get us into the museum.’  She gestured in his direction, and the others turned their attention on him.
Seth’s brow rose in alarm.  ‘I…I didn’t mean to send you anywhere like that,’ he stammered.  ‘I was picturing your room.  Um…your wardrobe, actually, because of something that struck me earlier….’  He shifted in discomfort.  ‘I probably just wasn’t thinking straight and made a mistake.’
Aidan couldn’t help noticing how unconvinced Seth sounded by his own explanation.  Now more than ever, he wanted - no, needed - to know if the others had seen those strange black lines.  He opened his mouth to speak -
but he was stopped by the sound of an ageless voice.
‘Children!’ it said with disgust.  ‘I was woken by children!’
They all turned in the direction of the voice -
in the direction of the mummy, which had now cast aside the lid of its sarcophagus and sat up.
TWENTY-SEVEN
It was rotted and black, its bandages ragged and torn.  It couldn’t move its arms, for being bound.  But its lips moved behind the once-white strips around its mouth.  A putrid smell filled the room.
‘Oz,’ Itzy whispered to her brother, though her eyes never left the mummy.
‘I’m sorry,’ he choked out.  ‘I didn’t even think I could do it.  I mean, I’ve raised animals before, but that’s different, you know?  They never -’
Talked.  This was off the scale.  It was like something out of an Edgar Allan Poe Story.  Oz had no idea what to do with this extension of his powers.  They could all see that.
Itzy couldn’t help noticing the way Aidan’s head snapped in the mummy’s direction.  He had been all hers, until that voice had spoken.  Now Aidan stared at the mummy as if entranced by it.  He drifted close to the case, close enough for her to feel his breath beside her as his chest heaved in and out with exhilaration.  He looked like he was sleep-walking.  She touched his arm, but he didn’t seem to notice.
‘The Ancients,’ he breathed.  ‘We can actually speak to one of the Ancients.’  It was hard to tell whether he was excited or terrified.
‘This is a mistake,’ Seth reminded them all, his face betraying the nerves that lay beneath.
‘Aye,’ Aidan acknowledged in a shocked whisper.  ‘We’re probably all in tremendous trouble.  But still….’  Again, there was fear in his voice.  But equally, he reminded Itzy of when he’d first spoken to her of his love of driving.
‘You’re smarter than you look,’ the mummy addressed him.  Aidan blinked in surprise, and the mummy continued.  ‘He speaks truth: you’re all in great trouble.’
‘Sorry,’ Seth said, some of his old cool returning to him as he wiped his hand over his head and healed the bleeding wound.  ‘I need to understand this.  How exactly are we all speaking the same language here?  Shouldn’t you speak ancient Egyptian?’
Even behind the bandages, the mummy managed to glare at him like it was contemplating burning him in the desert sun.  Then it ran its blind gaze over each one of them, studying them.
‘So you are what became of us,’ the mummy finally pronounced.
‘The Descendants,’ Aidan breathed.
The mummy grunted.  It was incredible how much expression it had, without having any face.  ‘No wonder our fathers abandoned us,’ it decided, ‘if you were the future.’
It looked particularly closely at Itzy.  She didn’t like the way it examined her like she was a cadaver lying on a pathology table, waiting for her own autopsy.
‘The Wisdom,’ said Aidan, his voice urgent.  ‘Ya must know where it is.’
The mummy’s head jerked in his direction.  ‘The Wisdom!’  It laughed raucously.  ‘You think you have a right to the Wisdom?’
‘I don’t,’ Aidan admitted, ‘but I want it, all the same.’
The mummy seemed to regard him.  ‘At least you’re honest,’ it finally decided.  ‘But then….’  It looked more closely at him.  ‘I suppose you can’t help but want it, can you?’
Aidan blinked in response, trying to puzzle out the meaning.
‘It’s on Earth,’ Itzy blurted, choosing to ignore the mummy’s cryptic words.  ‘Isn’t it?’
The mummy returned its faceless stare to her, but she held her own in front of it.  ‘Clever,’ it noted.  ‘Yes.  It’s on Earth.’
Aidan’s eyes flew to her in surprise.
She focused on the dead thing before them.  ‘Someone holds it.  A child,’ she quoted her father’s words.  ‘But he doesn’t know he has it.’
‘Itzy,’ she heard her brother’s warning voice.
The mummy seemed amused by her.  ‘You sound like you think you know who this child is,’ it said.
She swallowed.  This was it.  This was the moment when they would learn the truth.  Aidan held the Wisdom all along.  He had to.  Who else could it be?
Oz took in the text on the placard at the base of the mummy’s case and said, ‘You’re a priest, right?  Hornedjitef, is it?’
The mummy snorted, but all it said was, ‘Yes, that’s true.’
‘So you must know a lot about this,’ Oz remarked.  ‘Isn’t the Wisdom something to do with God?’
Again, the mummy made a noise.  ‘Something to do with God,’ it mocked him.  ‘Your understanding of the Wisdom is about as accurate as your pronunciation of my name.’
Oz wore his bemusement on his face.
‘When my people return,’ the mummy addressed the four of them, ‘you’ll all regret your curiosity.  They didn’t leave the Wisdom; they lost it.  And when they discover its whereabouts, they will do anything – anything - to reclaim it.  Once they have the kind of power the possessor of the Wisdom wields, they will be able to accomplish all they ever dreamed of.
‘They will destroy your kind - the disposable half-breeds they always despised.  They will flush out the humans -’ it spat out the word like bad-tasting medicine ‘- and purify the bloodlines.  They will rule the Earth just as they once did - and there will be nothing you can do to stop it.’
Then it turned its horrible eyeless gaze on Aidan, its bandaged body leaning toward him as if to impart a terrible secret.  ‘And you,’ it said, ‘will bring them here.’
Aidan’s usually composed face was overcome with fear, the like of which Itzy had only seen once before, the night she’d made him kiss her.  But that had been a different sort of fear.  This was the fear of a child.
A child holds it, she thought.  
‘I won’t,’ Aidan whispered to the mummy.
‘You already have,’ the mummy hissed in response.  Then it laughed and said the words Itzy had dreamed so many times:
‘They’re coming for you!  They’re coming for you all!’
All at once, it dropped to the floor of its sarcophagus, all traces of life extinguished.
Aidan, Seth and Itzy turned to Oz, who shrugged.  ‘I didn’t like it,’ he explained.
Aidan turned on him sharply.  ‘D’ye realise what we had there?  We could’ve asked it about the afterlife.  It held all the answers to every question we’ve ever asked.’
‘It was an arse,’ Oz said simply.
Aidan doubled backward, visibly deflated, and looked at the lifeless mummy.
After a lengthy silence, Seth said, ‘No really.  How could we understand what it was saying to us?’
‘I don’t know,’ Oz answered him wearily.  ‘Maybe it’s because of me.  I raised him so I controlled him, and that means he’s taken a Rosetta Stone course in English.’
Seth rolled his eyes at this, and then looked away, his stare locking on Itzy.  A moment passed between them, in which Itzy had the mad wish that she could love him.  He was special in so many ways, and all she wanted was for him to be happy.
Seth pulled his gaze away from her and turned back to Oz, who was now busying himself with cleaning out his nails, by the doorway.  ‘Come on, then,’ Seth said.  ‘Let’s be going.’
Oz glanced at his sister, clearly relieved to be escaping the tension that was quickly filling the room.  ‘You alright if we leave?’ he asked. 
Aidan answered for her.  ‘She’ll be grand,’ he said.  ‘I’ll have her ring ye when she gets in.’  It was a relief to hear some of the old colour return to his voice.
Oz pointed at Aidan and said, ‘You’d better.’
Then he nudged Seth and the two of them left, their footsteps echoing through the museum. 
* * *
Itzy realised she was alone with Aidan.  Alone and far from anything that made any kind of sense.  She shivered with anticipation.
‘So, Melody didn’t take the break-up very well,’ she broke the silence.
Aidan’s face drew in surprise, and he laughed.  He shook his head.  ‘She didn’t,’ he said.
He let his words sit in the air, amongst all the other things they weren’t saying to each other.  Not yet.
‘Was the mummy right,’ he asked, ‘when it said ye knew who held the Wisdom?’
Itzy shuffled in place, feeling desperately uncomfortable now that this moment was upon her.  She couldn’t believe just that afternoon she’d been in such a rush to tell him this.
‘I think,’ she said carefully, ‘you have it.’
She could not have predicted the look of horror that now filled Aidan’s steel eyes.  ‘Me?’ he said.  ‘Why?’
‘Because my father wrote about you, in a journal,’ she told him.  ‘He said we were all in trouble because he’d been wrong: the Wisdom was already here on Earth, and now that you’d attracted the attention of the Ancients, they’d come back to find it - without caring what it did to the child who held it.’
Aidan listened to her with rapture.  ‘But why me?’ he repeated.
‘Who else?’ she said, her face full with…awe.
Yes, that was it.  She was in awe of him, of what he could do and what he did to her.  And awe carried a degree of trepidation, which was also appropriate.
‘If it’s true,’ she went on, ‘- and the mummy didn’t refute it - then my father only found out when he started speaking to you.’
He shook his head in denial.  ‘It can’t be,’ he said.  ‘I don’t hold the Wisdom.  I’d know if I did…wouldn’t I?’
‘He said the keeper of the Wisdom didn’t know he had it.’
‘Perhaps he meant yer brother,’ Aidan insisted.  ‘Or Seth.’
Itzy stepped forward.  ‘I don’t think he did.’
Aidan stepped forward, too.  They were almost touching.  And almost, she realised, just wasn’t good enough anymore.
She reached for him at the same time he reached for her, and they folded each other into an embrace.  His face burrowed into her hair.  His breath blew across her bare shoulder, sending shivers down her spine.  He dropped a light kiss on the bottom of her neck, making her tremble.
‘Are you really mine?’ she whispered.
She felt him laugh silently against her.  ‘I was about to ask ye the same thing,’ he said, his words clouded in her skin and hair.
‘Where were you today?’ she asked.  ‘I kept ringing.  You wouldn’t answer.  I thought….’
‘Don’t be thinking that,’ he said.  He pulled away just enough to look at her, their faces inches away from each other.  ‘I went for a drive to clear my head.  I do that sometimes.  I don’t like everyone being able to get in touch with me all the time, so sometimes I switch off my mobile and go somewhere with no reception.’
‘What were you doing?’ she wondered.
He shrugged.  ‘Daydreaming, mostly.’
‘About me?’ she found herself asking.
Aidan grinned at her.  ‘Aye, actually I was.’  He grew thoughtful.  ‘Something I need ye to know is I don’t just let people in like this.  I mean, this?’  He drew one hand away to gesture at himself, before replacing it around her.  ‘This isn’t me.  At least, not the me everyone else knows.  And last night sort of terrified me.’
‘But why?’ she asked in surprise.
‘Because ye have me acting like I’m gone in the head.  I don’t even know ye and there I was, walking out on everything I knew and ringing ye up in the middle of the night.  And then ye - ye did what ye do,’ he euphemised, ‘and suddenly I was out of control.  And that’s not me.  I don’t get out of control.  I’ve worked very hard not to get out of control.’
A new flood of heat rushed through her at these words.
‘I don’t either,’ Itzy told him.  ‘Not like you mean.  Ask Devon - my best friend.  I’ve never done an impetuous thing in my life.  And there I was, coming with you in the middle of the night, and making you do things.’
She laughed at herself.  Then she placed one of her hands against his chest, feeling the race of his heartbeat.
‘But I’m not afraid of it,’ she told him.
‘Then yer braver than I am,’ he said solemnly.
He put his hands on her face and pulled her to him for one more kiss.  It was long and lingering and left them both breathless when it finished.
‘I’d better get ye home,’ he said.  ‘I promised yer brother.’
Reluctantly, Itzy let him take her hand and lead her to the museum exit.
When they reached the door, Aidan turned a scheming smile on her.  ‘Would ye be interested in seeing my way of walking through walls?’
Her eyes lit up with mischief and she nodded.  ‘Go on,’ she said.  ‘Impress me.’
He released her hand and turned his attention to the heavy doors that stood between them and the outside world.  Then he closed his eyes.  It was beautiful to watch him.  He shimmered all over, and power radiated from him in waves, settling warmly over her own skin.
There was a sound like something imploding.  The doors began to wobble like jelly, like the feeling in Itzy’s own stomach as she beheld what he had done, and he turned to her.
‘C’mon, then,’ he said as he took her hand again.
‘We’re going through that?’ she squeaked in amazement.
Aidan laughed.  ‘Just trust me.’  The Celtic lilt to his accent was beautiful.
She let him pull her to the doors.  She put out her free hand and brushed their surface.  It was unstable and bent at her touch, but it left her fingers dry.  Aidan watched as she pushed her whole arm through the strange substance, and then withdrew it again, twisting it from angle to angle and examining it.  Deciding it was safe, she stepped into it, and Aidan stepped in with her.
There was a moment when everything turned the brown of the doors and she couldn’t see him, though she felt his hand clutching hers, erasing any sense of claustrophobia before it could sink in too deeply.
 Then they pushed their way through the doors and found themselves outside.  Aidan turned back to the doors and stared at them until they solidified.
Itzy slid her arm through his and leaned against him.  ‘You might be the most magnificent creature I’ve ever seen,’ she told him.  She meant it to be funny, but her voice betrayed how seriously she meant it.
Aidan twirled around so they were holding each other again.  He pushed her messy hair out of her face and smiled.  ‘If that’s the reaction I get, maybe I should show off more often.’
She sighed heavily.  ‘Do you think we’ll be okay?  You said we were all in danger.’
‘Maybe,’ he said.  ‘You may believe I hold the Wisdom, but I still feel mithered by it all.  I don’t have any useful answers for ye.’  He stroked her cheek.  ‘But one thing’s certain: whatever happens, I won’t be letting anyone hurt ye.’
She smiled and reached up with her head to kiss him again.
* * *
But when she was home, lying in bed and watching the fairy lights blink across her ceiling, she found that every time she closed her eyes, she saw the vestibule again.  Doorways protruded from every angle, stretching out as far as she could see.  They were above, below and all around her.
Black sparked in the air that surrounded her body, and when she opened her eyes, she found among all the mysteries they still hadn’t resolved, she knew two things with certainty:
The Ancients were coming for them.
And they would be there very soon.
A Note from the Author
Thank you so much reading ‘Mythos’!  If you enjoyed it, please take the time to leave a review.  That’s what helps others make the decision to read my book, and I’m always grateful for the support.
If you’d like to find out more about The Descendants, please visit one of the links below.

www.vrindapendred.com

The Descendants Facebook Page

Turn the page for a sneak peak at the next instalment of The Descendants!
The Descendants
Book 2: Second Coming
Between kisses, Aidan kept asking her questions:
Where do I come from?
Who was my father?
Who made me?
Why am I here?
The Ancients are coming for them.  In fact, they’ve already landed on Earth and now they’re searching for the boy who will lead them to the Wisdom.
Some say the Wisdom is ultimate knowledge of the Creator; others say it’s just a myth.  But the golden giant Quetzal knows better.  The Wisdom was lost thousands of years ago, and only its recovery will stop the Ancients from dying.
Meanwhile, Aidan is desperate to discover the identity of his birth parents…and the real reason why he was led away from home in pursuit of the black pulse of his dreams.  Can Itzy protect him from the truth that threatens to divide them?
Turn the page to read the prologue of Book 2!
PROLOGUE
The stars outside flew past them on all sides as the ship ripped its way through space, bending and indenting the black matter.  The ship was so incomprehensibly vast, it was almost hyperbolic.  Jupiter could have fit inside it thirty times and still had growing room.  Something with that sort of mass wasn’t easy to recover from, which was why everywhere it went, it left a gravitational impression.
Its creators had also mastered the art of cloaking, such that as great as the ship was, it could not be seen - much to the puzzlement of the astrophysicists down on Earth who picked up strange mathematical anomalies in the solar system that could not be reconciled according to what they thought of as the natural rules of matter.
The ship’s name was Nibiru.
* * *
Quetzal gazed out the window at the ocean of space they were submarining their way through.  He hadn’t moved in over an hour; there were things weighing upon his mind.
He was tall, over eight feet when he wore his headdress.  His skin was the colour of autumn leaves and his arms - extending from brief black sleeves of leather - were vined with innumerable hieroglyphs, one for each battle he had won.
His hair was like gleaming black beetles that had been crushed into thread, and it flowed like a cape across his back.  He wore a long golden robe embroidered with ancient symbols that only the most educated among their race could understand.  His eyes were long and narrow, angled up at the outer corners, and heavily lined in black, drawing out the fire of his irises.  There were rumours that he could burn you with a single look, if he wanted.
The most defining thing about him was his long nose, which was reminiscent of a bird.  In fact, everything about him gave the impression of a golden eagle, soaring proudly through an endless sky.
He wasn’t happy, just now.  Not that he ever gave off an impression of jubilance, on the best of days.  But today, there was something particularly sombre about his angular face.  It lay in the way his eyes sat still, seeing through the stars and seeking what he knew waited for them in the dark beyond.  It showed in his stance, his hulking legs slightly apart and no piece of him moving.
He had his great hands clasped behind his back, his long fingers mixing with the velvet of his robe.  His eyes were fixed on a point in space where Earth would soon be appearing.  The last time he’d been on that small blue world was two thousand years ago.  It hadn’t ended well.  Something told him this would not go as expected, either.
There was a noise, the sound of the door opening behind him, and someone entered his quarters.
Quetzal didn’t turn around.  He already knew who he would find if he did.
‘How many times have I told you to knock, first?’ he said in that deep, quiet voice of his that sent a thrill of fear through most people.
But Horace was not most people.
‘You’re wanted,’ Horace said.
Quetzal finally turned to face him, slowly, almost disinterestedly, his hands still behind his back.  ‘I said I didn’t wish to be disturbed.  Whoever it is can wait.’
Horace held his eyes defiantly.  Horace, too, was very tall and broad of chest.  His arms were snaked with hieroglyphs - almost as many as Quetzal’s.  His hair was also black, thick and long, his skin a shimmering gold.  And he had the same slanted eyes - but his stare was less fire and more like ash falling from the sky in the aftermath of a volcanic eruption.
He wore his own robe of velvet, but his was the colour of tar and woven with gold thread.  The symbols on Quetzal’s robe spoke of triumph and strength; Horace’s told a story of domination.  And while Horace, too, looked bird-like, his nose was more hooked, giving the impression of an angry parrot.
‘I thought you’d say that,’ Horace commented as he stepped further into the room.  They stood six feet apart, surrounded by Quetzal’s array of instruments, strange devices of metal, glass and imagination.
‘Then you should have saved yourself the time and stayed away,’ Quetzal remarked coolly.
Horace smiled.  It made his face look crooked and untrustworthy.  ‘I didn’t say I would accept your reply.’
Quetzal gave him a crushing look before turning on his heel and gazing out the window again.  It was huge, more like a cinema screen than a window, covering the entire wall of his living quarters on the ship.  
Horace walked across the room, his thick black boots making a heavy clanking sound as each step shook the metal clips bolting them around his large feet.  He stood beside his partner and stared out the window with him.
‘Why are you so fascinated with that insignificant speck of dust?’ Horace wondered.  His voice was just as deep at Quetzal’s, but had none of the natural presence.
Quetzal made a noise that might have been a derisive laugh.  ‘Insignificant?’ he echoed.  ‘You would call your birth home insignificant?’
Horace bristled visibly.  Quetzal knew he didn’t like being reminded that he’d been born on Earth.
‘Sometimes,’ Horace philosophised, ‘the past is best left where it is: in the past.’
‘Be that as it may,’ said Quetzal, ‘the only way to embrace the future is to understand our history.’
‘Is that what you think this is?’ Horace wondered.  ‘Is it your way of reaching the future?’
‘We’re dying,’ Quetzal stated.  He had a way of doing that, of taking the most dramatic, terrible realities and speaking about them as casually as if he were remarking upon the weather.  It was one of the many things about him that made him so formidable; he didn’t seem bothered by anything.  
‘And you think the child can save us,’ Horace summed up.
‘Perhaps,’ said Quetzal.  ‘It was a mistake, leaving the Wisdom behind.’
Horace shrugged his enormous shoulders, making his robe rustle on the marble floor of the room.  ‘Accidents happen,’ he said.
‘Hm.’
‘Besides,’ Horace noted, ‘we don’t know for certain that we left the Wisdom there.’
‘I do,’ Quetzal spoke with finality.  ‘I’ve seen it on my sensors.  It’s out there.’
A blue dot appeared in their view.  It wasn’t much, not yet, but it would grow and grow until it was close enough, and then they would -
‘It’s Charon who wants you,’ said Horace.  ‘Come with me, now.’
Quetzal tore his gaze away from the window with great difficulty.  If it was Charon…well, he had no choice but to obey.  And he supposed he couldn’t stall any longer.  The enormity of their mission fell on him like a large meteorite - and he knew just how heavy that was, because it had actually happened to him, once.
He turned and headed for the door, and Horace followed him.
‘What do you hope to do with all this stuff, anyway?’ Horace asked as he paused at one of the instruments.  It was comprised of a set of small metallic balls caught in a whirlwind of energy, endlessly spinning in the air, suspended from nothing.
Quetzal approached him and pulled Horace’s hand away before it could disrupt the balls, his face like a father exercising tremendous patience with a disobedient child.  ‘Do you know what that does?’ he asked quietly.
Horace smiled.  ‘What do you think?’
Quetzal smiled back.  ‘Then don’t touch it.’  His tone left no room for argument.
They exited the room and walked heavily down the long winding corridor that sloped the interior of the ship, making their way to the lift.  It hummed as it zipped up to their floor and yawned open for them.  It was made of translucent glass; as they stepped inside, they could see its workings surrounding them, and they could see how far up they were.
Horace pushed a series of steel buttons and sent them plummeting down 463 decks of ship, to the Director’s quarters. 
The Director was not a woman to be trifled with.  She did not respond well to Horace’s efforts at flattery when he bowed at her with forced graciousness and commented upon the good state of her health.  She was unpaired and had never been known to take a lover.  But she offered Quetzal a begrudging degree of respect for what she once referred to as strength of character.  She was a woman impressed by power, rather than pretty words.
When they arrived at her door, Horace remembered to knock.  It was a politeness he seemed only able to afford the Director.  There was a low beep as the door opened for them and they were permitted entrance.
Director Charon sat behind a fat desk made entirely of glass, like the lift.  It was a common theme of Nibiru, the design of the brilliant architects whose genius it had been to build underground, under the surface of the planet, and harness its energy - in short, to transform a whole world into a spaceship.
Behind her was another enormous window.  It made her look like she was flying amongst the stars.  Through the translucence of the desk, it could be seen that Charon was dressed in a velvet dress the violet of royalty, which was so long it seemed to sink into the floor beneath her, obscuring her feet.  It flowed out from her waist, but the bodice was tight across her chest.  The sleeves hugged her upper arms, before waterfalling down at the elbows.  Her hair, the colour of straw glinting in the sunlight, cascaded in tempestuous waves, giving the impression of a statuesque lioness.
‘My lady Charon,’ Horace greeted her with an awkward bow.  ‘May I say how well you look today.’
Beside him, Quetzal merely dipped his terrifying head in acknowledgment of the meeting and retained a degree of disinterest.
She’d been writing something, but now she looked up at them.  She sat very straight, her posture untouchable.  ‘Horace,’ she said.  ‘Quetzal.’  Her eyes lingered on him for just a second.  ‘Sit,’ she ordered.
They each did as they were told and sat on the glass chairs across from her.
‘You wanted to see us,’ Quetzal began things.  There were no niceties about him; he was strictly business.
‘I did,’ she said.  ‘We’re almost there.’
‘Yes, my lady,’ Horace agreed.
Charon spun around in her chair and looked out the window.  The blue dot had grown to the size of an orange.
‘Earth,’ she announced.  ‘It’s been a long time.  Perhaps too long.  And now we shall make one of our occasional visits.’  She turned back around to her guests and added, ‘Well.  At least, you will.’
She eyed Quetzal, who was deeply discomfited.
‘Are you ready?’ she asked him in what was the gentlest tone possible for her.  She folded her arms over each other on the table, lifting the edges of her sleeves and revealing her own battle marks on the skin beneath.  
‘Yes,’ he said after a time.
He hoped he sounded convincing.  After all, the whole project had been his idea.  He had devised everything, nineteen years ago.  The trouble was Quetzal had privately developed not a fear, but an anxiety about the results of what everyone had deemed his greatest ever experiment.  He had the uncanny sensation it was now out of his hands, and he was unsure what might become of it.
‘Why do you look so restless?’ Charon asked him.  Her stare missed nothing, not one crease in his forehead, not one lick of his lips.
‘My tracking devices have lost their target,’ he said, again in that simple way of his.  ‘How could that not make me restless?’
Charon’s mouth bent into the closest thing she had to a smile and her long eyes narrowed yet further.  Like Quetzal’s, they were lined in charcoal and burned like fire.  Against the backdrop of her golden hair, they made her look like a star.
‘You worry you won’t find him?’ she surmised from Quetzal’s expression.
‘It’s possible,’ said Quetzal.  He crossed one of his legs over the other in his chair and tried not to notice the way Horace watched him out of the corners of his eyes.
‘It’s not,’ Charon returned.  ‘That’s why I chose you to do this.  Perhaps the child is missing, for now.  But you will retrieve him.  And when you do -’
She didn’t have to finish.  They all knew how that sentence ended.  It had been their mission statement ever since Quetzal had decided to share one of his ‘brilliant’ ideas with the Council after he’d had too much Saturnian wine:
Track the boy, find the Wisdom.  The boy didn’t know it, but he would lead them right to the very thing they had all been searching for.
If everything went according to plan, that was.  And Quetzal had a bad feeling about that little proviso.
In the distance, the orange had grown to the size of a football, and it was still getting closer.
‘Time for you to go, then,’ Charon said as she rose to her feet.
Her dress fell in heavy pleats down her sides.  Everything about her spoke of majesty.  Which it should have, bearing in mind she’d been the Director for ten thousand years, and she’d lived yet longer.
Her guests stood too, putting their right hands over their waists and bowing at perfect 45-degree angles, before straightening.
‘Good luck,’ she told them.  Her eyes again lingered on Quetzal.
‘Thank you, my lady,’ Horace answered for the both of them.
They took their leave of her and doubled back down the corridor, making for the lift one final time.  This time, Horace rocketed them up 312 floors, to the Deck of Descent.
Others on that deck, busy with their own tasks, stopped and stared as the godlike pair made their way past.  Everyone knew what they were about to do.
They pushed a button on the far wall, revealing a doorway, through which they stepped.  The door closed behind them, so it was just they two, as it would be from now on.  They stopped at another expansive window, the largest on the ship, and gazed out at what was now very clearly Earth.
‘Are you ready?’ Horace asked his companion.
‘No,’ Quetzal confessed, ‘but that doesn’t matter.’
He reached under his robe and patted one of the deep pockets woven into his clothing.  He felt a hard cube and pulled it out.  It was black, shiny and reflective.  He cast one of his hands over it and activated an invisible bubble around both him and his companion, their answer to the spacesuit.
They walked up to the edge of the window and outspread their arms.
‘Open,’ Horace instructed the ship.
In obedience, the window slid up, the oxygenless air striking them and sucking them out into space.
Their robes ballooned above them like parachutes as they made their descent to Earth.
About the Author
Vrinda Pendred originally grew up in Arizona, but moved to England in 1999, where she now lives with her husband and their very energetic son. She is the author of the YA fantasy series The Descendants. Her first novel was The Ladder, a story about two friends learning to grow through their difficult childhoods and find the light that lies inside themselves.
Vrinda also runs a publishing house for writers with neurological conditions, called Conditional Publications. Their first book, Check Mates: A Collection of Fiction, Poetry and Artwork about Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, by People with OCD, was released in 2010 (Kindle and paperback), with future books in the pipeline.
In addition to her writing, Vrinda also does freelance proofreading and editing, and tutors GCSE / A-Level English.  In her free time, she loves music, languages, dance, singing and scouring Amazon for other great indie books.
Favourite Genres: YA / NA, Science-Fiction, Fantasy, Paranormal, Horror
Influential Authors: Stephen King, Michael Grant, Graham Joyce, Neal Shusterman, Cassandra Clare, Brigid Kemmerer, Lauren Oliver, James Dashner, Amanda Hocking, George R.R. Martin, Margaret Atwood
Also by Vrinda Pendred:
The Ladder
‘Ansel has no idea what might lie at the top of that ladder, but he knows he has to get on it.’

Ansel Hilliard doesn’t need anyone. He doesn’t need friends. He doesn’t need family. At least, that’s what he’s always told himself.
But when the troubled boy moves in next-door, Ansel finds himself drawn into a lifelong friendship he never thought possible. As they grow together and dare to allow others into their hearts, they find that the turbulence of life doesn’t always have to destroy you.
Inspired by the author’s background of living with bipolar disorder, The Ladder is a story of self-discovery, and learning to face - and embrace - the darkness we are all afraid to admit lies inside of us.
What Others Are Saying
‘I don’t feel like I’ve read such an important story since the first time I read The Catcher in the Rye.’
‘This book was absolutely beautiful in its realness. So often throughout the book I was left speechless.’
‘This is a profoundly affecting story that needs to be told again, and again.’
Table of Contents
Prologue
ITZY
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
AIDAN
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
A Note from the Author
Sneak Preview of Second Coming (The Descendants, #2)
About the Author
Also by Vrinda Pendred
