Winner of the Readers’ Favorite Five Star Award


All rights reserved.
2nd Edition

ISBN: 1482312646
ISBN 13: 9781482312645
Library of Congress Control Number: 2013902058

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means—electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise—without written permission of the publisher. For information regarding permission, consult the website at http://www.lrwlee.com.

Table of Contents

Chapter One The Boy Screws Up
Chapter Two Curse Day Remembered
Chapter Three The King’s Taster
Chapter Four The Flood
Chapter Five A Clue!
Chapter Six Jammin’ to Medieval Rock Bands
Chapter Seven The Dragon Trainer
Chapter Eight Poisoned!
Chapter Nine A Perilous Journey
Chapter Ten Gift in a Gold Box
Chapter Eleven Where’s Methuselah?
Chapter Twelve Trapped!
Chapter Thirteen King Abaddon
Chapter Fourteen A Raging River
Chapter Fifteen The Battle
Chapter Sixteen Daisy
Chapter Seventeen Dragon Riding
Chapter Eighteen Fierce Competition
Chapter Nineteen The Voice



Chapter One
The Boy Screws Up

When Andy woke on Monday, a quick check out his window assured him the day would be much like the other three-hundred and ten sunny days per year in Lake Hills, Texas. In fact, nothing about the weather suggested anything strange and mysterious would soon be happening to him. 
“I’m up, I’m up,” Andy mumbled in response to Mom’s announcement from downstairs that he had fifteen minutes before they needed to leave. He stumbled down the hall and into the bathroom, then slowly ran a toothbrush around his mouth, trying to make his eyes open.
Bang, bang, bang. Madison enthusiastically pounded on the door. “Hurry up! You’re going to make me late, little twerp.”
For little more than five seconds a thought flirted with his mind – I could really mess with her – and the corners of his mouth floated upward. What are little brothers for, if not that? His thoughts flowed slowly, like molasses, and he sighed. Eh, I’m not awake enough to fully exploit this opportunity. He unlocked the door as slowly as humanly possible drawing a scowl, and ambled back to his room to dress.
Mom shoved a micro waved breakfast burrito into his hand thirteen minutes later and groaned, “You didn’t run a comb through your hair, Andy. No time now. Give Dad a hug goodbye, we need to go.”
Mom punched the automatic door opener as they entered the garage. Neither of them noticed a large golden-colored tapestry land on the driveway, then quickly disappear again, as they climbed into her SUV. She backed out the driveway and headed down the street, stopping at the sign on the corner before turning onto Maple Drive. 
Mom took the early run, dropping Andy off at Bellrose Junior Academy every morning on her way to her office where she was CEO. Dad insisted on taking Madison to her middle school, not because he felt particularly nurturing, but because, by so doing, he could use the car pool lane and save time getting to his office – he, too, was a CEO. 
Andy ate his breakfast as he watched limestone houses turn into brick buildings. Mom stopped at a red light fifteen minutes later and Andy gazed uninterestedly around the intersection and noticed the first sign of something peculiar – a mammoth stone statue, perhaps twenty feet tall, of a medieval knight saluting, stood on the far corner. For a second, Andy didn’t realize what he’d seen. He and Mom came this way every day. But as the light turned green, his brain engaged and he looked again – just a metal power pole. Andy shook his head and glanced back.
“Something wrong, honey?”
“Uh… no.”
“Are you ready for your spelling test?” Mom began quizzing.
Oh crap, I forgot to study for it, Andy realized and further thoughts of medieval knights or stone statues evaporated.
Andy walked into first period to snickers from Kayla Walker and Alexis Garnier over the rooster-like arrangement of his hair, but he chose to ignore, plopping down in his assigned seat at the front near Mrs. Shonebock’s desk. 
“Everyone take out a sheet of paper,” the teacher instructed minutes later. “We’re going to have a pop quiz.”
To a chorus of groans, Mrs. Shonebock approached the classroom door to shut it when a glint off the shiny blade of a sword lying in the hallway caught Andy’s attention. What? He looked again as the door swung shut but saw only the highly polished institutional tile that covered every floor in the school. Fractions and decimals crowded out any other distractions the rest of the period.
They switched classrooms after lunch for fourth period, English. After a miserable spelling test, Mrs. Crabtree announced, “Take out your Holes books. I want you to read silently, to yourselves, chapters five and six. We will discuss afterward, so please take notes.” In unison, the class pulled out their books, paper and pencils and a hush settled over the room. Two pages in, having forgotten to visit the bathroom after lunch, Andy asked and was granted permission to do so. When he returned to his seat ten minutes later, he found his desktop empty – his book, paper and pencil no longer strewn about. 
“Did you take my stuff?” Andy whispered to Aidan Mathews behind him.
The boy looked up, surprised, then growled back, “No, don’t blame me.”
Andy swiveled to face Zach Taylor. “Did you take my stuff?”
The boy glanced up and scowled, but before he could respond, the teacher interrupted, “Is there a problem, Mr. Smithson?”
“Yeah, Zach stole my stuff!”
“No, I didn’t!”
“It was here before I went to the bathroom and now it’s gone!” Andy reached over and cuffed the boy.
“That will be quite enough,” Mrs. Crabtree intervened. “Andy, go to the principal’s office. Now.”
Andy opened his mouth to protest but caught his teacher’s raised brows over her sequin-studded, cat-eye glasses (who wore those anymore anyway?) and decided against it. He sulked out of the classroom, roughly snatching a hall pass from Mrs. Crabtree’s hand in the process. 
“On second thought, hand me your pass, young man,” the teacher glowered. “I’m adding disrespect to your list of infractions.” She scribbled several more words to his indictment before handing the paper back to him. “Now go,” she added, a frown drowning her face.
“Looser!” Zach called after him as he huffed out the door.
“Enough,” Andy heard Mrs. Crabtree scold as he headed toward sentencing.
Andy made it to sixth period having received a stern warning from Principal Deitz, and a note to take home enumerating his crimes. His parents needed to sign it. I’m so dead… When Mom and Dad see this… Last time, they said… He didn’t want to think about it.
Mr. Gentry, his uni-browed, no-neck, fifth grade Science teacher, greeted the class, “Today we will be making potato batteries.” The man droned on about how they would connect positive and negative terminals with a nail and copper wire and power it with, of all things, spuds. 
“Everyone please come to the front and collect your supplies,” the man finally instructed, to a low murmur from the students.
Andy headed forward and picked up the requisite parts then walked back to his seat, but when he neared where his desk and chair had been moments earlier, they had vanished, leaving a gaping hole amongst the sea of desks. 
“What?” Andy announced. “Who took my desk?”
Emma Jones ignited a firestorm of laughter amongst Andy’s classmates as she pointed. The blaze spread rapidly and soon everyone but Mr. Gentry guffawed.
What’s going on?! First my book, now my desk?
“That’s enough, all of you, return to your desks and begin working,” the teacher interrupted, precipitating another round of snickers.
“If we all had a desk,” Jacob Pierce remarked snidely.
“Mr. Smithson, come here,” Mr. Gentry called from the front of the room.
Andy felt every eye bore into his back as he approached the teacher’s desk, arms still burdened with materials.
“I don’t know what you think you’re doing,” his teacher leaned forward and whispered, “but it’s not funny. Now retrieve your desk and begin work.”
“But, sir!” Andy protested. “I don’t know what happened to it. I didn’t do anything with my desk. Did you see me move it?”
“My vision is not in question, young man. You expect me to believe your desk simply vanished?”
“I don’t know what happened to it. I just know I didn’t do anything with it.” Then, not quietly enough under his breath, Andy added, “You need to get your eyes examined.”
“What was that?”
Fifteen minutes later Andy found himself attending his second trial of the day in Principal Deitz’ office.
“You’re on quite a roll today, Mr. Smithson,” the principal observed, trying unsuccessfully to hide his annoyance. The man had already tried Mom’s office when he announced, “Since it appears your mother is in a meeting and unable to be disturbed, let’s see what your father thinks about your behavior.” He flicked his eyebrows upward to press his point as the last word tumbled out of his mouth.
I’d love to be invisible, like my desk, right about now.
The man dialed and Dad’s voice emanated from the speaker phone perched on the well worn desk, a workspace Andy felt sure had witnessed many an unruly child meet a similar fate. Dad listened attentively as the headmaster explained the situation in more detail than Andy hoped. 
“Thank you for letting me know, Principal Dietz. Rest assured my wife and I will discuss this further with Andy tonight,” Dad concluded the conference call ten minutes later.
I’m sure we will, Andy groaned inside. But what’s going on?!

Never happier for this school day to end, Mrs. Appleton, a neighbor from down the street, drove Andy, along with her first and third grader toward home. Squished between a booster and car seat in the backseat of the SUV, Andy fought to humor Isabella who babbled incessantly, insisting he appreciate the minutest detail of her art project and Caden who kept pinching his arm and giggling. Andy scrutinized the intersection where he thought he had seen a stone statue earlier that morning, but saw nothing abnormal.
Guess I was imagining things. Andy shook his head, a plausible explanation for the goings on at school evading discovery.
Mrs. Appleton pulled up in the driveway. “You’ve got your house key?” she queried.
Andy scrounged in his backpack, finally locating it. “See you tomorrow!” Andy bade them goodbye as he slid out of the backseat, glad for the silence. 
He thought about his chores. I better get the mail. I’m in enough trouble already.
Andy walked across the front yard, stopping at his mailbox. He opened the front and reached in to grab today’s mail when the light dimmed noticeably and he suddenly stared at a man dressed in blue robes with a floppy Santa hat adorning his head. The man returned the look, eyes wide. Stone walls surrounded what looked to be a laboratory of some sort.
“I’ve got a boy!” the wizard-looking man exclaimed.
“Send him back!” demanded another voice.
Seconds later, Andy felt his feet thud into the grass and his knees buckle from impact.
“What’s going on?!” he demanded, looking around.
Cars passed by on the street and the trees swayed in the gentle autumn breeze. A dog down the street barked. Nothing seemed out of place.
I know I didn’t imagine that.
At a loss for anything to do about it, he opened the front door, made his way to the kitchen and threw his backpack on the granite counter before turning his attention to his rumbling stomach. In vain, he foraged for something sweet even though Mom rarely bought junk food. His scavenging produced nothing he wanted, so he settled on a snack of fresh strawberries. He groused to himself as he ate.
“What are you whining about?” Madison broke through his muttering several minutes later. 
So deep had he been in contemplation and bellyaching, he had not heard her arrive home. He jumped, then accused, “Why’d you sneak up on me like that?”
“Why is it my fault you didn’t hear me come in?” Madison volleyed a curt reply.
In no mood to argue, he grabbed his backpack and headed upstairs, leaving his dirty dish on the counter. He glanced out a window as he passed and noticed dark clouds gathering. He didn’t feel like doing homework, so he jettisoned his pack on his bed, flipped on his game console and plopped down in his bean bag chair, controller in hand, immediately sucked into the game where he saw movement behind the bushes ahead. There, through the thick underbrush he could just make out the green scaly outline of the dragon. Barbed spikes protruded from its ugly head and it noisily shredded its most recent kill. Andy crept forward. He must close in slowly, so as not to be noticed. He swallowed hard. This was his chance. Stealthily, he raised his bow.
A clap of thunder sounded right outside his window making Andy jump. He paused his game and opened the blinds. The branches of the oak tree beat against the house, driven by the wind. The light turning off in the attic window caught his attention.
That’s weird. Madison’s in her bedroom probably checking her homework over for the fifteenth time to make sure it’s perfect, and Mom and Dad aren’t home yet.
With all the strange happenings of the day, Andy grabbed the flashlight he used to read in bed at night after he was supposed to be sleeping, then snuck out of his room and down the hall toward the door at the end. Thankfully the hall had plush carpeting that muffled the sound of his footsteps. He carefully opened the door, stopping each time it started to creak and listening to make sure he didn’t hear his loudmouth sister coming. He finally pushed it open far enough to squeeze through. A burst of cold air hit him. Andy hesitated, considering whether to go back for his jacket, then decided against it. He turned the flashlight on and started up the unfinished wood stairs. Halfway up, another thunder clap startled him, as if reminding him of Dad’s warning that “in no uncertain terms” was he to be up in the attic—why he had never known. He persevered and made it to the top step.
Looking around, nothing seemed amiss. He shone his flashlight where his old Nintendo 64 and Game Cube had been sitting. Both “electronic altars”, I don’t understand why they call them that, as well as the multitude of games belonging to each, remained dust-covered and undisturbed. He shone the beam at the light switch. As if daring fate, he flipped it on and ducked, just in case something lunged at him. Nothing did. 
Boom! Thunder reverberated above his head. 
Spooked, he stumbled over a trunk behind him, landing hard on the floor. Andy waited, listening for sounds of his sister, but except for the constant howling of the wind and the continued thumping of the oak tree, he heard only the whoosh of pelting rain.
That’s new, he thought as he used the trunk to pull himself upright. It was weathered and old, made of oak. It looked like a pirate’s chest with a rounded top and leather straps riveted to metal reinforcing bands every few inches. Two of them ended in buckles. Andy unbuckled the leather straps and then tried the lock that secured the middle. Amazingly, it easily pulled away on its rusted hinge. After glancing around the attic again, he pushed up on the top. It creaked open. He rested the lid at an angle that assured him it would not crash down and smash his fingers, then peered in. A note and one other object rested in the uppermost tray. Andy pulled out the paper and read,

Andy,
I’m sorry you’re getting involved in the problem this way, but I felt I had no other option. I was told to find a way to remove the contents of this trunk from the land lest they be found and stir up all manner of unrest among the people. It is pure speculation on my part, but based upon the position I believe is yours, I felt you were the only one who could manage this. Please use the utmost secrecy and tell no one what you have.

The note was not signed. Andy read it several times wondering who had sent the trunk and what it meant. Still puzzling, Andy turned his attention to the object. It was some sort of black leather holster. Even though very old and worn, it still held a shine. It was neatly folded. At the top of the holster was a purple crest with three intricately detailed pendants attached: a spider at the top, followed by a wavy line, and then a knight on horseback beneath. Andy picked it up and ran his finger over the metal pendants, admiring them. A chill ran up his back. He told himself it was from the cold, but his gut told him otherwise. He glanced around again, then heard Mom calling him. She’s home. He would have to wait to explore the rest of the trunk. So Andy replaced the holster and carefully closed the lid.
“Dad told me he had a conversation with Principal Dietz today,” Mom greeted him. 
Dinner went about as well. 
“I’m very disappointed in you, Andy,” Dad started, after the dishes had been cleared and Madison asked to leave. She’d exited the kitchen chuckling under her breath.
“That will do, Maddy,” Dad had warned.
His parents sentenced him to hard labor for crimes against humanity. Namely, he was to wash dishes by hand for the next two nights even though they had a perfectly good dishwasher.

Andy stood on the step stool at the sink to begin his sentence. He hated having to use it. Like so many other things in his life, the stool made him feel like a little kid. He squirted dishwashing liquid into the rising water, playing with the soap bubbles.
“Scrub every dish thoroughly and don’t make a mess, Andy. I will inspect when you’re done,” Mom cautioned as she left the kitchen.
The sink was just about full of water. Andy reached for the faucet to turn it off. Suddenly, he felt strange, very light and airy. Then everything went dark.


Chapter Two
Curse Day Remembered

Andy landed with a thud on a cold, hard floor. He heard the sounds of breaking glass and things falling in the pitch darkness. Strange smells erupted around him, and then something started fizzing.
“The Appeawo Beam has been acting as if it has a mind of its own today, but I believe I’ve got it this time, Your Majesty!” a man exclaimed. 
“I hope so,” replied another.
Appearo Beam? Am I going to see Wiley Coyote and the Roadrunner next? Andy wondered. The voices sounded familiar.
“I’ve bwought only the Us Pus box this time,” the first voice explained.
“You brought that boy earlier,” replied the second. “Most unfortunate. I hope he doesn’t remember.”
“Ooow,” moaned Andy, feeling the impact of his crash landing. He rubbed his forehead with his soapy hands. “What happened?”
“Candles, Mermin!” commanded one of the voices.
“Yes, Your Majesty. Wight away, sir. I’m twying to find them.”
Andy quickly wiped the remaining soap bubbles from his hands onto his pants and braced for what might happen next. As the candles were lit, Andy saw an overturned table. Books, papers and broken beakers littered the large, stone-walled room. This is it!
Next to him lay the mailbox from his front yard, the stones from its limestone base scattered nearby. Not far away stood the desk from his classroom and he spotted his missing Holes book resting on top.
A large man dressed in a long-sleeved black T-shirt and faded blue jeans sprawled across the floor several feet away and an odd-looking man wearing a bright blue satin robe and long silver beard peered through the dim light, inspecting Andy. 
That’s him! 
The man held a lit candlestick in one hand and cinched up his overflowing robes with the other. Andy remembered his coordinating bright blue Santa hat with its drooping peak and huge stars that twinkled gold, from earlier. The large pompom at the end nearly caught fire in the flame as the man quickly turned his attention toward the black-shirted man who sat up, looking excited. Neither man appeared concerned about the mess. Based upon their reactions, it seemed this might be a common occurrence.
“Mermin!” exclaimed the black-shirted man. “What happened?”
“I’m not sure, sir,” replied the man in blue robes, scratching his head through his oversized hat and pushing his round-framed glasses back up his knotty nose. “I know I didn’t gwab the boy, too! There is no way the beam was that wide. I fixed that earlier pwoblem this afternoon. I even tested it to make sure it was working pwoperly.”
“Then how do you explain the boy coming back?”
“I don’t know, sir. I cannot explain him.”
“Reminds me of the time young da Vinci dropped in for an unexpected visit,” began the man in the black T-shirt. “We had no idea where he came from. He just showed up.” Then turning to Andy he said, “Forgive me. Let me introduce myself. I am King Hercalon V, ruler of the land of Oomaldee. And this is my wizard, Mermin. And you are…?”
“I’m Andy Smithson.”
“Good to meet you Andy son of Smith,” said the King. “To what guild does your father belong?”
Andy hesitated a moment. “I’m not sure what you mean.” 
“To what guild? Ship builders? Yarn weavers? Cobblers? What guild does your father belong to?”
“Umm… ” stuttered Andy. “My dad owns a company and he’s the CEO,” he finally said. “My mom does too.” Somehow the thought of his dad using his hands to build a ship or spin yarn seemed hard to imagine. Whenever they needed something fixed, they called a repairman. He could hear his dad exclaiming, “Not a good use of my time to fix things. Do you know how much an hour of my time is worth?”
“A company?” questioned the King. “I don’t know what a company is, but let’s explore that later. For now, Andy, son of Sea Eee Ohhh, since it seems you’ll be staying with us for a while, let’s have Mermin show you around the castle and to your room.”
“Wait a minute! What do you mean I’ll be staying for a while? You can’t just abduct me. There are laws against that. I’ll… I’ll call the cops!” 
The King stared at Andy blankly. “I’ve no idea what you just said, but I can appreciate your concern.”
“Have you ever been abducted?!”
When the King didn’t respond, but glanced to his wizard for support, Andy demanded, “Send me back. Now!”
“It appears Mermin did not bring you here,” the King replied, his voice annoyingly calm. “Someone or something else did. That being the case, until we can determine who or what brought you, we won’t know how to send you back.”
“Are you kidding? This can’t be happening. This whole day has been a nightmare!”
 “Mermin and I will work on how to send you home, but I sense you are here for a reason.” His voice trailed off as he took a deep breath and scratched the top of his head. “I will let you know what we find out as soon as we do.”
This guy is crazy, and the wizard even more so. An uneasy feeling gripped Andy’s stomach. One thing he knew, this was where he had come earlier in the day.
With no other options available, Andy begrudgingly followed the wizard out the heavy wooden door. As soon as the door closed, Andy clarified, “So you’re Merlin the Magician? We studied you in school last year.” I had no idea the guy was so wacky.
“Oh no, Merlin was my bwother.” Mermin smiled. “Made quite a name for himself in your world,” he chuckled.
What’s that supposed to mean?
“Then are you related to the mermen—like the ones who live underwater?”
“Well, yes, they are my cousins twice wemoved on my father’s side of the family. I’m afwaid of water myself. You seem to know a lot about my family.”
“Humph.”
Oblivious to Andy’s lack of response, Mermin chirped, “I pwomised Henwy I’d loan him a book, follow me.”
While traipsing around after the guy in no way excited Andy, he gave a sigh and halfheartedly complied. The wizard led him through another heavy wooden door and he marveled at the sea of books in a multitude of colors and sizes lining the walls from floor to ceiling. Several wooden ladders on wheels scaled the shelves. The room exuded a dank, musty smell. 
Hadn’t expected this, Andy considered.
His gaze reached a large trunk sitting on the floor near an oversize stone fireplace causing him to gasp. It looked identical to the one he had discovered in his attic. The top rested open at an angle and it overflowed with rolled up manuscripts all standing on end.
“Something wong?” Mermin inquired.
Remembering the note in his trunk at home had instructed not to tell anyone what he had, Andy replied, “Uh, no, just admiring your trunk.”
“That is a special twunk,” replied Mermin. “Cwaftsmen from many lands build twunks, but I’ve never seen twunks as fine as this anywhere except in Oomaldee.” Mermin moved closer to Andy and whispered, “Don’t tell anyone, but the ones made for the King have secwet compartments, too. Come in weal handy for hiding things.”
“Really?” Andy asked, curious.
Mermin nodded.
Andy continued inspecting the room. To one side, an oversized oak desk dominated a threadbare red rug under its feet. Its top was completely buried with open books and manuscripts. To the right of the desk stood a tall wooden table mostly submerged under old texts and papers. 
Mermin gathered the fabric of his generous robes in one hand and tottered up one of the wood ladders, exposing two scrawny legs. He’s got chicken legs, too. Andy smiled, but not for long when the wizard bobbled part way up. 
Please don’t fall, I don’t know emergency first aid!  
The man grabbed a book from a shelf and descended, oblivious to the excitement he’d caused his audience. 
“Let’s intwoduce you to the gold weavers.”
“Gold weavers?” Andy questioned.
Mermin replied with a chuckle.
They headed back out the door and soon approached a sign reading GOLDERY hanging outside a door at the end of the hall. 
Huh? 
“A goldewy is where the gold of the kingdom is made,” Mermin answered Andy’s unspoken question.
They walked through a heavy, metal-reinforced door into a small room with a stone floor. Straw was strewn about. A fiery stone furnace stood against the far wall, making the room oppressively hot. An army of water-filled, wooden buckets stood at attention in the area next to the door. From the looks of the blackened walls, there had been a number of fires and Andy soon understood why. Three men wearing brown burlap tunics and bright yellow leggings busily worked.
“This is Henwy,” said Mermin going over to a shorter man who was pumping the bellows to make the furnace hotter still. The wizard handed him the book. “Henwy, this is Andy. He’s… visiting.”
“Thank you, Mermin,” the man acknowledged, stowing the book away from the fire.
“Pleased to meet you,” said Henry turning toward Andy, wiping away the sweat freely flowing down his face. He returned to his former position and gave the bellows another pump causing several sparks to fly. “Keeps me on my toes,” he said, stomping out the burning embers as they landed on the floor.
“And this is Max,” Mermin continued, walking over to a balding man working at a spinning wheel near the furnace. A large pile of straw was stacked next to him from which he kept taking handfuls. Each time he pumped the pedal, a narrow flame shot out. With his concentration broken, Max yelped, “Youch! I hate when that happens!” He shook his singed finger, trying to kill the pain.
“Sowwy about that Max…” said Mermin. “Just wanted Andy, here, to meet our finest gold spinner.”
Max smiled. “Good to meet you.” He stood, walked over to a bucket of water, and plunged his finger in. “Ahh. That’s better.”
Andy wiped the sweat pouring down his face on the sleeve of his T-shirt. It was hard to stand such intense heat. He understood why these men were so thin.
“And that’s Oscar,” Mermin said, nodding to a short man working next to the spinning wheel.
Oscar wound the gold thread coming out of the machine around a spindle. When a spindle was full, he stacked it neatly in the corner with the rest of the full spindles. The stack was impressive.
“When there are enough full spindles, they melt all of the gold thwead down and form gold coins which are then stored in the tweasury,” Mermin explained.
“This is awesome!” 
Max, Oscar, and Henry looked up and smiled proudly.
“It takes years of wigowous study to do what they do and make it look so easy,” extolled Mermin.
“Can they show me how to spin gold?” 
“We’ll see about that,” replied Mermin, stroking his beard. Andy knew that was code for “no,” just like his parents always said when they didn’t want to do something.
All of a sudden, flames shot up around them. 
“Water!” yelled Max.
All five grabbed water buckets and sprang into action to drench the quickly spreading flames.
“Mermin, your robe’s on fire!” yelled Oscar.
Andy grabbed a bucket and doused the wizard. The others continued battling the flames. After several tense minutes, they finally succeeded in extinguishing the rogue fire. Everyone and everything dripped, except for the furnace, which continued to burn, unaware of the chaos it caused. 
Mermin, seemingly unfazed by his sogginess, wrung out the sleeves of his robe as he led Andy toward the door. 
“Let me know when you want another book,” Mermin encouraged. 
Ah, cool air at last! 
On their way back to Mermin’s library, a boy about Andy’s size dashed up to the wizard. Andy didn’t know what to make of him. He wore a royal blue tunic with white trim and bright green leggings. That’s not what captured Andy’s attention, however. Rather, complimenting the servant’s bright blue eyes, the boy sported a head of bushy, neon-green hair. The lad cleared his throat and announced, “I was told to tell you dinner is nearly ready and remind you that today is Curse Day.”
“Thank you, Alden,” replied Mermin. 
“As if anyone could forget it’s Curse Day,” the man muttered as the servant left.
“Did he just say Curse Day?”
Mermin nodded. “I need to change my wobes before dinner. Walk with me.”
With that, Mermin turned and retraced his steps to the end of the corridor. Andy noticed a set of winding stone stairs leading both upwards and downwards. Mermin headed up.
“My chambers are just up here on the sixth floor,” Mermin informed as they reached the landing.
They walked down a corridor and stopped next to a black door with a shiny silver crescent moon. Mermin waved his hands. Andy half expected him to say abwa cadabwa, but he didn’t.
“Secwet passcode,” said Mermin. “Can never be too careful.”
He opened the door and they entered a modest-sized room with a large stone fireplace and bed at one end and a dressing area at the other.
“Please wait here while I change.”
Andy looked around the room. Something twinkled and caught his eye. He looked up and saw the black ceiling decorated with thousands of stars. They seemed almost alive. He could make out the Big Dipper and Orion with his belt. He couldn’t remember any of the other constellations he was supposed to have learned in science class and regretted it briefly. He walked over to the large bed to examine the intricately detailed carvings on the headboard. He saw a unicorn standing next to a pegasus. Above them the sun and moon walked hand in hand across the sky. Fairies danced with a troll, all smiling and laughing. There was also the carving of a creature Andy had never seen before. It looked almost like a wolf, but its paws were huge, clown-like, and its snout was pushed in like a Pug dog.
“That’s a herewolf,” informed Mermin. He had changed into a black robe that looked more old and worn than him. It looked like it had once been soft and velvety, but was now threadbare and had a small tear in one of its long sleeves. The wizard had removed his hat and his long silver hair flowed freely over the contrasting robe. Mermin pushed his glasses back up his nose and said, “Herewolves are descended fwom werewolves but they don’t change form with the cycles of the moon. They can still be vicious cweatures though. This was carved before the curse…” His voice trailed off.
“What curse?”
“We best get ourselves down to dinner,” Mermin continued a minute later, ignoring Andy’s question.
Andy and Mermin headed back down the steps, passing the fifth floor and continuing on down two more flights of circular stairs. They emerged into an expansive room Mermin said was the dining hall. Several servants hurried about finishing last-minute preparations. Black banners hung from the ceiling and covered ornate tapestries lining the walls. The black banners were undecorated except for gold trim extending around all but the top. Three long tables filled most of the length of the hall and a head table stood perpendicular to them at the far end. Above each table hung a banner with a coat of arms. Andy’s thoughts flashed back to the crest he had seen on the holster in the trunk in his attic and his eyes grew large. Before this, the only coats of arms he had seen were in books. Now he had seen several real ones within a couple hours.
“Something wong?”
“Uh… no… nothing,” Andy stammered.
Above the rightmost table hung a crimson banner with a gold chevron separating a lion at the top from a pair of wings at the bottom. Over the middle table hung an aqua banner with a beaver on the top and a snail on the bottom. That’s weird, Andy thought. Who would want to be known as a snail? Above the far table hung a golden yellow banner. It had a bull at the top and a bird at the bottom.
A few minutes later, the first guests arrived. The contingent of thirty or so men and women dressed in black robes and each had an aqua coat of arms on their left sleeve. Next came several men and women, also wearing black robes, but sporting a golden yellow crest on their left sleeve. One more group arrived shortly thereafter bearing a crimson coat of arms on their robes.
Mermin approached the leader of each group and welcomed them. Several minutes passed before Andy saw King Hercalon enter the hall. He, too, wore a black robe, but distinguished himself with a royal blue coat of arms on his left sleeve. Conversation ceased and everyone acknowledged him. The king waved his hand and Mermin asked everyone to be seated. Each group sat at the long table corresponding with the color of their coat of arms. Mermin joined the King at the head table.
Andy stood watching the scene unfold from the back of the hall. What am I supposed to do? Where should I sit? He recognized the unwelcome feeling. Feels like when I’m picked last for teams in gym class. The King glanced around the room at all his guests and then noticed Andy standing alone.
“Ah, Andy,” the King exclaimed. Everyone turned to look. “Please join me here at the head table.”
Why does everyone have to stare at me? He walked the length of the three tables up to the front as quickly as he could, to the murmur of hushed whispers all around. I stick out like a sore thumb, he thought as he hurried, still clad in his T-shirt and jeans. 
Before he reached the table, the King said, “I’d like to introduce you all to Andy, son of Smith Sea Eee Ohhh. He arrived this afternoon, quite unexpectedly.” The magistrate paused for emphasis. “Mermin and I were working on my most recent experiment to break the curse, and Andy here suddenly appeared.”
A murmur went up from the guests. The King paused and waited for Andy to reach the table. When he finally arrived, the King raised his hands for silence and then continued, “I know what you may be thinking. The same thought occurred to me. Time will tell… Please make him feel welcome.”
At that, the dining hall erupted in loud applause, making Andy feel yet more uncomfortable, if that was possible. He had no idea what the King meant by what he’d just said. He felt left out of this seeming inside joke he was the center of.
The King rose. Everyone quieted and stood, too.
“Today we commemorate Curse Day,” began the sovereign. “Over five hundred years ago the darkest period of our history began, and I still take full responsibility.” The King paused. “I was young, jealous, and impulsive. My pride was unchecked by the wisdom and humility only age brings. We cannot change the past but must look to the future. I continue to diligently seek for a solution to break the curse, but I am also aware the solution may come from beyond ourselves. Know that I will not rest until the curse is broken. As you know, I wish more than anything to see our land restored to its former glory and technological superiority. Please join me in a toast.” The King raised his goblet and bellowed, “To breaking the curse!”
At this, all in the room raised their goblets. “To breaking the curse!” they echoed in agreement.
“Please partake of the meal before you and we will complete our remembrance after,” the monarch concluded and sat down.
Andy didn’t know what to think. Both the King and Mermin have talked about a curse and it seems like everyone here understands, but I sure don’t.
Mermin interrupted Andy’s thoughts as he passed him what looked like mashed potatoes, except they were dark purple. Next came what Mermin said was roast duck and wild boar. They smelled okay but were blackened and did not look appetizing. As he scanned the rest of the table, all of the dishes seemed to be black or some dark color. Seeming to read his thoughts, Mermin leaned over and said, “Our twaditional Curse Day fare…”
“Oh,” was all Andy could muster.
Andy picked at his food until dinner ended and the dishes cleared. The King rose again. “Please join me on the porch to conclude our remembrance of Curse Day.”
Everyone rose and meandered out to the porch. This was the first time Andy had been outside since he’d arrived. The dark night air felt crisp and a dense fog blanketed the area, choking the light of the moon which struggled determinedly to be seen. Andy could not see anything beyond the railing surrounding the porch.
“Governors, please join me,” requested the King.
Three men squeezed through the crowd toward him.
“Is all in readiness?” the monarch inquired.
“Yes, your Majesty,” they each replied in turn.
At this, three servants handed a long trumpet to each governor.
 “Very well. Then on my count, please sound your call,” the King continued. He counted down, “Three…two…one… Begin.” Each governor raised his trumpet and, one by one, sounded a distinct call.
 What Andy heard next more than puzzled him. It sounded like a huge herd of cows mooing. A second later he heard loud popping noises and then—he hated to think it; his mom would tell him to grow up!—it smelled like… Farts! Whewww! What a stench! This is crazy!
Andy couldn’t help himself. His imagination started running wild. He pictured the scene. He tried to cover his mouth, but a snicker snuck out. Mermin looked at him, his brow furrowed.
“Sorry,” he whispered, desperately trying to contain his amusement. Andy finally resorted to pretending to cough in order to squelch his bursts of laughter, but a snort escaped. People around him glanced over and frowned.
It was all so strange. Everyone around him acted like they had expected the smell, casually pulling their sleeves over their noses. Andy covered his nose with his sleeve as best he could. Oh… this smell is awful!
Slowly, the dense clouds thinned and then disappeared, leaving a long trail of flickering lights clearly visible. Okay, this is REALLY weird!
Mermin moved closer to Andy and in a muffled voice from beneath his robe sleeve explained, “That’s the city of Oops” He pointed downward at crimson colored flickering lights.
Mermin moved his arm to the right and pointed. “And that’s the town of Ooggy,” he continued. Andy could make out aqua blue flickering lights off in the distance.
“Over there,” he said, pointing further to the right, “is the village of Oohhh.” Andy could clearly see bright yellow lights.
A couple minutes later everyone heard a return trumpet blast from each of the communities.
“Please join me in a moment of silence,” the King requested.
When the minute had elapsed, he concluded by saying, “Thank you all for your continued support. We will break this curse.” He spoke with determination.
At this, the attendees began conversing again in hushed tones. Most greeted Andy pleasantly yet solemnly, then headed for the castle door. Once everyone had left, Mermin joined Andy again.
“We best find you your woom. It’s late.”
Andy started following Mermin back inside, but glanced over his shoulder and saw dense clouds again blotting out the scene, although thankfully, that horrible stench had nearly gone.

Settled into his room, Andy yawned, but his mind refused to quiet. He kept thinking about the strangeness of his day – things had appeared as well as disappeared. And that trunk… How will I ever get back home?
Chapter Three
The King’s Taster

A rooster awakened Andy the following morning. He rubbed his eyes, trying to orient. Foggy sun shone through a window to the left of his bed, struggling to illuminate the large stone-lined chamber. This isn’t a dream. 
Like every other room he had been in the day before, this one was sparsely furnished. His bed stood in the middle of a long wall. At one end had been arranged a dressing area with a mirror, two freestanding closets, and a large, lumpy, overstuffed chair that looked like someone’s attempt to soften the otherwise spartan decor. At the other end stood a large fireplace. The fire had long gone out. The wooden door on the wall opposite his bed displayed the King’s blue coat of arms above it. 
A soft knock at the door disturbed his study and he went to open it.
“Please excuse me, sir. I was told to assist you in dressing and to bring you down to breakfast.”
It was the boy with neon green hair he’d seen yesterday.
“Why do you call me sir?” Andy asked, allowing him entrance.
“Because you are a guest of His Majesty.”
“Just call me Andy, okay?”
“Oh...okay. If that’s what you prefer, sir. Oh, I mean…uh, sure Andy.”
They stepped over to the dressing area. To Andy’s surprise, a clean pair of blue jeans and a bright blue long-sleeved T-shirt lay neatly on the arm of the chair. The T-shirt had the royal crest intricately sewn on the left sleeve. It looked like they had been ironed for no wrinkles dared show themselves. He laughed. Andy usually wore extremely wrinkled T-shirts because he hated folding and putting away his clean laundry, one of his assigned chores. Mom always complained his clothes looked like he had slept in a laundry basket.
“His Majesty had the tailor make these for you overnight so you would be most comfortable. The tailor will make you more today so you will have many pairs to wear. I will hang them in your closets when they are ready.”
“Can the tailor make black T-shirts?” Andy hoped aloud. “Black is my favorite color.”
“Black T-shirts are reserved for the King.”
Oh well, it was worth asking. Andy only wore black T-shirts at home, preferring that to colors.
“Please follow me,” the boy instructed after Andy finished dressing.
“Thanks for helping me. I don’t think I could remember how to get back to the dining hall.”
The boy smiled.
“I can’t remember your name,” apologized Andy as they exited his chamber and headed toward the stairs.
“My name is Alden.”
“That’s right! Sorry…”
“That’s okay,” replied Alden. “You don’t have to remember my name. I’m just a servant.”
That sounds strange, but I best not ask.
“Good morning, Andy!” boomed a voice as they entered the dining hall. “Did you sleep well?”
The King beckoned him over.
The hall looked different this morning. The three long tables had been shoved over by the wall and the black banners taken down. The community banners had been moved and now draped from the wall. Only what had been the head table remained. The King, again dressed in his black T-shirt and faded jeans, sat at one end with Mermin at the side closest to him.
A short, bald servant with beak-like nose and curiously long arms extending nearly to his ankles tasted the King’s breakfast.
“Everything seems to be in order, Your Majesty,” the man finally declared. He bowed to the King, but as he turned to leave, he scowled at Andy.
What’s that about? Andy wondered. What’d I do?
Andy took a seat across the table from Mermin. Immediately another servant brought him a bowl of his favorite cereal, toast, and a tall glass of milk. How could they know?
“Yes, I had a feeling you’d like that, Andy,” the King said with a smile. “Mermin and I were just discussing how to get the Us Pus box working. Perhaps you can give us some insight.”
Andy was not used to being asked his opinion, let alone made to feel like he had any expertise. “Uh, sure,” he stammered, taking a bite of his toast.
That sounds really gross. An Us Pus box?
He almost hated to ask, but he braved the question, “Can you tell me what an Us Pus box is?”
“After breakfast, let’s all go up to my laboratory. It’s up there. I’ll show you.”
When they’d eaten their fill the three walked up to the fifth floor and into the laboratory which had been cleaned up since yesterday. The tables had been righted, the broken beakers cleaned up, and the floor mopped. It smelled like lemon. Against the far wall stood Andy’s mailbox with the stones from its base in a loose arrangement atop his missing desk. His Holes book crowned the stack.
The King walked over to the mailbox and waved his arm, “The Us Pus box.”
Andy grinned. “Why do you call it the Us Pus box, sir?”
“Because that’s what it says. See here? USPS.” At that, the King pointed to the raised letters on the mailbox door.
Andy looked and, trying to hide his amusement, said, “Umm, USPS stands for United States Postal Service. This is called a mailbox, sir.”
Undaunted, the King asked, “Can you show me how this, uh, mailbox works?”
“What do you mean?”
“How do you get it to give you those papers?”
Andy had never thought about his mailbox this way before. He could only remember sending thank you notes to his grandparents and other relatives after getting presents for birthdays and the holidays. His mom always insisted he write them out and mail them because his relatives were “email challenged.”
“Mermin has been watching several mailboxes for me for a while now. He tells me papers magically appear in them. Sometimes there are thick picture books and other days there are thin papers inside…what do you call them…?” The King paused. “Envelopes, is it? Isn’t that what you call them, Mermin?” He looked to the wizard and Mermin nodded.
“Mermin’s theory is that what appears is based upon how happy you are. The happier you are, the more magical papers appear. The less happy you are, the fewer papers you receive. Is that right?”
Andy laughed, “Uh, no.”
For the next hour and more, Andy tried his best to explain what he knew about the postal service and mail carriers. He cleared up the King’s misconception that the dogs that chased the mail carriers were sent by their masters to demand more magical mail be left for them.
At the end of his explanation, lengthy because the King and Mermin kept interrupting with questions, Andy finally had a chance to ask, “Why did you take my mailbox, sir?”
“I want to see if being on your mail route might bring us magical papers to help us figure out how to break the curse.”
Andy repeated his question, “But why my mailbox?”
“It just happened to be one of the mailboxes I was observing, that’s all,” replied Mermin.
“You observe mailboxes?” 
“Oh yes. The King has me observe all sorts of things for him. I’ve observed pawades and carnivals, aiwplanes and cars and people - all sorts of things. Sometimes we bwing a book or something back to study further.”
Or send trunks to people’s attics perhaps? Andy’s thoughts added.
Mermin continued, unaware, “Yes, yes. There’s a lot I don’t understand, but some of what I observe, we twy to use to bweak the curse.” He paused before continuing. “I like observing people best. I observed Steve Jobs - fascinating guy. The King weally liked how he dwessed, so he started dwessing like him, too. He hoped Mr. Job’s cweativity might wub off on him. Took some doing to get the clothes just wight,” he added. A smiled tweaked his lips as he remembered.
Andy could only shake his head, amazed at what he heard.
What a strange coincidence. Mermin observed my mailbox and then I end up here… he thought skeptically.
“Have you had a chance to figure out how to send me back yet?”
“Oh goodness, no,” replied the King. “What with the Curse Day Remembrance and everything else going on, we’ve not had any time to work on it. Don’t worry though, that is Mermin’s next task. I expect you will be home very shortly.”
Somehow I doubt that, Andy thought, but chose to let it go…for now. 
He turned his thoughts back to the mailbox. I hate to break it to him. He looks so hopeful…but I need to say something. 
He gently explained his doubts that the King would ever receive any mail and pointed out tampering with the US Mail was actually a crime punishable by imprisonment. 
“Send it back, Mermin! Send it back!” ordered the king as soon as he heard.
Mermin attempted to set all the settings of the Appearo Beam in reverse and send it back. As Andy had expected, however, his attempts failed. He did manage to suck a duck that had been innocently flying over the castle into the laboratory. It stood there, a few feathers short, quacking its disgust until a servant came and chased it around the laboratory, sending papers flying and beakers crashing. The servant finally rounded it up and removed it to the kitchen. No sooner had this servant left than another servant from the kitchen apologetically interrupted, explaining lunch would be delayed because, inexplicably, anything in or near the fireplaces had been sucked up the chimneys by a great whirlwind.
All Andy could do was laugh.
The King took the failure well. “One less thing to try in breaking the curse,” he said later as they headed down for a late lunch. 
“Mermin, I need you to keep trying to send that mailbox back. I don’t want to be imprisoned for taking it.”
Andy stifled a laugh.
“Of course, your Majesty.”

The three governors from the surrounding communities had stayed overnight and now joined them for lunch. As with the previous evening, Andy saw their clothes trimmed in crimson, yellow, and aqua, corresponding to the color of their community. The King informed Andy, “This afternoon, the governors, Mermin, and I will be finishing up plans for the Oomaldee Festival that starts in a few days. After lunch, why don’t you explore the castle on your own. Just stay out of the dungeons, they’re dangerous.”
Yes! Exploring on my own! “Okay, sir.”
As soon as Andy finished his lunch, he excused himself and set out to discover what secrets he could coax from the castle. He thought about checking out the trunk up in Mermin’s library, but the spiral stairs leading down from the dining hall beckoned and he decided to head that way first and investigate the trunk later.
 As he descended, the stairs broadened into a grand staircase which ended in a huge foyer across from an ornate door. The space was deserted.
This must be the castle entrance, Andy reasoned, since all the guests from last night’s dinner came from this direction.
Andy saw doors leading to rooms behind the staircase, but decided to continue down another flight of stairs he spotted behind and to the right. Reaching the next landing, he heard voices echoing down the corridor.
A small servant girl who looked a little younger than himself halted hurried steps and inquired, “Are you lost?”
“No, just exploring.”
“Well, I’m Hannah,” she replied with a smile. Wisps of blond hair she’d pushed up under a blue headscarf peeked out in several directions. She attempted to straighten her blue dress that was wet in places. “Sorry I’m such a mess. I’m doing laundry.”
As they spoke, another servant paused on his way down the hallway. The tall, thin man wore a royal blue tunic and bright green leggings, which Andy now recognized as the uniform for the King’s staff. The man’s face was gaunt and his pepper-gray, patchy whiskers gave him an unkempt look. He bent slightly back attempting to ballast an oversize bundle of firewood with his chin. The stack shifted unstably. 
“You lost?” he grimaced, bobbling his arms, perspiration beading his brow.
“No,” replied Andy. “I’m exploring the castle on my own since the King and Mermin are busy.”
“These are the servant’s quarters. Nothing more to see down here other than the dungeons, and they’re dangerous, so don’t even think about exploring there.” The man fought the topmost log with his chin before adding, “Best get yourself back upstairs.” 
The dungeons, huh? So that’s where they are.
“I better get going,” Hannah intoned. “See you around.”
“Yeah, see ya,” replied Andy.
The firewood refused to be controlled and made a bid for freedom, compelling the other servant to quickly excuse himself. Andy watched him flounder down the hallway. When the man vanished from sight, Andy glanced around. The two voices he had heard down the corridor had erupted into a full-blown argument. He closed his eyes and listened and after a minute satisfied himself no one else was coming. He headed back to the stairs and started down. 
Better get a light, he thought, confronted by the darkness. He found a torch in the entry and something to light it with, then returned, creeping down the remaining steps and stopping on the landing. In front of him stood a metal door with reinforcing bars running diagonally in both directions across its cold, gray surface, secured by metal rivets. It looked like it had been built for keeping strong creatures inside. A large dent on the door’s lower left looked like whatever was kept in the dungeon had punched it with a massive fist. Above the door hung a wooden sign with words carved in it. Andy stepped closer. The sign read, FEAR YE TO TREAD HERE. The smell of rotten eggs assaulted his nose and he glanced down to see wisps of green vapor seeping from under it. The stink made his stomach do a flip. This is worse than those cow farts. Andy did not have enough hands to plug his nose while holding the torch and opening the door so he backed away, inhaled deeply and held his breath before reaching for the handle. Locked.
“Darn…” he moaned, exhaling.
He headed back up the stairs and as he reached the level with the servants’ quarters, Andy heard a soft thrumming emanating from the wall on his right. 
That’s weird, he thought. Machinery? Here? I didn’t hear anything before. The protests of creaking wood sounded from the entry hall above followed quickly by a loud, reverberating thud. Andy froze. What was that? Jubilant voices chased the strange sounds, then evaporated.  
He put his ear up to the stone wall as renewed creaking sounds reached him. Whoosh…whoosh…whoosh…whoosh. Yep, that definitely sounds like machinery. He searched but could not find a door. He felt along the length of the wall, but found no opening. He searched for several minutes and was about to give up, when he stepped on a stone and his foot sunk down slightly. A part of the wall slowly slid sideways accompanied by the scraping of one stone across another. 
Andy winced, hoping no one heard and came to investigate. 
Whoosh… whoosh… whoosh… whoosh, the rhythmic sound continued, slightly louder,  when the scraping ended, but none other. Whew.
Andy looked and found the new opening led… into a second wall.
What is this place? How do open it? 
After several more minutes of unsuccessful searching, the echo of approaching footsteps reached him and he again froze.
How am I going to explain?!
A short, plump woman with a bright blue dress, white apron, bright green leggings, and bright purple hair pulled back in a pony tail, noticed him standing with a torch in the shadows and said, “I’m Marta and this is the Drawbridge Power Room. 
The drawbridge, of course! That’s what I heard.
It’s His Majesty’s and Mermin’s invention. It used to take six men to raise and lower the drawbridge. Now they use water power. It’s quite ingenious if you ask me. I have no idea how it works. I just know everyone was told to stay away from it, for safety reasons. Why don’t you come with me. I’m headed up to the kitchen to help prepare dinner.”
Despite the torch, with the shadows in the stairway, the woman had not noticed the open wall. Andy exhaled in relief then turned and slipped a bit on the now wet stone floor.
Interesting. Oh well, guess I just didn’t notice before. He followed Marta back upstairs.
She went to the left behind the grand staircase and he followed. Ahead, in the curving stone corridor, delicious smells emanated into the hall.
Mmm… baking bread and chocolate chip cookies, my favorites! Andy’s mouth watered.
“What’s for dinner?”
“You’ll find out soon enough.” Marta smiled.
The kitchen was a hive of activity with servants washing and chopping vegetables at the sinks along the far wall. Some made sweet desserts at the center island. At another workspace near the fireplace, others prepared freshly slaughtered chickens and what looked to be the duck that protested in the laboratory earlier. Andy saw Alden, the boy who had helped him dress and find breakfast that morning, at one of the sinks peeling potatoes. He couldn’t miss his neon green hair. Alden waved when he saw Andy.
“You know Alden?”
“Yes, he helped me this morning.”
“He’s my son.”
Andy had guessed that based upon her equally bright hair. She and Alden were the only servants he had seen so far with bright hair. Sensing his question, she replied, “Alden and I fled from the land of Carta a few years back when King Abaddon attacked. My husband and the rest of my family were killed in the fighting. Most people in Omaldee don’t like foreigners, but King Hercalon is a gracious and generous man and he took us in. We have served in his house since then.”
“I’m sorry to hear about your family. My name is Andy,” he said, sticking out his hand to shake hers.
Marta ignored the gesture, leaned forward and kissed him once on each cheek. “Thank you.” She paused, then brightened when she asked, “Would you like a chocolate chip cookie? The King tells me he thinks they might just be your favorite. They’re his favorite, too,” she continued with a wink. “Not sure if he told me that so I would bake more for him, or whether he really thinks they might be your favorite.”
Marta immediately made Andy feel at ease. She was so different from his mom, who always seemed too tired or too busy for him.
Andy wandered toward Alden.
“I’ve got all those potatoes left to peel—” he pointed to a stack of spuds about a foot tall in the neighboring sink “—but as soon as I’m done, I think my mom will let me play.”
“I can help! This way you’ll get done faster.”
“Are you sure? This is servant’s work, and you’re a guest.”
“My mom always makes me peel potatoes for Thanksgiving.” He did not add that he hated the chore more than just about anything. This was different. 
Andy and Alden attacked the pile of potatoes. They raced to see who could peel fastest. Potato peels flew into the sink, around the sink, on the floor, and in their hair. 
“Woohoo!” Andy yelped.
When the pile had been decimated, they counted their spoils: 97 potatoes for Alden and 91 for Andy.
“Oh, so close!” shouted Andy.
The rest of the servants in the kitchen had watched this spectacle unfold. One portly servant kept raising his eyebrows and shaking his head. The short, bald servant with curiously long arms, whom Andy had seen earlier with the King, scowled. Alden’s mom kept looking up and smiling.
“Not bad for a new recruit,” she laughed when it was over. “Clean up your mess and then Alden can go play.”
A few minutes later they headed out of the kitchen, each with one more chocolate chip cookie.
“The festival starts in a few days. Do you want to come with me to the stables and watch me practice? I’m in the Tower Chase event with my pegasus, Optimistic.”
I have no idea what he just said. A pegasus?  Really?  
“That sounds like fun!” Andy covered.
“Let me change into my riding clothes first.”
They headed downstairs to the servants’ quarters. The floor around the stairs now had standing water, but in their shared excitement they paid no attention. 
Alden led Andy down the corridor, finally stopping at a narrow door at the end of the hall. They entered a small room, smaller than any he had seen thus far. Two beds stood next to the window, one on either side. One was neatly made, the other not so much. There was a small desk against the near wall with a few papers arranged to one side and a candleholder in the middle. A fireplace with a roughly hewn wood mantel stood on the wall opposite the window. To say the room was cozy would have been an understatement. Cramped was a better description. 
Alden headed for the wardrobe and pulled out what he said was his equestrian uniform. It was royal blue, like his other clothes, but his green riding breeches were baggy at the top tapering to his knee. The jacket had tails much like the tux Andy had seen his dad wear. Andy suppressed a snicker. He looks funny. Alden pulled on his tall black riding boots with a grunt.
“They’re a little small. Mom says I need to stop growing; it’s costing her too much. Okay, I’m ready.”
They headed back upstairs, walking along another corridor that started behind the grand entry stairs, eventually coming to a door that led outside into dense, sunlit fog. Andy could not see five feet in front of him. Alden seemed to take it in stride.
“The fog is really thick!”
“This is normal.”
“Normal? How can you see anything?”
“Mermin told me it’s been this way ever since the curse.”
Andy and Alden felt their way across a cobblestone terrace. Ahead Andy could barely make out a stone building. It had two huge wooden doors, the kind you’d see on a barn. As they reached the doors, Andy saw carved in the middle of the right door a round circle with the head and wings of a pegasus. The left door had fancy letters inscribed into it: “His Majesty’s Stables, Center for Advanced Preparation.”
“Advanced preparation? Preparation for what?” Andy asked.
“The Cavalry of Oomaldee is stationed here. They keep all of their pegasi in these stables and also use this facility to train.”
They train pegasi?
Andy and Alden walked through the door. In the immense foyer a statue of a knight in full armor, his lance leveled, charging into battle on his horse greeted them.
“I think that’s Sir Lancelot. The King likes that guy a lot,” narrated Alden.
 They turned left and passed stall after stall filled with amazing creatures. Some stuck their heads curiously over the half doors as Alden and Andy passed. The animals’ fur came in a multitude of colors—orange, red, gray, green, purple, and more. Their heads looked just like horses, and they peered at the boys through large brown eyes with long flowing lashes.
“Do you want to pet one?”
“Yeah!” gawked Andy, his eyes growing wide. He reached out his hand to touch one.
“Don’t pet these pegasi. They’re trained for combat and they’ll bite.”
Andy quickly withdrew his hand, checking it even though he knew it remained unharmed.
After walking past what seemed like a hundred or more stalls, Alden finally stopped, opened a door, and stepped in.
“Hey girl,” said Alden softly, holding his hand out so the creature could sniff it.
She gave a low whinnying sound that announced her approval.
“You have to let them accept you before you try to touch them. Here, stick your hand in front of her nose and let her smell you.”
Andy moved slowly to her head and stuck out a trembling hand. Two blasts of warm air from her nostrils hit his arm seconds later.
“She’s got whiskers! They tickle,” twittered Andy.
The pegasus hesitated briefly and finally whinnied.
“She likes you. Now you can pet her.”
Andy stepped around and ran his hand down the animal’s neck. Her purple fur sparkled as he stroked it.
“It’s so soft!” 
“They say it’s the softest fur of any animal. It makes them light so they can fly.”
Andy had not noticed the creature’s wings until now, but when Alden mentioned flying, the pegasus ruffled hers to say she was ready to exercise them. Her wings attached at the top of her back, just behind the withers. Andy’s eyes followed the lines of the feathers and saw they extended down even with her belly, ending just before her tail.
Alden grabbed a halter hanging next to the door and, with the help of a step ladder, put it over her head, sticking the bit in her mouth as he did. She started to prance in the confined space and Andy leapt up the stall wall to avoid being stepped on. 
“Sorry, she’s excited.”
Alden tossed the saddle over her and adjusted it so the pommel was positioned just in front of where her wings started. He fed the strap under her belly and cinched it tight.
“Come on, Optimistic. Let’s go for a ride.”
Alden led her by the reins and Andy followed. Optimistic dwarfed Alden. Her shoulders towered at least three feet above him.
“I got her from the King’s stock when she was first born two years ago. They didn’t want her. They were going to kill her because she was a runt.”
“She’s not a runt anymore!” exclaimed Andy.
“I’ve been taking care of her, and now we have our first chance to show everyone she’s just as good as the other pegasi, maybe better!” Alden’s voice rang with determination, as if he had something to prove. Optimistic gave a whinny and tossed her head, as if echoing the sentiment. Andy chose not to pursue questioning.
The three walked silently out into a sawdust-covered oval ring where several other pegasi trained with their cavalry masters. The men dressed in work coveralls of royal blue. At seeing them, the leader nodded his head in recognition. “Good luck in the tower chase, Alden. The field this year is seasoned and will not be easy to beat.”
“Thank you, Major,” Alden replied. “I’ll do my best for the King!”
They reached the other side of the ring and headed out the other side of the building, back into the sunlit fog.
“We need to train out here so we don’t get in the way of cavalry exercises.”
“But how will you see?”
Alden whistled and immediately several servants appeared, each leading a cow. “I need to train for the tower chase. Can you clear the fog?”
At this, the servants walked their cows to positions designated by the King’s blue coat of arms. Andy lost sight of the ones who headed toward the opposite side of the ring. Alden handed Andy what looked like nose plugs and showed him how to put them on.
“Breathe through your mouth.”
“Ready!” Alden shouted, leading Optimistic several steps forward to a mounting platform and hopping on.
Andy heard mooing just like last night, followed by farting sounds, and then the fog started to thin and lift. This is too wild! I’ll have to ask Alden what’s going on.
After a few minutes, Andy could clearly see a dozen or more poles, ovals and arrows floating in the sky above. I wonder how they stay aloft? 
Alden and Optimistic took off, the mare whinnying with delight. Alden directed her around floating poles and through ovals. It was clear he had to time going through the shapes perfectly with her rhythmic flapping or they would not fit, at least not together. Then he raced her vertically up and up and upside down, finally completing a loop only a few feet above the ground. Two more obstacles later, Alden guided Optimistic back to Andy, beaming.
“My best run yet!” he declared. “We’ve got a good chance, I know we do.” Andy could again hear determination in his voice.
Alden trained for a couple hours while Andy watched, awed by the beauty and grace of Optimistic coupled with Alden’s command of the animal. They were one, inseparable, seemingly reading each other’s thoughts, dancing together.
When Alden finally finished, they both dripped with sweat. He hopped off Optimistic and announced, “I’m done!” to the servants. Then he pulled off his nose plugs. Andy pulled his off as well.
Whewww! There’s that stench again! That is sooo bad!
“I need to cool her down and brush her. You don’t need to stay.”
Vigorously waving a hand in front of his face and gagging, Andy sputtered, “Hey, thanks for letting me watch you practice. You’re really good!” 
“Thanks,” replied Alden, laughing at Andy’s hysterics.
“See you later,” Andy yelled as he headed for refuge.
I’m definitely going to need to ask Alden about that stench! Why do they do that?
He walked back across the sawdust-covered arena, past the men training. The Major waved and Andy waved back. He had just entered the stable area when he saw a servant similar to the man he’d seen in the kitchen earlier. He was short but with more hair, and just like the other guy his arms extended nearly down to his ankles. His nose was beak-like and bumpy. He watched the cavalry train, but when his bulging, frog-like eyes caught sight of Andy, he frowned and darted into the nearest aisle between the stalls.
That guy’s not very friendly.
Andy headed back inside the castle. Where to explore next?
Satisfied there was nothing further to explore on the dungeon level, Andy headed back up to Mermin’s library to check out that trunk. On his way, he swung by the kitchen and picked up several more chocolate chip cookies, waving a thank you to Marta as he stuffed one in his mouth. She beamed. 
He headed up the stairs to the fifth floor and quickly found Mermin’s library. He knocked, but no one answered, so he stepped in and looked around.
Mermin must still be meeting with the King, Andy reasoned. Good, I can check out that trunk without raising suspicions.
Andy walked over to the chest and inspected it more closely. The lid, propped at an angle so as not to fall and crush the multitude of manuscripts standing at attention in its belly, had a rounded top and leather straps riveted to metal reinforcing bands every few inches with two of them ending in buckles, just like the one at home. He pushed some of the rolled up parchments aside to see what he might find. Like the outside, the interior was made of oak. He ran his hands along the perimeter to find the secret compartments Mermin mentioned, but found none. 
I guess that’s why they’re “secwet.” He smiled, as he remembered how Mermin had lisped the word. 
He continued his examination of the trunk but found nothing noteworthy, certainly no clues to tell him who might have sent his trunk or why, or, more importantly, what was in the trunk at home that could cause the not insignificant problems the note referred to. 
Well, I’ll just have to have a good look at mine when I get home. Whenever that is…
Satisfied for now, Andy turned his attention to the books filling the shelves. He began looking at the spines of the many volumes. Books detailed the inventions of Thomas Edison, Henry Ford, Walt Disney, Steve Jobs, George Eastman, Albert Einstein, and many more. He looked further and found several of Leonardo da Vinci’s sketchbooks. Andy remembered the King mentioning Leonardo had been in the castle many years ago, when he was young.
Why would Mermin have books about all these inventors? What other inventors have visited, and what inventions did they bring to Oomaldee? 
Shouting from the corridor interrupted Andy’s musings and he ran to the door.
“The servants’ quarters are flooded! Three feet of water! Come quick! Everyone needs to bail!”
Chapter Four
The Flood

When Andy arrived on the scene, virtually everyone from the castle staff swarmed about. A line of servants stretched out the front door of the castle from the entry hall down the stairs to the servants’ quarters on the floor below. They handed buckets up and down the stairs as quickly as possible, attempting to bail the excess water out of the castle and back into the moat running around it. The King led the charge, barking orders.
Andy spotted a gap between two servants on the steps and hastily joined, immediately grabbing the overflowing bucket passed to him.
“Uhh,” Andy grunted as the weight made him lose his balance and he fell down a step. The water sloshed and soaked him. His free hand fought for traction on the rough wall which he found in the nick of time before gravity pulled him to the bottom.
“Easy laddie,” the lady servant on the step below cautioned.
“Sorry…”
 He groaned, hoisting the now half-full bucket up to the pair of outstretched hands above. His upstair neighbor thrust an empty bucket at him in response and Andy passed it downward. He saw Alden at the bottom of the steps far below but did not see Marta. 
Not used to physical labor, his arms and back soon ached. I may be a guest, but I can be part of this team. If they aren’t stopping, neither will I. The regime went on for what seemed like hours. Andy’s hands ached from the bucket handles rubbing on his tender skin. Blisters formed with each bucket he passed.
When will this end?
When the water level stood at about six inches, the King and Mermin went down to assess the situation while everyone else continued bailing. A few minutes later, everyone heard the sound of something rough sliding across the stone floor and then the echo of a heavy door closing.
Uh oh, that sounds familiar, Andy fretted.
The bailing continued. By this time Andy’s hands bled, his back ached, and his arms felt like they would fall off any minute. He shivered in his wet clothes, soaked to the bone from all the buckets of water that had spilled on him. He started feeling sorry for himself.
The King reappeared. Good, a welcome break.
“This was very serious. One of the sections of seals had been slid out of place,” began the sovereign. “This allowed water to pour in. Thank goodness the hole was small. The seal was about to come completely loose. If Alden had not reported it, water would have continued flooding in, in torrents, and the bottom floors of the castle could have been washed out. The castle could have caved in.”
Excited murmurs erupted from the servants.
“Has anyone tampered with the seal or know anything about this?” the King asked.
Andy listened in disbelief. He knew immediately he had caused the disaster. But it was an accident! I didn’t know what I was doing. I was just exploring! The last thing I wanted to do was hurt anyone.
Andy deliberated. Should I say something? His conscience burned. If I tell them I did it, they’ll probably all hate me and never want me around. Alden won’t be my friend anymore. What would they do to me? He finally resolved, No, I’m not saying anything. 
The magistrate’s question met only a chorus of wagging heads and more murmurs.
The King and Mermin exchanged glances.
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” the sovereign asked his wizard.
“Abaddon,” came Mermin’s reply.
The King nodded in agreement. “Let’s discuss this later.”
Mermin nodded.
The King started barking orders again and the bucket brigade resumed. They bailed until the floor of the servants’ quarters, as well as the steps to the dungeon, had no standing water.
“No telling how much water got in the dungeon,” Andy overheard the magistrate say to Mermin. “We’ll deal with it later. I don’t feel like battling those creatures right now.”
“I quite agwee,” replied Mermin, wiping his brow.
Creatures? What’s that mean? Andy wondered, noticing the putrid green vapor no longer seeped from under the door.
Dinner was short with everyone exhausted from the excitement. Shock hushed conversation as the reality sunk in of how close they had come to losing the castle. Andy’s heart ached.
After dinner, he joined Alden and Marta in inspecting the damage to their quarters. The wailing and shrieks of horror emanating down the corridor as the servants got their first looks at the calamity pierced his conscience. Every cry burned his guilt deeper.

“Ha, ha, ha!” cackled a girl’s voice, followed by clapping. “Your conscience burns…yes, buurrns… Ha, ha, ha! Very good.”
“Imogenia, stop it!” followed a man’s voice.
What? Who? Andy shook his head, confused. 
“Something wrong, Andy?” Marta inquired.
“You didn’t hear that? Just now?”
“Hear what?”
“Two voices.”
Marta looked at Andy, brow furrowed.
“I didn’t hear anything either,” Alden confirmed.
“Then what?” Andy squeezed his eyes shut and wagged his head. “I must be imagining things.” He paused, trying to orient before adding, “Sorry Marta, you were saying.”
“Looks like just about everything is soaked with that filthy water.” Andy nodded as he surveyed the mud covering the bedding, clothes, and anything on the floor.
“Abaddon’s going to pay!” “The King’s not going to let this go!” Servants down the hallway exclaimed.
Andy felt horrible. He wanted to scream out that he was responsible. He wanted to announce how sorry he was and that it had been an accident. Oh how much he wished he could, but there was no way… The consequences would be too great.
Marta found that despite the papers in her desk having been damaged, her treasured keepsakes from Alden, which had been on the top, had been spared. “These are what matter most,” she acknowledged.
The servants salvaged what they could, but no one was going to be sleeping in their own quarters tonight since all the mattresses had been destroyed.
“Marta, you and Alden are welcome to stay in my room until you can get new bedding,” Andy offered.
“Thank you, Andy. It’s better than sleeping on that hard floor in the dining hall. Go on and head up to bed. Alden and I will be up shortly after we’ve gathered a few things.”
When Andy made it back to his room, he fell on his bed and sobbed. He couldn’t help it. The guilt was unbearable. He had no idea how he would live with himself or how to fix the damage he had caused. 
I’m just a big disappointment like Dad says. 
After a while he finally stopped crying, but his body still quaked. He shivered. He had been helping the servants in an attempt to ease his guilt, and his filthy clothes swaddled him in cold wetness. He walked over to the dressing area and found a towel and a washbasin full of clean water. He washed himself and put on clean clothes. The dryness began warming him immediately.
As he finished, he heard a quiet knock on the door. Alden and Marta announced their presence.
“Come on in. Let me go get some clean water so you can wash up.”
Marta looked at Alden, surprised.
“No, it’s fine. You’re tired,” Andy insisted, trying to make himself feel better. Andy went and retrieved clean water and Alden washed up.
Alden put on a pair of Andy’s new jeans and a new T-shirt. He smiled. He had never worn anything so unusual. Marta had found a nightgown in the top drawer of her dresser that had not been dirtied. She washed herself and changed, too.
They all got into Andy’s bed shortly after. Even though three of them now shared, it was so large there was plenty of room.
His body felt bone-tired, yet sleep hid from him. Andy lay staring at the ceiling, thinking about everything that had happened. He tossed and turned for what seemed like hours as his guilt burned deeper.  
“Annndyyyy,” sang a wispy voice, interrupting his despair.
Am I dreaming? That sounds like the King.
Andy sat up and looked around, but saw nothing in the darkness.
He heard the voice again. “Annndyyyy.”
Andy glanced over at Alden and Marta. No, it’s not them. They’re sleeping. If that is the King, after everything that happened today, I better go see what he needs right away, he thought. He carefully slid out of bed trying not to disturb his companions.
He pulled on his jeans and sandals, walked over to the door, pried it open as quietly as possible and stepped into the cold corridor. After the warmth of the thick covers, the frigid night air caught him off-guard. A shiver rocked his body. Well, I’m awake now.
As he walked down the hallway toward the stairs, the echo of each footstep reverberated off the cold walls and he glanced about. The only light was from the moon attempting to shine into the fog-congested window near the stairs ahead. It cast shadows that heckled and mocked and he struggled to quell the fear threatening to consume him. He quietly walked up two flights to the sixth floor where he knew the King slept. Even though he had never been invited inside, he remembered Mermin pointing out the door to the King’s chambers the night before when he had accompanied the wizard to change his robes.
He stopped outside the door. A thin line of light shone beneath it and Andy exhaled. Surely it was the King calling me. He knocked quietly.
“Who is it?” came the King’s voice.
“It’s me, Andy.”
The King opened the door. He wore a blue satin robe that extended to his slipper-covered feet.
“I’m surprised to see you at this hour. I was about to turn in. I’ve been thinking about everything that happened today and contemplating what to do about it. King Abaddon must not be allowed to harm us.”
As soon as the words crossed the King’s lips, guilt’s arrows resumed their attacks. He desperately wanted to tell the King what he had done… He opened his mouth, but words failed him.
“So, what can I do for you, Andy?”
“Well, sir,” he stammered. “I came because I heard you call me. What did you need?”
The King smiled. “That’s very thoughtful of you, but I did not call you. Perhaps after all of today’s excitement you thought you heard something. Go back to bed. Rest will do us both good.”
“Good night then, sir,” Andy replied as he headed back downstairs. That was weird, he thought. 
He slipped quietly into bed. The warmth of the covers reminded him of the inviting feel of his bed back home and he smiled. Minutes later exhaustion finally showed mercy and whisked him off to dreamland. But not for long… for just as he dozed off, Andy heard the voice again: “Annnndyyy.”
Surely it’s the King this time, Andy thought groggily. He slowly pulled his jeans and shoes back on, stumbled across the chamber, quietly opened the door, walked up to the sixth floor and knocked on the door of the King’s chambers again.
“Who is it?” asked the King.
“It’s Andy again, sir. I heard you call, so I came to see what you needed.”
The King appeared in the doorway, his hair disheveled like he had been asleep.
“Andy,” he said, “I did not call you. Please go back to your chambers and get some rest. We both need it.”
“Sorry, sir,” replied Andy, feeling his cheeks warm.
He turned and headed back to his room. What did I hear? It sounded so much like the King.
He slipped back into the warm bed but did not have opportunity to doze off before he again heard the voice call, “Annndyyy. Annndyyy.”
Same sing-songy tone. Same unhurried pace. He doesn’t sound upset – that’s a relief. It’s got to be the King! Andy deduced. But if I disturb him one more time…
“Annndyyy. Annndyyy,” it came again.
Andy pulled on his jeans and sandals one more time. He crossed the chamber, quietly opened the door, walked up the stairs to the sixth floor, and again knocked on the King’s chamber door.
“Who is it?” asked the King through a yawn.
“I’m really, really sorry, sir,” stammered Andy, “but I thought I heard you call so I came to see what you needed.”
The King opened the door fully. Andy breathed a sigh of relief when he saw the man wore a curious grin rather than an angry scowl. He had no doubt the latter would have greeted him had it been either of his parents.
“Andy, I can assure you I did not call.”
Andy grimaced and swallowed hard. “I’m so sorry for disturbing you, sir.”
“It’s all right, Andy. I appreciate your diligence in offering help,” he reassured. “I’m wondering about the voice you’re hearing.”
Andy felt stupid. That makes two of us. Did I even hear a voice, or was it my imagination?
“Don’t feel bad, Andy. Why don’t you try this: the next time you hear the voice, tell it to just speak. See what it does. Let me know what happens in the morning.”
Feeling like a complete idiot, Andy replied, “Okay…” The King is humoring me. The King gently closed his door and Andy smacked himself in the forehead with the palm of his hand before turning. Andy returned to his chambers and to bed. Marta and Alden still slept, oblivious to all that had just happened.
Stupid, stupid, stupid, Andy berated himself. And then he heard it again, “Annndyyy.”
This is crazy. I’m crazy! 
“I’m listening,” he whispered.
“About time!” came a voice in his head that sounded strangely like his father. “After your conscience brought me up to speed, I sent it back to the land you came from for a much-needed rest.”
What?
“I’m your inneru,” replied the voice.
My what?
“Your inneru.”
What’s that?
“In the land you come from, you call us your conscience. In the land of Oomaldee, they call us innerus. Both consciences and innerus hail from the same species of innerbeings; we’ve always had a symbiotic relationship with humans. However, consciences have evolved to handle a more sophisticated and refined human. They are not hardy enough to withstand the harsh climate of a place like Oomaldee. Innerus are a much tougher breed. We’re more down to earth and won’t take your crap; we’ll tell you the way things are and not sugarcoat it.” 
“When someone enters this land, an inneru is assigned to take over the responsibility of keeping their human’s thoughts in line. That said, I have to admit, I’m not very happy about being assigned to you. I was enjoying a vacation after spending the last seventy-seven years as another’s inneru. You slipped into the land very unexpectedly. Headquarters was short on available staff, so they pulled me off my vacation and here I am.” 
“As I was saying, I just got through being brought up to speed by your conscience. Not a good report, I must say. Seems as though you regularly ignore your conscience and do what you please. It was worn out and despairing from all you’ve put it through.” As the voice spoke, its tone became stern. “I refuse to be treated that way. I will not be ignored. Is that clear?”
Is that you, Dad? Andy questioned in his head.
“While your father is the voice of your conscience, and I, too, sound like him, I’m not him. When you return to your land, I will turn you back over to your conscience. Hopefully you will treat it with more respect. In the meantime, we have a few issues to discuss. ”
This is too weird. I must be dreaming.
“You’re not dreaming. You know the exercise you just went through with the King?”
What? You know about that?
“That was me.”
What!? How could you make a fool of me like that?
“Just showing you my power. I can make a fool of you and make your life miserable if you choose to ignore me.” It paused briefly, then slowly and sternly added, “I am not your conscience. I am your inneru. Know that well.”
I don’t like you, replied Andy.
“That doesn’t matter. You can’t get rid of me. Now, it seems we have an urgent matter that needs to be addressed.”
Andy panicked. Does it know about the flood I caused?
“Andy! Come on! I’m in your thoughts. Of course I know about the flood. I also know it was an accident. But you’re dying inside because you’re afraid of what might happen when you’re found out. It’s so clear. Your stomach is upset, you’ve been crying, you’re on edge.”
Andy did not want to admit it, but his inneru was right.
“Andy, do you care about these people or not?”
I do.
“Yes. That’s why this is bothering you so much. Why do you care for them?”
Andy had not thought about this before. He gave the question some thought and finally replied, I feel like they understand me. But I screwed up so bad! They’ll never forgive me. I’ve hurt them too much!
“Is your relationship with these people something you want to deepen?”
Yes.
“What do you think you need to do to accomplish that?”
Andy thought for another minute. No, I can’t. I can’t tell anyone. They’ll hate me!
“Suit yourself.”
Ugh, Andy complained. I really hate you.
“I’m sorry to hear that, but it’s your prerogative.”
Andy’s thoughts continued to churn until finally he wondered, what would I even tell the King anyway?
“You’re smart, you’ll figure it out.”
Great… a real help you are…

The following morning, Andy again woke to a rooster crowing. Marta and Alden had already left. He stared at the ceiling, collecting his thoughts, preparing for what he would tell the King at breakfast. His stomach hurt. As he rolled over and got out of bed, he nearly stepped on a large stone lying on the floor. It was the color of amethyst, perfectly round and highly polished, the size of a baseball.
Where did this come from, Andy wondered. He picked it up and the core began to pulse, as if alive. He brought it up to examine the center. As he did, he heard a trumpet blast as if an announcement were about to be made by an important official, much like the first night at the Curse Day remembrance.
“I am the One who brought you here to the land of Oomaldee,” a voice began. Andy jumped and he nearly dropped the sphere. “I have great plans for you that you know not of, Andrew Ferrin Smithson. From before your birth, I have chosen you.”
“Huh? From before my birth? Chosen me? To do what?” interrupted Andy. “What do you know about me or my birth?” 
Then to himself Andy queried, “Where did this rock come from?”
Ignoring Andy’s questions, the message from the sphere continued, “I was there with your parents when they chose to have another child even though finances were tight with your dad just starting a new business. I was there at the hospital the day your lungs first drew breath. I was there protecting you when you were two years old and ran out in the middle of the road. I prevented you from being struck by an oncoming car.”
Andy scratched his head. Wait a minute. He’d heard the story about nearly getting myself killed when he was little. “How would you know anything about my life? Who are you?”
The stone continued to pulse, but the voice did not go on for several minutes. Finally, it resumed, “I saw your curiosity and what it could do, for both good and bad. Andy, have you ever wondered why your mind works the way it does? Have you ever wondered why you feel like you never quite fit in?”
“Stop!” shouted Andy. “How would you know how I feel?”
 The message stopped. As soon as the words were out, Andy wished he had not yelled. Andy watched the stone pulse, waiting for the voice to continue.
“If you do what I ask, you will become a great leader in this land. Even the King will follow you.”
This is crazy—I’m listening to a rock! Andy thought, examining the sphere more closely.
 “You need not know who I am or even trust me right now, although you will in time.” The voice sounded calm and reassuring. I hate its certainty. 
The stone continued to pulse. “Oh, and one more thing. Tell the King everything you have heard. Leave nothing out.”
“But who should I say told me?”
The rock stopped pulsing and disappeared. Andy stood for several minutes looking at his empty hands, thinking about the message, trying unsuccessfully to make sense of it all.

Andy entered the dining hall and saw the King sitting at the same end of the long table as yesterday, wearing his standard black T-shirt and faded blue jeans.
“Good morning!” boomed the magistrate, motioning him to join. “Sleep well?” he asked with a sly grin.
“I’m sorry for disturbing you last night, sir.” Andy felt his face warm.
“You have nothing to apologize for - away from home, new surroundings… I’m not surprised you thought you heard something.”
Better get this over before I lose my nerve. He took a deep breath and plunged in, “Sir, I caused the flood yesterday. It was me.”
The King stopped chewing mid-bite. His eyes wandered up from his cereal, meeting Andy’s. “What do you mean?”
Andy recounted everything. Partway through, he paused and took a deep breath, trying to hold back tears. “I’m sorry! I never meant to hurt anyone. It was an accident.”
The King sat quietly for several minutes, considering.
Please say something.
“Interesting,” the King said at last. “I don’t understand how you could have found the emergency switch. It’s hidden. Only Mermin and I know where it is.” He shook his head. 
“I don’t know, sir.”
The King finally pulled himself out of his reverie, and said, “I know telling me the truth was not easy, Andy.” His voice was even, not angry. “Your actions created a lot of damage for my servants as well as the castle - it could have collapsed.”
Andy slowly nodded and squirmed as the full weight of responsibility pressed hard.
“Yet, you took responsibility,” he added, letting the words penetrate. “I’m proud of you.”
Andy eyes meet the King’s. “Really?” Maybe there’s something to this truth-telling after all.
The King cautioned with his hands, “I’m proud of you, not for what you did, but for taking responsibility and telling me the truth even though it wasn’t easy. This is a virtue I try to live by. I happen to believe that one’s success comes only from responsibility, diligence, and dignity.”
Andy nodded and exhaled in relief. Never before had he done anything like this. To try to stay out of trouble, he usually took the easy way out, not coming clean. 
“Thank you, sir,” Andy stammered staring down at the table. He lingered in the feeling of relief as he ate his toast, but it proved fleeting, as the realization began to dawn on him that he would need to apologize to everyone he had affected. His stomach lurched.
“You okay?” the King asked.
“Yeah, just thinking about how I’m going to tell everyone.”
“Telling me took courage, Andy, and it shows me you care for us. By the way, why did you tell me?”
Andy shifted uncomfortably. After a moment, he finally blurted out, “I feel more accepted by you and everyone here than I do at home.” His face turned red. He could not get the words, I love you, past his lips even though that’s how he truly felt. 
“I see. No need to be embarrassed, Andy. I’m sorry that’s what you think about your family. But I’m honored you feel this way about us, especially after such a short time.”
Andy did not know how to respond, so he sat unmoving and felt his cheeks burn.
“Just so you know, while I don’t yet know you well, I love you too,” replied the King with a wink.
He knows! A warm, fuzzy feeling began seeping through his body filling him all the way down to his toes. 
The King broke the ensuing uncomfortable silence as he cleared his throat and said, “I’m glad you told me what happened. I had been considering what actions we would need to take against King Abaddon, assuming he was responsible. That would have resulted in war and loss of life between our lands.”
“I had no idea you were thinking seriously about attacking him.”
“You couldn’t have known, but had it been him, we would have needed to reestablish our strength lest he try to take further advantage of us. Our enemies must always know we are strong. I’m just glad you told me it was you.”
Andy took a deep breath and nodded. “Oh, I almost forgot. When I was getting up this morning there was a round, purple stone laying on the floor next to my bed. When I picked it up, it started pulsing, and then there was a trumpet blast, and it spoke a message.”
“Ah, a message sphere,” replied the King. “I’m familiar with them. They are not common because they’re very expensive to send. The ones starting with a trumpet blast are from royalty. How curious you would be receiving one from royalty…”
Andy recounted everything the message had said, just as he had been told.
“Did the message say anything specific about breaking the curse?”
“No.”
The king considered, “Still, your arrival on the anniversary of Curse Day…I have to believe it’s more than coincidence. And this message said you have been chosen and will become a great leader here?”
“That’s right, sir.”
The King shook his head. “All these years of enduring under the curse that I am responsible for, all these years of trying to break it with my own efforts…” His voice trailed off. “Did the message say who sent it? Most times these things tell you the sender just before they disappear.”
 “No. Who could it be from?”
“What color did you say it was?”
“Purple. Why?”
“Unless I’m mistaken, I believe the message came from my father, from beyond the grave. Purple was the color of his household. Andy, I think you have been brought here to break the curse.”
“Really? But I don’t know anything about breaking curses.”
“You don’t have to. It sounds like the sender knows how. Please don’t tell anyone what you shared with me, not even Mermin.”
“I won’t, sir. I promise.”
“Now, I must be off to a meeting.”
After the King left, Andy finished his cereal to thoughts of, I have to face everyone I accidently hurt. His stomach started doing aerobics. Maybe I’ll start with Marta. At least I know her.
He sought out Marta and located her in the kitchens. Holding his breath, he told her what had happened. He apologized and explained he had not meant for any of it to happen. To his great relief, she smiled and gave him a long, reassuring hug.
“I know you didn’t do this on purpose. No one would. Thank you for telling me,” she encouraged, pulling apart.
Other servants in the kitchen overheard Andy’s confession and joined in more hugs.
The tall, thin servant with scruffy whiskers whom Andy had seen wrestling firewood yesterday introduced himself. “I’m Hans. What you did just now was honorable and produced dignity for you with all of us. I accept your apology.” He reached out and placed a reassuring hand on Andy’s shoulder.
Word spread throughout the castle about all Andy had done, both bad and good. To his great relief, no one seemed angry with him and all graciously accepted his apology. When he finished confessing to all the servants, he headed down to their quarters, picked up a bucket and sponge, and pitched in to help get their accommodations back in livable condition. He dragged out soggy mattresses, scrubbed walls, and mopped floors. One servant showed him how to sew new mattress covers. While it proved to be his least favorite task, he stuck to it. And even though the blisters on his hands pained him, he felt redemption every time he bumped a sensitive spot. It took nearly all day, but by the time evening came, all the servants declared satisfaction with the improved condition of their quarters. 
I didn’t wimp out! He couldn’t help but smile.

That night at dinner, as Andy sat with the King enjoying his favorite meal of chicken and dumplings, Mermin rushed in, nearly tripping over his oversize robe, his hat askew.
“I’m sowwy to be late for dinner, your Majesty!” He stopped and waited for the King to recognize him.
The King nodded and Mermin rushed on, “I was just leaving to come down for dinner when I thought I heard something in your labowatory. When I investigated, nothing had been distuwbed, but I happened to open Andy’s mailbox and…” He pulled a golden-colored envelope from inside his robe. “This was in it!”
He handed the envelope to the King. The envelope was addressed:
To Andy, Son of Smith, Responsible One.
“Well, Andy, you seem to be very popular with messages today. Seeing as it is an offense punishable by imprisonment to tamper with the US mail, why don’t you open it and see what it says,” the King winked and passed the envelope to Andy.
Andy smiled as he read his name. He tore open the envelope and pulled out a short note, then read aloud:

You have been faithful, now give ear to hear,
Riddle and verse and phrase to make clear.
Rely on wisdom, learned, now dear,
The salvation of Oomaldee draweth near.

In a room full of knowledge, give careful search,
To find a True Guide, the soul of the birch.

One single leaf, two covers conceal,
The keys that bring life, to you reveal.

“Do you know what this means?” the King exclaimed.
Chapter Five
A Clue!

Over the next two days Andy, Mermin, and the King fixated on the note, trying to decipher its meaning. They understood they needed to search someplace that sounded a lot like the Forest of Giants based upon the reference to a leaf.  But what was the True Guide? And what did “the soul of a birch” mean?
They explored many rabbit trails only to discover they led nowhere. It proved frustrating with the possibility of breaking the curse after more than five hundred years tantalizing the King and he grew a bit testy. Andy kept hearing him say to himself, under his breath, “Patience. Things should be exactly as they are.”
Five days later, over a breakfast of eggs and bacon, the King continued mulling over the puzzle. He thought aloud, “‘Rely on wisdom, learned, now dear.’ That’s what it says.” 
Andy and Mermin nodded.
“We’ve been thinking about this from your perspective, Andy, since the note is addressed to you. What if…” He held up his index finger. “What if it’s speaking to me?” 
Mermin raised an eyebrow.
“Hear me out. The letter says ‘rely on wisdom, learned, now dear’. Over the years I’ve had to learn a lot about myself and change as a result. I’m a much different person, much wiser I would say. While I didn’t enjoy the process, I like the outcome. So, if we look at this from my perspective, what might this mean?”
He read the lines again:

In a room full of knowledge, give careful search,
To find a True Guide, the soul of the birch.
One single leaf, two covers conceal,
The keys that bring life, to you reveal.

“In a room full of knowledge,” began the King. “To me, that’s Mermin’s library. It’s full of books with knowledge spanning many subjects with which we’ve tried to break the curse, but without success.”
“Wait a minute!” Mermin interjected. “I wemember a folk legend about the soul of the birch. I have a book about it upstairs in my libwawy.”
The trio quickly devoured what remained of breakfast and charged up to Mermin’s library. Once there, Mermin led the way to the folklore section. He waved his finger at a shelf up high.
“It’s up there!” he indicated, pointing.
Mermin glided a moveable ladder over and the King scaled ten rungs.
“Which book is it, Mermin?” 
“The blue one to the wight of your hand, sir.”
The King pulled the book from the shelf and read the title: “Princesses and Frogs: A Beginners Guide. Are you sure?”
“Twy the one next to it.”
“Training Your Therewolf in Three Easy Steps. Mermin?”
“Let me take a look, sir.”
The King descended and Mermin cinched up his generous robes and rose. Andy held his breath. I hope he doesn’t fall.
“How Faiwies Found Their Home, A Histowy of Twolls, The Legends and Lore of Methuselah,” Mermin read aloud.
“What about the gold book next to that?” asked Andy.
Mermin looked. “Gold one? Where?”
“There, to your left.”
Mermin looked again, puzzled. The King raised an eyebrow.
“I don’t see a gold book, Andy.” 
“It’s right there, by your left hand. Here, let me get it.” 
Mermin tottered down and Andy bounded up the ladder. He immediately grabbed the book and held it out for them to see. “See? This book.”
The King and Mermin exchanged glances and Andy headed back down, book in hand. He walked over to the big table, cleared some of the clutter, and laid it down.
“Ready?” 
The pair exchange glances and Andy asked, “What’s wrong?”
“Andy, we don’t see anything. Neither of us can see your book.”
“Really?” 
“Really,” confirmed the King. “But why don’t you open it and tell us what you see.”
Andy slowly lifted the cover to reveal white velvet lining the inside. He reached to feel it and the King and Mermin’s eyes grew wide. 
“Your hand!” the King exclaimed.
Andy jerked it back. “What?”
Seeing his appendage reappear, the pair sighed. “Your hand disappeared for a second,” the magistrate explained.
“Cool!”
Andy ran his hand across the fabric. It felt soft to the touch. A sweet floral scent escaped, reminding him of his grandma. He remembered snuggling next to her reading books when she was still alive. 
Andy narrated his findings as he migrated through the gold book. “There’s only one page in front. It’s blank. And there’s a compartment behind that.” Andy pulled on the matching white, looped handle to open it. “Cool! There’s a gold key.” Lifting it out of the book, he showed it to the King and Mermin.
The sovereign recited, “‘One single leaf, two covers conceal, The keys that bring life, to you reveal.’ The single leaf, I’ll bet that’s the blank page. Two covers conceal…one cover is that of the book, the other is… the cover of invisibility. Yes, that’s it!” A smile spread across the magistrate’s face. “The keys that bring life… Andy has one key, but it speaks of more than one. What else is in the book?”
“That’s all, sir.”
“It can’t be. There must be more,” insisted the King.
Andy looked back at the book. “Oh, wait! The first page has writing on it now.” Andy read:

“A recipe for disaster,
Of the curse, you are to Master.
Collection of ingredients,
Requires diligence, obedience.

Think not to improvise,
But hold true to each noble prize.
For only with integrity,
Will you achieve for all to see.

Of the first, by you pursue,
Impenetrable covering, hard and true,
Of dragon fierce, from whence it flew,
One portion, red, from you is due.”

“Interesting,” said the King, rubbing his chin. “Sounds like we are to gather several ingredients in order to break the curse… and no substitutions are allowed. The first is a scale from a red dragon. It says it has to be red, so that means it has to be from an adult male.”
“Red d-d-dragon?” Andy stammered.
“They are the rarest of dragon breeds, and only the adult males have red scales. Like most dragon species, the females and young are gray to help hide them from danger. It is said the red dragon is the fiercest of all dragons, which is why their scales are the most valuable.”
The King glanced over at Andy. “What’s wrong? You’ve battled dragons before. I’ve seen you. You’re very good.”
“When did I ever battle a dragon?”
“In your house, Andy. You used that box with the strange weapon. I was very impressed.”
Andy thought back… “You saw me playing my Dragon Slayer videogame? But how?”
The King hesitated. “What’s the expression you use? I think you say ‘a little birdie told me’? Well, let’s just say a little birdie told me.”
“But you are so good!” interjected Mermin. “I don’t see any diffewence. It’s all battling dwagons.”
Andy did not accept the King’s answer, but defended, “There’s a big difference between playing a videogame and real life! With a videogame, I’m just having fun!”
“What is the purpose of videogames if not to train you in the skills you will need to survive? Your training in tracking and stealth is very rigorous. Andy, you are displaying instincts only the best dragon slayers possess, and at such a young age. It is truly a gift,” the magistrate affirmed.
Andy remained silent for a minute.
How can I explain I was just playing? Fun isn’t supposed to have a practical purpose. The King has such confidence in me though, and that message said I was going to be used somehow. Either the King is being flattering in order to get me to retrieve a dragon scale for him, or he’s telling the truth and really believes I can handle… the impossible. I can’t tell. Andy’s thoughts vacillated. On the other hand, maybe the King is right. Maybe I only thought I was playing. Maybe I was practicing…
Resigned, Andy finally replied, “Alright, I’ll go get a scale from red dragon, sir.” How, I have no idea.
“Excellent! Thank you,” replied the King, patting Andy’s shoulder. “We need to find a red dragon then!”
“Sir,” Mermin said, “Mewodach, the dwagon master, will be at the festival. Andy can ask him where there are wed dwagons.”
“An excellent idea, Mermin!” The King was almost gleeful. “Andy, Merodach is a seasoned dragon master. He’s worked with these creatures longer than anyone I know. He will definitely know where to find a red dragon, but you must ask him carefully, so as not to arouse curiosity or suspicion.”
“But you’ll be there. Can’t you ask him?”
“I’m sorry, Andy, but I won’t. Neither Mermin nor I can leave the castle. It’s part of the curse...”
Sensing Andy’s questions, the King paused before continuing, “I didn’t want to burden you with this, but did you wonder why we are so old when everyone else in the castle is young?”
“I hadn’t thought about it, sir. You seem young, at least to me.”
“Thank you, Andy, but I am 509 years old, and Mermin is 507.”
Andy coughed. “Excuse me, but did you say you’re 509 years old?”
“That’s right, Andy. Because I’m responsible for bringing the curse upon Oomaldee, I also have unending life. I was allowed to bring Mermin with me, but we are not permitted to leave the castle. We must remain here forever.”
“You can’t go anywhere?”
“That’s right, Andy. My greatest desire is to restore the land to its former greatness by breaking the curse. After all these years, it seems you have been brought here to accomplish this. I have every confidence you will succeed.”
Mermin nodded in agreement.
A flood of thoughts upset Andy’s mind. “I can’t imagine…” Andy began. “I mean, what could you possibly have done to cause the curse?”
“I will explain everything later. Our primary concern at the moment is to find a red dragon.”
The King paused and gently lifted Andy’s chin in the palm of his hand. Their eyes met. “I am not brushing you off. I will tell you…when the time is right.”
Andy nodded, then put the key back in the book and closed the cover. He returned it to a lower shelf in the same bookcase for safekeeping. 
How in the world am I going to get a dragon scale?
Chapter Six
Jammin’ to Medieval Rock Bands

Fall in Oomaldee seemed a magical time, especially this year after the harvest. Folks celebrated bumper crops, putting everyone in a good mood. The trees turned brilliant golds and oranges and reds. Andy loved the crunch of fallen leaves under his feet. He was not used to changing seasons. His home was in the South where it was either summer or winter and rarely anything in between.

The opening day of the Festival of Oomaldee dawned crisp and sunny.
During breakfast, the King described what Merodach, the dragon master, looked like.
“He’s a rather large fellow, balding, with only three fingers on his left hand. He usually wears a bright red sash with yellow flames, evidence of his mastery over many dragons.”
Mermin leaned over and whispered to Andy, “Bit of a wun in with a dwagon that helped itself to a couple of his fingers, I hear.”
“Red dragons migrate throughout the year. You need to find out where they are currently. If there are any in the land, he will know. Be relaxed and don’t arouse his curiosity. How exactly you do this will depend on the situation you find him in, so I cannot guide you further there. Do not let on you are finding out for me. By the way, I suggest you change into servant’s dress so you blend in. I had the tailor make you a few changes of clothes. They should be in your chambers by now.”
“What will we do if there are no red dragons in the land of Oomaldee?” Andy inquired.
“Let’s worry about that if the time comes. For now, let’s see what he can tell us.”
After breakfast, the King handed Andy several silver coins.
“Nine quirts and a spanning ought to give you enough fun at the festival,” said the King with a wink. “It’s nine quirts to a spanning,” he added.
“Quirt? Spanning? But I don’t know how much that’s worth.”
“You’ll figure it out quickly enough. Now run along and have fun!”
Andy went up to his chambers and immediately spotted a bright blue tunic and green leggings, matching the ones Alden wore, neatly laid out on his bed. He pulled the tunic over his head and found it went only to the middle of his thigh. I feel…  exposed. He struggled to pull the leggings on – pull and squat, pull and squat, shimmy and squat, shimmy and squat. Is this what women back home go through? As secure as they would ever be, the leggings itched and felt strange as they hugged his legs. He bent and scratched. Ugh. The sandals… well, at least they felt comfortable, but his leggings kept bunching up in them. He went after an inaccessible itch at the top of his leggings like a gopher digging its burrow, before putting the coins in a leather pouch which the tailor had also left for him. He hung the small bag around his neck and tucked it inside his tunic.
Andy and Alden had agreed to meet in the kitchen after breakfast and venture over to the opening festivities together. Alden would show him around.
Andy made his way down to the kitchen and found Marta.
“My, don’t you look handsome!”
“The leggings itch,” he complained as he leaned over to ferret out another itch.
“Well, you look fine, Andy!” she reassured him. “Alden will be here in a minute. Would you like a chocolate chip cookie while you wait?” she offered, smiling. Marta had taken to keeping a supply on hand for just such an occasion.
Even though Andy had just finished breakfast, the cookie tasted delicious. He never got chocolate chip cookies at home. He downed three before Alden appeared.
Alden laughed when he saw Andy. “You look…different!”
“Thanks,” Andy mumbled self-consciously.
“Oh, stop it, Alden. I think he looks handsome. The two of you get along now. Have fun, but be home before dinner.”
Marta handed Alden a few coins and they walked out of the kitchens, heading for the castle door, but not before Andy stuffed three more cookies into his mouth and smiled. Alden followed suit.
The Festival of Oomaldee had been designed to give all the regions of the kingdom opportunities to compete for bragging rights in a variety of contests. The venue allowed people to hear the latest bands and, given the King’s desire to regain technological superiority, festivalgoers could also see and experience new innovations being developed by citizens, as well as by the King. Festivities spanned two full weeks and marked the highlight of the year for most.
The regions of Oomaldee rotated hosting the event. This year the city of Oops, just outside the castle, played host, so Andy and Alden walked. They struck out from the castle to sunshine and lighter-than-usual fog. They could see several feet in front of them - superior conditions compared to normal, according to Alden. Andy was still not used to the fog, and even though it seemed a bit easier to see this morning, he felt claustrophobic. And his leggings did not help. He scratched another itch. Alden, on the other hand, whistled out of excitement and happiness.
They had ventured only a short way when they began seeing cheerful banners announcing the festival and directing people toward the entrance. A little while later, they reached a clearing where crowds gathered, waiting for the trumpeter to sound the commencement of the activities. Banner advertisements, complete with drawings of spectacular mountain vistas or waterfront scenes, promoted travel to the other regions. Andy saw one banner with an ad for discounted knife sharpening, and another had a special on boars’ heads, two for a spanning. I guess that’s supposed to be a good deal, he reasoned.
Mimes with painted faces and white gloves wandered through the crowd pretending to be stuck in invisible boxes or behind tall glass walls they could not scale. They proved convincing.
Andy and Alden recognized several other castle servants milling about and joined them. Hans was there, along with several others Andy had met while helping clean up after the flood. He spotted Hannah not far away and waved. She waved back, blushing. The man with the long arms he had seen tasting the King’s food scowled when he saw Andy, jerked his shoulders back and waddled away.
“Not a very friendly sort,” commented Andy to Alden. “He always scowls when he sees me.”
“Don’t worry about him,” reassured Alden. “His name is Razen. You’d scowl, too, if your name sounded like a dried fruit.” The boys laughed.
“I heard he came a long time ago, after Abaddon attacked the castle and carried away the King’s food taster, Eliazer. Hans says he saw Eliazer fighting, but when the battle ended, they didn’t find his body. He figures Abaddon’s army captured him. Razen came to the castle after that. He doesn’t like new people. It took him over a year to stop scowling every time he sees me,” Alden informed.
Hans sauntered over. “Are you ready for the Tower Chase, Alden?” he asked, making small talk.
“I hope so. I’ll do my best.”
“Attaboy! That’s all you can ask of yourself.” Hans paused. “To not be happy with your best is not dignified.”
Partway across the crowd, Andy spotted Henry and Max, two of the three gold weavers Mermin had introduced him to at the castle. The ladies with them appeared to be their wives. Eight or nine kids ran between and around them, screeching and yelling. Must be their children. He waved.
At last the trumpeter sounded the official welcome and the crowd hushed with anticipation. The governor from the city of Oops ascended a large, decorated platform that stretched in front of a grove of trees at the front of the crowd. He held a large cone to his mouth and began his remarks.
“On behalf of the city of Oops we are proud to host the Festival of Oomaldee this year.” Several in the crowd cheered.
He droned on for several minutes, welcoming people, introducing dignitaries, and so forth. Andy’s mind wandered with all he saw. Magicians performed tricks on the edges of the gathering and minstrels played lutes and a variety of other instruments he had never seen before. Clowns juggled anything from apples to daggers and encouraged people to participate in their antics. Daggers were a bit much for Andy’s comfort and, privately, he hoped to steer clear of them.
Andy’s mind jolted back as the governor boomed, “Please join me in opening these festivities!” A roar went up from the crowd and everyone poured under the entry banner and toward the clearing where rows and rows of brightly colored tents stood in lines like soldiers in formation.
The delicious smell of funnel cakes assaulted Andy’s senses as they walked under the banner. They have them in Oomaldee! I have to get one!
“Cartesians aren’t welcome here!” Andy heard someone yell over the crowd. A boy, much bigger than him, leered at Alden. “You heard me, boy! You’re not welcome here. Get yourself on home where you belong.”
“What’s that about?” Andy questioned.
“People from Oomaldee consider those of us from Carta to be foreigners, and they don’t like us much.” 
Andy remembered Marta saying something to that effect as well. “Just ignore him. He’s just a bully. Hey, didn’t you say there are bands playing? Let’s go see if we can find them,” suggested Andy, changing the subject.
They headed away from the biggest crowds and toward an amphitheater where Alden said the bands would play. On their way, Andy glanced up at the sky. At the edge of the fog, he could make out the shapes of dozens of huge black birds circling above, like vultures hunting for their next meal. The birds appeared larger than any Andy had ever seen...and close.
“What are those things?” Andy asked.
“I overheard the King say one time King Abaddon has bird spies that circle the skies of Oomaldee. I think that’s what those birds are.”
“They give me the creeps. I feel like they’re going to swoop down and grab me for breakfast.”
Alden laughed. “So far I’ve never heard of that happening. Come on, we’re almost there.”
They walked into a huge oval arena with a dozen stages lining the perimeter. It was empty except for the two of them and several groups setting up their gear.
“Looks like we’re too early,” concluded Andy.
“Hey, there’s the schedule.” Alden pointed.
They walked over to the large banner and read down the list of bands that would be performing continuously throughout the two week extravaganza—Purple Turtle, Smooch, Raising the Dead, Rhapsody, Gregor and the Giants, Mudd Puddle, and many more.
Well, at least the names sound halfway decent, thought Andy.
“Looks like they start in an hour, let’s get something to eat while we wait,” Alden proposed.
Heading out to the festival’s main street, the boys began looking for food the adults in their lives would not allow them to eat. They found vendors selling candy apples, fried butter bits, huge barbecued turkey legs, fudge of all varieties (including chili flavor), and much more. They tried everything. After considerable searching, they sniffed out the tent selling funnel cakes, although they were called Fried Mesh Marvels in Oomaldee. The smells were all SO good…Andy and Alden stuffed themselves.
As they munched down cheesy popcorn, Andy saw one of the large black birds that had been circling overhead approach and land nearby, then dart behind a tent. He stood up and motioned for Alden to follow. They quietly crept around the tent to where they could see the large bird but also stay out of sight. Before their eyes, the bird transformed into a short, plump man with arms extending down nearly to his ankles! The man grabbed clothes that had apparently been hidden behind the tent, hurriedly dressed, and waddled out from between the tents, blending into the mingling crowd.
Andy and Alden stared at each other.
“Did you see that?!” Alden gasped. 
“His wings transformed into arms,” replied Andy. “Do you know what this means?”
They looked at each other. 
Alden nodded.
Chapter Seven
The Dragon Trainer

Breathless from running, their tummies aching from all the sweets they had eaten, the boys stumbled across the drawbridge and through the castle door.
“Where’s…King…Herc…alon…?” Andy managed to gasp out at the first servant he saw.
“Up in the laboratory with Mermin,” the little woman replied.
After briefly catching their breath, Andy and Alden bolted up the stairs. They knocked loudly on the door and were told to enter. The King and Mermin sat on tall stools at a large table, studying a scroll laid out in front of them. They looked up in unison.
“Back so soon?” the King asked as they bounded into the room. Mermin pushed his glasses back up his knotty nose.
Andy and Alden spilled everything they had just seen, finishing with, “So, what are you going to do?”
The King sat quietly rubbing his chin. After a long silence, he finally spoke. “Based upon reports I’m getting from my field troops, I knew King Abaddon was using those birds to spy on us. But I had no idea they could change into men. Thank you for telling me what you saw.”
“How do you know these bird-men are working for Abaddon?” asked Andy.
“King Abaddon is our only enemy. He’s the only one who would care to spy on us,” the King replied.
“Oh,” said Andy.
The King paused for another minute. “It seems to me we don’t need to do anything just yet. We are not preparing for war against Abaddon or doing anything else he would want to know about. If we got rid of the servant spies in the castle, he would know immediately we are on to him and would devise a new way to get information about us. It would take us awhile to uncover his new information-gathering method. By not doing anything, we can control what he learns about us. This is a much stronger position to be in than before.”
Mermin nodded his agreement.
“But what will he do if he knows about me?” asked Andy.
“No doubt he already does. We need to be careful not to let him know how you arrived…or much else for that matter,” added the King, looking at Andy, “lest he seek to harm you.”
“Andy, do you mind if I tell them some of what you shared with me?”
Andy glanced up. He’s asking my permission? That never happens at home… “No, not at all, sir.”
“Alden, you may tell no one. You are sworn to secrecy.”
Alden nodded.
“While I have no confirmation of this, I have reason to believe Andy has been brought here to break the curse,” the King whispered.
Alden glanced quickly at the King and then at Andy. “Really?”
“Really,” the King confirmed. “But as I said, you are sworn to secrecy. If you let this slip, you could be putting Andy’s life in danger. You see, the curse gives Abaddon superiority over us in many ways. He would not want us to regain our former advantage over him. I believe he would come after Andy if he ever found out.”
Alden nodded, understanding the gravity of the situation, and then added, “Sir, Razen knows about Andy and that he’s arrived recently. It’s hard to say what else he might know.”
“I will keep that in mind, Alden. For now, unless anything changes, we will keep everything as it is. And now Andy, I need you to head back to the festival and find Merodach, the dragon master, and find out about the matter we discussed earlier. Alden, would you mind assisting Andy? There’s a big task I’ve asked him to do for me, and I’m sure he would appreciate your help.”
“Uh…sure, sir,” Alden stammered.
“Very good then. Andy will fill you in on the details. Andy, since Alden will be assisting you, you have my permission to tell him what we discussed. Alden, you are to tell no one, not even your mother.”
“I understand, sir. I promise.”
“We’re on our way, sir,” announced Andy, standing up.
“Oh, and Alden, I wish you well in the Tower Chase you have coming up.”
Alden blushed. “I’ll do my best, sir.”

As they exited the castle, the sun stood high in the sky, making the fog that much brighter and harder to look into. They squinted to see the path. It was getting hot and humid, but Andy knew they needed to find the dragon master. 
Once they were on their way, Alden marveled, “Wow! The King knows I’m competing in the Tower Chase!”
Andy laughed. “He knows a lot of things.”
Alden was quiet for several minutes, letting the thought that the King would take notice of him sink in. Then he asked, “What was the King talking about when he said you were brought here to break the curse?”
The rest of the walk, Andy filled Alden in on everything that had happened since he arrived. He left out the part about the message and him being chosen, however, since he was not sure what Alden might think.
“So, you’re supposed to go get the scale of a red dragon?” confirmed Alden in the end.
“Yes, and you’re supposed to help me,” remarked Andy matter-of-factly.
Alden stopped. “But I don’t know anything about dragons. I’m just a servant.”
“I don’t know why you keep saying ‘I’m just a servant.’ The King thinks a lot of you or he wouldn’t have asked you to help me. By the way, if it makes you feel any better, I told him I didn’t know anything about dragons either,” Andy grinned.
Alden looked over at Andy and shook his head. “Great…so neither of us knows anything about dragons. We’re so going to die!”

They arrived back at the Festival and found themselves swept along in a large crowd heading toward the amphitheater from where they could hear music blaring. Entering the area, they watched spectators mosh to the music of Little Sister, music that, to Andy, sounded like his sister throwing a fit at something he had done to her. Screeching and scraping, the music was certainly “interesting.” Little Sister ended their show and another stage to the right lit up with fireworks to announce the band Big Deal. The effects were okay but hard to see in all the fog. The crowd got the idea though and started clapping and singing along to a mellower beat, set by a double bass and a keyboard. Andy and Alden saw Hannah in the crowd and squeezed their way between spectators to join her.
“Do you like this band?” Andy asked.
“Yeah, I prefer them to the one just before,” she replied, straightening her dress.
They hung out together through several more groups, dancing and having a good time. Finally, Andy interrupted their conversation. “I hate to say it, but Alden and I need to go find someone. We’ll see you back at the castle.”
With some degree of difficulty, they exited the amphitheater and made their way back to the main street of the festival. It was late afternoon, and Andy and Alden both felt their stomachs complain, so they stopped and each bought a chicken nacho and a bottle of Zippo water.
Having quieted their stomachs, they refocused on finding the dragon master. From past years, Alden knew the general area Merodach would probably be in. It was an open field at the back of the festival grounds where there was plenty of room for dragons to stretch out. Alden had learned from watching and overhearing dragon trainers in the past that the more room dragons have, the less fierce they are. The more closed in the surroundings, the more fierce they become. The festival grounds were extensive, and it took the boys several minutes to reach the area. As they walked, they could hear the band that was currently playing off in the distance.
When they finally emerged out into an open grassy field, they saw not the large tents selling food and games, but several campsites with little pup tents big enough to fit just one person. Dragons were staked between the pup tents.
“How’d you like to sleep between dragons?” quipped Andy.
“Ah, no thanks.”
Ten dragons paced a good distance apart, across the immense field, each a different color: yellow, pale orange, dark blue, purple, green, pink, bright orange, brown, crimson, and bright blue. They all sported a multitude of horns. A metal ring around a hind foot, staked each brut in place, but hardly seemed substantial enough if its owner got upset, but at least for now the dragons seemed calm. As the boys inched closer, they heard a low rumbling sound.
“What’s that noise?” asked Andy.
“It’s the dragons growling at each other.”
“Sounds like a freight train in the distance.”
“Freight train?” asked Alden.
“Don’t worry about it. Dragons give me the creeps.”
Alden looked at Andy and shuddered. “Me too.”
As they drew near, Andy whispered, “These dragons are huge!”
The area was strangely quiet. Ahead they saw a group of twelve or so large, gruff, unkempt trainers standing around a campfire and speaking to each other in hushed whispers. Several water-filled buckets stood nearby.
“Let’s go see if they know where Merodach is,” suggested Andy.
“You sure? These guys have a reputation for being ruthless.”
“You have any better ideas?”
“Well, no…”
“Then come on, let’s go ask them.”
Andy headed through one of the campsites. Alden followed. On the way, Andy tripped over a cast iron skillet whose handle had been sticking out into the path. Andy fell, doing a face-plant in the dirt. The skillet hit a lantern that stood next to it. Glass shattered and something else crashed to the ground, making a huge racket. Two dragons nearby raised their heads and roared at the commotion. The dark blue dragon reared up on its hind legs and sent a blast of fire at the yellow dragon several yards away. The yellow dragon retaliated and met its attacker with a fire blast of its own. The pup tent that had been between the two dragons caught fire. Several other dragons began tossing their heads and roaring.
The trainers sprang into action. Grabbing buckets full of water and two blankets, they doused the blue and yellow dragons, distracting them, while a trainer climbed onto each dragon’s back. Both dragons shot flames at each other, but the yellow dragon’s fire connected. A deep-throated scream was heard just before the man on the blue dragon fell off, burned. Another trainer took his place. Two trainers tried to throw blankets over each dragon’s head between blasts of fire, struggling to hold on to each lunging beast. After several failed attempts, they finally secured the blanket around the dragons’ horns and under their chins. For several minutes, both dragons struggled, tossing their heads about wildly, trying to remove the blindfold. At last, they both calmed down. The trainers who had ridden out the storm on the backs of their dragons dismounted.
“You okay, Ror?” one of them asked the man who had been burned.
“I’ve had worse,” he replied, walking over to the few remaining water buckets and cleaning his burns.
The rest of the men looked at Andy and Alden with piercing eyes. They slowly encircled the boys, who froze in terror.
“What do you think you were doing?” accused the self-appointed leader.
“I’m sorry!” pleaded Andy, afraid he and Alden might not live to see tomorrow.
“Keep your voice down, boy,” the man scolded in a gruff whisper. “You nearly created a ruckus with all the dragons. Do you have any idea what could have happened?”
“I’m very sorry, sir. I didn’t mean…” whispered Andy. “Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?”
“Yeah, you and your green-haired friend from Carta can get outta here, and stay out,” the trainer hissed in a stern, gruff voice.
The other trainers remained stone-faced and glaring. One mumbled, “Stupid kids. They have no clue.”
Before retreating, Andy summoned his courage and asked, “We are looking for Merodach. Would you happen to know where we might find him?”
“Merodach? What would two servant boys want with him?” the spokesman asked warily.
Without missing a beat, Andy said, “I want to learn how to battle a red dragon and I was told Merodach could teach me.”
The trainer stared at Andy in disbelief and then broke out in controlled bursts of laughter that, were volume not an issue, would have been heard for miles. A few of them fell to the ground, holding their stomachs, aching from laughter.
Between bursts of guffawing, the trainer managed to spit out, “That’s…the stupidest…thing…I’ve…ever heard.”
“You two? Battle a red dragon? Are you out of your minds?” interjected another.
After several minutes, the trainer pulled himself together and said to Andy, “Merodach is over there in his tent, catching up on some sleep.” He motioned to an oversized, tattered gray pup tent pitched beside a large oak tree. “By the time you’ve convinced him to teach you how to battle a red dragon, you’ll have already mastered the art,” he broke off in heaves of laughter once again. The rest of the trainers followed suit.
Andy and Alden headed for Merodach’s tent. The trainer hissed a warning after them, “He don’t like Cartesians. Might feed your friend to a dragon just for fun.” Muted laughter broke out once again behind them.
Andy looked back at Alden who followed. “Don’t mind them.”
“Don’t worry, I don’t.”
They reached Merodach’s tent and stood outside listening. Heavy breathing mixed with snoring came from the tent. They sat down in the shade of the oak tree and waited for the man to awaken. They played with the grass under their feet and twigs on the ground nearby, and still the dragon master slept on. They climbed the lower branches of the oak tree and gradually made their way to the topmost branches where they got a birds-eye view of the festival as far as the fog would permit them. The sun started going down and their stomachs began growling, but the man slept on.
“Do you think we should come back tomorrow?” asked Alden. “No telling how long he’s going to sleep.”
“I’m not leaving until I’ve spoken to Merodach. What we need from him is too important.”
“Well, can I at least go get us something to eat?”
Alden shinnied down the tree and went to retrieve some dinner. He was back in no time, handing Andy some treats that smelled amazing. The deep-fried turkey drumstick and the pork rolls in BBQ sauce tasted even more mouthwatering than they smelled! At the scent of the delicious fare, Merodach roused, yawned a yawn that sounded exactly like a dragon’s roar, and stuck his head out of the pup tent.
“Who’s there and what did you bring me to eat?” he bellowed.
His black curly hair was in complete disarray. Clearly he was not friends with a comb, as his bushy beard was full of morsels from past meals. As he crawled out of his tent, his too big belly brushed the ground, adding yet another layer of dirt to his well soiled plaid shirt, the buttons of which were stretched to their limits with his generous girth. Andy noticed that, just as the King had told him, the dragon master was missing two fingers on his left hand. Merodach scratched his big butt liberally as he stood.
Even though Andy was hungry and really wanted the food, he said, “I’m Andy, and this is Alden. Someone told me you know all about red dragons and how to find them. You can have our food if you tell us where we can find a red dragon.”
Merodach, who towered several feet over them, grinned. “Think you can bargain with me, huh, boy? The last fellow who tried that went missing for quite some time. His body was finally found washed down a river.”
Alden glanced quickly at Andy, but Andy ignored him.
“Please, sir, I just need to know where I can find a red dragon.”
“Well, why don’t you start by minding your manners and giving me that turkey drumstick. That might increase my willingness to help you.”
Andy slowly brought the food to Merodach who had seated himself on the grass next to the tree trunk. Immediately, the man began greedily devouring the turkey leg, dripping grease down his beard. Between voracious bites, Merodach asked, “What would two servant boys from the King’s castle need a red dragon for? Surely the King could get one for you if you asked as nicely as you’re asking me,” he grinned. “Have you asked the King so nicely for a wittle wed dwagon to play with? You can feed your friend to it. Red dragons love folks from Carta,” he chided as he took another oversize bite.
They waited as Merodach devoured all of the food. When he had finished, he let out a thunderous belch, lay down on the grass, and started to doze off again.
We’re getting nowhere this way, Andy thought. We need something more so he’ll give us the information we need.
He noticed a bright red sash with yellow flames hanging in the opening of the pup tent and moved quietly toward it. It was the sash the King had mentioned that showed Merodach’s accomplishments in battling dragons.
Andy cleared his throat. “Oh Mr. Merodach…” he said in a singsongy tone.
Merodach opened one eye. Andy picked up the sash and slowly walked toward him. Merodach sat up. The dragon master had brawn, but Andy and Alden both had far greater speed and quickness, and the man knew it.
“All right, boy, hand that to me.”
“Not until you tell me where I can find a red dragon.”
“Boy, I said give it here.”
Andy took a step backward. Alden followed.
“I’ll give you back your sash when you tell me where I can find a red dragon.”
Merodach and Andy glared at each other for a full minute. Finally, Merodach said, “Fine. You can find red dragons in the Dragon’s Lair in Abbadon’s land, Hadession.”
“Is that where they are right now? Because I know they migrate depending upon the time of year.”
“Yes, they are there now. I was there not more than a month ago and saw them. Now give me back my sash.”
“How do I know you’re telling me the truth?”
“You don’t, but I can call the other trainers over there. They’d be happy to help convince you.”
Andy looked at Alden and then turned back to Merodach. “Here’s your sash, you overgrown baboon.” At this, Andy threw the sash at Merodach and they took off running, back toward the main street of the festival.
Andy glanced over his shoulder. Several of the trainers were starting after them.
“Run, Alden!” Andy shouted.
Chapter Eight
Poisoned!

Up in the laboratory later that evening, Andy and Alden found the King and Mermin.
“So, Merodach said the red dragons are currently in the Dragon’s Lair in the land of Hadession, huh?” said the King after the boys had recounted the details of their adventure. “You did well to get this information. While I’m not sure I agree with your tactics, that was quick thinking, Andy. You and Alden stayed safe.” The King paused and locked eyes with both of them. “I think you will do well on this quest,” he said, putting his hands on their shoulders and giving a gentle squeeze.
Andy did not know what Alden was thinking, and while it was not a “manly” thing to admit, he couldn’t help feeling warm and fuzzy inside.
The King stood and walked over to a table where a map of Oomaldee was laid out. He showed Andy and Alden where the Dragon’s Lair was located to the northeast of the castle. The problem was that it wasn’t in the land of Oomaldee. Rather, it was in the land of Hadession where, from reports the King had received, King Abaddon ruled with an iron fist and much cruelty.
“We must plan your trip carefully,” said the King after studying the map. “There are many obstacles you must overcome to successfully get there and back. One of my biggest concerns is how you’ll get past the great wall that surrounds Oomaldee without being seen, for we must keep this journey secret from all—including your mom, Alden. The last thing I want is for Abaddon to find out we are trespassing into his land and harm the two of you. Is that clear?”
The King looked around at the three of them. Mermin, Andy, and Alden all nodded their agreement.
“Okay then, Mermin and I will work out the best route over the next few days while you and Alden enjoy the festival.”
Andy tried, unsuccessfully, to suppress a yawn and Alden rubbed his eyes.
“Okay you two, you’re making me sleepy just looking at you. I think it’s time we all retire for the day.”
Andy headed toward the door. As soon as he opened it, he heard hurried footsteps scurrying away. He raced out into the corridor but saw no one.
“What’s wrong, Andy?”
“Sir, I just heard someone scurry away as I opened the door.”
“Let’s hope no one was eavesdropping…” the King replied, frowning.
For the next few days Andy and Alden enjoyed the festival’s food, music, food, gallery games, food, livestock competitions, and food. Andy knew his mom would have a fit if she could see everything he ate, but it was all SO good!

The day finally arrived for Alden’s Tower Chase event with his pegasus. Andy got up early, rushed through breakfast, and joined Alden at Optimistic’s stall. Alden looked very formal in his royal blue riding coat with the castle crest on his left sleeve. He wore those weird bright green pants with the part that stuck out halfway down the thigh, and he had shined his black riding boots until you could see your reflection in them. His royal blue riding helmet lay on top of the hay near the stall door.
“How are you feeling?”
“A little nervous.”
“You’ll do great. I’ve seen you practice. You’re ready.”
“I hope so.”
Alden saddled Optimistic and led her outside into the bright fog of the stable yard. She could sense Alden’s nervousness and she danced in antsy anticipation. He mounted her and looked down at Andy.
“I’ll do my best,” he told Andy. Then to himself, “I know it’s all I can ask of myself. Problem is, whatever the outcome, I must be satisfied with the result since I can’t do any better than my best.”
Andy shook his head and laughed. “You’ll do great! And, for the record, I don’t think you’re going to have to force yourself be happy with the outcome.”
Alden smiled back. “Thanks,” he said quietly.
“I’ll see you over at the arena.”
With that, Alden and Optimistic took off into the fog.
Out of the corner of his eye, Andy caught sight of the servant with arms that came nearly to his ankles whom he had seen once before in the stables. He had been standing at a nearby door, eavesdropping on their conversation. Andy instantly remembered that this was one of Abaddon’s transforming spies. Seeing him again sent a chill down Andy’s spine. The little man frowned and then scurried away, just as he’d done the first time Andy saw him. It gave Andy an uneasy feeling.

Andy walked the now familiar path to the festival by himself. He felt strangely alone. Since he had been at the castle and met Alden, they had spent a lot of time together and become good friends. He had never had a friend like Alden, someone he enjoyed spending time with and trusted so completely. And Alden’s mom made him feel so welcome. Now, by himself, he felt incomplete. Andy roused himself from his thoughts as he passed under the festival entry banner and hurried to find Alden at the arena.
As he approached, that all too familiar stench grew stronger. Andy covered his nose with his arm. He would definitely have to remember to ask Alden about this. As he came through the gate to the arena, a uniformed attendant in crimson, apparently from the city of Oops, handed him a program and nose plugs. He smiled and nodded his thanks.
An official was announcing the contestants in the Tower Chase competition. His eyes searched for Alden in the sea of people. Finally, he spotted him near a gate at the end of the arena and he waved. Alden waved back with a big smile, giving Andy a thumbs up.
According to the program, Alden was set to ride third. As the announcer introduced each rider, the crowd gave a warm cheer. Andy saw Marta and Hans sitting in the Friends box cheering.
“And now, from his Majesty’s castle, riding Optimistic, please welcome Alden,” crowed the announcer a few minutes later. Alden rode to the middle of the ring, respectfully removed his riding hat and bowed to the officials. At the sight of Alden’s green hair, no warm cheer went up from the crowd. Instead, most spectators remained silent or murmured. A few jeers of “Go home, Cartesian!” could be heard. 
Andy saw Alden’s face. It was set with determination. A minute later, Alden launched Optimistic. Up, up, up they flew. Around floating poles and through suspended ovals, just as Andy had watched him do in practice. They were beautiful together, flying in perfect harmony. Alden’s ride was going flawlessly.
Then, two rows ahead of him, Andy saw the vulture-man from the stables. It was clear the man had not seen him. He was holding a narrow tube up to his mouth.
I wonder what he’s doing, Andy thought.
Alden raced Optimistic over everyone’s heads as he drove her vertically up and up and upside down, performing the requisite loop. Just as Alden cleared the stands, the little man lowered the narrow tube. An official who had been standing in the center ring in front of Andy collapsed.
What just happened?
As Alden approached the stands again for his next obstacle, the little man hurriedly loaded something into the straw and once more held it up to his mouth.
He’s trying to hit Alden with a poison dart as he flies over!
Andy launched himself over the intervening two rows of people and tackled the bird-man. He grabbed the straw and wrestled it away.
Immediately, Andy felt something scratch him. “Ouch!” he yelped as pain shot down his left forearm. 
Andy reached for his arm and yelled, “He’s trying to kill Alden with poison darts!” No sooner had he announced this, than he began feeling lightheaded.

“Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha…” Andy overheard a lady laughing uncontrollably. She sounded evil.
I’ve heard that voice before! What’s going on?
 “Imogenia! How could you!” a man’s voice challenged. 
Then everything went dark.

Andy woke to find himself in bed. His head felt like it might explode, and his stomach wasn’t much better. His left arm was wrapped in a cloth bandage and elevated in a sling. Alden and Marta sat nearby. Hans stood at the end of his bed.
“Wh-wh-at-at hap-p-pened?” Andy asked groggily, rubbing his eyes.
“You’re finally awake!” rejoiced Alden. “You’ve been sleeping for three days.”
Andy tried to sit up, but his head screamed when he lifted it off the pillow.
“You gave us quite a scare,” intoned Marta, leaning over Andy to give him a kiss on his forehead.
“That’s for sure,” added Hans. “I knew it was a poison dart, but I didn’t know which poison. It took all my medical training to finally figure it out.”
“The King and Mermin have been by regularly to check on your progress,” interrupted Marta. “Alden, why don’t you go let them know Andy’s finally awake.”
Moments later the King and Mermin appeared.
“Well, Andy, that was quite a surprise you gave us,” started the King.
“What happened?”
“Near as we can determine, Alden was doing his run in the Tower Chase when one of the stable servants tried to shoot him with a poison dart from the stands.”
“Yes, I remember…” murmured Andy. “The vulture-man was sitting two rows in front of me. He must have shot one dart that missed Alden as he came around by the stands.”
“Yes, Andy. That dart unfortunately hit an official who was standing in the center ring. I’m afraid she was killed.”
“Really? That’s terrible!”
The King nodded.
“I remember seeing the man reload as you were coming around again, Alden. I jumped over the people in front of me and tackled him. That’s all I remember.”
“Yes, Andy. Apparently you were successful in disarming him. Unfortunately, he had another dart in his pocket. As soon as it scratched you, the poison knocked you out. Lucky for Alden, you passed out on top of the man and he could do no more harm. The guards arrested him. He’s being held in the dungeons.”
“Why would he do such a thing?” 
“While he is being questioned extensively, his motives are not yet known. It could be he is prejudiced against Cartesians, as you have witnessed, or it could be…” The King glanced quickly at Marta and back at Andy and Alden.
Andy finished the King’s thought with his own—that Abaddon has somehow learned about our plan to visit the Dragon’s Lair and wants to stop us.
“Whatever his motive, we need to take extra care. Andy, I’m very glad to see you’re recovering. You did a brave thing in stopping that man. I’m proud of you!”
“How did you do with your ride, Alden?” asked Andy.
“Alden took first place in the competition!” exclaimed Marta, smiling proudly.
“All right, Alden!” sounded Andy. “Oh ouch!” he followed, reaching for his head. “I guess I’d better not yell.”
“It was awesome,” beamed Alden. “During the awards ceremony, the crowd was completely quiet. There was no heckling. Some even cheered.”
“Was that better than the award?” asked Andy.
Alden thought for a minute… “I think they were both great.”
“I knew you’d win it. I had no doubt.”
Alden beamed. “Thanks…”
The King interrupted. “I know I’ve said it before, Alden, but congratulations again. You truly did an outstanding job for yourself as well as the castle.”
“Thank you, sir,” replied Alden, bowing.
“We’ll come visit you again later, Andy. For now, get some rest.”
With that, the King and Mermin left.
“Well, I’ve dinner to help prepare. Alden, stay with Andy in case he needs anything. Andy, get some rest,” instructed Marta. She walked over to the bed, kissed Andy on the top of his head one more time and tousled his hair, then headed for the door. For a fleeting second, a thought passed through Andy’s mind: I wish my mom would do that when I’m sick, instead of always being so busy…
Andy’s attention was drawn back as Alden said, “I know this sounds weird, but you saved my life.”
“You’re my friend. What was I supposed to do?”
“Well…thank you.”
“You can save my life the next time,” Andy replied, smiling.
Chapter Nine
A Perilous Journey

Three days later, Andy, Alden, the King, and Mermin met in the laboratory.
“Have you discovered the servant’s motive yet?” asked Andy.
“So far it remains unclear.”
“What about Razen?” asked Alden.
The King explained, “Until we have a motive, we won’t know if the attack was on Abaddon’s orders or whether the man simply doesn’t like Cartesians. We can’t go arresting people just because they look similar.”
“But we know Razen is a spy,” objected Andy.
“But the west of the castle staff doesn’t,” interrupted Mermin.
Still not satisfied, Andy exchanged a look with Alden, then spoke. “But sir, who else might get hurt before we know?”
The King raised his hand to stop Andy. “All will be made clear in due time, Andy. We will continue to press the servant, and he will come to understand that it is in his best interest to tell us what motivated him. If you ever see the dungeon where he is being kept, you will understand.”
Andy’s mind flashed back to the wisps of putrid green vapor he had seen seeping from under the dungeon door. He also remembered the raised area that looked like someone or something had punched it from the inside. He let his argument drop for now.
“While you’ve been recovering, Mermin and I have been planning your route to the Dragon’s Lair,” said the King, changing the subject.
They all moved over to the table where the map of Oomaldee lay open.
“The day after tomorrow, when the festival is over, I’d like you and Alden to set out to retrieve the red dragon scale. If all goes well, it should take you four days to reach the Dragon’s Lair,” the King began. “Mermin and I believe the best route for you to take is through the city of Oops to the Goozy Bog, right here.” He pointed to a location on the map. “Be careful to stay away from the very edges of the bog as there are a few patches of quicksand.”
“You don’t want to fall into one of those,” Mermin interjected. “You could dwown. Your feet get stuck, and you just keep sinking and sinking… The quicksand eventually covers your head and you dwown. Nothing much you can do once you get stuck in quicksand… Yep, you dwowne.”
Andy and Alden looked at each other, eyes wide.
“Thank you for that, Mermin,” interrupted the King, clearing his throat, trying to change the subject. “Now, as I was saying…from the Goozy Bog, follow its edge to the village of Oohhh. The Forest of Giants will be off to your right—be sure to keep your distance, for it is a dark and dangerous place. Many an unwary traveler who has gotten too close to the forest has turned up missing.”
“What happened to them?” asked Andy nervously. Alden glanced between Andy and the King.
“No one knows for sure. Some say there are giant plants that gwab people and cawwy them to their deaths. Other folks say vicious giants eat people,” explained Mermin, matter-of-factly. “The last person to go into the fowest that I know of was an old, cwazy lady, Anta Emm. Don’t know what made hew do it, but she up and walked into the fowest. Never been seen or heard fwom since.”
Andy shifted on his stool.
“You will be safe as long as you follow the edge of the bog,” the King said slowly, trying to reassure them. “Once you reach the village of Oohhh, travel northeast until you reach the Great Wall. You will need to take care not to be seen by the soldiers stationed in the Greenleaf Watchtower. If they see you, they will stop and question you as to what you are doing in those parts. If you can’t provide a satisfactory explanation, they will think you are spies and apprehend you.”
Andy looked over at Alden once more, his eyes wide.
“Let’s make sure that doesn’t happen,” the King suggested.
“Now, there’s a slightly tricky maneuver you will need to execute at this point. The Forest of Giants goes right up to the Great Wall at the Greenleaf Watchtower. So you will want to cross that section of your path as quickly and quietly as possible when the day is brightest.”
Why doesn’t he just tell us we have to fight a man-eating monster at this point? thought Andy. This is crazy! We’re gonna die!
“Follow the Great Wall until you come to the Victory Watchtower. You will know it easily. This is where the Slither River, Red River, and Blood River merge.”
“Excuse me, sir,” interrupted Andy, “but why are the rivers named Red River and Blood River?”
“Many years ago, King Abaddon snuck into the land of Oomaldee on the Slither River under the Victory Watchtower. He and his troops laid in wait for our forces who were up in that area on training exercises. They ambushed our troops and over fifteen thousand of our men died. The two rivers ran red with blood. Only when our forces took refuge on nearby Mount Hope were they successful in driving him back and finally defeating him. He retreated back to the land of Hadession.”
“Is it possible that King Abaddon could be in that area again?” asked Alden.
“It’s not likely. After that battle, we made many improvements to the watchtower. Chances are slim that he would be able to get back into our land.”
“But those vulture-men fly overhead all of the time,” interrupted Andy. “What’s to keep King Abaddon from flying troops into the area?”
“There’s a big difference between flying men and flying artillery. Cannons are heavy, and he would have a hard time getting all that into Oomaldee without being detected.”
Andy’s mind started racing, and he interrupted the King once more. “What if he killed the guards in the watchtowers? What if…what if he replaced them with guards of his own, so it looks like your watchmen are protecting the land but really aren’t?”
The King took a deep breath. “Boys,” he spoke slowly and calmly, looking them in the eyes, “I would never send you this way if I thought you would be hurt. We looked at several possible routes, but in the end chose this one because we feel it is the safest.”
Andy‘s and Alden’s eyes met.
Safest?
“It’s completely understandable that you’re a bit concerned, but trust me, I want you two to return safely. After all, what good would it do if you could not return with the red dragon scale. That is, after all, the whole point of this mission,” said the King putting his hand on Andy’s shoulder.
Andy met the King’s eyes.
“Now—” he paused, “—may I continue?”
Andy nodded, then glanced at Alden.
“I recommend that you cross the Slither River just as it is getting dark to avoid notice by the watchmen. Once you cross the river, follow it upstream until you reach Dragontail Tower, but again, be careful you are not seen. You should be able to go through the Great Wall by way of the tunnel that the river runs through. We sealed up the main access after that battle, but we installed a secret door just to the right after you get in the tunnel. Similar to the way the door to the drawbridge power room works.” Andy squirmed. “There is a stone in the floor that, when you push it in, will slide the door open for you. Follow that tunnel and it will open up into the foothills of the Zwellow Mountains. Keep following the Slither River northeast and it will take you to the Dragon’s Lair.”
“Any questions?” asked Mermin.
I wish I had a GPS, thought Andy.
Neither Andy nor Alden voiced their concerns.
The King concluded, “As I said before, we’ve chosen this route to minimize risk and maximize the probability of success.” He took a deep breath. “Now, tomorrow is the last day of the festival. Alden, you’ll want to participate in the closing ceremony with your first place medal. You two enjoy yourselves and we’ll plan to have you leave in two days.”
Enjoy yourselves? Easy for him to say, thought Andy.

Andy did not sleep well that night. He could not stop thinking about the route the King and Mermin had outlined for them. At some point sleep must have overtaken him, because he woke up sweating awhile later after dreaming that a giant from the forest grabbed him and was just about to pull his head off. He finally let that nightmare go, only to dream he was caught in quicksand. He kept sinking and sinking and sinking, all the while unable to catch his breath. Only his lips remained above the surface and he gasped for air. Andy jolted himself awake as his arms thrashed and hit the covers.
The morning sun finally had pity on him, sneaking rays through the fog-filled window. He sat up sleepily, stretched, and yawned in relief.

Several hours later, Andy savored a Fried Mesh Marvel, his absolute favorite festival food, while Alden munched on barbecued pork rolls. The boys were in the amphitheater listening to another band, Flamin’ Dragons. When the band finished, Andy said, “We haven’t checked out Technology Frontiers yet. Do you want to?”
“Yeah,” replied Alden. “That’s always the most awesome part of the festival! Last year I saw a pegasus massager. I’d love to get that. It would sure save me a lot of time.”
A pegasus massager? Not quite what I had in mind for awesome innovations, thought Andy.
Technology Frontiers was situated near the back of the festival grounds, next to the field where they had encountered the dragon trainers. The dragon fighting competition had ended and the field was empty of both dragons and trainers.
Andy spotted something red in the path and stopped. “What’s the difference between a red dragon and a crimson dragon?” asked Andy.
“Not sure. Why?” 
Andy looked down. To the left of his foot was something shiny, red, and curved, about the size of a fist. He bent down and picked it up. Holding it in his hand, he turned it over several times. Alden watched.
“How do you know it was a crimson dragon and not a red dragon that was here? Have you ever seen a red dragon?” asked Andy.
“Well, no, but why would Merodach tell us where to find the red dragons if there was one here? Why wouldn’t he have pointed out the red dragon if there had been one?”
“You trust Merodach?”
“Well, no, but…”
“Do you really want to go on this trip? Some of the things the King said scare me to death. How ‘bout you?”
“Well, yeah. That Forest of Giants gives me the creeps…”
“Exactly. So if this is the scale of a red dragon, and if we don’t have to make that trip to the Dragon’s Lair, battle a dragon, and get back in one piece, wouldn’t that be better?”
“Yes, but how can we tell?”
“Let’s bring this back and see if the King or Mermin can figure out whether it’s from a crimson dragon or a red dragon. What have we got to lose?”
Andy put the dragon scale in the pouch that hung around his neck and tucked it back inside his tunic, his mood brighter.
They walked along the path through the fog which had thickened, through a dense mass of old oak trees, and emerged to see a huge silver sign that read TECHNOLOGY FRONTIERS, INVENT YOUR FUTURE hanging from an oversized, bright white tent. Set against the bright whiteness of the fog, it created a distinctly ethereal feeling that set this area apart.
Andy and Alden walked into the tent. They found a sewing machine on display. There was also a clothes washing machine with a pair of mechanical hands that picked up the dirty clothes from a laundry basket, scrubbed them against a wash board with soap, and then rinsed them in clean water in an adjoining bucket. Several ladies were excitedly clucking about how much simpler their lives might become once these were available for purchase. Alden thought they were great! Andy was disappointed.
What they thought was only one tent turned out to be a cluster of white tents housing a multitude of inventions. The next tent featured booths demonstrating a fog removal spray and a message delivery system that was nothing more than homing pigeons. The one after that housed an automated milking machine. A group of men gathered around and tested it out, making excited gestures and talking loudly. Alden again was excited to see the possibilities, but Andy grew bored.
Andy was ready to be done with Technology Frontiers when he noticed a device on the table in front of him called Odor-Be-Gone that claimed to manage nasty smells.
“Alden, I keep forgetting to ask. When I first arrived on Curse Day, after dinner I could have sworn I heard cows mooing and then farting as the fog lifted. It also happened when you were practicing the Tower Chase and again during the competition. It always reeks! Am I crazy, or do cow farts make the fog disappear?”
Alden laughed. “You’re not crazy. And yes, cow farts chase the fog away. The only problem is the smell.”
“Yeah, I’ll say!”
Alden continued, “I’ve heard that when the curse first started a long time ago, farmers found that their pastures were fog-free where the cows grazed. They started using cow farts to clear away the fog when there’s an event.”
“It’s a great idea, but someone needs to invent something to kill the stench. It’s horrible!”
“They’ve tried several things, but so far they haven’t found anything that works well.”
Andy inspected the Odor-Be-Gone device, which was supposed to make cow farts smell good. Well, maybe not smell good, but at least mask the stench! It looked like the frame for a pair of glasses, except a wire extended from the bridge over your nose. The wire held a small sponge, and you could fill the sponge with whatever scent you liked best—mint, lavender, or lilac— to cover the bad smell with something better. Andy put it on. It pinched the bridge of his nose, but he could smell mint, which was far better than cow farts. While Odor-Be-Gone was still in development and had a few bugs to work out, Andy could definitely see getting one when they became available.
Through the trees and across the fog, they heard a trumpet calling everyone to the amphitheater for the closing ceremony.
About time! With the exception of the Odor-Be-Gone, Technology Frontiers is a bomb! Andy thought.
He and Alden headed for the amphitheater. On the way, Alden pulled out the gold medal from under his tunic. Andy glanced down at it and smiled. Alden smiled back.
As they entered the arena, they found that all twelve stages were filled with the top bands that had played during the Festival. The place was packed. People were laughing and having a good time. Across the crowd, they saw Marta and Hans. Waving to get their attention, the boys headed over to join them. On the way, they greeted Henry, Max, and Oscar, the gold weavers, along with their wives and kids, as well as several other castle servants. It seemed as if everyone had turned out.
“Well done on your first-place finish in the Tower Chase, Alden,” congratulated Hans, looking at the gold medal proudly displayed around his neck.
“I did my best!”
“Indeed you did.”
After several minutes, the governor of the city of Oops mounted the center stage. The crowd quieted.
“I’d like to thank you all for attending the Festival of Oomaldee this year,” he began. “Your support of the festival, your participation, your cheering for the competitors and enjoying the bands—” the crowd interrupted with applause and hoots “—has produced another successful event. I feel privileged to have hosted the festival in our fair city. It will certainly be the highlight of my year!” 
The crowd started whistling and hollering once again. The governor motioned for quiet. “I see it will be a highlight for you as well.” He smiled, then continued, “On a more serious note, as we draw the festivities to a close, I do want to take a moment to remember Uma Flopol, a competition judge. She was killed after being struck by a poison dart during the Tower Chase judging.”
At hearing this, some in the crowd gasped.
He continued, “If not for the courageous actions of Andy, Son of Smith, it is probable that others could have been killed as well. Is Andy, Son of Smith, here? If so, please come up to the platform to be recognized.”
Hans shouted, “He’s right here!” motioning wildly at Andy.
Several folks standing nearby heard Hans. They began pushing Andy toward the stage. He made his way through the crowd and slowly climbed the steps to chants of “Way to go Andy, way to go!” 
The governor shook his hand. “That was a heroic thing you did. You ignored your own safety and acted to prevent harm to others. I understand you got hurt and spent three days recovering from your injuries.” Andy nodded. “On behalf of the Festival Committee and everybody here, thank you.”
The crowd erupted in applause and whistling.
“Is there anything you’d like to say?”
“Well, I’m no hero. I’ve never done anything like that before. I just saw the guy about to hurt my friend and I tried to stop him.”
“A hero and humble!” the governor praised. “Well done, Andy!” He paused, then added somberly, “Now, I ask everyone to join me in a moment of silence as we remember Uma Flopol…”
Everyone grew quiet.
After a minute, the governor spoke once more. “And now, would the medalists in the athletic competitions please join me on stage to be recognized. Andy, please stay here. Your actions were just as heroic as theirs.”
Alden joined Andy with the other hundred or so medalists. The governor invited the winners of various other contests, like the jams and jellies competition, the apple pie eating competition, the turkey calling competition, the kite flying competition, and the goat herding competition, to the adjoining stages.
“Please join me in recognizing all of our winners!” the governor declared, and the crowd gave a rousing round of applause.
“Thank you all, once again, for attending. I now declare the Festival of Oomaldee complete for this year!”
At this, the bands all started playing a raucous version of “Champions Rock!” while fireworks erupted from the back of the main stage. Cheers went up and people started dancing and swaying to the music.
Wow! This is so much bigger than the Fourth of July celebrations back home! I’ve never seen people party like this! Andy marveled as he spun around, dancing to the music.
Andy and Alden rejoined Marta and Hans to hugs and more celebration. As they danced toward the exit of the amphitheater and all along the way home, folks stopped Andy and shook his hand.
Out of the corner of his eye, Andy noticed Alden glancing over at him as he shook someone’s hand. While his friend wasn’t exactly frowning, he was not smiling like Marta and Hans.
Good grief! I saved his life. Why is Alden looking at me that way? What’s his problem?
Chapter Ten
Gift in a Gold Box

They arrived back at the castle in time for dinner. After washing up and changing back into his comfortable blue T-shirt and jeans, Andy joined the King and Mermin in the dining hall.
He recounted everything he had seen and enjoyed during the festival. Then, remembering the dragon scale that he had stashed in the pocket of his jeans when he changed, he pulled it out and showed it to them.
Handing it to the King, Andy said, “Alden and I found this earlier today. Do you know what kind of dragon it’s from?”
The King handed it to Mermin to examine.
Mermin held it up to the light, turning it over several times. Then he held it up to his mouth and rubbed it against his front teeth, much like testing a pearl.
While Mermin was performing his examination, the King asked, “Andy, why did you bring this back?”
“Well…I doubt whether Merodach would have told us if there was a red dragon at the festival. So I figured if this was the scale of a red dragon, Alden and I wouldn’t need to go retrieve one from the Dragon’s Lair.”
The King chuckled. “I’m not surprised to hear you say that about Merodach. Even though he seems questionable in character, in all my dealings with him he has never once lied to me.”
“You’ve dealt with him before?”
“Yes, a few times.”
“And…?” Andy probed.
“And…I think Mermin has finished his inspection,” the King evaded.
“It’s the scale of a cwimson dwagon. No mistaking it. See here, there is a vewy light colored gway stwipe at the bottom of the scale. Cwimson dwagons are gway under all their scales. Wed dwagons are wed under their scales and do not have this gway stwipe. Some say wed dwagons are angry all the way thwough, which is why they are the fiewcest.”
Mermin handed the scale back to Andy. He could just make out a light gray band along the bottom of the scale where it would have been attached to the dragon. “You really have to know what to look for, don’t you?” he said at last, forcing a smile.
“Mermin has studied dragon species for many years. He knows his dragons,” said the King, smiling at Mermin. “By the way, Andy, that was very good thinking. If we can save time breaking the curse, I’m all for it.”
“Sir, if you will excuse me, I need to attend to the expewiment I have wunning up in the labowatory.”
“By all means,” said the King. Mermin excused himself and headed for the stairs.
As soon as he was gone, the King asked, “Andy, is something wrong?”
“Well…” he paused, not sure how to say what he had been feeling.
“What is it, Andy? Tell me,” the King encouraged, locking eyes with him.
“Well, sir…” Andy’s gaze moved to the floor. He hesitated another minute as the King waited anxiously. Finally he said, “You see, sir, I’ve never battled a real dragon, and the Forest of Giants, well…”
“Ah, I see. You’re afraid. That’s to be expected, but I have every confidence you’ll do well. After all, that message said you’ll be a leader here, so I wouldn’t be overly concerned. You’ll be fine. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have a few matters I need to attend to.”
His concerns not satisfactorily addressed, Andy decided to see what Mermin was working on as he mulled over his angst and headed up to the laboratory. 
“I believe I have it!” Mermin announced as Andy entered the lab. “All I need to do is a final test outside to make sure it works. I’m going down to the powch to test it.”
“Can I come?” queried Andy. 
“Please do. If this is as powerful as I think, it could completely change life in Oomaldee.”
Mermin threw a towel over a shiny dome that was the size of half a soccer ball and picked it up. As they headed toward the door, Andy saw the front of his mailbox open and a gold envelope sticking out.
“How long has this been here?” he asked as he picked it up.
“It must have just awwived. There was nothing in there eawlier.”
Similar to the last envelope, this one was addressed to him, but it had a different way of describing him: To Andy, Son of Smith, He Who Shall Overcome His Fear.
“I’m glad whoever wrote this letter has such confidence in me,” he said, smiling. There were two letters this time.
Andy read aloud the first one:

“The guide for true steps,
To make your path straight,
Lies in invention,
Of words that negate,
Fear, that is tempting,
To harm and misstate,
The control that you hold,
Beyond armor plate.”

The words reassured Andy, and he smiled.
“Sounds like whoever wote this knows you’ll do fine on this mission,” said the wizard. “What does the second letter say?”
Andy read:

“In your provisions make lie,
The key that seems golden.
But take not the tablet,
Lest enemies embolden.

The right path you’ll follow,
N’er alone on your quest,
To bring you a journey,
The end that is blessed.”

“Sounds like you need to bwing that gold key you found. How ‘bout that, a packing list for your twip!” Mermin chuckled.
Andy gave a weak smile. But it mentioned emboldening enemies. Great, we have enemies before we even start...
The Mermin and Andy headed down to the porch to test the wizard’s invention. 
“What’s it do?” Andy queried.
“It should wemove fog for long distances.”
“Really?”
Mermin nodded.
“That would be so much better than cow farts!”
“And more effective.”
“What are you calling it?”
“It will be called ‘A New Beginning.’”
They emerged onto the porch into very dense fog, more dense than Andy had yet seen. He could barely see the wizard standing three or four feet away. Mermin set down the bundle on the floor and pulled off the cover. Then he tipped it up, inserted a small metal sphere into the bottom, and set it back down. Andy watched and waited for something to happen.
“Give it a minute or two for the weaction to begin.”
Andy was just beginning to wonder why the King had such confidence in Mermin’s abilities when the wizard began to come more clearly into focus. A moment later Andy saw the porch railing appear.
“Mermin!” he exclaimed. “You’ve done it!”
A few minutes later, Andy could see the moat that surrounded the castle. And then he could start to see the faint outlines of the closest buildings in the city of Oops
“This is excellent, Mermin! Until this moment, I didn’t realize how gloomy the fog makes me feel. I think I understand why the King wants to break the curse so badly.”
“That is a small part of it, Andy,” the King interrupted, joining them. “Someone told me you two were out here. The fog has oppressed my people for hundreds of years. Most times we like to think that the harder we work, the further ahead we will be. Hard work, while required, is no guarantee of success. In this case, my people have labored harder but it has not helped. We have lost our technological advantage. We are behind our neighbors in innovation and are, therefore, vulnerable to their attacks.” 
The King paused and gave a heavy sigh. “My stupidity has caused irreparable harm to this kingdom. I just hope it does not cause our final demise. We must break the curse as soon as possible.” He then turned to look directly at Andy. “Andy, you had nothing to do with the curse being cast upon the land, but I believe you were sent to help break it. I’m counting on you to help us.”
“I know you are, sir. I’ll do my best.”

After lunch the next day, Andy headed up to Mermin’s library to retrieve the gold key as instructed by the letter. He knocked, but Mermin was not there. He walked over to the shelf where he had left the gold book, picked it up, and brought it over to the large table. Clearing away some of Mermin’s clutter, he set the book down and opened it. As before, the only page was blank for now. He opened the compartment where he had found the golden key. The key was still there, but now a metal object that looked like the hilt to a sword lay next to it. Andy turned it over. It was gold with four carvings. One carving was a bunch of clouds with puffed up cheeks that looked like they were blowing. Another was a giant wave. The third was a flaming ball of fire, and the last was a pile of rocks. While the detail was beautiful, Andy had no idea what the symbols might mean. Near the top two stones were set on either side, one pure white, the other pitch black. Andy picked it up and found it surprisingly light. He slashed down as if fighting an invisible enemy. Immediately a shiny blade grew out of the hilt! Andy nearly dropped it.
Whoa!
Andy assumed the stance he always did back home when playing his video game, Dragon Slayer. Pretending there was a red dragon attacking him, he prepared to fight. He jabbed and thrusted, jumped and bobbed all over Mermin’s library. His imaginary fight lasted a long time. The dragon was a tough imaginary opponent, but in the end, Andy plunged the sword into its heart and watched the beast collapse. Andy danced in victory, whooping and hollering.
Hearing a commotion as he was going by, the King stuck his head in the door of the library.
“Andy?”
“Oh, hi sir.”
“May I ask what you’re doing?”
“Just fighting a red dragon with my new sword!”
“May I see that, Andy?”
As soon as the King saw it, his eyes grew large and his mouth opened. He gasped.
“What’s wrong, sir?”
“Where did you get this?”
“Right here, in the gold book. I was getting the key to pack it for tomorrow, and I found the hilt next to it.”
The King handed the sword back to Andy and knelt before him on one knee.
“What are you doing, sir?”
“I am your humble servant, Andrew, Son of Smith.”
“What do you mean? What are you doing? Stop it! Get up!”
The King stood slowly. “Andy, this sword is named Methuselah. It is the sword that divides good and evil everywhere. That’s what the black and white stones on front and back, along with the carvings of the four elements—wind, water, fire, and earth—represent. Until now I thought it was only a legend. Many stories have been told about the battles it has fought to execute judgment and justice. Legend says it shows up only when there is a significant showdown about to happen. And it only appears to the one who has been judged worthy to wield it in victory.”
The King looked at Andy, “I’ve never seen or heard of it appearing in my lifetime. For it to show up now, and to you. I don’t know what we’re up against…” His voice trailed off.
“Please, don’t say any more. You’re scaring me, sir.” Not waiting to be dismissed, Andy grabbed the gold key, closed the book, put it back on the shelf, and headed for the door, sword in hand.
“Uh, you might want to...”
As soon as Andy thought about putting it away, the blade retracted back into the hilt. As before, it startled him and he nearly dropped it. He clutched the key and ran to his room, his heart galloping.
Sitting on his bed with the afternoon sun shining through the window, Andy tried to slow his racing thoughts. It was all so overwhelming. It had been fun to think of himself as “chosen” when that only meant he felt special. Now, however, he wasn’t sure. It sounded like a whole lot more than simply retrieving a red dragon scale was about to happen. The weight of it all pressed hard. He was scared. He felt alone. For the first time since he had arrived in Oomaldee, Andy missed his home, his parents, and (he couldn’t believe he was thinking this, but yes) even his big sister! He punched his pillow hard once, and then again and again and again. He stopped only when feathers began flying everywhere.
Why me? There’s no way I can do to this!
“You’re right, Andy! You can’t do this on your own. ” His inneru was speaking again. “You need help.”
As his inneru said this, a second amethyst-colored stone landed on his bed, barely missing his head.
“Hey, watch it! You almost hit me!” Andy groused. As soon as he had said it, he felt stupid for yelling at no one. Where do these things keep coming from? he wondered. As before, he picked it up and it started pulsing. Then he heard a trumpet blast.
“Methuselah has appeared to you, Andrew Ferrin Smithson. It is the sword of your forefathers. You will become known by it. It is time that evil is extinguished from the land. This will be accomplished by your hand.”
“My forefathers? What do you mean?” Andy interrupted. The message paused.
“Your ancestors are from Oomaldee.”
Really? Andy puzzled.
“It is not I who gives Methuselah, but One far greater. It is given and taken as the times require,” the message continued. “You have been appointed to wield it for such a time as this.”
But I’ll screw this up. I know I will, just like I did when I almost tore the castle down. Whatever kind of evil this message is talking about sounds really bad. There’s no way I can do this, even with this sword, Andy’s thoughts whined.
“Stop!” Andy’s inneru interrupted.
Andy sat up, startled.
The message continued, “Take courage. You do not yet see your own abilities because you have never been tested. You have never demonstrated to yourself or anyone else all that you can do. Put your fears aside and trust that you can succeed in the challenges that lie ahead.” Its message completed, the sphere disappeared, once again giving no indication who had sent it.
“This is not about you,” reminded the inneru.
I know…it’s about all the people in the land of Oomaldee. It’s about the King, Mermin, Alden, Marta, Hans, and everyone else.
“You don’t usually think about others first,” replied his inneru.
Maybe this is my chance to change that.
Chapter Eleven
Where’s Methuselah?

The next morning, dressed in his scratchy leggings and tunic, Andy exited his room and wobbled down the corridor under the weight of his backpack. He had stuffed it with provisions including a blanket, a rain poncho, two changes of clothes, matches, a compass, the gold key, the sword hilt of Methuselah, and more. As he passed a two-foot tall statue of a victorious knight, its foot pressing down on an enemy’s neck, the knight looked up and waved, “Fare thee well, lad!”
Andy did a double take. He’d passed this statue many times. It had never moved, let alone spoken. Shaking his head he wondered, Am I imagining things, or did that statue just talk to me?
Andy stopped and leaned down toward the little knight, his backpack making him list to the left.
“I’m Sir Lancelot,” the little man squeaked. To the captive under his foot he warned, “Clarence, stop squirming. Show some dignity, man. I’m trying to have a conversation here.” Then, turning his attention back to Andy, he said, “Sorry about that. These barbarians don’t have any manners.”
“Oh…ah…I’m Andy. Nice to meet you. How is it that you’re talking to me? You’re a statue. You’ve never talked to me before.”
“And you’ve never had the gold key with you before.”
“Gold key… Oh—really? The gold key makes you alive?”
“At your service.”
That’s totally awesome!
“Uh…carry on, Sir Lancelot,” Andy pronounced as he headed toward the stairs.
“I will, sir!” echoed the knight, clicking his heels together and saluting.
Now each statue he passed on his way down to breakfast greeted him. Wow! This is amazing.
Andy finally entered the dining hall. As soon as the King saw the overflowing pack, he started to laugh. “Andy, you’re only going for eight or nine days. Are you sure you need all that? You’re going to have to carry it all.”
“I know, sir, but I need everything,” he reasoned, taking his pack off and resting it against a nearby wall.
“I think he may pack lighter for the next twip,” whispered Mermin to the King, giving a wink.
“He will learn,” the King agreed.
Andy did not mention his experience with the castle artwork as he ate breakfast with them. He finished his cereal, excused himself, and joined Alden in the kitchen. Marta was just putting the last of the food she had prepared for their journey into a large backpack that held Alden’s supplies. She looked at Andy and gave a half smile.
“Oh Andy, you and Alden must be careful. I don’t know why the King is sending you on this trip, but it could be very dangerous.”
“Marta,” Andy said holding up his hands, “I understand your worry. We’ll be careful.” He gave her a big hug and a kiss. She was becoming like a mom to him. “Can you have some chocolate chip cookies ready for when we return?” he said with a half laugh, clearing the lump in his throat.
Alden said goodbye to his mom and put on his backpack. Despite its weight, Alden did not complain. They joined the King and Mermin in the dining hall. Andy grabbed his backpack and slung it back on. He felt the side pocket for the key and the sword hilt. They were right where he had packed them.
The four of them walked to the door of the castle and a servant engaged the gear to lower the drawbridge. Like yesterday, the fog was very thick, to the point that Andy could not see the end of the drawbridge once it had been lowered. Mermin handed Andy “A New Beginning,” which he had retrofitted to be worn like a hat. Andy put it on and buckled the chin strap.
“It’s really light,” he remarked.
In just a few minutes, the fog thinned and then cleared for a good distance.
“This is awesome! Thank you, Mermin!”
“My pleasure.”
When they were at last ready, the King looked Andy in the eye and said, “It is no accident that Methuselah has appeared. I have great confidence in you.”
“Thank you, sir.”
The King and Mermin gave Andy and Alden hugs, then the two boys headed out the door and across the drawbridge toward the city of Oops.

The path, while familiar, seemed strangely empty without the festival going on. They passed a farmer pushing a large wooden cart full of produce. The man looked at them strangely and continued on his way. The next pair of men they passed raised their eyebrows at seeing them. Andy overheard one of them comment about the sudden lightness of the fog.
“We’re probably quite a sight,” laughed Andy. “Between our overstuffed backpacks, this shiny silver bowl on my head, and—pardon me for saying, Alden—your neon green hair, we’re a piece of work!”
Alden laughed.
A bit farther down the path, they passed a young girl leading a cow by a rope halter. The cow seemed happy enough to walk with the girl, since she held an apple and used it to encourage the animal if it stopped. The girl recognized Andy from the festival and congratulated him on his heroic actions. Alden gave Andy a passing frown.
Soon they came upon a gaggle of women carrying baskets of clothes on their heads, all heading to do laundry in the Crystal River that flowed nearby. The ladies were cackling to each other like grackles and completely ignored the boys.
At one point a herd of goats nearly ran over Andy and Alden. A shepherd boy following struggled to manage them. It was clear who was boss, and it wasn’t the boy. He kept running back and forth to either side of the herd, yelling and waving his arms, trying to stop the animals from going into the trees that lined the path. The animals ignored him. One goat stopped right next to Alden, stood up on its hind legs, and tried to nibble the food it smelled in the top of his backpack. Alden quickly backed away and the shepherd boy ran over, apologizing profusely. Andy and Alden felt sorry for him, but they knew there was nothing to do to help the kid.
By lunchtime, the boys had reached the southernmost end of Goozy Bog. They found an old oak tree whose branches shaded more than half the road, removed their packs, and sat down to rest. 
“Mermin’s invention is working great!” Alden observed. “I’ve never seen it so clear.”
“Yeah,” Andy agreed. “I like being able to see where we’re going.” Andy took off his pack and the fog-clearing cap. “Oh, that’s better.”  He moved his arms in circles and stretched his sore back muscles. “What did your mom pack us for lunch?”
Alden rummaged in the top of his backpack. After emptying the various packages on the ground, he announced, “Fried chicken!” 
The boys bit into the savory meat with enthusiasm. When their hunger was finally satisfied, Andy wiped his greasy hands on some nearby grass and replaced the fog-clearing cap while Alden repacked their provisions. They picked up their backpacks and set off once more.
“My backpack feels heavier than it did this morning,” commented Andy.
“Yeah, mine too,” agreed Alden. “Maybe we shouldn’t have brought so much.”
They started down the path that wound around Goozy Bog. Alden knew there were patches of quicksand throughout the bog and did his best to steer them around those. While Andy had never experienced quicksand, he vividly remembered his nightmares after hearing Mermin’s stories about people dying after getting sucked in. They rounded a bend, and Andy saw bubbles rising from a particularly muddy part of the bog.
“What’s that?” he asked, pointing.
“I’m not sure,” Alden replied, “but I once heard that’s where a person got sucked under, only they’re still not dead. Those are their air bubbles.” 
A chill went up Andy’s spine. “I thought Mermin said if you get sucked under in quicksand, you die because you can’t breathe.”
“I don’t know, I’m just telling you what some folks say.”
“Well, if whoever is in there didn’t die, why doesn’t someone help them out?”
“Lots of people have tried, but they’ve never found anyone under there. He must be so far down no one can reach him. He’ll stay there forever.”
Andy’s eyes grew wide and he gulped. What a horrible way to live…or die…or whatever that person was doing. That can’t really be considered living, he thought.
They walked on for a bit and started seeing enormous trees off to their right. The trees were bigger than any Andy had seen, and he’d seen some big ones. He remembered the trip he and his family took to Sequoia National Forest. Now those were huge trees! One of them was so big, you could drive a car through the middle of it. But these trees were at least twice that size! And they grew so thick the boys couldn’t see far into the woods, even though it was midday and Mermin’s invention cleared away the fog.
“What is that?” Andy asked.
“That’s the Forest of Giants”
“Those trees are gigantic!”
“Remember what Mermin told us about the guy who got dragged in there and was never heard from again?”
“I remember,” shuddered Andy. “There sure is a lot of scary stuff out here. It was bad enough when Mermin was telling us about it, but now that we’re here…”
“You just have to know what can hurt you and stay away from it.”
“That’s easier said than done. I’m glad you’re here!”
They continued walking on the path. Before long, Andy had the strange feeling they were being watched. He glanced into the forest but, thankfully, didn’t see anything.
I’m just imagining things, he kept telling himself.
But as they continued walking, the feeling wouldn’t go away. Every time he thought he heard something in the trees, which was often, he glanced over to see…nothing. It was a creepy feeling.
“I feel like we’re being watched,” Andy confided at last.
“I’ve had that feeling too. Let’s just keep a watch out.”
The sun began casting late-afternoon shadows across Goozy Bog. After all the walking, the boys grew hungry and chose to stop and rest for a few minutes. Alden unpacked much of what was at the top of his pack, located bread and cheese and handed some to his companion.
Andy sat on the ground as he ate. He leaned against his pack which cushioned a large boulder by the side of the road. Unconcerned, he felt the side pocket for the gold key and the sword hilt. He found the key quickly, but he couldn’t feel the sword hilt. He popped the last bite of snack in his mouth as he turned to more closely examine his pack. He plunged his hand to the bottom of the pocket and felt around. Panic began rising as he quickly unpacked everything.
“What happened to it?” he worried aloud.
“What’s wrong?” 
“I can’t find Methuselah! It has to be here. It was there this morning before we left the castle, I felt it!” He pushed back the cap.
After a thorough search of his backpack, Andy had to accept that the sword was missing. He thought back to where they had been, trying desperately to determine where he might have lost it.
“Did you have it after we ate lunch?” Alden questioned at last. “Could it have fallen out of your backpack when you put it down?”
“I’m not sure. I don’t remember checking my pack for it after lunch. We have to find it!”
Andy and Alden quickly packed up their gear and began retracing their steps. With the sun getting lower in the sky, the Forest of Giants looked more threatening and Goozy Bog more ominous. They reached their lunchtime location just as the sun set. Andy knew the orange glow would be gone within a few minutes. The boys threw their packs down and Andy removed the fog-clearing cap.
“You look over there and I’ll look over here,” Andy instructed.
Several minutes of searching turned up nothing and Andy’s panic grew.
Alden interrupted the search and said, “It’s getting dark. You keep looking and I’ll find some wood and set up camp.”
Andy’s thoughts were racing. How could I be so stupid? Stupid, stupid, stupid! It has to be here! It just has to be!
In no time, Alden had their camp set up and a roaring fire built. Andy continued his search, stumbling in the dark over tree roots and rocks.
“Why don’t we pick up the search in the morning?” Alden suggested from his seat on a log next to the fire where he prepared dinner.
Andy refused. “I HAVE to find it tonight!”
A long while later Andy stumbled over a rotten log and fell to his knees. As he stood, he thought he saw something shining in the firelight not far away. He crept closer. Could it be? He had nearly reached it when he felt his footing slip, and he sunk down to his knees.
“Alden, help!” he yelled. “I think I’m stuck in quicksand!”
He struggled to escape and with every movement the muck pulled him closer to its hungry belly. Just then he heard a woman’s voice celebrating his misfortune…

“Wahoo!” she cheered, clapping enthusiastically.
“Imogenia, I can’t believe you did this! Stop it! Get him out this minute!” a man’s voice chided.
“What? I didn’t do anything. He did this to himself. He saved me the trouble. Ha, ha!” the lady cackled. Andy barely noticed in his panic.

Alden reached Andy just as his waist disappeared below the surface.
“Don’t move! The more you move, the faster you’ll sink!”
“What should I do?” Andy pleaded.
“Try floating on your back, you should stay up long enough for me to find a branch and pull you out.”
Andy moved as slowly as possible. He had taken swimming lessons a couple years ago at summer camp and while he wasn’t any good at most of the strokes they had tried to teach him, he had mastered the back float. But floating in water proved completely different than quicksand. No sooner had he laid back than thick sand started to ooze into his ears and cover his hair. All he could think about were the people who had suffocated. He glanced out of the corner of his eye, trying to locate Alden. He didn’t see him.
“Alden! Don’t leave me!” Andy screamed.
A minute later, Alden returned carrying a freshly cut branch about an inch in diameter. “I had to find one one that was strong enough to drag you to solid ground. There aren’t a lot of trees to choose from around here. Okay, I’m going to lay this over your arms. When you feel it, slowly raise them and grab hold. I’ll pull you out.”
Andy did as Alden instructed. As soon as he felt the leaves from the branch touch his chest, he slowly reached to grab hold. In the process, his head went completely under and muck went up his nose. He closed his eyes and opened his mouth to breath. Ooze immediately filled his mouth. He coughed and sputtered and nearly let go of the branch. It took everything he had to hold on.
“Don’t let go! You’re almost there!” Alden encouraged.
After several terrifying minutes, he felt Alden’s hands grab hold of his tunic and pull him to solid ground. He rolled over, coughing and wiping goop from his eyes.
“I thought I was going to be sucked under!” Andy gasped when he had spit out most of the muck from his mouth.
“I wasn’t going to let that happen,” Alden assured him.
Andy recovered after several minutes and walked over to rest near the fire. His clothes were completely soiled and he felt gross. The drying quicksand had a strange, unpleasant smell, like decaying fish. He did his best to wipe off as much as possible, but it proved useless. The quicksand stuck like superglue. He finally gave up and changed into clean clothes, discarding the dirty set in a heap near the fire. While he felt a little better, Andy knew it would be morning before he could find someplace to wash the filth out of his hair, off his face, and from between his toes and several other places.
“So much for retrieving Methuselah tonight,” Andy said as he ate the food Alden had prepared. “But at least I know where it is. We can get it tomorrow in the daylight.”
After they finished dinner, Andy turned to Alden. “Thanks for saving my life. I guess we’re even.”
“Yeah,” Alden replied, half laughing as he stared at the ground. 
Andy thought his response sounded a bit fake and it puzzled him, but he decided to let it go for now as he let out a big yawn.
“Let’s turn in, I’m beat,” Andy suggested. He lay down on his blankets and covered up against the chilly night air. His thoughts refused sleep admittance, however, as they returned to relive the nightmare of nearly being sucked under. When he finally pushed those thoughts aside, his brain decided to mull over the challenges that lay ahead – the forest of giants, evading detection at the watchtowers, battling a dragon. He felt his stomach tighten.
Andy’s inneru mercifully interrupted, “Remember when you used to be afraid of monsters under your bed at night?”
Andy remembered the terror he had felt so many nights when he was little.
“If you had to get out of bed when your room was dark, you used to stand on your pillow and take a running leap off your bed so the monsters couldn’t grab your legs and pull you under,” reminded his inneru.
Andy smiled, recalling those times.
“Remember when you told your sister how scared you were of monsters under your bed?” continued his inneru. “Ha, ha! She scared you good. She hid under there that night and jumped out when you got up to go pee after the lights were off!” 
That wasn’t funny. I wet myself!
“Oh come on, Andy, lighten up. It was too funny!”
Okay, maybe it was a little funny…
“So, when did you finally stop believing there were no monsters under your bed?”
I…um…I don’t know… thought Andy. He knew he was no longer afraid, but he had never thought about when that feeling had left him.
“From what I’m seeing in your head, it looks like you stopped being scared shortly after that talk with your grandpa when you were visiting him a few summers ago,” his inneru coaxed.
Andy’s mind recalled the conversation. His grandpa had said, “Being afraid is normal and keeps you alive many times. However, the minute you realize you’re afraid, you have a choice. Either you can allow your fear to control you, or you can choose to control it.” 
Yeah, I remember the night after he told me that. I woke up and had to go pee. I remember, I grabbed my toy sword and hopped off my bed. I stood there and challenged the monsters to come get me if they dared. I wasn’t going to wet the bed just because of them! None ever showed themselves. Come to think of it, I didn’t worry about monsters after that. Hmm…
 Well, if that’s true… then, for this situation… Okay, I admit it. I’m afraid. I’m afraid of the Forest of Giants and of battling that red dragon.
It felt strange to admit. Usually he tried to just ignore and bury his fear, hoping it would go away lest others think he was weak and pick on him.
But I have a choice. 
Andy considered for several minutes. I dared it when I was little, but I don’t really want to dare a dragon to fight me… The longer Andy thought about it, the more he realized admitting to and naming his fears gave him more control than he had before. While his fear did not go away, Andy felt he could at least cope and not be paralyzed. Sometimes my inneru is actually helpful. Thanks.
Minutes later, Andy’s regular breathing betrayed his escape to dreamland.

Andy and Alden awoke the next morning to the sound of bleating goats. One goat foraged in the top of Alden’s backpack.
“It’s eating our food!” yelled Alden, sitting up quickly.
Andy leapt from his blankets and charged the goat. The goat took one look at Andy’s spiky hair and bolted. Not only did Andy have a major case of bed head, but the dried quicksand made it look like he had multiple horns. The “herding challenged” boy they had met yesterday made his way over to them and once more apologized profusely. He also mentioned there was a public well in the village of Oohhh where Andy could wash up.
After the unwelcome visitors had left, Alden inventoried what remained of their provisions. The goat had eaten nearly half of their food. They would need to ration what was left.
Andy headed back over to where he had seen Methuselah in the dark. Ugh. Stupid. If only I’d waited for daylight… The hilt rested behind a patch of dense ferns right where he had set his backpack during their lunch stop the day before.
“I had no idea we were so close to quicksand,” he mumbled to himself.
He walked over and snatched it up, declaring, “Found it!” to Alden who stood several yards away.
They packed up their gear and put out the fire. Alden volunteered to wear “A New Beginning” and after buckling it, the boys headed toward the village of Oohhh. Andy couldn’t wait to get cleaned up. The sand between his toes started chafing, working like sandpaper and making his skin raw. Even after stopping a number of times to brush off the sand, every step became more and more painful. We can’t reach the village of Oohhh quickly enough! 
While the Forest of Giants still gave Andy the creeps as they passed, the pain in his feet gave him something else to focus on. Hunger stopped them before they could reach relief, however. The boys ate a quick meal and continued on, Andy checking to make sure he had both the gold key and Methuselah in his pouch before they set out.
Since passing the farthest limits of Goozy Bog and its quicksand, they passed only a handful of people before reaching the village of Oohhh mid-afternoon. The well the shepherd boy mentioned was not hard to find. The large stone structure stood in the middle of the town square. Multiple buckets, each with a long rope, hung from posts around its generous circumference. Several women had gathered to fill water jugs as well as to get their fill of town gossip.
While Andy would normally have been modest, his body was so sore from the chafing sand that he stripped down to the bare essentials in front of everyone. Alden sat down nearby, removed the fog-clearing cap and waited. The villagers stopped their conversations and stared at the two strangers. Andy drew water, overhearing mutterings about Cartesians as he started washing.
“Got stuck in quicksand, boy?” one woman remarked. “You’re lucky to be alive!” Several others made similar comments and more snide remarks about Cartesians.
Andy ignored. He hoped Alden turned a deaf ear as well. All he knew was he was beginning to feel better with the grime being washed away. He doused his face and then his hair—Ugh, my hair is gross. It took a long time to get the worst of it out, but finally Andy finger-combed his hair into submission getting it to lay flat on his head instead of sticking up all over like he’d inserted his finger into a light socket. He grabbed his backpack, headed behind a nearby building and changed into fresh clothes. He moved the key and Methuselah to the pouch around his neck. I’m not taking any more chances!
He reemerged to hear a woman commenting to Alden, “Didn’t you win the Tower Chase competition at the festival? I recognize your bright green hair.”
“Yes, I did,” Alden replied smiling.
“Then your friend must be the one who saved you,” continued the woman, pointing at Andy.
“Yes, that was me, ma’am,” replied Andy, puffing out his chest.
At this, the woman shouted, “Hey, this kid is the one who saved his friend from the poison dart at the festival!”
A host of villagers immediately surrounded Andy and Alden, praising Andy for his heroic actions.
“You must be relieved that your friend saved you,” one villager gushed to Alden.
“Yeah…I’m relieved,” Alden smiled begrudgingly.
A round, silvery-haired woman who was part of the crowd, stepped forward. “I’m Bee, the innkeeper’s wife. You must join me and my husband for dinner tonight, to celebrate.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” replied Andy. “We’d like that.”
He glanced over at Alden and saw a frown quickly pass over his friend’s face.
“What’s the matter?” Andy asked as they followed Bee.
“It’s not important,” was Alden’s only reply.
Andy wanted to press him more, but the moment was not right.
Bee hustled them homeward. In fact, she was in such a hurry that for a brief moment the thought “What’s the rush?” tickled Andy’s mind. He checked the pouch around his neck for the key and Methuselah. They were both there, but it almost felt like Methuselah was warm, warmer than usual at least. That’s weird, he thought. No, I’m just imagining things.

Chapter Twelve
Trapped!

VILLAGE BED AND BREAKFAST, read a crooked sign hanging from the peeling white picket fence surrounding the cramped front yard of the inn. Several slats lay on the ground. The grass covering the front yard was overgrown and patchy with weeds. It looked like it hadn’t been mowed in a very long time. As they followed Bee up two rotting steps onto the front porch, Andy noticed the painted siding of the inn was also peeling. 
“Looks like they don’t get many customers,” Alden whispered as they walked in the front door. Alarm bells sounded in Andy’s head and he tensed. 
A burly man stood in the parlor as they entered. He wore a stained plaid shirt that hung untucked, and his pants looked like “floods.” 
“I’m Belzy. What brings you two up to these parts?” the man asked, seemingly annoyed.
“We’re on official business for King Hercalon,” replied Andy.
“I see… They get younger and younger,” he muttered under his breath. “Well, come on. I’ll show you to your room.”
Belzy led them down a narrow hall with yellowed, peeling wallpaper. They passed rooms one, two, and three before stopping outside an unmarked door. He unlocked it and led them in. A small common area had been furnished with a threadbare sofa and chair, and a separate bedroom was just big enough for two lumpy cots, one against each wall. There was no window, and the darkness and warmth along with the musty smell, made the room feel claustrophobic. Belzy instructed the boys to leave their things in the common room, then led them further down the hall to the shared guest bathroom.
“Wash up,” he huffed. “Dinner will be ready in a few minutes.”
Andy and Alden thanked him and headed back toward their room. On the way, they saw a maid wearing a white apron over a canary-yellow dress and with a white cap covering her hair. As soon as they saw her they froze. The woman was short, with a beak-like nose and long arms that nearly touched the floor. Andy and Alden shot a glance at each other, trying not to be obvious. The maid looked up as she passed and gave a half-smile. They smiled back.
As soon as they had closed the door to their room, Alden, in a hushed tone, said, “Abaddon’s going to know we’re here and on a mission for the King!”
“Dinner’s ready. Join us in the dining room,” Bee called down the hallway.
“We’ll have to figure this out after dinner.” 
They arrived in the cramped room to find they were the only guests dining with Belzy and Bee tonight. A small table had been set for four. The silverware was tarnished. Bone china plates, which had once been painted with the sun and moon walking hand-in-hand through a meadow, were chipped and missing large parts of the scene. The picture reminded Andy of carvings he had seen on furniture at the castle from before the curse. 
The maid—her name was Miss Chairee—had prepared dinner. After everyone was seated, she brought out mashed potatoes and turkey, cranberry sauce, green beans, rolls, and more. It looked like Thanksgiving dinner. The boys had not eaten since their early lunch and were famished. Everything smelled so good!
Andy took a huge helping of mashed potatoes and turkey and started devouring them. Alden did the same. With each bite, Andy relaxed and even started to feel sleepy from all the activity of the day. He noticed Belzy and Bee share glances periodically. The couple only nibbled at the meal but Andy did not think much of it. By the end of dinner, both he and Alden were more contented than they had been in a long time. Andy yawned and the thought wobbled through his brain, Why do I feel this sleepy? Just before they dozed off, Belzy and Bee helped them up from the table and led them to the lumpy cots in their room.
“Sleep well,” Belzy said sweetly.
That’s weird, flitted through Andy’s mind. 
Even in his very sleepy state, he felt the pouch for Methuselah and the key. They were still there. Andy vaguely heard the door close and the lock turn before he drifted off.
It must have been a few hours later when Andy woke with a start. He thought he’d heard someone screaming at him to wake up. He felt groggy. Had it been a dream or was it real? He woke Alden.
They both stretched and yawned.
Andy stood and reached over Alden, who was hunting for his shoes in the dark. He grabbed hold of the doorknob and turned. Locked. Andy tried again. It didn’t budge
“We have a problem, Alden. The door won’t open. I’m not sure if it’s not working because it’s broken like everything else, or whether they locked us in on purpose. ”
Alden stopped looking for his shoes and sat up between the cots. “Want me to try?”
“Be my guest.”
Alden tried several times without success.
Without windows it was impossible to tell what time it was. After waiting for quite a while, they pounded on the door and yelled for help. No answer came. They tried again a several minutes later. Nothing.
Andy started feeling around the walls and ceiling for an opening. Alden followed suit. Nothing.
“This room is sealed tight. We’re not going anywhere,” concluded Andy.
“What do we do now?”
“I don’t know.”
Hours passed and their stomachs started complaining. The stuffiness further intensified their discomfort.
“We have to do something. We can’t just sit here,” declared Alden.
Alden tried pounding on the door and yelling for help again, but no help came.
“I’m starving,” he whined.
“Me too, but whining about it isn’t going to fix the problem!”
“I’m not whining…”
“Yes, you are!”
“No, I’m not!”
“Yes. You. Are.”
Andy gave Alden a shove to press his point. Alden shoved back. Shoving quickly escalated into punching and an all-out brawl ensued.
“You got us into this mess! You suck up to anyone who congratulates you on saving my life. Bee praised you in front of all those people. Now look where we are!” accused Alden, pushing Andy into the wall.
“What do you mean? I didn’t hear you objecting to the dinner invitation,” shot back Andy, giving Alden a jab to the chin.
“You love all that praise. I’ve watched you!” shouted Alden, landing a fist to Andy’s back.
“What are you talking about?”
“Since the governor brought you up on stage at the festival, you get all proud every time people congratulate you!” huffed Alden, landing a blow to Andy’s ribs.
“So what! I am proud of what I did! I saved your life! You should be thankful!” Andy shoved Alden back against another wall. “You’re just jealous!”
“I’m not jealous!” shouted Alden, catching Andy in the knee.
“Yes, you are! Why else would you be fighting me?”
“What’s it matter? We’re never getting out of here!”
Alden hit Andy’s chest, catching his fist on Methuselah.
“Ouch!” Andy yelped rubbing his chest under the pouch.
“What was that?” asked Alden.
 “Methuselah.”
Andy stopped scuffling and pulled the hilt from his pouch. Immediately the blade extended to its full length, but it did more than that. The blade began glowing brightly. Andy could see Alden sitting on the adjacent cot, eyes wide.
“Awesome! I didn’t expect that!” Andy exclaimed examining the blade more closely.
“Can I see it?”
“Sure, if you stop hitting me.”
Alden nodded, frowning.
As his friend investigated the blade’s light generating capabilities, Andy remembered the gold key and pulled it out as well. “I wonder…” he pondered.
He scooted down his cot toward the locked door. 
“Can you bring the light closer?”
Andy held the key up to the lock. 
“It’s too big,” Alden pronounced.
Ignoring the comment, Andy tried to insert the key into the lock. As he pressed, it gave way and shrank to fit. 
Alden’s mouth gaped open.
Andy pushed the key in as far as it would go.
“Cross your fingers,” he instructed Alden.
Not familiar with the expression, Alden put on a puzzled expression and, still holding Methuselah, he extended both index fingers and crossed them.
Andy looked over. “Nevermind. It’s just an expression,” he laughed.
He slowly turned the key and… Click!
“It worked!” Alden exclaimed, studying his crossed fingers.
Andy smiled as he removed the key from the lock and returned it to the pouch around his neck, tucking it back into his tunic. Alden handed Methuselah back to Andy who opened the door slowly. The common room was gray with the dawn’s first light and its coolness felt refreshing. They quietly crept over to their backpacks, still leaning against the wall where they had left them. Empty. The contents had been taken along with the fog-removing cap. Alden rubbed his empty stomach.
“Let’s get out of here,” Andy whispered.
Alden paused. “Hey, sorry for what I said. You were right. I think I am jealous.”
“It’s okay. I forgive you,” replied Andy, patting Alden on the shoulder.
They opened the squeaky door to their room and stepped into the hall. Alden stopped to close it behind them as quietly as possible. They crept down the corridor. Halfway along, Alden stepped on a loose floorboard. It creaked. Andy shot him a look of alarm. 
“Sorry,” he mouthed.
They were almost to the front door when they heard the maid moving about in the kitchen. They needed to move past the hallway leading to the kitchen without being seen. Andy peered around the corner. The maid was standing at the stove with her back to them. They quickly crossed the hallway but stopped abruptly when they heard Belzy coming down the hall behind them!
Andy and Alden glanced at each other. Andy pointed toward the front door, and they made a run for it. Andy prayed it was not locked. He turned the handle quickly and out they flew across the front porch, down the steps, and past the peeling white picket fence. They heard Belzy lumbering after them yelling, “Stop thieves! Stop thieves!”
Andy glanced back as they ran. Belzy stood on the front porch waving his fists at them, his arms now grown abnormally long. The maid had joined him and was also yelling. She turned quickly and nearly hit Belzy’s now beak-shaped nose with a kitchen spatula.
Winded, they slowed to a walk, but rest was not to be, for Alden pointed upward and yelled, “Look!”
They no longer had the benefit of Mermin’s fog clearing invention and through the thick fog, they could barely make out the forms of several large black birds circling overhead, and they were getting closer!
Andy and Alden ducked under the branches of some nearby shade trees, hoping to draw their attackers off. They charged back the way they had come since entering the village of Oohhh, keeping to the cover of the trees as much as possible. Unfortunately, there were not many trees under which to hide. Andy was sure the birds had seen them and would attack any minute. When at last they made it back to the well, it was only to find a group of men with long arms and beak-shaped noses waiting for them and carrying all manner of weapons.
One look at the group and the boys continued sprinting. There was no place to hide! Just when they felt they could run no farther, their sides stabbing with every step, the Forest of Giants came into view. The vulture-men closed in.
Without stopping, Andy charged into the forest. Alden hesitated only a moment before plunging in behind him.
Chapter Thirteen
King Abaddon

The pursuers gave up the chase as soon as the boys took refuge in the Forest of Giants. This was both a relief and a concern, for they knew why the villagers had let them go. Andy and Alden stopped to catch their breath.
The edges of the forest were light with the morning sun, and even though no fog could penetrate the thick foliage, the dense canopy made it very dark and hard to see past a few steps. Andy held Methuselah up to light their way.
The forest was eerily quiet and smelled musty, like wet towels after they have been sitting in a heap for several days (not that Andy would know anything about that). Dry, fallen leaves crunched under their feet as they stumbled through the dense underbrush. Alden’s stomach gave a loud rumble.
“Sorry…” he whispered as Andy glanced at him.
“We need to find food,” declared Andy. “What plants are safe to eat?”
The plants in the Forest of Giants looked unfamiliar to Alden. They were much larger and more brightly colored than anything he had seen.
At that moment, they stumbled into a huge blackberry bush. Its prickers smarted as they extricated themselves from its clutches. The leaves were the size of Frisbees with berries as big as softballs.
“Wow!” the two breathed in unison clearing away.
Andy retracted Methuselah’s blade and tucked the hilt safely in the pouch that hung around his neck. He reached up to pick a huge berry, but Alden stopped him. “I don’t know if the berries are safe to eat.”
“Well, I’m not waiting. I’m starving!” At this, Andy reached up, grabbed a blackberry from the branch in front of him, and quickly took a bite. It was delicious! He took another bite and another.
Alden’s stomach gave another loud rumble. He reached up and started wrestling a giant berry loose. As Andy took another mammoth bite of berry, he watched a tentacle wrap around Alden’s foot. The blackberry bush was alive! It wrapped tentacles around his arms and began dragging him. Alden was dragged along as well, deeper and deeper into the forest.
After a few yards, the blackberry bush tossed the boys at another thorn-covered bush, which in turn threw them to a pricker-covered bush. These handoffs continued for what seemed like an eternity. Sometimes they were thrown at a tree or shrub without prickers, but most times the barbs of the vegetation dug deep into their skin. Within minutes, almost every inch of their bodies was scratched or bleeding.
Just when Andy thought he could stand it no longer, a tree whose leaves looked like those of poison ivy threw them into a clearing where three giants were playing cards at a huge wooden picnic table. One giant looked up from his hand of cards and smiled.
“Hey Hank, looks like our breakfast just dropped in.”
“Yeah, Zank, looks like nice tasty morsels. But there’s not much meat on them,” he chuckled with a dumb-sounding laugh. He reached down and scratched his butt through ragged leggings.
“Hey Tank, take our breakfast to Blank to prepare,” ordered Zank. At this, the larger of the giants stood up, knocking his stool over. He lumbered over to Andy and Alden and picked them up by the scruff of their necks. The boys grabbed at the tops of their tunics, trying desperately to raise their necks above the strangling fabric and gasping for breath.
Tank lugged them kicking toward an enormous wood structure, through an open door and into a large kitchen where a female giant labored over an immense hearth. She wore a white apron over a yellow and green plaid dress. Her white bonnet looked like a large muffin perched atop her round head. The fire was roaring. Blank looked up and frowned. “Breakfast is ready, Tank. I’ll cook ‘em up for lunch later. Hang them over there for now.”
Tank dutifully obeyed and suspended Andy and Alden on hooks, by the backs of their tunics near an open window before heading back to his card game. The boys continued struggling for air as the fabric cut into their necks. Blank finished preparing breakfast, rang a loud bell, and moved her provisions outside to the picnic table. As soon as Blank disappeared, Andy gasped, “Put…your arms…up…and drop.”
The two landed on the floor with a thud. The pouch around Andy’s neck swung and smacked him in the head as he landed. “Oh,” he moaned rubbing the point of impact. They rubbed their necks, drinking in great gulps of air.
“That was close,” croaked Alden at last, gently scratching his arm where the poison ivy had touched him. Andy started to scratch as well.
Studying the scene, they watched several more giants emerge from the cabins - there were old grandpa giants walking with the help of canes and baby giants sucking on their fingers, teenage giants talking back to the adults and middle age giants looking dumpy and slow – Alden counted 64 in all.
 “Come on. Let’s get out of here while they’re eating,” whispered Andy. The door to the kitchen stood directly in line with the gathering of giants. They inched toward the opening, taking care not to be seen.
Alden spied a pot of porridge simmering on the hearth and his stomach gave a loud grumble.
“Psst! Andy,” he whispered, pointing.
While it was about the worst thing either of them had ever tasted – Wallpaper paste? Andy wondered - it filled their hungry bellies. Several minutes later, Andy peered out the doorway to make sure all the giants were still eating. The coast was clear. They darted out the door and around to the side of the cabin. They waited in nervous anticipation for the sound of giant footsteps in pursuit, but none came.
Even though their bodies ached from the beating of the vegetation they had received, Alden gave Andy a thumbs-up and a big smile. Both boys were bleeding from various wounds and itching from poison ivy. Their necks burned where their tunics had cut into their skin, and they both started shivering from the chilly air on their bare skin as they crouched in the thick, damp underbrush.
“If we don’t pick any fruit, I think we’ll get out of the forest without further problems,” Andy whispered.
They crept along in the dim light, occasionally bumping into trees and bushes, but nothing grabbed them. The thick undergrowth was disorienting. After wandering for a long time, neither knew which way they were going. At times they walked in circles, but always, the chill air made it uncomfortable.
Around lunchtime, teeth chattering, Andy and Alden stopped to rest.
“Now I understand why there’s a legend that says anyone who enters the Forest of Giants is never seen or heard from again,” said Alden, taking off a sandal and shaking the stones out. “I wish we knew which way to go to get out.”
Andy opened the pouch that was hanging around his neck and pulled out Methuselah. Quick as lightning, the blade extended from the hilt. Andy held it up straight, but the blade instantly tipped to the side. He corrected it, straightening its position, but again it tipped to the side.
“That’s weird,” Alden remarked.
“I think it’s trying to point us out of the forest,” said Andy. “Come on.”
Andy held Methuselah in front of him with both hands, like a water dowser he had seen on a TV documentary. They followed wherever the tip of the sword directed, eventually stumbling upon a clearing with a quaint little cottage. They crouched in the undergrowth and peered out, staying well hidden, to see if anyone came in or out. The house had a small, well-maintained garden with abundant tomatoes, cucumbers, beans, peas, vegetables of all varieties.
After waiting several minutes, a hunched old lady came out the back door with a wicker basket over her arm and a pair of shears in her hand. She wore a freshly pressed bright blue apron over a crisp yellow dress. Her gray hair was neatly done up in a bun, and silver-rimmed glasses perched halfway down her nose. She headed to the garden and snipped some tomatoes and beans, putting them into her basket. Then she added a few peas to the mix and pulled a few weeds. But instead of returning to the house, she walked straight toward where the boys hid, stopping just feet in front of them. “You’ll have to do better than that to hide from Anta Emm,” she declared. “Come inside and let me get you both fixed up and cook you a proper meal. Heavens, you’ll catch cold if you don’t get some proper clothes on.”
Andy and Alden stared at each other. That name sounds familiar, Andy thought. Where? They slowly emerged from the underbrush and looked about nervously, half expecting to be ambushed by some unseen menace. Andy held Methuselah protectively, just in case.
“You can put that sword away, sonny. Won’t be needing it here.” The lady turned and walked back toward the house.
Andy continued to clutch Methuselah and look around warily as they followed.
They walked in the back door of the tiny cottage and were greeted by the smell of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies.
“I was told to be expecting you,” Anta explained, putting her basket on the kitchen counter.
The cottage seemed unusually spacious inside. It was neatly decorated with keepsakes and family pictures, the walls were freshly painted, and everything smelled clean. After all they had been through, this seemed like a welcome retreat, but Andy remained nervous. They had been deceived before, and he wasn’t about to let his guard down. He glanced at Alden who seemed to be thinking the same thing.
They moved cautiously but politely.
Anta took to cleaning their wounds in silence. She washed every scrape, applied cream to the poison ivy so it stopped itching, and bandaged anything that was bleeding. Then she rooted around in a closet and found two tunics. They fit perfectly. Within minutes of donning them, both the boys had warmed significantly and began to relax.
When she had finally finished, Anta announced, “I have chicken and dumplings prepared. I understand that’s your favorite dish, Andy. Please join me.”
Alden glanced quickly at Andy, surprised.
They sat down at a table loaded with fresh watermelon, sliced tomatoes, freshly baked biscuits, chicken and dumplings, cinnamon rolls, and more favorites. At first Andy and Alden picked at the food, unsure whether they should trust it. But in the end, hunger overcame their hesistation and they wolfed down huge helpings of everything.
When at last they finished gorging, Andy pushed back from the table and said, “That was delicious! Thank you!”
“You’re welcome, boys.”
“May I ask, what did you mean when you said that you had been told to expect us?”
Anta smiled. “Years ago, when I felt the prompting to leave my comfortable life in the city of Oops and move into the Forest of Giants, people called me crazy. But I knew that’s what I was supposed to do.”
Andy interrupted absentmindedly, saying, “That’s it! I remember Mermin talking about you! That’s where I’ve heard your name before.”
Anta Emm smiled warmly and continued. “Since I’ve lived here, even though it seems like the last place anyone would want to live, I have had great prosperity. I’ve never understood why. But then, a few nights ago, I had another prompting, that a pair of boys would be coming. I did not argue or doubt, but prepared for your visit the best I could. And here you are!”
At hearing this, both Andy and Alden relaxed.
“When you said you had a prompting, what happened exactly?” asked Andy.
“Oh, I received a sphere message.”
“ I’m familiar with those. Was it purple and did it start with a trumpet blast?” laughed Andy.
“As a matter of fact, it did,” responded Anta Emm. “How did you know?”
“Lucky guess,” replied Andy, smiling.
The three of them chatted for a long while, swapping stories and laughing until their sides ached. Andy and Alden helped clear the table and put away the leftovers while Anta washed the dishes. When the work was done, she ushered them down a cheery hallway to a bedroom that smelled clean and fresh. There were two twin beds lining opposite walls of the modestly furnished room, and a vase of freshly cut wildflowers stood on the nightstand before an open window. They washed up in the adjacent bathroom - the soft, warm towels smelled like sunshine. Andy was the first in bed and Alden followed shortly thereafter. The sheets soothed his injured skin. They opted to leave the door to the hall ajar…just in case.
Dreams came quickly.

Andy was awakened by warm sunshine streaming through the window onto his face. It felt good. Alden still slept. He glanced over to see the door to the hall cracked open, exactly as they had left it the night before, and smiled.
He slipped out of bed and dressed quietly. Andy had tiptoed partway down the hall when his nose detected baking blueberry muffins, so he tracked the delicious smell into the kitchen. Next to the table, he found two new backpacks standing at attention, filled to the top with clothes and food.
“I knew you’d be needing them,” Anta said as she entered the kitchen behind him.
“Thank you!”
Once Alden rose, they ate breakfast, packed up their gear, and said their goodbyes. After being without provisions, the weight of their backpacks felt comforting.
“I’m not sure where you’re going, boys, but be careful. If you need anything, just let me know.”
“We will, Anta. Thank you for everything.”
When they were several minutes away, Andy pulled out Methuselah. The blade extended and guided them as it had yesterday. Andy hoped it would lead them out of the Forest of Giants.
They had awakened to warm sunshine at Anta’s cottage, but the weather changed as they walked. The forest grew darker and they could hear thunder rumbling through the leaves overhead. Rain began to fall. For the first time, Andy and Alden were glad they had the thick canopy to keep most of the moisture away.
Hearty food coupled with a good night’s rest had renewed Andy’s hopes. He was in a good mood and started to whistle.
“Do you think it’s a good idea to whistle?” Alden questioned a second later.
“You’re right. I’m just happy!”
No sooner had he said that, than a loud roar sounded through the trees. It wasn’t thunder. They froze and waited. The roar came again. Methuselah pointed them toward the source.
“No, Methuselah,” Andy corrected. “We need to get out of here.” He willed Methuselah to retract its blade, but it ignored. So he started walking away from the sound. Still, Methuselah remained steadfast, refusing to move in any other direction.
“I can’t believe this! We’re being dictated to by my sword.”
“No, Andy, we’re being guided by it.”
At times Alden can be really annoying and inconvenient. Like when he’s right, thought Andy begrudgingly.
“Oh, okay…”
They followed Methuselah as quietly as they could. The roars grew louder. As they got closer, it became clear that they overheared an argument, even though neither of them understood the language. Several heated voices yelled and the roaring continued. Methuselah stopped and they took cover behind the nearest trees.
Peering through the leaves, they spied a beast, the likes of which they had never seen, standing in the clearing several feet in front of them. It was a monstrous red dragon with seven heads, ten horns, four enormous wings, and a gigantic tail that mowed down everything in its way no matter how big. A huge swath of trees and vegetation had been leveled in its wake. A liquid that looked like water spurted from some of its mouths, but when the clear liquid landed on its target, it sizzled and bubbled. A bright green mist spilled out of other mouths, and fire out of still others. 
Alden looked at Andy, his eyes wide. “What is that?” he hissed.
“That can’t be water,” whispered Andy.
“Yeah, I hope we don’t get hit!”
Andy could not immediately tell which mouths spewed what, but the green mist looked familiar from his exploration of the castle and the dungeon door. When a whiff of the stench hit their noses a minute later, Andy knew without a doubt it was the same.
The dragon was furious, arguing with several giant-sized vulture men. Not far from the gathering, Andy saw the fog-removing invention Mermin had given them!
The arguing continued in the unfamiliar tongue.
Andy gulped. Please don’t make me battle this dragon, he pleaded.
They stood watching for several more minutes until, at last, Methuselah guided them away from the creatures. They left as quickly and quietly as possible.
Whew! Andy thought, but he had a sinking feeling this was not the last time he would be seeing the creature. A chill ran down his spine.
Chapter Fourteen
A Raging River

Methuselah led them to the edge of the Forest of Giants by lunchtime. They stopped and ate some of the delicious food Anta had packed. Rain continued to fall, more heavily than it had earlier. While walking in the rain was inevitable, the boys weren’t looking forward to getting drenched.
After lunch, they rummaged through their backpacks and found Anta had remembered rain ponchos. Slipping them on over their packs, Andy started to laugh. Alden looked like an overgrown mutant turtle in his evergreen getup, topped off by his bushy, neon-green hair. He broke out laughing, too, once Andy had secured his own poncho.
They put their hoods up and ventured into the rain and dense fog, Methuselah leading the way.
Their feet became instantly soaked as they trudged through huge puddles. Having left the cover of the forest behind, it was difficult to stay hidden, but they quickly found the Great Wall that surrounded the land of Oomaldee and followed it. They walked in silence, Andy hoping that between the downpour and the fog no one would see them. 
A few hours passed before they could start to make out the Victory watchtower in the distance through the rain and fog. Even though they had ponchos, the boys were soaked to the skin as heavy rain continued to fall with no sign of letting up. 
As the scant daylight began to fade, Alden suggested, “We need to find a dry place, out of sight, to camp for the night.” 
Andy nodded in agreement.
The flat, open plain they had been walking through this afternoon did not provide much shelter, but a short way off they spotted the outline of a large willow tree, its flowing branches tossing violently in the wind and rain.
“What do you think? Can we stay up there?” Andy questioned.
“Let’s check it out.”
The tree’s massive branches were so thick, they reminded Andy of drainage pipes he had seen near his home - clearly, the tree had been standing here for many, many years. Andy and Alden reached the willow and circled its base looking for footing to climb up. Halfway around, Andy found boards secured to the trunk that formed a ladder. He hesitated.
I hope no one else is taking refuge in this tree tonight.
He began his ascent. It wasn’t the easiest climb with a bulky backpack weighing him down and the wood slats slippery, but he made it. He stopped twenty feet up, standing on the lowest branch of the enormous tree.
“Come on up,” he called down. “There’s a little dry place up here.”
Alden followed. Andy had found a semidry area protected by dense branches and leaves that afforded some protection from the pelting rain. Upon further investigation, and to his surprise, he found another set of stairs leading higher up the trunk.
“Alden, look!”
Andy continued climbing another fifteen feet and found a round opening hollowed out in the trunk. It looked just big enough for them to squeeze through if they removed their backpacks.
Andy stuck his head into the hole and illuminated it with Methuselah’s blade. Empty. He removed his poncho and backpack, hung them from one of the steps, and squeezed through the opening. He stuck his head back out and pulled his belongings inside. Alden followed.
The space was cozy with both of them inside. More importantly, it was dry. There was nothing special about the space, no decorations or comforts, but in this weather it was more than enough. It seemed someone or something had taken great care to carve out this sanctuary while not harming the tree. Whoever it was deserved much thanks.
With scant room to move, Andy and Alden took turns opening their backpacks to pull out food and other provisions. After eating a quick dinner, but with nothing else to amuse, they decided to go to sleep early. The songs of pelting rain and fierce winds sang the boys to sleep.
Andy dreamed of walking in rocky, mountainous terrain. Brambles and thorn bushes, which could barely survive in the dry, desert conditions, jutted out from crevasses. It was dusk and he heard the baying of wolves in the distance.
As he passed by a rock outcropping, he heard the noise of shouting in a language he did not understand. Someone or something was yelling at him. He turned slowly. Before him, the red dragon he had seen earlier reared up on its hind legs, blasting fire at him from two of its seven heads. The wings fanned it hotter.
Andy jumped out of the way, barely avoiding the blasts. He drew Methuselah’s blade, infuriating the beast even more. The dragon flew at him. It was faster than he expected. Just as he was about to be overcome, Andy woke up sweating and trembling. Darkness reigned and rain continued beating the tree. He heard Alden’s regular breathing and sighed. Sleep took its time coming after that.

Andy and Alden awoke to foggy sunshine and the sound of birds singing in the tree. What a different world morning brought! Andy didn’t mention his dream to Alden. They ate breakfast, packed up their gear, and headed out of their hideaway. As they started climbing down, the boys paused to survey their surroundings. Through the dense branches and fog, they could see and hear a nearby river running in torrents, its banks overflowing. The uproar of the storm had masked its presence.
“This must be the Red River,” Alden speculated.
They stepped down onto the ground and their sandals immediately sank into the gooey mud. It oozed through their leggings, between their toes, and sucked at their feet, laboring each step.
“At least it’s not quicksand!” Andy commented.
With the river as swollen as it was, they walked up and down the bank hoping to find some low point to cross, but without success.
“Now what?” asked Alden after several minutes of searching.
Andy sat down on the thick trunk of a tree that had been uprooted and swept downstream overnight and was now lodged firmly in the bank. He set down his backpack and pulled the gold key from the pouch around his neck.
“When we were trapped in that house, this key opened the door.”
“But there’s no door,” replied Alden.
“Yes, but this key may open more than doors. Maybe it will show us a way across the river. What have we got to lose?”
Andy addressed the key: “Please, show us the way.” No sooner had he spoken than a creature popped its head out of the raging water.
“Glaucin, cousin of Mermin, twice removed, at your service.”
A merman! He was handsome, bare-chested from the waist up with fish-like aqua scales from the waist down. He had a robust tail that changed colors like a rainbow in the light. His hair and beard looked to be made of seaweed.
Alden shot a disbelieving glance at Andy.
“Where’s your trident?” asked Alden. “I’ve only seen mermen with a trident that looks like a pitchfork.”
“New technology. I upgraded last year to a disc implanted under the skin in my right hand.” Glaucin turned his hand toward Andy and Alden to inspect. “I don’t miss having to carry that clumsy thing. Kept dropping it…”
Andy cleared his throat, trying to bring the conversation back to the current situation. “We need to cross this river, Glaucin. Can you help us?” he asked hopefully.
“I can, but first you must answer a riddle. If you answer correctly, I will carry you across. If you answer incorrectly, I cannot help you.”
“Why do we need to answer a riddle?” Andy questioned, frustrated at this delay.
“I am the keeper of this river. The riddle separates those who are worthy from those who are not. If you are worthy, you will answer correctly.”
“But we are on a quest for the King!” objected Alden.
“Then you should have no worries about answering the riddle. Are you ready?”
“If you’re really Mermin’s cousin—” began Andy.
“Twice removed,” interrupted Glaucin, raising his left hand with his index finger extended.
“Fine. If you’re really Mermin’s cousin, twice removed, why won’t you just help us?”
“I am helping you in ways you cannot yet see.”
“I don’t believe you. All I know is that you’re delaying us from our goal,” Andy snapped.
“Ah, a testy one!” Glaucin replied, smiling. “Nonetheless, it matters not whether you believe me. You have no choice.”
“So, you’re saying if we don’t answer your riddle correctly, we’ll have to walk all the way to where the Red River begins, way up into the mountains, in order to get around it?” clarified Andy, his temper rising. “That would add several days to our trip!”
“That is correct.”
“Fine! Ask your stupid riddle,” Andy sulked. 
“Very well. The riddle is this:

“If you break me, I keep working.
If you touch me, I may be moved.
If you lose me, nothing will matter.
What am I?”

“Can you say that again so I can get all of it?” requested Alden, coming to sit on a boulder nearby.
Glaucin repeated the riddle.
“We have no time for this!” shouted Andy.
“You make time for what is important to you,” countered Glaucin. “Nothing is more important to you than crossing this river as quickly as possible. With the rains, that is more difficult than usual, and I am your best option.”
It killed Andy to admit that what Glaucin said was true. He detested having to settle down and figure out a riddle when they needed to be making progress toward the red dragon. What a waste of time!
Alden continued thinking. Andy paced. Glaucin waited in the rushing torrent, doing flips and dives to pass the time.
Several minutes passed with no ideas from Alden. Andy was losing what little patience he had.
Suddenly, Andy’s inneru interrupted his thoughts. “You do realize you’re being a butthead,” it said.
Ugh. You! Not now.
“Au contraire, yes now. Why are you so frustrated?”
He’s wasting time. He should take us across!
“Why?”
A memory of his mom flashed in Andy’s mind. At the time, she had been correcting him for being impatient and had informed him that she did not respond when he was being demanding. Andy kicked a stone.
“What a lovely day!” shouted Glaucin over the roar of the current as he came up and did another flip above the water. “I was out for a dive in the Sea of Mystery this morning, hunting for sand dollars, when I was asked to come. I figured it was such a beautiful day, why not come and help out. By the way, I didn’t write the riddle, but I think you have to agree that it’s a pretty good one!”
This guy is driving me crazy, and this stupid riddle is taking way too long to solve! Andy stewed.
“Tut, tut, tut,” Andy’s inneru interrupted. “Do you remember the definition of patience?”
No. Who cares?
“Let me see, it’s in here somewhere.” The inneru rummaged through several files in Andy’s brain. “You could really stand to get a housekeeper in here, Andy,” it said as it sneezed and then continued searching. “Not exactly frequently used files,” it muttered under its breath. Then, to Andy it said, “Okay, almost there. Let’s see—J, K…N, O… Ah, here we are. P. Okay, patience, patience. Yes, this is it.” 
His inneru stopped and sneezed again before continuing. “How ‘bout that. It was on your spelling test just a couple years ago. Okay, the definition of patience. ‘Adjusting your expectations to fit a situation as it is, not as you wish it to be. Accepting your limitations with dignity, and working within them to accomplish an outcome you are happy with.’ Looks like someone hasn’t learned patience yet. Just sayin’.”
You’re not helping! Andy raged, the pitch of the voice in his head rising.
Andy hated being reminded of what he already knew. My inneru is so annoying. He kicked the stone in front of him again and continued pacing. Over the next several minutes, it began to dawn on him that, while he detested the delay, being stubborn was not going to fix the situation. He slowly started to accept that he and Alden were stuck without Glaucin’s help. Come to think of it, they were actually lucky to have him there at all!
Andy walked over to where Alden had been thinking. “Come up with anything?”
“Well, first I thought about things like a stick or something like that, because you can break a stick and it’s still a stick, and you could say it keeps working. You can touch it and it moves. But if you lose a stick, it doesn’t make it so that nothing matters anymore.”
Andy started thinking, too. It has to be something that you don’t touch with your hands. It has to be an idea or something like that. That’s the only thing that makes sense.
He shared his thoughts with Alden.
“What about love?” Alden asked a few minutes later.
“But you don’t break love…”
“But you can have a broken heart!”
Andy thought about that.

If you break me, I keep working.
If you touch me, I may be moved.
If you lose me, nothing will matter.
What am I?

“That works, Alden! I think you’re right!”
They waited for Glaucin to surface again. When he finally did, Andy announced, “The answer is heart.”
“Is that your final answer?”
“Yes,” Andy confirmed, laughing. Then his smile faded. “It’s the only thing that makes sense…and I can relate.” He thought of the times he’d been disappointed when his parents were too busy to come watch him in a school play. He thought about having to go trick-or-treating with neighbors because his parents had meetings.
“You okay?” asked Alden.
“Yeah…just remembering.”
“You are correct!” Glaucin exclaimed. “Now, grab your things and I’ll take you to the other side.”
Andy and Alden did as they were told and laid down on Glaucin’s back. They put their arms around his thick neck. In no time they were standing on the opposite shore, dry except for their feet, which had been doused by spray.
Glaucin did another flip and then stopped in front of them.
“Thanks, Glaucin,” the boys said in unison.
Glaucin nodded and headed back downstream.
“I should have asked who sent him,” Andy realized a second too late.
Chapter Fifteen
The Battle

They quickly found the Slither River that headed toward Dragontail watchtower and began following its bank. Since crossing the river, they had entered a mountainous region with tall pine trees covering much of the terrain. The cover of trees provided protection from the circling vultures they could barely make out through the dense fog.
The thick foliage had kept the ground dry from the torrential rains of the days before. Andy loved the pine smell and breathed deeply. As they walked, their feet began to dry and their spirits rose. Wolves howled in the distance.
“Those are herewolves you’re hearing,” announced Alden.
Andy remembered Mermin telling him about herewolves and seeing carvings of them.
They stopped briefly to eat lunch and then continued on. They hoped to reach Dragontail watchtower before sundown. As the afternoon shadows grew longer, they could just make out the Great Wall through the thickening fog in front of them.
“This is good,” reasoned Andy. “The fog is getting thicker. We should be able to get through Dragontail tower without being seen.”
Andy remembered the instructions the King and Mermin had given them. They were to look for a secret door that, from this direction, should be to the right of where the river flowed under the watchtower. It was the entrance to a tunnel that ran through the Great Wall. They needed to find a stone in the floor that, when pushed, would slide the door open, just like the drawbridge power room back at the castle. The tunnel was supposed to take them into the foothills of the Zwellow Mountains, to the Dragons’ Lair.
We’re almost to the red dragons! Andy thought, quickening his pace.
An hour or so later they reached the pines at the foot of Dragontail watchtower. They took the precaution of camouflaging themselves with several pine boughs in case tower guards happened to glance down. They crouched down and examined the Great Wall where the Slither River came out from under it. They did not see a secret door.
“Let’s get closer,” Andy whispered.
He went first, slowly crawling to the base of the Great Wall and taking care not to be seen, even though the sun had just set and its final rays were beginning to fade. They would need to find the door quickly. Alden joined Andy a minute later.
“I don’t see anything,” Andy whispered.
“Maybe it’s closer to the river,” suggested Alden quietly.
Just then, they heard a watchman coming, probably doing his evening rounds. Andy and Alden crouched down close to the wall and made themselves as small as possible, hoping the guard would think they were bushes.
The watchman stopped not more than five feet in front of them and looked around. He had very long arms that nearly touched his feet and had a crooked, beak-like nose. He stood there for what seemed an eternity, scanning all around. Finally he moved on.
“That was close!” Alden whispered.
“Yeah, too close. Did you see that guy? He’s one of Abaddon’s goons!”
They resumed their search for the secret door. Alden crawled over to where the wall met the river and peered into the tunnel. He felt around. Strangely, he did not find stones for the wall.
“Andy,” he whispered.
Andy joined him and the two of them felt around. They soon discovered that part of the wall had been built as a façade; nothing was behind it. With the darkness under the watchtower, you would never see the optical illusion unless you looked very closely. One at a time, the boys carefully swung behind the façade. Alden nearly fell in the river when his backpack shifted unexpectedly. Andy grabbed his hand and pulled him to safety. They stood on a small piece of dry ground with the river rushing to their left.
“Excellent!” whispered Alden. “Let’s find the secret door.”
As quietly as possible, they pressed each stone on the floor. At last, Andy stepped on a stone that depressed slightly. The sound of stone dragging across stone filled the air and the boys grimaced, hoping the vulture-guard did not hear and come to investigate. 
“You did it!” Alden cheered, barely able to keep from shouting.
They stepped inside the tunnel and found another stone that closed the door behind them. In the quietness of this sanctuary, they could hear the river raging. Alden found a torch on the wall nearby, rummaged for a match in his backpack, and lit it.
They stood in a narrow, stone-lined corridor. Clearly, it had been retrofitted after the Great Wall had been built. Large wooden support beams set every ten feet secured the weight of the wall where it had been cut to accommodate the tunnel. To the right was a sign that read CAMP 20 YARDS AHEAD. Andy and Alden headed further into the tunnel, curious at what they might find.
When the boys emerged into a room with hollowed-out dirt walls, ceiling, and floor, they could no longer hear the sound of the river.
“We must be on the other side of the wall, underground,” Andy deduced.
With no one accessing the room for so long, thick cobwebs hung everywhere. Andy burned these away with the torch, sending several eight-legged inhabitants scurrying. A pile of logs was neatly stacked against the far wall, and next to that was a hole in the ground. A bucket attached to a rope lay nearby.
“It’s a well,” surmised Alden.
In no time they had a fire blazing, a real treat after going without for so many days. Andy was amazed that smoke didn’t build up inside, but Alden explained the simple ventilation system he saw in the walls that allowed smoke to escape while hiding it from the view of anyone outside. He’d seen the design somewhere else.
The boys pulled food out of their packs and began devouring their dinner. When they were done, Alden scrounged in the bottom of his pack and pulled out a package containing squishy, round, white balls. They were still soft.
“I found these in my pack after we left Anta’s, but I didn’t know what they were,” Alden explained. “Do you have any idea what they could be?”
Alden handed one to Andy. After inspecting it closely, he took a bite and beamed. “They’re marshmallows! How did Anta know?”
“What are marshmallows?”
“Only one of my favorite campfire treats!”
Andy pulled Methuselah out and extended the blade. He put one of the marshmallows on the end and held it over the fire. Alden looked on with curiosity.
“Hey, see if she gave us chocolate bars and graham crackers, too.”
Alden had no idea what he was looking for, but a second later he pulled out a small tin box and opened it.
“Yes!” Andy celebrated, pumping his fist.
Andy showed Alden how to assemble a s’more and then helped him roast his own marshmallow.
Several s’mores later, Andy cleaned off Methuselah’s blade and it retracted back into the hilt.
“Old-world craftsmanship meets twenty-first century treats!” Andy laughed.
The boys laid out their bedrolls near the warm fire and were quickly fast asleep.
As on the previous night, Andy had another dream about the dragon he had seen in the Forest of Giants. He again dreamed he was walking in rocky, mountainous terrain with brambles and thorn bushes jutting out from crevasses. This time, however, it was daytime and he was hunting. He held Methuselah out in front of him, ready to strike at the first sign of food.
He rounded a boulder and there in the path ahead of him crouched the red dragon eating a fresh kill. Andy froze. Unfortunately, the dragon saw him and looked up. It squared its shoulders and flapped its wings. A split second later, it reared up on its hind legs and leaped at him, blasting fire from two of its heads as it did. Just before the inferno hit him, Andy yelled and woke up sweating and trembling. He was still in the cave with Alden, next to the fire. Alden rolled over, made a few noises, and continued sleeping. It took Andy a long time to get back to sleep.

They slept late the next morning. The grumbling of his stomach woke Andy up. After a quick breakfast, they packed up their gear and headed into a passageway on the opposite side of the room, hoping it would lead them into the foothills of the Zwellow Mountains as the King and Mermin had said.
They were not disappointed. Finally reaching the end of the tunnel, they struggled to open an ancient door. They understood why when, after much grunting and groaning, they finally pushed it open. It had been hidden under a mound of old brush and heavy tree limbs. They looked around before emerging. A long way behind them towered the Great Wall. A short way to the left they heard the Slither River. After extinguishing the torch, Andy laid it inside the entrance of the tunnel and they carefully covered everything back up.
Now the boys could take a fuller view of their surroundings. Andy immediately noticed there was no fog. The sun was shining brightly, and they could see for miles! Unfortunately, the scene was depressing. Ahead lay a vast display of mountainous, desolate wasteland. What were once tall evergreens lay broken, the pieces strewn about in the rocky soil. The mountains off in the distance looked blackened with fire.
“What is this place?” asked Andy.
“It’s the Land of Hadession, Abaddon’s land.”
Andy felt a chill race down his spine.
The only decent cover was large, jagged rock formations that jutted skyward periodically. The boys needed to stay hidden from view, so after checking to see that there were no vultures circling above, they made a run for the first rock formation. No sooner had they reached its safety than the shadow of a vulture circled high above.
“That was close!” whispered Alden, afraid his voice might carry in the dry, barren conditions.
They moved on as far as they could in the shadow of the rock and waited for the vulture to leave. As soon as it was gone, they made a run for the next formation. Their progress was slow, but they were nearing Dragon’s Lair.
By late afternoon they had reached the point where the Slither River became nothing more than a trickle - they had reached Dragon’s Lair. For such a mighty river, its beginnings were unimpressive. The land became more mountainous. The scenery reminded Andy of what he had seen in his dreams. He took a deep breath. I hope what I dreamed is not foreshadowing something about to happen to us.
Dragons roared nearby. Compared to the roar of the red dragon with seven heads and ten horns, “normal” dragons did not seem so scary, at least not from a distance.
Continuing to keep a lookout for circling vultures, Andy and Alden spotted a cave and ran toward it when the coast was clear. They ducked into the cave mouth and stood silently, listening. While they did not see any vulture-men land, they heard something moving behind them.
“Andy…” Alden whispered.
Andy motioned to keep quiet.
Andy slowly set his backpack down and reached for the pouch, pulling out Methuselah. The shiny blade extended.
“Stay here and keep watch,” Andy instructed.
“Are you sure?” Alden squeaked.
Andy nodded, turned, and crept farther into the cave.
As his eyes adjusted, Andy could see a pair of yellow, glowing eyes the size of softballs. They reminded him of cat’s eyes in the dark. A large shape crouched in the dimness. Andy smelled smoke. He whirled Methuselah’s blade around in a figure-eight pattern, trying to intimidate whatever it was. The creature let out an ear-splitting roar and fire followed from its mouth as it charged.
Andy turned and ran toward the entrance of the cave yelling, “Alden, take cover!”
As he reached the mouth of the cave, Andy took a quick look over his shoulder only to see a yellow dragon nearly on him. He hesitated briefly, trying to find something to hide behind, but there was no cover. He had no idea where Alden had gone to. The dragon continued its pursuit. The animal was much faster than he expected, and he soon felt flames heat up the back of his neck. He dashed out of the cave, formulating a plan.
In a move he had executed only once while playing Dragon Slayer, Andy stopped, whirled around, and dove, forming a tight ball as he did. He somersaulted toward the dragon.
Please have the same anatomy as the dragons in Dragon Slayer, he pleaded.
The dragon did not expect such a move and ran over top of him. About where the scales covering the beast’s chest thinned out at its loins, the skin was unprotected. As soon as the underbelly hovered directly over him, Andy plunged Methuselah up into the soft flesh. The sword buried into the animal up to the hilt.
The yellow dragon skidded to a stop, let out a thunderous roar, and started to collapse. Andy rolled out from under the animal just before it fell to the ground. He ran back toward the mouth of the cave to take cover. The yellow dragon let out a final burst of smoke and closed its eyes, dead.
With such a disturbance, Andy fully expected the vultures to investigate. And he was right. No sooner had he ducked into the cave entrance, than he could see the outline of vultures approaching.
Alden poked his head out from behind a rock inside the cave. “Way to go!”
“No time to celebrate, we have company.”
No sooner had he spoken than the first vulture-man landed next to the dead dragon.
The boys grabbed their packs and headed farther into the cave, hoping there were no more occupants. They stumbled around in the darkness, trying to find something to hide behind in case the vulture-men searched the cave. They finally found a boulder and crouched down, waiting in silence. While it was so dark that they couldn’t see their hands in front of their faces, their ears worked extra well. They began to hear scratching coming from further in. The noise was growing louder!
Then, from the mouth of the cave, they heard the footsteps of a vulture-man coming. They were trapped! They ducked down, praying not to be found.
As luck would have it, whatever was making the scratching sound deeper in the cave now reached them and paused. A nose sniffed around wildly. A second later, the vulture-man also reached their position. It sensed the other creature and froze.
The creature charged the vulture-man and there was a violent scuffling. Andy could have reached out and touched the combatants they were so close.
The creature ran toward the mouth of the cave with the vulture-man in hot pursuit. Andy could make out its dark brown fur and a long, rough tail that looked like a giant rat. The creature would have come midway up Andy’s thigh! It carried something round in its mouth that Andy could not make out, but it left a trail of shiny liquid all the way out of the cave.
Andy and Alden didn’t move. Against the backdrop of light entering the mouth of the cave, they could see the vulture-man look around in the dark. After a few minutes it finally exited. Hearing no further sounds, they slowly crept closer to the cave entrance. Many vulture-men had gathered and were examining the dragon carcass. Thankfully, they were not strong enough to push it over, so they did not see Methuselah still lodged in the beast’s stomach.
After a long time, the vulture-men dispersed and Andy and Alden finally came out of hiding.
“How are we going to get Methuselah?” Alden wondered aloud.
“I’m not sure, but we have another problem. This is a yellow dragon. Merodach said this is where red dragons can be found. The Dragon’s Lair must have all kinds of dragons. I didn’t realize they all live together. Problem is, we don’t know which caves have red dragons. We can’t kill every dragon we come across until we find a red one.”
“That’s right!” came a deep, gruff voice from several feet away.
Andy and Alden looked toward the voice, startled.
From behind a nearby outcropping emerged a large, balding, unkempt man with only three fingers on his left hand.
Chapter Sixteen
Daisy

“I thought I might find you here,” began Merodach. “Still keeping with the likes of Cartesians, huh? Nasty habit.”
Ignoring the insult to his friend, Andy said, “You never said there were several different kinds of dragons here.”
“You never asked.”
“Would you have told us if we had asked?”
“I would have told you,” the dragon master replied, looking at Andy. Alden rolled his eyes.
“So, which caves do red dragons live in then?”
“You expect me to just tell you? What’s in it for me?”
Andy thought for a second. “Well, since I killed this dragon, it’s mine. I’ll share some dragon steaks with you if you tell me.”
Merodach scratched his generous girth. “Fine. But I expect them cooked medium rare. Not rare. Not medium. Medium rare. Understand?”
Andy nodded. “If we’re going to do that, I need your help getting my sword out of the dragon’s belly.”
“Wait a minute. First you want information and now you want me to help you get your sword?”
“It’s the only blade I have to cut up the dragon.”
“Oh, fine!” Merodach roared.
The burly man singlehandedly rolled the dragon on its side, exposing the hilt of Methuselah. He took a closer look and his demeanor immediately changed. “Where did you get this sword?”
“It was given to me,” replied Andy, freeing the blade.
“By who?”
“I can’t really say.”
“You can’t say or you won’t say?”
“I can’t. I’m not really sure.”
Merodach paused, strangely satisfied. “Fine. Now get me my dragon steaks, medium rare. And while you’re at it, fry me up an egg.”
“Huh?”
“That’s a mama dragon you killed. I can tell from her coloring. She’s flushed. See that reddish color behind her horns. Only happens to female yellow dragons just after they’ve laid their eggs. You should find some eggs in a nest near the back of the cave.”
Andy and Alden looked at each other.
Merodach stretched out on the ground inside the cave, gave a couple grunts and a fart, and began snoring. The boys snickered.
“I can cut up the carcass,” offered Alden. “I’ve seen my Mom cut up animals for dinner. It can’t be much different, just bigger.”
Before handing Methuselah to Alden, Andy walked over to where Merodach lay sleeping, held the sword up, and pretended to cut off Merodach’s head for all the trouble he was causing. Alden smiled.
Andy handed the blade to Alden and set about gathering wood. With the fading light, at least they didn’t have to worry about attracting uninvited guests. No one would see the fire inside the cave, nor its smoke in the dark. Andy finished collecting wood just as Alden cut the last of the dragon. Alden’s hands and tunic were covered with blood by the time he finished and he paused briefly to change.
Andy started a fire, then headed further into the cave to find the dragon’s nest. He slipped and slid several times on the shiny trail of liquid that the giant rat had left. It must have been an egg, he reasoned. The goo smelled rotten and made him nauseous. I’m not sure I want to eat a dragon egg, even if it is cooked. Just as Merodach had said, Andy found a nest with three eggs. Each was the size of a medicine ball and weighed about the same.
What are these things made of? It weighs a ton! he thought after attempting to pick one up.
He carefully rolled each egg to the entrance of the cave and placed them around the edge of the fire to cook. Alden laid the first steaks on thin flat rocks in the middle of the fire.
At the first mouthwatering scents of cooking steaks and eggs, Merodach stirred, rubbed his eyes, and sat up. “Got my steak ready?”
“Sure,” replied Alden.
Merodach frowned.
“You’re gonna have to take it from a Cartesian if you want to eat,” replied Alden, smiling.
Merodach quickly devoured the steak and then demanded seconds and thirds and fourths.
“How much can this guy eat?” Alden whispered to Andy amidst the sounds of loud chewing. “The guy has no table manners!”
After the fourth steak, Merodach belched loudly and then farted what sounded like a long trumpet blast with a high pitched squeal at the end.
The boys looked at each other and tried to hide their snickers, but failed.
“Gotta make room for more!” Merodach boomed. He ate two more steaks before asking for one of the eggs, which he inhaled.
Wow! I’ve never seen anyone eat so much! Andy marveled.
After Merodach finally finished, Andy and Alden sat down to eat. The first bite of dragon tasted like—no, not like chicken—like a beef steak, but with a strange aftertaste that was beyond gamey. It almost tasted rotten.
The steak is tender and moist, but it’s certainly not a taste I prefer, Andy decided.
“I think it’s the fire they breathe out that makes the steaks taste the way they do,” offered Alden, seeing Andy’s reaction.
Andy nodded. Between bites, he asked, “So which caves do the red dragons live in?”
Merodach did not acknowledge Andy’s question. After a very long, uncomfortable silence, Andy opened his mouth to ask again, but Merodach cut him off, growling, “I heard ya the first time!”
The silence continued.
Either he’s debating whether to answer or he’s just trying to be as annoying as possible. Either way, he’s succeeding at being annoying!
After several more minutes, Merodach finally replied, “Red dragons live in three caves by the Rising Sun.”
“Rising sun?”
“It’s an outcropping that looks like the sun rising. You’ll know it by the reddish rock. Only one like it in these parts. ‘Bout a half mile from here, due east. You’re too late though.”
“Too late? What do you mean?”
“I heard a ruckus up there yesterday, so I went to investigate. When I got there I saw King Abaddon and his goons swarming around the caves. I investigated this morning when no one was around. The caves are empty. Musta gotten wind that you were lookin’ fer red dragons. Killed ‘em all and cleaned up their carcasses. Nothin’ left.”
Andy was furious. “Why didn’t you tell us that before?”
“You didn’t ask,” Merodach replied, smiling and picking dragon meat from between his teeth with a dirty fingernail. “I didn’t have to tell ya, ya know.”
“I don’t believe you!” protested Andy.
“Not askin’ ya to. Just tellin’ ya the way things is.”
“Tomorrow morning Alden and I will go see for ourselves.”
“Suit yourself.”

The next morning Andy and Alden rose with the sun, packed up their gear (including a couple uncooked steaks from the night before), and set out for the Rising Sun, leaving Merodach snoring next to the rest of the steaks. There were no vultures circling above at this hour of the morning, and within half an hour they located the reddish rock that their annoying companion had described.
The roars of dragons sounded close by. Ahead, the boys found the openings to three caves that were double the size of the yellow dragon’s lair. They approached cautiously, Andy holding Methuselah out in front of him. As they entered the first cave, all was quiet. They saw what looked like blood stains on the ground. Claw marks and charred areas littered the walls. It looked like there had been quite a struggle. Aside from that, the place had been scrubbed clean. Andy’s heart sank.
Sensing Andy’s thoughts, Alden said, “Come on, let’s check out the other caves.”
The second cave proved as disappointing as the first—blood-stained ground, claw marks and burns covering the walls.
They moved on to the third cave. While it looked the same as the first two, Andy sensed something different about this one. Perhaps it was his refusal to accept defeat when they were so close to their goal, but he found himself filled with hope and optimism. They slowly crept farther into the cave with Methuselah giving light. Everything was silent except for the sound of flies buzzing about. The cave was deeper than that of the yellow dragon. The orange of the rocks at the entrance now gave way to medium gray rocks that were the texture of dragon scales. The boys heard the drip drip of water and saw it running down the walls in spots. After investigating for several minutes, they sat down on a boulder that jutted up from the floor.
“I don’t get it,” Andy puzzled. “When we walked in, it felt to me as if something was different about this cave. But I guess not.”
“I’d like to know how King Abaddon figured out we were after a red dragon scale,” said Alden.
“That doesn’t matter. What matters is that we have nothing to bring back. How is the curse ever going to be broken without a red dragon scale?”
They sat in silence with Andy trying to figure out what to do next. They could not return empty-handed. The King was counting on them.
A few minutes later, Andy started feeling hot. Not just a little hot, but really, really hot. As he bent down to remove his pack, a blast of flame shot over him, barely missing his head. He dropped to the floor as another blast found its target. This one hit his legs, bringing instant, searing pain. Andy grabbed his calves while ducking for cover. Seconds later, flames shot out at Alden. He tried to run but was not fast enough. A wall of fire hit him. He let out a piercing scream and then fell to the floor, not moving.
Through the light of the flames, Andy made out the figure of an enormous dragon. Its head was the size of a large bear and its body as big as a small house. Two small horns sprouted from the top of its head, which was crowned by a bony ridge, much like Andy had seen on Triceratops dinosaurs in picture books when he was little. The monster stared at him.
Andy managed to haul himself behind a large boulder. Flames lapped the floor on either side of the rock and found their way to his left hand. More pain. Andy smelled his flesh burning again. He could not run. He could not walk. And the monster slowly approached one terrifying step after another.
This is it. I’m going to die!
At that instant, he overheard a woman clap and yell, “Go dragon, go! Go dragon, go!” Andy shook his head, unsure what was happening. Is someone cheering for the dragon to kill me? Couldn’t be. I must be imagining it!
With no time to think, Andy struggled up. The blistering pain was more intense than anything he had ever endured, but he had to save Alden. He managed to peek out from behind the boulder and saw Methuselah on the ground a few feet away. Another blast of fire shot toward the boulder and Andy ducked behind the rock just in time.
Then he saw the monster start back toward Alden’s motionless form. Out of sheer will, Andy forced himself to stand. He moved around the boulder and fell to the floor, grabbing Methuselah. Instantly the blade extended. The creature saw him and turned back. Flames shot out again.
He expected to feel more intense burning, but instead Methuselah deflected the flames to either side. 
Whoa! Andy thought, as he held the blade steady. Thank you, whoever sent you!
The creature hurled more fire, but Methuselah prevailed. This stalemate continued for several minutes until the dragon finally gave up, rubbing its neck as if it had a sore throat from all the fire it had breathed at Andy.
The beast turned and slumped away, going farther into the cave. Andy’s legs and hand burned with pain. Still holding Methuselah, he moved over to Alden to see how badly he had been burned. As he got close, Alden moaned but did not move. Andy saw burns covering most of his body. He was in bad shape.
What am I going to do? I’m in no condition to go for help, and I certainly can’t lift Alden. Just when he was about to give up hope, Andy heard a sound from the back of the cave. No way! It almost sounds like the dragon is crying.
Andy scooted as quietly as he could back toward the dragon. It was true. The dragon’s frame heaved in great sobs. It was crying so hard that its tears fell to the floor and were starting to form a stream. He inched closer, trying to figure out what to do. In the process, his left hand touched the tear stream. Instantly, the burning pain left him.
What! What just happened?
He stuck one leg and then the other into the stream. The pain again stopped. He examined his skin. Where it had been severely burned, now it looked…new! There was no trace of the burn.
Wow! This is awesome!
Alden moaned again.
Andy stood up, jettisoning his shredded leggings. He walked over and, with not a little effort, managed to pick up his friend while the dragon continued sobbing. He struggled as he carried Alden back to the stream of tears and laid him in it. Seconds later, Alden regained consciousness.
“Wh-wh-what…?”
“It’s okay, Alden, I’m here. You were badly burned by a dragon, but you’re going to be fine.”
Alden sat up, yawned, and stretched, seemingly as good as new. “I thought I was dreaming. All I remember is seeing a huge monster and then flames.”
“The dragon over there burned you badly,” Andy motioned to where the beast crouched.
Alden gave a start and moved to flee.
Andy put a hand on his shoulder. “It’s okay, Methuselah protected us.”
Hearing them talking, the dragon composed itself and turned back to face them. Expecting more flames, Andy quickly shielded them with Methuselah.
You won. I will no longer attack you. I can’t even do that right…
Andy and Alden both heard the words…but the cave was silent.
“Did you hear something?” puzzled Andy.
“Yeah—but wait, no…,” replied Alden, shaking his head.
“Who said that?”
I did.
“Who?”
Me. The dragon lifted its head and looked at them. I speak to you in your thoughts.
Andy and Alden exchanged glances.
I’m sorry I hurt you. When I saw you, I thought you were more bad men trying to kill me.
“Why would you think that?” asked Alden.
Two days ago, bad men came and killed my family. It was horrible… The dragon paused, nearly breaking down again. I hid back in the cave. When the slaughter was over, they searched but did not find me. Then they carried my family away and cleaned up the mess. Why would they do such a thing? What did we ever do to them?
“I’m so sorry to hear that,” replied Alden. “By the way, I’m Alden and this is Andy.”
I’m Sabella, but my parents— The dragon paused and sniffled loudly. My parents called me Daisy, because daisies were my mom’s favorite flower. A tear trickled down her cheek.
“I don’t think you did anything to anyone. I think King Abaddon knew we were looking for the scale of a red dragon and tried to prevent us from getting one by killing all the red dragons and taking away their bodies. He doesn’t realize he missed you.”
 What do you need a red dragon scale for?
Andy looked at Alden, debating whether they should tell her about their mission.
“It’s fine, Andy. She’s not on their side.”
“Okay…”
Alden explained everything to Daisy. When he finished, Daisy said, I want to help you. They killed my family, and they’ll try to kill me as soon as they know I’m alive.
“Where can we find a red scale?” asked Andy.
Daisy shook her head. I doubt there are any left here. The men scoured the caves clean.
“We have to find one. Let’s at least look to make sure there aren’t any laying around,” suggested Alden.
They diligently searched all three caves but found nothing.
“I can’t believe we are this close but can’t find one. We’ve come so far and gone through so much! There has to be one here!
“But we’ve looked everywhere,” replied Alden.
“We can’t go back without one! We can’t!” Then pausing, Andy added, “I won’t!”
“Andy, there’s nothing here. We can’t just make one out of thin air.”
“Let’s look again.”
“But Andy…”
“Let’s look again!
After another thorough search of all three caves, the three met up once more.
“Nothing,” said Alden.
Nothing, echoed Daisy.
“Nothing,” sighed Andy, kicking the dirt. “This totally stinks! I feel like such a failure. I promised the King I’d do my best and bring back a red dragon scale so the curse can finally be broken.” He paused, thinking for several minutes. “What am I going to tell the King?”
Alden looked at Andy. “I don’t know…” was all he could say.
The gravity of the situation hit them.

Several minutes later, Alden turned his thoughts to Daisy and asked, “Daisy, what are you going to do? You’re all alone.”
I don’t know…
“Are there other red dragon colonies?”
I remember my mom and dad saying something about that a long time ago, but I don’t know where they are.
“That’s it!” exclaimed Andy. “We’ll find another red dragon colony and get a scale that way!” But even as he said it, his stomach tensed. I hope Abaddon didn’t wipe out all the red dragons…
“Well, until we know where there’s another colony, Daisy can’t stay here by herself. Should we go see if Merodach might know?” Alden questioned.
“You trust Merodach?”
“Then we should go back to the castle and ask Mermin. The King said he’s studied dragons for a very long time. Surely he’ll know,” Alden countered.
“Can you fly?” asked Andy.
Yes.
“Would you mind giving us a lift?”
Not at all. Grab your things and hop on.

Chapter Seventeen
Dragon Riding

“Feels like I’m riding Optimistic!” yelled Alden over the noise of the air rushing by.
No sooner had they taken flight than the boys saw a flock of vultures circling not far off. When the birds saw them, they formed a tight pack and began dive-bombing the dragon.
Daisy was tough. She banked and turned, avoiding most attacks. Occasionally, she got a clear shot and swatted several vultures with her tail. Unfortunately, there were hundreds of them, and they kept coming no matter what she did. I don’t want to breathe fire, lest I hit you! 
The vultures flew at Andy and Alden, trying to unseat them. They nearly succeeded at one point, but Alden ducked under Daisy’s wing just in time to avoid a direct hit. Somehow he managed to stay on. After righting himself, he yelled, “A little trick I found when riding Optimistic!”
Andy held on for dear life.
The boys knew exactly when they passed back into the land of Oomaldee. Fog filled the sky, making it difficult to see their adversaries coming. Somehow the fog did not slow the birds. They seemed to be able to see Daisy through the haze and continued their unrelenting attacks.
Daisy began to tire. She had been flying for several hours now with no let up from the opposition. She flew lower, trying to shake the pursuers. As she did, Alden recognized the landscape below them. He had flown Optimistic over this territory many times.
“We’re almost to the castle, Daisy! Can you hang on for just a little longer?” he asked.
I’ll do my best, was all Daisy said as the vultures launched yet another frontal assault.
 “Where can we land that Daisy won’t be attacked?” yelled Andy.
“I know the perfect place,” reassured Alden. “Hopefully it won’t upset too many people…”
A few minutes later, Alden directed Daisy down to the cavalry’s training facility. He hopped off as soon as they hit the ground and ran for the stable doors. “Andy, help me slide these open. She can take cover in here.”
With the dragon standing immobile, five more vultures took the opportunity to extend their talons and attempt to gouge out her eyes. Daisy deftly incinerated the birds.
“Way to go!” Alden cheered. 
The training arena was empty. Daisy waddled quickly into the large space and collapsed in the soft sawdust covering the floor. Andy and Alden quickly pulled the doors shut again.
“Are you okay, Daisy?” worried Alden.
I will be. Just give me some time to rest.
Alden fetched water, and after drinking her fill, Daisy immediately fell asleep. Alden looked her over. Remarkably, despite all of the attacks, the dragon had no wounds. Her scales had protected her. Andy and Alden were not so fortunate. They were sore from riding on those tough plates and had more than a few scratches from the vultures.
“Let’s go find Major Cahill and tell him about Daisy, so he doesn’t get a shock when he walks in and sees her,” suggested Alden. 
Before leaving, he turned and patted Daisy on the head. “Thank you, friend. Now sleep well,” he whispered.
As they exited the arena, Andy glanced back over his shoulder and smiled at the light gray smoke rings that wafted up from Daisy’s nostrils with each breath. 
The boys headed toward the major’s office, which was located on the other side of the stable area. Alden noticed how strangely quiet everything was. “Something’s wrong, Andy.”
“I was thinking the same thing,” he whispered back, pulling Methuselah out and extending the blade.
They crept into the stables. The Pegasus were in their quarters and quiet. Sneaking around the first row of stalls, Alden led the way toward Optimistic. They had just about reached the door of her enclosure when they heard someone coming and ducked into the shadows. A large vulture-man lumbered by carrying an oversize bucket of feed in each hand. His muscles bulged under the weight.
As soon as he had passed, Alden whispered, “I’ve never seen that guy before!”
They ducked into Optimistic’s stall. Both Andy and Alden held out a hand for her to sniff and accept them. She whinnied her approval and Alden gave her a hug.
“It’s good to see you!” he whispered. “What’s going on around here?”
Optimistic whinnied again and started pawing at the straw.
“It’s okay, girl. We’re going to figure out—”
Optimistic stomped and pawed at the straw again, tossing her head.
“What’s wrong, girl?”
Andy looked down at where she was pawing. Under the topmost layer of straw, he saw a piece of paper. “Alden, move her back so I can get that.”
Andy grabbed the paper. Someone had scribbled a short message: “Cavalry captured. Men turned into vultures by Abaddon.”
“That’s Major Cahill’s writing. I recognize it. Andy, this is really bad. He must have had just enough time to sneak that note in here before they grabbed him. He probably hoped we would find it when I checked on Optimistic once we got back.”
“Come on, let’s get inside the castle and see what’s going on,” suggested Andy. “Are there any other entrances? These guys are probably watching the back and the front doors.”
“Not that I know of.”
The boys crept along the row of stalls until arriving at the foyer. They heard a horse whinny and a voice yell, “Whoa, slow up Alexander. We have company.”
Alden and Andy scuttled back into the stable, waiting for vulture-men to come see what the disturbance was. Nothing happened. No one came. After several tense minutes, the stone knight hopped down from his horse and introduced himself, “I’m Sir Gawain. Glad to see you’re still with us. I’m at your service, sirs.”
“Shhh, keep your voice down,” said Andy.
“No worries, sir. No one can hear me. Only those with the golden key,” replied the stone warrior.
Alden couldn’t believe his eyes. He stared, dumbfounded.
“What’s up with your friend there?”
“Alden, I’d like you to meet Sir Gawain. Sir Gawain, this is Alden,” Andy whispered an introduction.
Alden stepped forward and said, “Uh…hi?”
“We’re in kind of a hurry,” Andy pushed. “It looks like King Abaddon captured our cavalry and turned them into vultures.”
“Is that why I’ve been seeing so many vulture-dudes walking around!” interrupted Sir Gawain.
“So, you saw it?”
“Well, I didn’t see him turn anyone into a vulture, but I’ve noticed an awful lot more of those guys around here in the last week.” He paused and then, with a hand cupped to one side of his mouth, confided to Andy, “I know this sounds bad, but personally, they give me the creeps.”
Andy laughed. “I’m with you. Out of curiosity, Sir Gawain, you’ve been here for how long?”
“Oh, probably 450 years or so. Yeah, da Vinci sculpted me. The King was lucky to keep that kid focused long enough to finish me. He’s got ADHD bad!”
“You do know that he died, don’t you?”
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that.”
“So, you know lots about the castle then, right?” continued Andy.
“Well, sure. What specifically do you want to know?”
“Do you know if there’s another way in besides the back or front doors?”
“Well, now that you mention it…yes, I recall that when da Vinci sculpted me, his workshop was inside the castle, in the basement. These stables had not yet been built. When he finished us, we were too big to take up the stairs, so they dug another way out. Not sure what they did with the hole after that. They brought us around and in through the front door. I stood there in the entry hall for many years, until they built these stables. Poor Alexander’s hoofs were killing him, standing in this pose for so long!”
“Do you have any idea where that other door might be?” interrupted Alden.
But the knight was not yet finished recounting his story. “Oh, I remember the day when I got my first glimpse of daylight…it was absolutely amazing! The birds were singing—I think they were celebrating us. Good creatures those birds. I always like to hear them sing.”
“Um, excuse me, sir…” Andy cleared his throat, trying to get Sir Gawain back on track.
“Oh, right. Sorry. Let me see. I remember being rolled up a ramp on logs, sideways. Yeah, those men had to really strain. Scared Alexander a bit when they nearly lost hold and we started to slide backwards.” Gawain turned and patted his horse. “It’s quite a challenge to ride a horse at full speed while tilted at an angle. I don’t recommend it. Oh, and I remember seeing a huge tree in front of us…”
Andy thought for a second, I don’t remember seeing any large trees around the castle.
Alden jumped excitedly. “I know where he’s talking about! When my mom and I first came to the castle, there was a huge oak tree over there.” He motioned in the direction of the northeast side of the castle. “It got sick and they had to cut it down. Nothing but a stump left now.”
“Thanks for your help, Sir Gawain!” said Andy. “We need to see if we can get in that way.”
“My pleasure. Is there anything else I can do for you?” the stone man asked.
“Just stay here and keep listening for any clues that might tell us what Abaddon is planning. And let us know if you see anything else going on,” instructed Andy.
“Very well, sir,” he said, bowing to Andy.
“Come on, Alden.”
Andy stuck his head out the training center doors.
“Coast is clear. You lead the way,” Andy requested.
They made a dash in the direction Alden had indicated. The thick fog helped hide them as they cut across the cobblestone terrace and rounded the side of the castle. They could no longer see the training center as they stopped next to the stone foundation.
Andy hoped that meant no one could see them either. “I’ve never seen this side of the castle,” he whispered.
Alden quickly spotted what remained of the stump and they both started searching for an opening in the wall.
“This reminds me of when we had to find the tunnel under the Dragontail watchtower,” whispered Alden.
“I’m guessing they did something similar here,” Andy reasoned. “We need to find the keystone that opens the door.”
No sooner had he said that than Alden’s foot hit an odd-sized rock. He pressed down on the stone and they heard the sound of one rock sliding across another. A small opening appeared.
“Way to go, Alden!” Andy cheered quietly.
Andy pulled Methuselah out as they slipped through the opening and into a dark tunnel. The sword’s light allowed them to find another stone that closed the door behind them.
“I wonder where this will take us,” commented Andy, starting down the tunnel.
The boys walked for a few minutes until the tunnel branched off.
“Which way?” asked Alden.
“Let’s keep going forward. We can always come back and see where that leads if we need to.”
A minute later they reached a wall.
“Looks like this is the end of the line,” said Alden.
“Yep. And I think this is the key to open the door,” motioned Andy, pointing at a stone that protruded from the wall.
Before opening it, the boys put their ears to the wall and listened for any sounds that might indicate people on the other side. They heard nothing.
“Okay, here goes,” said Andy, pushing the stone.
The door slid open and they found themselves in the corridor right outside Alden’s quarters on the servants’ level. They saw no one.
“Wow! I had no idea this door was here,” Alden exclaimed. “I always thought it was just the wall at the end of the hall. Come on. Let’s hide in my room until we figure out what we’re going to do.”
They felt around the wall, found the stone to close the opening, and hurried inside Alden’s room.
Alden plopped down on his bed. “I’m worried about my mom and the others. We need to see if they’re okay.”
Andy knew Alden’s concern was that his mom and the others had been turned into vultures like the cavalry. He shared the concern, even though he didn’t say it. Saying it would only make the possibility more real. And he was not ready to consider it, not after how he had grown to love Marta and the others.
“I agree.” Andy replied. “Let’s search the castle and see if we can find them. We’ll start down here and work our way up floor by floor.”
They checked the hallway before heading out. They saw no one and heard nothing. Andy pulled Methuselah out as they walked quietly down the hallway, checking each room. No one was there. They reached the end of the hall and heard footsteps coming down the steps. Scurrying under the stairs, the boys hid in the shadows and watched Razen hurry past. Andy and Alden exchanged looks. Razen continued down toward the dungeon. They heard the heavy door open. A loud bellow escaped. Then the door slammed shut.
“What was that?” Andy whispered.
They crept down the stairs toward the dungeon. Wisps of green vapor were rising from beneath the door. Andy tried the handle. It was unlocked this time and he slowly opened the door and slid through, Alden right behind him. They closed the door again as quietly as possible, and as it shut they heard another loud bellow.
“Come on!” whispered Andy, motioning Alden to follow.
The dungeon was gray and had only a few lights, making it hard to see. The green vapor that was everywhere smelled like rotten eggs. Andy’s stomach started doing flips and he did his best not to hurl. They inched down the stairs, every nerve on high alert.
“Neeevvvvver!” another bellow rang out, making Andy and Alden jump.
They quickened their pace down a hall lined with cells on both sides. Before rounding the corner, Andy stopped short to see if the coast was clear. When he looked back, Alden was no longer following him. Just then Andy heard a loud shout from up ahead followed by a blast of fire.
“Aaaaahhhhhhhhh!” a scream rang out.  
I’ll come back and find Alden later, he thought. I’ve got to help whoever that is! Andy dashed around the corner and down the hall, Methuselah held out in front of him. As he passed a life-size statue of Sir Kay and Sir Gawain, the two figures began slashing at each other with their swords. “Stop fighting and follow me,” commanded Andy.
Chapter Eighteen
Fierce Competition

Andy and his entourage burst into a large open area of the dungeon. The King was tied to a chair situated in the middle of the room, his head slumped down. Several vulture-men stood by watching as the multiheaded dragon he had seen in the Forest of Giants leaned over the King. It swished its tail violently, hitting one vulture-man and catapulting him against the far wall. The bird-man dropped to the floor in a heap. The dragon ruffled its wings as more putrid green vapor spewed from two of its mouths.
Despite the terrifying sight, the stomach-churning stench, and the fact that his nerves were making his whole body shake, Andy rushed forward. The dragon turned and glared at the intruders. The vulture-men whirled around at the disturbance, preparing to pounce. The King raised his head, recognized Andy through his bloodied eyes, and yelled, “No Andy! Don’t do it!”
With a mighty swish of its tail, the dragon cut the legs out from under the chair that the King was tied to, toppling it over. The dragon narrowly missed the King’s head as it stepped toward Andy.

Just then, Andy thought he heard that same woman laughing and clapping as if this were some kind of sick sport. That was followed by a man’s voice shouting, “Imogenia, stop!” That voice sounds familiar. 
“There’s nothing you can do to help him, Father,” the woman cackled. “He’s going to die!”

Andy did not have time to think further about the voices he had just overheard. The dragon lowered its heads and shot out blasts of fire from three of them. Andy easily deflected these with Methuselah, making the beast more furious. Andy scanned several of the dragon’s eyes, moving Methuselah in a figure-eight pattern, then lunged at one of the heads. His blade hit the hard scales covering it and bounced off. 
In a chorus of raspy voices, the dragon said, “You are mine…and so is your King. Surrender now or I will finish you.” 
Andy saw several of its mouths moving in unison as the words flowed out. It made the hair on the back of his neck stand up.
Andy slowly moved between the King and the dragon, shielding the King behind Methuselah. As he did, he studied the dragon, looking for some vulnerable spot to strike next. Nothing was immediately visible.
One of the vulture-men took the opportunity to pounce on Andy from behind. As soon as it did, Sir Kay, who had been waiting for a signal from Andy, charged. He skewered the creature through the side with his lance and flung it across the room. All the vulture-men now entered the fray. Sir Gawain drew his sword and, from atop his horse, beheaded several of the enemy as they charged. Andy whirled around with Methuselah, hacking and jabbing at each vulture-man that approached. He quickly glanced over and saw Sir Kay continuing around the room, wounding more vulture-men. Then he turned and saw that three vulture-men had grabbed Sir Gawain by the foot and were dragging him off his horse. Andy raced over and disabled two of them, allowing the knight to remount his steed and continue the assault.
The battle raged on for what seemed an eternity. No sooner had the three of them subdued most of the enemy than more vulture-men materialized out of thin air. When at last Andy felt like he had no more strength to fight, the dragon roared and spewed fire around the room. Several vulture-men screamed as they were consumed by the raging hot flames. Andy pulled Methuselah up to shield himself and the King just in time. 
The beast turned and Andy raced toward it from behind. In an instant, he lunged, plunging Methuselah into a small gap he had spotted between its shoulder blade and back. He held onto Methuselah as the creature writhed, driving the sword further into the beast. It shot out more fire, venom, and putrid green vapor. Sir Kay and Sir Gawain, who because they were stone had not been harmed by the flames, dismounted and began whacking at the flailing heads. The creature staggered under the onslaught, let out a thunderous roar, and vanished.
Andy crumbled to the floor, exhausted but still holding Methuselah.
“Whoa! What just happened? Where’d he go?” he gasped.
The knights shouted and cheered at their victory.
“That was awesome!” Sir Gawain pumped his arms in triumph.
“Yeah, I was getting tired of staring at your ugly mug, fighting you for all those years,” trumpeted Sir Kay.
“Ugly mug?” Sir Gawain countered. “Just look at yourself!”
“I challenge you to a duel, Sir Gawain!” snapped Sir Kay.
“A duel? Why, you scoundrel!” snorted Sir Gawain, raising his lance.
Andy sat up and shouted, “Take it back to where I found you, guys!”
Both knights bowed to Andy, remounted their horses, and rode out of the room, taunting each other.
Andy just shook his head. “Knights…”
The King moaned. Andy gathered his strength and raced over the fallen bodies of vulture-men to where the King lay on the floor, toppled over and still tied to the chair.
“Sir, are you okay?”
The King did not reply.
Andy looked up quickly as Alden raced into the room.
“Where have you been?” Andy demanded.
“Razen grabbed me from behind. He tied me up, gagged me, and stuffed me in a side cell.”
“How did you get free?”
“Razen just up and vanished a few minutes ago, and I finally got myself untied. I came here as fast as I could.”
“Help me get the King untied.”
They set the legless chair upright and cut the sovereign’s bonds. As they did, the King slumped forward, unconscious.
“Let’s get him up to his chambers and call Hans. He’s got some bad burns,” Andy instructed.
Standing on either side, they stood the King up between them as best they could and wrapped his arms over their shoulders as gently as possible.
Several minutes later, the three of them stood outside the King’s chambers.
“Open the door.” 
Alden hesitated. “I’ve never been in there before.”
“Me neither, but we need to put him in bed. Come on.”
Alden turned the doorknob with his free hand and pushed the door open with his foot. It was an expansive room ornately decorated with rugs and tapestries that made it feel cozy. A bed larger than Andy or Alden had seen before stood straight ahead with lavish, shiny covers.
After considerable effort because they were trying to be as gentle as possible, the King lay on his bed.
Andy turned to go get Hans. As he did, his eye caught something purple and shiny on the desk not far away. He gasped.
“What is it?” asked Alden.
Without replying, Andy walked over to examine the object more closely. He picked up a shiny purple crest. It had a spider on the top, followed by a wavy line, and then a knight on horseback at the bottom. It was identical to the crest on the sword holder he’d found in the trunk in his attic at home!
“Do you have any idea whose crest this is?”
“No. I’ve never seen it.”
Andy examined it a minute longer before finally replacing it. “Stay here with him. I’m going to go find Hans.”
“No, I need to find my mom,” Alden insisted.
“Oh, right.” In all the commotion, Andy had nearly forgotten their original mission. “Yeah, the King should be fine while we go find them.” 
Alden nodded his agreement.
They raced out the door and back down the stairs, dreading what they might find. The castle echoed, eerily quiet, as they descended the stairs toward the dining hall. And then, they heard the first sounds of activity. Muffled voices grew louder as they approached. Rounding the corner, the boys saw what looked to be the entire castle staff. Everyone was either helping untie another servant or being untied. The boys sighed as they saw no one sported beaks, feathers or wings, only weariness and dirt.
“Do you see my mom?” asked Alden, quickly scanning the mass of people.
Andy looked through the crowd but did not immediately see Marta or anyone else he knew. Finally, he spotted Hans and Hannah sitting on the floor helping Marta out of her bonds.
“Alden, she’s over there!” yelled Andy, pointing.
They both made their way through the crowd, stopping only after reaching them.
“You’re back! Thank goodness! I was worried sick,” said Marta, giving Alden and Andy big hugs.
“What happened?” asked Alden.
“About a week ago,” Marta began, “the castle was overrun by vulture-men. We tried to fight them off, but in the end were overwhelmed by their numbers. I don’t know what happened to the cavalry. They were no help at all. The vulture-men forced us all into this hall and tied us up,” she concluded.
“I can tell you what happened to the cavalry,” started Alden. “It appears Major Cahill and all his men have been turned into vulture-men.”
“No!” shouted Hans and Hannah in unison, who were now standing next to Marta. “But how?”
“We don’t know, but we got this note that was left in Optimistic’s stall.” Andy pulled the paper from inside his tunic.
Marta scanned the note. “That’s terrible! What will happen to them now? Hans have you seen anyone turned into a vulture-person before? Can they be turned back?”
“I’ve never seen it happen, so I have no idea what the possibilities are. We can only hope for the best,” replied Hans, frowning. “Do you know where they are?”
“We didn’t see them,” replied Andy. “We only found this note.”
“Why didn’t they turn you into vulture-people?” asked Andy.
Everyone looked at him.
“Sorry, I was just wondering…”
“My guess is that their magic does not work in the castle under the spell that keeps the King alive. That’s also why they couldn’t drag us outside the castle and turn us. No one can be forced outside the castle against their will,” replied Hans.
“Thank goodness,” replied Marta.
“Hans, the King has been badly hurt,” Andy interrupted.
“Hurt? How?” interjected Hans.
“No time to explain. You need to go help him. He’s badly burned. We took him up to his chambers,” said Andy.
“Has anyone seen Mermin?” interjected Alden.
“Alden, you go look for Mermin while I take Hans up to see the King,” Andy instructed.
“And I’m going to prepare some food for everyone. They didn’t feed us much of anything,” huffed Marta.
“I’ll help you,” added Hannah, following her.

Several minutes later, Andy stood next to Hans who examined the King. He saw a towel next to the washstand. He wet it and started cleaning dirt from the King’s wounds.
“You’re right, Andy. He has some very bad burns along with swelling in his face, arms, hands and legs. The best thing to heal burns is dragon tears, but I’m all out at the moment.” Hans shook his head as he continued to examine the King. “If we can’t start his burns healing quickly, they will get infected.”
The King moaned, only partially conscious.
“I know where we can get dragon tears!” said Andy excitedly.
Hans glanced up with a curious look.
 “Stay with him. I’ll be right back,” yelled Andy as he ran out the door. Moments later he was back holding two bottles. He handed them to Hans.
“But where…and so much?” asked the healer, incredulous.
“I have my sources,” replied Andy, smiling.
“Thank you. I’ll treat his wounds with this. Then we’ll just have to wait and see how he responds. Why don’t you go help the others.”
Andy headed back downstairs. As he descended, he noticed that the castle sounded like itself again with the noises of people talking and moving about. He headed back to the dining hall where he hoped to find Alden with Mermin. Sure enough, as Andy rounded the corner, there stood Mermin, talking with Alden and rubbing his wrists.
“Hans is with the King,” Andy reported.
“Vewy good. How is he?”
“He was treating the king’s wounds when I left. He said he’d have to wait to see how he responds. He’s in pretty bad shape.”
Mermin frowned and slowly shook his head. “Alden has just filled me in on what happened. You did well to fend off Abaddon.”
“Well, I can’t take all the credit. I had the help of Sir Gawain and Sir Kay. If not for them, I don’t think I would be here. They bravely battled the vulture-men. It was weird how Abaddon just disappeared, though.”
“Andy, what do you mean you had the help of Sir Gawain and Sir Kay?” asked Mermin, clearly puzzled.
“When I wear the gold key, anything that has been locked opens. And I found that it makes the statues in the castle come to life,” Andy explained.
“Fascinating!” replied Mermin, scratching his head. “I wonder how this is accomplished?”
“I’ve no idea. All I know is that it works.”
“Well, that’s good because King Abaddon will weturn, I am sure of it.”
“How do you know?” 
“While the fight you just won was bad, fwom everything I’ve wead Methuselah appears for far gweater battles than that.”
Andy glanced at Alden and he swallowed.
Mermin continued, “Abaddon has appeared in the past, wacking havoc and harm, but he’s never done this much damage or hurt so many. He’s merciless. He has never been sevewely wounded though. I’m guessing he wetreated to wecover.”
“I just wish I’d been there to help,” added Alden. “Raaazzzzzen…” he snarled, drawing out the name slowly and shaking his head.
At this moment, a vulture-man walked into the dining hall from the direction of the grand stairway. Seeing Mermin, Alden, and Andy clustered together, he waddled toward them. Andy instinctively reached for Methuselah and the blade extended. At seeing this, the vulture-man paused and held his hands up in surrender. Then he pointed with his index finger, motioned to lower Methuselah. Andy held his ground. The vulture-man approached the group more slowly hands still held high and began speaking.
“Pardon my appearance. I am Major Cahill. King Abaddon turned me and all my men. While we look bad, most of my men’s spirits—at least those who are truly committed to our King—were not turned, and we remain loyal.”
Everyone studied the vulture-man for a minute.
“How can we know what you’re saying is true?” Andy quizzed.
“Did you find a note in Optimistic’s stall?”
“We did,” Andy replied. “But how do we know it was you who wrote the note?”
“Test me. Do you have a piece of paper and something to write with?” the man asked. Upon presenting him with the requested items, he waddled to a table and wrote, “Cavalry captured. Men turned into vultures by Abaddon.”
Alden picked up the paper and examined it. “It is Major Cahill! It’s his handwriting. I’d recognize it anywhere. I’m so sorry…”
“Thank you Alden. By way of explanation, Abaddon and his men were after us. I barely had time to scribble that so you’d know.” He paused before continuing, “The reason I came is to see if anyone knows about a dragon that is in the arena. It’s not hurting anything at the moment, but we’ll need to do something before it does.”
“Oh my!” responded Mermin.
Andy held up his hand, laughing. “Yes. That’s Daisy. She’s our friend. Long story. Let’s just say she helped us a lot,” he said, grinning at Alden who nodded. “Hans also used her tears to treat the King,” continued Andy. “I’m guessing she’s getting hungry. Also, we need to find another red dragon colony for her. Abaddon killed her family and she was not going to survive if we left her behind. Mermin, we figured you could help us with that.”
“It would be my pleasure to help her,” Mermin said, smiling. “Just let me consult my notes.”
“You do that, and Alden and I will go see what we can find for her to eat.”
“Begging your pardons,” interrupted Major Cahill, “but my men and I would be honored to escort her to her new home if you need us to.”
“I accept!” responded Alden. “And I’ll fly with Optimistic, so she knows someone.”
“Great, then we have a plan,” concluded Andy. “Now, to get her something to eat…”
 Andy was busy helping others the rest of the day, enough to distract his thoughts from the bigger problem at hand. When he finally got to his bed that night, even though he was dead tired, his mind would not let him sleep.
I failed, his thoughts tormented. I didn’t get a red dragon scale. The King was counting on me. I tried my best, but it wasn’t enough. I hope Mermin can locate another red dragon colony. If Abaddon wiped them out…I don’t know how we’re going to break the curse.
Chapter Nineteen
The Voice

Andy woke to the sun shining on his face. Judging by its brightness, he had slept late. His restless thoughts from the night before zoomed back to his consciousness, haunting him. He washed up and dressed in his comfortable jeans and blue T-shirt with the King’s crest on the sleeve.
I missed these, he thought as he headed up to see the King. He knocked on the door to his chambers and was invited in.
Stepping into the room, Andy saw the King sitting up in bed in his pinstriped night shirt. His lap and legs were concealed under thick silky covers. Razen was finishing tasting his breakfast. Seeing this, Andy raced forward reaching for Methuselah. “Sir!” he yelled.
The King motioned him to stop. “It’s okay, Andy. Razen has filled me in on what happened after I passed out.”
Yeah, I’ll bet he did… Andy scowled at Razen.
Razen returned the scowl. Then he bowed to the King, turned, and left.
“How are you feeling, sir?” Andy asked after the door closed.
“Oh, I’ll mend,” the King replied, unconcerned. “Now, come sit and tell me all about your trip.” He patted the covers near where he rested.
Andy hesitated. The King looks more tired than I’ve seen him before. Andy looked down at the covers as he sat, not wanting to speak.
Sensing his reluctance, the King probed, “Andy, what’s wrong?”
“I failed, sir. I didn’t come back with a red dragon scale.”
The King’s smile faded and his chest fell. “What happened?”
Andy began recounting the details of their trip, trying not to leave anything out. As he got to the part where he and Alden had seen vulture-men on the Great Wall, there came a loud, rapid knocking on the door.
“Enter,” instructed the King.
Alden threw open the door and rushed in. “Sorry to interrupt, sir,” he said, looking at the King. Without waiting for permission to speak, he rushed on, “Andy, I was in the dungeon helping clean things up when I found these on the floor.”
He held out his hand. Seven curved, shiny, red objects rested in his palm. “Do you know what these are?” A grin spread across his face.
Andy quickly looked between the objects and Alden. “Are they scales from Abaddon? But how?”
Then, looking at the King, Andy asked, “Is Abaddon a red dragon?”
“Yes, he is. Why?”
A smile burst forth across Andy’s face. “But where…?” He thought back to his battle with Abaddon. “I remember plunging Methuselah into his back...” He thought harder. “Right before I stabbed him…” Realization dawned, “That’s right! Just before, I slashed at Abaddon’s back…” 
“You must have cut these scales off,” Alden deduced. 
Andy gasped and jumped up, pumping his fists and yelling, “Yahoo!”
Alden and the King stared at the spectacle and started laughing.
After a minute, the magistrate interrupted, “Now, where were we? Please continue with your story, Andy.”

Andy picked up the tale, relating their brush with the vulture-people in the village of Oohhh, the King’s eyes grew wide. Andy told him about being trapped and then finding they had been drugged.
“I hate to think what might have happened to you if it weren’t for that gold key,” the King interjected.
Another knock at the door interrupted the moment. “Enter,” the King commanded.
Hans and Marta appeared.
“Thought I’d see how the patient is doing,” explained Hans, approaching the King to inspect.
“I brought you some chocolate chip cookies. Figured it might help you heal quicker,” Marta added with a wink and chuckle.
“Looks like you’re doing fine, Your Majesty,” Hans pronounced after performing his due diligence.
“Can’t keep a tough ogre like me down.”
“Tough ogre?” replied Hans. “I didn’t realize I’d been treating an ogre. Well, that certainly explains a few things.” He laughed.
The group chatted for several minutes until Marta excused herself to go work on lunch. Hans followed a minute later.
As the door shut, Andy picked up his narrative. The King grew more alarmed when Andy got to the part about avoiding being seen by the vulture-men patrolling the Great Wall. “Sir, it looks like Abaddon has gained control of the Wall, at least at that point—”
“—and at least part of the village of Oohhh,” the King finished Andy’s thought. He rubbed his chin, thinking. “What’s Abaddon up to this time?” he mused.
They heard another knock at the door.
“This is certainly a busy place today,” quipped the King, smiling. “Enter,” he called.
Mermin came in, hoisting up his robe and pushing his glasses back up his nose. “Good morning, sir. Thought I’d see how you’re doing.”
The King asked Andy to continue with the rest of the story. Andy finished and then paused, his thoughts returning to the voices he kept hearing. “Sir?”
“Yes, Andy.”
“When I’m battling something or in deep trouble, I keep hearing a man’s voice yelling at some crazy lady. I keep forgetting to mention it, but I heard it again when I was fighting Abaddon. Every time I’ve heard her, she sounded excited that I was in trouble. This time she shouted, ‘There’s nothing you can do to help him, Father. He’s going to die!’ And then the man’s voice yelled, ‘Imogenia, stop!’”
The King gave a tiny gasp and looked into Andy’s eyes. “Are you sure that’s what you heard?”

“Nnnoooo!” shrieked a shrill voice, filling the King’s chambers. “He couldn’t have gotten the dragon scale!”

Andy, Alden, Mermin and the King all looked toward the ceiling and then at each other, mouths gaping.
“That’s her! I’d recognize that voice anywhere!” Andy announced.
“Who was that?” asked Alden nervously.
“If I’m not mistaken, that was my sister Imogenia,” the King said slowly. He pondered a minute before adding, “Sounds like she’s not very happy about your success, Andy.”
Alden glanced between the King and Andy.
The sovereign shook his head. “Andy, when you told me about the message sphere, I had wondered if you’d been brought to break the curse, but wasn’t sure. Now I know…” His voice trailed off as he looked toward the window.
“Sir?” queried Andy.
“Imogenia was my sister.”
“Sir?”
“It was because of what I did to her that I brought the curse upon the land. Although they’ve never spoken to me, it appears my father and sister are somehow watching us even though they have passed on.”
No one said anything for several minutes. The King finally broke the silence when he called out, “Father?”
Silence.
“Father? Are you there?”
“I am here, son,” a man’s voice answered.
 Andy, Alden, and Mermin all looked at the King in amazement.
“Why didn’t you tell me you’re here?” the King inquired.
“You never asked.”
“Well, it never occurred to me to ask. I’ve never thought about talking to someone who has departed.”
“Open your mind.”
The King paused and thought for a moment, “How long have you been here, Father? How are you doing? Is Mother with you? Imogenia?”
“We are well.”
“Why are you here?”
“We are well.”
“I don’t understand. What do you mean when you say you’re here because you’re well.”
“Open your mind, my son.”
“Are you here to help break the curse?”
“We are well.”
“Ah, I see. You won’t say.” The King paused. “Well, can you at least say if you’re the one who’s been telling me things about Andy in my dreams, like his favorite foods and such, and giving me visions of what he’s doing?”
Andy quickly glanced at the King. “Really?”
The King shrugged his shoulders and raised his eyebrows.
Silence.
“Father?”
Silence.
“Mother?”
Silence.
The King sat thinking for another minute. He seemed to be debating something. Finally he called out, “Imogenia?”
A second later, they all heard the man’s voice commanding, “No, Imogenia! I forbid you!”
“Fine!” came a curt reply.
“Well, on that note…” continued the King. “Perhaps we should check in with them a bit later.”
Andy glanced at Alden and Mermin, unsure what he had just heard. Judging from the expression on their faces, they were as surprised as he.
“You boys have certainly demonstrated diligence and responsibility,” resumed the King, changing the subject. “I’m very proud of you. I’m sure when the time comes and others learn about what you’ve done, you will command great respect from all. You’ve earned it.”
Mermin nodded his agreement.
 The King smiled and said, “Please be sure not to tell anyone about anything you’ve seen or done just yet. As you know, we have more ingredients to collect. The fog still lingers. The curse is not yet broken.”
“Yes, sir,” said Andy and Alden in unison.
“So what’s the next ingredient we need to collect, and how will we know when the curse is broken?” asked Alden.
“I don’t know,” replied the King. “Perhaps we should consult the gold book. Hopefully it will tell us.”
The King was quiet for a minute.
“Sir,” Mermin broke the silence.
“Yes?”
“You looked twoubled.”
“I am, Mermin. First, I find that Abaddon has penetrated our northern wall and the village of Oohhh, and then I hear Imogenia reveling in Andy’s obstacles. That last outburst sounds like she may try to do more to thwart us. I’m still not sure if they’re connected, but when Methuselah appeared, I knew something bad was in the works,” he continued to ponder. “As I’ve said before, Methuselah does not appear except to overcome grievous wrongs. This is not good, not good at all.”
Andy stared at the King, remembering his earlier pronouncement. He suddenly felt ill.
Feeling the tension, Alden interrupted, “Where should we keep these?” He reached out to hand the red dragon scales to Andy, but hesitated. “Would you mind if I keep one?”
“No, go ahead,” responded Andy numbly, taking the remaining six. “I better go put these in the gold book for safekeeping.”
Andy was about to stand when his eyes caught sight of the purple crest on the King’s desk. “Can I ask you one more question, sir.”
“What is it, Andy?”
“Sir, where did you get that purple crest?”
The King looked over at his desk. “Bring it here, please.”
Andy did so. The sovereign studied it, slowly running his finger over the pattern. His eyes betrayed sadness.
“This used to be my family crest. When I dishonored my family, my father forbade me from using it anymore. The crest we currently use, I designed after that.” He sighed. “Why do you ask?”
Andy hesitated, remembering the note had told him not to mention the trunk to anyone. Surely it would be okay to tell the King, Mermin, and Alden, he thought. “Sir, the night before I came here, I was up in my attic during a thunderstorm. I had seen the light come on and then mysteriously turn off. I thought it was strange, so I went to investigate. In the dark, I tripped over an old trunk that I had never seen before. When I opened it, I saw what I think is a sheath for a dagger. It had this crest on it. I’m sure it was the same.”
The King’s eyes darted to Andy. His face took on a look of alarm and he opened his mouth to speak. But before he could utter a word, the four of them heard the thunderous roar of a woman yelling, “Andrew Farrin Smithson! What in the world do you think you’re doing?”
Instantly everything went black for Andy.

The next thing Andy knew, he was standing in front of the sink in his home, exactly where he had been just before being transported to the castle, what seemed ages ago. Water flowed everywhere. His pants were drenched. The floor was flooded. He dropped the six red dragon scales.
“What have you been doing, young man? I told you not to make a mess! Just look at this kitchen! Where did you get that blue T-shirt? And what is that thing hanging around your neck? What in the world have you been doing?”
“Mom!”
“I don’t want to hear it, Andy!”
 “No! This is terrible! How am I supposed to help break the curse if I’m here?” Then staring at the ceiling he shouted, “I’m sorry I said anything about the trunk. I need to go back! They need me! Send me back!” Andy protested, flailing his arms.
“Fred. Fred! Please come here and talk to your son!”
The Andy Smithson series continues with more adventures to retrieve secret ingredients needed to break the long-standing curse that plagues the land of Oomaldee in book 2, Venom of the Serpent’s Cunning.


Other books in the series:
Disgrace of the Unicorn’s Honor (Andy Smithson Book Three)
Resurrection of the Phoenix’s Grace (Book Four) – Coming Spring 2015
Book 5-7 Yet unnamed


Reviews
Be sure to let others know what you thought about this book. Submit your review here.

Contact the Author:
http://www.lrwlee.com
http://www.twitter.com/lrwlee
http://www.facebook.com/lrwlee


Discussion Questions
Parents, do you wish you could dive deeper into the
life principles included in this book with your child?  Go to
http://www.lrwlee.com/#!discussion-questions/c254y
for exercises designed to help your child adopt these principles.



