



Spellbound
Bear Matthew
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Bear Matthew
Chapter 1-
Two Years Ago…
“Do you guys think anything will change in high school?” Faye Duncan asked her three best friends, Hayley Roads, Savannah Cole, and Parker Kim. She was worried of what will happen in just a matter of a few weeks. It was the summer before freshman year and it was going great for them all. Hayley sat next to Faye and laughed at her. 
“Nothing will ever change. We are all best friends and we will get through high school together.” Hayley said in one of her rare nice moments. Hayley was the leader of the pack, the “queen bee” in town. She was notorious for having it her way or no way. She is a fiery redheaded beauty, with a small frame and at average height, you would not expect Hayley to be a “monster” as everyone called her, but she was. 
Faye was grateful for Hayley’s moment. Faye Duncan was a little overweight and Hayley liked to point it out whenever Faye desperately did not want her too. Faye had tried everything to lose the weight – even going vegan – but nothing worked. She was okay with how she looked when she was alone, but when she was out of her bedroom bubble, she felt insecure. That is why she decided to spice things up last week. Faye went to the salon with her mother and asked for a completely different haircut. She normally had shoulder length dark black hair – that matched her darker skin tone. Her mother was as white as snow but her father was Native American, so Faye looked like a mix between them. However, Faye wanted a change so she told her hairdresser to surprise her, which has lead to her new bob haircut. She did not mind it – in fact, she rather liked it. 
“Faye, you’re gonna love high school, there are so many more boys there.” Savannah Cole said as she was sitting across from Faye inside the old tree house of Hayley’s twin brother in Hayley’s backyard. It was where they went to talk in secret. Savannah was the most different from everyone in the group. She loved classic movies, old rock songs, writing in her journal, and dressing unlike her three friends. She did not care what others thought of her and most of the time ignored everyone. She was the “rebel” as Hayley liked to call her. Savannah did not see it that way. She has wavy blonde hair and since summer started, she has had blue streaks in her hair. She told her Grams it was because she needed to be a “free spirit”. Grams did not by it but let her do it anyway. Savannah’s father was in the army and her mother died a few years ago from cancer. It was hard for Savannah but she got through it with her best friends. 
“It’s not like you need to be looking for a boyfriend, you already have one.” Parker Kim said to Savannah. She was right; Savannah did not need to be looking for a boyfriend, she was already dating someone great. She was dating Trey Roads; Hayley’s twin brother. It had only been a few months but Savannah was having the time of her life. 
Hayley shot Savannah a look. Hayley did not approve of Savannah dating her brother but Savannah did not care all that much. She liked Trey and Hayley was her best friend, two separate worlds. Savannah shook off the stare. Parker caught the stare and knew she stepped in it. 
Parker Kim was sitting across from Hayley and on the other side of Faye. Parker and Faye have been best friends the longest out of all of them, since they played in the “sandbox” according to their parents. Parker’s dad is the town sheriff and Parker’s mom stayed at home or goes to day parties with her friends. Parker has dark brown hair and is skinny from playing tennis nonstop. She has been playing tennis since her father gave her a racket. At first it felt like something fun to do, but then she learned just how much her father wanted her to be playing, so she grew to love it. Now she will be starting on the Charm Harbor High Tennis Team in a few weeks and she is exceptionally nervous. They are some of the best players in the state of Washington. 
“Let’s play a game,” Hayley said. They all sighed when she said it. Playing games with Hayley was always life or death. It did not matter the game, Hayley made a way for it to get personal and cause fighting between them. Hayley changed the rules to all the games and loved throwing twist at them. She was manipulative, smart, and sometimes a bitch but they all loved her anyway. 
“What type of game?” Faye asked. 
“I’m thinking dare!” Hayley said. For these four friends playing the game Truth or Dare will never be the same again. Hayley got rid of the truth part, claiming, “Nobody ever tells the truth anymore” and played dare. The rules were simple. Whoever’s turn it was, got to dare each one of them, either together or individually. The girl’s all knew that daring Hayley to do something she did not want to do would send a riffle right through them. 
“Who gets to go first?” Savannah asked Hayley. 
“I do!” Hayley said. The girls knew she would say that. Hayley liked to go first in everything. 
“What a shock” Parker said underneath her breath but loud enough for Hayley to hear her. 
Hayley just flashed them a smile and said, “I’m gonna do a group dare.” A group dare meant that everyone had to do the dare together – expect the one who challenged him or her to the dare. 
“Hayley can’t we just play a different game?” Faye asked. 
“Don’t be such a big baby!” Hayley snapped at Faye. Hayley had a dark side and it was coming out. “I dare you to go inside the Blackwell Manor,” Hayley said. 
The girls looked out the one window of the tree house and saw the Blackwell Manor. It was a few houses down from Hayley’s house and it had a horror movie feel. The Blackwell Manor was the home of the infamous Blackwell family. The Blackwell family was in the history books, just not in the normal ones. They are famous in the supernatural world. The Blackwell family was one of the first families of witches that moved to the west coast. They were not your normal witches, but dark witches with dark magic. They terrorized people, killed them, and tried to take over the country now known as America. According to legend, a powerful witch went up against them and stopped them. This witch killed them but also gave up their own life to do so. The Blackwell family was forever gone and the Manor they once called home was now empty and famous for scaring little children. 
The girl’s did not know about the true story, just the one they all heard around town. An evil old man once lived in the house and killed anybody who entered. He died but his ghost still kills whoever dares to come inside. 
The girls left the tree house and walked down to the Blackwell Manor. Faye had begged Hayley to dare them to do something else. She was terrified of the house. However, Hayley stuck to her guns.
“Come on Hayley let’s do something else.” Savannah said. 
“We aren’t doing anything else. I called dare and you guys have to do it.” Hayley said. She was being a bitch about this. 
“Why do you have to be this way?” Savannah asked.
“Which way is that?” Hayley wanted to know.
“You’re being a bitch!” Parker said. 
“Ouch that hurts but it’s the game we decided to play. So, go in there get something from the second story and come out and show me.” Hayley told them.
“Wait you didn’t say anything about getting you some souvenir from inside.” Faye said. 
“Well I did now, so go…” Hayley said. 
Faye, Savannah, and Parker all looked at each other as they slowly walked to the front porch. They each stepped onto the porch steps and with each one they went up, they all made a cracking sound. The porch and steps looked like it had been years since walked on. 
“It’s okay, we go inside and then we grab something and were out.” Parker told them.
“This is stupid, Hayley has lost her mind.” Savannah said. 
“Yeah she has.” Faye added. 
“Let’s just get this over with.” Parker said. She reached for the door handle and it opened without Parker touching it. They all looked at each other. This was happening. They crept inside together. Once they got inside, Parker searched for a light switch but when she flipped it on nothing happened. “So there’s no power.” 
“What, how are we supposed to see?” Faye asked.
They started to walk around, feeling for something. Savannah found two candles. “Here” Savannah handed one of the unlit candles to Faye and when Faye touched it, it light up. A flame just appeared, like magic. “Holy crap” Faye said in shock. Savannah was just as surprised. 
“Did you do that?” Savannah asked Faye. 
“No I didn’t do anything. It just… appeared.” Faye told her. Parker came over to them. 
“What’s up?” Parker asked.
“The candle… it just lit up.” Savannah said. 
“Here let me see it.” Parker said. Faye handed her the candle and once Faye let go of it the flame vanished. Just like that. “Now that is freaky,” Parker admitted.
“Let me see it again.” Faye told Parker. She grabbed the candle back and once she was the only one holding the candle the flame appeared again. 
“What is going on?” Savannah wanted to know. 
“Let’s just do this.” Parker said. 
“It’s supernatural. It has to be. You people have read all those books and watched those movies. This is how it starts.” Faye said. 
“Sure it is Faye. It’s supernatural.” Savannah said sarcastically. 
They started to head up the stairs, Faye in front, as she had the light. “I still don’t get why I had to go first.” Faye said. 
“You have the candle and it only wants to work with you. So you went first.” Parker said. They got to the top of the stairs and went onto the second floor. It had the same stair railing across the entire hall of the second floor. It was open to the first floor. Straight ahead, hanging on the ceiling above the first floor is a chandelier. On the wall is a bunch of bookshelves filled with things. Faye started to look down the long hallway. 
“It’s really creepy in here,” Faye said. 
“Let’s just pick something off of the shelf here.” Parker said. Faye went over to them and moved the light showing the shelves. Savannah reached out and picked up a large heavy book. 
“What about this?” Savannah said. Faye moved the light closer to the cover and they saw just a symbol on it. It was a triquetra. Savannah ran her fingertips over the symbol. Something about it seemed powerful to Savannah. She tried to open the book but it would not budge. “I can’t open it.” She told them.
“Here let me see it,” Parker said. She reached for the book and touched it as Savannah was still touching it. For a split second, Parker began to see darkness. She started to feel weightless, as if she was having an out of body experience. She came back just as fast as she went. She was horrified from what she just saw. It played out like a movie clip. Once it was there, it was gone. She looked at Savannah and Faye and was speechless. 
“Are you okay?” Faye asked Parker.
“Um… Yes” NO! Parker had just seen the future. She had just experienced a premonition. She did not know what it was but she knew what she saw. Parker had just witnessed Faye, Savannah, and herself as they died together. They were not much older than they are now. It felt so real to Parker. She could feel her future self-die. It was haunting. 
“Here let me try!” Faye set the candle down on a small table in the hallway. They scooted over to the light and Faye reached for the book. The moment all three of their hands touched it at the same time, the triquetra symbol on the cover shined. It was as if they had just turned it on. It was as bright as a light could be. Then it was gone and the book started to feel a little weird to all three of them. The book started to shake, it flipped open, and the pages inside the old book started to flip as well. It was as if they were flipping them – but they were not. The book stopped on one page and they all looked in closely. 
“Spellbound?” They all said, just as confused at each other. “What does this mean?” Savannah asked. 
“I don’t know” Parker said. 
They all started to read the entire page at the same time chanting aloud – without knowing it:
Fire and Water, Earth and Air
We call upon this ancient power
Hear these words; hear our call
Send the power and bless us be
Spellbound the power of three
They did not notice that they were all saying it together at the same time at first. However, once they noticed it, they could not stop. The house started to shake and once they finished they noticed a bright light behind them. They turned around and saw the chandelier light up with bright lights. Not just a normal power light but a heavenly one, they all thought. The light was so bright they should look away but they cannot. The house was still shaking like an earthquake but they did not feel it. Things were falling off shelves and wood was breaking but it did not bother them. This light enchanted them. They could feel it rushing over them. 
The light started to dwindle and then it stopped. They could suddenly feel everything going on. They noticed as the chandelier was starting to break from the ceiling and then it just SNAPPED. Before it hit the ground, they all heard one thing, a girl’s scream. 
They looked over the railing and saw Hayley lying underneath the chandelier – not moving. They all slowly let go of the book at the same time and it just fell to the floor. They all rushed down the stairs and to Hayley. They tried moving the chandelier but it was too heavy. 
“Somebody call for help!” Faye shouted. Savannah went running outside calling for help. Parker just looked at Hayley. She was not moving, blood was starting to come out of her body and Parker knew. Hayley was dead. “We have to do something!” Faye continued to shout. 
Parker just stood there, her face turning blank. One of her best friends was dead and they caused it. Savannah was running back, “How is she?” 
“She’s not moving or saying anything!” Faye cried.
“She’s dead. Hayley is dead.” Parker bluntly said. She did not have any emotions in her face or voice. It was as if she was dying inside as well. To her it felt like she was. 
“What do we do?” Savannah asked. 
“We wait for help to come and save her.” Faye said. Savannah and Faye were crying. Parker sat down next to Hayley and grabbed her hand. She slowly started to break down. 
Hayley Roads was dead but in that same moment something was born, just nobody knew it. The universe has forever altered these three teenage girls. Their destiny awaits them and magic becomes them. 
Chapter 2-
Two Years Later… 
“Your brother’s going to be excited to see you.” Grams said as they pulled into the driveway. Savannah Cole was back in Charm Harbor, and it felt like nothing had changed. After Hayley’s death Savannah needed a change. It was too much to be here every day with all the memories. Therefore, she had left town and moved to California to live with her father the beginning of freshman year. It was now the day before junior year and Savannah was not happy that she was back. Her father was shipping out and she needed supervised. She had begged her dad to let her stay with one of her friends on the base but he forced her to return home to Grams. However, it did not feel much like home for her anymore. She had not been back in those two years, had not seen her brother or Grams since last winter for Christmas when they visited, and she had not seen or talked to Faye or Parker since she left. Things had changed, yet stayed the same. The circle of life, thought Savannah. 
Grams parked in the driveway and turned off the car. She got out as Savannah just stared at the house she grew up in, the same house her mother grew up in, until… her death. Her mom died a year and a half before her grandpa and six months before Hayley. Savannah was not having the best luck with life. The house looked just the same, as did the town when they drove through it. The house was an older home that Grams had to take care of all alone. 
“Well, are you coming?” Grams asked Savannah when she got out of the car. Savannah nodded. She loved this house, yet hated it at the same time. There was nothing in the town that did not remind her of her former best friend. She got out of the car and grabbed her bag from the backseat. It was the middle of the afternoon and Savannah had only just gotten back to Washington a few hours ago. Her Grams came and picked her up in Seattle – the closest airport. It was a few hours out of town and the whole drive Savannah just moped. She had left her new life back in California, her new friends, her school, her ex-boyfriend, and her dad. Her dad was all she had left of her mom – besides her grandmother and brother of course. 
Savannah looked down the street. Nothing had changed in two whole years. What was wrong with these people?, Savannah asked herself. Grams went inside the house and Savannah followed her. 
The moment Savannah went in she noticed it was as if she was brought back in time. To when her grandmother’s fresh baked cookies made the house smell so good, or when her and Hayley would play dress up, and all the girls would come over for a sleepover and those late night talks about who they were crushing on that week. Savannah began to feel her eyes water up. She quickly wiped it away – trying to be strong was easy or at least pretending to be was. She walked through the foyer and into a large open space. There was a table with fresh cut flowers, probably from Grams garden, assumed Savannah. From the table there was a perfect 360 degree of the whole house. The stairs behind her against the wall, the family room close by the front door, the living room with all the pictures in front of Savannah, the dining room to her left and the kitchen next to it. She could not see the kitchen from where she was, but she wanted too. It was her favorite place in the whole house – probably the whole world. 
She went into the kitchen and saw her Grams already starting up dinner. “How does it feel to be back?” Grams asked. Savannah just took in the whole place with one deep breath. 
“It’s weird I guess.” Savannah said. “I just pictured you changing things. I mean I pictured the whole town changing. But it didn’t, everything’s the same.” 
Grams pulled out a large dish from the fridge and placed it on top of the stove. She turned the oven on and placed it inside it. She turned and looked at Savannah who had taken a seat at the counter. “Things have changed; it’s just not too noticeable. Change happens every moment of our lives, but it doesn’t mean we have to change with it.” Grams said. “But we have to adapt.”
Wise, thought Savannah. “But if we don’t change with change then aren’t we just staying the same, and isn’t the same… boring.” 
Grams smiled at Savannah and sat down next to her. “Honey, the same isn’t always boring. I have lived in this house for almost forty years. I have lived here with your grandfather, we raised your mother here, and now I am raising you and your brother here. Why would I want to change more than I already have?”
“I guess when you put it like that.” Savannah said with a smile. 
“Now, would you like to help me with dinner?” Grams asked Savannah. “Like old times?” 
Savannah had not thought much about how much she missed her Grams, but as she sits here with her, she knows just how much. “I would love too.” 
“Good, now go wash your hands and grab an apron.” Grams told Savannah. 

Savannah and Grams had dinner almost done when a familiar face walked in through the back door. It was George, Savannah’s not so little brother. “What’s this?” George asked when he saw Savannah and Grams cooking dinner just like normal. 
Savannah turned to look at her little brother. He was taller than she is, with short blonde hair and his ears pierced. He had lost his baby fat and turned into a good-looking young man. He was only a year younger than Savannah but he did not look it. Savannah went over to him; her hands dirty, and reached her arms around him for a hug. “I’ve missed you.” She told him. He gave her a quick hug and stepped back for her to let go. He seemed upset. 
“What is it?” Grams asked George, as he looked at both of them and was just steaming. 
“You’re kidding right?” George said. “You think you can just leave for two years and then come back and act like there is nothing different, like you did not even leave. News flash you left, you can’t just go back.” He quickly left the kitchen and stomped his way up to his room where Savannah and Grams heard him slam his door. 
“Sweetie he didn’t mean it. He’s just…” Grams said as she tried to find a word to describe George. 
“It’s fine. He is right; I should not just act as if nothing is different. I left and I can’t just come in and change things for him.” Savannah said. She took off her apron and set it on the counter. “I’m sorry but I’m just gonna go to my room.” 
“Savannah you don’t have to do that. It is okay; he is just upset and missed you. He’s a teenage boy with emotions it’s typical.” Grams said. 
“Yeah typical” Savannah said as she left the kitchen and went to her room. Things had changed and so far, Savannah did not like it. 

The next morning Savannah woke up to a blaring alarm clock. The catch was it was not even hers. She tried to cover her ears with a pillow but that was not working. She sat up; her hair all messed up. It was not her normal straight blonde hair but a frizzy mess. She got out of bed and opened her door. The noise was coming from George’s room. She found herself walking towards it. She opened his door and looked at his bed. It was empty. George was not even in it. She went and turned off his alarm clock and headed to the bathroom. George and Savannah shared a bathroom down the hall – while Grams had her own in the master bedroom. She turned the old antique door handle and opened the bathroom. It was also empty. 
Savannah flipped the light switch on and rubbed her eyes. She turned to look in the mirror and saw what she could only classify as a monster. It freaked her out for a quick moment and in that split-second she blinked. She did not know what was happening and it happened so fast it was hard to tell anything happened at all. One moment she was staring at herself in the mirror and the next, she was not even in the bathroom. Then as that second ended, she was back in the bathroom. It was as if she moved, blinked and poof. She did not see anything when it happened, just black. She felt light headed and so she gripped onto the bathroom counter to hold on to as she caught up with her mind. It was a head rush. She looked at herself again and nothing changed. 
What the hell was that?, Savannah wondered. It freaked her out more than her hair did. She went back to her room slowly and grabbed some clothes. It was nothing; she forced herself to say in her thoughts repeatedly. She then was dressed and headed down stairs. 
Grams was already in the kitchen – ready for the day –cooking breakfast, when Savannah walked in. The room filled with some of the most delicious smells. She looked at the table in the corner and saw every type of breakfast food there was to eat. “What’s all this?” Savannah asked Grams as she grabbed a piece of bacon and took a bite. 
“It’s the first day of school and so I thought I would do something special.” Grams told Savannah. “Where’s George?” 
“What do you mean?” Savannah asked as she piled food onto a plate. 
“Is he almost done getting ready?” Grams wondered. 
Savannah gave her a confused stare, “He’s not upstairs. I figured he got up early and went to school to avoid me.” She told Grams. 
“He didn’t leave this house this morning.” Grams said. Savannah and Grams began to worry. 
“Maybe he was just super quiet?” Savannah said. 
“Not possible. I was sitting in the family room before I started breakfast and I did not see or hear anything. Not a peep.” 
Grams began to worry. She sat down at the table next to Savannah and waited for something to happen. Savannah was not sure what he was doing or where he was but she was not worried. He probably just snuck out and has not come back home. Savannah did it all the time to meet up with the girls. They would sneak out and meet up at the twenty-four hour diner in town. They would order milkshakes and just talk. It was a rush to them, something to make them feel dangerous. It was probably just the same thing for George, but he did it for a girl. 
The house was suspiciously quiet when they heard a loud thump upstairs. Grams and Savannah went upstairs to check it out and of course, Savannah took her bacon with her. It was delicious and her dad did not cook like this. Grams rushed into George’s room and saw him getting up from the floor, still wearing the clothes from last night. 
“And what do you think you are doing young man?” Grams asked George. Her mean face was out or it was her worried face, Savannah could not really tell the difference. 
“I just was, um… getting ready for school.” George said. Nice lie, thought Savannah. 
“You are still wearing the same clothes as last night.” Grams said. 
“Um… well I…” George could not even come up with a good excuse. Such amateur, Savannah thought. 
“Don’t lie to me again young man.” Grams told him.
“Fine, you want to know where I was. I was out with friends. I was planning to get back before you got up or you noticed I was gone.” George said. It sounded like the truth because he was pissed off as he told Grams. “But let me guess, Savi went and told you I wasn’t in my room.” 
“Don’t go and put the blame on your sister. She wasn’t the one who snuck out to meet friends all night.”
“That’s because she doesn’t have any. Her friends moved on, just as she did. So do not go and blame me for having a good time. I am back before school, safe, and sound. What’s the big deal?” George said. 
“The big deal is that you’re grounded for one week. You will go from here, to school, and practice, that is it. In addition, give me your phone and computer. You are not allowed them back until your ungrounded.” Grams said as she took his phone and computer. “You never acted like this before. So if this is how you’re gonna act then I don’t like it.” 
Grams stormed out of the room, passed Savannah who was standing in the doorway. George was angry. He looked at Savannah and said, “What’s your problem?” 
“Nothing, just wanted to let you know that there was breakfast downstairs. The bacon’s really good.” Savannah told him as she went back downstairs. 
She reached the bottom of the stairs when the doorbell rang. “I got it.” Savannah said as she walked over to the front door. She opened it and standing on the front porch was an old friend, Parker Kim to be exact. 
“Parker” Savannah said. She was surprised to see her old best friend at her house. Parker stood there, looking the same. She had her shoulder length brown hair, skinny body, and she looked great. 
Parker looked at Savannah and gave her a big smile. She was not as surprised to see Savannah as Savannah was to see her. They hugged. “Savi, wow you look great.” Parker said. 
They stopped hugging, “What, how did you know I was back?” Savannah asked Parker. That was a good question. 
“I didn’t.” Parker said. It sounded like a lie but Savannah did not care. She was glad to see Parker. “I was actually coming by to… I guess I don’t remember now.” 
Savannah smiled, “It’s great to see you. It’s been forever.” 
“Two years last week.” Parker said. 
Savannah remembered. The day still haunted her dreams and was the cause of most of her nightmares. Seeing Hayley lying there with blood all over the floor, she could not get that image out of her head. “Would you like to come in?” Savannah asked Parker. 
“Yeah I’d love to.” Parker said as she stepped into the house. It felt the same for her as it did for Savannah. This house held so many memories of Hayley and all their friendships. She looked around; it had been two years since she had been here. Once Savannah moved, it did not seem okay to come by and hang out anymore. “So what are you doing back?” 
“I moved back, yesterday actually.” Savannah told Parker. They walked to the middle of the house. It was weird for both of them to be here with each other. 
“Really, you should have called. It would’ve been great to hear from you.” Parker told Savannah. 
“I just figured since we hadn’t talked in two years that it would be weird to start now.” Savannah said. Just saying it sounded stupid. They had once been closer than sister, best friends forever they had said. Now they just felt like old acquaintances. 
“Yeah I guess it would’ve been.” Parker said. 
Grams came out of the kitchen looking for Savannah, “Savannah who was at the…” she saw Parker, “door”. She gave Parker a warm welcome smile and said, “I haven’t seen you in a while.” Parker and Grams hugged. Grams had been like all of the girl’s very own grandmother. They called her Grams and it felt right. 
“Mrs. Turner, it’s great to see you.” Parker said. 
“Oh honey you know you call me Grams.” Grams told her. Parker’s face lit up a bit. She had missed this. 
“Grams, I’ve missed you.” Parker said. Savannah stood there, watching them and realizing she had too missed this. At least if she had to be back why it then could not be more like old times. 
“We’ve missed you around here too.” Grams said. “You can stop by at anytime; I would love to see you.” 
“I just might do that.” Parker told her. 
“Would you like breakfast? I made a ton of food. Please come in and have some.” Grams invited her. 
“I would love to but I really should be getting to school. I have to walk.” Parker said. 
“Well I can drive you in, with Savannah.” Grams offered. 
“Actually maybe I’ll just walk in with Parker.” Savannah said. 
“That would be great.” Parker said. “I could use the company and this way we catch up.” 
“Okay well you two have a nice walk.” Grams gave Savannah a hug and Parker one too. 
Savannah and Parker headed for the front door and out they went. 


Chapter 3-
“Let’s go gladiators, let’s go!” shouted all the girls – and the two males – on the Charm Harbor High cheer squad. They were in formation and began to perform their newest routine. Throughout the pack of cheerleaders, one sticks out. That would be Faye Duncan, It was not because of her half Native American heritage or because she was strikingly beautiful, but because she made her way to the top of the pyramid. She was on top and nothing was going to take her down. 
She shouted out, “We are the gladiators we got this.” She stood on one foot and put her hand into a fist into the air. This was natural for her. She put her hand down and jumped backwards into a back flip. The job of catching her was Gavin and Mikes. They were the only two male cheerleaders on the team and that was enough of a qualification to catch the captain of the squad and, that is what they did. She bounced back out of their strong muscular arms and on to the ground. The other girls made their way down as well. They finished the routine with another cheer, “Let’s win, let’s fight, let’s kick their butts, because we are what?” some of the girls shouted. 
The other half of the girls shouted, “Gladiators!” 
Faye Duncan looked nothing like the Faye everyone in town once knew and loved. Her hair was long and wavy now, she had lost all the extra weight that Hayley had told her countless of times to lose, and became the girl in school known as the “queen bee”. It came with its own set of challenges though. She had not eaten a bad carb in a year, had not stopped working out either. She was the new and transformed Faye Duncan. 
“Nice job Faye” the girls began to tell her. Coach Burton came up to the girls. She was a tiny woman with a whole head of blonde curly hair. 
“Okay girls let’s go ahead and take a five.” Coach told them. Faye went over to the bench with her water bottle on it and took down a swig. “Faye, can I talk to you for a minute.” 
“Sure,” Faye told coach. 
“You did great up there.” Coach said. 
“Thanks coach.” Faye said. “Is that it?” 
“No actually I have decided for the next cheer to have Alyssa be on top.” Coach said. The words came out of her mouth but Faye was not fully taking them in. 
“I’m sorry what?” 
“I know you might not like it but I want to see Alyssa up there.” 
“But coach that is… ridiculous. Who even is Alyssa?” Faye said. 
“Alyssa, please come here.” Coach called over a new freshman who Faye thought about crushing with her long legs. “This is Alyssa. I want to see her up there.” 
“That is… bullshit. I have worked my ass off to be on top. I’m not going to just let you or anyone take it away.” Faye shouted. The girls began to take notice. 
“Don’t speak to me like that Faye. I understand you have worked hard, but I am coach and it is my final say on who goes up on top. Today Alyssa is going on top. End of story.” Coach said. “You may sit on the bench.” 
Faye was fuming. She was so pissed. The girls began to huddle around coach as she told her. Some seemed shocked; others – Faye’s haters – did not mind it. Faye took a seat on the bench watching as her own squad was being ripped from her hands. All Faye could think about was how bad she wanted the girl to get off her spot. 
Just fall, Faye thought. She stared at the girl as they lifted her up to the top. This was Faye’s demise. 
Faye just stared at the girl, all her anger reaching a boiling point in her body and suddenly there went the girl. What should have been a simple back flip down to the guys was anything but. Faye watched as Alyssa somehow flew from the top of the pyramid to down the field. It was as if a gust of wind had just taken her. However, something in Faye knew it was her, she just knew it. 
I just did that, Faye thought to herself. How?
 The entire team gasped so loud it caused the football team practicing down field to take notice. Some of the girl’s began to scream as they all ran down to Alyssa. Faye just sat there, motionless, speechless, and freaked out. 
“Someone call for help!” Coach shouted to the girls. They ran back towards the bench to grab their cells. 
One of the girls coming back towards Faye was Sam Mouson. She was one of Faye’s best friends and fellow ruler of Charm Harbor High. Everyone called her one of her minions. “Did you see what just happened?” Sam asked Faye. 
Faye turned to look at Sam. She was a kind of short, with brown hair and a small little nose. For the first time since they had become friends in freshman biology class Faye could see why Hayley would call her “mousey”. It caused her to chuckle a little, easing the tension she was feeling. “I saw it. It looked like wind took her.” Faye lied. She was not about to tell her that it was caused by her mind or by magic. 
“I can’t believe it.” Sam said. She grabbed her phone and went running back to everyone. By now football players and their coaches surrounded them. 
Faye got up and instead of heading to them to see if Alyssa was okay, she went to the locker room. She hated this, this emotion of feeling like a freak. She had felt like a freak most of her life, but in the last two years she had only felt this way once in a while. Moments like this caused it. They seemed like freak accidents; a rival of her football player boyfriend fell on the field during a game letting her boyfriend get a touchdown, the light turning green when she waited in traffic – not that Charm Harbor had that much traffic – and when she wanted other flirty girls to get away from her boyfriend. They all had one common denominator besides Faye herself, it always happened when she was mad. 
Faye stormed into the empty locker room, which smelt like sweat and perfume. Everybody used the same girl’s locker room in school. Faye stood there in the middle, steaming from her anger of feeling like a freak. She just wanted to feel normal again. She went over to her locked locker and tried opening it. She could not concentrate on her combination. She grabbed on the lock and just pulled but nothing. Why did I lock my locker?, Faye wondered. She stared at the lock and somehow it opened. Just popped up, unlocking. 
“What the hell is going on?” Faye said to herself in an empty locker room. She took a seat on the concrete benches and placed her head in her hands. She hated this. She just wanted it over. 
Chapter 4-
“So how have you been?” Savannah asked Parker as they walked to school. 
“I’ve been good. What about you?” Parker asked Savannah. 
“Fine I guess. It’s just weird being back.” Savannah told her. 
“Why did you come back?” Parker wondered. 
“My dad he’s shipping back out and so I came back to stay with my grandmother.” Savannah said. As they walked to school, Savannah began to notice all the houses she would walk by all the time. The one with the gnomes, the one with the bird fountain, and the one that was weirdly painted bright orange like a large pumpkin. She used to walk past these houses every day after school and now it just felt weird. 
“That sucks.” Parker said. 
It royally did, Savannah thought. 
“I’m glad you came back. I have missed you. I’ve missed a lot of things.” Parker said.
“So what’s changed? It seems like nothing has. It’s still Bart’s Barbeque and Susie’s Sweet Treats?” Savannah wondered. She loved going to Bart’s, they had the best ribs, and Susie has had the best homemade ice cream. On a rare hot summer day, the girl’s would go and get an ice cream cone.
“Yeah it’s all still here. However, things have changed. I mean look at you. The last time I saw you had blue in your hair. What happened?” Parker asked. 
“The Army’s not to keen on freedom of style choices, but other than that I’m pretty much the same. What about you?” Savannah said. 
“I’m pretty much the same, just studying and tennis.” Parker coyly said. She was hiding something. 
“What about Faye? How’s she?” Savannah asked.
“Now there’s change. She is not the same old Faye. I think she took Hayley’s death hard.” 
“You think?” Savannah asked. 
“We aren’t so close anymore.” Parker said.
“What!” Savannah was shocked. They had been friends longer than any of them were, since the sandbox. “What happened?” 
“Hayley died. You moved away, Faye changed and other things happened.” Parker said.
“What things?” Savannah asked. 
“Just things” Parker said. They started to walk in silence. Being former friends did not mean that they would not keep things from each other. 

Parker and Savannah were more than halfway to school when they had to stop at one of the few stoplights in town. Parker leaned against it and started to gasp. She could breathe and it was not the first time exactly. She went black, seeing nothing but darkness for a quick moment. Then she was back. It was swift and simple, but something about it freaked not just Savannah out but Parker. 
“Are you okay?” Savannah asked Parker when she stopped gasping. Parker looked up at Savannah who was a little scared. Just how she felt when she blinked this morning and for a second was not there but then was. 
“Yeah I just… I have to…” Parker started to look around, she was searching for something. “No… no… it can’t be.” She was staring down at the road at a car coming towards the light. She looked down the other way and a large truck was coming too. The light turned yellow and neither car was slowing down. “No, Stop!” Parker shouted at the small minivan coming towards the truck. The woman driving it looked back to the backseat and was not stopping, Savannah stood there watching Parker as she freaked out. 
“What’s happening?” Savannah asked Parker. Parker gave her a look that said she was about to do something dangerous. 
“Stay back” she told Savannah. Before Savannah could say anything Parker ran into the street. 
“NO!” Savannah screamed at Parker. Parker put her hands up for the minivan to stop. The street was a one way, one way at a time. 
“STOP” Parker shouted again. The woman driving was not paying any attention. She turned back to look at the road and saw Parker, but it was too late. Savannah ran into the street, pulling Parker away from the car. 
“NO!” Parker screamed as she watched the events unfold. The minivan tried stopping but it was not fast enough as the truck plowed right into it. In the moment that the loud crash happened, Savannah blinked. It was for a split second and then she was back in the same place. Just like before. Parker did not see as she ran to toward the accident. Nobody saw Savannah blink, thank goodness. 
Savannah followed Parker to the accident. Parker flung into action, opening the driver door to get the woman out of the van. She was bleeding from hitting the smashed windshield. Savannah looked into the back seat, afraid of what she might see, but she looked anyway. She saw nothing. There was not anybody in the backseat. “There’s nobody in the backseat!” Savannah shouted to Parker. 
The woman looked up, barely able to keep consciousness and said, “I just dropped them off. I…I was reaching for my son’s lunchbox.” She said. She closed her eyes again as Parker laid her on the ground far enough away from the accident. Savannah went to look at the driver of the truck. It did not even look like it had a scratch on it. The driver opened his door and got out. He was in his early twenties and not too shabby looking. 
“Are you okay?” Savannah asked him. He looked up at her, and then looked at the damage. 
“I’m fine. What about the other driver?” He asked. 
“I don’t know.” Savannah said. What she did not know right now could fill the library of congress. 
Chapter 5-
Faye got ready for school in the locker room. The other girl’s from the cheer squad had come in too and changed for class. Everyone was talking about Alyssa, while Faye just stayed quiet. Her thoughts were already loud enough. 
“I just can’t believe it. It doesn’t even make any sense.” One of the girls said. “It makes complete sense. The wind must have thrown her off. She weighs only like fifteen pounds.” Another girl said. 
“I just don’t even understand why she was up there in the first place, Faye do you know why?” Sam asked. Faye ignored her. 
“It’s probably because Faye’s gaining some weight. I won’t blame the girls who have to hold her for wanting someone lighter.” Josie said. Josie Smart was a complete bitch, or at least that is how Faye liked to describe her. She was Faye’s biggest rival. 
“Shut your pie hole Josie.” Sam defended Faye who was on the verge on wanting to punch Josie in the face, but she knew better. Punching Josie in the face meant getting angry and getting angry means the uncertain. 
“We both know that I’m not the one eating pie.” Josie said. Faye slammed her locker door shut and left the locker room. Sam followed her. 
“What’s up with you? You do not even say anything mean back to Josie. At least you could have told her to shut up or something. What’s up?” Sam said. 
“I just need some space.” Faye said. 
“What, from me? You’re my best friend in the whole wide world.” Sam said sarcastically. 
Faye bluntly stopped in the middle of the hallway. She turned to Sam and said, “Do you believe in the supernatural?” Sam stared back at her, confused. “Like the paranormal?”
“You mean do I believe in like vampires or werewolves or…” Sam said with a laugh, “witches?” 
Witch, Faye thought. “I guess that’s a no.” Faye said and kept walking. The halls were filling up with students who were coming back to school for the first time all summer, seeing some of their friends since last year, Faye was jealous of them. She could not believe it but she was. She wished she went somewhere this summer, did something memorable, came back to town and met up with her friends. However, Faye did not do anything memorable this summer – not unless you count going on a family vacation to the lake house – which Faye did not. Something memorable meant something new and a drive with her entire family bickering was not something new. 
Faye and Sam went to first period AP English. They got their usual seats in the middle of the classroom and sat down. Faye just sat there silently, thinking. She could not get the idea of being a witch out of her mind. Maybe that is what I am, a witch, she thought. It sounded crazy and Faye knew it but it also sounded probable. 
The class was filling up and the teacher came in. He was in his late twenties, dark brown hair and freckles. Sam noticed his good body, “Check that out, I would love to be one of his naughty students so he can spank me.” She said. It got a laugh out of Faye, but it quickly faded when she saw Parker come into class. Parker started to come in, just as the bell was going off. Faye found it strange. Parker was always on time – in fact usually the first one to class. As Parker stepped through the doorway, the door started to close when it stopped. Parker looked back at the door as it opened again and in came Savannah. 
“Savannah!” Faye said loudly causing everyone in class to look. Savannah saw Faye and smiled, she was as surprised by what Faye looked like. Faye just stared and did not smile back. She assumed Faye was in shock, but did not give it much time to contemplate as she followed Parker to the back of the room. They sat down next to each other in the far back row. Faye could not stop staring at Savannah and Parker. Thinking, what is she doing back?
The bell stopped ringing and Mr. Pratt addressed his first period class, “Okay class, for anyone who doesn’t already know my name, it is…” he said as he wrote it down on the chalkboard, “Mr. Pratt. I know most of you from last year but there seems to be some new faces in class. Do you all want to stand up and introduce yourselves? Don’t worry you don’t have to.” 
Savannah thought about it, but with an introduction like that from Faye, what was the point. Savannah could not get what Faye looked like off her mind. She looked nothing like the old Faye. “I told you that Faye’s changed.” Parker said. 
“You were right.” Savannah said back to Parker. “I just can’t believe she looks like that!” 
“Yeah and she’s also popular now. In fact she’s the new queen bee.” Parker told the news to a shocked Savannah. 
Parker and Savannah had waited with the woman until help came and then raced to school. Savannah wanted to ask Parker how she knew that was gonna happen and what the whole, not being able to breathe thing was about, but she didn’t. She figured there was a time and place to ask her and to tell her about her own supernatural problem. 

The bell rang and class was over. Mr. Pratt had talked to them about a fall reading list and every book he expected them to read for class. He also talked about what everyone should expect in class and his rules on things like late papers. The moment the bell rang everyone jumped out of their seats and went straight to the doors. Faye was out of there like a bad habit. Savannah tried to get to her before she got lost in the crowds of students in the hallway. “Faye wait” Savi said. 
Savannah went right out of the classroom, turned the corner and found she was hitting something very hard – and it was not a wall. She dropped her books to the ground. Savannah looked up and saw a very cute tall dark stranger standing in front of her. He was a few inches taller than she was and when Savannah hit his chest, it was rock hard. She looked up at his face and saw his super mysteriously hot dark eyes and square jaw. He was wearing dark jeans, a v-neck t-shirt and a leather jacket. He radiated from cool and hotness. 
“Sorry” Savannah mumbled out as she reached down to grab her books. At the same moment, he reached down to help her, causing them to bump heads. “Ouch” she said. She smiled awkwardly. Then he smiled, wow, Savannah thought. He had a perfect smile, matching his perfect looks. He was oddly pale though, reminding Savannah of those vampire movies she never saw. She was more of a classic’s type girl. 
“It’s okay,” he said. Even his voice was amazing, thought Savannah. “I’m gonna reach down and pick up your books for you.” He said, giving Savannah pre-warning. He picked up her stuff and handed it to her. “I’m Sebastian,” he said. 
Sebastian, that sounds hot, thought Savannah. “I’m Savannah.” She told him. They both gave each other a smile. “Do you go here?” she wondered. 
“Not exactly, I used to. I was just reminiscing, how about you?” 
“Yeah I do. In fact I’m probably going to be late to class.” Savannah said. 
“Well we wouldn’t want that.” Sebastian said. 
Parker came out of the classroom and saw Savannah and Sebastian talking. She did not know him, not exactly, but she knew something. She rushed over to Savannah, grabbed her arm, and pulled her away with her. “Let’s go, class isn’t going to wait.” Parker said. 
“Well bye” Savannah said as Parker pulled her away. Parker stopped and let go of her arm a few feet away from where Savannah was. “What’s the deal?” 
“Do you know him?” Parker asked, although it did not feel like a question that she had an option of answering. 
“No, I just ran into him. His name’s…” Savannah said.
“Sebastian. His name is Sebastian and he’s a bad guy.” Parker told her. 
“Really like how?” Savannah wondered. 
“He’s dangerous just do me a favor and stay away from him. I don’t want to see you get hurt.” Parker was saying this as if she had some viable information on the subject. 
“Okay I’ll stay away from him. Besides I got class.” Savannah said. She started to walk away. Parker looked back to where Sebastian and Savannah were. Sebastian was still standing there, just staring at Parker. His look seemed oddly haunting. He looked at her as if he knew her and her him. Parker seemed bothered by him. Sebastian smiled and Parker turned around when Savannah said, “Well are you coming?” 
Parker and Savannah went off to class, as Sebastian just stared at them, smiling. Something about him was off, but it was not. He seemed happy to see them. 
Chapter 6-
Now lunchtime at Charm Harbor High and it seemed to be an imitation of a circus. There were people everywhere, things happening, and the only thing that did not mimic the circus was the bad cafeteria food. Savannah and Parker had made a plan to meet up at lunch after second period. They did not have any more classes together after that, and neither had any with Faye. 
Parker entered the cafeteria, scanning the place for Savannah. She spotted her in line so she walked over to her. They had not seen each other since second period, and after two years apart, it felt weird. 
“Hey I’m gonna get a spot.” Parker told Savannah. Savannah was next in line. 
“Okay I’ll find you.” Savannah told Parker. 
“Meat loaf or Lasagna?” the lunch-lady said to Savannah. 
“Um…the meat loaf” Savannah said. 
“I wouldn’t, it’s pretty gross.” A voice said from behind her. She turned around to find a super good-looking jock. She knew he was a jock from his team jacket, but that did not really matter. He had looks of a GQ model. His dark brown hair hung at his eyes – which were super blue – and a body that she could tell was probably amazing. 
“So is the lasagna’s better?” Savannah asked him. 
“A little, but don’t expect too much.” He said. 
“I’m Savannah.” She told him.
“I’m Crosby. It’s nice to meet you.” Crosby said. 
“I’m Mrs. Underwood and now that were all acquainted, lasagna or meat loaf?” Apparently, Mrs. Underwood had some place better to be. 
“Lasagna” Savannah said. She flashed Crosby a little smile. 
“Good choice.” Crosby said. “I’ll take lasagna too please.” He said. 
“I hope, because otherwise you’ve let me down and I don’t even know you.” Savannah said. 
“Really, cause you seem super familiar for some reason.” Crosby said. 
“I get that a lot.” Savannah said. 
“Oh well if I think of where I know you from then I’ll come and tell you.” Crosby said.
“You better.” Savannah said as she paid for her lunch. “It was nice to meet you Crosby.” 
“Nice to meet you too Savannah” he said. 
Savannah went looking for Parker in all the chaos. She was sitting down in the far back by the door that leads to the outside eating area. 
“Hey” Savannah said as she sat down at the round table. 
“Hey” Parker said. “Who were you talking too?” 
“Some guy named Crosby. He’s was nice – and cute.” Savannah said.
Parker asked, “Crosby Jordan?” 
“I didn’t catch a last name.” Savannah sat down at the table.
“It’s Crosby Jordan, the football star. He’s also dating Faye.” Parker said.
“Are you serious?” Savannah said. “That’s cool, I guess.” 
“Speaking of Faye…” Parker said pointed her eyes towards the door in the front of the cafeteria. Faye walked in with Sam. 
“Is that mousey?” Savannah asked. 
“Yup, the same mousey that Hayley made fun of. She grew a set of boobs and became popular.” Parker said. “She’s Faye’s new best friend.” 
Faye and Sam headed towards their usual table when Faye saw Parker and Savannah. They are eating lunch together, talking, and pretending like nothing happened. Faye could not do that that is why she stopped hanging out with Parker. She hated to pretend that Hayley died by accident. She knew it was not her fault, or anybodies, but ‘something’s’ fault and she could not handle that. Faye stared at Parker and Savannah for a moment, as they looked away from her, and she turned to Sam.
“Let’s go off campus for lunch. I don’t feel like being in here right now.” Faye told Sam. Faye and Sam left the lunchroom and headed off campus, while Parker and Savannah watched her leave. 
“Are you aloud to do that? Leave campus?” Savannah wondered.
“They aren’t too strict here.” Parker said. 
“So what else has changed?” Savannah asked Parker. 
“Well a few things I guess. Hayley’s mom and dad split up. Trey now lives in town with his mom, while Mr. Roads left town after Hayley’s death. My dad’s still sheriff, but my mom left.” Parker said. 
“What!” Savannah bellowed. “When? Wait, What?” 
Parker said “freshman year.” Parker’s mom left right before Christmas almost two years ago. Parker and her dad came home after getting a Christmas tree, to a note on the fridge. She claimed that it was too much to handle, that she loved them both but had to leave. She said she was sorry. Parker hated her; she had not called since leaving, or written. She just up and left without even facing them. Parker spent most of that week in her room, trying not to cry. She did not have anyone to talk to; Savi moved away, Faye moved on, and Hayley was dead. She was alone. 
“I’m so sorry Parker. I didn’t know.” Savannah said. 
“I know. It’s okay I’m fine.” Parker said as she ate her homemade lunch. 
“Gosh I missed a lot.” Savannah said. 
“You have no idea.” Parker mumbled out. 
It caught Savannah’s attention. This was the moment, the moment to ask and to tell. “What happened this morning?” she casually asked in-between bites of her lasagna, which was not so bad. 
Parker looked up at Savannah, swallowed the food in her mouth and said, “What do you mean you were there.” 
“I mean with you…” Savannah said. 
Parker looked directly at Savannah. She was contemplating spilling the beans but did not want her to think she was a freak. “You were there; I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Parker said. 
“Yes you do” Savannah said. “You like couldn’t breathe, you gasped for air and it was as if you could see or hear me. Something happened. I just want to know the truth.” 
Parker took a hard swallow and said, “Fine you want to know the truth. The complete truth, well, I’m a witch, with the power of premonition.” Savannah’s mouth dropped and she became dumbfounded. 
“Is that it?” Savannah asked Parker, trying to let it sink in a little. 
“No, it’s not. You’re one too and I’m pretty sure, so is Faye.” Parker said. Savannah’s eyes widen, her insides felt like they were going to pop right out of her. 
“You’re saying that you’re a…” Savannah whispered, “Witch and Faye and I are also witches too?” Parker nodded and took a bite of her sandwich. “That explains it.” 
“Explains what?” Parker seemed interested. 
“This morning I was woken up from George’s alarm clock and when I went to the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror I saw something.” Savannah said.
“Saw what?” Parker desperately wanted to know.
“Myself, but it freaked me out for a moment and suddenly poof.” 
“What? Poof, I do not understand?” 
“Poof and for a second or two I wasn’t standing in the bathroom any longer. It was as if I blinked and found myself in darkness for a second and then I was back in the bathroom.” Savannah told her. 
“No way” Parker sounded a little shocked and excited. “You blinked and poof?” 
“Yeah, blink and poof.” Savannah said.
“That is amazing. You have the power of blinking.” Parker told her. Savannah was not as thrilled, as Parker seemed to be. 
“Blinking?” Savannah said.
“Yes blinking. You have the power of completely disappearing and then reappearing when you want.” Parker said.
“Like on command?” Savannah asked. Parker nodded. “So if I tried to blink right now I might just disappear and then reappear?” 
“That’s how on command works.” Parker said.
“Okay then I’m gonna try.” Savannah closed her eyes and just tried to clear her mind – which is not easy after told that you are a witch with magical powers. She opened her eyes. “Did it work?” 
“No, maybe you can’t control it yet. I can’t really control mine it just happens.” Parker said.
“And you said you have the power of premonition, like to see the future or something?” Savannah said.
“It’s not that simple sounding.” Parker said. “Sometimes when I touch something or someone I see something, whether related to me or not at all. Sometimes it is something bad, like today, or other times it is just normal. I might see you cheating on a test if I touch your paper or if I touch someone’s boyfriend I might be able to see if he cheating or something. But not usually that glamorous.” 
Savannah was flabbergasted. Parker really thinks that they are witches, with some magical powers. “So you can’t breathe sometimes when it happens?”
“When it’s bad sometimes, other times it’s like I just lose control of my mind for a minute or so.” Parker told her. 
“What about Faye? Why do you think we are all this way? Like Witches?” Savannah wondered.
“Do you remember that night? The night Hayley died?” Parker asked.
“Like it just happened, why?” Savannah said.
“Remember before the chandelier fell on Hayley we found that book?” 
“Yeah, what does that have to do with anything?” Savannah asked. 
“Well remember we couldn’t open it but then we all accidentally touched it and that light appeared for a split second.” Parker said.
“Then the book just flung open and stopped on some random page.” Savannah remembered.
“Yeah, that page it was titled “The Spellbound Spell”. We all started reading it aloud at the same exact time, as if we were to or something. Then it felt like an earthquake and well, you know the rest.” Parker said. 
“So you think we somehow opened a magical book, said some spell and now we have powers? Why is it then that I didn’t have this problem until I moved back to Charm Harbor?” Savannah said. 
“Maybe because our powers weren’t strong enough to appear, when were far away from each other. Maybe the spell is the reason why you could not use your magic in California but here you can. Here you’re close to us.” Parker said. Savannah knew she was making some sense. 
“Okay then, do you have to spell to undo whatever we did?” Savannah asked.
“You want to undo it?” Parker seemed surprised.
“Yes, don’t you?” Savannah seemed surprised that Parker was surprised. 
“No I don’t, I think we are meant to find that spell, meant to cast it and meant to have these powers. Besides, I do not have the book. I went back and looked but it was gone.” Parker said. 
“You really think that we are meant to be witches?” 
“Yeah I do.” Parker said.
“How do you know about all this?” Savannah asked. 
“I’ve done my research. You’d be surprised about how much information is online about witchcraft.” Parker told her. 
Savannah and Parker just sat there, staring at each other. Savannah couldn’t believe what has happened since she moved back; she’s run into Parker, seen the new Faye, blinked and disappeared for a few seconds, and now she is seriously thinking that Parker might be true in the fact that she believes they are witches and they are meant to be this way. I’ve lost my mind, Savannah thought to herself. 
“So what do we do about all this?” Savannah asked Parker. 
“We need to find out if Faye has her power and then find that book.” Parker told Savannah. 
“Why do we need the book?” Savannah asked. 
“Because from what I’ve read up on, that book is the only way were gonna stay alive.” 
Now that was beginning to scare Savannah. 
Chapter 7-
“Look a sale!” Sam said to Faye as they passed the show window of White OR Black Clothing Store. “Let’s go inside.” 
Before Faye could even respond, Sam grabbed her hand and dragged her into the store. White OR Black was one of the nicest clothing stores in town. It sold name brand designer clothing – the only one in town besides the mall right outside of town. Faye had a closet full of name brand clothing – so did Sam – but that did not stop them when a sale was going on. 
Faye and Sam started to search the sale racks for the best items of clothing that they did not already own. “What about this?” Faye put a dress up close to her body for Sam to see. 
“No, to slutty” Sam said. She grabbed two things and went to the dressing room. Faye looked at the dress again, hoping Sam would have told her to try it on. It was pretty. 
“I think you would look great in that.” A male’s voice said. Faye looked around and saw a cute guy standing by her, just looking at her. 
“Excuse me?” Faye said. “Do I know you?” 
“I’m Sebastian.” He said to her. She was not as impressed as Savannah was. 
“I’m Faye.” She said. 
“I know. You’re Faye Duncan.” Sebastian said. 
“Do you go to Charm Harbor High? Should I know you?” Faye asked him.
“I used to a long time ago and I don’t know. Should you know me?” Sebastian coyly stepped around her questions with his own form of them. It was kind of creeping Faye out. 
“Well it’s nice to meet you, I guess.” Faye said. 
“You too, Faye” Sebastian headed for the exit when he said, “Remember you would look great in that dress.” Then he left. Faye just watched him leave and go across the street. She gave the dress another look then put it back on the rack. She did not need a stranger to tell her she would great in a dress, but when she did, she would prefer it be less creepy. 
“How do I look?” Sam said as she came out of the dressing room. 
“You look great.” Faye told her. She could feel someone’s eyes on her. She turned around and saw Sebastian just staring at her through the window. “Do you see that?” Faye asked Sam. Faye did not take her eyes off Sebastian and a truck honked its horn and drove by. When it passed, Sebastian was… gone.
“Did I see what?” Sam asked as she finally looked out the window. Sebastian was gone and Sam did not see anything.
“I guess never mind.” Faye said to her. 
They continued to look for some great finds, as they tried on different clothes. Faye went into the dressing room to try on a dress when Sam said, “So it was weird that Savannah’s back right?” 
“Yeah it was… something.” Faye said. 
“She was one of your friends right? Before Hayley died?” Sam asked. 
“Yeah she was but that was a long time ago.” Faye told Sam. 
Sam browsed the rack for something not hideous. “So are you guys not friends now? Did you know she was coming back?” she asked Faye. 
“No I’m not still friends with her and I had no clue she was coming back.” Faye said as she slipped into the dress. She came out of the dressing room to show Sam. 
“You look great.” Sam told her. Faye twirled in the mirror and then went back into the dressing room. Sam went into Faye’s bag and pulled out her phone. “So would you mind if I invited Savannah to the party tonight?” Sam went on Faye’s phone and found Savannah’s number. She sent her a text about tonight’s party. 
“Yes I would mind if you invite her. We are not friends anymore and that is it. So don’t pull anything Sam!” Faye said. 
“Oops” was all that came out of Sam’s mouth – which was smiling. 
“You didn’t!” Faye said from in the dressing room.
“I did.” Sam said. 
Faye popped her head out of the dressing room and said, “You didn’t!” 
“I did.” 
“How do you have her number?” Faye asked her as she stuck her head back inside the dressing room.
“You did, which by the way is a whole different subject about you keeping former friends numbers. It’s creepy.” Sam said to Faye. 
Faye felt her face turning red. She was pissed and Sam knew exactly how to do it. Faye closed her eyes and started to take deep breaths. She knew something could happen if she got too angry, but she passed that point. Sam and the sales clerk were outside the dressing room when things started to happen. Racks started spinning on their own extremely fast and suddenly Faye began to hear not only screams from Sam and the woman but also shattering glass. The store windows shattered to pieces. 
“Faye!” Sam screamed. Faye opened her eyes and looked out of the dressing room. The place was a mess, the racks were still spinning but slowing down and glass covered the concrete outside, and inside. 
“Oh-my-gosh!” the sales clerk said. “What the hell was that?” 
“Maybe this place is haunted!” Sam said. “Let’s go Faye. Let’s get the hell out of this cheap ass store.” 
Sam grabbed her purse and Faye grabbed hers. “I guess this means the sales over?” Faye said as she changed quickly and followed Sam outside. 
“What the hell do you think that was?” Sam asked in a scared voice.
“I don’t know. Maybe you were right maybe it’s haunted.” Faye lied to her best friend and surprisingly it came super easy. It was never that easy to lie to Hayley, Parker, or Savi. Faye and Sam headed back to school. 
Chapter 8-
“I got a text from Faye.” Savannah told Parker. Parker was surprised. In the last two years, their communication consisted of them giving each other glances at one another. That was it. 
“Are you serious, from Faye?” Parker did not really want to believe her. 
“Yeah, is that weird? It seems weird.” Savannah said. 
“It’s weird.” Parker declared. “What does it say?” 
Savannah opened the text and read it aloud, “Hey it’s Faye; you should come tonight to the party. Everyone is going. It should be fun and we can catch up. See you then.” 
Savannah and Parker gave each other a look. “What was that?” Parker said. 
“I have no clue. Should we go?” Savannah wondered.
“No! You can go but I’m not.” Parker said. 
“You won’t come with me? Come on, please!” Savannah said. 
“I can’t, Faye and I, well, it’s different than you and her. She just stared, blowing me off for no reason and then… I just cannot but go you will have fun. We’ll talk later about everything.” Parker said as she got up from the table. 
“Where are you going?” Savannah asked.
“I’m gonna go and get in a practice before class. I’ll see you later.” Parker left Savannah sitting at the table. 

Parker quickly changed into her practice clothes and headed for the court. Charm Harbor High had four tennis courts but Parker only liked one of them, and everybody knew it. She headed outside and for the court, when she heard something. The sound that calmed Parker’s nerves, it soothed her, but right now, that sound seemed to bother her. She reached the court and saw someone on her court. She did not say anything, just watched his form – and him. She did not know who he was but he was cute, Parker thought. 
“Can I help you?” he asked Parker when he noticed her. She opened the court gate and went inside. He is definitely cute; with his very short black hair, and blue eyes, his muscles were bulging out from under his shirt and he had a few freckles on his face. Parker did not mind looking at him, just not on her court. 
“Yeah you can help me, who are you?” Parker asked. He squirted some water from his bottle into his mouth and then wiped it off his face. He was all sweaty. He walked over to Parker, who was standing at the net. 
“I’m Micah Hartley and you would be?” He said as he reached his hand out for a handshake. Parker just looked at it. She did not know if she wanted to make nice with the person who was stealing her court. 
“I’m Parker and you’re on my court.” She told him. He smiled and walked away. 
“I was told that court was open for anyone.” Micah said. 
“Well you were misinformed. This court is for me and only me.” Parker was being feisty. She did not like how a newcomer could just come in and try to take her court. This place was like her second home. A place she was able to move on from after being just Parker Kim, the girl who lost all her friends – and gained something. She gained her own identity. Parker was not just going to give that up. 
“Well I guess I know better next time.” Micah said. He tossed the ball up and served it to the other side of the court. He has a perfect serve, thought Parker. 
“So you’re gonna leaving now!” Parker said. 
“Nah, I think I’ll stay.” Micah said.
Parker was getting pissed. This was her court and she wanted him off it. “Seriously dude, whoever you are. This is my court. I play here every day. You can go find another.” 
“It’s Micah remember, and I think I’ll stick with this one. I’ve seem to get attached to it.” Micah was pulling her chain. He could tell just how much this was pissing her off and he was enjoying it. 
“Just get off the court.” Parker told him.
“How about this” Micah came over to Parker and leaned in close, “we play one on one, winner takes the court.” 
Parker loved a good competition but was hesitant to possibly having to give it up; after all, it was her court. Parker was one of the best players in the state of Washington but she did not know how good Micah was. “Fine, let’s play” Parker said. She went over to the other side of the court.
“You wanna serve?” Micah asked Parker. 
“Just serve!” Parker told him. 
Micah tossed the ball and served. Parker hit it back to him and he did the same. Parker finally got the first point of the game. “Nice” Micah said. Parker could not tell if he was being genuine or an ass. Deep down she wanted it to be genuine but she has been hurt before. Last year Parker was dating Peter Flay – a great tennis player, track star, and major cheater. 
Micah served again and Parker was ready for it. She pulled all her strength back with her racket and swung at the ball. She hit it back to him and he hit it back. She ran to it but did not make it. Micah now tied with her. “Nice” Parker said mockingly. Micah just smiled and stared at her thinking, she is pretty, feisty, and a great player. 
Parker threw the ball back at Micah and he served again. Parker used her anger as strength and hit the ball back to him. Micah hit it back, and Parker did the same. It kept going for a few minutes until Parker got an opening and hit the ball at the opposite side of where Micah was. That was another point for her. 
“You’re good at this,” Micah said. 
“I ought to be. I play every day with ever free moment since I was little.” Parker told him. 
“Wow, really?” Micah asked. 
“Yeah, my dad really wanted me to become pro but I doubted it.” Parker said.
“I think you could. I have thought about it before. My parents were both pro for sometime but then stuff happened and yeah, there not pro anymore.” Micah told her. 
“Oh really, what do they do now?” Parker asked.
“Nothing, they died when I was little.” Micah said. Parker knew she just put her foot in her mouth.
“I’m sorry. I did not know. I’m sorry.” Parker told him. 
“It’s cool.” Micah said. “You ready?” 
Parker nodded, “Yeah”. 
Micah served again and they kept it up. Parker felt bad for him but this was the court rights they were fighting for after all, and she would do just about anything to get it all to herself. They hit it back and forth between each other until Parker got the point. She was not as happy as she was before – at least she was not showing it. Something about Micah intrigued her. 
“You’re good too,” Parker told him. They both shyly smiled at each other. 
Micah served again, the ball came huddling towards Parker, and she knew it was going to be a perfect return. She hit it and it came back to Micah, only it did not. Parker hit it right outside the line of the court. “Out” Micah said. 
“What?” Parker did not think it was out. “That was in!”
“It was out.” Micah said. “It’s my point.”
Parker was pissed. She could not believe she was feeling sorry for him. “Just serve again!” she told him. He served and got an ace. Parker was off her game now. 
“Do you need any pointers?” Micah joked. Parker was not in a comedy type of mood. She shot him a look and he took the hint. He was enjoying this. She was the type of girl he could fall for, someone who would fight back with him, who was just like him, and for some odd reason he felt normal around her. Micah had his secrets, but so did Parker. He served again.
Parker hit the ball back to him and got the point. Yes, she said to herself. One more point and Parker was getting to call the court all her own. “One more point and this is all mine.” Parker said to Micah.
“You won’t get the point.” Micah said. 
“Watch me” Parker smirked. Micah served and the ball kept going between them. They were equally just as good as each other were. Parker hit the ball and it came back to Micah. He could see Parker in the corner of his eye. She wanted this and part of him wanted her. He went to swing for the ball but missed it, on purpose. Parker screamed for joy. Micah was not so upset. Letting her win could have its own advantages. 
“Good game” Micah said to her. They walked up to the net on their sides and shook hands. He was shaking her hand and they both felt something between them. Micah looked into Parker’s eyes and she saw his. He dropped his racket to the ground and pulled her in for a kiss. Parker just let it happen, not fully understanding what was happening – but did not want to stop it either. He slowly stopped kissing her and removed his lips from hers. She was stunned and he was smiling. “Good game” he said again. He picked up his racket, grabbed the rest of his stuff, and headed out of the court. Parker just stood there. Still letting it all sink in. Then she said, “Good game”. 

She waited for Micah to go inside before she went in. She did not want to see him again, afraid of what she might do. A few things popped up in her mind; kiss him back, rip his clothes off, push him against the lockers, make him never remember another girl’s kiss again. They were all plausible but not responsible. She opened the door and checked the hallway to the locker room. He was not there, so she hurried inside the girl’s locker room. 
The locker room was empty when Parker came in. she quickly rushed to her locker when she brushed up against another locker. That is when it started to happen and there was no stopping it. Parker’s premonitions came at her like a fastball, knocking the wind out of her. She started to feel lightheaded and then she started to see darkness, and then her vision went. It was not like the one this morning. In fact, they were hardly like each other. She started to see Faye; it was not in the future but the past. She saw her this morning, opening her locker without a combination. She witnessed Faye use her magic first hand – or second. 
Parker started to come back to reality. She held steady onto the lockers and started to get her vision back. She was still alone in the room and nobody saw her have her premonition. She went over to her locker and opened it. She dug through her bag and pulled out her phone. She went to Savannah’s number and sent her a new text. She typed in; I have changed my mind. I will go to the party. It will give us all a chance to talk to Faye about you know what. I will talk to you after school. Parker sent the text to Savannah and closed her phone. 
Parker could not believe she was right. They were all witches, with magical powers. She put her phone back in her bag and could not help but smile. She was not smiling because of what she saw, or what she now knows, but because of the kiss. She had not kissed like that since – well forever. 
Chapter 9- 
Savannah and Parker pulled in behind a slew of other cars that had lined the streets outside of the beach house of whoever was throwing the party. Parker turned to look at Savannah and said, “We’ll just wing it. She’ll understand… won’t she?” 
Savannah looked at her and said, “Yeah, why wouldn’t she. Everyone these days wants to either date or sleep with a vampire or werewolf. Well she is a real life witch; she will get a ton of guys. Just tell it like that.” Parker and Savannah shared a little laugh. They were both hoping that this would turn out okay and not disastrous. 
They got out of Parker’s car and headed towards the loud music. This was the nicest area in all of Charm Harbor – the elite of the elite live here. Houses lined the beach with a perfect view of the ocean. They were ten times bigger than Parker and Savannah’s houses combined. They started to reach the party when they saw kids making out and chugging beer – your average high school party. 
Parker and Savannah seemed to be out of their element. Neither one of them were party girls. Savannah had not been to a real party since leaving Charm Harbor. The army base she lived on did not exactly like to see underage teens drinking and partying. Parker on the other hand just never found a reason to attend one of these types of parties. Everyone in town knew she was the sheriff’s daughter and she was a “goodie good”. She also would never attend one of these without any of her best friends by her side, in case she drank too much and threw up, or in case she did something, she would regret in the morning. Parker did not have good enough friends the last two years that would do that for her so she did not go. 
They weaved through crowds of horny and drunken teenagers to look for Faye, but they were not having any luck. 
“Maybe we should split up and find her. Then text the other if we find her.” Parker said to Savannah. The music was so loud she could barely hear Parker but she agreed. They went their opposite ways to find Faye. 
Savannah started to look around when she get distracted by two teenage boys who were seeing who could chug more beer than the other could. “Go, Go, Go” the people around her were shouting. One of the teenage boys looked like he was about to puke. Savannah was standing right in front of him. His mouth started to expand. He was drinking more beer than he could swallow. 
In a split of a second, his mouth opened and out came the beer. Savannah was about to become the target of it when suddenly before she could even do anything she was being whisked away. She spun around – out of the way – and when she looked to see who had just saved her from having to throw out a perfectly good shirt, she saw Sebastian standing there, still holding her. His grip was tight but Savannah did not care. His touch had something special about it. It felt like a powerful healing sensation on her skin. She felt safe in his arms.
“Whoa there” he said with a grin on his face. Savannah looked up at him. 
Confused and a little unnerved, “How did you… do that?” she asked. 
He smiled at her. She felt her body just giving away. He looked like a masterpiece, a tall dark mysterious gorgeous masterpiece. “Well I guess I just have the magic touch.” He said. 
Magic, why would he use that word of all the words, It is weird, Savannah thought. 
“You certainly do.” She said to him. 
“It’s Savannah right?” He seemed to play dumb. He knew her name, he knew much more than that. 
“Yeah and you’re… Sebastian?” Savannah had not forgotten his name. She was thinking about having it tattooed on her so she would never forget it. He nodded. 
The party was raging while Savannah and Sebastian just stared at each other. He seemed to be a man of few words and Savannah was okay with that. He let go of her arms. She was safe now – from the drunken teenage boy. 
“So what are you doing here?” Savannah asked him. 
He looked around, searching for something – or someone. “Who can turn down a good party?” He said. “Do you wanna drink?” 
“I would love one.” Savannah said with a smile. He grabbed her hand and he took her with him. They made their way through crowds of kids, when Sebastian bumped into a rowdy drunk teenage boy. 
“Whoa assholes watch where you’re going.” The boy said. The boy saw Savannah and tried to turn on his smug charm. “I’m Nick and you must be?” 
“I’m not interested.” Savannah told him. 
“Excuse me what did you say bitch?” Nick said.
“Watch your mouth” Sebastian came to her defense. 
This was another big part of why Savannah never went to parties. Drunken boys were even bigger assholes then they were when they are sober. 
“And what are you gonna do about it?” Nick took a drink of his beer and just laughed at Sebastian. “You’re not gonna do anything!” 
Sebastian used his free hand, pulled Nick in real close, and whispered into Nick’s ear. Savannah tried to hear but could not. She watched as Nick’s face went blank. Suddenly he did not seem so drunk anymore. He was pale and looked sick. Sebastian then let go of him and gently pulled Savannah with him through the crowds. 
They stopped at a table full of alcohol. “What’s your preference?” Sebastian asked Savannah. 
Savannah just looked at him. He seemed to be unfazed by what just took place. She wanted to know what he whispered into Nick’s ear but was not sure if she truly wanted to know. He looked at her, smiled and said, “Are you still with me?” 
“Yeah I’m sorry. I prefer anything. You choose.” She told him. He looked around, picked up two cups, and handed one to Savannah. She took a sip and almost gagged it back up. “The strong stuff” she said with a laugh. 
“Yeah I like the hard stuff best.” Sebastian said as she took a large swallow of the stuff in his cup. He took a hard swallow and said, “That’s the good stuff. I’ve missed it.”
“Missed it?” Savannah asked. 
“I’ve been away for a while. I haven’t been able to have any.” Sebastian said. 
“Oh that sucks. Where were you?” Savannah asked. 
“Here and there, no where important” Sebastian said. Savannah liked the whole few words thing, but she hated the completely coy thing. “What about you?” 
“I just moved back here. I grew up here until two years ago.” Savannah said. 
“How’d you like California?” Sebastian asked. Savannah gave him a, what the hell look. How could Sebastian know that? Savannah asked herself. She was about to say something when she spotted Faye. She headed inside… alone. This was the perfect time. 
“I have to go.” Savannah said as she traced Faye’s footsteps. Sebastian just watched her leave. She could not stop thinking about how Sebastian could have known where she lived for the last two years. 
Faye went inside. Savannah got to the door at the same exact moment Parker did. “She just went in.” They both said at the same time. They both rushed inside after her. 
“Faye” they said as they saw her walking down an empty hallway. She turned around to see Parker and Savannah walking towards her. Just great, she thought to herself. 
“What do you guys want?” Faye said. 
“We need to talk to you.” Parker told her.
“It’s important.” Savannah added. 
“Can’t you just leave me alone?” Faye said and as she started to walk away, Parker grabbed her arm and stopped her. 
“Give us five minutes and then you can leave us.” Parker told her. 
“Fine, five minutes.” Faye said. 
Parker looked around and saw a door. She went over to it and turned the door handle. It opened and was empty. They went inside, Savannah next, then Faye. Parker closed the door. 
The room was a study. A large dark wood desk sat in front of a wall, with bookshelves that lined the walls full of books and things. It was your average rich person’s study. You could smell the cigar smoke in the room. 
“What do you guys want?” Faye impatiently asked. 
“We need to talk to you about something serious, something that is life or death.” Parker said. 
“Way to get started” Savannah said. 
“Well did you have a better idea to explain how serious this is?” Parker asked Savannah.
“No but you don’t have to be such a downer.” Savannah said.
“Just spit it out!” Faye bellowed. 
“Fine, I know about you Faye.” Parker said. 
“You know what?” Faye asked.
“I saw you! I know.” Parker told her.
Savannah was not fully following. Parker had not told Savannah yet about her premonition but was going to… eventually. 
“What do you know?” Savannah butted in.
Parker glanced at her and said, “I thought we were on the same side here.” 
“I would like to know what side that is first.” Savannah said. 
“I’m out of here. You old ladies can bicker all you want.” Faye said as she went for the door. 
“I saw you unlock your lock without a combination. You used your mind!” Parker blurted out, trying to make Faye stop. It worked. Faye turned around.
“How do you know I didn’t just put in my combination? Nobody was in there.” Faye said. 
“Because, I know,” Parker said.
“And how is that? You weren’t in there!” Faye said. 
“I saw it. I saw you frustrated and suddenly your lock just opened.” Parker was starting to freak Faye out.
“There’s no way you saw that!” Faye said.
“There is a way, one way,” Savannah said.  
“And which way is that?” Faye wanted to know.
“Parker can see…” Savannah started to say, but Parker cut her off.
“Wait! I’ll tell her.” Parker said. “I have premonitions. I can see the future or sometimes the past.” 
Faye did not believe her. “Yeah and I have the power to fly. Get real. You had to be in there.” 
“No I didn’t. This afternoon I was in the locker room and I must have brushed past you locker and when I touched it I saw you. I saw what you did.” Parker told her.
“She’s telling the truth. She has the power of premonition. She is a witch. We are all our own type of witches.” Savannah said. 
“Oh yeah then what magical power do I have?” Faye said sarcastically but actually wanted to know.
“Telekinesis, you have the ability to move things with your mind. It’s actually pretty cool.” Parker told her.
“And how do you know this?” Faye asked Parker.
“Because I’ve done research, I have the power of premonition and you have telekinesis.” Parker said. 
“What about you Savannah? What power do you have?” Faye asked Savannah. 
“I have the power to blink.” Savannah said. She realized how pathetic that sounded.
“The power to blink, this is a joke.” Faye said. “Show me and maybe I’ll believe you.” 
“I can’t just blink on demand.” Savannah said. 
“Exactly, you guys are pathetic. Making up some lie about being witches with magical powers.” Faye said.
“It’s not a lie, watch!” Parker said. 
She scanned the room for something. Found a letter opener and picked it up. Before anyone could do anything, she charged at Savannah. Faye screamed “no!” but Parker was not listening. Savannah looked at Parker and as Parker lifted the letter opener to stab Savannah with it, suddenly she was gone.
“What the hell!” Faye said under her breath, unable to believe what was happening. 
Suddenly Savannah reappeared a moment later, head pounding, still afraid that Parker was about to stab her. 
“See I told you we weren’t lying.” Parker said. Faye was in shock. She literally just watched as Savannah vanished through time and space for a few moments. One second she was there another she was gone. 
“How did you…” Faye started to say but was lost for words.
“How did I blink? I really don’t know.” Savannah said. “We don’t really know why we have this but we think we might know how we got it.” 
“How, tell me?” Faye desperately wanted to know.
“Remember right before Hayley died we found that old book. It suddenly opened and stopped at a page that read spellbound.” Parker said.
“Then we read what it said out loud together at the same time. Then it all happened… Well what we read was a spell, and we are sure that it made us, well, like this. It made us witches.” Savannah said. 
“You really think we’re witches, with magical powers?” Faye asked. 
“Yes” both Savannah and Parker said at the same time. 
“Then where’s the book? Let us undo this. Like right now!” Faye said. 
“We don’t have the book and were not going to undo this. It is what is supposed to happen. Undoing it could cause our lives to become endangered.” Parker tells Faye. 
“Seriously, you think it’s your decision if were magical witches or not? I don’t want this and if you won’t undo the spell then I won’t be part of this.”
“Wait Faye” Savannah said as Faye headed for the door. 
“Just leave me alone!” Faye says as she slams the door shut. 
“Just great, that went well.” Savannah said. 
“It went as expected. She will not come around until we find the book, until we learn our destiny. I know she will come around then. I just know it.” Parker said. Savannah could not decide if she was trying to convince Savannah or herself. 
“Why don’t you want to undo the spell?” Savannah asked her.
“Because it’s our destiny to become witches, you don’t mess with destiny.” Parker said.
“But how do you know for certain? Maybe it is not our destiny. Maybe we are not supposed to ever find that book or gain these magical powers. Maybe we are not supposed to change, lose a friend, or each other. Maybe destiny can screw itself.” Savannah said. 
“Trust me, I just know. When we find the book we’ll be safe.” Parker said.
“Safe from what though?” Savannah wanted to know. 
“Danger, evil, whatever, the book will help protect us and everyone.” Parker said.
“How do you know that there even is any danger, any evil? Huh?” Savannah asked Parker.
“Because I do, I’ve seen danger. I have seen things that you could not even imagine and it sucks. So the only way to protect ourselves is with that book, so we need to find it.” Parker tells Savannah. 
“Is that how you know that Sebastian is bad? Dangerous or evil or whatever you said, because he doesn’t seem all that bad to me.” Savannah said.
“How would you know, you spoke to him for like a minute and that was it.” Parker said.
“Actually it wasn’t. I saw him here tonight and we talked for a few minutes until… until I saw Faye.” Savannah told Parker. 
“What!” Parker said. “He’s here, right now?” 
“Yeah he was just a few minutes ago.” 
Parker rushed out of the study, leaving Savannah all alone. Great, just great, Savannah thought to herself. She left the room and decided to walk home. 
Chapter 10-
It was a perfect night to walk home in Charm Harbor. The moon was full, the stares were out, and Savannah loved it. She did not look at the stars to often-in California – it would remind her of Hayley. At night – during some of their famous sleepovers – Hayley and Savannah would go outside and just stare at the stars together. It seemed that the stars in Charm Harbor shined brighter than they did elsewhere. 
Savannah had been staring at the stars most of her entire way home and because of that she almost walked right past their house. She noticed it though before that happened. She looked to her left, and there it was, the Roads family home. The place the girls spent most of their summers at. Hayley loved to have the sleepovers at her own house and the other girl’s did not mind. It was fun to stay at Hayley’s, she had the best candy and her parents went to bed early. It was as if they could do whatever they wanted even that summer, just two year ago. 
The house did not seem to change much – just a little less taken care of. Savannah noticed the porch swing that they would always sit on. It looked as if they had not sat on it in years. Savannah looked around, all the lights were off, and she did not think anyone was around, so she decided to go closer. 
She walked up to the porch and for some reason she could not walk up the steps. It just felt like a brick hitting her chest. She wiped away her tears and slowly made it up the steps. The wood porch made a few cracks as she walked over to the swing. She traced her hands over it before she sat down. She held on to it to make sure it did not go anywhere when she sat down. It felt just like normal, as if it was yesterday that they would all sit on here with Hayley. Where they would blab about whatever crisis, they were having that day. 
Savannah found herself smiling, as she remembered. They were not all sad memories – though most of them were sad to remember. She lightly pushed the swing to move it back and forth. She made a small laugh as it worked. 
“Can I help you?” A familiar voice said. Savannah looked around and saw someone walking up to the porch. He stepped onto the porch and Savannah got a better view. It was Trey, Trey Roads, Hayley’s twin brother. 
“Trey is that you?” Savannah said. 
He walked up closer to her and saw who it was. He had not seen Savannah in two years, but it felt like longer. “Savannah?” He said with a surprise. They both smiled. 
Savannah got up and hugged him. She did not want to let go and neither did he. She was in love with him two years ago, her first love. Then Hayley died and Savannah could not handle it. She broke up with him the day she left with her father. She cried most of the way to California. 
He did not look all that different, just a little older, still super cute, Savannah thought. Savannah’s heart was pounding. She did not know when she would see Trey again, but she knew it was inevitable. 
“How are you?” Savannah asked him when they stopped hugging. He motioned for her to sit down – which she did. He sat down next to her. It was just like old times, yet they did not have to worry about Hayley seeing them and getting mad. 
“I’ve been okay, what about you? What are you doing back here?” Trey asked Savannah.
“I’ve been good. I move back yesterday. My dad was shipping out and so he sent me back to live with Grams again.” Savannah told him. 
“Wow, I just… I just cannot believe your back. I’ve missed you.” Trey said. 
“I’ve missed you too.” She told him. “I heard about your dad, I’m sorry.” 
“Its fine, I got over it. It was not so much of a shock. They fought like crazy after Hayley” he paused, “anyway, you look great.” 
“You do too” which he did. His light brown hair pushed back kind of like Elvis. He was taller and stronger now. 
“I can’t believe it’s been two years. I still think about you.” Trey told her. 
“You do?” she seemed surprised. She broke his heart, right after his sister died and she did not even call. She thought he would have tried his hardest to forget about her. 
“Yeah, I just went to see one of those classic movies you loved. It was strange I couldn’t stop thinking about you.” Trey said. 
“You did? When was that?” Savannah asked.
“Just last week, I was on a date actually.” Trey told her.
“You were thinking of me on a date?” She jokingly asked him. 
“Yeah, it wasn’t the best date.” He told her. They shared a smile. 
“That sucks, I guess.” 
“Actually it doesn’t. I was looking for a way to break up with her and when you popped up in my head I realized I didn’t like her enough, not enough to even stop thinking about you.” Trey knew exactly what to say to make her heart flutter. 
“Wow, Really?”
“Yeah, in fact, there’s another classic movie marathon going on this Thursday, it would be fun to go with you again.” Trey said. 
“Are you asking me out on a date?” Savannah coyly smiled. She knew that is what he was doing but wanted to hear it the old-fashioned way. 
“Yeah, I’m asking you out on a date. Would you like to go see a movie with me on Thursday?” Trey said with a grin. He was charming, cute, and Savannah still had a thing for him. 
“That would be great.” Savannah told him. 
Trey leaned in for a kiss when Savannah’s phone buzzed, ruining the mood. “Saved by the buzz,” Trey joked. 
Savannah got out her phone and saw what time it was. “I have to go, but I’ll see you soon.” She said. They got up from the swing and he walked her to the end of the porch. She turned to him, gave him a kiss – causing old memories to rush back inside her – and she walked away. She would have kissed him on the check but she remembered reading somewhere that a kiss on the check – to someone who you have been in love with before – meant it was over and she did not want it to be over, not yet. 
Savannah headed home – passing house after house – with a smile on her face, until a chilling sensation ran across her body. She turned to see that she was in front of the Blackwell Manor. The same house where Hayley died and they cast the “Spellbound Spell”. The same moment their entire lives changed. It was still as eerie as it ever was before. No lights were on and Savannah believed that no one has lived there or has even gone inside – since that day. 
She stared at the house for moment before she realized, the book could be in there. She looked around, checking for anyone watching her – the coast was clear – and stepped through the rundown arch that was at the start of the walkway up to the porch of the house. The moment she stepped past the arch, a window lit up. A light was on. SOMEONE IS IN THERE! 
Savannah froze. Someone was inside the house. She slowly started to move back when a shadowy figure moved passed the window. Her mouth dropped, eyes widened, and it felt as if her heart was going to pound right out of her body. She passed back through the arch when the shadowy figure reappeared in the window. This time not moving, just standing there, doing who knows what. Savannah suddenly felt her feet moving, the breeze of the air running across her face. She was running home and there was no stopping her. 
Chapter 11-
“I’ve missed your cooking Grams,” Parker said as she ate another pancake. 
“Well you know you’re welcome over here anytime, you and your father.” Grams said to Parker. Savannah and George were also sitting at the table with Grams and Parker. 
“Thank you” Parker said in between bites. 
“Well I got to get to school,” George said as he stood up from the table. Savannah and George still have not talked since yesterday; they have barely even looked at each other. 
“Okay, have a good day.” Grams told him. He left with a “yup” and was gone. 
“Is something going on with George?” Parker asked. 
“He hates me.” Savannah said. 
“He doesn’t hate you. He is just a teenage boy. He’ll get over it.” Grams said. “You can’t blame him for being upset with you leaving and then coming back. Just give him time.” 
“Yeah time, that’s all he needs.” Savannah sarcastically said. Grams got up and started to clean up.
“So we should probably go?” Savannah said to Parker. For such a little girl she could sure eat like a linebacker on a football team. 
“Yeah, we should.” Parker grabbed another piece of bacon and said, “Thanks again Grams for breakfast. It was delicious.” 
“You’re very welcome. Tell your father he should come over for dinner one night.” Grams said. 
“Will do” Parker said. 
“Bye Grams” Savannah gave her a hug and they headed for the door. They were far enough away from Grams to be able to talk freely. “So I need to talk to you about last night. I saw something.” 
Savannah opened the front door as Parker said, “What did you see?” 
“Faye” Savannah said. 
“You saw Faye? What do you mean?” Parker was confused. 
“I mean,” she opened the door wide for Parker to see, “Faye”. Faye was standing on the front porch, contemplating knocking and talking to Savannah. 
“Hi” Faye said softly. “Can I talk to you guys?” 
Savannah and Parker looked at each other and said, “Yeah”. 
“You can walk to school with us.” Savannah said. 
“How about I drive instead?” Faye said, motioning towards her small SUV. Parker and Savannah nodded in agreement. 

“I just wanted to talk to you guys.” Faye said as they drove to school. “I wanted to talk about last night. I was a little rash. I just…I like my life.” 
“Oh course you do.” Parker mumbled. 
“And so what if I do? Why do you care?” Faye asked.
“Because you just up and left me for this new life. To become popular it’s like you sold your soul to the devil.” Parker said. 
“It’s not like that and you know it.” Faye argued back.
“Then how is it?” Parker asked.
“It was hard. I lost one of my best friends. We all did. I needed a change. You clearly do not care that Savi just up and left town. Why do you care if I became popular?” Faye said.
“I care because we have been friends for our entire lives. Sure, I cared that Savi left but we all lost Hayley and were all forced to change and you left me just like Savi, I was left alone. I had to face everything on my own, my mom leaving and my powers! Everything, as I watched your perfect life happen. I care because you were my best friend. You were like my sister and it was as if you left me for a better crowd of people. That hurts!” Parker told Faye. She was fighting back tears. 
“It wasn’t like that. You were my best friend, my sister, and every time I look at you or we had a good time I was breaking on the inside. Hayley was dead and I felt like us having a good time was not right. I could not handle it. I had to move on and change and get past it.” Faye said. 
“You don’t think that I felt the same way? Instead of talking to me about it, you just stopped talking to me period. That hurt. I had lost everything and it broke me, when I lost you out of everyone.” Parker said. 
“I’m sorry,” Faye had finally said to Parker for the first time since they stopped being friends. 
“I’m sorry too” Parker said it back. “I just miss you and now that Savi’s back and we have this magic I just feel like it means we can get back to normal again.” 
“Normal, we have magical freaking powers. I can move objects; you can see the future, and Savi well she just blinks.” Faye said. It caused Faye and Parker to share a laugh at Savannah’s expense. 
“Hey, it’s a cool power. At least it’s active.” Savannah said. 
“Mine is active, just not in the same way.” Parker said. 
“Guys I don’t know if this will change everything. I do not want things to change. I like everything the same way. Becoming a witch, well, it just seems like a lot to handle on top of cheerleading and Crosby and everything. I don’t think I can handle it.” Faye said. 
“You can handle it. It is going to be a struggle but we will all get used to it. It’s what’s meant to be.” Parker said.
“Meant to be?” Faye said. 
“Yeah meant to be” Parker said. 
“I have to tell you guys something. Last night when I left the party and walked home I saw something.” Savannah said.
“What did you see?” They both said at the same time. 
“Well after I left Hayley’s house…” They cut off Savannah.
“Wait, what?” they both said. 
“What were you doing at Hayley’s house?” Parker asked her.
“I was walking by and I saw the old swing. You know the one, and I kind of decided to go and sit on it for a minute or two.” Savannah said.
“What?” Faye said.
“Yeah but that’s not all. I ran into Trey.” Savannah said. 
“You saw Trey? Was that awkward?” Parker asked her. 
“Not really. It actually felt good. It felt right. I guess.” Savannah told them. 
“So what happened? Did he hate your guts?” Faye asked him. 
Savannah chuckled, “No actually he asked me out.”
“Like on a date?” Parker said. 
“Yeah like on a date, Thursday.” Savannah said.
“Oh-my-gosh, that’s good news right?” Faye asked. 
“Yeah but that’s not what I saw. After I left Trey I walked past the Blackwell Manor.” Savannah said. Just saying the name, she could feel the chill of terror. Something about that house caused little kids to have nightmares. Sure, there were the legends but that was not the reason anymore. Kids were getting nightmares because you enter, you die, or at least that is what they think after Hayley now. 
“I try not to go by it, if I don’t have to. It still bothers me.” Faye told them. It was the first personal thing she had told them that they did not already know. 
“Me too” Parker said. 
“Well I saw a light turn on and… someone walk by.” Savannah told them. It was as if she was telling them a scary story at camp or something. “Whoever it was they walked by the window and then came back to it and just stood there. Like they knew I was outside or something.” 
Parker and Faye freaked a little. “That doesn’t make sense. The place doesn’t have power or tenants.” Parker said. 
“Yeah and being witches makes complete sense.” Faye made a good point. 
“So what did you do?” Parker asked her as if she thought she went inside or something. 
“I got the hell out of dodge.” Savannah said. 
“You should’ve gone in. Seen who it was and vanquished their ass.” Parker said.
“Vanquish? You mean like kill?” Savannah asked. 
“Yeah, kill them. If they were evil I mean.” Parker said. 
“And what does evil look like?” Faye asked.
“That’s the tricky part. Evil can look like any one of us. It could be one of our neighbors, our teachers, or even our best friends. Evil can be anybody.” Parker said to them.
“How do you know so much about this?” Faye asked her.
“I did my research. You’d be amazed what you can find these days.” Parker said. “I’m like a witchcraft know-it-all.” 
Faye pulled into the school student parking lot and parked. She looked at Parker and Savannah. “If I agree to think about all this, to let it sink and then decide, will you guys promise me that my life won’t change. I can stay popular, stay cheer captain and future homecoming queen?” Faye asked them.
They knew they could not promise that, but why not try. “Sure we can try.” Parker said. 
“Okay well then this is going to sound really mean but do you guys think we can keep our little friendship private for now. I just can’t afford anything to go wrong.” Faye seemed genuine. She did not want to hurt them, in fact she wants to be as it was, but that is impossible. 
“Yeah, private we can do that.” Savannah said. 
“Great, then just wait like five minutes before you get out of the car. I should be far enough away by then.” Faye said. 
Ouch, thought both Savannah and Parker. They nodded at her and Faye got out of the car. 
“Can you believe that?” Parker asked Savannah.
“Believe what?” Savannah said.
“She thinks being a witch won’t change her life. Like her destiny won’t get in the way of going to homecoming or prom.” Parker said. 
For the first time since two years ago, Savannah found herself feeling sad. She never wanted to go to dances when she was in California, but now that she is back and she and Trey are going on a date again, she was kind of hoping that they could have those memories together. Those moments that everyone remembers. She looked at Parker and said, “Yeah I know.” 
Chapter 12-
Parker came out of the school to see Micah running laps around the track. She watched him for a minute and then decided to join him. She had been so busy lately that a love life was hard to handle but she desperately wanted to try. She jogged over to him and he noticed her. He started to slow down as he approached her. “Hey” Parker said. 
“Hey back at you” Micah said. Micah was trying to keep his pace, “You want to join me?”
“Um, sure” Parker said. She started to jog with him. He kept his pace slower than what he was doing before. Parker was a fast runner – she needed to be quick on her feet on the court – but she was not multitasked when it comes to running and talking. “So how’s your day going?” Parker asked him. 
He took his headphones out of his ears, “It’s been good, how about yours?” 
“It’s good.” They jogged together for a moment of awkward silence when Parker finally got up the nerve to say, “I’ve been thinking of that kiss.” She could see Micah smiling from the corner of her eye. 
“Really?” he said. He liked her but was not the type of person to get all jittery about it. 
“Yeah, I think it was a mistake.” Parker lied. If anything, she thought it was right. Kissing Micah felt normal to her – something she had not felt in a while. 
Micah stopped running as Parker passed him for a few steps. He started to smile as he tried to come up with a response. “You think… you think it was mistake?” He finally said. 
Parker stopped and turned around. They walked up close to each other. “I just… I don’t know if it was the best thing.” 
“How do you mean?” He asked her. 
“I don’t know.” Parker said. 
Micah was reading her face. He could tell she was lying and said, “You’re lying.” 
Parker was appalled – not because he said it to her face but because he knew the truth. “Excuse me?” 
“You… are… lying. You’re a liar.” Micah said with a smile. He was happy about this. Sure, it bothered him that she would lie about it but he was just happy she was a bad liar. 
“I’m not lying…” She so was. “I can’t believe you would say that.” 
“Then tell me why you think our kiss was a mistake.” He said. 
Parker was lost for words. She could not stop smiling from her guilt. She looked at Micah and kissed him. It took Micah by surprise – but he liked these kinds of surprises. They kissed for a few minutes. One of those kisses teachers would tell the slutty kids in the hall to cut it out. Parker could not believe it as she stopped kissing him. She pulled away and instead of saying anything – or letting him say anything – she ran. She went and finished her jog, looking back at Micah – who was a little, lost now – and smiled. 

Parker finished with her jog and went over to practice. Tennis practice was her favorite time of day. She went into her court and played a few matches with a fellow team member. Parker was friends with all the girls on the team but they were not that close. Parker has not had a close friend like the ones she did with Savannah, Hayley, and Faye. 
As she hit the ball back to her teammate, her thoughts were racing. The first thing on her mind was magic. She could not help but wonder about her powers. About the book, Savannah, and Faye are they ever going to want to come around to the fact that they are witches. Parker just did not know. Then there was Micah. He was bright spot in her life lately. She did not know too much about him but she wanted to learn. He was cute, funny, and just as good a player as she was. Parker had a lot to work through during practice, so that is what she did. 
Chapter 13-
“Can I get a chocolate milkshake please?” Savannah asked the server at the diner. The diner was one of Savannah’s favorite places – everybody’s favorite. They would sometimes sneak off in the middle of the night to meet up at the diner. They had all ordered milkshakes – Faye would get the “world famous” cherry pie – and they would talk, sharing their secrets and dreams. 
Savannah sat in the back of the diner – the girl’s former booth – and reminisced. The diner was a 50’s theme diner, with the employee’s wearing traditional 50’s diner uniforms. It would always give the girl’s a laugh it still did for Savannah. 
The place was not packed. A few people sat at the counter and some others in booths. There was only one server working and according to her nametag, her name was Doris, she was a little heavier with dyed red hair and wrinkles. She must be new, as Savannah had never seen her before. She came back to Savannah’s booth and placed a chocolate milkshake on the table. “Anything else I can get for you?” 
Savannah took a sip of the most delicious milkshake a girl could ever have and said, “Maybe a piece of cherry pie with whipped cream.” 
“Coming right up” Doris said. She left Savannah alone with her milkshake and memories. 
“Cherry pie now that sounds absolutely delicious” a recognizable voice said to Savannah. She looked up from her milkshake and saw Sebastian sitting in front of her. She did not hear him walk up or sit down he was completely silent. 
“Now what do I owe this visit for?” Savannah said. He charmingly smiled. 
“I guess I just wanted to see you again.” Sebastian said. 
“Oh really” Savannah asked. 
He looked straight at her with a serious face and said, “Nope. I came for the cherry pie.” It got a laugh from Savannah followed by one from Sebastian. 
“Very funny, you should really try the milkshake.” Savannah told him. She leaned down to take another sip from her milkshake when Sebastian swiped it from right in front of her. He took a sip from Savannah’s straw and said, “Yum.” 
Even though he just took her milkshake, the way he said “yum” made Savannah blush. He was not like the normal guys she has ever met. Something about him is enchantingly dark and its drawing Savannah right in. His eyes were green, pass the darkness in them. 
She stared into his eyes and he stared into hers. “So why are you in town?” Savannah asked him.
“I’m here for business and what about you?” Sebastian asked. 
“I just moved back from California but you already know that.” Savannah said. “Which reminds me, how do, you know that?” 
“You told me.” He said.
“No, I told you I just moved back, but you said from California. How do you know that?” Savannah asked him.
“Can I show you something?” Sebastian seemed more serious than his usual charming self did. He got up from the booth and reached his hand out. “Go head, take it.” 
She hesitated for a moment but then took his hand. She got up from the booth and they slowly walked towards the exit. “What about my cherry pie?” she said.
 He opened the door and the bell above it rang, “I’ll get you some later.” 
“You promise?” Savannah joked.
“Cross my heart” he said. 
Savannah followed him right out the diner. They started to walk. It was dark outside, moon out along with the stars. “So where are you taking me?” Savannah asked.
“You’ll see.” Sebastian coyly said.
“You’re not gonna kill me or something, right?” Savannah was just covering all her bases. 
“No, I could never kill you.” Sebastian said. He did not let go of her hand as they walked under the stars. If she had some clue about where he was taking her or who he really was this walk would seem romantic. 
“So what is it that you want to show me?” Savannah asked Sebastian. 
“It’s a surprise, just hold tight.” Sebastian told her. 
Savannah and Sebastian walked through the moonlight, holding hands, and not saying anything to each other. Savannah decided to let this be a surprise, to let the pieces fall as they may. 
“We’re almost there,” Sebastian told Savannah. “It’s time for you to close your eyes.” 
“Close my eyes?” Savannah asked. 
“Yes, it’s a surprise remember?” Sebastian stepped behind Savannah and placed his hands on Savannah’s eyes. She reacted by putting her hands on top of his. 
“What are you doing?” Savannah chuckled at Sebastian.
“I’m making sure you don’t ruin the surprise.” Sebastian said. 
They kept walking for a minute or two, when Sebastian steered her to turn right. They walked for a few more meters when Sebastian said, “Now there’s three steps in front of you, and be careful.” 
Savannah slowly stepped up the steps, each making a crack. Sebastian moved his hands away from her eyes and she saw where she was. It was dark, rotted wood, and the Blackwell Manor. Savannah paused in place as Sebastian reached for the door handle.
“Wait!” she shouted at him. “What is this?” 
“What’s what?” Sebastian said.
“This! Why did you take me to the Blackwell Manor?” Savannah wanted to know. 
“Because you need to see this” Sebastian said to Savannah. 
“I can’t go in there.” Savannah said. She turned around but Sebastian grabbed her hand. 
“I need you to see this. It’s important for you.” Sebastian said to her. He batted his green eyes at her and smiled. “Don’t worry, I’ll protect you.” Somehow, Savannah was not feeling so safe with him anymore. 
“I just… cant. My best friend died in there. I can’t.” Savannah told him. 
“Don’t worry about that. This is about something you need to see. Just relax.” Sebastian said. 
He pulled her to him and he slowly walked her inside. Savannah was dying inside. Going back in there, back to where Hayley died. Savannah had not been in there since that night. 
Sebastian brought her inside and switched on a light switch. The lights turned on and Savannah seemed stunned. 
“How can the lights work? There’s no power.” Savannah said. 
“There’s power in everything if you look.” Sebastian told her. 
Savannah and Sebastian walked into the house. There were still the marks from where the chandelier hit Hayley and then the ground. The chandelier was gone but the marks were clear as ever. Savannah just stared at the marked ground. Sebastian walked to a table filled with things and picked something up. 
Savannah looked up just as something started to fly at her. She blinked and went to darkness. Less than a minute later, she blinked back to place. The first thing she did as she blinked back was look at what was coming at her. In the wall behind her was a very sharp knife, and Sebastian had just thrown it at her. 
She twisted back to look at Sebastian. He was just standing there, smiling. “What the hell is wrong with you!” she shouted. 
“Just what I thought, you have your powers.” He said to her. 
“What?” she mumbled. She was becoming disoriented and confused. “I… I…have… I have to go.” She stumbled back and headed for the door when she saw a bright light. It stunned her for a second. It was as bright as what people assume heaven must be like, thought Savannah. It did not blind her – but could have. The light went away as quickly as it came and standing in front of her was Sebastian. 
“What the…” Savannah said as she looked at Sebastian. He had just appeared from one place to another by the flash of light. He was not normal, he was not human, he was… Savannah did not even know what he was. 
Chapter 14-
Parker had finished tennis practice and headed into the locker room. She took a shower and changed into jeans and a tank top. She put her wet hair into a ponytail, grabbed her bag and then heard something. It was coming from the halls of the school. Someone was here – besides Parker. 
Parker opened the door from the locker room that leads to the hall and looked. She did not see anything so she put it off. She started walking down the hall when she heard it again. The sound was someone whistling, but something about it put Parker off. Nobody was ever here this late, especially on the second day of school. The noise was coming from behind her, so she headed towards it. 
There are a number of halls in Charm Harbor High. One large building housed the entire school. She turned down one hallway and went down another. The sound seemed to get louder as she went down this hallway. A classroom was to her left and two others on her right. A hallway divider was coming up. She could go straight, left, or right, or go back the way she came. 
As she crept up to the divider, the whistling was as loud as ever. She looked right and walking down the hall was a six-foot tall man with long dark hair. He was wearing raggedy old clothes. Parker looked down the hall and stared at him as he was walking in the opposite direction and stopped. He rapidly turned around and saw Parker. He opened his palm and Parker began to see something indescribable. It looked like lightning in his palm. As if, he has the ability to possess lightning. 
He threw the lightning ball that was in his hand straight at Parker. Parker stood in despair and shock as it hurdled towards her. She knew she was facing death and decided to fight back. She jumped down the hall, out of the way of the lightning. It hit a wall and blew a whole straight through it. Parker quickly scrounged up the ability to move – and fast. 
She ran down the hall and quickly popped into a classroom. She scanned the room, trying to find a plausible hiding spot. She heard from out in the hall the man say, “Come out, come out, where ever you are, witch!” Parker took a deep breath and found a hiding spot behind two desks. 
Parker rummaged through her bag for her phone and found it. With her fingers trembling, she scrolled through her contacts looking down for Savannah’s name. She pressed on it and the phone started to dial. She pushed her phone to her ear and waited for Savannah to answer, but it just went to voicemail. “Shit” she whispered. 
She heard it again, from in the hall, “I know you’re here witch. Come out and play!” 
Parker looked for Faye’s number and sent a text. She needed help or she would meet her maker. 
Chapter 15-
“Would anyone else like to share tonight?” A woman said. Her name is Trish Noles and she is the one in charge of these meetings. “Faye would you like to?” 
Faye sat in one of the folding chairs in front of a small podium. She had skipped cheer practice this afternoon for some alone time. She was not sure she was going to come but she realized it was the right thing to do before she went overboard. She looked up at Trish and politely smiled. She stood up and went to the podium. 
She cleared her throat and said, “Hello, my name is Faye and I’m an addict.” 
Everyone in the chairs in front of her said, “Hello Faye” at the same time. It was comforting in some twisted way. 
“It’s funny. I have been up here a countless numbers of times, trying to piece together my life in the least judging room I know. However, tonight is different. For the first time since I became an addict, since I realized I was an addict, I talked to two of my former best friends. See two years ago, our best friend died and it caused a riptide in our friendships. Savi moved away, and it became too much to be around Parker. I tried, oh trust me I tried. However, I could not do it. I had turned into an addict, I was determined to become popular, and I did. I’m one of the most popular girl’s in school but it doesn’t really seem to matter anymore.” Faye said. She wiped away some tears in her eyes and said, “I guess I want to be friends with my former friends again but I don’t want to lose my new life. I am torn. I do not think I could ever tell them about my addiction without them judging me. I became an addict at the lowest point in my life and this last summer I got clean. I have been clean for almost three months and I still every moment miss it. The feeling I would get when I would take it. The moment it set in. When I did it, it felt as if I could do anything and be anyone and my past wasn’t there to haunt me anymore, but now I feel haunted.” 
Faye’s phone buzzed and she went to turn it off when she saw a new text from Parker, SOS HELP AT SCHOOL. 
She quickly re-read the message and looked back up at her audience. “I’m sorry I have to go. I guess the real world is calling. Thank you.” Faye told them as she rushed out of the room. She had become an addict after she could not be around Parker anymore, after things were getting too much. She turned to the one thing that was not going to let her down, was not going to make her feel guilty for Hayley’s death. However, things changed last summer and she has been clean since. 

Faye flung open the doors to the high school and went inside. Parker had only told her about the school, but not where in the school. She started rushing down the hallway looking everywhere. She did not know what she was looking for or what type of help Parker needed but whatever it is, Faye is going to be ready – she hopes. 
“Parker” Faye called her name. She was frantically searching for her when she heard whistling. “Parker is that you?” 
She turned the corner and coming down the hall is the same man who could possess a lightning ball in his hands. 
“Hi have you seen…” Faye started to say when the man cut her off. 
“Witch” he said. Faye stalled in place when he said that. She took a hard swallow and knew whoever this was in front of her; he was probably the reason for the SOS. 
“Um… I should probably go.” Faye said. 
“You’re not going anywhere witch.” The guy said as she opened his palm. It was happening again, only for Faye this time. A bright shining lightning looking ball formed in his hand. He threw it right at Faye – who was not getting out of the way. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes for a split second. She opened them back up and focused on the incoming lightning ball. Suddenly it flung away from her and into a locker that busted open when it made contact. It sounded like a lightning storm in the hallway. “Finally a witch with some fight in her, my type of girl” he said. 
He formed another in his hand and threw it, but it was not a match for Faye. She moved it right into another locker. This time she focused on him. If she could move a teenage girl like a gust of wind, she could probably move this dumbass. She focused hard, taking all her rage and anger to the surface, but that was not all. She was also feeling more, she was feeling vulnerable. It reached its tipping point and the man flung back against the wall of lockers, sending an echo throughout the hallway. 
“Faye!” Parker said. Faye looked and saw Parker down the hall, “Come on, hurry” Faye ran down the hall towards Parker and the man. 
Parker grabbed her hand and they ran down another hall. They heard the man say “I’m gonna get you witches!” 
“Where do we go?” Faye asked Parker. Parker searched and chose a door. They went in there and it was the cafeteria. They rushed to the back exit doors but they would not open. They began to hear whistling again and they decided to hide behind a table. “What do we do? Who is that?” Faye seemed to think this was the perfect time for the twenty questions game.
“I don’t have any idea what we do or who he is, but whomever that is, it’s a demon.” Parker told her.
“Like an evil monster… demon?” Faye has heard of them.
“Yes, one of those” Parker said.
“Great were gonna die and it’s in the high school cafeteria.” Faye said. “I guess I should’ve tried the food.”
The whistling was louder and they decided to peak there head’s out from behind the table as the cafeteria doors begun and to open. They hid back behind the table and looked at each other. They were saying the same thing without having to say it, I am glad I am going down with you.
Chapter 16-
“What are you?” Savannah demanded to know. Sebastian was standing in front of her, stopping her from leaving the manor. “How did you? Who are you?” 
“My name is Sebastian and I’m a protector. I am your protector, well not just yours but also Faye’s and Parker’s. I’m the good guy.” Sebastian said.
“Yeah and I’m sure that’s exactly what the bad guy would say.” Savannah said. 
Sebastian chuckled. “That’s why I like you. You think outside the box.” Sebastian said. He moved closer to her, but she stepped back from him. “I promise I won’t hurt you.” 
“Yeah, well then why the hell did you throw a knife at me?” Savannah asked. 
“I had to be certain you had your powers before I could show you this.” Sebastian moved back towards the table. “Don’t worry I’m not gonna throw another athame at you.”
“Athame, what the hell is an athame?” Savannah muttered. 
“It’s like a knife but more powerful. Witches and demons use them but demons shouldn’t.” Sebastian said. 
It was overwhelming for Savannah, “Demons? Like evil?” 
“Yeah” he said. He looked at her and saw her surprise. She has no clue what being a powerful witch really means. “You do know about demons right?” 
Savannah shrugged her shoulders, “I guess.”
“You have no clue do you?” He let out a single laugh of frustration. “Do you even know what you are supposed to do?” 
“You mean like what?” Savannah asked.
“I mean like your destiny. Do you know it?” Sebastian seemed to be upset with Savannah not knowing this. “Someone was supposed to do this part; I guess it’s my job.” 
“What is your job? What’s a protector?” Savannah asked. 
“It’s someone who’s assigned witches to protect from demons. My job is to try and keep you safe and sound, but your job is to fight evil, to keep the world safe.”
“The world” Savannah was definitely overwhelmed. 
“Yeah the world, geez all you witch just feel its all fun and games until you die.” Sebastian started to look for something on the table when he just stopped. He turned around and looked at Savannah. 
“What’s wrong?” she asked him. 
“They’re in trouble. They need your help.” Sebastian said.
“Who does?” Savannah asked him. He was worrying her. 
“I’ll tell you on the way, take my hands.” Sebastian told Savannah. 
“No tell me now!” Savannah said.
“Faye and Parker are in trouble and they need your help to save them.” Sebastian said. “Now take my hands I can get us there fast.” 
“You mean in that light thing?” Savannah asked.
Sebastian smiled, “Yes in that light thing.” 
Savannah hesitantly took his hands and he pulled her close to him. “Hold tight,” he told her. Suddenly they were in a bright light – the same one from before – and they were no longer at the Blackwell Manor.

The light started to appear again and they were now at the high school. Savannah was holding Sebastian super tight during the teleport. “We’re here, you can let go now.” Sebastian said to her. Savannah opened her eyes and saw that they were now in one of the hallways at the high school. She let go and stepped away. 
“So is that a power you get when you’re a protector or are you still holding back on me?” Savannah asked. 
“We should really look for your friends. They need your help.” Sebastian said. He closed his eyes and cleared his mind.
“What are you…?” Savannah started to say when Sebastian lifted his finger to her mouth and shushed her. 
“You go that way.” He pointed straight down the hall; “I’ll go this way” down another hall. 
“Why are we splitting up?” Savannah asked. “You’re supposed to be this almighty protector so can’t you just take me to them.”
“It doesn’t always work like that.” He told her. “Now hurry, they don’t have much time.” He went down his hallway, while Savannah just watched him leave. She looked straight down her hallway and started to walk down it. 
“Don’t flip out Savannah,” she whispered to herself. She did not hear anything and just figured Sebastian either was pulling her chain or was going to kill her because he was in fact a demon. 
Savannah turned down another hall when she started to hear whistling. “Parker?” she called out. “Faye?” she kept walking down the hall when she spotted the demon. 
“Another witch, it’s my lucky day.” He said. 
“What the… who the hell are you?” she shouted. 
“I’m Huck,” he said as he formed a lightning ball. He threw it at Savannah and she blinked. Darkness filled everything and then she was back, but not in the same place. 
Savannah fell from the ceiling into the cafeteria. She slammed down onto the floor, causing chairs to fall, making a loud bang. Parker and Faye stood up from behind the table when Savannah said, “Ouch” 
“Savannah?” Parker said, as she got a good enough look at her. Faye looked and saw her too. They rushed over to her and helped her up. “How’d you get in here?” 
“I just blinked out in the hallway. But I didn’t go back to the hallway I like fell from the, well...ceiling or nowhere, oh I don’t know.” Savannah told them.
“Your powers are growing.” Parker said. 
“I don’t mean to ruin the whole reunion thing here but there is a demon right outside.” Faye said. The doors opened once again and they all twisted their heads to see. Huck walked into the cafeteria as if he owned the place. 
“Now why would you guys hide? It’s so rude.” He said. 
“What do we do?” Faye asked. 
“I don’t know” Parker said. All the girls slowly stumbled backwards as Huck came closer to them. 
“We fight!” Savannah blurted out. She could not even believe it as it came out of her own mouth. They looked at her with a, what are you talking about look. 
“What, are you crazy? We fight?” Faye said. 
“We don’t even know how to fight.” Parker said. 
“Parker you claim this is our destiny, so here goes nothing.” Savannah said. Savannah grabbed one of the chairs on top of the tables and threw it at Huck. He caught it and chucked it to the side. 
“Nice try witch,” Huck said. He got another lightning ball in his hand and threw it at the girls. 
“Faye!” Parker and Savannah shouted. 
Faye concentrated on the lightning ball and tilted her head back at Huck. The lightning ball flung back towards him. He ducked out of the way. 
“We need a plan.” Faye said. 
Parker looked around and said, “I think I have one. On three, we all go to a different table and stay behind it. Then we fight.” Parker told them. 
“One” Savannah said. 
“Two” Faye said.
“Three,” Parker said and they all scattered to their tables. Parker went to the middle, Faye to the right, and Savannah to the left of Parker. They could all see each other from behind their tables. 
“Hiding’s not gonna help you now!” Huck said. 
“Huck, how do you know who we are?” Savannah shouted at him.
“I guess I have a gift.” Huck said. “Now come out and die like a witch should. Don’t be a coward.”
“Be a coward!” Faye and Parker shouted looking at Savannah. 
Savannah looked at her two friends and could not help but think how much she did not want to lose them again. How much she would do, never to let that happen again. She would give her own life for them, to save them. She stood up from behind her table and said, “Here I am”. 
“Don’t be a martyr!” Parker screamed at Savannah. Savannah looked at them and without having to say it aloud she said, “I love you guys”.
Huck chucked another lightning ball at Savannah and she blinked. Darkness overwhelmed her and as she concentrated on where to go back to, she reappeared at the same spot she blinked from, so much for going anywhere she wants, thought Savannah. 
“Nice try asshole, you should try it a little harder next time.” Savannah said. 
Huck was getting angry. He rushed towards Savannah and then flew right over her. Savannah gasped and then looked at Parker and Faye. Faye was standing up and she flew him. 
“Let’s get out of here!” Faye said. 
“No, let’s finish this!” Parker said. “I have a plan.” 
Huck was out cold in a mash of tables. Parker, Faye, and Savannah quickly huddled together and devised a plan. 

Huck came to and started to look around the cafeteria for the girls, but they were not there. “I’m gonna find you, you witches!” he screamed. He scrambled up and walked fast to the doors. He flung them open and scanned the hall for them but no sign. Huck started sniffing around. He did not just posses the power of lightning balls but of hunting down witches. He could smell them. “I know your still here witches!” 
He headed for the hallway divider and as he reached it, he did not have enough time to react to a baseball bat swung right at him. It hit him and he stumbled back onto the ground. From one of the hallways out came Parker, holding the baseball bat. “How does that feel Huck?” Parker said with a smirk. 
“Let’s go!” Savannah called out to Parker. Parker ran down the hall, following Savannah. Huck got up and ran after them. 
Savannah and Parker came up to another hallway divider and they split up. Huck ran after them, watching them split up. He was steaming of anger he wanted to the kill the witch who hit him with a baseball bat. He saw Parker go right and Savannah keep going straight. “I got you now,” he said to himself about Parker. 
As he got to the divider he heard, “Over here!” and plowing right into him was Faye’s feet, she was hanging from a beam and swung at Huck. Kicking him straight into the chest – causing him to fall down and slide. You just got the wind knocked out of you by a teenage girl, that can’t be good for a man’s ego, thought Faye. She let go and fell to her feet. She ran down the hall, as Huck just got even angrier. 
“Stupid witches!” he mumbled. He got back up and looked at all three of his possible routes. Savannah went straight, Parker went right, and Faye went left. He decided to go after Savannah. He hustled down the hall, recklessly searching for Savannah. 

Savannah tried door after door, not all of them unlocked. She saw the sign for the poolroom and hurried towards it. She tried the door and it was unlocked, she let out a deep breath – which she had been holding in since Parker told her the plan – and went inside. The plan was simple; they were all going to play to their strengths. Parker was an athlete; she could swing a bat as if her life depended on it – which it did. Faye was a cheerleader, super limber and one hell of a kicker. Savannah on the other hand, trained by her father to be a fighter, was great at fighting. She had a black belt but right now, that was not what was on her mind. Hiding was all she was thinking about right now. 
She looked around for a place to hide when the door opened behind her. She turned around to see Huck as pissed as ever doing an evil laugh. It was freakier than his ability to possess lightning in his hands. 
“What do you want? Why are you doing this?” Savannah asked him as she slowly walked backwards. 
“I’m doing this because it’s what I’m supposed to do.” Huck said as he created a lightning ball in his hands. 
“Killing teenage girls are what you’re supposed to do?” Savannah questioned him. 
“Killing witches. Ages are irrelevant.” Huck said. He stopped moving and threw it at Savannah. She ducked. The first time she did not blink when she got scared. 
“Is that all you got?” Savannah just egged him on. Huck built another in his palm and threw it at Savannah. She ducked once again and started to run against the line of the pool. “I don’t think you’re as powerful as you think you are. You’re getting beat by a bunch of teenage girls.” 
He clipped his mouth in anger, opened both of his fists, and formed two lightning balls. “I’m more powerful than you could ever imagine.” He said as he threw both of the balls. 
Savannah watched as they headed towards her. She was not going to be able to duck both of them this time. She closed her eyes and blinked. When she came back, she was falling again from the ceiling. She was not in place anymore, but right above the swimming pool. She hit the pool and went under water. She swam up for air and looked around for Huck, but Huck was gone. Savannah swam over to the edge and started to get out when a towel was right in front of her. She looked up to see who was handing it too her and saw Sebastian. 
“You know most people take swims with their clothes off?” Sebastian said with a smirk on his face. Savannah got out of the pool and took his towel. “Maybe I could show you?” 
Was he seriously flirting with me right now? Savannah wondered. “Where were you?” Savannah asked. 
“Looking for your friends” Sebastian said. 
“Well we’ve been dealing with a demon. Some dude named Huck.” Savannah said. Sebastian seemed to recognize the name by the expression on her face. “I see you know who I’m talking about” Savannah said as she dried off. 
“Yeah I know of Huck,” Sebastian said. “And trust me when I say this, he’s not someone you guys can go up against.” 
“Thanks for the boost of confidence.” Savannah said. She headed towards the door. 
“Where are you going?” Sebastian asked.
“My friends are still out there, with that monster. So if you want to come with, if your too scared then, bye.” Savannah said. She walked out of the pool area and as the door started to shut, Sebastian stopped it. 
“I’m coming with you because you’re my charges and who knows what will happen to me if you all three die.” Sebastian said. 
“Oh how comforting.” Savannah sarcastically said to Sebastian. They headed down the hall, staying at quiet as possible to hear for any type of clue to where they could be. 
“Parker, look out!” Savannah and Sebastian heard Faye scream bloody murder. They ran towards her scream. 
“It’s coming from the gym.” Sebastian told Savannah. They ran to it and Sebastian said, “You ready?” 
“Not really.” Savannah said.
“Let’s go.” Sebastian told Savannah. They both opened one of the double doors leading into the gym. 
Parker and Faye cornered underneath one of the basketball hoops. Huck was throwing lightning balls at them and Faye was struggling to use her power to move them. Savannah and Sebastian looked at each other, trying to come up with a plan. 
“You go help them, I’m gonna go get something that’s gonna help.” Sebastian told Savannah. He ran back out of the gym on a mission. Savannah looked back at Huck and the girls. They needed her to man-up and help them. 
Here goes nothing, Savannah thought to herself as she tried to gain momentum – and speed. She ran as fast as she could and when she reached Huck she jumped. Landing on his back, she started using her nails to scratch him. He started making loud noises that started to freak Savannah out. Faye and Parker saw and screamed, “Savannah be careful”. Savannah closed her eyes and blinked. 
Chapter 17-
Savannah did not know what she was doing, but she knew she had to do something. As she saw her best friends fighting for their life, she had only one idea in her mind. When she jumped on the back of Huck, she tried to blind him – scratching him. However, it was not working. There was only one other thing she could do, but she knew it was radical. She closed her eyes and blinked. She did not know what would happen but she had to give it a shot. 
Savannah began to see darkness. She knew what that meant, so she blinked. She did not have any clue what was happening as she was in the unknown but she just hoped it helped. The light started to shine again and Savannah reappeared, and so did Huck. They both crash-landed on the polished gym floor. 
“Savannah!” Parker and Faye shouted as they raced to her and helped her up. Huck was coming to and they would not have much time to get away. “Are you okay?” Faye asked her. 
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Savannah said. 
“You just blinked on command and with someone also. How did you do that?” Parker asked. 
“I… I don’t know.” Savannah said. Her head was ringing louder than it normally does after blinking. “Let’s just finish this.” 
Parker and Faye were confused. “What do you mean finish this? We can’t beat him.” Faye said. 
“We can try, right?” Savannah had to of completely lost her mind. 
“Savi, I don’t think…we can do this.” Parker said. 
Huck started to get up, “Well, we are about to find out.” Savannah said. “Hey asshole, let’s finish this.” 
Savannah whispered into Faye’s ear, “Can you do a double handspring and a kick?” 
Faye was confused, “I guess.” 
“Then do it when I tell you, okay.” Savannah grabbed Parker’s hand and started to walk in a circle towards Huck. 
“What are we doing?” Parker whispered to Savannah. 
“We are going to kick Huck’s ass.” Savannah seemed determined to Parker. “Watch this.” 
They made a straight line in front of Huck, all the way back to Faye. “Hey Huck” Savannah shouted at him. He got up on his feet and looked at them. “Watch this!” Savannah said. She ran up towards him and did a double kick and a back flip. Parker and Faye’s mouths dropped as they watched. Huck stumbled backwards as Savannah landed back on her feet. “NOW!” she screamed at Faye. 
Faye got a running start and did a handspring, then another, and came up with a nasty kick to Huck’s face. He stumbled to the ground. Faye and Savannah stood there, as Huck tried to get up. He looked at them as if he had a grudge to repay. He formed a lightning ball in his hands and threw it. Only he did not throw it at Savannah and Faye, but at Parker. 
Parker stood there as it was tumbling towards her. She braced herself for the hit and as the lightning ball hit her, she snapped back and flew all the way against the hard wall. She fell to the floor and did not move. “Parker!” they both screamed for her but she did not answer. Huck got up and lifted his hand to slap Savannah but backhanded Faye, sending her sliding against the floor. 
Huck grabbed Savannah by the upper arms and lifted her up to him. “Now how does this feel bitch!” Huck said. 
“Don’t call a lady that!” A familiar voice said. Savannah twisted her neck to see Sebastian coming in. 
“And who would you be?” Huck said. 
“Backup!” Savannah said. Savannah kicked Huck in the jewels and he dropped her to the floor. 
“Are you okay?” Sebastian asked. 
“Not now!” Savannah said. Huck was still standing and that was not going over well for Savannah. She round kicked him, causing him to be bent over. Sebastian pulled out a knife from his leather jacket pocket and handed it to her. 
“Here, finish it.” Sebastian said. Savannah eyed the knife and then took it into her hands. She stared at Huck for a moment when suddenly she flung him across the gym. Savannah looked at Faye who was barely standing up. “Finish it Savannah. It’s the only way to stop him.” 
Savannah went over to him and Faye followed, as Sebastian just watched. “Should we do it?” Savannah asked Faye.
“It’s the only way, right?” Faye was making sure. 
“I just don’t know.” Savannah said. 
“Who is that guy?” Faye asked Savannah abut Sebastian. 
“I’ll tell you later, long story.” Savannah said. 
They looked back at Huck and he was not on the ground anymore. He was not even, where he just was. They scanned the room quickly, as Sebastian shouted, “Over there!” and pointed by the bleachers. 
Savannah and Faye both said at the same time, “Let’s kill him.” Savannah threw the knife straight at Huck and just as it reached him, he shimmered away. He vanished right in front of them, the knife too. They ran over to where he was, looking for some answers. “Is he invisible?” Savannah asked Sebastian. 
“No he shimmered away. He’s gone.” Sebastian said. “Where’s Parker?” 
Then it hit them, Parker. They darted to Parker on the ground, Sebastian too. Sebastian flipped her over and Parker looked like the lightning ball electrocuted her. “Oh-my-gosh” Savannah and Faye both said. 
“Look out” Sebastian said to Savannah and Faye. Sebastian checked for a heartbeat, but there was not one. He placed his hands over the part where the lightning ball hit her. His hands started to glow, just as bright as he did when he appeared in front of Savannah back at the Blackwell Manor. A few seconds later Parker came back. A life appeared back in her body – as if it had never left. She gasped for air, as Savannah and Faye just held her. She was alive, Huck was gone, they were safe, and Savannah still had to explain who Sebastian was or, whatever he is. 
A few minutes later Parker could finally speak again. “Where’s the demon?” was the first thing she said. 
“He’s gone.” Savannah told her. Parker smiled.
“Good, he was getting on my nerves.” Parker said. “How did I… the lightning ball hit me, right?” 
“Yeah it did.” Faye said.
“Then how? How did I survive?” Parker noticed Savannah and Faye’s eyes move off her and towards the same part of the gym. Parker looked over there and saw Sebastian standing there. “What is he doing here?” she wanted to know.
“He saved you.” Faye said. 
“What, how?” Parker tried sitting up. 
“That’s a good question. Savannah you got an answer?” Faye asked her. 
Savannah looked back at Parker and Faye and said, “I have some stuff to tell you guys and it starts with Sebastian.” 

“You’re telling me that he knows about us?” Parker demanded to know.
“I didn’t exactly tell him. He threw an athame at me and I blinked. What was I supposed to do, die?” Savannah said. 
The girls were arguing inside the gym, while Sebastian just eavesdropped. Savannah told them that he knows about their magic and he was the one who helped save their lives. 
“You should’ve ducked. Besides what were you even doing at his place? I told you to stay away from him.” Parker said.
“Well why do you keep telling me to stay away from him?” Savannah asked.
“I’m looking out for you, both of you.” Parker said. 
“Well you don’t have to tell me twice. I have a boyfriend, which reminds me don’t you Savannah?” Faye said. 
“I’m not dating Trey, were just going on a date. That is it, but do not go and change the subject. Sebastian saved us, we owe him.” Savannah told them.
“We don’t owe him anything. Trust me when I tell you that you don’t want to owe him.” Parker said. 
“Tell me why and I’ll listen, otherwise we should hear him out.” Savannah said.
“Hear him out, about what?” Faye asked. 
Savannah had not told them yet about the protector part. She did not tell them about him appearing in a beam of light either. “Well there’s things I know about him that both of you should too.” Savannah said.
“Like what?” Parker asked, she was upset with Savannah but would not tell her why. 
“How about I answer those questions,” Sebastian said. 
“Were you listening to our conversation?” Parker asked. 
“It was more like you guys were arguing and very loudly. What was I supposed to do? Close my ears?” Sebastian said. 
“Fine, we’ll listen what you have to say.” Parker said. “Go ahead and speak.” 
“Not here. It will make more sense back at the house.” Sebastian said. He started walking to the doors in the gym. 
“What house is he talking about?” Parker asked. 
“That’s another thing.” Savannah said.

“The Blackwell manor,” Faye bellowed out from in front of the house. It was the middle of the night and everyone was sleeping. 
“Quieter” Savannah told her. 
“I’m sorry but he lives in the Blackwell Manor. Is he the one who you saw in the window?” Faye asked. 
“I don’t know but I assume so.” Savannah said. 
“Sebastian lives here? You went inside?” Parker asked. 
“Yeah I did. Trust me I didn’t want to, but he can be convincing.” Savannah said. 
“Sure he can,” Parker said. She walked towards the porch. 
“Where are you going?” Faye asked her. 
“Fine, let’s go inside to get this over with.” Parker told her. Sebastian was already inside and the lights were already on. 
“You don’t have to come in, but you’ll probably want to.” Savannah told Faye. Faye had not been inside since that day and never wanted to go back inside again. 
“It’s fine. I’ll go, but this better be good.” Faye followed Parker inside. 
Savannah watched as they went inside. “Yeah I hope it’s good too.” She said to herself. She went inside after them. 
Chapter 18-
“So what’s this you have to tell us?” Parker asked Sebastian. Savannah came into the manor and noticed Faye just staring down at the marks in the floor. Same thing she did when she came inside. Sebastian went over to his table – the same one he picked up that athame off earlier – and turned around to look at the girls. 
“It’s pretty simple,” Sebastian said. “I’m Sebastian and I’ve been assigned to you three. I’m your protector.” 
They let that sink in and Parker said, “You have been assigned us? What does that mean?” 
“I was assigned by the councilor.” Sebastian said. 
“What’s the councilor?” Savannah asked.
“It’s the highest ranking protectors. There job is to give protectors like me my charges.” Sebastian told them.
“What’s a protector?” Parker asked. 
“A protector is like a guardian angel.” Sebastian said. 
Faye looked up from the marks and stared right at Sebastian, “So if you’re some guardian angel where’s your wings and halo?” she asked sarcastically. 
“You’re witches, where are your broomsticks and pointy noses?” Sebastian said sarcastically too. 
“Touché” Faye said with a little laugh. Savannah and Parker smiled. 
“It’s a cliché that we have halos and wings, same for you girls. People created images of what they believed we looked like a long time ago and people still believe it. So is your questions answered?” Sebastian said.
“Not mine. What’s a protector?” Parker asked. 
“A protector’s job is to keep their charges alive and guide them on their journey. My job is to help you understand yours and when you get hurt – like today – I have the power to heal you.” Sebastian told them. Parker did not seem convinced. 
“Why you though?” Parker asked. Sebastian looked at her and he knew. He knew she knew. The cat was out of the bag, only Savannah and Faye had no clue. 
“Because I was assigned this, I didn’t want it. My last charge was in Paris and I liked it a hell of a lot better than here in Charm Harbor.” Sebastian said.
 “You said that you were from here, is that true?” Savannah asked Sebastian. He looked at her for a clue to figure out if she knew. It was clear she did not. 
“I was from here a long time ago,” Sebastian said as he turned to look at Parker. She looked away. 
“So what else is there?” she wanted to know.
Sebastian turned around and picked something up from the table. When he turned around for everyone to see, the girls recognized it right away. It was the book. 
“Where the hell did you get that?” Parker demanded to know. 
“Ease up; I was given it to give to you all. Why?” Sebastian asked.
“That is the book that started it all. We casted the spell and boom. Now we’re witches with freaking magical powers.” Faye said. 
“You casted a spell,” Sebastian seemed to be surprised.
“Yeah, we casted the ‘Spellbound Spell’.” Savannah said.
“Oh, well then you got that out of the way.” Sebastian said.
“Out of the way, like as if the spell isn’t the thing that gave us our powers?” Faye asked.
“The spell isn’t like that. People are not just randomly chosen; your lives were chosen way before you could have imagined. This is your destiny.” Sebastian said.
“Not the destiny shit again, please. We’ve heard it enough from Parker.” Faye said. “Can we just get that spell and undo it now please.” Faye went to grab the book from Sebastian but he pulled it away. 
At the same time Parker and Sebastian both said, “No”. 
“Whoa, take a chill pill. I just want this to be over with please! Don’t you?” Faye asked Parker. 
“No, like you heard, this is our destiny. What we are meant to do is something great.” Parker told her. 
“Well if it consists of more nights like tonight I’ll pass on the whole destiny crap.” Faye said. 
“Faye, what if they’re right? What if we are meant to do something that saves the whole world?” Savannah asked Faye. 
“I really don’t like almost dying. My face still hurts from that asshole smacking me. Neither one of you was smacked, so you don’t get it.” Faye said.
“I died! So, getting smacked is nothing Faye!” Parker said. 
Both Savannah and Faye thought, at the same time, she is going to be milking that one for a while. “It’s different you don’t feel anything wrong. It’s going to take a lot of concealer to cover this up tomorrow morning.” Faye said. 
“Get over it” Parker told Faye. “We can’t undo this spell…ever.” 
“She’s right, though I hate to admit it. Undoing the spell would mean danger, un-protective danger.” Sebastian said. 
“What can we do with the book?” Savannah asked. 
“The book is a Grimoire, a book of magic. Inside it are spells, ways to make potions, and some of the most common demons around.” Sebastian said. “It’s a common book for witches, only this one is not a normal one.”
“Not a normal one?” Savannah asked. “What does that mean?”
“There are people out there that believe that they are witches and have Grimoire’s. Though their spells might work, they are not as strong as yours are. Yours are to keep you safe and so they are not spells to mess with. Your Grimoire has been passed down to you through a long line of very powerful witches, just like yourselves.” Sebastian told them.
“You’re saying that these spells aren’t even meant to help our lives for the better?” Faye said. “What’s the point of the book then, of all of this?” 
“They are to keep the world safe,” Sebastian said. 
“Well that’s stupid.” Faye said. 
“Yeah it is, but that’s life. Your destiny, all of your destinies have taken course.” Sebastian said. 
“And what would that be?” Parker asked. 
“You girls don’t know about your destinies already?” Sebastian asked. 
“No” they all said at the same time. 
“Well that’s a bitch. I guess I’m the one who has to break the news.” Sebastian told them. “Your destinies are intertwined. You are, meant to be the good in the world. You are, meant to save the world and this town. You are good witches who will forever be the answer to fight evil. Your lives will never be the same. Everything has just changed for you.” 
Faye, Savannah, and Parker looked at each other, not fully sure what this all means. “You’re telling us that this means the end of a normal life, the end of a normal high school existence. You are telling me that I am never going to be homecoming or prom queen, go to college or get married and have kids. You are essentially telling me that this is it. Life is over.” Faye did not like the news. 
“Faye calm down. He is not saying it is over. He is saying that it is changed. Our priorities have to change. We have to put the world before ourselves.” Parker said to her. 
“You can still have a life, still grow up and move on, but you three will never be able to be apart. You will have to be close to work together. It’s that simple.” Sebastian said.
“Simple isn’t the word that comes to mind, more like complicated. More like everything I’ve ever wanted is over.” Faye said. She went to the door and said, “I can’t do this. I do not accept this. I do not accept that my life is going to change. I quit this.” 
“You can’t quit Faye!” Sebastian told her. She left anyway. “She can’t quit. This isn’t some game, this is life or death and when one of you is vulnerable you’re all vulnerable.” 
“She just needs time.” Savannah said. 
“Time is one thing you girls don’t have. You will never know when you will need to fight another demon or keep the town safe. Time is irrelevant.” Sebastian harshly said. 
“Take a chill. This is a lot to take in at once.” Savannah said. “We all just need some time.” Savannah went after Faye. 
“I’ll talk to them and go from there.” Parker said. 
“You better, because if they don’t come around and next time Huck does, then none of you will survive.” Sebastian said. 
“I got it,” Parker said as she left the Blackwell Manor. She ran down the walkway to Savannah who was standing there. “Where’s Faye?” Parker asked her. 
“She drove off. She would not even let me talk to her. She doesn’t want to be a part of this and right now, I don’t know if I do either.” Savannah said. For the first time Parker understood her. Being a witch was their destiny but something in Parker wanted a normal destiny too. She wanted to be able to go out on dates and fall in love without hiding a secret, but she knew that was impossible. 
“I understand. Trust me I get it, but we cannot deny destiny. We will just have to find a way to fix this. To make it all work. Our destinies say we are meant to save the world, so we do that, just in between dates, sex, and fun.” Parker said. 
Parker saying that surprised Savannah. 

 
Chapter 19-
Faye drove off from the Blackwell Manor in a hurry. She did not want to talk to Parker or Savannah about her not wanting to do this. She did not want to have to defend her decision to them. She wants a normal life, a magic free, demon free, life. She did not want to go home right now, so she decided to drive. 
She did not have anywhere to go or anywhere to be, when she drove past the cemetery. She looked outside her passenger window as she drove by. Faye decided to park. 
The cemetery was empty at this time of night and it was utterly spooky to Faye. There was only one person that Faye knew inside this cemetery, and that was Hayley. She walked pass countless of graves, until she found Hayley’s. It was underneath a large blooming tree that had been there forever. The moon was shining down on Hayley’s headstone. 
Faye just sat down next to her headstone and stared at it. She missed Hayley more than anything and anyone, right now. She could really use someone to talk to right now about everything that is happening, everything that Sebastian said. How could this happen? She wondered, How could she be a witch and her destiny ruin her life? 
“I miss you Hayley,” Faye said to Hayley’s headstone. The headstone read, “Hayley Roads, a loving daughter, sister, and friend”. Faye laughed at that. She could not believe how bleak it was. Hayley was so much more than a loving daughter, sister, and friend. Faye played with the grass by the headstone, thinking about Hayley. She was feisty, smart, irreplaceable, and imperfect. Hayley Roads was Faye’s best friend in the whole world – besides Parker and Savannah. She could not believe that Hayley was gone. It had been two years since she died and Faye crumbled down. 
Faye started to tear up; thinking of Hayley always caused this for her. She would hate thinking of Hayley around everyone. She only felt safe thinking of her here – with Hayley. “I still can’t believe you’re gone.” Faye said to Hayley. When Hayley died, Savannah left town, and it became too much for Faye to be around Parker, Faye found drugs. She started to lose all her weight, became popular, became an addict, and tried so hard to forget Hayley, but it became impossible. Therefore, Faye decided to slowly come and visit Hayley and it was with her, at her grave, Faye decided to give up drugs this past summer. The place helped Faye move on and grieve. She hated it here but at the same time loved it. It was her safe haven. 
“I can’t believe this is happening.” Faye told Hayley. “I’m a witch. A freaking witch!” she just sat there for a little while longer, talking it over with Hayley. “I just can’t do this. I cannot be a witch. Right now, more than anything, I just…I just want you back. You could help me through this, help me get over it and maybe I would not be craving a high right now. I miss you more than you know Hayley. Maybe you could just give me a sign on what to do.” 
Faye knew it was not going to happen. Getting a sign from the dead was pushing it, as learning that she is a magical witch whose duty is to save the world. Get real, she thought. She stood up and looked at Hayley’s headstone. “Come on, just a sign, anything to tell me what to do.” She said. 
That is when it happened. Faye heard someone walking around the cemetery. She started looking around, when she spotted a shadowy figure rushing by. She jumped behind the large tree, hiding from whoever it is. She twisted her head around to get a closer look of the person. They headed towards the mausoleum in the cemetery. She looked closer, and the moon shined right on him and Faye got a glimpse. It was Huck – the demon. 
Faye said “Shit!” loudly, causing Huck to turn around looking to find out who was around. Faye covered her entire body back up by the tree, avoiding Huck from seeing her. A minute passed and Faye heard the door of the mausoleum loudly shut. She let the breath she was holding in, out. Was this the sign? Faye wondered. It has to be. Faye slowly made her way towards the mausoleum, checking around to make sure the coast was clear. It was. She carefully opened the door and snuck in. She silently closed it behind her. 
Faye slowly walked down each step of the mausoleum, hearing some type of noise. It was Huck making a sound. She slowly made it down towards some sort of light. She poked her head around the corner and noticed the light was fire. She did not get a good look at Huck right away but then noticed him. He was up against one of the tombstones on the wall. He was groaning. Faye looked closer and saw blood. I guess demons bleed, thought Faye. 
Huck was bleeding from the knife that Savannah had thrown at him. The knife was now sitting on the floor, next to him, and he was trying to mess with the wound. It was making Faye woozy and she said – without thinking – “gross”. 
Huck shot his head up and without even hesitating threw a lightning ball straight towards Faye. She moved back behind the stair wall and gasped. 
“Come out witch!” Huck said. Faye heard him make moaning sounds as he got up onto his feet. Faye waited a moment and was about to go out when another lightning ball hit the wall. Pieces of the wall shattered to the ground. 
“Whoa” Faye said. She looked at the tiny bit of area that she could see from behind the wall and noticed a coffin like statue she could hide behind avoiding him. She made a dash for it, dodging another lightning ball. “Dude you might as well give up” she said to Huck. She knew she should have just run away, but what if this was her sign she could not leave it alone. 
“I think witch, you should just stop hiding and get this over with. The faster I kill you the least amount of pain I will inflict on you.” Huck said. 
Faye did not like that so much, “Nah” she said. She crawled to one of the edges of the coffin statue. She tried to get a good enough look of Huck to use her power but he chucked another lightning ball. She ducked back behind it. “Is that all you got?” 
“Come out and find out” Huck said. 
Faye had an idea. She waved her hand in the air for a moment, and Huck threw a lightning ball at her. Once it hit the wall, she jumped up and concentrated on Huck. He flew against the wall, causing a large crack down the wall. Faye knew it was time to run. She hurried up the stairs and out the mausoleum. She slammed the door shut behind her and quickly tried to figure out where she parked the car. She found it and ran to it. 
If this was her sign, Faye was not too fond of it. She ran past Hayley’s grave and she said, “Thanks a lot”. She ran out of there as fast as she could, hoped into her car and drove off. 

Chapter 20-
On Wednesday morning, Faye did her best to ignore Savannah and Parker. She skipped first period and watched every corner to make sure running into her old friends would not happen. The only thing she did not count on was they wanted to find her. 
Faye went into the girl’s bathroom in 3rd period. She looked at herself in the mirror before going into a stall. Her long dark black hair was in a ponytail, as she did not have the energy to fix it this morning. She was wearing sweatpants and a baggy t-shirt from Crosby she took a while back. She had been dating Crosby since the end of freshman year. He was an all-star football player and had moved to town during freshman year to play ball for the Charm Harbor High Gladiators. They were one of the best teams in the state. All of Charm Harbor High’s sport teams are the best. 
Faye had not put on too much make up today but enough to cover up the bags underneath her eyes. She did not get much sleep last night after the whole battle with a demon, learning her supposed destiny, and fighting Huck again by herself. She was exhausted and upset. She did not want be a witch, or want magical powers, and she certainly did not ask for any of this. She went into an empty stall and did her business. While going the bathroom two more stall doors closed next to her. 
Once she was finished she went to the sink and washed her hands. She looked up in the mirror and standing behind her in the doorway of the two stalls were Savannah and Parker. She rolled her eyes and took a deep breath. “What the hell? Are you stalking me or something?” Faye asked. 
“We need to talk with you. It’s important.” Parker said. 
“I don’t want to talk. I just want to forget it all happened.” Faye said. She turned off the water and grabbed a paper towel. She dried her hands and headed for the door when they stopped her. 
“You need to listen to us for a few minutes. Please.” Savannah said to her. 
“You have two minutes,” Faye told them. 
“Okay, listen. You have to do this.” Parker said. “I know you don’t want to, you don’t want to feel obligated to us or magic or whatever, but this is important. This is our destiny. We are, meant to save the world, protect it. We are meant to do that together, not apart.”
“You don’t get it, Parker. Neither does Savannah. Accepting the fact that I am a witch, a powerful witch with magical powers is outrageous. It is impossible and accepting that would mean everything changes. I could never go out on a normal date again without thinking is he a demon, is he trying to kill me, is there a demon out there killing innocent people and I’m supposed to stop it. I will never be normal again, none of us will, do you want that?” Faye said. 
It struck a chord with Savannah, “Of course I don’t want that. I want everything to go back the way it was. I had a good life, but change is inevitable. Change happens and you change with it or you stay in the past and are there. Trust me Faye, I do not want to know that my life is depended on saving other people’s lives but that is what it is. Our lives are to save now everyone else’s. Being a witch is our destiny no matter if you accept that or not, you will not go back to normal. Normal is never going to be possible again.” 
“Faye, listen, I want to be normal, and Savannah does too. Nevertheless, we understand that life has thrown us this curveball. We have to figure out a way to be normal again, just as normal magical witches. Sebastian wasn’t saying that we can’t be normal again, he was just saying magic will have to probably come first.” Parker said. 
“Well I want normal. I do not want to be responsible for saving people. I do not want to put my life on the line everyday to save stupid people who do not even know that things like this are happening. If you both want that then that is your decision, but I do not want it and I am not going to accept it. It’s that simple.” Faye said. Faye looked at them and said, “Your two minutes are up.” Faye walked out of the bathroom and left Savannah and Parker in there. 
“I can’t believe she won’t just listen to us. She is being so stubborn.” Parker said.  
“We can’t blame her for her wanting a completely normal life. We all want that.” Savannah said.  
“I get it. I do, but she doesn’t want any part of this and it is putting not just her life but our lives too, in danger.” Parker said. Parker headed for the door. “We shouldn’t see Sebastian right now. We need to focus on getting Faye to come around, okay?” Parker left the bathroom as Savannah nodded at her. Savannah wanted to see Sebastian again. Something about him was pulling her to him. She did not know what it was, or what she was feeling but she knew she had mixed feelings. 
Savannah left the bathroom and as she turned the corner, she ran right into Trey. “Wow can’t wait for tomorrow?” Trey said with a smirk. 
Savannah was speechless for a moment, “Actually I can’t wait, but I might need to reschedule.” She said with a sorry look. She is not sure that going out with Trey right now, in the middle of whatever is going on with Sebastian and her and this magic debacle, was the best decision. 
“Seriously” Trey seemed crushed. “But I planned like the perfect date, you would really be impressed. 
Savannah bit her bottom lip, trying to picture the perfect date. In her mind, it would be them together doing pretty much anything. “Okay well I guess I can’t miss the perfect date.” She said with a smile. 
Trey leaned in and kissed her on the cheek. He started to slowly walk away and said, “You’re gonna love it. I am going to walk away now so you do not change your mind again. I’ll see you tomorrow.” She watched him walk away and could not stop smiling. She missed him more than she knew and still had those feelings for him that she had the day she broke his heart. 
Chapter 21-
Thursday after school, Parker did not have tennis practice so she decided to help Savannah get ready for her date. The doorbell rang and Grams answered it. She opened the front door to Parker standing on the front porch. 
“Hi Grams is Savannah here?” Parker asked as she came inside. 
“She’s in her room. Having a meltdown maybe you can help her.” Grams said. 
Parker went upstairs and knocked on Savannah’s door. “Go away!” Savannah shouted through the door. 
“It’s me Parker, let me in.” Parker told Savannah. Parker felt the door unlock and she opened it. Savannah collapsed back on her bed. Her room looked like a bomb had hit it – twice. There were boxes everywhere, things all over the ground, clothes flung over everything. “I see you aren’t having the best of time.” Parker said. 
“What gave it away?” Savannah said sarcastically. Parker moved something and sat down next to Savannah. She laid back and stared at the ceiling fan move around and around. 
“Do you remember when we would all just lay here and talk about everything?” Parker asked her. 
“Yeah, I remember when Faye got sick because she stared the fan after eating food Grams gave her.” Savannah said. They both shared a smile. “I miss those times.” Savannah seemed super sad and she was. 
“What’s wrong Savi?” Parker asked. 
“I don’t think I can go out with Trey.” Savannah told her.
“Why not, you still like him right?” Parker wondered.
“Of course, but I just don’t think I can do it, to lie to him straight at his face.” 
“Why would you be lying?” Parker asked.
“About a certain magical thing” Savannah said.
“You’re not lying; you are just not telling him everything. Do not think of it as lying. Think of it as keeping him safe. Who knows what could happen if the demons found out he knew.” Parker said.
“Yeah that’s another reason. What if some demon attacks or hurts Trey, I could never forgive myself if I’m the reason he gets hurt.” Savannah said. 
“It won’t happen. I promise you that. You’re going to go and you guys will have an absolutely amazing time.” Parker said.
“You really think so?” Savannah was hoping Parker was not just trying to make her feel better. “What about Hayley?”
“What about her?” Parker asked.
“What if it’s too much to be around him? What if I just can’t handle it?” Savannah asked.
“Listen, if it’s too much, you just leave. Although I doubt it will be. Hayley is dead, has been for two years, and it is not as if he’s asking you out at random. You both dated before Hayley died. I don’t think it will be such a problem.” Parker started to ease some of Savannah’s nerves. 
“You think so?” Savannah asked. 
“Yup, so get up and let’s get you ready.” Parker sat up and got off the bed. She grabbed Savannah’s hand and pulled her up off the bed too. “What do you have to wear for tonight?” 
“I don’t have anything really.” Savannah said. 
“What does that mean?” Parker asked her.
“It means that my dating life in California was not the best. I dated one guy and that was it. So I don’t have anything to special to wear tonight.” Savannah told her.
“We can figure something out.” Parker told her. 
Savannah and Parker started to go through all of Savannah’s clothes. They finally landed on a cute outfit that was not “too girly” as Savannah did not want that. Savannah sat down in front of her mirror and Parker worked some magic – not literally. 
Once Parker was finished fixing Savannah’s hair and makeup she twirled her around to see. She looked beautiful. Her blonde hair was straight, her makeup was neutral and Savannah loved it. “I love it. I look normal, not too girly but great.” Savannah said.
“I’m glad because Trey should be here any minute.” Parker said. The doorbell rang, “Speak of the devil”. 
“Can you go downstairs and tell him I’ll be right down. I just need to calm down first.” Savannah said. 
“Yeah I tell him. You look beautiful.” Parker told her. She headed for the stairs and saw Grams and Trey talking. 
“I plan to have her home before curfew, promise.” Trey told Grams. 
“She’ll be right down” Parker interrupted. 
Trey nervously smiled and said, “Thanks”. 
They all turned their heads towards the stairs as Savannah made her grand entrance. She looked perfect. “Hi” Savannah said. 
“You look just beautiful honey,” Grams said. 
“Completely” Parker said. 
Trey did not say anything he was just star struck. “Hi” Savannah said again. “Are you ready?” Trey did not move, his eyes beating on Savannah. She snapped her fingers and he finally snapped out of it. 
“Sorry. Yeah I’m ready.” Trey said. They headed for the door. Trey opened it for her. 
“Bye guys” Savannah said to Grams and Parker. They walked outside onto the porch. Grams and Parker just waited for the door to shut. 
“Our little girl’s all grown up” Parker said. 
“Yup, she’s a young woman now.” Grams said. 
Outside, Savannah and Trey walked to his car parked out front. He opened the passenger door for her as she stepped up to it he said, “By the way, you do look beautiful.” 
“I do?” Savannah did not have much practice at this whole dating thing. Trey was her first boyfriend, then she had another one but it ended in California. She did not have experience at this dating thing. 
“Yes, you look completely hot” he said. Savannah got into his car and smiled. Hot, at least I have that going for me already, she thought. Trey got into the driver seat and buckled up. “Are you ready?” Trey asked her. 
“Yep, I’m ready for this perfect date.” Savannah said and both laughed. 
Chapter 21-
The night before every game, Faye and Crosby went out on a date. It was his “pre game ritual” as he liked to call it. He was very superstitious about messing with perfection. Today though is anything but perfection. 
Crosby picked up Faye at her house half past seven o’clock. She did not like Crosby coming into the house so she ran out to him in his Ford pickup truck. She had only introduced her parents to Crosby twice before. She hated her family life. Everyone in town believed that the Duncan family was the perfect all American family, but Faye knew better. Her mother was a perfectionist and liked it her way, her father was a cheater – but her mother did not care – and her little brothers fought twenty-four seven. They were anything but, perfect, no matter how much her mother – and the town – wanted to believe it. 
Faye hopped into Crosby’s pickup truck and he kissed her. Faye knew she was the luckiest girl in school to be dating Crosby. Every girl threw herself at him – even still now – but he chose Faye. He was the “good ole’ boy”. He did not drink that much, he did not talk about other girls or even cared about anyone other than Faye. She was perfect to him. He did not know about her being an addict, and she liked it that way. 
“Are you ready babe?” Crosby asked Faye. 
“Yeah let’s go.” She told him. They headed to the restaurant. They had a standing Thursday night table – during football season – at the nicest restaurant in town, Michelangelo. It was the only Italian restaurant in Charm Harbor and the nicest restaurant period. 
They pulled into an open space in front of the restaurant. They walked inside to a beautifully low-lit room, perfect for romance. They walked inside and the hostess knew Faye and Crosby. “It’s that time of the year already?” the woman seemed surprised to see them. 
“Yep, first game’s tomorrow.” Crosby told the young woman in her twenties. She was pretty but Crosby was not noticing. 
“Well I have your seats all ready for you guys. Right this way.” The hostess said. Crosby grabbed Faye’s hand, he smiled at her and she showed him a smiled back. They followed the hostess through the restaurant to a table in the back. It was their usual table. They sat down across from each other and the hostess handed them their menus. “Your waitress should be right with you.” The hostess said and then walked back to her post. 
Crosby started in on the menu already. Faye had no clue why, Crosby always ordered the same thing every time, Spaghetti and meatballs, with an extra order of meatballs. 
“So what are you going to get?” Crosby asked Faye. Her mind was going in so many directions with food not one of them. She did not feel like going out tonight, but she did it anyway because she knew how lucky she was to have Crosby. 
She looked into her menu and just scanned some of the items. She liked to spice it up sometimes – getting something different occasionally. Whatever she would order she knew it was going to be delicious. It always was. “I’m thinking of the Ravioli,” Faye told Crosby. 
“Babe you only get the Ravioli when you’re depressed. What’s up?” Crosby knew Faye all too well. 
“I don’t order it only when I’m depressed. I order it because it is delicious. That’s it.” Faye tried to defend her choice.
“Faye I know you. What’s wrong?” Crosby asked. 
Faye looked up at Crosby, contemplating telling him the truth. Telling him could risk everything though, but Faye believed he would not tell, or would he? She looked into his eyes; they were so blue she could feel the breeze of the ocean from here. “Nothing’s wrong.” She lied. She could not help but think that Crosby did not know her at all. He does not know about the drugs, or Hayley – which is because she will not talk about it – and now the whole being a magical witch. 
“Whatever you say,” Crosby said. The server walked up to the table.
“What can I get for you guys tonight?” The server asked. 
“I’ll start off with the spaghetti and meatballs but can I get a side of extra meatballs?” Crosby said. Faye could not help but let out a small giggle. She knew Crosby just as much as he thinks he knows her. 
“You may, what about you?” The server asked Faye. Faye looked at Crosby, ordering the Ravioli would mean he would be right about that but ordering something else would also mean he would be right. She had mixed feelings. 
“Can I get the Ravioli?” Faye said. Crosby smiled, as he knew she was depressed. “But also can I get a Pasta Al Forno?” Faye thought she should mix it up. 
The server seemed a little surprised, “Sure I’ll get that right in. What about drinks?” 
“Dr. Pepper and a diet one” Crosby ordered for both of them. The server wrote it down and walked away. “So Faye, Ravioli and…Pasta Al Forno, you sure you’re okay? You must be really depressed.”
“I’m not depressed; I’m just conflicted on some things.” Faye told him. 
“Do you want to talk about it?” Crosby asked. He was always there for Faye; it was killing her not to share some of her deepest darkest secrets – starting with Hayley. They always seemed to start with Hayley. 
“No I don’t really want to talk about them at all.” Faye said. “So let’s change the subject.” 
“Do you want to talk about tomorrow night?” Crosby asked. 
“Sure you can talk about the game.” Faye said. 
Crosby started talking about tomorrow night’s game. It was the first of the season and Crosby loved to talk about football anytime of the day. Faye just listened, thinking of all her problems she was having. Could she really trust Crosby with her secrets? She wanted to think so, but was not sure. She was not sure she could trust anyone besides Parker and Savannah. 
Chapter 22-
After helping out Savannah, get ready for her date with Trey, Parker stopped by the CAFÉ and waited to place her take out order. The CAFÉ was the most modern, upscale, but cheap, and teenager friendly restaurant in town besides the diner. She walked over to a table by the window. She was used to getting dinner for herself since her mom left. Her dad liked to work late hours and would just warm something up that Parker brought him or that he had gotten himself. 
Parker stared out the window as she waited for her server. The place was not packed, but busy. “What can I get you?” a familiar voice asked Parker. 
She turned around and saw Micah standing there. He looked up from his notepad and smiled, “Micah?” 
“Parker” He said. 
“You work here?” she asked him.
“Yup, I got the job a few days ago.” Micah told Parker. He sat down at the empty seat in front of her. “What are you doing here?”
“Take out.” She told him.
“You eating alone?” he wondered.
“I usually do.” 
“Well we can’t have that. Give me five minutes and I’ll meet you right back here.” Micah told her, as he got up from the table and was walking away. 
“What about my order?” Parker stopped him.
“I’ll surprise you,” he told her. 

Micah came back a few minutes later – minus the apron. He was holding a large brown take out bag. Parker smiled, “So what are we eating?” she asked him. She expected him to sit back down but instead he put his hand out – for her to take it. 
“We’re not gonna eat here. Take my hand.” He told her. Now confused by this, she did not know if she should go, but she took his hand anyway. She got up and they walked out of the CAFÉ. 
“So where are we going then?” Parker asked him. 
He smiled at her and said, “We’ll see”. 

Micah and Parker kept walking under the moonlight, when they reached the tip of the road. “We’re eating here?” Parker was confused. 
“Not here.” Micah said. He looked down the metal railing, “Down there.” 
Parker looked down and saw a small area of beach that did not seem to be disturbed. They walked a little bit and then went down a small-unused walkway that leads down to the beach. They walked to the spot and sat down. 
“How’s this?” Micah asked. 
“It’s perfect,” she told him. 
He started to pull out some take out containers from the CAFÉ and two small drinks. “I tried my best at figuring out what you liked.” Micah said to her. They started taking the lids off the containers and looking at what they had. 
“We have pasta, French fries, salad, Mac and Cheese, and my personal favorite the grilled cheese.” Micah said. 
Parker just laughed. “It’s great,” she said. They started to eat and talk. 
“So tell me about you.” Micah said. 
“There is not much to tell. I have lived my entire life in Charm Harbor. My father is the town sheriff.” 
“Your dad is the sheriff? That sounds… interesting.” Micah said. 
“It can be, I guess.” Parker said.
“So he can’t like arrest me for taking you out on a date, can he?” Micah said. Parker was surprised that he thought this was a date. 
“You think this is a date?” Parker wondered.
“Well I brought food, paid for it, took you to a romantic spot, and we kissed.” Micah said. 
“We haven’t kissed yet” Parker said to him.
“Really, well I guess we will have to fix that.” Micah then leaned into Parker and kissed her. She let him. Parker started to laugh. “What is it?” Micah awkwardly laughed.
“Your breath smells like grilled cheese.” Parker told him. 
“It’s because it’s delicious.” He picked up half the grilled cheese and put it in front of her, “Go ahead and try it.” 
Parker took a bite and shook her head. “You’re right, it’s delicious.” She said with a smile. 
They both kept eating, “So tell me about you. Why did you move here?” Parker asked him. 
“My adoptive parents wanted to move here. We’ve moved around a lot over the last few years.” Micah said. 
“Your adopted parents, you are adopted?” 
“Yeah, my parents died when I was four and then I was adopted by the time I turned six. I was one of the lucky ones.” Micah told her. She could not imagine losing her dad. 
“I didn’t mean to pry,” she said. 
“No worries. I do not mind talking about it. I love my adoptive parents the same way I loved my real parents. They’re both my parents,” Micah said. 
“What else is there that I don’t know?” she asked, wondering.
“I love Star Wars but hate the new movies. I have this addiction with watching certain TV shows, and I love Jazz.” Micah said. 
“What TV shows?” she wanted to know. 
“Promise not to make fun of me?” 
“Cross my heart” Parker said. 
“I have an addiction with watching Grey’s Anatomy and any science fiction show.” Micah said. 
Parker laughed, “You love Grey’s? I love Grey’s,” Parker told him. 
“Are you serious or are just pulling my chain?” Micah wanted to make sure. 
“I’m dead serious. I love it.” Parker said. 
Micah smiled at her and just kissed her again. “You are amazing,” he told her. 
They kept eating and talking. Parker was learning a bunch of things about him and he was learning things about her. She had not told him about Hayley though, but figured he would find out eventually. 
Chapter 23-
“So how does a classic Hitchcock movie marathon sound?” Trey asked Savannah. They were still driving around town. It was their night out and the stars were shining. 
“It sounds awesome.” Savannah told him. 
“Great, because that’s what we’re doing, you remember the once a month classic movie marathon at the cemetery we used to do?” Trey asked Savannah.
“Yeah, I used to love going.” Savannah said.
“I remember. That’s where we had our first date,” Trey said.
He remembers, Savannah thought to herself. It made her smile. “I remember.” Savannah said. 
They had their first date at the classic movie marathon that Hayley would never go with Savannah to see. Hayley hated black and white movies and old ones at that. Savannah remembered that Hayley and she were arguing about it one day and when Hayley left, Trey came up and asked Savannah out to it. They made it an annual monthly thing, though it stopped when Savannah left town. They had only been dating for a few months when Hayley died and then everything changed. 
They pulled into the cemetery and got out. Trey grabbed a basket from the backseat, “I figured a picnic? Like we used to do?” Savannah loved that he remembered. 
“That does sound like the perfect date.” Savannah said. They started walking towards the noise in the cemetery. They had come here multiple times before, two years ago. As they walked to the area where it took place, Trey gradually grabbed Savannah’s hand. They walked holding hands for rest of the way. Savannah loved the feeling she had with his hand on hers. She got Goosebumps from it. It felt like two years ago, as if nothing had changed between them. Trey had not felt this way since Savannah left town. Sure, he had dated a few girls in the last two years, but nobody quite felt like Savannah. 
They reached the group of others who liked to watch scary classic movies in a cemetery. Trey and Savannah found an empty part of grass and he laid out the blanket he brought. They sat down next to each other and he opened the picnic basket. “So what’d you bring?” Savannah asked him. 
Trey started to pull things out of the basket. “I brought your favorites,” he said, “The diner food”. He pulled out a takeout bag from the diner. “I brought chili-cheese fries and chicken fingers” he pulled out of the bag first. “I also brought ribs, your favorite right?” 
Savannah could not believe this. When they went on their picnics to the movies, they would only bring takeout food. She could not believe he decided to bring it again. “Yeah they’re my favorite,” She said. 
“Good” he said. He turned to her and leaned in close, “I also brought two more things.” He then pulled out from the basket without looking, a small takeout box. “How about a piece of cherry pie?” he said. She put her hand around his head, weaved her fingers through his hair and pulled him in close. She kissed him. It was just as if they kissed two years ago. It was perfect. “Wow if I knew that was all it took to get a kiss out of you I would’ve left the milkshakes at home.” He pulled out two milkshakes from the basket too. 
Savannah laughed. He was so charming and reminded her of just how much she loved him two years ago. “I can’t believe you brought all this. I cannot believe you remember all this. All of my favorite things,” she said. 
“You’re a hard girl to forget” Trey said with one of his delightful smiles. She kissed him again and as she did, she took her milkshake from his hand and pulled away. 
“The milkshakes are harder to forget” she joked. She pulled the half-straw rapper off her straw and took a sip.
“Trust me, you’re much harder to forget,” he said. Trey seemed unsettled by this. He had been trying to forget Savannah since she walked out of his life two years ago, but has not had any luck. Forgetting her, forgetting what she did to his heart, it was harder than he wished it were. However, she was back and he just hoped things could be better this time. 
The movie projector started to play the first movie of the night and Savannah moved in closer to Trey. 

The movies were playing; Trey and Savannah finished their food – all besides of the piece of cherry pie. Savannah was lying in Trey’s arms. She loved the way she felt in his arms. The way he wrapped his arms around her to keep her warm, it was like a scene from a movie. 
“You want that pie now?” Trey asked her. 
“I don’t want to move. I like it right here.” She said. Trey leaned his neck down and Savannah inched hers up. They kissed. It was exactly like a movie, thought Savannah. 

The movies finished and Trey and Savannah were the last to leave. “I guess we should probably go. You never know what happens around a cemetery at night.” Trey said. 
“Yeah, I guess we should.” Savannah said. She slowly crept out of Trey’s arms and got up. He got up right after her. They picked up everything and put it back inside the basket. “I had a good time,” she told Trey. 
They walked back to his car, holding hands. He kissed her and said, “I had a good time too. I’ve missed you.” 
It was as if their relationship did not end that day. The day that Savannah told him, she was leaving Charm Harbor and never had plans to return. That she had to move on from him and he has to move on from her. It broke her to say that to him but it was necessary. Talking to him, seeing him, falling deeper in love with him would have been too much, two years ago. She needed a clean break and she found her way out. Now, as she falls back in love with him every time she is with him she cannot help but miss Hayley and feel like she is lying to him. She loved him, but was love worth feeling like this?
“I’ve missed you too.” She said as they got back to his car. She got in and they drove back to her house. It was almost curfew and Grams was probably waiting up just to make sure she got in on time – and to ask how it was. They pulled into her driveway and Trey turned the car off. He got out of the car and hurried to her side of the car. He opened her door like a true gentleman and Savannah got out. 
They walked up the porch steps and stopped. The porch light was on and they looked at each other. “I guess this is where we say our goodnights.” Trey said. 
“I guess you’re right. I would invite you in but Grams is a bit of a warden when it comes to inviting boys inside.” Savannah joked.
“Just how many boys have been invited in?” Trey asked. 
“Oh, well, you, and just the whole football team.” Savannah said laughing. 
“Yeah isn’t your brother on the football team?” Trey figured it out.
“You caught me.” Savannah laughed again. They kissed one more time. 
“Goodnight Savannah” Trey said. He walked back to his car and Savannah watched him pull out. She waited for him to be gone before she went inside. 
“Good date?” Grams asked Savannah. Grams was sitting in the living room with a cup of tea. 
Savannah went over and plopped down next to Grams. “You know when you meet the perfect boy and everything seems to go right but something’s off?” Savannah asked.
“Yeah, I’ve felt that here and there.” Grams said. 
“I feel like the same girl that fell in love with Trey two years ago when I’m with him, but I’m not her anymore, you know?” 
“I know. You’ve grown up and changed.” Grams told her.
“Yeah I’m just not sure if that girl and this girl are similar enough for me and Trey, to be the same way again.” Savannah said. 
“I know you miss Hayley and you’ve been through a lot in these last two years but so has Trey. I think you are not giving him enough credit for probably changing just as much as you changed. He probably was just trying to be the boy he was when you both were together two years ago. I know deep down you still feel something for him, even though you’re the new you.” Grams said. 
She said the perfect thing. Maybe Trey has changed too, thought Savannah. “Thanks Grams” Savannah gave Grams a kiss on the cheek and went up to her room. She knew that she could never tell Trey the truth about Hayley’s death but maybe since then he had changed in all the ways she had. She did not even think about how hard it probably was for Trey to go to the cemetery tonight. Savannah thought about Hayley a few times throughout the night, looking over to where her grave was. She did not want to go over there; she did not want to ruin the date. However, Savannah was now determined to figure out if Trey changed, as she had. 
She opened the door to her room and squealed when she saw Sebastian lying down on her bed. He was fully clothed, a shame, thought Savannah. She quickly shut her door. “What do you think you’re doing in here?” she asked him. She kept her voice down – she did not want Grams or George to walk in with him in her room. 
“I heard you were on a date, I’m crushed.” Sebastian said. Savannah could tell he was just being an ass to cover up his real feelings. He sat up and smiled. 
“And the question still lingers, what the hell are you doing in here?” Savannah asked again. 
“I needed to see you.” Sebastian said. 
“Seriously” Savannah was just making sure. 
“Yes, but not in the way you’re thinking, then again, unless you wanted it to be, then I’m open to it.” Sebastian said.
“You are an ass. What if my Grams or brother saw you?” Savannah posed the question.
“I know how to be quiet and it’s not like I used the front door.” He had a good point. 
“Fine what do you want?” Savannah asked him.
“I need to know how much longer it’s going to take to get Faye to stop being like a little girl. So what if she cannot be prom queen or whatever. It’s over-rated anyhow.” Sebastian spoke with experience. 
“What do you know about being prom king?” Savannah was intrigued. 
“In a prior life I was prom king. Not all it’s cracked up to be.” Sebastian said. He got off her bed and started to mess around with her stuff. 
“So are you like dead, or are you alive? It’s really confusing.” Savannah asked.
“I’m dead.” Sebastian said. “I can’t feel a thing.”
“Nothing” Savannah asked. “Not even this?” She pushed up against him and kissed him. He kissed her back but she pushed off. 
“I could definitely feel that.” Sebastian said. Savannah knew there was probably some other sort of way she could have tested that but it was the first thing that came to mind. She did not count it as cheating. She and Trey were not exactly boyfriend and girlfriend right now. She actually did not know what they were, and she knew she had some type of feelings for Sebastian, whether it was true or lust. 
“So I don’t know how long it’s going to take to get Faye to come around.” Savannah said. 
Sebastian was still hung up on the kiss, “Wouldn’t your boyfriend not like the fact that you just kissed someone so much better looking than him?” 
“He’s not my boyfriend, and you’re not better looking” Savannah said, though she did not fully mean it. They were both gorgeous but in different ways, she guessed. 
“Trust me I know I’m better looking” Sebastian said. He was cocky but Savannah knew that was probably just on the surface. 
“Okay you got your information now you can go.” Savannah told him.
“Actually since I’m here I was wondering if you wanted to learn some stuff.” Sebastian offered. 
Stuff, she thought. “Like what kind of stuff?” Savannah asked.
“Well I could probably teach you a thing or two in the bedroom but you’d probably make too much noise.” 
“Only one or two things, how disappointing,” Savannah said with a smirk. 
“Ouch” he said with a smile. “I’m talking about magic stuff. Do you know how to do a spell, or make a potion? Anything?” he asked her. 
“No I kind of just learned about all this like a few days ago. How would I know how to do any of that stuff?” Savannah said. 
“I guess I’ll just have to teach you.” Sebastian said. 
“We can’t do that here,” Savannah said. 
Sebastian walked up close to Savannah, brushing his body against hers. “Hold on tight, wouldn’t want you to get lost” Sebastian said. 
“Get lost?” She questioned Sebastian. She wrapped her arms around him and Sebastian teleported them through a bright light. Savannah still did not know what the light was or how he got his powers but, in due time she figured. 
Chapter 24-
Sebastian and Savannah arrived inside the Blackwell Manor. Sebastian let go of Savannah as she tried to let herself catch up with herself. “So what do you want to learn?” Sebastian asked Savannah.
She caught up with herself and walked over to Sebastian. He was sitting down on the couch. The book is sitting next to him. Savannah eyed the book and said, “I want to know what’s in the book.” 
Sebastian grabbed the book and opened it. He started flipping through the papers, skimming over them. “What do you want to know?” 
“Firstly, the ‘Spellbound Spell’ what is it?” Savannah said. 
Sebastian flipped to the page and patted down on the open seat next to him. Savannah hesitated for a moment and then sat down next to him. He handed her the book. She ran her fingers over the page. It was just as worn as the first day she felt it, two years ago. She looked over the spell and remembered every word of it. “This doesn’t explain the spell.” 
“It’s not supposed to. The spell is not explainable exactly. The “Spellbound Spell” is the spell that bounds all of you together forever.” Sebastian said. Savannah just listened as Sebastian explained. “The spell is the reason your magic came out already. Normally witches don’t get their magic until they turn 18, but you found the book early.”
“So you’re saying that we weren’t supposed to find the book?” Savannah wondered.
“You weren’t supposed to find it, well yet. However, once you did everything was going to change. Every grimoire has a ‘Spellbound Spell’ and yours is stronger than most, causing your powers to go into overdrive. Then you left town, causing a rift in the plans of the universe. Now that you are back, your magic will start to develop faster than you will be able to control it. That’s the spell.” Sebastian said. Savannah could not believe it. They cast a spell that turned them into this. 
“So what does this mean?” Savannah asked Sebastian.
“It means that no matter where you all go, you’ll be witches. You will be spellbound. The difference will only be the fact that in danger, if you don’t stick together, that’s what the spell is about.” Sebastian said. 
“What else is in this book?” Savannah asked him. The book was an ancient grimoire that contained spells, potions and lists of demons that fellow owners of the book have gone up against, well tried to. 
“Everything,” Sebastian said. He took the book back and flipped through it. He stopped on a page. Savannah read what it said; Flames to Flames. 
“What’s this?” Savannah asked him. 
“This spell can ignite flames. You say it and poof, fire.” He put the book on Savannah’s lap. “Go ahead and try it.” 
“Really?” she asked. He nodded. “Okay, I’ll do that.” She read the spell in her head and then said it aloud, 
Flames and Flames
Water and Air
Ignite the power
Flames to Flames
Suddenly flames appear on the couch across from Savannah and Sebastian. “Oh-my-gosh” Savannah said as the flames appeared. She was not surprised but shocked that it happened. 
“See it works,” Sebastian said. The fire was starting to get out of hand. 
“What do we do?” Savannah was starting to freak out. She got up off the couch; Sebastian just sat there unnerved by what was taking place. “Hello! What do we do?” Savannah yelled at Sebastian.
“Calm down. To undo the spell, say it backwards.” Sebastian told her. 
She looked at the book one more time and said it back,
Flames to Flames
Ignite the power
Water and Air
Flames to Flames
Then abruptly the fire just stopped. “That was awesome,” Savannah told Sebastian. “Let’s try another.” 
“Slow down,” Sebastian told her. “Let’s just check out the spells first.” 
Savannah sat back down on the couch next to Sebastian. They started to flip through the book. Savannah saw many different spells, ones for the truth, for possessing a new power for twenty-four hours, for love, and for killing different demons. Savannah’s mesmerized by the new information she just gained. “There’s literally a spell for shape shifting? Like I could become someone else for a set amount of time?” 
“That’s not a spell to mess with, none of them are. These spells are powerful and dangerous and you shouldn’t be messing around with them.” Sebastian told her. 
“But if we just practice with them, what’s the harm?” Savannah asked. 
“There’s a cost for using magic for your own gain. Using these spells to find out what people really think of you or to walk a mile in someone else’s shoes, there are consequences for that. The universe doesn’t allow it and it will bite you in the ass if you try it.” Sebastian said. 
“So you’re telling me that I can’t just try out some of these spells?” Savannah was trying to figure it all out. 
“Doing these spells, using your magic when you shouldn’t will put not just your life in danger but Faye’s and Parker’s as well. It could mean life or death for all of you.” Sebastian said. “So I think we’ve had enough for today, maybe I’ll show you another one sometime later.” 
“Seriously, we can try some others. I won’t go spell crazy or anything.” Savannah told him.
“No we can’t. Just go home.” Sebastian told her. 
Savannah was confused. Maybe Sebastian really is an ass. She got up and left – slamming the door in the process. Savannah walked home in the middle of the night, remembering the “Flames to Flames” spell, re-reading it in her head over, and over again. She loved how she had the power to do that. To blink and to ignite flames. Savannah was just now realizing just how powerful she – they – really are. 
Chapter 25-
Friday morning Savannah knew she had to talk to Parker and Faye. Savannah knew more about being witches now, about the book, and about themselves. 
Savannah raced to school and searched for Parker, but could not find her in the hustle and bustle of the crowds. She made her way to her locker and opened it. She started to pull out one of her textbooks when someone said, “Hey”. Savannah looked on the other side of her locker door and saw Trey standing there. 
“Hey” she said. She shut her locker and leaned against it. “How are you?”
“I’m great” he leaned in for a kiss and for a second Savannah was going to stop him but decided not to. He kissed her and when he stopped, she checked around to make sure nobody was paying attention. 
“Me too” Savannah said. She was not great she had mixed feelings. She didn’t know what to do about the new information she got last night about Sebastian, she didn’t know if she could lie to Trey about being a witch for much longer, and she didn’t know if they were even compatible with each other now. “So what do you like to do now?”
“What do you mean?” Trey asked her.
“I mean we had a good time last night, but that was something we used to do two years ago. What do you like to do now, that we could do together?” Savannah asked.
“Are you asking me out on a date Savannah?” Trey joked. She playfully pushed him away and started to walk away. 
“I’m serious,” she said. 
Trey caught up with her, “I’m sorry, so what I like to do? I like many things. I love sports; in fact I have the big game tonight.” 
“You’re on the football team?” Savannah seemed surprised.
“Yeah, I am. You’re dating the quarterback.” 
“Why didn’t you tell me before?” Savannah wondered. 
“It didn’t come up.”
“Still you should’ve told me.”
“Do you like football?” 
No, “Yes” Savannah lied. 
“Well then how about you come and watch me play tonight? I could use my own little personal cheerleader.” Trey said. Savannah smiled. 
“Sure, I’d love to see you play, tonight right?” 
“Yeah, tonight,” Trey said. “I’ll see you there” Trey kissed Savannah on the forehead and walked to class. She watched him go and then headed into her first period. She looked around for Parker but did not see her. She sat down in her usual seat and waited for Parker to come in. The class was empty – besides Savannah. She stared at the door until her phone buzzed. She dug through her bag and pulled it out. That is when she heard the door close. Savannah looked up to see Faye standing there, just as surprised to see Savannah, as she was to see her. 
“Hey” Savannah said to Faye. 
“Hey” Faye said as she took her seat. 
“Can we talk?” Savannah asked her.
“I don’t want to talk; I just want to be left alone. Okay?” Faye said. 
“Okay” Savannah said. The bell rang and Savannah stuffed her phone back into her bag without looking at it. Students started to pile into the classroom and then the tardy bell rang and no Parker. 

Chapter 26-
“We’re going to get caught,” Parker giggly said. Something about Micah made Parker feel like a normal teenage girl and not some magical powerful witch. 
“Just stick with me and we’ll be fine” Micah said to Parker. He checked through the window in the door and saw it was clear. He opened the door and went inside. The classroom was empty. “See I told you it would be empty.” 
They went to one of the tables and Parker sat on top of it. “I can’t believe were skipping first period.” She said. They smiled at each other and Micah started kissing her. Parker had never skipped a class before. This felt slightly dangerous to her. 
In between a kiss Micah said, “You smell great”. He started in on her neck. The touch of his lips on her body made her feel amazing. 
Their kissing started to lead to Parker lying back on the table. She had never done this before… she had never had sex before. It was not as if she was waiting – or for some religious reason – it had just never felt right before. Sure Peter wanted to do it with Parker but she turned him down. Parker then learned that he was sleeping around with all the other girls in school because of it. 
“What if someone walks in?” Parker said, as she is breathless with his touch. 
“It’s the sex Ed room, not like they wouldn’t know what we’re doing.” Micah said in between kissing her neck. 
Parker started to lift Micah’s shirt off his body. He has the most amazing abs. He was gorgeous and she was ready. At least she hoped she was. He slipped his hand below her shirt and she helped him take it off her. This was happening, thought Parker. 
They got undressed in front of each other – both pleasantly surprised with each other’s bodies – and started to kiss again. They moved to the couch in the back of the classroom when Parker said, “Protection?” 
“What?” Micah said softly in her ear. 
It sent a tingling sensation through her body. “Do you have protection?” 
“Crap!” he blurted out. “Wait” he went over to the cabinets and opened them. He rummaged through one of them and pulled out protection. “Found it.” 
He went over to Parker and they resumed.

They got dressed, both smiling like happy freaks. “Did you have a good time?” Micah asked Parker. 
“Yeah, it was amazing.” She told him. He pulled his jeans back on and put his shirt on as well. He walked over to Parker and kissed her one more time. She was still missing her shirt. 
“It was amazing.” Micah said. “I would stay here longer, but class…you know.” 
“I know I have to get to first period. I’m already late.” Parker said. They kissed one more time and Micah left. Parker started searching for her shirt when she found it. She put it back on and then started to feel a premonition coming on. “Shit” she mumbled as she started to see darkness. 

Parker started to see things again – but it was blurry. In front of her eyes, it looked like Mr. Parcel – the sex Ed teacher. “Ms. Kim, are you okay?” he kept repeating. Her vision cleared up and she realized where she was. She was lying on the floor inside the sex Ed classroom still. Her head was pounding. She must have hit her head during her premonition.
“What time is it?” she asked through the fogginess. 
“It’s lunch time. Everyone’s at lunch.” Mr. Parcel told her. She sat up and held her head. It was like a massive headache. 
“I have to go,” Parker said. 
“Ms. Kim, I think you should go to the nurse.” Mr. Parcel said.
“No I’m fine.” She stood up. 
“What were you doing in here?” Mr. Parcel asked. 
Crap! Parker did not have an excuse. “I don’t know. I have to go, I’m sorry” she ran out of there and quickly headed to the cafeteria. 
Parker went through the Cafeteria doors and met with a mob of teenagers everywhere. Parker scoured through them, looking for Savannah. She spotted her at an empty table and went to her. 
“Oh-my-gosh Parker where were you?” Savannah seemed worried. “You weren’t in first period. Are you okay?” 
“I’m sorry. I had a premonition and hit my head. I guess I blacked out.” Parker said. 
“Are you okay now? What did you see?” Savannah asked. 
“Yeah, just a headache, the premonition was...” Parker started to say. Parker wanted to tell her but could not. This premonition was not the first time she had seen it. Parker had this same premonition the day that Hayley died. It was her first ever premonition and it was still to date her scariest. The premonition was of Savannah, Faye, and Parker all dying. Parker has witnessed them dying twice now in her premonitions, and was still afraid to tell anyone. She did not want it to come true and it probably would if she told anyone, or at least that is what she believed. “It was just something stupid. I don’t even remember anymore.” 
“Okay well as long as you’re okay I have to tell you something.” Savannah said. 
“What is it?” Parker asked. 
“Last night, after my date with Trey, I saw Sebastian.” 
“What!” Parker bellowed. “We decided not to see him again. Not until we were all ready to go back.” 
“I know but it was by accident on my part, well kind of. He was in by bedroom when I got home. Then we went to the Blackwell Manor and he showed me the book and let me tell you it was spectacular.” Savannah said. 
“What did he show you?” 
“The ‘Spellbound Spell’ for one. He told me what the spell is about; how it is the reason, our powers have become bound to each other. That is why I never blinked in California. I was too far away from you girls. However, since you girls were close to each other your powers worked. He also showed me another spell.” 
“What spell?” Parker was eager to know. She did not trust Sebastian – for a good reason – and was afraid he would do something to Savannah. 
“It’s called ‘Flames to Flames’. Once you say it, fire appears before you. It was pretty weird, but cool.” Savannah said. 
“What else did he make you do?” Parker asked Savannah.
“He didn’t make me do anything. I wanted to do it and when you get a chance to, so will you. It was exhilarating.” 
“Really” Parker was intrigued.
“Yeah and I flipped through the pages and found some other spells. They are super easy and could be helpful. Though Sebastian said we can’t do them.” Savannah said. 
“What do you mean?” Parker asked.
“Well some spells he said are too dangerous. Some call for the power of three, while other’s he said are dangerous to do without experience.” Savannah said. 
“So we need to get Faye and figure this all out.” Parker said. 
“Okay, but there’s more.” Savannah said. “It’s not just that we can’t use these spells without knowing exactly what to do with them, but he also said no personal gain.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Parker asked.
“He said using magic for personal gain will cause a backfire.”
“A backfire” Parker said, confused.
“Yes, like it’s going to bite us in the ass if we try to use our magic for personal gain. He said it also leaves us vulnerable.”
“I don’t get it. Using magic for personal gain is out but we can use magic for saving the world. Sounds like personal gain to me.” Parker said. 
“He was pretty adamant about it. He also said; that we need to get Faye and be prepared for Huck’s return. He seems pretty sure that Huck will return.”
“I agree, we need Faye to understand, and Huck didn’t seem like the type of demon to just give up. He’ll be back.” Parker said. 
“Speaking of the witch,” Savannah pointed at the entrance to the cafeteria. Faye had just walked in with Sam. 
“Let’s go have a chat with her.” Parker and Savannah got up from the table and headed towards Faye. 
Faye noticed Parker and Savannah approaching her. She did not want to talk to them especially in front of Sam. She tried to hurry to the table but she got cut-off. 
“Hello Faye” Parker and Savannah both said. They look at Sam and said, “Sam”. 
“What do you guys want?” Faye asked them. 
“We need to talk.” Savannah said. 
“Not now.” Faye told them. 
“Let’s go Faye. Leave these little people to themselves.” Sam said.
“I’ll be right there,” Faye said. Sam walked away, “What do you want? I told you I don’t want part of this.” 
“Just hear us out. We need to talk to you.” Parker said. 
“No. I heard you out last time. I can’t do it again.”
“Faye if you walk away we will all die, and not just us but everyone here, everyone in Charm Harbor and the world.” Savannah said. 
Faye started to walk away but stopped. She turned around and stormed off into the hallway. The hallway was empty and they walked down it a bit. “This is what I don’t want. To feel like it depends on me.” Faye bellowed. Her emotions were reaching its boiling point when suddenly all the lockers in between Faye and Parker and Savannah flung open and everything in them flying out. It was as if a twister just appeared. 
Savannah and Parker ducked for cover as Faye just let out all her emotions. Once she was down, completely drained, the papers started to fall down and so did Faye. She crumbled to the floor with tears falling down her face. Savannah and Parker noticed this and went to her. 
“Faye, are you okay?” they asked her. 
Faye just shook her head. They helped her up and headed to a private area to talk. 

Outside underneath the oldest tree in Charm Harbor was the best place to talk without anyone hearing. They sat down underneath it – getting shade was just a plus – and it gave them a perfect 360-degree view of the school. They could see everything going on and nothing could get past them. 
“Are you okay?” They asked Faye. 
She wiped her tears and said, “No… I am not okay. My life…it is just horrible. I miss Hayley, I miss you both, and I miss normal. I don’t want to be a witch.” 
Parker and Savannah knew exactly how she felt. Parker had two years to accept the fact that this was her destiny, while Savannah was still just getting to learn everything. Only for Savannah, it was a little easier as she did not have anything normal to hold onto – besides now Trey. 
“I miss her too. We all do, and I know exactly how you feel Faye. I do not really want this. I would choose normal, choose going out on dates like last night then fighting a demon on any night.” Savannah said. 
“Oh I forget you went out with Trey, how was it?” Faye asked Savannah as she wiped away her tears. 
“It was…the same as before, the same as two years ago.” Savannah said but not all that convincing. 
“Ouch that sucks” Faye said.
“Why what’s wrong with the same, with normal?” Parker asked. 
“You don’t want to go out with the same person who you dated two years ago. Savannah’s changed and Trey has too so what happened?” Faye said.
“It was great. We went to see the classic movie marathon at the cemetery and he brought my favorite food and held me. It was nice but it felt like two years ago. Like Hayley was not dead and I did not break his heart. I guess I just…I kind of wish he would get upset with me. Yell at me for what I did or something.” Savannah said. When she brought up the cemetery, it reminded Faye of Huck. She had to tell them. 
“I have to tell you guys something. It’s about Huck.” Faye said. Savannah and Parker both looked at her, “I saw him and he saw me.” 
“Wait, What, When, Where?” Parker asked.
“Slow down. It happened the night after I left Sebastian’s with you all there, I went and saw Hayley. As I was about to leave I heard something and saw Huck going into the mausoleum. I followed him down there…” Faye said.
“Wait, you followed him down there, alone? What were you thinking?” Savannah asked.
“I wasn’t thinking clearly. I had asked…Okay, this sounds weird but I had asked Hayley to give me a sign about what to do with all this, and then he showed up. Therefore, I went down there and he is injured. I did not think he would see me but he did. Let’s just say just because he’s injured doesn’t mean that he can’t throw lightning balls.” Faye said.
“Did you get hurt?” Parker seemed worried. 
“No I’m fine. I tricked him and then threw him against the wall down there. I ran right out of there after I threw him and didn’t look back.” Faye told them. 
“You were stupid,” Savannah told her “Especially after what I learned last night”.
“What’s that?” Faye asked. 
“We are stronger together as one. That is what the ‘Spellbound Spell’ did to us. It essentially made us one. That and I did my first spell by myself.” 
“What? What was it like?” Faye wondered. She did not want to be a witch but she knew there were some interesting parts. 
“It was called ‘Flames to Flames’ and it starts fire.” Savannah said.
“Really” Faye said.
“Yeah, but there is so much more, Sebastian knows a lot and he has the book which has hundreds of spells and potions and a bunch of demons that former owners of the book have come up against. It’s actually addicting.” Savannah told them. 
Faye knew she could trust them, and she desperately had to get it off her chest. “Guy’s speaking of addicting. I have to tell you something that nobody else knows.” She seemed serious.
“What is it?” Parker asked.
“I’m an addict, a recovering addict.” Faye told them.
“What?” They both said at the same time. They could not believe it. Faye Duncan an addict.
“What type?” Parker asked.
“I’m a drug addict. After everything that happened two years ago, things started to get hard for me and so I needed something. I couldn’t talk to either one of you about it and Hayley was dead so I found a release.” It was hard for Faye to tell them this. 
They could not believe it. Faye was a drug addict. “Are you clean now?” Savannah asked.
“Yeah, I’m clean. I just needed to tell someone and I know I can trust you both. No matter how much I might hate your guts.” Faye laughed. 
Parker was inspired, “I just had sex in the Sex-Ed classroom during first period for the very first time.” She blurted out. 
Savannah and Faye’s mouths just dropped. “With whom?” they both wanted to know. 
“His name’s Micah. He’s new this year,” Parker shyly said. 
“How was it?” Savannah asked.
“It was…well, he was…perfect. It was amazing in every way.” Parker told them.
“Just wait for your second time.” Faye said. “I just can’t believe you were a virgin.” 
“Yeah well I’m not any longer.” Parker said. They all laughed and leaned on each other – just as if they were best friends again. “Savannah, it’s your turn to share a secret now.” 
“I don’t have any secrets.” Savannah said. 
“Oh come on. You have to have something to share. Just spill it already.” Faye said. 
“Fine… my only secret is… I kissed Sebastian.” 
Parker was not so much surprised but worried, “What!” she shouted in an angry tone. 
“Geez, calm down, it was just a kiss.” Savannah said. 
“He kissed you?” Faye asked.
“No. I kissed him. It was impulsive, dangerous and amazing.” Savannah said. 
Dangerous all right, thought Parker, “You can’t do that again. He’s dangerous and something’s not right with him.” Parker said. 
“You keep saying that but you don’t say what you know.” Savannah said to Parker. 
“Can’t you just trust me?” Parker said. 
“Trusting you can only go so far. He is here to stay. He’s our protector, not some demon.” Savannah said. 
Parker knew she was right, but Parker also knew something she had not told them yet. Who Sebastian really is and why she does not trust him. Telling them could put their lives in danger and Parker did not want that. 
“You’re right” Parker lied. “I should just let you do what you want.” 
“Thanks’ I guess.” Savannah said. She did not believe that Parker had just changed her mind but did not feel like getting into an argument with her either. 
“So what are we going to do about Huck?” Faye asked. 
“We” Savannah and Parker said caught off guard. 
“Yes, we like you girls said. We are three in one now. You girls need me to vanquish him.” Faye said. 
 “How do we do it?” Parker said. “I don’t think we can just try and fight him off. We need to kill him for good.” 
“What if I get a spell from in the book from Sebastian? I can go after school.” Savannah said.
“That’s a good idea,” Parker said. She did not really think so, but had a plan to get to him first. 
“But when do we kill him? I have the game tonight and I can’t miss it.” Faye said.
“Then we do it tomorrow in the early morning. We go to where you saw him and hope he’s there.” Parker said. 
“Okay, well since we are normal teenagers for tonight, why don’t you both come to the game tonight?” Faye offered.
“I already told Trey I would come so I’m going.” Savannah said. Faye and Savannah looked at Parker. 
“I don’t really do football games.” Parker said. 
“Come on, be a normal teenager for once and just come.” Faye said.
“Yeah you can sit with me. I don’t really follow football or sports so you can help me out.” Savannah said. 
“Fine, I’ll go but I won’t like it and you can’t make me,” Parker said. 
The bell rang and they all got up. “So what does this mean?” Savannah asked them.
“What do you mean?” Parker asked.
“I mean, are we all okay again?” Savannah wondered. Parker and Savannah looked at Faye.
“Yeah we are all okay and I guess we will just have to figure out the rest of this witch stuff.” Faye told them.
“We all friends” Savannah asked Faye. It was really up to her. She was the one who did not want seen with them. 
“Friends but don’t expect everything to just change overnight, okay?” Faye said.
They all hugged and headed back inside. Each with something different on their minds; Faye was thinking about the game tonight and trying to figure out a way to balance out being a witch in high school, Savannah couldn’t stop thinking about Sebastian and Trey, she couldn’t decide who she liked more, meanwhile Parker was more worried about them. Parker has had premonitions about Faye and Savannah, and it was not pretty. As they walked back into school, Parker was worried about tomorrow. Fighting Huck without knowing exactly how to defeat him could certainly mean death – and with her premonition, anything was possible. 

Chapter 27-
Parker had a plan to get to Sebastian before Savannah. Parker’s last period of the day was a free period that she would normally use to either catch up on homework or play tennis, but today she was skipping it. She left school early and headed straight for the Blackwell Manor. 
She got to the Blackwell Manor and instead of knocking, she went right in. “Sebastian?” She called out, looking for him. Nobody answered. She went over to his table and started to look at all the things on it. The book was there, things in jars, and weapons – sharp weapons. 
“Is it not custom to knock in this day and age?” Sebastian asked. Parker turned around and saw him, shirtless, wet, and only a towel on. No matter how much she did not like him she could not deny he was hot. 
After staring at him for a moment, she shook it off, “Um, I didn’t think you would mind.” Parker said. 
“I never mind when it’s a pretty girl.” Sebastian said. 
She was not falling for his charms. “What’s all this stuff?” She asked. 
He walked over to her and she could feel the heat radiating from his body. “This stuff is necessary for me to keep my charges protected.” He told her. She was not buying it. 
“From the looks of it, this doesn’t seem that entire angel like.” She said. He knew that she knew who he really was. 
“Parker, say what you came to say.” He said to her. 
“I know who you are, who you really are.” Parker said. 
“And who do you think I really am?” 
“You’re really going to play it like that?” He waited for an answer. “You’re Sebastian…Sebastian Blackwell.” 
By the look on his face, she was right. He was Sebastian Blackwell, the son in the original Blackwell family. “You caught me. What does that have to do with anything?” 
“You know what it has to do with it; it has to do with everything. I will not let Faye and Savannah get hurt by you. I know all about your family and what you were.” She said. According to legend, the Blackwell family was one of the first witches to settle on the west coast, only they were not your normal witches. They were dark witches – evil – and they used their dark magic for evil. A powerful good witch, who died in the battle as well, reportedly killed them all. That is all Parker could find out, that and the fact that they are responsible for bringing evil to the town of Charm Harbor. 
“You don’t know everything,” he said to her. 
“I know enough.” Parker said.
“So what do you want?” Sebastian asked. 
Parker ran her fingers across the athame’s and daggers. She thought about picking one up and feeling how they felt in her hands, but she decided against it. Even if she tried to kill him, he could probably kill her faster. 
“What I want is for you to leave. To get out of town and don’t come back.” Parker told him. 
“I can’t do that. I have been assigned to you girls.” Sebastian said.
“Well think of it as a reassignment. I do not know how in the hell a dark witch could have become a protector but somehow you must have fooled them. However, you cannot fool me. I want you gone and to leave Savannah alone. You’re messing with her and I don’t like that.” Parker said. 
“You’re making a mistake Parker. I am here to help you girls, nothing else.” Sebastian said.
“Is that it? Then why are you going around kissing Savannah or having private meetings with her? Huh? You’re letting her fall for you and you don’t even care about her.” Parker said. 
“You don’t have any clue what I care about” Sebastian said. 
“I don’t care. I want you gone or I tell her and everyone who you really are. Let’s see how they all react to that.” Parker was threatening him. 
“I don’t take orders from you.” Sebastian said.
“You will be. I do not want you around here or around us. Tell you bosses whatever you want, but do not come back. I don’t want a dark witch trying to protect us.” Parker said. She headed for the door but turned around and looked at him one more time. “And leave now, before Savannah get’s anymore involved in you. Your just gonna break her heart in the end anyway.” She left him standing there, stunned, shirtless, and pissed off. She had no clue who she was dealing with. 
Chapter 28-
Knock, Knock, Knock. Savannah knocked on Sebastian’s door and waited for someone to answer, but nobody did. She tried the door handle and turned it. It was unlocked. She slowly went inside, “Sebastian?” she softly said his name. The Manor was dark and she could not see him anywhere. She started to look around but did not see him anywhere downstairs. That is when she decided to walk up the stairs to the second floor. She kept an eye out for Sebastian but still could not see him anywhere. She reached the top of the stairs. It was darker up here. She started to walk down the hall, keeping her eye on the first floor. Then she heard something, squeaking. 
She searched all around for it. It was like a silent squeak. She looked down by her feet and saw a rat run across. She stumbled back, squealed, and hit the railing. She could hear the wood railing starting to crack and then SNAP! She was falling from the second floor to the first. She closed her eyes and braced for impact, but instead of hitting the wood, she fell into someone’s arms. She opened her eyes and saw Sebastian holding her. 
He let her out of his arms and she checked to make sure nothing was broken. “Where did you come from?” She asked him.
“I was around. Remember I know when something bad is happening to you girls and when you need help. Even when I’m not here, I’m here.” Sebastian said. “Just remember that.” 
“Got it, I’ll remember.” Savannah said.
“Now what are you doing here?” He wanted to know. 
“I came to see if you had a spell that we could use to vanquish Huck.” She said. 
“I told you spells are dangerous. They can backfire if you don’t do it correctly.” Sebastian said.
“I got that. But we need some way to kill him before he kills us.” Savannah told him. 
“We” he questioned her. 
“Yeah, Faye has come around. She’s willing to help vanquish Huck before it’s too late.” Savannah said. 
“Well if you all do it together it might work, but again he’s a powerful demon who’s been around a long time. He might be immune to the spell in the book.” Sebastian said.
“We have to take our chances.” Savannah told him. 
“Well you should take better chances.” Sebastian headed over to his table and pulled out an athame. “Take this and just make sure he doesn’t get it. Demons and athame’s are a dangerous combination.” 
“What could happen?” Savannah asked.
“If a demon takes possession of a witch’s athame and he kills her with it, he gains the witch’s power. An athame is a strong piece of a magic and it’s not something to mess around with.” Sebastian told her. 
“Okay, don’t let the demon get the athame. I understand, now is there anything else that we can do to keep safe?” Savannah asked. 
“Just the spell” Sebastian wrote it down for her. “I looked it up when Huck first showed up here” He handed her the piece of paper. 
Sebastian seemed on edge and Savannah noticed. He could not tell her about Parker coming over earlier, or what she wants him to do. That would lead to her wanting to know why. He could not tell her why, not yet. “I don’t know.” He said. 
“What about this stuff?” Savannah picked up a small jar labeled Rabbit Foot. “Gross, what’s this for?” 
“Put it down. It is for potions. Many potions call for these things. I’ve started an emergency collection incase my charges need these things on a moment’s notice.” Sebastian told her.
“Like we do? Can’t we make a potion?” Savannah asked.
“No, making potions is more dangerous than a backfired spell. In potion making, anything could go wrong if you do not follow the instructions directly. You aren’t ready for that.” Sebastian told her. 
“It seems like you don’t care if we die when we fight Huck.” Savannah flat out said.
I care, Sebastian wanted to say, but instead said, “I can’t afford to care. I’ve had a lot of charges over the decades and they don’t all end well.” 
“They died?” Savannah was worried.
“Everyone dies, even witches.” Sebastian said. 
“What is up with you? Yesterday you were, you, today you’re acting like a careless jerk.” Savannah said.
“Savannah you don’t know me. Nobody really does.” Sebastian said.
“Then tell me about yourself. I want to know.” Savannah said to him. 
He looked away and then straight back at her. He placed his hand on her cheek, cupping it. She loved the feeling his hands felt on her skin. She let it sink in. He tried saying the words aloud but could not. He was speechless. He pulled her in closely; their lips almost touch but not fully. He was starting to fall for Savannah – and her him – but he knew what the rules were and what he was. He could not fall for her he just could not. They both closed their eyes, as they stayed brushed up against each other. Sebastian opened his eyes and said, “You should probably be going.” 
It was not what Savannah wanted to hear. Anything but that, he slowly moved his hand off her face and Savannah knew that it was time to go. She started to walk away when Sebastian grabbed her hand and tugged her close to him. He gave her one last kiss. It was the best kiss Savannah had ever gotten before. She had loved kissing Trey but this kiss was not that. This kiss felt heavenly, appropriate thought Savannah. Their lips stopped touching but they both still felt each other. He smiled one last time before she left. She closed the door behind her and felt her lips. “Wow” she said. She left the porch and headed home. 
Back inside the manor, Sebastian just watched her leave from the window. She got off his property and he said, “Good luck Savannah.” It tasted bittersweet to him as he said it. 
Chapter 29-
The game was almost at half time and Savannah and Parker were not having the best of time. “I don’t even get this game.” Savannah said to Parker. They were sitting up in the bleachers with Grams and most of the entire town. 
“Me neither” Parker said. They both would rather be anywhere but here. Savannah could not stop thinking about Sebastian and the kiss, while Parker was worried about tomorrow. She did not know if her premonition was ever truly going to come true but she was nervous to find out. “So how much longer do we have to stay?” Parker asked Savannah. 
“I don’t know isn’t it almost over?” Savannah said. 
“Sweethearts the game is not even halfway over yet. Hold in there.” Grams said. They both shot her an, are you serious stare. 
The Gladiators got a touchdown causing the entire bleachers to stand in cheer. Savannah and Parker just stayed seated. They could care less about who “touched what”. Down on the field meanwhile was Faye and her fellow cheerleaders. Faye was on top again and better than ever. They cheered on the team and did some moves. Savannah and Parker watched for a minute. They both were thinking the same thing; the old Faye would not have been able to do that. 
“Do you guys want a snack or something?” Grams asked them. 
“Sure, but we’ll go get it.” Savannah told Grams. Savannah had Parker get up and they scooted by eager football fans. They made it down the bleachers and headed over to the food stands. “What do you want?” Savannah asked Parker.
“Nacho’s and French fries.” Parker said.
“You were reading my mind.” Savannah said. They went and waited. They were second in line when suddenly the entire football team ran by. 
“Hey you” one of the players said. Savannah looked and could see Trey’s eyes through his helmet. She smiled at him and gave him a wave. He followed his team into the locker room. It was halftime. 
Parker ordered their food and suddenly a rush of hungry fans started to appear all around them. Parker grabbed their food and they made it through the crowds. They got to the fence and saw Faye. She ran up to them. 
“Hey you guy’s having fun?” Faye asked them. She was stretching at the same time. 
“Yeah loads,” they both said very enthusiastically. Faye gave them a laugh. 
“You guys should just try.” Faye said. 
“Faye let’s go!” a teenage girl shouted at Faye. Faye looked nodded. 
“I have to go, its halftime.” Faye said happily. 
They watched Faye get into a small huddle with all the other cheerleaders. “I’m guessing halftime means something to them?” Savannah said.
“It means torture.” Parker said. They walked back up the now almost completely empty bleachers and up to Grams. 
“Here we got nachos and French fries.” Savannah told Grams. 
“You guys are gonna need to start working that off if you keep eating like that.” Grams told them.
“Don’t worry we will be” they both said. They looked at each other; they were talking about the same thing, tomorrow and Huck. 
They chewed down their food as they watched Faye and the cheerleaders perform. Faye flung up in the air multiple times and landed perfectly. Parker and Savannah were more than surprised. 
“So this means the game is almost over right?” Savannah asked Grams. 
“Another half to go should not be that long.” Grams said. She was enjoying herself, Savannah could tell. 
“Can I have the nachos?” Parker asked Savannah. They switched foods and as Parker started to pick up a chip, she started to see black. A premonition was happening. She started to fall back but Savannah stopped her. 
“Is everything okay?” Grams asked. 
“Yeah, all fine.” Savannah said. 
Parker started to come back and took a deep breath. She looked right at Savannah with concerned eyes. “What is it?” Savannah whispered to Parker. 
“Huck I saw him. I know where he is right now and it is going to be now or never. We have to go.” Parker said. 
Savannah nervously shook her head. “Let’s go”. Parker and Savannah got up. 
“Where are you going?” Grams asked. 
“Grams we have to go. I am sorry. Here is the food. I’ll see you back at home.” Savannah gave her a hug. “I love you”. 
“I love you too, but where are you going?” Grams asked. 
Savannah did not want to have to lie, “Parker has to get home. She isn’t feeling really well and so I’m gonna help her get home.” 
“Okay well feel better.” Grams told Parker.
“Thank you I will.” Parker said. They made it through the crowds of people that headed back to their seats. 
On the field, Faye noticed them rushing away. She knew something was up. 

Savannah and Parker got into her car and as she started it, the backdoor opened. They both jumped when they heard it close. Faye got into the backseat. “What’s going on?” Faye wanted to know. 
“We know where Huck is right now. We will only have tonight to do this, but we can do it ourselves. I know how important this game and cheerleading is too you.” Parker told her. 
“No way” Faye said. “I’m not letting you guys do this alone.” 
“What about the game?” Savannah said.
“It’s just a stupid game. Besides, if I do not help you both vanquish Huck nobody is going to care about football, not if demons start showing up and killing them all and take over the world. Anyways if we succeed, there is a game next week and if we do not it will not really matter. I am not letting you do this and possibly die. I wouldn’t be able to deal with that.” Faye said. 
“Are you sure?” Parker said. 
Faye sat back and buckled up. “I’m sure. Let’s do this.” 
Parker pulled out of the school parking lot and drove. 
“So where are we going?” Savannah asked Parker. 
“That’s the thing you guys might not like where he is. I saw the demon in your house Savannah.” Parker said. Savannah was shocked. 
“What, my house?” Savannah asked. 
“Yes, your house. Huck is in your house and we need to get there fast.” Parker said. 
Chapter 30-
They pulled into Savannah’s driveway and shut the car off. They looked at the house and tried to see if Huck was already there, but with no such luck. 
“Do you think he’s in there?” Savannah asked. They all looked harder. 
“I don’t think so.” Parker said. “Let’s go and find out.” Parker got out of the car and Savannah and Faye got out after her. 
“What do we do when we are in there?” Faye asked. 
“We will figure that out inside.” Parker said. They all stayed close to each other as they made their way to the front door. Parker reached for the door handle when Savannah stopped her. 
“Wait” Savannah said. “I just want to tell you girls that I love you. You’re my best friends and I’m glad that if we die we are dying together.” 
“I love you guys too.” Faye said. “I hope we don’t die”. 
“Stop it you guys. We aren’t going to die, we just aren’t.” Parker said, she knew better than to believe that. So far, her premonitions have mostly come true in some way or another, but this was one, she was going to try to change. “Let’s just go in, okay?” Savannah and Faye nodded. Parker opened the door and nothing happened. They moved inside and shut the door quietly behind them. 
They moved towards the table in the middle of the house. It was not completely dark but the lights were off. They made no sound as they moved, trying to hear something from him, but nothing. They got to the table and checked all around. The house was clear. “He’s not here,” Savannah said. 
“He’s not here yet” Parker said. “Let’s just figure out a plan.” 
They formed a circle around the round table and started to talk. “What should we do?” Faye asked Parker. 
Parker was thinking. “I have no clue.” 
“We have the spell, so once he gets here we just chant away.” Savannah said. 
“What’s the spell?” Faye asked. Savannah pulled the piece of paper out of her pocket and handed it to Faye. “That’s it?” 
“That’s it. Super simple, I know.” Savannah said. 
“Okay so we cast the spell and watch him as he burns in hell,” Parker said.
“Hey that was a rhyme.” Faye said. 
They both looked at her, “I didn’t mean to rhyme” Parker said. 
“So when is he gonna get her? When was your premonition?” Savannah asked Parker. 
“I don’t know but soon. I could tell it was dark.” Parker said. 
“So what is he gonna do? Shimmer in or ring the doorbell?” Faye asked at the same exact moment the doorbell rang. They all shot their heads to the front door. “That was freaky.” 
“Do you think it’s him?” Savannah asked.
“Go open it and find out.” Parker said.
“You do it!” Savannah said. 
“I don’t have an active power remember, and besides it’s your house.” Parker said. 
“Fine, I’ll answer it but if I die right away I hope I get to haunt you before you die.” Savannah said. 
“Just do it!” Parker told her. 
Savannah slowly crept to the front door. Before she answered it, she looked back at Faye and Parker. “Who is it?” Savannah said with a crackly voice. 
“Who do you think witch!” Huck said from the other side of the door. Savannah just froze in fear. Huck blew the doors open and Savannah still did not move. Her eyes were wide and she was shaking in her boots. Huck looked angry. He moved to Savannah and grabbed her by the neck. 
“Savannah!” Faye and Parker screamed. He lifted her up off the ground and threw her into the living room, crashing into the coffee table. “Savannah!” they shouted again.
“Your turn” Huck exclaimed. He moved towards them and opened his palm. A lightning ball formed and he threw it towards them. Parker pulled Faye down beneath the table.
“Run!” Parker told Faye. Parker and Faye ran into the family room. It was open to all the other rooms. They saw Savannah down on the ground. 
“Go,” Faye told Parker, “I’ll deal with Huck”. Parker hesitated for a moment and then ran to Savannah. Faye braced herself as Huck came into view. 
“It looks like it’s just you and me,” Huck said. It felt like an old western gun showdown. They faced each other, Huck with his palm at the ready and Faye with her eyes. 
“It looks like it,” Faye said. They stared at each other for another second until Huck let a lightning ball come straight at Faye, who then deflected it with her power. She flung it across the room back in his direction, crashing right into the wall. She deflected another two until she finally had the upper hand and threw him into the stair railing behind him. He crashed right into it, destroying it. 
Faye looked at Parker and Savannah. Savannah was just now getting up. “Hey guy’s it’s time for the chanting.” Faye said. Parker and Savannah came into the room and looked right at Huck. Faye unfolded the paper with the spell on it and they all began to chant together:
Hear our words
Hear our sorrow
Lightning will evoke
Strike him down with one stroke
The pain he caused now onto him
His name is Huck leave him with muck
As they said the words, Huck began to feel the pain. He started to scream and then a bright light flashed before them light a lightning bolt. They looked away and then the light was gone and he seemed to have vaporized. Savannah, Faye, and Parker all surprised by the events that just happened. Savannah did not think it would work, Faye did not think it would happen like that, and Parker is still on the edge. “I don’t think that worked” Parker said. She was looking around when she said that. 
“What? Why do you think that?” Faye asked.
“Yeah he’s dead. We vanquished him right in front of us.” Savannah said. 
“Because of that,” Parker said as she looked back at them, gesturing for them to look. Savannah and Faye looked behind them and there he was, Huck. He lifted his hands at Savannah and Faye sending a bolt of lightning at them and they flew across the room, right into Parker. 
“Ow” They all moaned. They scrambled off each other and back up to their feet. Huck was able to electrocute Savannah and Faye but all they feel is a tiny bit of tingling. “Seriously dude” Faye said. 
“You girls don’t know a thing about being a witch!” Huck said. He moved closer to them, taunting them as if he was in control of the situation. “You think one little spell and boom I’m dead. That is pathetic. I’ve been around for over a century killing witches just like you, for him.” 
Who is ‘Him’? They all suddenly thought then said, “Him who? Who hired you to kill us?” Parker asked. 
Huck laughed one of those sinister laughs. “You guys don’t know do you?” 
“That’s why we’re asking you, you dumbass.” Savannah said. 
“The emperor of evil of course” Huck said as he threw another lightning ball at them. Savannah and Parker jumped to their right, as Faye went left. “I was commissioned by the one who rules”. 
“Someone else wants us dead,” Parker said completely surprised. “I didn’t see that coming.” They got up on their feet, Faye too. Huck came into the middle of them. 
Savannah saw an opening, “Faye” she shouted. Faye caught on and moved him to Savannah. Savannah wrapped around him and blinked. She was getting a better control of blinking on command. She reappeared in the family room, crashing into the glass table. She just needed to work on the whole landing part. 
Savannah rolled off the glass on the ground and felt a sharp pain in her side. She looked and a piece of glass was sticking out from inside her. “Oh-my-gosh, Savannah” Faye said as they came to her. Huck was trying to get up. 
“I’m okay,” Savannah said. She tightened up and pulled it out. She was bleeding but only a little bit. It would take hours to bleed out. “Let’s finish this.” 
“How do you want to do that?” Faye asked. 
“We figure out a way, we are witches, right?” Parker said. 
They all nodded in agreement. They whispered to each other and then disbursed as Huck got up. 
“Where are you witches? I’ve decided to just end it already!” Huck said. He walked to the table in the middle of the house. He looked around. It was oddly quite. “You know witches; your protector should’ve told you this by now. You do not kill Huck. Nobody kills Huck!” 
Huck started to sniff them out. He headed towards the dining room. However, it was empty. He followed that up with looking in the kitchen. He walked through the door and found Faye. “Hide and seek isn’t your best game is it?” He said with a smirk as if he was smarter than she was. Yet, he has no clue who he is messing with. 
“I’m some stupid teenage girl, remember?” Faye said. She looked at the kitchen wall where Grams had her knives on a magnetic strip and flung one at Huck. “I’m a witch!” he caught it with his hand, which was now dripping blood. 
“Nice try” Huck said. 
“That was just a warning!” Faye said. She concentrated on all the knives and moved them at Huck. Two of the six got him. He screams like a little girl, thought Faye. She ran out the kitchen door. Huck pulled out the two knives and dropped them to the floor. He went after Faye but when he got back into the open hallway, he did not see her. 
“Come out; come out, wherever you are witch!” Huck said. All his senses were on over drive, as she did not miss a beat as he looked for them. 
Parker was at the top of the stairs and as Huck came to the middle and looked away, she came down and started to chant,
Flames to Flames
Ignite the power
Water and Air
Flames to Flames
Huck turned around as she cast the spell and he started to burst into flames. It was starting slow but spreading. Faye came out of the living room and flew him against the wall. Savannah came out and they decided to say the spell again – but this time louder,




Hear our words, 
Hear our sorrow
Lightning will evoke
Strike him down with a stroke
The pain he caused now onto him
His name is Huck leave him with muck
Another lightning strike hit him and he was gone. Just like that. “We did it,” they all said cheerfully.
“Not so fast!” Huck said from atop the stairs. He was standing higher up than Parker. He stroked her with a lightning bolt and she went flying down the stairs. Savannah and Faye ran to her side. She was okay just like they were when he did it to them. 
 “I have to tell you guy’s something.” Parker said to them. 
“Right now, I don’t think it’s the right time.” Savannah said. 
“There’s no better time.” Parker said. 
“What is it?” Savannah and Faye both asked her. 
“I’ve had two premonitions of this.” Parker said. 
“Of what” Faye asked her. 
“Of us and dying” Parker told them. Parker was breaking down as she said this. Huck was coming down the stairs and they were seconds away from death. Savannah and Faye could not believe it. Parker had convinced them into doing this, being witches and fighting demons. “I’m so sorry!” Parker said. 
“How could you keep this from us?” Savannah wanted to know. 
“How is he not dying?” Faye bellowed. 
“I told you, nobody can kill me!” Huck said.
They all got up and huddled together. “We have to stop him.” 
Huck got down to the first floor and started to walk towards them. “This is where you beg for your life.” Huck told them. He formed a lightning ball in his hand and threw it at them. 
Parker flung her hands up to defend Savannah and Faye. As the lightning ball came to her hand – they braced for their upcoming death – it glowed. The lightning ball reflected from her hand, and went hurdling back to Huck; his own lightning ball struck him and he went flying back. 
“What the hell was that?” they all said at the same time. 
 Huck started to get up. “We need to finish this!” Savannah said. They all ran to Huck. Savannah gave him a quick kick in the chest. He stumbled back but it did not hurt him, as it should have. Faye and Parker went to give him another kick when he threw a lightning bolt at them. It only graced them both but it still sent them back down the hallway. 
“You think that hurts me?” Huck said. He backhanded Savannah and she flew into the living room. As she tried to get up, she felt a piece of paper in her pocket that was not there before. She opened it quickly and read it. 
Savannah use this spell, when you desperately need to. It will be the only thing to stop Huck and it is highly dangerous. Remember I am always there for you. 
Power in me vanquish thee
Power in me vanquish thee
Summon the power of three
Turn the power to me and vanquish thee
Summon the power of three
Power in me vanquish thee
Power in me vanquish thee
Savannah watched as Huck began to incinerate in front of her. He was becoming ashes. He reached out for her as his final breath turned to ash. Once he vanquished, Savannah ran back to Faye and Parker. Savannah was starting to feel lightheaded. “Are you guy’s okay?” she asked as she it was getting hard to breathe. 
“Were fine are you okay?” Faye asked. 
“I’m okay,” Savannah said. 
“Where’s Huck?” Faye asked. 
“He’s… he’s…” Savannah was starting to feel as if she was burning inside. She collapsed to the floor and started to ache in pain. Her insides were feeling as if she was on fire. The spells backfiring, Savannah thought. “Spell… backfired…” She barely got out as she screamed from pain. 
“We have to figure out what she means” Parker said. 
“What spell?” Faye wondered. Parker looked around as Savannah is burning inside. Her breath started to breathe smoke. “We have to find that spell,” Faye said. Parker noticed a piece of paper underneath Savannah. She put her hand on Savannah’s side and it was on fire. It burned Parker’s hand.
“Oh-my-gosh” Parker screamed. She pulled the paper out with her other hand and scanned over it. “Sebastian gave her another spell. Let’s read it out loud.” 
“Wait, if we read it backwards wouldn’t that reverse the spell and Huck?” Faye said. 
“We have to take that chance,” Parker said. They both looked at the spell and chanted it,
Power in me vanquish thee
Power in me vanquish thee
Summon the power of three
Turn the power to me and vanquish thee
Summon the power of three
Power in me vanquish thee
Power in me vanquish thee
Parker and Savannah waited for the spell to work when Savannah slowly stopped moving and her body started to cool down. It was working and that worried them too. “Go check to make sure Huck’s still dead.” Parker told Faye. 
Faye went over to the living room and the coast was clear. Huck’s ashes were still on the ground. He was dead – for good this time. Faye came back to Parker and Savannah. Savannah was sitting up, breathing normally. 
“Are you okay?” Faye asked.
“I’m good, what about Huck? Is he still dead?” Savannah asked. 
“Still dead,” Faye finally gave her some good news. 
“How did you get that spell?” Parker asked Savannah.
She shook her head, “I don’t know. It just magically appeared. Sebastian must have sent it. I don’t know why he didn’t just show up himself.” Savannah said. Parker knew why, or at least believed she did. 
“Let’s go and find out why” Faye said. 
“I don’t think we should. Let’s just relax and calm down a bit.” Parker said. 
“No I agree with Faye. We should go and check out and make sure Sebastian’s okay. What if he’s hurt?” Savannah was seriously worried. She cared about Sebastian more than she should. 
“Fine, but what about Grams house, what are we going to do about it?” Parker said.
“Yeah, Grams house” Savannah said. It was bad; holes in the walls, broken furniture, blood and ashes all over. Savannah knew that this was going to be hard to explain. “What if we do another spell?” she said.
“What type of spell?” Faye asked.
“To clean up this mess,” Savannah said.
“Isn’t that personal gain?” Parked wondered
“No, I don’t think so; we killed a demon to save the world. So, I think it justifies it.” Savannah told them.
“Good Idea,” Faye said. “Because, I’ll do a lot, including fighting a demon but I will not clean up after them.”
“So, what spell?” Parker asked.
“Let’s make one up,” Savannah said.
“This mess we see, now we don’t” Savannah started.
“From here on now, as spotless as we found,” Parker added
“Go away and leave us be,” Faye continued
“This mess we no longer see.” They all said together.
The girls watched as the house started to sparkle and was now as it was before the demon showed up.
They headed for the car when Savannah asked, “So what was that back there?”
“What?” Parker said.
“You have a new power? How is that?” Savannah wanted to know.
“I don’t know. It just happened. I wanted to protect you girls and then my hands glowed. I guess it was some type of shield power or something.” Parker told them.
“It was weird,” Faye said. 
“Yeah” Savannah agreed.
“Trust me. I had no clue what so ever any of that was going to happen. I’m glad it did though.”
“Me too” the both said at the same time. 
“Jinx” Faye yelled. 
They laughed and got into the car. 

Chapter 31-
Faye, Parker, and Savannah got to the Blackwell Manor and as Savannah went to knock on the door, it slithered open. They all looked at each other with worry. Savannah went inside, pushing the door all the way open. “Sebastian? Are you here?” Savannah called out. However, there was no answer. 
They started to spread out and look around. Faye went to the kitchen and did not find him; Parker checked the rooms, while Savannah went to the table. She noticed it was oddly empty. She reached the table and the only thing on it was the book. She looked at it for a second and seen that attached to the cover was a piece of paper. She read it,
If you are, reading this than that means you survived and for that, I am forever grateful. I wish I were able to be there to celebrate your first vanquish but I sadly cannot. Just remember that I will always be there for you when you need it most. You are beautiful witches, and I hope one day that we meet again. Forever your lives have changed and nothing should get in the way of that. I am sorry I cannot be there with you but remember this is only just the beginning, with many more battles to come. Practice your magic and be careful with the book. It will guide you when you need guidance. 
P.S. Savannah I truly did like you and I hope we might meet again in another life. Just remember to move on, to forget me, and be happy without me. Life is short and your destiny has already begun. 
Sebastian.
“Guy’s you don’t need to look anymore” Savannah told Faye and Parker. “He isn’t here.”
“Where is he?” Faye inquired. Savannah grabbed the book and met them by the door. 
“He’s gone,” Savannah said.
“What, just like that?” Parker acted sincere. 
“He left a note” Savannah handed the piece of paper to Faye and Parker. “I guess it’s my own stupid Dear John letter. How pathetic huh?” 
“Well at least he left you a note. It’s kind of sweet,” Faye said. 
“More like cowardly.” Parker said. Parker knew that Sebastian was just going to leave and not tell Savannah the whole truth. People did that. People always leave, thought Parker. 
“Well at least he left us the book. We can try out some spells and catch up with the whole, magic universe. Like who, the hell is the emperor of all evil?” Savannah said. 
“I guess we will find out, hopefully in that book.” Parker said.
“How about we don’t do that tonight, we’ve already done so much and we missed the second half of the game. At least we can go to the bonfire, right?” Faye said. 
Charm Harbor High always had a back to school bonfire the night of the big game. It is for everyone to come together, have fun, be happy for winning or losing, and be glad that the first week of school was over. Everyone at school would go. 
“I guess we can go to the bonfire,” Savannah said. 
“Okay let’s go” Faye rushed out of the Blackwell Manor and headed to the car. Parker followed her, while Savannah got one more look. Sebastian was gone but magic and life was not. She has to move on, just as Sebastian told her. She closed the door and went to the car. She was letting Sebastian, the Blackwell Manor, and Hayley all go. This was the new Savannah, or at least she hoped it was. 

They got to the bonfire and it was like a big party on the beach. They made their way down the pathway to the beach and the light from the fire was floating to the sky. “I see Crosby I’m gonna go and see how they did.” Faye said. Parker and Savannah let her go. 
“I see Micah I should probably say hi to him,” Parker told Savannah. 
“Okay” Savannah said. Parker left to say hi to Micah and Faye went to see Crosby. Savannah looked around. These are her people, although she did not feel like one of them now, but she was going to make the best of it. She found Trey in a group of people. He spotted her and smiled. He waved her over. She hesitated for a moment but then walked over. She passed the bonfire and felt the embers land on her skin. They did not seem to bother her at all. She had been literally on fire inside; nothing was going to bother her much anymore. 
“Hey you” Savannah said as she got to Trey. 
“Hey, I didn’t see you after the game. Where’d you go?” Trey asked her. 
“I just had to do something, nothing special. Did you guy’s win?” Savannah asked him.
“Yeah we won.” Trey said. 
In the hype of the good news, she gave him a big hug. He kissed her and she kissed him back. It did not feel like the magical one that Sebastian gave her, but it felt normal. Savannah was okay with normal – besides Sebastian was gone and he was not coming back any time soon. 
“Do you want a drink?” Trey asked her. 
“Sure a drink would be good.” Savannah told him. 
Trey went to get Savannah a drink as she looked around. This was normal life and Savannah liked it. After vanquishing her first demon, she felt like this was the perfect way to feel normal again. She found Parker and Faye in the crowds on different sides of her. Faye was on her right and Parker was on her left. They all looked at each other and they all realized the same exact thing. They were not just normal teenagers anymore, but powerful witches. They all smiled at each other and as they did that, they realized what was happening. They were accepting the fact that their lives have changed, forever. 
