Right Here Waiting For You
By Jessica Madden

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2014 Jessica Madden

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



This book is dedicated to Josh Hutcherson, the most amazing and incredible actor who I can’t thank enough for inspiring me with my writing. Without you, I wouldn’t be writing at all.




















Chapter 1
~ Nicole ~

It feels as the drive along the coastline was endless as we head towards Canary Bay. I gaze out of the window of my father’s car, enjoying the feeling of the wind in my face. I wished we were there already, but it was at least another fifteen minutes until we reached our destination. Every year Dad and I travel to the bay just after New Year’s, where we spend the rest of January at the beach house he own. The house is right by the beach, which is one of my favourite things about it. I can visit the beach every day I’m here.
Another reason I love coming here is that Dad and I get some alone time, just the two of us. My mother died during childbirth. We rarely talk about my mother, even though I would like to. I often wonder what she was like, but my father doesn’t like to talk about her. I have often caught him close to tears, or crying and doing his best to hide it from me. Hearing her name can cause him the pain I often see in those eyes, but since it is my middle name, we cannot escape it. I don’t use it or say it often. 
The last time we talked about my mother was the day I turned thirteen. He gave me her anklet, with a heart charm engraved with the words ‘4ever’. I have never taken it off since that day. Handing me the anklet in a small box, my Dad told me a few things about my Mum, some made me cry, others made me laugh. I felt closer to her when he told me about her dreams, and how she wanted to travel the world. She loved learning new languages, and was able to speak three. I saw the pain in his eyes as he told me these things about the woman who had given me life. I wished I had the chance to have met her and gotten to know her. Dad said she was a kind happy person who everyone admired, and he even says I remind him of her. I inherited her blonde hair, blue eyes, and her personality.
I am taken from my thoughts as the car comes to a stop and I realise we are there. The excitement I feel I’m sure can be seen on my face. I jump out of the car onto the gravel driveway, not waiting to collect my bags. I stand and face the sea, allowing the warm breeze to blow over me. I can taste the salt in the air, and that is something about this place that I love. I should offer to help dad, but I’m transfixed by the ocean. I close my eyes, picturing myself lying on the beach for the summer. I hear my father open the boot of his Ford Territory, and removed the luggage I’m supposed to be helping him with. I spin around when he calls my name.
“How do you feel about unpacking and then I’ll fix us lunch?”
I smile, and nod. “Sounds great, Dad.”
Dad returns my smile. I grab my suitcase and head towards the stairs of the veranda. I place one foot on the bottom step when I hear a second car pulling into the driveway. I stop in mid step, too afraid to turn around, but have to, to know who has joined us. I have a feeling I know, and my heart sinks as I realise I am right. The black BMW pulls up behind my Dad’s car. The doors swing open and I watch Jayden climb out of his parents’ car. I want to scream and tell them to leave, that this vacation is about us, not time to spend with my so-called boyfriend. I was looking forward to this vacation being just Dad and me.
I remain rooted to the spot as they greet one another. I wish my father had warned me. I could have had time to prepare, but what I did not get was why the Masons were here at all.  I was sure they had plans for the summer. I was so happy when we graduated from high school. It meant I didn’t have to see Jayden every day. I tried my best to avoid him, but as our families did so many activities together, it was hard.
I was glad when our families had different plans over the Christmas break. I got to enjoy the holiday without having to worry about seeing him since he spent Christmas with his family in the mountains. I looked forward to the remainder of the holidays without them, but they were here now. I guess their plans changed.
Jayden and I had been close friends since Kindergarten. Mrs Mason has always thought we made a cute couple. She even joked about us being married. We laughed it off, after all we were only twelve and marriage was definitely not on our minds. We were only friends. But around the age of fourteen, our feelings changed. We never wanted to date before; worried it would ruin our friendship. It happened one autumn afternoon when we were playing in a pile of leaves in the park. He made the first move and kissed me. Mrs Mason was right. We were meant to be. But then things changed when he met his friend Matt. I disliked him from day one, never liked it when Jayden wanted to hang out with him more and more with his new group of friends. It wasn’t because I was jealous he was hanging out with me less. It was who he was hanging with. Things began to go downhill after a month when Jayden changed. He was no longer the romantic and sweet guy I had fallen in love with. He became angry and spiteful. I soon discovered the drugs he was taking with his so-called friends. That was the day when he hit me for the first time, after I nagged him to stop taking them. I told myself it was a one off, and it was the drugs and friends egging him on. As time passed, so did the lies I told to cover up the reasons behind my bruises. I couldn’t tell my dad the truth. I couldn’t bear to see the hurt in his eyes if I told him what my own boyfriend did to me. Besides, Jayden told me I would suffer more if I did and I believed him.
I had wanted to tell the Masons about their son, and the way he treated me. But I was too scared to tell them or anyone, especially Dad. He continues to threaten me over and over again if I ever told. The things he had said he would do had me terrified to tell anyone, even the police. Even when I really want to say something, he said no one will ever believe me. I knew he didn’t love me anymore. I didn’t either. We were a couple for one reason only: his mother. He wanted to keep her happy, and that meant I was to do as I was told and keep up the pretence that we were a couple.
I stand there on the steps, mouth open as I watch him grinning from ear to ear. He knows he has me rattled and I can tell he is loving it by the grin on his face.
Dad greets the Masons while I continue to ponder why they are here. My body stiffens as I realise he is coming towards me, eyes wide, mouth twitching. I place a fake smile on my lips, knowing they are watching as he pulls me into his embrace and kisses me roughly on the lips. Releasing me, he looks pleased with himself.
 “Hey, babe, miss me? I’ve missed you!”
Lies. I knew they were lies. “Don’t call me babe,” I whisper, instantly regretting it, and wishing I had bitten my tongue. I did hate that pet name and he knew it.
“Thanks for allowing us to join you, Nicole, Reilly,” I hear Mr Mason say to Dad and me.
“Don’t worry about it, Marco,” Dad replies. “It’s a pleasure to have you guys here. I don’t know why we’ve never gone on vacation together before.”
Because this vacation is supposed to be just you and me, I wanted to say, scream it out if I had to. I don’t want Jayden or his family to be with us. It’s the only time I get to escape from him.
I feel the need to scream at the top of my lungs, but I don’t. Our vacation was completely ruined and we haven’t even started it yet. I was hoping to have a good time, to celebrate that school was finally over and hope summer would never end. But now I wanted it to end, just so I didn’t have to spend my vacation with Jayden and his family.
 “If you guys like, you can have my room while I sleep on the fold out couch,” Dad continues.
“There’s no need for you to do that, Reilly,” Mr Mason says. “You can keep your room. Lillian and I can sleep on the couch. It’s no problem at all.”
Dad turns to Jayden. “Jayden, your parents and I decided that it will be okay with us if you stay in Nicole’s room. We trust you. I know you’re both eighteen, but while we are in this house under my roof, there will be no funny business. Jayden you will sleep on the floor, okay?”
 “Okay, Mr Fletcher.” Jayden turns to me, winks and gave me a smile I knew I couldn't trust. He was up to something. It was written all over his face. How could my own dad trust him staying in the same room as me? 
The Masons walked inside. Leaving my stuff on the stairs, I walk over to Dad and ask him why they were here.
“They thought it would be nice if we could all spend the summer together.” Dad closed the boot. “What’s the matter, Nicole? I thought you would be thrilled to have Jayden stay with us.”
“I am.” I put on a fake smile. “I just wish you'd told me first. You know how much I enjoy it being just you and me here.”
Dad smiles and pulls me into a hug and kisses my forehead. “Hey, you and I can still do something fun together. Just because the Masons are here, it doesn’t mean we have to put our plans on hold.”
I nod, answering okay and forcing myself to smile. Truthfully, I didn’t want to agree with Dad. When I was around Jayden, nothing was fun. And when nothing was fun, then whatever I did with Dad wasn’t fun either, because all I could think about was what Jayden did to me.
I turn back towards the house, grabbing my suitcase and head inside. Mr and Mrs Mason are in the lounge, putting their stuff on the floor, acting like as if this was their own holiday home. I went to my room and found Jayden lying on my bed, smoking a cigarette. He had his suitcase open and already scattered some of his clothes all over the floor. Jayden could be such an untidy person. His room was always such a mess, and it seemed he was planning on messing up my room up too. He didn’t seem to care that the room belonged to me.
“I hope you don’t plan on smoking in here the whole of summer,” I told him, putting my luggage on the floor beside the bed.
Jayden takes a puff of his cigarette and exhaled the smoke. “Do you have a problem with me smoking?”
I was going to say yes, but I was afraid to say it, so I just said, “No.”
 “Good. If you do have a problem, then you can just leave.”
“Why do I have to leave? It’s my room.”
“Not any more it isn’t. It’s our room.”
“Yeah, but still, it’s my room.”
Jayden sits up and puts the cigarette butt out, dabbing it out on the side of my bedside table. The smile on his face told me he couldn’t care less about destroying a piece of my furniture. He got up, walks over to me and grabs my right hand, placing the butt in my palm. I look up at him.
 “Even if this is your room, I will treat it anyway I want,” he replies.
Jayden walks out of the room. Once he is gone, I unpack my things. “I still can’t believe I have to share my room with that jerk,” I say to myself.
Once I had finished unpacking, Dad put together lunch for everyone, preparing some sandwiches. We sat down at the dining table to eat. Jayden sat beside me while his parents sat across from us, and Dad sat on my right.
 “So, what are you two planning to do this afternoon?” Mrs Mason asks Jayden and me.
“I’m thinking we should take a walk along the beach,” Jayden says to her. He takes a sip of his drink and set it down on the table. I stare ahead, not wanting to look in his direction, when I feel his hand on my knee, and then runs it up my thigh. I tense as he continues his torture. I do not move, but as his hands runs higher, I push his hand away, knowing I will pay later for it. His face said I would. He flared his nostrils and clenched his fist on his own lap. I flinch, half expecting him to hurt me here, but he doesn’t.
“Well, that would be nice,” Mrs Mason replies, smiling at her son.
I ate lunch quickly, wanting to get away from the table. I want to be as far away from Jayden, but I knew it wasn’t going to happen. As soon as I finish eating, Jayden finishes too. We head out to the beach like he told his mother we were going to do, although I knew Jayden had other plans in mind besides the beach.
The beach is packed with people swimming, surfing and sunbaking on the sand. From our house, Jayden and I walk to the right side of the beach where the pier is, walking in utter silence. As we get closer, I could see a line outside the kiosk and a few people on the pier, either fishing or checking out the view. I like to come down here when I want to be alone.
Jayden and I walk under the pier.
I take off my thongs and dip my feet in the cool ocean. I want to strip off and go for a swim, but there was no way I was going to be in a bikini with Jayden around. I had an idea what would go through his head if he saw me in a two-piece bathing suit, but I was not about to give him that satisfaction.
I hear the click of a lighter and turn to see Jayden lighting up another cigarette. I wonder what enjoyment he gets puffing on each cigarette. Doesn’t he know the damage it causes to the body? Not that I really care what he does.
“You know you shouldn’t smoke on the beach,” I tell him. “It’s forbidden. Where are you going to put the butt? You can’t put it on the sand or the ocean.”
Jayden inhales the cigarette and then walks over to me, exhaling the smoke in my face. I cough. How can anyone even put a cigarette to their mouth?
“Are you going to tell me that I can’t smoke all vacation?” he asks me.
I shake my head.
“Good. I will smoke where I want, whenever I want. I don’t want to hear you say what I can and can’t do all vacation. You aren’t my damn mother, so stop acting like you are.”
I just stare at him, afraid to say another word. He will probably do something to punish me after what I did at the table at lunch now that we were alone. Jayden inhales and then exhales the smoke in my face. He holds the cigarette in front of me. I hold my breath so I don’t breathe in the smell of the smoke.
“You want to try it?” he asks, pushing the cigarette to my lips. I struggle, and push it away. “Come on, we could smoke together and then I won’t have to hear you complain all the time.”
I shake my head. I don’t want to put it anywhere near my mouth. I don’t even want to know what Dad would say if he found out I started smoking.
“Take it, bitch,” he says, attempting to make me try again. “Or are you worried about what daddy will say?” He chuckles.
I ignore his comment about my dad. I inhale, afraid of what he might do to me if I didn’t take the puff. I exhaled the smoke, coughing instantly. I feel sick, turning away from Jayden, and throw up in the sand. Instead of being the perfect boyfriend and coming to see if I’m alright, he does exactly what I should expect from him. He laughs. After vomiting, my mouth tastes horrible. I badly need a drink of water. If only the ocean wasn’t full of salt, I could drink some just to get the taste out of my mouth. Before I stand, I cover the vomit up with the sand.
I stand, and watch Jayden flick his butt on the sand and bury it with his foot. I wonder if he knew what he was doing to the environment by littering.
He looks my way, a half smile on his face as he stuffs his hand in the pocket of his jeans and pulls out a small blue velvet box. I don’t want to think about what is inside it. I swallow and take a step back as he opens it, revealing a silver ring with a white stone in the centre. I look from the ring to him. Was he serious about proposing to me? We were not really a couple. Why was he even considering asking me? Before I could ponder on the reasons why, he stood before me and snatches my hand, asking me that very question.
“Marry me?” he asks.
I shake my head. Why would I want to marry him after the way he treats me? Besides, this was not the way I imagined to be proposed to, and it should be by the man I love and loves me. Neither of us wanted marriage so why was he asking? Plus I am far too young. I have plans. I want to travel the world, go to college to study teaching, to do what I want. I know I could be a great teacher. I studied German at school and love the language. Maybe I could teach that, or travel and tourism. I have plans, so many plans, and marriage was not one of them.
 “Marry me, Nicole.”
“No, I don’t want to, Jayden. I’m not ready for marriage.”
Jayden stares at me with his brown eyes. His face changes, the sparkle in his eyes is gone. I shouldn’t have said no, but I did. I don’t want him. My heart jumps when he suddenly moves towards me, catching me unaware. My mind had wandered to what married life to him would be like, and that was somewhere I never wanted to go. I thought it was going to slap me or something, but instead he grabs hold of my left wrist, so tightly I know it will bruise, another one I have to lie about to my Dad. I thought he was going to break it. I want to cry out in pain, but that would make things worse. I bite my lip, doing my best to hold back the tears which threaten to fall. The pain is almost unbearable, but I do not make a sound. It would be worse for me if I did. He likes to hurt me, but if I make a sound, he punishes me more. I swallow, and nod, agreeing to marry this boy, not a man in my eyes, not a boyfriend. I dare not to reject him again. I should have said yes the moment he asked me. I was a fool, should have known better.
 “Marry me, Nicole,” he repeats.
I swallow hard, afraid of what he was going to do next if I rejected him again. I nodded yes.
Jayden slips the ring on my finger and smiles. He looks smug. I tense at the slightest touch of his skin on mine. I stare down at it. It is beautiful, but I don’t feel right wearing it.
“Why are you so desperate to get married?” I ask him. “You don’t even care about me.”
“That’s right. I don’t love you. It’s my mother who keeps pestering me about marrying you. She says ‘we’re a lovely couple’, so to stop her from nagging, I told her I would propose to you. That’s the only reason why my parents asked your dad if we could come down here. Mum is organising the wedding for us already. Anyway, I’m going to go.”
I watch as Jayden walks away, heading towards the kiosk. Watching him leave, I allow the tears I held back, flow down my cheeks, I cannot control them. They flow one after the other. I sniff and wipe my face. I know my eyes are red, and I can’t go home, not yet. I study the ring. It burns my flesh. I don’t want it on my finger. I pull it off and stuff it in my pocket. I can’t bear to look at it. I didn’t understand why he gave me the ring, and why his mother is desperate for us to get married so quickly. No one cares what I want. I wondered what my Dad will say when he knows I am engaged. I’m only eighteen.
I take the ring out from my pocket again, feared that Jayden was right behind me and will hit me for taking it off. I look behind me. I don’t see him anywhere. I turn my attention back to the piece of jewellery. I study it for a second and I wonder if I should place it back on my finder, but that does not appeal. So I just drop it, burying it in the sand with my foot. I know Jayden would not miss me wearing it. I couldn’t bear to look at it, not for another second. I don’t want to be his wife. Nicole Mason does not seem right to me.














Chapter 2
~ Jayden ~
 
I was glad to finally get away from Nicole. I can’t stand being near her, not even for a second. She was beautiful, but I don’t like her the same way I did back when we were fourteen. We’d split up a year ago. Now all I was interested in was getting her in bed. If we ever get the beach house to ourselves, I will get the chance then. I know she isn’t interested in sleeping me, but I know I can get her in the mood.
I didn’t want to propose to her. I probably should have told my parents we were no longer going out, but then I would have had my mother on my back about how perfect we were for each other, and how I shouldn’t have let her get away. I don’t know why my mum is so desperate for us to be together. I’m not even interested in getting married. It has always been Mum’s dream for us to be together since we were younger. I only got, okay stole, the ring to shut my mother up.
I may not want to get married, but if my mother wants it, then it will happen, and I for one am happy she is organising it. I don’t want any part of it. I couldn’t stand seeing Nicole pretend to be happy. I know she is acting, we both are, but she will act how I tell her to. She will marry me, if I say so. And with that ring on her finger, she has accepted. I know my mother will be over the moon.
I don’t bother to check to see if she is following me. I know she won’t, and I am grateful for that. I march forward, pumping my arms. I scan the beach area, enjoying the warm sun on me, and admiring the young girls my age in their bikinis. I will watch them later. Right now I’m thirsty. I spot a kiosk where I also see my best friend Matt being served. I head over to him. I had asked him to come on vacation to Canary Bay, that way I didn’t have to spend my time with Nicole. With him here it will make it least boring. He had rented a place not far from the beach house.
Matt looks in my direction just as the cute chick at the counter serves him, the fringe of his emo hair style falling in his face as he gives me a nod when I stand beside him. The chick hands him two cans of red bull. I eye her up. She is so sexy. I love the way she looks, even if the sweat was trickling down her face, which is not attractive, but it is a hot day. I can see the outline of her bra, and stare at it. She is aware of me watching her every move. She gives me a quick glance, smiling, before turning back to Matt, taking his payment.
Matt thanks the girl and then turns to me, greeting me as he hands over a can of Red Bull. I take it, opening it and take a sip.
“Are you coming to my place later?” he asks me. “I’m having a party tonight and I’ve invited these hot chicks I met on the beach earlier.”
“Yeah, I’ll be there.” It’s better than staying at home, listening to my mum say how happy I have made her now that Nicole and I are finally engaged, I thought to myself.
We take a seat at a wooden table.
“Are you planning on doing anything special with Nicole while we’re here?”
I pull out my packet of cigarettes, taking one out and then offering one to Matt. He takes one. “I’m not planning to do anything with that bitch.” I lit the cigarette before lighting Matt’s. At least now I can enjoy this without Nicole telling me I can’t smoke. “She won’t miss me if I’m not with her. Hopefully, my mother doesn’t make me do something with her.” I roll my eyes.
“Did you give her the ring?”
I nod.
“Did she say yes?” He takes a puff of his.
“At first she said no, but I made her say yes.”
He exhales the smoke. “What did you do to make her?”
“Well, I did what it took to make her, like this,” I say, taking hold of his wrist to demonstrate, tightening my grip. I knew it wasn’t hurting him, but on Nicole I make sure she feels all of my strength. “She soon changed her mind.”
Matt and I hang out on the beach for a while, chatting up some girls. They were cute too, and made a note to find them later if I could not score with the kiosk girl. They were total flirts and I love it. I haven't seen Nicole since I left her near the pier. Not that I care whether or not she is still there. I don’t want to see her face.
I head home in the late afternoon, promising Matt I will see him later. My parents and Mr Fletcher are sitting on the couch in the lounge room, watching something on television. They turn to me as soon as I walk in, asking where Nicole is, since I come in alone. I quickly thought up a reason why she wasn’t with me.
“She’s still out on the beach,” I lie. Well, I suppose it wasn’t a lie. She could be anywhere right now.
 “Did you ask her yet?” Mum asks me.
 “Ask Nicole what?” Mr Fletcher wants to know.
I nod. “Yes, I proposed to her and she said yes.”
My mother starts squealing with excitement, jumping up and down like a kid at a candy store. She hugs Dad. Mr Fletcher looks stunned. I roll my eyes over my mother’s reaction. I knew she would be happy, but this reaction is more than I can bear, but place a smile on my lips, and take a stand as she rushes towards me and crushes me in a hug.
I roll my eyes. “Mum! For crying out loud, it’s just a stupid engagement. Get over yourself, please.”
I turn and walk out of the room towards Nicole’s room. I close the door, resting my back against it, standing and listened to my parents. Mum continues cheering. I wonder if she notices how ridiculous she sounds.
 “We should have a celebration tonight,” Mum suggests. “Come on, Marco. Let’s go get a cake and start getting everything ready.”
I roll my eyes. It’s not like I was really going to marry Nicole. I plan to break the engagement just before the wedding.
Dad agrees to the celebration. I soon hear my father’s car start up. Good. They’re gone.
I was about to move away from the door when I hear Mr Fletcher say, “Nicole, can I talk to you?”
I open the door and poke my head out. Mr Fletcher is sitting on the couch. Nicole walks over and joins her father.
“Jayden told us the good news,” Mr Fletcher says. “I’m happy for you both. Don’t get me wrong, but are you sure this is something you want to do? Marriage is a big responsibility. I know your heart is set on travelling the world and going off to college. Do you think you’re able to juggle marriage, too?”
Nicole nods. “Yes, I’ll be able to juggle it all. I really want to marry Jayden.” I can hear it in her voice that she is lying through her teeth about wanting to marry me. We both know neither of us wants to get married. It is just my stupid mother who wants us to do it. She is always on my back about marrying Nicole.
 “Okay, I guess there is no stopping you if this is what you want.”
“It is what I want.”
“Can I see the ring?”
“Hold on a sec, Dad. I really need to go to the bathroom.”
Something in her voice tells me she doesn’t have the ring on her. She better not have lost it. Matt and I did not rob a house just so Nicole can lose it, or if she dared to throw it away. We spent hours trying to make the ring look brand new.
Nicole heads to the bathroom. I close the door and sit down on her bed to wait for her. She is so going to be punished if she did lose the ring. I clench my fists, ready to find out the truth.
 “Where’s the ring?” I ask her, the moment she enters the room.
“It’s on my finger,” she answers, and hides her hand behind her back.
I stand up and walk over to her. She was lying to me. “Where’s the ring, Nicole?”
Nicole doesn’t answer. I grab her left wrist, pulling her hand towards me to find her finger bare. I feel her body tense, but I am so angry, I tighten my grip and yank her towards me, so close I can feel her body shake against mine. My face inches from hers, my lips close to hers as I repeated my question.
“I buried it.”
 “You buried it?”
“Yeah, I buried it in the sand.”
I grip tighter and twist her wrist, seeing the pain in her eyes, but she remains silent. Nicole asks me to let go, but I refuse to listen.
 “You better find that ring, okay? Matt and I did not rob a house just so you can bury it in the sand.” I let go of her wrist.
Nicole rubs at it. She stares at me, shock evident on her face. “The ring is stolen? You broke into someone’s house?”
“Yeah, I did. Do you really think I would run down to a jewellery store and buy you a million dollar ring? No, I stole the ring so I didn’t have to spend any money on you. And you better not tell anyone what Matt and I did. You will pay for it if you tell anyone.”
“Do you realise how much trouble you could get into, Jayden?”
“Yes, and I don’t care. You better get the ring back. Do you have any idea what our parents will think if you aren’t wearing it?”
Nicole looks at me, fear in her eyes. “I will find it, Jayden.”
“Good, and don’t come back home until you have found it.”
Nicole remains silent. She turns and walks out of the room. Good. She is gone and I have the room to myself. I grab a cigarette and lit it up.




Chapter 3
~ Sean ~
I place my earphones in my ears, scanning the songs on my playlist on my iPod. Scrolling down until I came to my favourite band, The All-American Rejects. I click on my favourite song by them. I look down at my three month old German shepherd, Sam, who was sitting in front of me on the back veranda of our home where we lived on the beach in Canary Bay. She stares at me, wondering if I was ready to go for a run on the beach, like we always did every afternoon before the sun went down.
“Come on girl,” I tell her.
Sam turns and runs down the steps, running ahead of me. I run after her, telling her to wait. She obeys me and together we run along the beach towards the pier. Sunset was in an hour and people are starting to leave. I like it when the beach was less crowded. At least then I don’t have to worry about dodging out of the way for anyone who might be lying on the beach or playing games of Frisbee. Sam likes to chase after the Frisbee sometimes so I’m glad no one is around with one.
We head over to the pier. By the time we reach it, I’m breathless from running. Sam is panting too. I walk over to the kiosk where my cousin Kayla works, waiting to serve a customer. I wait for her, like I do most evenings when she gets off work. While I wait we always chat about idle things, sometimes the weather crops up. I usually buy a bottle of water after my run, and share it with Sam.
“Hey, Sean,” Kayla greets me when I got to the counter.
I wave to her.
“Water?” she asks.
I nod. “Yes, please.”
Kayla turns to the fridge behind her, grabbing a bottle of water. I take out my wallet, grabbing a two dollar coin and hand it to her. Thanking her for the drink, I place my wallet away. I then unscrew the lid and down half of the water. Sam whines from where she lay beneath my feet. Kayla hands me an empty takeaway container and I pour some water in for Sam, placing it on the ground for her.
“So, did you have a nice run?” Kayla asks me.
“Yeah, I did.”
“I don’t know how you can stand to run in this heat.”
“The heat doesn’t really bother me. Besides, I love this weather. I’m so glad my parents don’t have to teach in Reykjavik any more. I have missed out on hot summers for five years. It feels great to be in a warm country again. Það er frábær.”
My parents are both teachers. Mum teaches primary, while Dad teaches high school. They were offered teaching positions in Iceland for five years. As much as I love Iceland, I missed Australia. It feels good to be back in a warmer climate after spending the last five years in a cold climate. Iceland is always cold, even in summer. I spent my last year of high school in Australia.
 “I would do anything just to be in Iceland right now,” Kayla tells me. “And please don’t say things in Icelandic. I hate it when you say things I don't understand.”
“Sorry. I said it’s fantastic. Anyway, you should visit there someday. It’s such a beautiful place. You would love it.”
 “Maybe I will.”
 “Well, I better head back. Bye.”
“See ya, Sean.”
I pick up the container Sam has finished drinking out of and place it in a nearby bin. We head back home. Just as we do, I notice a blonde haired girl under the pier. She is digging in the sand frantically. I cannot tear my eyes away from her as she continues digging. I can see the frustration etched on her face. I can only assume she must have lost something important. I recall the time I did that when I was ten, how I lost a pair of shoes in the sand. I don’t know what made me bury them. I never did find them.
I jog over to her with Sam at my heels, to see if she needs help finding whatever she has lost, asking her just that.
She looks up at me. “I’m fine, thanks. I’ll find what I’m looking for. I know it’s around here somewhere.”
I feel I should walk away and leave her, but I figured I may as well be a Good Samaritan. I join her down in the sand and start using my hands to dig, not that I have any idea what I am looking for. Sam walks over to the girl, nudging her with her nose. She loves being fussed. The girl smiles and pats Sam’s head. I can’t help but smile at her. 
“Thanks for helping me,” she replies, “but you really don’t need to do this. I don’t want to stop you from doing anything you need to do.”
I look up at her. “It’s no problem at all. I don’t really need to do anything, except besides head home for dinner. By the way, what am I looking for?”
 “A ring, but I think it’s going to take a while to find it.”
She isn’t kidding about that. Looking for a ring is like trying to search for a needle in a haystack. I don’t tell her this, but I don’t think we will ever find her ring. Knowing I never located the shoes back when I was ten. I knew there is little chance of finding the ring. I watch her as we continue to dig. At least I now know what I am searching for.
“So, how did you lose it?”
“I buried it.”
I had to wonder why she did that. Who buries a ring?
“Now I need to find it,” she continues. “Listen, why don’t you go? I don’t want you to be in trouble for getting home late, just because you helped me. I mean, I’m the one who buried it so I should be the one to find it. Thanks for the help.”
I don’t argue. If she doesn’t want my help, then she doesn’t want it. I just smile instead and tell her I will see her around. I call Sam and walk away. I walk a few feet and cannot help but turn around and look back. She is still on her knees digging, her fringe falls before her eyes and I see her blow it away for it to only fall right back down. I really hope she will find what she was looking for.
As soon as I walk through the back door of my home, Mum has dinner set on the table. My older sister, Rachel, is lying on the couch, speaking on the phone in Icelandic to her boyfriend. My younger sister, Sophie, is sitting at the table, texting on her phone. My parents are sitting at the table also. Dad tells Sophie to get off her phone. She obeys Dad and puts it in the pocket of her jeans before eating the meat loaf Mum has made. I sit down beside Sophie just as Dad turns to Rachel and tells her to also get off the phone. Rachel joins us at the table, and sits across from Sophie.
 “How’s Hans?” Mum asks my sister.
“He is doing okay,” Rachel answers, taking a bite of her meat loaf. “He is thinking of visiting me here whenever he gets time off from work.”
 “That would be nice if he did.”
Sam sat underneath the table near my feet, placing her paw up on my leg. I knew what she wanted. I make sure my parents aren’t looking and break a piece of meat loaf off my plate, dropping it on the floor for Sam.
Mum catches me. “Sean, please do not feed Sam under the table or give her any of your food.”
 “Have you fed her yet?” Dad asks me.
“Nei,” I answer no in Icelandic.
“Okay. Be sure to feed her once you finish your dinner.”
I tell Dad I will. I quickly ate my dinner and put some food out for Sam. I’m glad it’s not my turn to wash up, tonight is Sophie’s turn. I’m free to do whatever I want. I grab my acoustic guitar from my room and go outside to sit with it on the steps of the back veranda. Sam joins me. It is nice and peaceful with only the sound of the waves washing to shore. I like to come out here at night to play around with my guitar just so I don’t bug anyone inside, especially my sisters, who sometimes get annoyed with me for playing. I have a bass guitar as well, which I only use when my friends come over.
I belong to a band which my friend Cody started up last year shortly after I returned from Iceland. We call ourselves White Wave. Cody named the band after the meaning of his girlfriend’s name, Jennifer. She's in the band too, playing the guitar and backing vocals. I play bass and backing vocals too. Cody is lead vocal and my other friend Taylor is the drummer. We haven’t made it big yet. Mainly we just fool around in the garage in the afternoons on school weeks, and any time during the day over holidays and weekends. We are practising to enter a band competition in a week, where if we win, we will split a thousand dollar prize as well as win a recording contract. I don’t know if a recording contract is something I really want since I like playing music for fun, but Cody’s heart is set on making our band big.
I start strumming some chords on my guitar, playing one of my all-time favourite songs by The All-American Rejects, singing the lyrics.
“I love that song,” I hear a voice say. “You play it so well.”
I stop playing, looking up to see the girl I saw down at the pier earlier. She walks over to me. I wonder if she found her ring. I also can’t help wonder why she is standing outside of my house. I didn’t even hear her approach the house, but then again I don’t think you can hear anyone when they are walking on sand. It didn’t really surprise me that Sam didn’t bark. She was a quiet dog. Most dogs I knew would bark at anyone walking by, but Sam didn’t.
“Takk fyrir,” I hear myself say. I don’t know why I spoke Icelandic. The words just slipped out. I quickly apologise, telling her how I had lived in Iceland for five years, and even though Australia is my home and has been for the past year, I find myself sometimes blurting out random things in Icelandic.
Sam gets up and walks over to her. She pats Sam’s head before looking up at me. 
“That’s cool.”
I hold out my hand. “My name’s Sean.”
She shakes it. “Nicole.”
I smile at her. “It’s nice to meet you, Nicole. Oh, that’s my dog Samantha, but I call her Sam.”
Nicole sits down on the steps with me. Sam wanted to sit on my lap. I place the guitar down behind me to make space for her.
“So, did you find the ring?” I ask her.
She nods and looks down at a silver ring now back on her finger on her left hand. The white stone glistens in the light. I notice she looks sad. 
“What’s wrong?” I ask her, scratching behind Sam’s ears. “You look like you aren’t happy about finding the ring.”
“That’s because I’m not. I don’t want to wear it.”
“If you don’t mind me asking, why don’t you want to wear it?”
Nicole doesn’t answer me straight away. I watch her, as she bites her lip, like she is searching for the words. I wait, allowing her to tell me in her own time. What she says shocks me. 
“It’s because I’m forced to wear it. I had to agree to marry him, to say yes, to wear this ring. I don’t love him and he doesn’t love me. He proposed to me today, all because his mother wants us to get married. She’s had this idea in her head for years, thinks we are the perfect couple. We were twelve when the idea popped in her head, we were young and joked that we would, when we were older,” she sighs. “They don’t even know that we are not a couple anymore.”
I listen, my head spinning with all the information this girl is telling me. I’m confused, they are engaged, but they are not a couple. I want to ask her questions, but the look in her eyes stops me as she continues.
“We are just pretending to be a couple for his parents. I thought if I buried the ring, he wouldn’t miss it. I don’t want to wear it. Another reason is because he didn’t buy it for me. He stole it.”
I don’t say anything. I don’t even know what I can say. I just sit listening to her tell me her problems, not knowing why she is telling me them in the first place. I don’t mind though. I could tell she needed someone to talk to, and I was happy to listen, staring at her as I wondered how I could help her. As I stared at her, I couldn’t help but wonder why he disliked her so called fiancée, and why they broke up. Something doesn’t seem right, but I couldn’t work it out. She is pretty. Beautiful, is what I would say. Jayden should be lucky to be with her. I know I would be.
“I’m sorry,” she replies. “I don’t know why I’m telling you all of this. You don’t care what my problems are.”
“No, it’s okay. I don’t mind listening.”
“I didn’t mean to bother you or anything. I was just out looking for Jayden, to see if he was on the beach. He went somewhere without telling me.” 
“You aren’t bothering me. So, um, do you live here?” I pray silently to myself, hoping she did so I can see her again.
“No, I’m just on vacation with my dad, and Jayden’s family. We're staying just three houses down from here.”
I try not to feel disappointed. I should be happy she is only three houses down. At least I can still see her even though it will be temporary.
 “How long are you staying for?” I ask her.
“We are here until the end of January, so about two or three weeks.”
I wish you could stay longer, I want to say. I don’t know why I’m thinking that. I mean I have only just met her. I don’t even know her. 
“Who are you talking to, Sean?” I hear my mother say. Nicole and I turn to her as she joins us on the back veranda. She spots Nicole and gives her a warm smile. “Hello.”
I introduce Nicole to my mother. 
“Hi.” Mum shakes Nicole’s hand. “You can call me Jane. Would you like anything to drink?”
“I’m fine, thanks.” She gets up from the stairs. “Actually, I think I might head back. It was nice meeting you two.”
“Okay, see you soon.” 
Nicole turns to me, saying goodbye before she walks away.
Once she is gone, Mum turns to me. “Nicole seems like a nice girl. Does she live around here?”
I wish. I shake my head. “No, she is here on vacation.”
“Okay, well hopefully she chooses to come back to visit soon.” Mum turns to head back inside.
I sit there for a moment, thinking about Nicole. I want to know if I was going to see her again or if she is interested in seeing me. I mean, if she isn’t happy with her so-called fiancé, maybe she could try to date someone else. Sure, she was here on vacation, but I’m sure we could spend some time together and get to know each other. Maybe we can start a long distance relationship or something once the vacation is over.
I gently push Sam off my lap, and run after Nicole. I call out her name. She stops and turns around to face me.
“Hey, are you doing anything tomorrow?” I ask her.
“I’m not quite sure yet. I may be doing something with my dad.”
“If you’re able to, would you like to listen to me play? My friends and I have this band. We have band practice tomorrow after lunch. You’re welcome to come listen to us.”
Nicole smiles. “I will be there.”




















Chapter 4
~ Nicole ~

Sean says goodbye before walking away. I watch him, unable to take my eyes off him. He turns around half way down the beach, flashing me a smile before continuing the rest of the way. I head back to mine. I smile to myself as I walk, thinking about Sean. Although I have only just met him, I can tell he is nothing like Jayden. The way he speaks to me, he doesn’t say hurtful things or treat me like I’m stupid. He even listens to me, unlike Jayden. 
I go to my room when I arrive home. I expected to see Jayden in my room, waiting for me so he can hurt me for taking a walk along the beach. I sigh with relief when I find my room empty. I get dress for bed, saying goodnight to our parents before heading back to my room.
I fall asleep until I feel someone drag me from my bed. At first I thought I was dreaming, but as my butt hits the floor, I’m fully awake, knowing this is not a dream. The room is dark. I can’t see anything, but I know the person in the room is Jayden, and this is my punishment for taking that walk. I curl up in a ball, ready for him to attack me, which I know is coming. I’m ready for it, but nothing happens. I’m shock. He never waits this long to strike me. I can hear him breathing behind me as I wait for the hit, but still nothing happens. I hear the bed springs creak. I remain in place, hugging my knees. I didn’t dare to move. I wait in the silent dark room. I can smell his beer breath from here. It’s best for me to stay quiet when he is drunk. I have learnt that the hard way.
I get up to switch on the lamp. He is lying on my bed, drunk. His eyes are closed, but I know he isn’t asleep yet. He wouldn’t go straight to bed until he abuses me first. I’m angry now from being pulled roughly from my own bed. I know I should stay quiet, but I have to ask him to know if he was with Matt. I knew he was here too. They were rarely apart.
“Where have you been?” I ask him, not really sure if he would even answer me. I wonder how much he has had to drink. I don’t like the taste of alcohol, but I don’t get how anyone can drink so much they end up drunk. I’m not against those that chose to drink. I’m against those who react violently when they have had a few. Like the alcohol is the reason, an excuse to act how they like. Jayden is nasty and mean when he is drunk, unless he has passed out from having too much.
 “Mind your own damn business, Nicole,” Jayden tells me, not moving from the bed.
“Look, it’s not like I care what you get up to, but I still want to know where you were.”
Jayden jumps up off the bed. As I watch him, a smile appears on his lips. He knows he scares me and I await the moment he will do it, do whatever he wants to me, like he always does. I hate him. 
“Are you deaf?” he asks me.
I shake my head, afraid to open my mouth to say anything.
“Then when I tell you to mind your own damn business, I mean mind your own damn business. So shut up and stop asking me questions that don’t even concern you.”
I watch in horror as he raises his hand. I’m too scared to move. I don’t dare to make a sound. He will strike me for making a sound. I have to take the punishment. His hand stings as it makes contact with my cheek, the force so hard I fall to the floor, and crumple into a ball. I close my eyes, and bite my lip. I try not to cry. If I cry, he will laugh and most likely kick me while I lay here. My face feels numb. It was hard not to cry from the pain I’m in. The pain increases, stings and feels as if it will bruise. I want to apply a cold compress, but I remain on the floor. I feel the tears in my eyes, but blink them away quickly. He will call me weak if I cry, and then laugh at me, hurting me with his cruel words. I want to call out to Dad, but I don’t. Jayden will punish me so hard if I do that. I wish more than anything for his parents or my father to walk in, but they don’t. I’m sure they could hear us in here.
I remain silent as I glance up at Jayden. I force myself to keep my emotions inside. I have taught myself to do that over the years. It isn’t easy, but I manage to do it.
He towers over me. “Are you going to keep asking me questions about where I have been?”
I shake my head.
“Good, because I’m not going to –” he stops in mid-sentence and suddenly opens the door, running out of the room.
I remain on the floor, watching the door. He doesn’t returned. I know I should go after him, he would expect it. Like the good fiancée I am. I check on his parents, they are both fast asleep, snoring. Deep sleepers I assume. I bet an earthquake wouldn’t wake them up.
I tiptoe towards the bathroom, and hear Jayden gagging, another reason I don’t like alcohol. He is on his knees, head over the toilet bowl, retching. I stand watching him, not sure if I should assist him or not. He has been in this state many times, and I have tried in the past to help him, only to be pushed away. He wasn’t anything like my dad.
When I was younger, Dad would drink far too much around the time it was my birthday. He has his reasons. He would say he is fine, but you know truthfully when you see the sadness in his eyes he isn’t. I could do whatever I wanted on my birthday. As it got closer to the time I was born, that’s when he would choose to drink. May thirteenth wasn’t just about my birthday. It was also the day my mother died. I used to think he blamed me for her death, but he told me it wasn’t. I was just a baby. He chooses to drink until he feels numb. At four years old, I learnt to cope with my drunken father, staying up late to take care of him. He told me it wasn’t my responsibility to clean up the mess, but at the same time he really appreciated me cleaning everything up.
At first I felt bad about sharing my birthday with my mother’s death. There was nothing I could do to change it. I had to deal with it. With help from friends and family, he stopped drinking when I was nine. I was grateful he did. He couldn’t keep going at it every year. Since then he hasn’t been drunk once.
Once he finishes vomiting, Jayden stands and flushes the toilet, and then pushes past me. I follow him back to my room, closing the door behind us.
“Do you really want to know where I was?” he tells me. I don’t say anything. I just stand waiting for him to tell me. “I was with Matt. He has rented a house near here and he invited me over. We were having an awesome time with these hot chicks. He throws the best parties.” He looks at me and mumbles, “Those chicks are so much hotter than you.”
I stare at him, knowing he was trying to get under my skin. I didn’t care what he thought, but he continued on.
“Maybe if you took better care of yourself, make an effort, you would be better looking, Nicole. Maybe I would like you more.”
As he continues to insult me, I do my best to ignore him. But his cruel words creep under my skin, like he was twisting a knife through it. I do my best to keep calm. I think about Sean, knowing he would never speak to me the way Jayden does. 
Jayden turns away from me and climbs back on my bed, sleeping on top of the covers. In an instant he falls asleep. I want to go and literally shake him, tell him that it’s my bed, and I have every right to sleep in it, even if he is a guest. I chose not to, knowing I would pay for that kind of outburst. Instead, I sat inside his sleeping bag, attempting to curl up in a ball, and sleep on the hard floor, as I try my best to hold back the tears. I don’t want to cry. I don’t want him to hear me. I would pay for that too. I cry softly to myself, hand over my mouth, hoping that I can muffle the sound that way.

 


   *     *     *      *     *

Jayden is still asleep when I wake up in the morning. I wouldn’t want to be him when he wakes up. I still wonder how much he had to drink last night.
I grab some fresh clothes and head to the bathroom to change. Mr and Mrs Mason are up and in the kitchen making breakfast, filling the house with the smell of scrambled eggs and bacon. I greet them as I sit at the table. Mrs Mason set a plate full of eggs and bacon in front of me, as well as a glass of orange juice. I don’t really like the taste of bacon. I don’t want to be rude, especially after she made it for me, but there’s no way I can eat it. I would have to find a way to tell her that I’m not keen on bacon.
Dad joins us. I was glad Jayden wasn’t at the table with us yet.
“Is Jayden still sleeping?” Mr Mason asks me.
I nod. “Yeah, he is still sleeping.” I push the bacon to one side of the plate and start on the eggs. If Mrs Mason or anyone else asks me why I haven’t touched the bacon, I would just say I’m not hungry. I don’t think they would get upset with me for not eating it and Dad was the only person who knew I didn’t like bacon.
“Nicole, you and Jayden don’t have any plans for today?” Mrs Mason asks me.
I take a sip of my orange juice. I think I would rather die than make plans with Jayden. Besides, I’m seeing Sean later. Oh, and another thing, I think Jayden is going to sleep for a while. He will probably have a massive hangover too.
“There are no plans as far as I know,” I answer.
“Well, I was thinking maybe you and I could look for a bridal dress.”
I look at Mrs Mason. We only just got engaged and already she wants me to choose a dress. We hadn't even set the wedding date yet.
 “That would be nice,” Dad says. He takes a sip of his coffee and set it back down on the table in front of him. “Do you have a dress in mind that you would like to wear?”
I guess for most girls plan their wedding in their early teens. I was no different. I had an idea of the dress I wanted. It changed all the time so at that moment I didn’t really know what dress I wanted, but I thought I'd probably know when I saw the dresses.
 “I do have something in mind,” I say. “But why do we have to look for it now? Shouldn’t we wait until Jayden and I pick a date?”
“Nicole, it’s never too early to start looking for a dress,” Mrs Mason tells me.
I don’t really like the idea of shopping for a dress. I mean, I’m sure it would take hours to find “the perfect dress” and I don’t want to spend all day doing so, not if it meant I would be missing out on seeing Sean playing in his band. What would he think of me if I didn’t show up? Thankfully, there was only one bridal shop here in Canary Bay. Hopefully Mrs Mason doesn’t make me travel to other towns to find “the perfect dress”.
Somehow I get the feeling I wasn’t going to be spending much time with my dad. This vacation would be all about planning Jayden’s and my stupid wedding, which neither of us wanted. I wonder how we were going to tell our parents that we no longer loved each other. I could just imagine Mrs Mason’s face. She will probably cry for months because we aren’t going to get married like she had always dreamt of us doing.
I agree to go dress shopping. It feels weird going with my soon-to-be-mother-in-law. The only time I ever got to go was with my aunts. Dad never felt comfortable taking me shopping, especially when I turned twelve and started wearing training bras. I remember when I got my period for the first time, and he didn’t know how to explain it to me. He had to get his sister to explain it for him. When I had to shop for a dress to wear to my formal last year I ended up shopping with my friend Lily and her mother. I wonder if in the future I would do shopping with Jayden’s mother. I didn’t think I'd like the idea of that.
“Thanks for taking me here, Mrs Mason,” I tell her as we walk into the bridal shop. “You didn’t really need to do this. You could at least wait until we return home.”
“It’s no problem, Nicole,” she replies. “By the way, why don’t you call me Lillian for now on rather than Mrs Mason?”
I agree to do so, although it doesn’t feel right to be calling her by her first name. It will never feel right to say it, even if I have known her and her husband for so long. But I guess I should get used to calling them both by their first names.
Mrs Mason and I look around the store at all the dresses. I find one I thought looks really nice. It’s a long white dress with thin spaghetti straps and a V-neck. There are rhinestones around the hemline of the neck. I try it on and it’s perfect on me. But for some reason I can’t see me wearing it to marry Jayden, because I know I won’t marry him. He can’t make me, can he? Maybe this dress wasn’t so “perfect”. Maybe I should keep looking. I don’t want Mrs Mason spending money on a dress I have no intention on wearing. I just hope Jayden calls off the engagement before we start spending too much money on the wedding. I want to end it myself, but I can’t. Knowing what he can and will do to me, has me going along with whatever he wants. No one cares what I want.
I tell Mrs Mason I’m not sure about the dress. I want to think on it. After all it’s my big day. I want the dress to be perfect. It was not a complete lie, but she nodded, as if she understood me. I wish she did. I wish I pluck up the courage and tell her the way her son treats me. I remain silent as we leave the store.
After leaving the store, Mrs Mason leads me down the path towards a small café, one I have often passed on my visits here in the past. Not sure why Dad and I never ate here. We find an empty table and sit. I wasn’t so hungry after eating breakfast, but Mrs Mason insists I have something to eat. I order an ice tea and a cinnamon scroll, while she has a latte and a chocolate brownie. She asks me what I was planning to do for the wedding. To tell you the truth I have no idea what I want to do. I don’t even care about this fake wedding. I don’t want to get married at all. Was it really such a big deal for Jayden and me to be married? Did anyone even care how we feel? 
I tell her I’m not sure what I want. I expect her to lecture me on what I should have. Instead, she tells me to let her know what I want, and she will organise it for me. Maybe I should tell her the one thing I want, and that is for them to leave. Leave us to have our father and daughter vacation, the way we plan it. Not with them, and a wedding I don’t want.
Jayden is still asleep when we return home, which is good. It meant I could sneak over to Sean’s place without him questioning me where I was going, or have his mother make arrangements for us to do stuff together. I don’t want that at all. I tell Dad I’m going for a walk along the beach, and head over to Sean’s.
I hear the band playing and someone singing as I approach Sean’s property. I knock on the door. A girl with shoulder-length blonde hair and blue eyes answers, her attention mostly on her phone, texting someone. She asks what she can do for me. She doesn’t even look at me when she spoke.
I want to tell her to stop texting while she is talking to me, but I don’t.
“I’m here to see Sean,” I tell her. “Is he around?”
“Yeah, he is in the garage,” she says, still not looking at me. “Come on in.” 
She moves aside for me so I can walk into the house. In the lounge is a girl who looks older than me lying on the couch, speaking on the phone in another language, which I guessed to be Icelandic. She too has blonde hair like her sister. The house is filled with the smell of spaghetti sauce coming from the kitchen. Even though I have had something to eat before I came here, the smell of the food makes me hungry again.
“Who’s at the door, Sophie?” I hear Sean's mother's voice call from the kitchen.
“Oh, just a girl who is here to see Sean,” Sophie replies, as she walks away from me, continuing to text. I can’t believe how rude she is towards me.
Sean’s mother emerges from the kitchen, wiping her hands on a tea towel. She smiles when she recognises me. “Hello, Nicole.”
“Hello, Mrs Livingston.”
“It’s good to see you again. Sean is in the garage.” She points to the door to the right of me in the lounge.
I thank her, as she turns back to the kitchen while Sophie joins her sister on the couch. I walk over to the door, feeling a little nervous as I turn the knob, wondering what his friends will think of me. He and his friends are playing away and don’t notice me walk in. The garage isn’t as big as I thought, without a car in it, there is plenty of space. I stand watching them play, unable to stop myself bobbing to the music.
Sean looks over at me and smiles, his eyes sparkle with delight. He turns to his friends, telling them to stop for a moment so he can introduce me. His friends greet me back. Taylor sits at the drums, his long brown hair in my opinion is in need of a cut. Jennifer plays the guitar like Sean, her brown hair hanging loose around her shoulders. Cody is the tallest out of everyone in the band. His short hair looks to me as if it has been dyed black. 
 “Please to meet you,” I say to them. “Your music sounds really good.”
“Thanks,” Cody answers, giving me a friendly smile.
“So, do you guys have a record deal or anything?” I ask.
“Not yet, but all of that could change soon,” Taylor replies. “There’s this band competition we’re entering next week. If we win first prize, we get a record deal.”
I smile at them. I was a little surprised they didn’t have a record deal yet. They sound so great. “Well, I don’t know a lot about music, but from the sound of it you will win.”
“Well, let’s hope that it is true,” Cody says.
“So, what do you call yourselves?”
“White Wave,” Jennifer answers.
“Yes, White Wave.” Cody put his arm around Jennifer and glances into her eyes. “We named ourselves after the most beautiful girl in the world. Jennifer means ‘white wave’.”
Jennifer smiles at him and leans over to kiss him. Just seeing the look on their faces reminds me how Jayden and I used to be when we first started dating. It hurt me a little, but I manage not to show it. I don’t want Sean or any of his friends knowing what I was thinking.
“Would you like to hear the song we are planning to perform?” Sean asks me.
“Yeah, I would love too.”
I take a seat on a chair, watching and listening as the band began to play the same song they were playing when I walked in earlier.
Chapter 5
~ Jayden ~

I slept in until noon, waking up with a massive hangover. My shirt smells like vomit. I take it off and dump it on the floor of Nicole’s room. I don’t want my parents to smell me like this and start asking questions. I can’t let them know what I have been up to the night before. Hopefully, I can make it to the bathroom, brush my teeth, and get rid of the taste of the vomit and the smell of alcohol out of my mouth before they notice anything. 
The good thing is my parents aren’t around when I walk out of the room. Mr Fletcher is in the kitchen putting together some lunch. I slip into the bathroom without him seeing me. I brush my teeth as well as take an aspirin before hopping into the shower to freshen up. I then sneak back into Nicole’s room to get changed and head to the laundry with my clothes to dump them in the washing machine.
“It’s good to see you up,” Mr Fletcher says to me as I walk into the kitchen. He is sitting at the table eating a salad sandwich. “Did you sleep well?”
I shrug. “I guess so.”
“Would you like anything to eat?”
Hell yeah, I want something to eat, but not from you. “Where is Nicole and my parents?” I ask him, rather than answering his question. I can’t be bothered to answer him.
 “Nicole is out on the beach and your parents went shopping.”
My parents are always shopping, so that was nothing new. Well, actually it was Mum who always went. She would usually drag Dad along even though he didn’t like shopping at all. As a kid she was always dragging me around stores too. I was glad when I turned thirteen that I didn’t have to go with her.
“Okay, well I’m going to go find Nicole,” I lie.
I left Mr Fletcher and head outside to the beach. It is crowded. I wander around, looking for something to do. I would be hanging out with Matt today, but he said he had to do a few things so I was going to meet up with him later tonight.
My stomach grumbles with hunger, reminding me I haven’t eaten yet. I’m hungry, and needed to find something to eat, since I skipped breakfast and feel like I’m going to die from starvation. The good thing is my headache is gone and now I can enjoy the rest of the day without worrying about my head pounding like a jackhammer.
I head over to the pier, checking my wallet to see how much money I have. The chick who was serving Matt yesterday is there again today. Like yesterday, she is dripping with sweat. I wonder if she is free for lunch.
I approach her, ordering a meat pie and a Red Bull.
“My name’s Jayden. What’s yours?” I ask her as she gives me the things I have ordered.
 “Kayla.”
“So, Kayla, when do you get off for lunch?”
“I just got back from my lunch break.”
“When do you finish work?”
 “Five.”
“Do you want to go out with me and get a drink later?”
Kayla smiles shyly. At the back of my mind I kept saying ‘Please say yes’ over and over again. “Thanks, Jayden. It’s a nice offer but no thanks.”
I look at her wondering why she doesn’t want to go out with me. Great, she probably has a boyfriend. I’m going to have to find a way to make her go out with me. I couldn’t care less if she was going out with someone. I want her. I will deal with him, the same way I deal with Nicole, but I will not hold back. Then she will want me, and besides she is way sexier than Nicole.
“Do you have a boyfriend?” I ask her.
“No, I’m just not interested in going out with you. I mean, don’t get me wrong. You seem like a nice guy, but I just don’t want to go out with you.”
If Kayla was Nicole, I would have beaten her until she agreed to go out with me. But she wasn’t Nicole and I was going to try and get her to go out with me no matter what it takes.
“Oh, come on. One drink can’t hurt.”
Kayla excuses herself as a young girl about ten approaches the kiosk. Kayla serves her. I open up my can of Red Bull, taking a sip of it as I watch her. My eyes scan her body from her head to her waist. I undress her with my eyes. Damn, she is so sexy. She is sexier than Nicole. I wonder what she would look like naked.
When she finishes serving the young girl, she turns back to me. “Okay, fine. I will go out for one drink with you.”
I smile. “Great. So I guess I will meet you back here at five?”
She returns the smile. She has one beautiful sexy smile. “I will be waiting here for you.”
I allow Kayla get back to work, and walk off to sit at a table to eat my lunch. I continue to watch her from where I’m sitting. She glance at me a couple of times, smiling at me. As I stare at her, I can’t help wonder where Nicole is. Hopefully, she will be nearby later to watch me be with Kayla. I love seeing Nicole’s heart break to pieces. I know she wouldn’t care if I did date someone else, but at the same time I know she still feels hurt whenever I’m around someone, giving them the affection I never give her.
I stay by the pier all afternoon, just sitting there watching Kayla. As soon as she closes up the shop at five, we make a beeline together towards town where I thought I would take her to a café.






















Chapter 6
~ Sean ~

“So did you enjoy yourself this afternoon?” I ask Nicole as we walk out of Giovanni’s Gelatos with our gelatos in a cup, walking down the main street of Canary Bay. We both have two flavours – Nicole has chocolate and rockmelon, while I have cookie dough and choc mint. Giovanni’s Gelatos has one of the best gelatos in town, maybe even in Australia, maybe even the world. The way this weather is, I could eat a whole tub of ice cream.
After practising all afternoon, I thought it would be nice if Nicole and I could spend some time together – alone without my friends around. We walk over to Giovanni’s Gelatos, my favourite place in the world. The day is hot and I figured ice cream would do us both good.
“Yeah, I really did enjoy myself,” Nicole replies, a smile appears on her face. “Since I learnt yesterday that Jayden is staying here on vacation with my dad and me, I just wasn’t enjoying myself. When I’m at home with our parents I have to fake it that I’m having a good time.”
“You aren’t faking your enjoyment now are you?”
“No. This enjoyment is all real.”
“That’s good.” I scoop some ice cream onto my spoon and put it in my mouth. “Nicole, can I ask you something? Why do you and Jayden pretend you’re still together? Why can’t you just come clean and tell your parents you aren’t going out any more?”
Nicole goes quiet. I suddenly feel bad for butting into her business. I mean, it wasn't really my concern what she did with her life or why she was still with Jayden. I just hope I don’t blow it by asking Nicole all of these questions about her private life. I’m such an idiot for asking her all of this stuff. What is she going to think of me now? 
“I should just tell someone,” she mumbles, “but most of the time I’m afraid to speak up.”
“Why is that?”
“There is a reason,” she begins. I can see tears in her eyes. She doesn’t want to tell me. I try not to push her. I can see she is dying to let it out, but fear is holding her back. I take her hand and then everything spills out, like a train speeding a hundred miles an hour. I grip her hand. Her boyfriend, scratch that fiancé, beats her. He doesn’t deserve that title. I want to take her and hold her in my arms, take care of her, make her feel safe. I nod as I listen to her explain he has threatened her if she tells anyone. I want to find him, and hurt him too. I’m not a fighter, but I would defend her with all my heart.
I don’t understand why Jayden would want to hurt Nicole. Why would anyone want to hit her or any women? Doesn’t he realise it’s against the law to abuse women?
“Is your dad or his parents aware of what he does to you?”
She shakes her head. “No, they don’t. I get bruises sometimes. I have to come up with some kind of lie to cover it up so I don’t get Jayden into trouble. At times I do want to tell on him, but I’m just afraid of what would happen if I did.”
 “It would really suck if you two do get married. I don’t even want to imagine what he would do to you.”
Nicole suddenly stops and stares at something ahead of us. I ask her what is wrong, but she doesn’t answer me. I follow her gaze as she quickly ducks into the bookstore beside her. I don’t need to ask her why she is hiding, because I somehow have the feeling she is running from this guy who is coming towards us. He has dark brown hair and with him is a black headed girl. He must be Jayden. Hey, wait a second… Is that Kayla with him? What on earth is she doing with him?
Kayla spots me and smiles. “Hey, Sean.”
I wave to her. I try to act cool and not let my emotions get the better of me. I knew I could not react or she would pay later. But seeing Jayden with my cousin just makes me want to punch the hell out of him, especially for what he has done to Nicole. I don’t want him doing the same thing to Kayla. And if he even thinks of laying a finger on either of them, he is going to have to go through me.
 “Oh Sean, I would like you to meet Jayden,” Kayla introduces me. “Jayden, this is my cousin Sean.”
 “Please to meet you,” I say, shaking his hand, even though I don’t see what is so pleasing about meeting him. I want the dude to drop dead and suffer in hell for hurting Nicole.
 “Yeah,” he replies. He doesn’t seem too happy about meeting me. I just hope he doesn’t see me with Nicole.
“Sean, where were you this afternoon?” Kayla asks me. “I thought you would be out on the beach for a run with Sam.”
“I’m still going.” I knew I had to lie. I couldn’t let Jayden know I had been hanging out with his fiancée for most of the afternoon. I didn’t even want to know what he would do to her. “I just came down here to get a gelato. I’m heading home to get Sam.”
“Okay. I will see you tomorrow then.”
 I watch as Kayla walks off with that jerk. I so want to punch his face in. He better not try to do anything to Kayla.
I walk into the bookstore once I can no longer see Kayla and Jayden. I search the aisles for Nicole. I find her sitting in a corner of the young adult section.
She looks up at me. “Is he gone?”
“Yeah, he is,” I reply as I sit down beside her. “He was with my cousin.”
“He is always with someone besides me. He finds every way he can to hurt me. I don’t know why he treats me with disrespect, but he treats other girls like they’re the Queen. I don’t understand why he is doing this to me. I don't even know what I have ever done to him.”
Hearing Nicole say those things about him made me want to run after him and Kayla, and just bash Jayden until he could no longer stand. I want him to feel the pain he has caused Nicole. What kind of guy would want to do that to a woman?
“Hann er skíthæll.”
Nicole looks at me with a puzzled expression. I realise I have just spoken Icelandic to her, forgetting that she doesn’t understand the language. “What?”
“Sorry,” I quickly tell her. “I said: he is a jerk.”
Nicole nods. “Yeah, he is. Sean, can you please try and speak English, not Icelandic?”
“I will try. Sorry. It just slipped out. Like I told you last night, I sometimes forget that I’m no longer living in Iceland.”
“I understand. Sometimes I wish I could just be treated nicely by Jayden, but I don’t think that’s ever going to happen. He just doesn’t care about me.”
I stare at her, trying to think up a way to cheer her up. I want to lean over and kiss her, hoping that it would cheer her up and keep her mind off Jayden, but I don’t. I wasn’t sure if she was ready for some stranger she has just met to hit on her, especially when she has the most horrible boyfriend in the world. She may not even trust other guys.
“Listen, why don’t we head back to the beach?” I suggested. “I gotta take Sam for a walk. You can join us if you like.”
Nicole likes the idea and we walk back to my house. I fetch Sam and we walk along the beach, taking off our shoes and enjoying the warm sand beneath our feet. Sam runs ahead of us. Since it is the late afternoon, the beach isn’t so crowded. Nicole and I dip our feet in the ocean. The water is cool and all I want is to go swimming, but I don’t. Instead I playfully splash water at Nicole. She squeals with happiness. It was nice to see her happy after what happened earlier. She has the most amazing and beautiful smile ever.
We sat down on the sand, watching the waves crash onto the shore, as well as watching Sam as she chases seagulls up and down the beach, diving in and out of the waves. It would be nice if there was a sunset at this very moment. It would feel so romantic just being Nicole and me. Maybe we can stay here until the sun goes down in the next hour.
I look down at her silver anklet around her right foot. A heart charm is attached to it with something written on the heart. I strain my eyes to try and read it, but I can’t see the words. 
“What does it say on your anklet?” I ask her.
 “It says ‘forever’.”
“Did Jayden give it to you?” I immediately thought when she said the word ‘forever’. If he did, I wonder why he even bothered to give it to her in the first place. Nicole deserves to have something from a boyfriend who treats her with respect, not from one who abuses her for no reason at all.
Nicole shakes her head. “No, my dad gave it to me. It… It belonged to my mother.”
I don’t say anything, but somehow I have the feeling she is going to tell me her mother is dead.
“My mother died while having complications during childbirth.”
Her words almost left me speechless. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what to say.”
“You don’t have to say anything.”
“It must be horrible to share your birthday with your mother’s death.”
“Yeah, it is. It was hard for my dad at first.” She looks down at her watch and then back up at me. “Listen Sean, I’m going to go. I am probably having dinner soon.”
I feel a rush of disappointment run through me knowing I can’t spend a little more time with Nicole. “I should head back too.” I stand up from the sand, helping Nicole up. “My mum wouldn’t be too happy if I was late.”
“I had a really great time today. I hope we can do something together tomorrow.” She flashes her beautiful smile at me, making my heart melt, just like every other time I'd seen it.
I return the smile. “Yeah, that would be great. I will let you know what I’m doing tomorrow. What’s your number? I will call you.”
“Actually, I prefer if you don’t call me. I don’t want Jayden or anyone else to know I’m seeing someone. Do you have Facebook? Maybe we could chat on there.”
“That sounds good.”
We tell each other our usernames before saying goodbye to each other. I watch her leave, smiling to myself. I call Sam and we head back home for dinner. I stuff the food into my mouth, swallowing it quickly so I can get away from the table. It was Rachel’s turn to do the dishes so I was glad for that. I hid myself in my room and logged onto my computer.





























Chapter 7
~ Nicole ~

Jayden isn’t home when I return, which is great. His parents ask me where he is. I want to tell them he is out with another girl. A war would start if I tell the truth. I lie, telling them he is with Matt. I can’t say whether or not he is really with Sean’s cousin at this very moment, but most likely he is. Later he will come home and brag how Kayla is better than me. I feel guilty for not telling our parents where Jayden really is.
He still hasn’t returned home by dinner time. I’m glad he isn’t here. I don’t feel comfortable with him sitting too close to me during meals, touching me inappropriately underneath the table. At least tonight I don’t have to worry about any of that. After dinner, I disappear to my room, closing the door and hoping no one will walk in. I sit down at my desk, logging onto my laptop and sign into Facebook. Sean has wasted no time trying to find me. I accept his friend request. As soon as I do, a message pops up in chat.

Sean: Hey.

Me: Hey.

Sean: Jayden isn’t around?

Me: I wouldn’t be talking to you if he was.

Sean: Yeah, I guess you wouldn’t. Has he returned home at all yet?

Me: No, he hasn’t.

Sean: Moron. I bet he's still with Kayla… Hey, I was wondering whether or not...if you...Have you ever been surfing before?

Me: No, I haven’t. I have always wanted to try though.

Sean: Well, how would you feel if I take you surfing tomorrow? I can teach you to surf.

Me: :) That sounds great, but I don’t own a surf board.

Sean: That’s okay. You can use one of my sisters’ boards. I’m sure neither of them would mind if you borrowed it.

Me: Thanks, Sean. How often do you go surfing?

Sean: To tell you the truth I haven’t done it in a while and I thought we could do it together, but that’s only if you don’t need to do anything tomorrow.

Me: Well, if Jayden’s mother doesn’t make us organise our wedding, I’m sure I can join you. :)

Sean: Great. ;) I can’t wait. Do you think you can sneak out with me without Jayden knowing? What would he do if he found out you were seeing me?

Me: I don’t know… It’s something I don’t want to think about. He would probably hit me to make sure I never see you again.

Sean: He has no right to do that.

Me: I know.

Sean: So, tell me something about yourself. I realised I've mainly told you things about myself. I don’t know much about you, except for the horrible stuff Jayden does and that your mother had died.

Me: What would you like to know?

Sean: Anything really. What would you like to become someday? 

Me: I want to be a teacher, studying travel and tourism and maybe a language. I have studied German in school so maybe I could teach that.

Sean: Sounds great :) Do you travel a lot?

Me: Not really. I mainly travel between Sydney and Canary Bay. My dad owns a beach house up here and we come here during the summer.

Sean: If you were able to travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?

Me: I would love to go to Europe someday. Germany is one place I would like to visit. I don’t really care where I go, just as long as I’m far away from Jayden.

Sean: And you will be able to get as far away as you can from him. I’m sure of it, Nicole :) You deserve someone so much better than him.

Me: I know :) Sometimes I wish Jayden could be as nice as you are to me right now. He used to until he got involve with drugs.

I’m waiting for Sean to finish typing a response when the door to my room opens. Without logging off the internet, I close the laptop. I don’t want whoever it is to see me chatting to Sean. I quickly grab a book beside the computer and pretend to read it, opening it to a random page.
I turn to see who has walked into the room. My heart races as I realise it is Jayden. He doesn’t say anything to me. He just walks in, takes off his shirt and drops it on the floor. He completely ignores me like I’m not even in the room, lying down on my bed and closes his eyes.
“Hi, Jayden,” I greet him.
“Shut up, bitch,” Jayden replies without opening his eyes. “I’m trying to sleep.”
I shut my mouth, afraid to say another word. I watch him for a few minutes to make sure he isn’t going to wake up. When I’m sure he is fast asleep, I turn back to my computer, continuing my conservation with Sean.

Chapter 8
~ Jayden ~

I lie in Nicole’s bed, pretending to be asleep as I listen to her type softly and slowly on the keyboard. She is probably typing like that so she doesn’t wake me up. I wonder what she was typing. I was sure she was reading a book when I came in. The moment I walked in I knew she was up to something. I will just have to take a look when she leaves the computer to see what she is up to. She can’t hide anything from me. I will find out. I always do.
I open my eyes a couple of times to see what she is doing. She has no clue I’m awake.
“Nicole, can you come here for a second please!” I hear Mr Fletcher call from outside. This is my chance. If she doesn’t log off, I can see what she is doing.
I close my eyes and listen as Nicole’s chair creaks as she stands up, her bare feet walking across the carpet until she opens the door. As soon as I’m sure she is gone, I get up and sit at her desk. She is logged onto her Facebook profile, chatting with some guy called Sean Livingston. I stare at the picture of Sean. He is posing with his guitar and I recognise him as Kayla’s cousin. What did that jerk want with Nicole?
I read their conservation. Sean is asking her to go surfing with him tomorrow. Over my dead body she is. And if she does go surfing, I hope she gets slaughtered by a shark. Nicole tells him what she wants to be someday. There is no way I'm allowing her to become a teacher. Her job is to stay at home, doing all of the cleaning and cooking for me. 
And then she wrote she wants to travel to Europe, travel to any place to get away from me. Yeah, right. There is no way I am letting her travel anywhere. She will be with me where I can keep a close eye on her. I will make sure of it. 
He wants to know what Nicole’s hobbies are and asks her to tell him something about her. Nicole’s reply is she likes to read. Escaping the real world when she is upset, and pretends she is one of the characters in her books. Oh boo-who. I have some news for you my sweet Nicole. You can’t escape reality just because you’re upset with me. 
Nicole went on to say she wanted to have a dolphin for a pet. How lame. Sean asks her whether or not she has ever seen a dolphin up close. She replies no, so he suggests someday he will take her down to one of the coves nearby where dolphins usually swam. Yeah, well I will make sure Sean won’t EVER take Nicole with him to the cove.
I clench my fist together. Nicole is so going to pay for this. I will make sure she never sees daylight again for seeing another guy behind my back, especially if he is making her happy. I don’t want to see her happy.
I climb back into bed. Nicole returns, continuing to type. I can’t help wondering what else she is talking to Sean about. 
I don’t tell Nicole I know her secret. When we get the chance to be alone, I’m going to tell her exactly what I think about her seeing Sean. I will let her have fun, but in the end she is going to wish she had never met him.

*         *        *         *         *

Nicole leaves the house shortly after breakfast the next day. I know where she is going and I don’t like it. I leave too, just to make our parents think we are going to do something together. I look for her, but I can’t see her. It’s only nine o’clock and the beach is already packed with people, so I decide not to worry too much about it, heading over to the pier. I meet up with Matt and hope to see Kayla. Hopefully Nicole sees me with her.
I spot Matt sitting at a table near the kiosk. He spots me and waves me over. I sat down in front of him.
“Hey, I’m glad you’re here,” Matt tells me. “I want to show you something.” He looks around to make sure no one was watching us. Then he takes a small plastic sealed bag from the pocket of his jeans. It has some white powder inside.
I smile at him.
“I was thinking that maybe later you and I can take some of this.” Matt puts the bag back into his pocket. “Come to my place tonight.”
“I will be there. It’s better than being at home with Nicole.”
I look over at the kiosk to see Kayla serving a customer. Matt follows my gaze.
“Is that Kayla? The chick you were telling me about?” Matt asks me.
“Yes, that’s her. She is hot, isn’t she?”
“Sure is.” He turns back to me. “Are you going to screw her?”
“Yes, I am.”
“What about Nicole? Are you going to screw her, too? You have been talking about doing it for some time now.”
I turn to face Matt, grinning. “Yes, I am. I will do it as soon as we get the beach house to ourselves. I know she is going to refuse, but I will make sure she doesn’t.”
“Listen, I’m going to head off. I will meet you at my place later tonight, okay?”
I agree to meet him there. He leaves me and I head over to see Kayla.
 “Hey, gorgeous.” I give her a flirty smile.
She returns the smile. “Hi.”
“Working hard?”
“I guess so.”
“Can I ask you something? How come every time I come down here you’re on your own? Don’t you have someone to help you run this place?”
“My parents own and run this place. Dad had an accident and broke his leg. So in the meantime mum is running around looking after him, doing things for my younger brother, as well as helping me with the kiosk. My Mum has to take my brother to soccer practice. She will be coming soon to help me. We could hire someone to help me out, but my mother doesn’t want to go through all the trouble of looking for someone. In two weeks my dad might be back at work.”
Kayla grabs a cloth and spray bottle from underneath the counter. She squirts detergent and then wipes it. 
“Maybe I could help you out for a little while until your mother comes.” Well, actually I have some better ideas on what we could do before your mother shows up.
Kayla smiles. “Thanks. That sounds so great, Jayden. You’re such a sweet guy.”
I hop over the counter. I don’t really care about helping her. I just want to be alone with her, and to try to get into her pants before her mother comes back. I stand at the counter, waiting for someone to come. This is such a lousy job.
 “Does it ever get busy here?” I ask Kayla.
 “When it gets close to noon it does, because everyone comes here for lunch. And if it is ever an extremely hot day, everyone is here.”
I stare at Kayla, looking her up and down. Dirty thoughts ran through my head as I think about what I could do to her while I’m alone with her. I put my hand over hers and pull her closer to me, leaning down to kiss her. She stares at me when we pulled away, smiling before placing her lips over mine. I smile against her lips. Wherever Nicole is right now, I hope she sees me kissing Kayla. She even kisses better than Nicole.
I grab her hand and lead her to the store room. Being careful not to knock any of the boxes over, I push Kayla against the wall, capturing her mouth with mine. She wraps her arms around my neck. I rest my hands on her hips, slipping one of them under her shirt to see how she would react, running it up her side. When she doesn’t do anything to stop me, I go to remove her shirt.
She pushes me off her just as I’m about to pull her shirt over her head. “Stop, Jayden. We just met and I’m not ready to be taking this huge step with you.”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” I say, feeling disappointed that I can’t get what I want. She reminds me of when I first started dating Nicole. She wasn’t interested in sleeping with me then and she still isn't interested now.
“Kayla, are you here?” I hear a male’s voice say.
Kayla walks away from me, and heads back to the counter. “Oh, hi Sean.”
Sean… Kayla’s lousy cousin who is trying to hit on Nicole. I stand there listening to them, not wanting Sean to know I am here. He orders two bottles of water.
I clench my fist together when I hear his order. The bitch is with him. He doesn’t say it, but I knew she is. I can hear the happiness in his voice. 
“Sure.” Kayla opens the fridge, closing it once she takes out what she needs. “How’s the water?”
“It’s great! I’m just teaching my friend to surf.”
“Cool. How are they doing?”
“She is doing great. She had a few stumbles, but I think she is picking it up fast.”
“That’s good. So who is she, if it’s okay to ask?”
It’s my fiancée! I want to say, even though I don’t care, not really. Besides I didn’t want Kayla thinking I was using her to get back at Nicole.
 “Her name is Nicole. She is on vacation here with her family and I offered to teach her to surf.”
 “That’s nice of you.”
“Yeah. Listen, I need to talk to you about something, Kayla. It’s about Jayden.”
 “What about Jayden?”
Jerk. He is going to tell Kayla about what kind of person he thinks I am. I worry what Nicole has said, and she will pay for that.
I emerge from the back and join the cousins before Sean can blab to Kayla about me. “Yes, what about me?”
Sean turns to face me. Fear fills his face, like he is afraid of what I might do to him if he tells Kayla anything about me. “I, uh, I just want to say that Jayden seems like a nice guy and I’m happy for you two.”
Kayla smiles at her cousin. “Thanks, Sean. I’m happy for you too. You've found someone, even after what happened with Jennifer.”
“Yeah, well, I will see you later.” Sean takes the bottles and walks away.
“Who’s Jennifer?” I ask Kayla, once Sean was out of ear shot.
“Oh, she is just a friend of Sean. She was one of his first crushes when we were twelve. He never had the nerve to ask her out. His parents then moved him and his sisters to Iceland for five years. When he and his family returned home last year, he had lost his chance of asking her out to one of his best friends.”
Yeah, he doesn’t have the nerve to ask Jennifer out, but he does have the nerve to ask Nicole out, I thought to myself. Sean is so going to pay for this. He is going to wish he never went anywhere near Nicole. I’m going to make sure Nicole pays for it too. She is going to wish she never met Sean.





















Chapter 9
~ Sean ~

“So, how did I do?” Nicole asks me later that day as we walk out of the water with our surfboards, heading back to my place.
We decide to call it a day as there is a storm approaching. A lot of people are leaving and we decided it was best for us to leave too. We didn’t want to be caught in it.
“You did well for a beginner,” I tell her. “You should have seen me when I first learnt to surf. I was horrible. I had trouble trying to keep my balance.”
She laughs, which makes my heart jump for joy just from hearing the sound of her voice. “Well, anyway, thanks for today. I really enjoyed myself.” Nicole flashes me a smile.
“Þú ert velkomin,” I smile back, not even realising I have spoken in Icelandic again.
“Sean! You did it again.”
“Sorry. I said: you’re welcome.”
We walk up the back steps of my home, just as my mother walks out, carrying a book in her hand.
“Oh good, you’re back, Sean,” she replies. “Before the storm hits, can you quickly run this over to Kayla? Aunt Lorraine asked if she could borrow this.”
Nicole and I put our surfboards down, resting them on the railing of the veranda. I take the book from Mum, which is one of her recipe books. Aunt Lorraine, my mother’s sister, is such a terrible cook and is always borrowing recipe books from Mum. Mum had bought her some recipe books, but she never used them. 
I tell Mum I will be back soon. Together, Nicole and I head over to the pier. The thunder is getting louder and the clouds are darker. I know the storm would hit soon. I just hope the rain would wait until Nicole and I got back to my place, but I doubted it.
“You’re back,” Kayla says when we reached the kiosk.
“Yeah, Mum sent me over here,” I tell her, handing the book to her. “She just wanted me to give this to you. Your mother asked for it.”
Kayla takes the book. “Thanks. I will give it to her.”
I introduce Nicole to my cousin before we head back. The girls greeted each other, chatting for a bit. Kayla then tells us to go before it starts raining. It came down just as we set foot on the sand. We ran for cover, under the pier, and stand there, watching and listening as the rain came down. Lightning flashes across the sky, follow by thunder cracking loudly in the distance. From the look of it, we might be under here for a while. We could make a run for it back to my place, but by then we would be completely soaked. It probably didn’t matter since we are already wet after going surfing, but still we didn’t want to be even more drenched than what we already were.
 “How long do you think we will be hiding underneath here for?” Nicole asks, pushing her wet hair away from her face.
“I don’t know,” I tell her. “It all depends when the storm will slow down.”
She smiles. Seeing the smile makes me want to lean over and kiss her. Maybe I should. I was sure she wouldn’t mind if I did kiss her. She needed to know I cared about her unlike that selfish jerk, Jayden.
I feel a little nervous as I stare into her bright blue eyes. I can see she is a little nervous too. “But even if it doesn’t slow down,” I say, taking a step forward, “at least I can spend a little more extra time with you before we have to head home.”
I touch her cheek with my hand, before leaning forward and place a kiss on her lips. When we pull apart, we just stare at each other. Everything between us seems perfect as we stand there with the rain patting down, the ocean crashing onto the shore and the thunder cracking overhead. Okay, maybe not so much of the thunder, but still everything seems perfect. It feels like we are in one of those romance movies where they kiss in the rain.
I lean forward to kiss her again, kissing her passionately this time, closing my eyes. Nicole places her hand at the back of my neck. A tingling sensation runs through my body from where Nicole’s hand touches me. I rest my hands on her waist, feeling her bare skin against my own, where she was wearing a yellow bikini.
We pull apart, standing there as we stare at each other, breathlessly.
“Wow,” I hear myself say.
Nicole doesn’t say anything, except smile. “The rain has slowed down,” she whispers. 
“Yeah,” I whisper back. 
We head back home, hand in hand. We stand outside of her home. I don’t want her to go, but I know she has to. I kiss her one last time before she quickly runs inside to get out of the rain.
I take my time walking back to my place. I don’t care if I’m soaked to the skin. All I care about is the smile I cannot seem to remove from my lips. I have kissed Nicole.
I walk up the back steps of my home, ignoring Sam when she races over to greet me. I ignore my mother who is in the kitchen preparing dinner, not bothering to let her know I had returned after delivering the book to Kayla. Forgetting I’m soaking wet, I sit down on the couch. Rachel is curled up on the couch with a book. It was unlike her not to be attached to her phone talking to her boyfriend. She stares at me. The television was on, but no one is watching it.
 “What’s the matter with you?” Rachel asks me.
“Nothing,” I reply. “Everything is just perfect.”
“Sean, I didn’t hear you come in,” I hear Mum say from the kitchen. “Did you and Nicole make it out of the rain okay?”
“We got caught in it, but it didn’t really matter.” I could still feel Nicole’s lips on mine and I kept replaying the kiss over in my mind.
























Chapter 10
~ Nicole ~

I can still feel Sean’s lips on mine as I walk through the front door of the beach house. I replay the kiss in my mind. It’s one of the best kisses I have ever received. It felt meaningful. The ones I have shared with Jayden weren’t meaningful. They were full of lies. His kisses make me felt like we aren’t meant to be together, but when I kissed Sean it was like we were supposed to be together.
Dad is in the kitchen preparing dinner. He saw the smile on my face and says, “Hey, what are you so happy about?”
I want to tell Dad about Sean. I want to tell him how he makes me feel so much happier than Jayden does. But something tells me I should keep Sean a secret for a while. I’m sure Dad won’t mind, but what if Jayden found out?
“Oh nothing,” I reply. “I’m just feeling happy.”
“That’s good to hear. By the way, did you get caught in the storm?”
“Yeah, I did, and it was totally worth getting caught in it.”
Dad didn’t ask questions. He just smiles and replies “Okay” and went back to chopping carrots. I left Dad and walk to my room. 
My smile fades the minute I step into my room, finding Jayden sitting on my bed, staring at me. He doesn’t look happy. My first thought is that he knows about Sean. I’m afraid to open my mouth to say anything so I don’t. I start to feel uncomfortable when his expression changes to a smirk, and I realise he is only giving me that look because of what I am wearing. I close the door and walk over to my chest of drawers, pulling out a pair of denim shorts and a plain purple shirt. I have to get out of this bikini so he will stop looking at me like that. I hope.
Jayden walks up behind me, wrapping his arms around my waist, kissing my neck. I don’t feel comfortable having his arms around me. It just doesn’t feel right. He removes his arms and I felt him tugging at the strings of my bikini. I panic on the inside, afraid of what he might do, especially when my dad is just in the other room and could walk in here any minute.
I push his hands away before he has the chance to untie the strings. “Jayden, please don’t.”
He doesn’t listen and unties the strings. My bikini top drops to the floor. Jayden turns me around so he can get a glance of me topless. I cover my chest with my arms, feeling uncomfortable with the grin Jayden gives me. He reaches out to touch me, but I quickly step backwards before he has the chance to lay his hand on me.
“If you touch me, I swear I will tell my dad,” I warn him.
He frowns at me. “You won’t tell him anything, you bitch.”
I thought he was going to hit me. Instead he pushes me to the floor and walks out of the room, closing the door behind him. I sit there for a few seconds before getting up and locking the door so I can get dressed.
Later after dinner Jayden tells our parents he is taking me out. He said he is going to take me to the movies, but I doubt that's what he is really going to do. The last time he took me to the cinema was when we were fourteen. Once we turned fifteen he stopped taking me anywhere. There was no more doing what I wanted to do. Everything was about him.
Jayden took me to Matt’s place. I don’t know why. I didn’t want to go there. I hate Matt so much for what he has turned Jayden into. The house was just four blocks away from where we were staying. He wasn’t looking after the place. Rubbish was scattered all over the room. I sit on the couch, looking around the room while the guys sat at a table, sniffing the cocaine Matt has provided. How can they even take that stuff?
Matt glances up after sniffing the drug, and looks over at me. “Hey, Nicole, would you like to try some of this?”
I shake my head. “No, thank you.”
Jayden turns to me, narrowing his eyes. I figure he is probably mad at me for not taking Matt’s offer, and scared he will make me sniff the drug, like he did the other day when he made me take a puff of his cigarette.
Fear rushes over me as he stands in front of me, my heart pumping fast in my chest. He grabs a hold of my wrist, pulling me off the couch and slaps me hard across the face. My face turns numb instantly, burning as if it is on fire.
“You little slut,” he barks.
I stare at him, not sure why he is calling me that.
“I saw you with that moron,” he continues. For a second, I wasn’t sure what he was talking about, and then I realise he was talking about Sean. 
Oh no. He must have seen me kiss Sean.
“Jayden, I’m sorry,” I say, hoping he would just forget what I did, but I know it wasn’t going to happen. He is going to make sure I am punished for being with Sean. “I didn’t know Sean was going to kiss me.”
Without warning, Jayden punches me in the mouth. I fall backwards onto the couch. He grabs me, pushing me to the ground. I slam my hip on the edge of the coffee table before landing on my back. I clutch a hand to my hip, rubbing the side and hoping the pain would subside quicker.
Before I get the chance to move, Jayden kicks me hard in the stomach.

*         *           *          *         *

I escaped Matt’s house, tears falling down my face. I couldn’t really run, but I have to. Or Jayden will catch me. Pain sears every part of my body. I can’t even breathe properly. I’m surprised I’m able to run after the way Jayden has hurt me. Matt just sat there, watching him bash me. It shouldn’t surprise me.
I was terrified to walk through the door of the beach house. I knew I will be asked a million questions by our parents. They will want to know who had beaten me up. What would they say if I told them Jayden had done it? What would Jayden say if he knew I had told on him?
Before I walk inside, I try to come up with an excuse to explain what has happened, but I can't think of anything they would believe. 
The television is on and I know they are up. I slowly open the front door, and try to see where our parents are. I can see Dad sitting on the couch, snoring softly. I look around for the Masons but I can’t see them anywhere. Maybe they are out.
Quietly, I sneak across the lounge room without waking up Dad and slip into the bathroom, locking it. I walk over to the mirror, afraid to look in it. My right eye is swollen with a dark purple bruise surrounding it. It’s horrifying just looking at my reflection in the mirror. What does the rest of my body look like? I turn away. I couldn’t look at myself. I am hideous.
I sit down on the tile floor, resting my back against the cabinet under the sink. I push my knees up to my chest, hugging my legs as I cry again, letting out the pain. I try not to cry too loud because I don’t want Dad to hear me. He will want to know who has done this to me. I want to tell him, but what would Jayden do to me if he knew I had told on him?
Feeling a little better, I sneak back out of the bathroom. Dad is still asleep. I hurry to my room before he wakes up. With every part of my body hurting, I slowly undress myself and pull on my pyjamas, avoiding the mirror so I don’t see the bruises on my body. I was going to lie in my bed, but then I thought I better not. If Jayden came home, he would drag me out again. So to avoid being beaten again, I lay down in his sleeping bag. I can’t lie on my right side where Jayden has kicked me in the ribs. This huge purple bruise has formed there.
I find it difficult to sleep, thinking over and over again what Jayden has done to me. I couldn’t close my eyes for even a second, because every time I closed them, I see Jayden hitting me.
Then I think about Sean and the kiss we shared earlier. I should feel happy thinking about him, but I wasn’t. As much as I enjoyed every moment being with Sean, I’m afraid that I might have to say goodbye to him, just so I can avoid getting beaten by Jayden.

      *        *         *         *       *

When morning came, I woke up before anyone else. Jayden is fast asleep under the covers of my bed. I didn’t even hear him come home last night. I grab some clean clothes and underwear, hiding myself in the bathroom. I decide to take a quick shower to freshen up, being careful over my bruised body. Once dressed, I stare at myself in the mirror, thinking of a way to disguise my black eye. I dab foundation over it, but the make-up isn’t really doing its job. You can still see the bruise. There is no way I’m going to be able to get out of this house without Dad or the Masons seeing my eye. They’d fire never ending questions at me.
I walk out of the bathroom, breathing in the smell of pancakes as the scent fills the house. I hold my breath, my heart races as I see them look at me, their smiling faces change in an instant when they see me. Mrs Mason remains at the stove, flipping pancakes, as I walk over to them.
Mr Mason puts his cup of coffee down on the counter. “Oh my goodness, Nicole! What happened to you?”
Mrs Mason gasps. She puts down the egg flipper and runs over to me. “Nicole! Are you okay?”
A thousand excuses ran through my mind. I try to come up with the best one, hoping they would buy it.
“What’s wrong with Nicole?” I hear Dad say.
I’m afraid to look at him. He is so going to freak. “It’s nothing, Dad.”
Dad doesn’t believe me. “Tell me what’s wrong, Nicole.”
I turn to face him. As soon as I did, he freaks, and the questions start. 
Mrs Mason turns away to take the pancakes out of the pan before burning them.
“I got up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and ran into the door,” I reply, praying silently to myself that they would buy the excuse.
Dad takes a step forward and touches the side of my face, having a closer look at the bruise. “It looks like someone punched you, Nicole.”
I panic. I’m afraid I would have to tell them the truth. Half of me just wanted to blurt it out and say it was Jayden, but then he will kill me for saying anything to our parents.
“Dad, seriously,” I tell him. “I ran into the door.”
Dad stares back at me. I know he doesn’t quite believe me. Maybe I should tell him. But I can’t tell him with Jayden’s parents around. Maybe I can tell him when I get the chance to be alone with him.
“You must have smacked into the door real hard for that bruise to come out like that,” Mr Mason states.
Mrs Mason turns from the stove. “Nicole, darling, are you sure you’re alright?”
“Yes, Mrs Mason. I mean, Lillian.”
“Did you put ice on that?”
I didn’t. I was afraid to get some to put on my eye last night just in case I woke up Dad. He would have asked me questions that I didn’t feel like answering.
“Yes, I did,” I lie.
They stop asking questions and we sit down to eat while Jayden continues to sleep. I wonder what that bastard got up to last night after I left Matt’s. I don’t really eat the pancakes Mrs Mason makes. I’m not hungry. My stomach is turning itself into knots as I think of what I’m going to say to Sean when I tell him I can no longer see him.
After breakfast I walk along the beach for a bit, thinking of what to say. I couldn’t really come up with anything. It’s so hard to come up with a goodbye. Maybe it’s because I don’t want to say goodbye, but it will be best for the both of us if we never see each other again. I want to protect him from Jayden, who I know will do something harmful to him if we continue seeing each other.
I take a pair of sunglasses to cover up my eye as I finally make my way over to Sean’s. I know what he will say if he sees my eye.
I knock on his front door. Sean answers it. As soon as I see him, my stomach turns into knots. My heart rips to pieces. This is going to be hard. I don’t think I can do it. I hate Jayden for making me do this.
A huge smile spreads across his face. “Nicole! Hey, it’s good to see you. Come on in. My friends will be coming over soon.”
I feel a lump form in my throat as I search for the right words to say. Well, there aren’t really any right words at all when you have to figure out how to say goodbye to someone without hurting them, which you would end up doing anyway.
“Thanks, Sean, but I can’t stay.”
“Okay, well, maybe you can come by later and we can do something.”
“I’m sorry, but I can’t. I can’t see you anymore, Sean.”

















Chapter 11
~ Sean ~

Nicole’s words hung in the air. I don’t know what to say. I don’t know what to do. How can she say she can’t see me again? Did I do something wrong? Was it the kiss? Was I moving too fast for her? Wait. Was she still in love with Jayden? Is that why she’s leaving me? Even after everything that jerk has put her through?
“What do you mean you can’t see me again?” I ask, desperate to find out the answers.
“I can’t see you anymore.” She is hiding something. I can hear it in her voice. “Goodbye, Sean.”
Nicole turns and starts walking down the front lawn, taking my heart with her as she rips it out of my chest. She can’t leave me. She just can’t.
I follow her, closing the door behind me. “Nicole, wait. Tell me why you can’t see me anymore! Did I do something wrong? If I did, I’m sorry that I did it.”
“You didn’t do anything wrong. I just feel it’s best we don’t ever see each other again.”
“Nicole, please tell me why I can’t see you.”
She doesn’t answer me. She leaves my property, stepping onto the side walk. I grab her arm, begging her to stop and give me an explanation as to what’s going on. It’s killing me, knowing something was upsetting her enough to make her to just want to walk away, but not knowing what. I know there is no way in the world she wants to say goodbye, not after that kiss we shared. It was way too meaningful to just throw away.
At the touch of my hand, Nicole quickly turns to me, telling me to just let her go. I can’t. Not until I know why she is doing this to me. She suddenly clutches the right side of her stomach from the sudden movement she made, crying out in pain. My heart drops. Something has happened. I reach out, removing her hands from where she is still clutching her side. I lift up her shirt, finding a massive purple bruise on the right side of her stomach, just above her hip. I gasp, knowing this bruise is not from falling. I want to curse, but I don’t like the idea of swearing in front of Nicole.
I remove her sunglasses, placing them on top of her head and stand there in shock when I see her eye.
“Who did this to you?” I ask her, my voice cracking.
“Nobody,” she replies. “I just crashed into the door frame.”
I shake my head, knowing she is lying. “No, Nicole. You didn’t. Someone beat you up, didn’t they?”
Nicole looks down at the ground, unable to meet my eyes. “It was Jayden. He saw us kissing and he…” She didn’t finish the rest of the sentence. Tears flowed down her face.
That bastard! 
I clench my fists together. How dare that jerk touch Nicole the way he did? What gave him the right to do it?
I push past Nicole and start walking towards her place. I’m going to give Jayden a piece of my mind. He is going to wish he never laid a hand on her.
“Sean, where are you going?” Nicole asks as she chases after me.
I blurt out some things in Icelandic. I speak it without knowing when I’m angry.
 “Sean, speak English, please.” She grabs my wrist.
I stop and turn to her. “Sorry. I often speak it when I’m feeling mad.”
“Well, can you please speak English no matter how mad you are? What did you just say?”
“I said I’m going to go smash Jayden’s head in. He has no right to do what he did to you.”
“Sean, no.”
I see the fear in Nicole’s eyes as she pleads me not to do anything to Jayden. Seeing the look in her eyes made me want to hurt him more. I don’t care what kind of trouble I would get myself into by beating him up. I just didn’t want this monster to get away with what he had done.
 “What did your dad say?” I ask her.
Nicole wipes her eyes, which are now red and puffy from all the crying she has done. “I didn’t tell him. I just told him I ran into the door.”
“Nicole, you have to tell him.”
She shakes her head. “No. I can’t tell him. I can’t tell anyone.”
“Nicole, you have to tell someone. If you don’t tell someone, he is going to keep beating you up.”
“I know I have too, but I’m scared, Sean. He threatens to hurt me if I even think about telling someone. I’m not even supposed to tell you. If he finds out I have told you, he is going to beat me up again.”
I rest my hand on her cheek where Jayden has hit her. I feel her pain. She flinches a little when I touch her. “Don’t be afraid. I will be here to protect you, Nicole. I will make sure that he will never lay a finger on you again.”
Nicole tries to smile, giving me a half smile. It fades as she pushes my hand away, turning her head away so she wasn’t looking at me. “Thanks, Sean, but I think we’re better off going our separate ways. It’s the only way.”
She pushes pass me, heading back towards her home. I turn to watch her, not sure whether to let her go or to run after her. If I ran after her, there was a chance Jayden might beat her up again. I couldn’t let that happen to her. This isn’t right. Why should it end like this?
It’s my entire fault that she has been beaten up. If only I didn’t kiss her…
No. None of this is my fault. Jayden is just a monster who doesn’t respect anybody. He doesn’t even respect himself. If this is how he treats Nicole, how will he treat Kayla? Will he beat her up too?
I don’t move. In fact, I couldn’t move at all. I continue to stare at Nicole as she walks further away from me, leaving me stranded here as my heart went with her. Half of me wanted her to turn around, run back to me and say she wasn’t leaving me, while the other half wasn’t sure whether or not I should run after her. Maybe I should. Maybe I shouldn’t. Maybe I was wrong and we were never meant to be. Maybe I was dreaming and I hadn’t met Nicole at all.
“Hey Sean,” I hear Cody say from behind me.
I force myself to turn away from Nicole, who is now out of sight. Walking towards me from the opposite end of my property are Cody and Jennifer, walking hand in hand. Jennifer is carrying her guitar case. Seeing Cody and Jennifer together makes my heart crumble. Why can’t Nicole be like Jennifer where she can be happy all the time, rather than running and hiding from the horrifying nightmares she has been living in for so long?
Why didn’t she meet me first?
I stand there as a lonely tear found its way down my cheek. Cody and Jennifer must have seen the expression on my face and hurried over to me.
“Sean, what happened?” Cody asks.
“It’s my fault,” I reply.
“What’s your fault?” Jennifer asks.
“It’s my fault that Nicole got beaten up.”
Jennifer gasps, putting a hand over her mouth. “Oh my goodness! Is she okay?”
“Wait, what do you mean it’s your fault?” Cody asks. “What did you do and who would want to beat Nicole up?”
“I shouldn’t have kissed her and then she wouldn’t have been beaten up by her fiancé.”
My friends stare at me. They don’t have to say anything. I know what they were thinking. What was I doing with someone who is engaged to get married to someone else?
I explain to them about Jayden, telling them how he treats Nicole. I continue to take the blame on myself? Why did I kiss her? Why did I even start speaking to her in the first place?
“Sean, this isn’t your fault,” Cody tells me. I know he was right, but I just felt better if I blame myself for what happened. “Both you and Nicole didn’t know he was going to go and do what he did to her. No one expected it.”
“Is she okay, Sean?” Jennifer wants to know.
“Já, I think so,” I tell them. “She has a black eye and a bruise on the right side of her stomach. I’m not sure if she has any other bruises.”
Cody and Jennifer wrap me into a hug, saying how sorry they are. I don’t know why they are apologising. They don’t need to. I should be the one to be sorry. I got Nicole into this mess. I should be the one beaten up by him. I’m the one who kissed her.
Cody decides to call band practice off for the day and do something that can help me keep Nicole off my mind, but I doubt anything can help me. Nicole is the only person I can think about right now. I thought about the kiss we shared and the fun we had when we were surfing. How could I just shut those images out of my head?
Taylor arrives a short time later. I sat curled up on the couch, thinking about Nicole while my friends decide on what pizza to order. Cody orders it. I don’t really want pizza or anything to eat. I don’t have the appetite. It’s nice of my friends to offer to do something fun to keep my mind off Nicole, but all I really want was to be alone. It would take away the pain I’m feeling.
I sneak out of the house without my friends knowing, walking out onto the beach. Sam follows me out. I sit down on the sand with Sam in my lap. I stroke her back as I stare out at the horizon, ignoring the people around me who are on the beach. I don’t know how long I had been sitting out here, but the next minute I hear Jennifer’s voice calling me.
“Are you coming back to watch the movie, Sean?” Jennifer asks, sitting down beside me. “The pizza will be here soon.”
“I will come back in soon,” I tell her, scratching Sam behind her ear. “I just want to be alone for a while.”
Jennifer nods. “Okay. I will see you inside.”
She got up to head back indoors, but sat down again when I continue speaking.
“I don’t get it,” I say. “Everything seemed perfect. I really thought that when I met her she would be my girlfriend. I thought that when she ends her vacation here we could maybe have a long distance relationship or something.”
“Have you told her how you feel?”
“I told her I would protect her, not letting Jayden touch her. I could see she wanted to smile, but it’s like she was scared to smile.”
“Does anyone else know about the way Jayden treats her?”
“I don’t think so. She keeps it to herself because Jayden threatens to hurt her if she tells anyone. She only told me. She took a risk to tell me. If Jayden finds out that I know what he does, he is going to beat up Nicole.”
I wasn’t really sure if I should be telling Jennifer anything about what goes on in Nicole’s personal life. It’s not like Jennifer would go around blabbing it to everyone, but I thought Nicole would rather I keep the stuff Jayden did to her between us. Okay, so it would be a bit hard to keep it between us, especially if everyone was to see her black eye. I would rather discuss how I feel about Nicole with Cody and maybe Taylor, but mostly Cody. I tell him everything… Okay, well not everything. I still haven’t told him that I used to have a crush on Jennifer. I was too shy to tell her. I should have told her when I moved to Iceland, but I never did. I feel like an idiot.  Especially when a couple years later I found out she and Cody were dating. I was heartbroken when I returned home to find my best friend with my crush. I never told him my feelings for Jennifer. I didn’t want him to leave her or make him feel uncomfortable about kissing her around me. Besides, they were perfect for each other. I think Jennifer is better off with Cody than with me.
I’m slowly letting my feelings for Jen go. But there were days when I still liked her. I had to force myself not to. Since laying my eyes on Nicole, I haven’t really thought about her. I guess it’s because Nicole is the first girl I have met so far where my feelings for her felt true. I had dated other girls before, but they never really helped me get over Jennifer. Nicole had.
“You truly care about her, don’t you Sean?” Jennifer says.
I nod.
“Then why don’t you go find her? Tell her how you feel. Tell her you still want to be with her.”
“I want to, but… Jayden might beat her up again if I go anywhere near her. I don’t want anything to happen to her.”
“I don’t want that to happen either. At the moment she is just scared, but truthfully she wants to be with you, Sean.”
I look up at her. I knew she is right, but I’m having a hard time convincing myself. “You really think so?”
Jennifer nods. “Yeah, I do. You want to know something. If I was in Nicole’s position and I wasn’t able to see Cody ever again, I would want him to go against my words and come after me anyway. Nicole would want you to come after her, even if she did tell you not to. I think she is trying to find a way to escape from whatever she is going through with Jayden, but she is not quite sure which way to go. She is scared. She wants to be with you, but it’s Jayden who is stopping her.”
Jennifer is right. I have to save Nicole before that monster did something else to her. She needs someone to show her that she is special and can be loved. She didn’t need someone who beats her all the time. That’s not how you treat someone you love.
“You’re right, Jen.” I put Sam down and embrace Jennifer. I plant a kiss on her cheek to say thank you, which is something I wish I didn’t do. I completely lost myself. I don’t know if it’s because I am missing Nicole or if it’s because I have kept my feelings for Jennifer inside me for so long. Butterflies flutter in the pit of my stomach, as I feel confused by my feeling for her, and I’m drawn to her. I kiss her softly on the lips.
She pushes me off her as soon as my lips touch hers. “Sean, what are you doing?”
I feel mortified. I have kissed my best friend’s girlfriend. I quickly apologise before getting up from the sand, and head back to my place. Sam ran at my heels. Jennifer chases after me, wanting to know why I kissed her. She isn’t mad, which I’m glad for. I tell her about my secret crush on her. She is a little surprised to know I had feelings for her for so long. Besides, it didn’t matter anymore because I realised I didn’t like her in the same way anymore. I beg her not to tell Cody what I have done or my previous feelings for her. She promises not to say anything, while I promise never to kiss her again.
We head back inside. I decide to eat something before I head over to Nicole’s place. I have to find a way to sneak over there without Jayden seeing me.




Chapter 12
~ Nicole ~

Sean is on my mind. I feel horrible for walking away from him earlier. I am lost in my thoughts, thinking about the good times I had with him in the last two days. His kiss and the fun times we had made me feel like we have always known each other, even if it wasn’t a lot. He made me feel like I was worth something, unlike the way Jayden treats me. I don’t know if walking away from him was the right thing to do.
I wish I had met Sean before Jayden. My life would have been so much better than it is now.
“So have you two set a date yet?” I hear Jayden’s mother say to us.
Our family sat out on the veranda for lunch. Mrs Mason had put together some sandwiches for us, cutting them up in small triangles. I only ate one sandwich with tomato and cheese in it. I wasn’t hungry. I’m too busy staring out at the beach, watching people enjoying themselves in the hot summer sun. I wish I was down there with them. I really don’t want to be sitting here right now next to Jayden or with his parents.
I turn to face Mrs Mason, not really sure what to say.
“Yes, we have,” Jayden says. “We’re thinking about getting married on the twenty-third of June.”
I look at Jayden. How could he pick a date without consulting with me first? It’s not like I really care, but the date seemed too soon. Everything is too soon. I couldn’t understand what the hurry is for Jayden and me to be married.
“June twenty-third,” Mr Mason repeats the date. “Are you sure that’s the date you want?”
No. I don’t want any date.
“Yes, we’re sure.”
“Yeah,” I say softly. Great, in five months I will be married to this jerk.
“Have you decided where your wedding is going to take place?” Dad asks us, taking a sip of his coffee.
“We haven’t really decided yet,” Jayden says.
Please shut up about the wedding, I want to say. I don’t want to get married. Not to Jayden.
I turn back towards the beach, not really wanting to be a part of the conservation any more. Sean wanders into my mind again. I replay the kiss we shared yesterday afternoon. I can still feel his soft wet lips against mine. I wonder would I feel them again. I want Sean.
 “Nicole, did you hear me?” Mrs Mason asks me, pulling me out of my daydreams.
I turn to face my future mother-in-law. “I’m sorry. What did you say?”
“I said I was thinking that tomorrow I could help you and Jayden plan your wedding. We could go into town and see a wedding planner. Does it sound alright to you?”
No. I force myself to smile. “Sure, that sounds great.”
“Nicole, is something bothering you?” Dad asks me. “You seem quiet.”
Jayden turns to me, shooting me a look, which tells me not to say a word about what he did to me. I quickly came up with an excuse to tell my dad so he won’t worry about me so much.
“I’m fine, Dad,” I tell him. “I just have a stomach ache.”
“Oh. Why don’t you go lie down, sweetie? You might feel better later.”
I agree to do so, even though I don’t really want to. I want to sit out here and enjoy the sun, get lost in my thoughts. I feel safer out here because I knew Jayden couldn’t do anything to me while our parents are around. But then again, if I escape to my room, I wouldn’t have to worry about sitting here with them, especially with his mother who just won’t shut up about the wedding.
I stand up to go inside. Mrs Mason follows me in, asking me if my stomach ache is caused by period pain. Of course it isn’t, but I pretend it is. She hands me some aspirin and leaves me alone. I don’t take it. I just put it back in the medicine cabinet, and walk out of the bathroom. I glance through the windows that looked out onto the veranda. I watch my family out there. Jayden is saying something and everyone laughs. What a poser.
I walk back to my room, closing the door. I was going to lie down on my bed, but I decide to go on my laptop instead, logging onto Facebook. There is a message in my inbox. I click on it. My stomach does a somersault when I see it’s a message from Sean. I hesitate about answering it, afraid Jayden might walk in. I click on the message. Maybe Sean’s words will make me feel better.

Nicole, I know you might not want to talk to me, but I do. I know you’re scared. Don’t be. I promise I won’t allow Jayden to touch you. We can work it out and find a way without him knowing. Please meet me at the pier at 7:30 tonight.

I smile. I still wasn’t sure if I should see him, but it might stop my heart from aching if I do. I hope that Jayden will do something with Matt tonight so I can meet up with Sean.
I hear footsteps outside my room and quickly log off and close the lid, lying down on my bed. Jayden walks in. He grabs his packet of cigarettes from his bag, taking one out and lighting it up. He looks down at me, taking a puff, exhaling the smoke in my direction. I cough, pushing the smoke away with my hand.
 “You aren’t sulking, are you?” he asks me.
I shake my head.
He sits down beside me, moving his hand under my shirt. He runs it up my side, touching me inappropriately. It makes me feel uncomfortable. I’m about to tell him to stop when we hear footsteps. He quickly puts his cigarette butt out on the side of my bedside table. He then drops the cigarette behind it, quickly sprays some of his deodorant to get rid of the smell of smoke. He sits back down beside me just as the door opens. Dad walks in. Jayden acts as if he is rubbing my tummy. 
 “How are you feeling now, Nicole?” Dad asks me.
Jayden presses his hand down hard on the bruise I have on my stomach, letting me know to say yes and not let my father know he was touching me inappropriately. I bit down on my lip so I don’t scream out in pain. Jayden will only hurt me more if I do.
“I feel a little better,” I say. “Jayden is just rubbing my stomach.”
Dad smiles proudly at Jayden. “That’s good to know. Thanks, Jayden. I can see you’re going to take good care of my daughter once you get married.”
Yeah, over my dead body he will.
“You bet I will, Mr Fletcher,” Jayden replies.
Dad walks out of the room, closing the door. He removes his hand from under my shirt and grabs his cigarette, lighting it up again. I sit up just as he inhales and blows the smoke in my direction, making me cough. He gives me a smirk and stands up from my bed.
“I have a date,” he says proudly as he walks over to the window. Just before he climbs out, he turns back to me. “Don’t you dare tell my parents where I’m going. I will make sure you pay if you do.”
“I won’t.” If I wasn’t so afraid of you, I would tell them everything that has been going on.
Jayden slips out the window. Good. With him gone, I can sneak out to see Sean.
At dinner I tell our parents Jayden has gone to meet up with Matt. I’m not really hungry, but I eat a bit. I keep my eye on the clock. When it is seven twenty I tell Dad I’m going to go for a walk along the beach. He allows me to go. I head over to the pier. I wrap my arms around myself to keep myself warm, wishing I had brought a jumper with me. We had another storm this afternoon and the temperature had dropped, making it cool. I wasn’t really sure where about Sean wanted to meet me on the pier, but I did see a dark figure pacing around in the distance. I smile to myself. I know it is Sean.
I walk up the steps and along the wooden boardwalk. There are a few lights lit up on the pier, giving me a good view of Sean. I can see how nervous he is. We are the only people around. I walk over to him.
Sean stops pacing when he sees me, and walks over to me, cupping his hands around my face, kissing me like we hadn’t seen each other in years. As soon as I feel his lips against mine, I knew walking away from him was a mistake.
“I’m sorry,” I tell him, bursting into tears. “I shouldn’t have said we couldn’t see each other anymore.”
“It’s okay. I forgive you. Just promise me you won’t ever leave me like that again.”
“I promise.”
Sean places his lips over mine again, kissing me passionately. Once he pulls away from me, he slips his hands into mine.
“Nicole, I know you’re scared about what Jayden might do,” he says, “but I promise you I won’t ever let him touch you. We can still see each other. We just have to watch our backs. We have to meet somewhere he can't find us.”
“Okay.” I nod. I wrap my arms around him and rest my head against his chest.
“What are you doing tomorrow?”
“I’m supposed to be going with Jayden and his mother into town to plan stuff for our wedding, but I really don’t want to go.”
“Then don’t go. Come with me tomorrow. I will take you to the cove. If we’re lucky, there might be dolphins there and we could swim with them. Jayden will never find us there.”






Chapter 13
~ Sean ~

I was so excited about tomorrow that I couldn’t sleep. I lay in bed, imagining Nicole’s face when she swims with dolphins for the first time. I know it won’t take away the pain she feels, but at least it will take her mind off him. Half of me is scared Jayden will find out, but I try not to let myself think about it. He isn’t going to find out about us. If we can’t hang out on the beach, then we can hang out around the cove. Not many people go down there, so at least we will have more privacy. Hopefully the dolphins are there tomorrow. There are some days when they don’t come down to the cove.
I get out of bed as soon as the sunlight lit up my room. Mum is in the kitchen making herself some toast. She’s surprised to see me out of bed this early. For me, six thirty is extremely early. My mother is such an early bird, always up before the rest of the household. I don’t normally get up until eight, unless it is a school day. It feels weird getting up so early. When living in Iceland I used to sleep in on purpose, especially on winter mornings. Mum had to drag me out of bed.
I grab a bowl and pour some porridge into it, adding milk before placing it into the microwave. Once it is ready, I join my mother at the table. Sam walks into the kitchen from the laundry where she sleeps. She greets me, standing up on her hind legs and puts her other two paws on my leg. I pat her head.
Sam gets down and walks over to the glass sliding door, barking, scratching at the door, wanting to be let out. As I open the door, to my surprise I find Nicole sitting on the steps. At first, I was worried that Jayden had done something to her.
She turns to me. Sam runs over to her and licks her face, making Nicole laugh as she pats her.
 “Nicole, what are you doing here so early?” I ask her. Her black eye doesn’t look as bad as it did yesterday, but it is still visible. “It’s only seven”. I figure we could go down to the cove after nine.
She stands. “I decided to sneak out of the house. If I leave later, I probably wouldn’t be able to meet up with you. I didn’t want you to think I stood you up.”
“Oh yeah, you have to plan your wedding with Jayden today. That must suck, especially when you don’t want to be married to him.”
“You have no idea how much it sucks.”
“Well, maybe later I can give you my number and if you’re ever in trouble or you have to do those wedding plans, you can call me.”
Nicole smiles. “I would like that.”
I invite her inside. As soon as Mum lays eyes on Nicole’s black eye, she asks her what happened. Nicole explains, telling her the same thing she told me yesterday – she ran into the door. Mum believes her and doesn’t ask any more questions. She tells Nicole to take a seat at the table while she makes some toast for her. Half of me wanted to tell my mother the truth about Nicole’s eye, but I decide not to. My Mum will panic. I don’t want her have to worry about Nicole’s personal life.
After breakfast we head down to the cove. It’s a ten minute walk from my house to the west side of the beach. The cove is a quiet place not many people go to. Everyone prefers to be at the beach. I like to go there sometimes when I want to be a lone. Just like I’m hoping, there is a pod of dolphins, swimming and leaping out of the water.
I turn to look at Nicole. Seeing the smile on her face makes me feel glad that I have taken her down here. “Are you ready?”
Nicole nods. “I am.”
I slip my hand into Nicole’s as we enter the water together. The dolphins take a while to swim over to us, making sure it was safe enough for them to swim over. When they do, they allow us to pat them. Nicole was a little unsure about it, but I get her to hang onto one of the dolphins’ fins. It swims around the cove with us on its back. The smile on her face made me glad that I brought her down here.
It’s a shame when the dolphins swim back out to the ocean, leaving Nicole and me alone. We swim back to shore, sitting down on the sand.
“Thanks so much for taking me here, Sean,” she says. “This is one of the best things I have ever done, and I’m glad I got to do it with you.”
“Það er ekkert mál.” I catch myself speaking Icelandic and quickly translate it before Nicole says something. “I mean, it’s no problem. All I wanted was for you to be happy, and not think about anything Jayden has done to you.”
A smile spreads across her face. “I am happy. For the first time ever, I feel happy. I just wish I had met you before I met Jayden. I wish you were my boyfriend. I could be getting married to you instead.”
My heart skips a beat when she said that. I feel the same way. I wish I had known her too. I’m not so sure about the marriage bit, but I knew I would definitely have been a better boyfriend to her than Jayden would ever be. I still don't understand how Jayden could hit her. How could he even think about hitting any women? Was he hurting Kayla like he does to Nicole? Or does he only abuse her?
I return the smile, lean over to kiss her, but don’t get the chance to when I hear someone speak behind us. I feel myself jump out of my own skin, fearing it’s Jayden, but then I figure if he is behind us, he wouldn’t say anything. He would just sneak up behind us and pound us both.
We turn to see my friends walking towards us, dressed in their swim suits.
“Hey, what are you guys doing here?” I ask them. I bet they are here to spy on us.
“We followed you here,” Taylor answers. “We were worried about what happened yesterday. When we saw you two together, Cody thought it would be a good idea to follow you two and see where you were headed.”
“I hope you don’t mind that we followed you,” Cody says. “We aren’t interrupting anything, are we?”
“No, not really,” I tell them. “I don’t mind you being here. Nicole and I are just hiding down here, hoping Jayden doesn’t find us.”
Jennifer smiles at us. “It’s good to see you together again.” She pauses. “We saw you swimming with the dolphins.”
“Yeah, it was one of the best moments of my life,” Nicole says. “I would never have thought I would ever get this close to a dolphin.” She goes quiet and then in a soft voice that you could only just hear, she says, “Jayden would never do something like this with me.”
I take her hand in mine, squeezing it tightly.
Cody picks Jennifer up. She squeals as he carries her over to the water with him. We all laugh at them, following them into the water to go for a swim.
After swimming we decide to get something to eat at a restaurant across from the cove. We sit down at a booth and wait for a waitress to take our order. We didn’t have to wait very long for our meals to arrive. We discuss the band competition on Tuesday night as we ate our burger and fries. I can’t wait. It is only four days away.
“Nicole, do you think you would be able to come to the show? It’s on Tuesday,” Jennifer asks her.
“I don’t know what’s happening that night,” Nicole says, “but I will try and sneak out to see you guys perform.” She takes a sip of her chocolate milkshake. “So are you nervous?” 
“Maybe a little,” Taylor answers for all of us. “At the moment we’re actually excited. I don’t think we will be nervous until the actual night.”
“Have you guys ever performed in front of an audience before?”
“No, we haven’t.”
“We were going to enter the school talent quest last year when we first got the band together,” Cody says, “but we figured we weren’t quite ready to perform in front of an audience yet. To tell you the truth it feels kind of scary and exciting at the same time. Knowing people are going to hear our music for the first time.”
“Nicole, maybe you could enter too. You could sing something,” I joke as I reach for my drink.
Nicole whacks me playfully on the arm. Some of my drink spills onto the table. “No! There is no way you’re making me get up on stage in front of millions. I can’t sing in front of a large crowd.”
My friends and I laugh at my joke, but our laughter stops when we notice Nicole, staring at something outside. I can see the fear written all over her face. Cody asks what is wrong, but she doesn’t respond. We turn in the direction, wondering what is bothering her. Walking through the doors of the restaurant is Jayden.
I feel my stomach drop as fear takes over once I catch sight of him. Ó nei. My only hope is he hasn’t seen Nicole or me yet. I don’t want to know what he could do to either of us. He probably wouldn’t hurt me as much, but I fear the worst for Nicole.
My heart leaps out of my chest when he starts heading towards our table, thinking he might have seen us. Nicole quickly hides herself under the table. I hold my breath until he walks past us, exhaling it. Thank goodness he doesn’t see us. All we need to do now is sneak Nicole out of here without getting caught. We decide to wait for when Jayden has his back to us. We don’t want to make a scene or make him suspicious. Once his back is turned, she quickly makes a dash for the door. She waits outside for us, away from the windows. My friends and I decide to stay behind for a few minutes, waiting for the right moment to walk out to join Nicole without Jayden even knowing she was here. Jayden sits down at a table two rows down from us with a woman with brown hair, which I guess to be his mother.






Chapter 14
~ Jayden ~

I’m so going to kill that little bitch later. She is going to pay for ditching me, leaving me to run around with my mother to organise our wedding. What my mother doesn’t know is that this wedding is never going to happen. 
I don’t know what time Nicole got up this morning, but when I woke up, she was nowhere in the house. The first thing my mother asked me when I entered the kitchen, was have I seen her. Of course I haven’t, and I didn’t care where she was. The last time I saw her was when I came home from my date with Kayla, asleep in my sleeping bag. I should be the one ditching Nicole, not her ditching me. I wanted to spend the day with Kayla, not planning this wedding with my mum.
She better not be with Sean. She will so pay for it if I catch her with him.
I spent most of the morning with Mum talking to a wedding planner about booking the Canary Bay local church, which Mum had suggested the wedding should take place, and visiting a florist to pick what flowers we wanted. Again, she took control of everything, picking out what flowers we should have since I had no clue about them. I didn’t care about them. They’re stupid. I don’t even know or care what kind Nicole likes. Mum chose pink lilies. To me it was such an ugly flower and colour. Lastly, we visited the local bakery for our cake. Mum ordered a three-layer cake. Once we finished all of this wedding crap, Mum decided to buy me lunch. 
I didn’t want lunch and I definitely didn’t want to go to some stupid diner with her. No matter how much I tell her I didn’t want anything to eat, she insists I eat something.
The two of us sit down at a booth two tables down from this group of teenagers. One of them is staring at me. It takes me a minute to realise it is Sean. I laugh to myself, thinking about the other day when I beat up Nicole for seeing that creep. I wonder what they were both going to do now that they could no longer be together. I glance over at their table just as Sean turns away from me. I don’t see Nicole there so I’m pleased for once she has listened to me. I don’t know what she sees in him. He looks like a pathetic loser to me.
I turn away from them and look at my menu. Mum asks me if I have decided yet. Of course I haven’t. I scan the menu, trying hard not to listen to my mother go on and on about the wedding, telling me how exciting it was going to be. For crying out loud Mum, it’s just a stupid wedding. Nicole and I aren’t even going to have it.
Once I decide what food I want, I glance up and look over at Sean. He and his lousy friends are leaving. Good. I don’t want to see his ugly face. Maybe next time I see him I’ll pound his face in for going near Nicole in the first place.
A waitress soon serves us, writing down our order on her notepad. 

      *         *         *          *         *

Once home, I lie to Mum, telling her I was going to go out to look for Nicole. Truthfully, I don’t care one bit about looking for her. Instead, I head down to the pier to see Kayla. Walking along the beach, I pull out a cigarette, lighting it up. It feels good once I put the butt to my lips. I haven’t had one all day and I really need one, especially after my mum made me totally stress out from all this wedding crap.
I’m glad when I get to the kiosk and see Kayla there. She smiles at me once she spots me as soon as a customer she is serving has walked away. I jump the counter, cup Kayla’s face, and kiss her.
“I missed you,” she says when she pulls away from me. “I thought you weren’t going to come.”
“Yeah, well I had to do a few things this morning. It’s a shame I missed your lunch break. I thought we could do something together, but now I have to wait until your shift is over. So where’s your mum?”
“You just missed her. She had to leave to take my brother to the doctor. She may be gone for an hour or two.”
The thought of us being alone without her mother around brought a smile to my lips.
“Hey, are you doing anything tonight?” I ask her.
“No. What do you have in mind?”
“My friend Matt is having a party tonight and I was wondering if you would like to come to it?”
Kayla smiles as she leans over to kiss me. I guess that’s a yes.
“Hi, Kayla,” a male voice says.
Kayla and I pull apart to see a guy I recognise as one of Sean’s friends back at the restaurant. That’s weird. I thought I heard Sean’s voice or maybe I just thought I did.
“Hi, Cody.” Kayla stands at the cash register. “Was that you who said hi to me, because I swear I thought I heard Sean’s voice?”
 “No, it was me.”
I take one look at Sean’s friend and knew he is lying. He is covering for him. Sean probably saw me making out with Kayla and decided to hide. I guess he must have known what I was planning on doing to him when I see him.
Cody orders five ice creams from Kayla and then walks away. Once he is gone, I lead Kayla to the back to make out before the next customer arrives.

     *        *         *        *         *

I leave the kiosk and head back home. My parents are in the kitchen cooking dinner. Mr Fletcher isn’t home. He is out getting some chicken for the meal Jayden’s Mum is making. I head to Nicole’s room where I decide to stay until I have to leave for Matt’s party. I light up a cigarette and lay down on Nicole’s bed, not really sure what to do. Nicole has nothing in here for me to do. Sure, there is her computer, but I don’t feel like going on it. I could also sit in the living room and watch television, but I don’t want to be out there with my annoying parents. Maybe I should ask my parents if I can stay with Matt for the rest of the holiday. At least if I was at his place I wouldn’t be so bored.
I think about an hour passed. I'm not really sure, but I lit up my third cigarette when I hear my mother talking to Nicole.
“Nicole, where were you today?” Mum is saying. “You were supposed to come with Jayden and me to plan your wedding.”
“I was?” Nicole says. I know she is lying. “I’m sorry Mrs Ma – Lillian. It must have slipped my mind. I was out on the beach.”
I imagine Mum smiling. “That’s okay, sweetie. After dinner I will fill you in with the choices Jayden and I have made. You are going to love everything about this wedding.”
I roll my eyes. I still don’t get what the big deal is about this wedding. It’s not like Nicole and I are really going to get married. I can imagine my mother’s face when I tell her the wedding is off. She would beg me not to call it off, and she would probably lock herself in her room and cry for days because her only child decided he doesn’t want to marry his childhood sweetheart. Well, guess what, Mother? Nicole and I are no longer an item, or even friends.
“Sounds great, Lillian,” Nicole says. “I can’t wait to hear it. Is Jayden home?”
“Yeah, he is in your room,” Dad tells her.
I sit up on Nicole’s bed, hearing her footsteps get closer. She opens the door and closes it behind her. I stand up and walk over to her, throwing her against the door, pinning her against it with one hand while I hold my cigarette in the other. I demand to know where she was.
“I was at the beach,” she says. “I didn’t want to be with your mum, so I left early so I didn’t have to go with her.”
I grab her right wrist, twisting it. She winces at the pain. She begs me to let go, but I ignore her cries. “How dare you ditch me like that? Thanks to you, I missed half of my morning so I could help my mother plan our stupid wedding, only because you decided you wanted to spend the entire day at the beach. Next time I’m the one who will be running off and having fun while you stay here with my mother.”
 “We’re going to have to tell our parents we aren’t getting married,” she tells me. “We can’t keep planning the wedding and getting your mother’s hopes up for nothing. She is really excited about it.”
“I don’t want to tell them and I’m not going to. And who cares if I get my mother’s hopes up? She will survive.”
“How did you become so heartless?”
“Why? You don’t like it?”
Nicole shakes her head.
“Well, that’s too bad because you’re going to have to live with it.”
I push Nicole on the floor. She fell to her knees. I grab her, sitting her up and grab her left wrist, turning her hand around so her palm is facing me. With my cigarette butt, I dab it on her wrist, doing it five times. Burn marks appears and I glance up at Nicole. I can see the pain flaring in her eyes. I chuckle. I enjoy seeing the pain I put her through.
I stand up and walk over to the windowsill, putting the butt out. I throw it out the window and turn back to Nicole who is just sitting on the floor staring at me, terrified.
Without saying anything, I walk out of the room, leaving her still on the floor. She hasn’t moved an inch. I head to the bathroom to take a shower before Mum calls us for dinner.





Chapter 15
~ Nicole ~

Tears fill my eyes. The wrist Jayden had twisted was painful when I turn it. It isn’t broken or sprained, but it wouldn’t have surprised me if it was. His finger marks are still visible where he had gripped it so tightly, leaving only redness. The burns he left on my other wrist with his cigarette butt feel like it was still burning through my skin. I want to go to the bathroom to run my wrist under cold water, but Jayden is in there. I could go out to the kitchen and use the sink in there, but the thought of our parents out there stops me. They’ll ask questions, and I can’t deal with them right now.
I don’t move from the spot where he had pushed me. I’m afraid to move. I’m afraid to do anything just in case Jayden uses it as an excuse to hurt me again. The only time I do move is when Mrs Mason calls us to dinner. The thought of going out and sitting beside Jayden terrified me. Although I knew he wasn’t going to do anything to me in front of our parents, I’m still afraid to be near him. I will have to cover up my burns as well so our parents don’t see them. What can I tell them if they ask me? If they figure out the burns are from a cigarette, they will want to know how it happened. I can’t tell them Jayden smokes. He will kill me.
Rather than joining my family for dinner, I tell Mrs Mason I’m not feeling well. While everyone ate, I hid myself in the bathroom. I turn the cold water on, placing my wrist under it. The water immediately soothes the pain. I leave it under for a long time until it feels numb, and then dab it dry with a soft towel. Before leaving the bathroom, I search the medicine cabinet to see whether or not if there is any cream for burns I could use. I find some and rub it over them. I squeeze my eyes shut as I applied the cream, the wound stinging as I rub it. 
I head back to my room, lying down on my bed. I stare up at the ceiling, thinking of a way to make myself feel happy. Jayden walks in about five minutes later. I sit up, watching, waiting for him to say or do something to me for not joining our family for dinner. Without saying anything to me, he sneaks out of the window.
Once he is gone, I reach for my iPod, which I keep in my sock draw beside my bed. I don’t normally listen to it when Jayden is around. He doesn’t like me listening to it for some reason, and tries to take it from me. Only giving it back to me, when he has finished listening to it, and usually by then the battery is flat. I switch my iPod on, scrolling down the list of artists until I came across Simple Plan, one of my favourite bands. Their music always makes me feel better whenever I’m feeling down, especially if Jayden has just done something horrible to me. I start to feel better the moment their music began playing. 
I lay listening to the rock music, trying my best to forget what Jayden had done to me. About two minutes into the song, I feel my phone vibrating in the pocket of my shorts. I take it out, smiling when I see Sean’s name appear on the caller ID. I answer the text he sent.
Hey. Is Jayden around? Can I call u?
I reply back. No, he just left so u can call me.
While I wait for my phone to ring, I switch off my iPod and put it back in my sock draw. Just as I close the top draw, my phone rings. I answer it, pleased to hear Sean’s voice when he greets me.
“What are you doing?” he wants to know.
“I was just listening to music. You?” 
“Unfortunately it’s my turn to do the dishes so that’s what I’m doing while I’m talking to you.”
“Well, I’m glad to hear your voice. I miss you.”
“I miss you too.” He must have sensed the sadness and fear in my voice, because the next minute he says, “Are you alright? Did Jayden do something?”
I look down at the burn marks on my wrist. It doesn’t hurt as much, since I put the cream on. My other hand, which Jayden twisted, no longer hurts and the redness has disappeared. I tell Sean what he has done with his cigarette.
“That… that, grr!” Sean replies. “I swear if I could say and think of every swear word in the dictionary to describe him, it would be a never ending list. That’s how much I hate that guy for hurting you. How can he treat you like he does?”
“I have been trying to understand what he does since we were fifteen. Ever since he and his friend Matt had gotten into drugs, Jayden has never been the same. I’ve never understood why he decided to hurt me.”
“He doesn’t have respect for you, that’s why he does it. So anyway, it’s Saturday tomorrow. I just want to let you know I may not be able to see you until the afternoon.”
“Why? What are you doing?”
“I’m volunteering at the aquarium. I do it every Saturday.”
I feel sad, but I’m not sure why. Maybe it is because I want to be with him, and I can’t. Wait, I can still see him. I have never been to the aquarium, even though it has been three years since it opened. They built it hoping it would attract more tourists to the bay. I have always wanted to visit it since it opened, but it’s expensive getting in. The summer it opened Dad and I were going to go while we were on vacation here, but we had to leave earlier because Dad’s mother wasn’t well, and was taken into hospital.
I talk to Sean a bit more before hanging up. I leave the room to find my dad. Mr and Mrs Mason are sitting on the couch, watching something on TV. They don’t take any notice of me. I notice the light is on in my dad’s room. I walk over to it, knocking on the door.
Dad is sitting on his bed. He glances up at me from the book he is reading. “Hey, Nicole. How are you feeling?”
“I feel much better.” I enter the room and sit down beside him.
“That’s good to hear. Did you have another stomach ache?”
I nod. “Yeah, I did.”
“If your stomach ache continues tomorrow, I will take you to the doctor to get it checked out.”
I shake my head, telling him I will be fine by tomorrow. I should have told him the truth about why I wasn’t feeling well, but I don’t. “Dad, I was wondering if you and I could do something together tomorrow. I mean, we haven’t really spent any time together since arriving here. All Mrs Mason wants to do is organise the wedding. I don’t understand why she can’t wait until our vacation is over.”
“I know. I don’t understand why she can’t wait either. I guess it’s because she is just excited that you two are getting married. She is trying to be the best mother-in-law to you. So, what would you like to do tomorrow?”
“I was thinking we could go to the aquarium.”
Dad agrees to go. I head to bed grinning from ear to ear. All I can think about is introducing him to Sean tomorrow.
I wake up early the next morning, not caring if Jayden wakes up and sees the smile on my face. 
By eight thirty, Dad and I are at the aquarium, joining the queue at the entrance as we waited for it to open. Dad pays the entry fee.
We walk around, admiring the different varieties of fish, sharks, turtles and other sea creatures. It’s cooler inside than what it is outside. The place isn’t too packed and it is easy to view the tanks without anyone blocking our view. As we walk through the tunnels, I keep a close eye out for Sean. I hope we get to see him.
My heart stops when I do finally see him. He is in the seal exhibit, standing near the poolside with a bucket of fish beside him, dressed in a black wetsuit with the aquarium’s logo on it. Two seals are standing near him, waiting to be fed. A baby seal is also there, which I remember seeing on the news a month before Christmas when it was born. I watch him, unable to take my eyes off him. Dad stands beside me as we lean on the railing that surrounded the pool area.
Since Dad and I were at the other end of the pool, I move to the other end so I am closer to Sean. Dad follows me. I reach the other end just as Sean finishes feeding the seals. I call out to him just as he is about to walk out of the exhibit.
He looks up at me and smiles. “Nicole, I didn’t expect to see you here.”
“Well, I thought it would be nice to come here. I haven’t had the chance to visit since it opened.” I notice he looks at my Dad. “Sean, I would like you to meet my dad. Dad, this is Sean. He is a friend of mine.”
Dad greets him back.
“I will meet you at the pier later, okay?” Sean tells me.
I smile. “Okay.”
With a nod, Sean walks away.
As I watch him, I knew I had to tell Dad my feelings for him. Even if I don’t tell him, Dad will eventually find out. I turn to him. “Dad, I need to tell you something.”
“Okay.” He looks around for an empty bench for us to sit down on. We find one and sit down. “So, what do you want to tell me?”
I take a deep breath, exhaling it slowly. “I have been seeing Sean since we arrived here. I kind of have feelings for him.”
Dad stares at me. He has a blank look on his face and I’m not sure whether or not if he is mad with me. “So you’re seeing him behind Jayden’s back?” 
I nod. 
“I don’t understand, Nicole. If you are in love with Jayden, why are you seeing someone behind his back? Do you have any idea what this will do to your relationship with him?”
I look away from my dad, staring down at the floor. I feel ashamed for not telling him the truth. “Yeah, I know what it can do. It doesn’t really matter anymore.” I look back at him, looking straight in the eyes. “Dad, there is something you, his parents and everyone else don’t know about. Jayden and I are no longer going out. We stopped dating when we were fifteen.”
Dad looks stunned. “But why did he propose to you if you aren’t together anymore? And why did you say yes?”
“He only proposed because his mother kept pestering him to marry me.”
“Nicole, why didn’t you tell anyone you weren’t seeing each other anymore?”
Because Jayden threatened to hurt me if I ever tell anyone that we aren’t together any more. He even threatened to hurt me if I ever tell anyone the real reason why we aren’t together. “We weren’t sure how to tell people we weren’t going out, so we just acted like we were still together.” I lie. “Mostly we pretended to be together, because his mother seemed so happy every time we were. We didn’t know how to tell her. We’re still trying to figure out how to tell her that we aren’t really engaged.”
“Well, you’re going to have to tell her before she starts planning more of the wedding, and spending money on it.”
“I know. Jayden and I just have to figure out how to tell her. Please don’t tell her or Mr Mason.”
Dad promises not to tell them anything.
“So, what do you think of Sean?” I ask him.
“He seems like a nice guy.” He puts an arm around me. “I’m glad you have found someone you’re happy with.”
I smile. I’m glad I’ve finally told Dad I’m no longer with Jayden. The only thing I still need to do is tell him is what Jayden does to me. I want to tell him. I know it’s the right thing to do, but I can hear Jayden in the back of my head, telling me what he is going to do to me if I do. His threatening voice scares me. Maybe when I feel more like I’m ready, I will tell Dad.












Chapter 16
~ Sean ~

I couldn’t wait until the day is over so I can head down to the pier to be with Nicole. I was so happy to see her at the aquarium. I wasn’t sure what her dad thought of me, especially with me seeing his engaged daughter. I hope he doesn’t ban Nicole from seeing me.
I head home, and as I reach the front of the house, I hear my name being called.
I turn around to see Kayla walking towards me, carrying my mother’s cookbook that I gave her the other day. I greet her back.
“Here’s your mother’s book.” She hands it to me. I take it. “I will see you later, Sean.”  She then turns to walk away, heading in the direction of Nicole’s house.
“Where are you going?” I ask her. “Aren’t you coming in?”
“No, I’m meeting Jayden in town. He's taking me out for dinner.”
I want to scream when I hear that jerk’s name. What did Kayla see in him anyway? I swear he better be treating her with respect. I will go after him if he ever lays a finger on my cousin like he does to Nicole.
I think back to the other day when I planned to tell her about Jayden, but I saw him there and stopped myself. I have to tell her about him. I have to warn her so she doesn’t end up like Nicole. He is nowhere to be seen so I know he isn’t going to be able to stop me from saying anything.
“Kayla, I need to tell you something about Jayden,” I say to her. “He isn’t what he seems.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, he can be a violent person.”
“What are you talking about, Sean? Jayden is a nice guy. You said so yourself. Why are you telling me this?”
“I only told you that because he was there. If he wasn’t there, I would have told you the truth. I don’t want you to be with him. I don’t want to see you become a victim of domestic violence.”
“Domestic violence?” 
I know my cousin doesn’t believe a word I’m saying. 
“Why would I be a victim of domestic violence?”
“I don’t know if he would do it to you, but he has been known to act violent towards girls.”
It was all I could say. I knew she didn’t believe me. I have no proof, not here.
“He is not going to hit me if that’s what you’re afraid of. What makes you think he is going to?”
 “I don’t know if he is going to do it to you, but...” I’m not going to be able to convince her. I want to tell her about Nicole, but I can’t.
“Well, then he isn’t going to.”
I stand there, staring at my cousin, frustrated as I try to tell her the truth about her lousy, phony boyfriend. The conservation isn’t going the way I had planned. I hoped she will listen to me and decide to break it off with him, but I forgot how stubborn she can be. I’m not going to be able to get the things Jayden does through to her. She is going to see him no matter what I say.
Kayla shakes her head as she walks away. I follow her, blurting out some things in Icelandic. Speaking the language gets Kayla’s attention, at least enough to get her to turn and face me, telling me to speak English.
I repeat what I said to her. “For crying out loud, Kayla, will you just listen to me?”
“Why should I listen to you when everything you’re saying about Jayden is not true?”
“I’m telling you the truth. Kayla, you have only known Jayden for a few days. You may think he is nice, because that’s what he wants you to believe. He hasn’t been telling you the truth.” I pause, swallow, thinking about the bruise I saw on Nicole’s abdomen. I have to tell her. I can’t let her become one of Jayden’s innocent victims. “You remember Nicole?”
 “The girl you have been teaching to surf?” she asks.
“Yes. Jayden is her fiancé, but she is planning to leave him. The reason she is leaving him is because Jayden abuses her.”
Kayla looks at me, disbelievingly. “You know what? You’re probably making this up. You’re jealous of me for hanging around with Jayden and not spending enough time with you.”
I stare at her, confused. What has Jayden done to her? Has he completely brainwashed her? Why on earth would I be jealous of her for hanging out with Jayden? Yeah, we’re close and spend a lot of time together, but why would I be jealous if she is dating someone? I’m happy for her. I’m just not happy it’s Jayden she is seeing. “What? No, Kayla.”
“Yes, it is. I don’t know why you have to be jealous of me. I’m not jealous of you for being with Nicole. I don’t go around telling you to break up with someone. So why are you doing it to me?”
“I’m not doing anything to you. I’m just trying to protect you from a monster.”
“Jayden is not a monster.”
“Kayla, if you don’t believe me, fine, but I can show you the bruises and scars Nicole has. I don’t want to see you end up like her.”
“Sean, I’m not going to be beaten up by him. Jayden is a great guy. Now, I’m going to go. I’m meeting him and I don’t want to be late.”
I watch as my cousin turns away from me, continuing down the street. I want to chase after her, so I can keep an eye on her. To make sure Jayden does not lay a finger on her. As kids, Kayla and I were close. We still were. I can’t stand to see her with someone who might mistreat her.
I turn to walk inside, forgetting about Kayla. It is her decision to be with Jayden, not mine. Maybe Jayden won’t beat her up. I don’t understand. If he can treat Kayla right, why can’t he treat Nicole with respect? It just isn’t right. I hate him so much.
I quickly change out of my uniform and head down to the pier. Nicole is leaning on the railing, looking out at the ocean. I put aside the argument I had with my cousin and tiptoe over to Nicole, trying not to let the wooden boardwalk creak under my feet. I sneak up behind her, placing my hands over her eyes.
“Guess who?” I say.
Nicole removes my hands and twirls around to face me. She is about to lash out, maybe thinking I was Jayden, and realise that maybe I shouldn’t have sneak up on her like that, but she calms down once she realises it’s me. 
She wraps her arms around me in a hug. “I’m so glad to see you.”
“Me too.”
Nicole lets go of me, turning to look back out at the ocean. I stand behind her, wrapping my arms around her waist, resting my chin on her shoulder. I look out at the horizon, spotting a ship in the distance.
“So, what did you do for the rest of the day?” I ask her.
“Nothing much,” she replies. “After my dad and I left the aquarium he took me out to lunch before heading home. I didn’t want to in the house, so instead I hung out here at the pier for the rest of the afternoon.”
 “What did you do while you were waiting for me?”
“I haven’t done anything really. I have just been standing here and staring out at the horizon.”
“That seems kind of boring.”
Nicole turns around to face me. “Not really. It was totally worth just hanging around here waiting for you. I just didn’t want to go home because of Jayden. It was kind of nice being out here alone and just thinking.”
I touch the side of her face. “Thinking about what?”
“About everything that has been happening in the past few days, and how I’m hoping to someday be free from Jayden so I can be with you.”
A lovesick feeling forms in the pit of my stomach. “And you will be free from him. I will make sure you will.” I lean down to kiss her.
“Sean, I told my dad about us,” she says once she parts from me with a smile on her face.
“You did? What did he say?”
“Well,” she tucks a strand of her blonde hair behind her ear, “he was kind of shocked at first when I told him that Jayden and I haven’t been together for three years, but he was actually glad I am with someone who makes me happy.”
“That’s great! So did you tell him about the things Jayden does to you?”
Nicole turns away from me. She doesn’t have to say anything to me. I know she didn’t tell her father about him.
“Nicole, you have to tell him.”
“I know I should. I wanted to tell him, but I heard Jayden in the back of my mind, threatening to hurt me if I tell.”
“He is only doing it to scare you, Nicole. Can you please tell your dad what he is doing to you?”
Nicole nods. “Okay, I will tell him, but give me a couple of days. I need to think how I’m going to tell him. I promise I will tell him after Tuesday.”





Chapter 17
~ Jayden ~

Kayla and I have a nice dinner at a French restaurant. At first I thought she stood me up when she arrives fifteen minutes late. She tells me about the argument she had with her stupid cousin, Sean. He told her the things I do to Nicole. That bitch. She is going to pay for telling. It’s none of his business what I do to her. Thankfully, Kayla didn’t believe a word he said. I smile sweetly at her. She was fully unaware of how innocent I really am, and I will make sure she will never know my secret. No one will ever believe Nicole.
Once I drop Kayla off at her place, I hurry home, walking as fast as I can. I plan to bash the hell out of Nicole. The more I think about what she told Sean, the angrier I feel. I arrive home only to find the house empty. A note is left on the fridge in my dad’s handwriting:

Nicole, Jayden,
The three of us have gone out for dinner. We will be home soon.

I smile to myself knowing I can do whatever I want to Nicole while our parents aren’t here. The door opens. I glance up to see her walk in. I hurry over to her, throwing her up against the wall, pinning her shoulders down as I demand to know where she has been.
“Nowhere,” she replies. I know she is lying through her teeth. “I was just taking a walk along the beach.”
“You were out with Sean, weren’t you?”
“No, I swear I wasn’t with him, Jayden. I was just taking a walk along the beach. I wasn’t doing anything else.”
“Oh, really?” She is lying. I know she is. Nobody knows what I do to Nicole, except for Matt. “How the heck does Sean know what I do?”
Nicole doesn’t answer me. I tighten the grip on her shoulders, digging my nails through her shirt.
“Jayden, let go. You’re hurting me.”
I ignore her. She has no idea what I’m planning to do for messing with me, and thinking she can just get away with telling Sean. “Damn it, Nicole, answer me. Don’t you dare lie to me because I will hurt you even more than I am right now.”
 “I-I told him.”
I slap her hard across the face, leaving a red mark of my hand print across her cheek. “Who else have you told?”
“Nobody. Just Sean.”
“You’re seeing him, aren’t you?”
Tears fill her eyes as she shakes her head. “No. I told him what you have been doing just before you caught us together.”
I was going to hit her again, but decide not to. Instead, I grab her wrist, dragging her to her room, throwing her onto her bed. I climb on top of her, holding her wrists as I pin them down on her sheets. I see the fear in her eyes. I want to laugh.
“Listen to me, Nicole,” I warn her, “I will hurt you real bad if anyone finds out about me. You don’t want me to go to jail, do you?”
“No, I don’t.”
“Well, you better keep your mouth shut. I wasn't kidding when I said I will hurt you if you tell anyone. I will even hurt Sean if he tells anyone.”
Nicole shakes her head. “No, don’t hurt Sean. He didn’t do anything. It’s my fault for telling him.”
Before I can do anything else to Nicole, I hear the front door open, followed by our parents’ voices. I release Nicole, quickly getting off her bed before our parents walks in and catch us. I don’t want them to know what we are up to. Nicole wipes her eyes. I want to laugh at her. What a cry baby.
My phone rings. I answer it, finding Matt on the other end. He asks me if I want to come over to his place and get wasted. He has also managed to get more cocaine for us. I accept his invitation, telling him I will be over at his place soon. I know I will have a lot more fun if I spend the evening at his place rather than staying here. Nicole will just bore me to death. Maybe Matt will have some girls over.
I flip my middle finger at Nicole before climbing out the window.






Chapter 18
~ Nicole ~

As soon as Jayden leaves, I force myself off my bed and walk towards the bathroom to wash my face. I don’t want anyone to know that I have been crying. My shoulders are sore from where he had held me. I can hardly move my arms at all without causing pain to shoot through my shoulders. I’m just glad our parents returned home in time. I don’t want to know what Jayden would have done to me if they hadn’t.
I leave the bathroom and hide in my room, wanting to be alone. I open my sock drawer, pulling out a picture frame I buried in there after we had broken up. I sit on my bed with it, staring at it. It’s a picture of Jayden and me at aged fourteen. We were sitting on the front steps of my house, staring at one another. Dad had taken the photo without us knowing. It was one of my favourite pictures of us. The picture showed how much love we had for each other. You could see it in our eyes. It was taken two months before I turned fifteen. Jayden turned fifteen four months later. Everything changed shortly after his birthday.
I don’t even know why he changed. I had no idea of it was something I did. I try not to blame myself, but sometimes I do. More than not, I believe Matt is responsible for Jayden’s behaviour, since he is the one who introduced him to drugs.
Why do I allow him to treat me this way? Why do I pretend to be with him? I’m stupid. I’m weak. 
I take the picture out of its frame, folding it up, not caring for creases, and place it in my pocket. I walk out of my room, telling my dad I’m going to have an early night, but of course I’m not. I sneak out of the window.
I walk along the beach. It’s deserted, just the way I wanted it to be, peaceful with just the sound of the waves washing up onto the shore. I dial Sean’s number as I walk, asking him to meet me at the pier. He promises to be there.
I stand at the end of the pier, looking out at the dark sea, taking in by the beauty of the night sky. I take the picture of Jayden and me out of my pocket. I stare at it before ripping it into a million pieces. I hold my arm over the railing, letting the pieces slip from my fingers. The breeze picks them up, blowing them through the air. I watch as some fall down to the water below, while others just float away with the wind. I wonder where they will land.
I continue to stand there staring out to sea, waiting for Sean to arrive. As I wait for him, I think of what I am going to say to him. I want to know how Jayden knew, and what I had told Sean about him. Sean is the only person I have ever told. I don’t think he will tell anyone else about it. He promised he wouldn’t.
“Is everything okay, Nicole?” I hear Sean approach from behind me. “You sounded upset over the phone.”
I turn to face him. “Jayden found out that I told you about what he does to me. You didn’t tell anyone else did you?”
“I told Kayla. I tried to warn her about him. She didn’t believe me at all. She must have told him what I had said to her. Nicole, did he hurt you?”
I bit my lip and nod, trying not to cry. “He…” I look away from Sean, feeling ashamed for allowing Jayden to do what he does to me, and not telling anyone about it. I’m letting him get away with a crime he commits. What kind of person am I?
“Maybe you shouldn’t wait till after Tuesday to tell your dad, Nicole. You should tell him now. Jayden could do something serious and you don’t want that to happen. I don’t want anything to happen to you.”
I nod, knowing he is right. I’m stupid. 
I don’t know why, but I want to show Sean my bruises and scars Jayden has left me with. I want Sean to tell me I’m stupid. Jayden always says I am. I want Sean to do the same thing. If he does, I will know it’s true.
“Sean, I want to show you something,” I tell him. 
I walk over to a nearby lamp post, standing underneath it. It’s a good thing there is no one around. I begin to strip, and place my clothes on the boardwalk. Sean stares at me with his mouth open wide as I stood there wearing only my underwear. The light from the lamp post shines down on my body, revealing every single bruise Jayden has given me over the last few days. I have the massive one on my stomach, which still hasn’t heal yet, a few on my back, arms, legs and I can already see the yellow bruise forming on both of my shoulders that will soon be purple.
My body is hideous.
Sean steps closer to me, running his hands along my skin as he examines the bruises. He twirls me around so he can look behind me. I can’t imagine what he is thinking.
“Sean, could you please tell me I’m stupid,” I tell him.
He turns me around so I’m facing him. “I’m not going to call you stupid, Nicole.”
“I want you to call me stupid, Sean. I want you to tell me I’m stupid for keeping this secret and allowing Jayden to hit me for the past three years.”
Sean looks at me. I can see by the look he is giving me he doesn’t want to call me that, but I beg him to, and finally he says it. “You’re stupid.”
I burst into tears, his words stabbing me in the heart, even though I know he doesn’t mean them. I sit down on the pier, pushing my knees to my chest. I wrap my arms around my legs, burying my face in my knees. Sean sits down beside me, wrapping me into a hug. I feel better knowing I have someone who cares about me. I wish Jayden was still the sweet guy he used to be when we were growing up together. I want him to be like Sean. I remember the days when Jayden was always there for me. Now he just doesn’t care about me at all. I just hope Sean never turns away from me like Jayden has.
 “Everything is going to be okay, Nicole,” Sean replies, rubbing a hand up and down my arm. “I’m going to be right here with you. I don’t think you’re stupid. I can understand what you’re going through and why you’re afraid to tell anyone.” He lifts my chin and wipes my tears. “Nicole, promise me you won’t wait too long to tell your dad about Jayden? I don’t want to see you get hurt anymore.”
I nod, promising him.
I don’t know why, but I want Sean to say something in Icelandic to comfort me from my fears. “Say something in Icelandic. Say anything. I just want to get Jayden off my mind.”
“Okay.” Sean thinks of something to say. “Ég elska þig.”
I don’t know what he said, but somehow I have the feeling it is something good. It has to be.
“What does that mean?” I ask him.
“I love you,” he translates.
I feel my stomach flutter with butterflies, and my heart skips a beat. I haven’t heard those three words in such a long time. Jayden used to say them and I miss hearing it. It feels more special hearing the words in a foreign language.
Sean loves me.
He helps me how to pronounce the words and I say it back to him.
Sean smiles at me. I put a hand behind his neck, leaning forward to kiss him. He pulls back from me, grabbing my clothes and hands them to me.
“Come on, get dressed. Let’s go do something together.” He stands up, offers me his hand. I take it, stand and then quickly pull on my shorts.
“What are we going to do?”
“Let’s go swimming.”
“What? Sean, we can’t. What if there are sharks out there? They say you shouldn’t go into the water after dark.”
“Well, that’s the risk we will take. Come on, let’s go.”
Sean grabs my hand and leads me towards the water. I don’t even bother to put my shirt back on. I dump it on the sand, along with my shoes, wearing only my bra and shorts. I take off my anklet as well, sticking it inside my shoe so I won’t lose it. Sean takes his shirt and shoes off, putting it beside my stuff, along with his phone. We race into the water together, splashing the water at each other. We don’t go too far out because we don’t want to risk getting attacked by a shark.
After playing around in the water, we walk back onto the beach where we left our clothes. I sit on the sand, and then lay back, glancing up at the stars above. My view is soon blocked when Sean hovers over me, leaning down to kiss me. Pulling away, Sean lies down on the sand beside me, staring up at the stars.
We stay out for a little while longer before heading back home. I don’t really want to go home, but I have to. I say goodnight and head to my window, climbing in. I discover Jayden isn’t home and I’m glad. I know he will question me about my whereabouts. I decide to take a shower and change into my pyjamas. As I get changed, I think of what and how I’m going to tell my dad about Jayden.
I tap on my dad’s bedroom door. “Dad, I –” I start to say, but stop when I see him asleep. He must have fallen asleep while reading. His book is still open on his chest. 
I didn’t want to wake him. I switch off the light and crawl into bed with him, setting his book aside on the bedside table. I didn’t want to go back to my room, not when Jayden will be in there later. I have no idea what time he will return home or what he will do to me when he does.

      *        *          *         *        *

The next day I find the bed empty beside me when I wake up. I get up and start my normal routine, trying to figure out how I was going to tell Dad about Jayden. I want to tell him when Jayden’s parents aren’t around, but it’s hard because they are always around, same with Jayden. I could probably say something with his parents there, but I don’t really feel comfortable talking with them around. 
I want to tell Dad everything, before I tell Jayden’s parents. Every time I get close to telling him about Jayden, I can’t. Mrs Mason interrupts us every time I start a conversation with him. There had been a couple of times when Jayden is around, but I just chicken out.
I’m so weak. Why can’t I just tell my dad about Jayden? I know he will make sure Jayden won’t try to hurt me again, but I’m just so afraid. I keep hearing his voice in the back of my mind, telling me he is going to hurt me if I tell. I don’t know how to get pass my fear of him.
I don’t see Sean for the next few days, as he and his friends are busy practising for their performance on Tuesday. I can’t wait to see them perform. I just know they will win.

      *         *         *         *        *

When Tuesday does come, I’m excited. But my excitement soon dies down when Mrs Mason says she wants the whole family to go out to dinner together. I have no choice to go.
We arrive at the French restaurant Mrs Mason has chosen around six o’clock. My only hope is I will be able to finish in time, so I can head over to watch Sean and his friends perform at the contest. The contest doesn’t start until seven thirty, but I don’t want to miss anything, especially since I’m not sure when Sean will be performing. I want to stand in the front row and scream the loudest when they perform.











Chapter 19
~ Sean ~

Stage fright grabs a hold of me as I stand backstage with my friends. I’m sure the fright will disappear once we are on the stage and start to play. We are the last group to perform. We are right after this brunette girl, Tori, who is performing a solo. 
My friends and I are trying not to feel too nervous. We don’t want to do anything that could stuff up our performance. I hope Nicole shows up like she promised. Maybe the nervous feeling in my stomach will disappear when I see her face in the crowd. She texted me earlier to tell me she was going to be a little late. She had to go to some dinner with her family, but she was going to try every way she could to see my performance.
Tori came to the end of her song. The crowd cheers, which causes my stomach to gurgle loudly. I feel my phone vibrating in the pocket of my jeans, I quickly answer it. It’s a text from Nicole. My heart leaps for joy, replacing the stage fright in the pit of my stomach.

I’m here :) Hope I didn’t miss you yet. I can’t wait to see you perform.

I smile at her message. She is here. Tori walks off the stage, wishing us luck as she walks past. I quickly reply to Nicole.

Great! You made it in time. I’m about to go on.

Joey, the host of the contest, introduces us and we walk out onto the stage. The crowd cheers for us, even though we haven’t started playing yet. That alone gives me a boost until I look out and see the size of the crowd. I swallow, afraid I’m going to be sick. I won’t let the stage fridge get to me. Besides, Nicole is out there, watching. For the sake of the band, I can do this.
The audience may be large, but I can handle being up here. I just hope we can please them with our music. I position myself upper stage right as Taylor sits at the drums, Jennifer takes upper stage left and Cody takes centre stage.
Cody looks back at us, nodding his head to let us know he is ready to start. The audience reaction was instantaneous. They sway and bob to the music. They like it. They like our music! My stage fright disappears, excitement replacing it with a smile on my lips. I look back at my friends. What will it be like if we become famous? This feeling is amazing!

“Just go,
You mean nothing to me any more
I’m not going to let you get to me
Get out of my head
You’re just a faded memory to me now
A faded memory that will never be a part of my life
I can’t believe I was blinded by your love
I could never say goodbye before
Now I know the real you
I can easily walk away
And let you become a faded memory...”

I scan the crowd, searching for Nicole. I want to see her face and see her having fun. My stomach flips when I spot her. She is standing in the third row in front of me, smiling up at me in a way that melts my insides.
We end the song and the audience continues to cheer loudly for us. I look over at Nicole and blow her a kiss. She returns it. I didn’t want to get off the stage. I want to keep playing. I will do anything for Nicole just so she can keep on smiling.
Joey walks onto the stage holding onto his microphone and an envelope which contains the winner. I stand beside my friends as we stand in a line next to Joey.
“Well, that was quite a performance, you guys,” Joey tells us. He then invites the other contestants onto the stage. “Thank you all for coming tonight, and thank you to everyone who performed. You all did a great job. But sadly there’s only one winner.” 
The hall fills with whispers of who should win the contest. I watch the judges nervously, wondering who they will choose. Surely they will choose us. They have to.
After ten minutes, one of the judges hands the envelope to Joey. The hall goes silent as everyone held their breaths. My friends and I hold hands, waiting to hear the words that will change our lives forever. I can feel it. We are going to win just like Nicole told us we would. We have to. I have been thinking when we do win, I will ask Nicole to come with us when we go on tour. There is no way I want to see her stay here with Jayden. At least when she is with me, there is always a smile on her face.
 “And the winner is... Tori Ball.”
My heart sinks in my chest. Even though I’m not really keen on winning a record deal, I’m still disappointed we didn’t win. Tori, the girl who won, had a great voice. I’m kind of glad she won.
My friends and I walk off the stage, along with the other contestants. We grab our belongings and head towards the exit just as Nicole joins us. She greets us, giving us all a hug, congratulating us on how well we played, and saying how sorry she is for not winning.
“I was so sure you were going to win,” she tells us.
“Yeah, I did too,” Cody replies. “I guess we aren’t good enough.”
“Cody, don’t talk like that,” Taylor says, putting a hand on his shoulder. “Even if we didn’t win, at least the crowd loved us. That’s the main thing.”
Cody nods. “Yeah, I guess.”
“And besides,” Jennifer replies, “this is our first contest. We didn’t win this one, but the next one we enter we will definitely win.”
Jennifer’s comment puts a smile on Cody’s face. “You’re right. I should just be happy we had entered this contest and that the audience enjoyed our music.”
We head back to my place, and make a bonfire on the beach just outside my house. Cody plays some chords on my acoustic guitar, singing a song he had written. We sit in a circle around the fire as we listen to him play. Nicole rests her head on my shoulder. I have an arm around her shoulder, playing with her hair, which hung loose around her shoulders. I wonder what shampoo she uses. Her hair is so soft.
Cody ends the song he is playing.
“What other songs can you play?” Nicole asks.
“Anything you want me to play,” Cody answers.
“I have an idea,” I say. “Why don’t you play something for us, Nicole?”
Nicole jerks her head up at me. “What? No, I can’t.”
“Of course you can,” Cody says, getting up and walking over to us to hand Nicole the guitar.
“But I don’t know how to play. I’m not musically gifted like you guys are. I don’t even know what the chords are.”
“That’s okay,” I say, taking the guitar from Cody. “I'll help you.”
Nicole is a little unsure about playing for us, but she finally agrees to allow me to help her. Cody sits back down next to Jennifer. She wraps her arms around his waist and rests her head on his shoulder, while Cody places his arm around her.
I hand Nicole the guitar, sitting down behind her so I can get closer to her. She puts the guitar in her lap. I put my hands over hers, guiding them over the guitar, making sure the notes plays perfectly and they do. I start playing the song I played on the day we first met. She glances at me when she recognises the song, smiling at me. I cannot stop the smile from appearing on my face. I am in love, and she is all I can think about.






















Chapter 20
~ Jayden ~

I know Nicole was lying the moment she said she wasn’t feeling well when we were at the restaurant. Mr Fletcher had taken her home while my parents and I stay behind to finish our dinner. She isn’t in her room by the time I get home. She isn’t anywhere in the house. I don’t know where she is, but something tells me she is with that stupid idiot Sean. She can try and lie to me, but eventually I will find out about her seeing him. And when I do, I’m going to make Sean sorry for even looking at her or for flirting with her, making her fall for him. Maybe I should really marry Nicole. When I do, she is going to be my slave and I won’t ever let her leave the house, not if she is going to meet other guys who will make her happy.
I sneak out of the room, and make my way to meet Kayla. She is meeting me here so we can go to a party she invited me to. Okay, well it isn’t really a party. It’s more of a get together with some of her friends.
I don’t have to wait too long for her. As soon as she arrives, I greet her by kissing her. When I release her, we walk along the beach. Three houses down to the left from where I’m staying, a group of teens are sitting around a bonfire. As I get closer, I recognise them as Sean’s friends. I see Sean there. I frown when I see Nicole sitting with them. She’s playing a guitar and Sean is sitting behind her, showing her how to play it. I clench my fist together at the sight of them. I hate seeing Nicole with someone else.
Wait a minute. Is that a smile on her face? She isn’t supposed to be happy. She is supposed to be miserable. That slut. I will teach her for disobeying me and for lying about her whereabouts. I knew she had been sneaking out to see Sean.
I hurry over to Nicole and Sean, trying to decide who I should bash first. Kayla walks faster, trying to keep up with me. Neither Nicole nor her new friends saw me heading towards them. They were too caught up in the song Sean is teaching Nicole to play.
I snatch the guitar out of her hands and throw it as far as I can before grabbing her wrist, yanking her off the sand. The smile on her face disappears and immediately I see the fear on her face. She should be afraid of me. 
“I thought I told you to stay away from that moron,” I tell her. I raise my hand and slap her across the face hard, knocking her flying to the sand.
“Jayden, what are you doing!” Kayla squeals.
I ignore her. I’m about to kick Nicole in the stomach when Sean stops me, and pushes me aside.
“Keep your hands off her,” he says to me.
Sean is about to hit me, but I beat him to it. I connect my fist with his mouth, knocking him flying to the sand as well. I chuckle and turn to Nicole. Kayla and Sean’s friends are beside Nicole, making sure she is okay. I grab Nicole’s wrist and start dragging her. She screams out in pain as I pull on her arm, begging me to let go of her.
Sean starts saying something in a language I don’t recognise. He yanks my hand away from Nicole.
I turn to face Sean. His lip is bleeding. Who does he think he is? Does he really think he could rescue Nicole? And why the hell is he trying to speak another language? Is he trying to impress Nicole by showing he can speak more than one language, hoping she would fall for him? What a freak. He has some nerve showing his face around here. But I think once I smash his head in, he isn’t going to be showing his face to anyone.
“What the hell did you just say?” I ask him.
He repeats his words again, still speaking in that stupid language.
“Speak English, you fool,” I tell him, barely letting him finished his sentence.
“Let go of her, you jerk,” he replies finally in English. “Don’t touch her ever again.”
I chuckle. “Do you really think I’m going to listen to you?”
“I mean it. Stay away from Nicole.”
I put my face to Sean’s. “Who do you think you are?”
“Who do you think you are?” he replies back. “Especially with the way you treat Nicole. She doesn’t deserve the things you do to her.”
“So you think you’re better than me?” I give Sean a shove.
“I’m not saying I am. I’m just saying Nicole deserves better. She doesn’t need to be pushed around by you and get forced to do things she doesn’t want to do.”
I frown at Sean. Stupid jerk thinks he can tell me how I should treat Nicole. I will treat her anyway I want. I don’t give a damn if I hurt her.
I throw a punch at Sean. Nicole stands there helplessly like she always does, not quite sure what to do. I guess she doesn’t believe me when I said I was going to hurt Sean, and that’s exactly what I’m going to do. It will teach her for not listening to me, and it will teach Sean for going anywhere near her. Sean punches me back. I’m about to throw another punch when Sean’s friends pulls him back. Some brunette girl stands by Nicole. I have no idea who she is, and I don’t care, but then Kayla stands in between us.
“Stop it please, Jayden,” Kayla tells me.
I stop, still keeping my eye on Sean. No matter what Kayla or anyone else says, I still want to pound Sean’s face in. Get him back for thinking he can just sweep Nicole off her feet with his charming looks. I’m going to make him regret ever meeting Nicole. Later I’m going to make Nicole regret for not listening to me.
“Jennifer, Kayla, take Nicole inside,” Sean’s friend with black hair says. “Taylor and I will help Sean deal with Jayden.”
I recognise the name Jennifer, remembering what Kayla had told me the other day. I stare at her. She is dressed in black jeans, a blue and black checked shirt with black converses. Her long hair hangs loose around her shoulders. She is in my opinion a sexy looking girl. I can understand why Sean has had a crush on her. I wonder if he still has a thing for her now that he is flirting with my fiancée.
“So you’re Jennifer,” I say. The girls stop walking and turn back to me. I glance at Sean, ready to cause a conflict between him and his friends. “You know Sean, I’m wondering why you’re with Nicole when you like Jennifer. Oh, that’s right. She’s taken, and let me get this right, by your best friend.”
Taylor and the black haired guy releases Sean, taking a step back from him.
“Sean, is this true?” Taylor asks him. “You have a crush on Jennifer?”
Sean doesn’t answer straight away. He turns to his cousin. “Kayla, you promised me you would never tell anyone about the feelings I had for Jennifer. Why were you discussing my personal life with Jayden? You don’t even know him.”
“I’m sorry, Sean,” Kayla apologises. “It just slipped out.”
Sean walks over to her. “It just slipped out? What do you mean it slipped out? You have kept the secret for six years. Did you just decide now to go ahead and tell a random stranger something I didn’t want anyone else to know besides you? Who else have you been telling my secrets to?”
“Nobody, Sean. I have only told Jayden.”
“You’ve liked Jennifer for six years and you never told me?” the black hair guy says.
I stand there with a smirk on my face, enjoying myself as I watch Kayla, Sean and his friends argue with each other. Maybe after they all finish arguing, they won’t have anything to do with Nicole. She will have to stay with me and she won’t be able to sneak out with Sean.
“I’m sorry, Cody,” Sean says. “I didn’t want to tell you because I didn’t want you to feel awkward around Jennifer or leave her.”
“Why? So you can go with her?”
“No.”
“Do you still have feelings for her? Have you kissed her?”
Sean goes silent, bowing his head in shame.
“Oh my goodness,” Cody says when Sean never responds. “You kissed her!”
“It was only once, Cody.”
“Once?! When?”
“It was sometime last week, when Nicole came over to my place to tell me she no longer wanted to see me. I don’t know what happened. I was upset about what happened between Nicole and me. I just lost control of myself and kissed her. I’m sorry, Cody.”
Cody doesn’t say anything. He holds up his fist and punches Sean. He does the same thing back. Taylor steps in between them, trying to get them to stop. Jennifer steps in also, trying to get her boyfriend to stop fighting with Sean.
“Cody, stop! Please!” she begs.
Cody lets go of Sean and turns to his girlfriend. “You kissed him! Why didn’t you tell me, Jennifer?”
“I’m sorry for not telling you, but Sean told me not to.”
“Do you have feelings for him?”
“No, I don’t Cody. You know the only guy I have feelings for is you.”
“Oh, yeah? How do I know that? How do I know you aren’t sneaking around behind my back?”
“Cody, I’m not!”
“You know what, Jen? Don't. I don’t want to hear your apologies. I can’t believe you would go ahead and betray me like that. We’re over, Jennifer.” He turns to Sean. “And you, we’re no longer friends.”
Cody turns and starts walking away. Jennifer follows him, tears flowing down her face.
“Cody, I said I’m sorry,” she cries. “Please don’t go. I love you.”
“It’s a bit too late to be saying that, Jennifer.”
Jennifer turns and storms over to me. She gives me a shove. “You jerk! How could you go ahead and say that, huh?”
“It’s not my fault you cheated on your boyfriend,” I tell her, giving her a smirk.
“I didn’t cheat on Cody. I would never do that to him. All I did was comfort Sean, telling him not to give up on Nicole. I know what he did was wrong, but you didn’t have to go and tell everyone about it. It’s bad enough Sean felt mortified when he did it. He didn’t mean to kiss me. He was just upset and wasn’t thinking straight.”
“Do you see me caring?”
Jennifer frowns at me. She went to slap me across my face, but I grab her hand before it could touch me. I twist her wrist. She winces at the pain, trying to pull away from him, which only makes me grip her tighter.
 “Try and slap me again,” I warn her, “I will hurt you.”
“Over my dead body,” I hear Cody say.
I turn just as Cody, Sean and Taylor walk over to me. Cody reaches me first tackling me to the ground like a football player. He punches me in the face. I feel Sean kick me in the side of the ribs. I ignore the pain and push Cody off me, punching him in his nose. His nose starts bleeding. I sit up and grab Sean’s ankle, pulling him to the ground. I’m about to go for Sean when Cody pulls me back.
Taylor and the girls pull us apart.
“Jayden, please, just stop it,” Nicole tells me.
I look at Sean and Cody. I laugh at them both, seeing the cuts on Sean’s lip and Cody’s nose. That will teach them for messing with me.
I don’t say anything to them. Instead I grab Nicole’s wrist, tightening my grip, and start dragging her towards home. Nicole struggles, trying to free herself.
“Let go of me, Jayden!” she cries.
“I’m not finished with you yet, Nicole,” I tell her. “You’re coming home with me so I can teach you a lesson for lying to me.”
“You heard her, Jayden,” Sean says, pulling my hand away from Nicole. “She said to let go. She isn’t going anywhere with you.”
I turn to Sean. I guess he still wants to fight, so I go to throw a punch at him, but Kayla grabs my arm, begging me to stop it. She starts pulling me away. I keep my eye on Sean as we walk away. He slips his hand into Nicole’s and I know he is trying to make me mad. I want to go back over there, but Kayla won’t allow me to.
“Why on earth did you do those things for?” Kayla demands when we get half way down the beach.
“I just don’t like seeing Nicole with that moron,” I tell her.
“Sean is not a moron. The only person who is a moron is you.” She pauses. After a short silence she resumes, “Jayden, who is Nicole to you? Is she your fiancée?”
I stand there, not answering her.
“I don’t believe it.” Kayla starts backing away from me. “You’re using me, aren’t you? That’s why you haven’t told me anything about being engaged. I stood up for you when Sean told me the things you do to Nicole. I thought he was making everything up just so I would break up with you.”
“Kayla, I’m not going to hurt you. I only hurt Nicole.”
“Why?”
I shrug. “I don’t like seeing her happy. She doesn’t deserve to be happy.”
Kayla stares at me. “You’re the most selfish jerk I have ever met. I can’t believe you would do those things. I thought you were nice, but you aren’t. I don’t know Nicole all that well, but I do know she is a nice person. She doesn’t deserve the things you do to her. No girl should have to go through what Nicole goes through.”
She turns away. I grab her arm, turning her around so she was facing me. I kiss her. She pushes me away, slapping me across the face.
“Don’t ever come anywhere near me again,” she replies. “And don’t even think about going down to the pier to see me. I do not want to see your face ever again.”
Without saying anything else, Kayla walks away. I don’t go after her. Instead, I look back over at where Sean and his friends are. Nicole and Sean are watching me. I clench my fists. I want to go back over there, but I don’t. Instead, I head home. I guess I’ll just have to wait until Nicole returns home. She may not want to return home now, but eventually she has too. And when she does, I’ll be ready for her. She will be sorry.










Chapter 21
~ Sean ~

Nicole turns to me once we can no longer see Jayden or Kayla. She rests a hand on my cheek. My face feels numb where Jayden has hit me. I flinch as her hand touches me.
“Sean, I’m so sorry,” she apologises, although she doesn’t really have a reason to. 
“Don’t be sorry, Nicole,” I tell her. “None of this is your fault.”
“Yes, it is Sean. I’m the reason why Jayden did this to you and Cody.”
“Please don’t blame yourself. I’m just glad he didn’t hurt you.”
Nicole gives me a half smile. “Thanks, Sean, for protecting me.” She wraps her arms around me, and pulls me into a hug.
I return the smile, proud of myself for protecting her from that horrible monster. Just like I promised her I would.
We turn and walk over to where Cody is sitting on the sand with Jennifer kneeling beside him. He has his head down, pinching his nose to stop the blood flow. His left hand is covered in his own blood. Taylor runs over to them with some tissues for Cody, which he had gotten from my house. He hands them to him.
“I’m so sorry, Cody,” Jennifer tells him. “I really didn’t mean to keep the kiss a secret from you. But I swear there is nothing between Sean and me.”
Cody doesn’t say anything. He wipes his nose and then leans over to kiss Jennifer. I smile at them, glad he had forgiven her. Now all I need is for him to forgive me for accidentally kissing his girlfriend. I can understand if he doesn’t forgive me, but he has to. I’m his best friend. Well, maybe not any more.
I walk over to him, holding Nicole’s hand. “Cody.”
He turns to me, covering his nose as the flow started again.
“I can understand if you don’t want to forgive me, but I’m sorry,” I resume. “I was just upset and I lost control of myself. I didn’t mean to kiss Jennifer. I promise I won’t ever do it again. And just so you know, she remained faithful to you. She pushed me away as soon as I kissed her.”
Cody stares at me for a moment and I wonder if he was going to accept my apology or not. He stands up and embraces me with one hand. “It’s okay. I forgive you, Sean.” He pulls away from me. “Why didn’t you tell me you liked Jennifer?” 
I tell him the same thing I had told Jennifer, about how I didn’t want him to leave her or make him feel awkward. He understands me. That’s what I like the most about Cody. He can never stay mad at you for long. Just as long as he knows you’re telling the truth and you aren’t going to do the same thing again, he will forgive you. But if the trust is broken a second time, he doesn’t forgive easily again. Cody doesn’t need to worry about me liking Jennifer anymore. It’s Nicole who I like now.
After apologising to each other, I suggest we call it a night. Taylor puts out the fire. We say goodnight. My friends walk towards the street, leaving Nicole and me alone on the beach.
“Sean, if it’s alright with you, I would like to stay with you tonight,” Nicole says to me. “I’m too afraid to go home, especially if Jayden’s there.”
I agree to let her stay with me. My parents won’t mind. I’m sure they won’t.
I grab my guitar and slip my hand into Nicole’s, leading her to my place. My parents were in the lounge room, asleep on the couch where they have been watching television. They both have a habit of falling asleep while watching television. I’m kind of glad they are asleep. I don’t want them to see me with a busted lip. I know what they will say. 
My sisters are in the kitchen, scooping some chocolate ice cream into their bowls. They look up at us when we walk in.
“Oh my goodness,” Sophie gasps.
Rachel walks over to me. “Sean, what happened?”
“Keep your voice down, Rach,” I say. “I don’t want Mum and Dad to know.”
Sophie joins us. “They’re going to find out tomorrow, you know.”
“I know.”
Rachel goes to rest a hand on my cheek and I wince when her hand touches me. “What happened, Sean?”
“I got into a fight,” I answer.
Sophie goes to the freezer, pulling out a bag of frozen peas. She hands it to me. “Here, put this on your eye. It’s swollen.”
I do what my sister tells me to do, placing the bag to my left eye. The cold immediately takes away the pain, numbing the area.
“Who did you get in a fight with?” Rachel wants to know.
“It was with my ex-fiancé,” Nicole explains. “He didn’t like seeing me with Sean. He tried to hit me and Sean stopped him.”
Sophie seems impressed. She gives me a small punch on my arm. “All right, bro.”
Rachel, on the other hand, isn’t impressed. She is more concerned than impressed. “Well, the main thing is that you’re okay.”
I tell my sisters I’m letting Nicole stay for the night. I take Nicole’s hand and lead her to the bathroom. I remove the bag from my eye, sneaking a glance at my face in the mirror. My lip is cut and a bruise is forming around my eye. Rachel is right. Even if I try to hide from my parents tonight, they are going to find out tomorrow morning.
I wash my mouth out, getting rid of the taste of salty blood. My lip starts bleeding again. I wipe it away with my hand.
“Sean, sit down,” Nicole tells me. 
I listen and put the toilet seat down, sitting on it. Nicole wets the cloth that is sat on the sink. She walks over to me, kneeling down and wiping away the blood.
“Does it hurt anywhere else?” she wants to know.
I answer no. The only pain I can feel is the bruise around my eye, and my lip feels numb.
“Thanks again for protecting me, Sean.”
I smile at her. “Didn’t you already thank me?”
“I think I did, but I want to thank you again.”
I reach out and touch her chin. We stare at each other for a minute before I lean forward half way she leans in the rest of the way. Nicole rests a hand on my jaw line just as our lips touch. I run my hands through her hair. Without breaking the kiss, I lift her up and sit her down on my lap. I kiss her deeper, sliding my hand under her shirt, roaming my hand up her side. She doesn’t seem to mind my hand being there. Nicole is the first to pull away, leaving ourselves breathless. I don’t think I have ever kissed anyone like this before.
“Ég elska þig, Sean,” she says.
I smile at her. “So, you're going to start saying things in Icelandic too, are you?”
“I might if you teach me some phrases. If you teach me, then at least I wouldn’t have to keep asking you what you’re saying all the time.”
“I can do that. Can you guess what I might be saying? Ég elska þig líka, Nicole.”
Nicole stares at me, trying to figure out what I had said. “I know you said ‘I love you’, but I’m not sure what the last word is.”
“I love you, too.”
Nicole smiles. “You don’t know how much it means to me to hear those words, especially in another language.”
I smile back. “Come on. Let’s go back to my room.”
Nicole gets up from my lap. I stand, grabbing the bag of peas, pressing it to my eye before leading Nicole to my room. She stands there in the centre, glancing around. My room is a mess, with some of my clothes scattered on the floor. Posters of my favourite bands and football teams cover my walls.
“It’s okay. It’s not as bad as Jayden’s room.”
“By the way, you can sleep in my bed. I’ll sleep on the floor.”
“There’s no reason for you to do that.”
“I’m fine, Nicole. I don’t mind sleeping on the floor.”
Nicole walks over to my bed and sits down. I join her, still pressing the bag against my eye.
“Your parents won’t freak if I sleep in your room, would they?” she asks.
“Maybe a little, but they should be okay with it. I think they will freak out if we were to try and do, you know.” Everything suddenly feels awkward when I mentioned that, even though I didn’t exactly say the word, but Nicole knew what I meant. “Um, you should probably tell your dad where you are.” I say, changing the subject. 
Nicole nods. “Yeah, I should. He doesn’t even know I had snuck out of the house. I may be in trouble for sneaking out.”
I rest my hand on hers. “Can you please tell your dad about Jayden?”
She doesn’t answer me straight away. She looks up at me. “Okay, I’ll tell him.”
I watch as Nicole takes out her phone from the pocket of her jeans, and dials her Dad’s number.
“Dad?... Dad, it’s me. I know you’re going to be mad at me for sneaking out, but I just want you to know I’m staying at Sean’s place tonight. There is also something I have to tell you.” She pauses, closing her eyes and takes a deep breath, exhaling it before continuing to speak. “I never actually told you the real reason why I broke up with Jayden. I broke up with him because he has been abusing me. I know I have lied so many times about the bruises I have gotten, but Jayden is the one who gave them to me.” She pauses again, tears streaming down her face. “The bruise I got around my eye, I didn’t get it by walking into a door. Jayden punched me.” 
I hear Mr Fletcher saying something, raising his voice. I’m not sure what he is saying exactly. Hopefully he isn’t mad at her.
“I’m sorry for not telling you, Dad. I wanted to tell you for so long, but I was scared. Jayden kept threatening me and saying he would hurt me if I said something. I told Sean, and when he found out I had told him, he tried to hurt me. I was lucky you and the Masons returned home otherwise he would have badly beaten me up. He… He had beaten Sean up not long ago. He is okay. He managed to get Jayden away… Okay, Dad. I will see you tomorrow. I love you. Goodnight.”
She hangs up.
“What did he say?” I want to know.
“He is going to talk to Jayden.” A smile spreads across her face. “He is kicking Jayden and his parents out tomorrow. He isn’t sure yet, but he is thinking of reporting him to the police for abusing me.”
I smile back at her, feeling a sudden release in my chest once the truth was finally told. “That’s great, Nicole! So, I guess we can officially be a couple tomorrow. We can be seen in public and we don’t have to worry about Jayden anymore.” 
“Yeah, I guess we would be.”
My heart leaps for joy at just at the thought of us becoming a couple, without being in the watchful eye of Jayden.
 “What are you doing tomorrow?” I ask her.
“I don’t know. I guess I have to go home and face Jayden. He is going to kill me for telling my dad. Although I don’t think he will try and do anything with my dad there.”
“Don’t go home tomorrow. Let’s go away. We can visit Sydney and spend the day together. It will be just us. Jayden won’t be here and by the time we return home, he will be gone.”
Nicole agrees we should do it. I can’t wait for tomorrow and to just see her smile permanently. She will never have to fake a smile or pretend to be happy again. She will be free of Jayden forever.
I’m glad she finally told her dad. She deserves so much better than being beaten up by some monster.







Chapter 22
~ Nicole ~

I slept well that night knowing my troubles with Jayden will end today. I can imagine Jayden’s face when my dad told him off for laying his hands on me. And his parents, I can just imagine them when they find out that their son isn’t so innocent like they think he is.
In the morning, I go home to get changed into a fresh set of clothes. 
I feel a little nervous as I head home, afraid of what will happen when I walk through the door. Half of my fear is that Jayden will do something horrible to me, but at the same time I know he wouldn’t do anything with our parents around. Well, I hope he doesn’t. He can change and take his anger out on me so quickly. I won’t worry too much since I know Jayden will probably be asleep.
No one is awake when I walk in. I tiptoe to my room.
“Nicole?”
I turn in the direction of the voice. Dad is sitting on the couch. He looks like he had been there all night.
“Dad, what are you doing out here?” I ask him, walking over to sit down beside him. “Where is Mr and Mrs Mason?”
 “Well, Lillian and Marco kicked me out of my room and made me sleep out here,” Dad explains. “They didn’t like it when I began accusing Jayden of the things he has done to you. They are sticking up for him and said there is no way he would hurt you like that.”
I glance down at the floor, feeling hurt that the Masons would rather believe their own son than believe me. “They probably don’t believe me because Jayden won’t hurt me when you guys are around.”
Dad puts an arm around me, pulling me closer to him. “I believe you, Nicole. I just wish you had told me sooner.”
“Like I told you last night, I wanted to tell you but I was scared.”
Dad kisses my head, rubbing my arm. “Well, after today you don’t have to worry about Jayden.”
“So what’s happening with the Masons?”
“They’re packing their things this morning and leaving in the afternoon. At the moment they aren’t talking to me so it’s most likely they won’t talk to you either.”
“I think I can live with that. Oh, Dad, I hope it’s okay, but I’m spending the day with Sean. I don’t want to be here until Jayden leaves.”
“That’s fine, sweetie. Is it okay that I ask you this now that I know about Jayden? I need to ask you this to make sure you’re safe. Has Sean ever done anything like this to you?”
I shake my head. “No, he doesn’t. He protected me from Jayden. He even encouraged me to tell you what Jayden has been doing.”
Dad smiles. “I’m glad he doesn’t. He seems like a great guy.”
I leave my dad and enter my room, being careful not to wake up Jayden who is fast asleep. I creep over to my chest of drawers. Opening the top drawer, I search for a clean t-shirt to wear. Suddenly the drawer is pushed close, jamming my fingers in between the cracks. I’m about to scream when Jayden cups his hand over my mouth. I squeeze my eyes shut and bite my lip, wanting to scream so badly. I open them again when Jayden speaks.
“You little bitch,” Jayden says. “What gives you the right to go ahead and tell your dad about me? I thought I told you not to tell anyone.”
He removes his hand from my mouth and opens the drawer so I can remove my fingers. I rub them, hoping it would ease the pain, but it doesn’t. I turn to face Jayden.
“I had to tell him,” I reply. “I couldn’t let you do this to me anymore.”
“I can do whatever I want with you.”
“If you touch me, I will call my dad in here.”
Jayden takes a step back. What a coward, I think to myself.
I grab my clothes and head to the bathroom to get changed. 
Once changed, I grab a blueberry muffin on my way out, wanting to leave before the Masons wake up. Sean waits for me at the front of his house. His sister Rachel drives us to the train station.
It takes us an hour to get to the city. We get off at Circular Quay and catch a ferry to Luna Park, which is a small amusement park on the other side of the Harbour Bridge. I have been there a couple of times with my dad.
We ride all of the rides and play every game stall. Sean even wins a giant pink teddy bear at the basketball shootouts, giving the bear to me. I thought it is sweet of him to do that. One of the things I enjoy the most at Luna Park is riding the Ferris wheel. When we get to the top we had a great view of the entire park and the harbour. Sean holds me tightly around my waist while I rest my head on his shoulder, enjoying the views and being together as our carriage goes up and around.
“Thanks for bringing me here, Sean,” I tell him. “It feels good to get away.”
Sean places his hand under my chin and makes me look up at him. “No worries. After today, it will be just you and me.”
I smile and lean over to kiss him.
After getting off the Ferris wheel, we head back to the ferry, returning to Circular Quay. We take a walk over to Darling Harbour. It’s around five when we get there. We decide to grab an ice cream before heading back to the station.
We stand on the platform of Town Hall Station, waiting for our train to arrive. Suddenly the teddy bear is snatch from me. Sean and I turn. Jayden stands there with Matt beside him. He rips the bear’s head off and throws it on the ground. My heart crushes in my chest. Why does he have to do this to me?
I squeeze Sean’s hand, afraid of what Jayden might do, especially with Matt here. There aren’t many people on the platform for the North Shore line. Without many witnesses, he can do whatever he wants to us. We have nowhere to go since we are backed into a corner between the stairs and a wall. 
“What are you doing here, Jayden?” I ask him. “Shouldn’t you be with your parents?”
“I should be, but Matt and I decided to follow you instead,” Jayden explains. “I heard you say to your dad you were spending the day with Sean, and I wanted to see what you two were getting up to.”
“What is it to you, anyway?” Sean replies. “It’s not like you even care about Nicole.”
Jayden puts his face right up to Sean’s. I thought he might spit in his face or say something nasty. Instead he punches him in the stomach without any warning. Sean clutches his stomach, wincing at the pain.
 “Sean!” I scream.
Sean goes to return the punch, but Jayden is quicker. He takes another swing at Sean, knocking him to the platform. I clench my fist together. I know why he is here. He is getting me back for telling my dad everything.
“Jayden, stop it!” I demand. I go to push him, but Matt stops me, wrapping his arms around me, holding me tightly.
“You know how I said I would hurt you if you ever tell anyone?” Jayden says to me. “Well, I have changed my mind. I’m going to hurt Sean instead.”
Sean grabs Jayden’s foot and is about to drag him to the ground when Jayden kicks him in the stomach with his other foot. I’m about to scream out to beg Jayden to stop when Matt places his hand over my mouth so no attention can be drawn to us. I watch in horror as my ex-fiancé beats up Sean. He doesn’t even give him a chance to defend himself.
I bite Matt’s hand and stomp on his foot. He releases me and I quickly rush over to Jayden before he can grab me again, pushing him off Sean.
“Just stop it, Jayden,” I say to him. “Just because you’re mad at me, doesn’t mean you can take your anger out on Sean.”
Matt curses. “Jayden, there’s a security guard.”
Jayden glances over at his shoulder where a security guard stands at the other end of the platform, glancing around to make sure no one is causing any trouble. He says something to Matt, whispering something to him so I don’t hear it. I can sense in his voice that he isn’t finished doing what he had started. He may have stopped because of security, but I know later he will move onto me once I’m alone with him. 
I kneel beside Sean who is trying to sit up, I help him. The cut on his lip from the previous night is bleeding again. I wipe the blood from his lip.
“Are you okay, Sean?” I ask.
Sean nods.
Jayden and Matt watch the security guard who soon moves away. At that moment the arrival of our train is announce over the speaker. I help Sean up just as the train roars through the tunnel. I stand there holding his hand, trying not to feel so scared or nervous with Jayden near me. He can’t hurt me now. Maybe not right now, but I know as soon as we reach Canary Bay I will be in deep trouble. 
The train pulls into the station. Sean and I head towards a carriage with Matt and Jayden behind us. The entire ride back to Canary Bay is awkward. No one spoke. In my mind, all I can think is what Jayden is going to do to me. 
The sun is setting when we reach Canary Bay. We catch a bus from the station to the beach. As soon as the bus drives away once we get off, Jayden turns to Sean, punching him in the face. We have not even taken one step after the bus leave and he starts his attack again.
“Don’t you dare follow us, you moron,” Jayden threatens Sean.
“Don’t even think about laying a finger on her,” Sean warns.
“What are you going to do about it?”
“I will come after you.”
Jayden laughs, punching Sean in his jaw. He takes a swing at Jayden, but barely gets to touch him has his wrist is grab and twisted. He tries not to show that he is in pain in front of me, but I know how much Jayden is hurting him. Sean may have not been strong with his left arm, but he punches Jayden the best he can with it. He strikes him in the jaw. Jayden releases Sean and knocks him flying to the ground.
“Yeah, I’d like to see you come after me,” Jayden replies. “Now, I’m going to take Nicole home and you’re not going to follow us, you hear me?”
Sean doesn’t say anything. Jayden and Matt grab my arms and drag me, making me walk with them. I glance back at Sean, wanting to run back to him, but there is no way I can free myself from their grip. Their fingernails are digging into my skin, holding onto me tightly. Sean has gotten off the ground and is watching me, keeping an eye on me just in case Jayden or Matt tries to do anything.
Jayden doesn’t do anything to me, thank goodness. He just drags me home. Just before we go inside, he tells Matt he will meet up with him down at the pier. Jayden is going to sneak out later so he doesn’t have to leave with his parents.
We walk inside and find the Masons sitting on the couch, and Dad in the kitchen, sipping his coffee. Jayden’s parents stand up from the couch.
“Where have you been, Jayden?” Mr Mason yells. “Have you forgotten that we’re leaving this afternoon?”
“I’m aware,” Jayden replies.
“Did you even pack your things this morning?” Mrs Mason asks.
“No, I went looking for Nicole.”
Dad puts his mug down and walks over to Jayden. “I thought I told you to keep away from my daughter?”
“Reilly, don’t you dare talk to my son like that,” Mr Mason says. “Jayden, get your things so we can leave.”
Jayden walks towards my room. Our parents don’t say anything else to each other. Mr Mason goes to sit back down with his wife as Dad turns to me.
“He didn’t touch you, did he?” Dad lowers his voice so the Masons can’t hear him.
I shake my head. “No, he didn’t, but he did beat up Sean.”
“Right, after the Masons leave, you and I are going down to the police station to file a report. You can even ask Sean to come with us.”
I agree to do that. I walk away from Dad and head towards the bathroom without making any eye contact with the Masons. I’m about to enter the bathroom when I’m suddenly grab from behind and a hand cups over my mouth. Jayden pulls me into my room, closing the door and throws me up against the wall.
“You’re so going to pay for telling your dad on me, bitch,” he threatens.
“I know you told me not to tell anyone, Jayden, but I couldn’t let you do this to me anymore.”
“Who told you to tell on me? I bet it was Sean, wasn’t it?”
“No, it wasn’t. It was my idea to do it.”
Jayden slaps me hard across the face. The left side of my cheek burns from the contact.
 “Please don’t do this, Jayden. I will do anything if you just leave me alone.”
“It’s a little too late for that now, isn’t it?”
I don’t say anything. I just push him away and reach for the door knob, but Jayden stops me, blocking my path.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Jayden demands to know.
“I wanna go outside.”
“Why? So you can tell your daddy what I am doing to you?”
“No, I promise I won’t tell my dad anything. I just want to go outside.”
“And I want you to stay here with me.”
Jayden locks the door. He turns back to me, giving me a smirk. My pulse races. What is he going to do to me? No one can help me. I’m on my own, even if I wish Sean is here with me right now. Jayden pushes me up against the wall and leans forward, crushing his body against mine so I can’t move, placing his lips on mine. I don’t return the kiss. He slips a hand under my shirt and rubs it up my side. He attempts to pull my shirt off, but I manage to push him off before he can go any further, shoving him into the cupboard behind him. The cupboard rocks back and forward, a few books and a dolphin figurine falls off the shelf, smashing to pieces when it lands on the carpet.
“Jayden? Nicole?” I hear Mrs Mason say. “Is everything alright in there?”
I want to go out the door, but there is no way I can get out of it with Jayden standing there. I make a run for it, running over to the window. It’s already open and I climb through. Jayden grabs my ankle, trying to pull me back in by my leg. I managed to push him off and quickly climb through with the other leg before Jayden gets the chance to grab me again. He follows me out, running after me. I run towards the front door. He catches up with me before I get the chance to open the door, tackling me to the ground. Pain shot through my shoulder as I hit the floorboard hard.
“Don’t make me hurt you, Nicole,” he says. “And this time when I do, your boyfriend Sean isn’t going to be here to save you.”
His strength is too strong for me to push him off, so I kick him in his crotch with my knee. He rolls off me, crying out, and lies flat on his back beside me. I get up and run, heading towards the beach. I glance back and see my dad walking outside. He calls out to me, but I keep running. I have to get as far away as I can from Jayden. I don’t want to go back home until I’m sure he isn’t around to harm me.
























Chapter 23
~ Sean ~

I take my time walking home. Every part of my body aches from Jayden’s beating, but right now I’m not concerned about my injuries. I’m more worried about Nicole. I hope Jayden is just going to take her home and isn’t going to do anything to her. I know when they do get home Jayden might not harm her, but I’m still worried. Anything can happen.
I walk inside, hoping I can sneak to my room without my parents seeing me. They still haven’t seen the bruise around my eye yet, since I left the house early this morning before they had any chance to ask questions. I know they still will, but I don’t want them to panic over it. How can I avoid being seen, I wasn’t quite sure yet. I know they are bound to find out sooner or later.
Sam runs over to greet me. I kneel down to pat her.
“Sean, is that you?” I hear Mum calling from the kitchen.
“Yeah, it’s me.”
“Dinner is on the table.”
I don’t really want to join my family for dinner. I tell them I will be there in a second, and sneak off to my sisters’ room to use their make-up to cover up the bruise. I’m not sure how to disguise my lip. If I do cover up the bruise, Mum and my sisters will notice I’m wearing foundation. Like Rachel said last night, my parents will find out one way or another.
I walk into the kitchen with Sam trailing behind me, preparing myself for my parents’ reaction. Mum is the first to look my way and when she does, she gasps. 
“Sean! What happened to you?” 
My entire family are now looking at me. Rachel and Sophie don’t say anything since they already know what had happened, although they don’t know about this afternoon.
“Nothing happened,” I say, not wanting to explain anything to them. I walk over to the counter and grab my dinner Mum had left out for me. She has cooked spaghetti. I put it in the microwave, setting it on for two minutes.
“It doesn’t look like nothing happened,” Dad says. “It looks like you’ve been beaten up.”
I don’t say anything.
“Sean, is there something going on that we should know about?” Mum asks.
I continue to ignore my mother.
“Sean, answer your mother and me when we’re talking to you,” Dad says. “Did you get into a fight with someone?”
“It’s nothing,” I tell them, but I know they aren’t going to stop pestering me until I tell them the truth, but I’m afraid to tell them. They might forbid me from seeing Nicole just in case I get into another fight with Jayden.
The microwave beeps, letting me know it has finished heating up my food. I take it out and sit down next to Sophie, digging at my food with my fork and stuffing as much as I could in my mouth as I could to avoid talking.
 “Sean, you need to tell us what happened,” Dad continues. “Disguising your bruise with foundation isn’t going to make us think that everything is okay.”
I don’t need to tell you anything, I want to say.
I feel my phone vibrating in my pocket. I quickly reach for it, ignoring my parents’ rule about answering the phone while eating dinner. I don’t care about it. I just want to know who is texting me, in case it’s Nicole.
And it is Nicole.
“Sean, you know the rules,” Mum says. “No phones at the table.”
“I know, but it’s important,” I answer.
“Sean, listen to your mother.”
I ignore both of my parents and answer the message.

HE HIT ME AGAIN! MY DAD HAS STOPPED HIM, BUT I’M AFRAID HE IS GOING TO COME AFTER ME AGAIN. I’M HEADING DOWN TO THE PIER TO HIDE. PLEASE MEET ME THERE. I’M SCARED SEAN.

“Sean, are you listening?” I sense the anger in my dad’s voice and know he is getting ready to yell.
I stand up from the table. “I have to go.”
My parents ask me where I’m going, but I ignore them, walking out the back door. I hear Dad’s chair scraping across the tile floor and know he is coming after me. I run down the steps, running across the sand towards the pier, hoping he isn’t going to catch me. I get half way down the beach and turn to see if Dad is chasing me. He isn’t. I look up ahead, hoping to see Nicole walking along the beach, but I can’t see anything in the dark. Continuing to run without stopping to catch my breath, I stroll down my contact list for Cody’s name and select it. It dials.
 “Cody, I need… you to call… Taylor and Jennifer… for me,” I panted. “I need you… three to meet… me down at… the pier.”
 “Why? Sean, what’s happening? Are you running?” 
I quickly explain to him about the text message Nicole sent me. I even tell him how worried I am that something bad might happen if Jayden finds her. I want my friends there just in case I need back up. Cody promises me he will call the others and then meet down at the pier.
I hang up, stopping only for a minute to place my phone in my pocket, and then continue the run. Hopefully I can reach Nicole before Jayden does.



















Chapter 24
~ Nicole ~

I walk up the steps of the pier, looking over my shoulder to make sure Jayden isn’t following. He isn’t, but I know he probably isn’t far behind. I sit down on a bench to catch my breath, keeping an eye out for Sean. I’m hoping he will be here soon. I just know he is. He will protect me from Jayden.
“Where’s Jayden?”
I look up as my heart tries to leap out of me, trapping itself in my throat. Matt is standing beside me, smoking a cigarette. He drops the butt on the ground and puts it out with his foot. I had forgotten he was meeting Jayden down here.
I stand up from the bench. “I don’t know. I lost him on my way here.”
“Matt!”
This time my heart completely stops. Jayden walks towards us. He has a smirk on his face when he sees me with Matt.
“Hey, Jay,” he says. “Did you have trouble escaping?”
“I did. Mr Fletcher tried to stop me, but I managed to ditch him. I hid from him when he came looking for me.”
“What do you think he is going to do to you when he does find you?”
“That dumb moron isn’t going to do anything, because he isn’t going to find me. He probably gave up anyway.”
It hurts me to hear him say those things about my dad. I know him. He wouldn’t just quit. He will find me, protecting me from this horrible monster who I thought had always loved me. 
 “No, he wouldn’t. My dad won’t stop looking for you. He will find you and make sure you don’t ever lay a finger on me again.”
Jayden turns to me. I step backwards as he and Matt takes steps forward. Sean, Dad, where are you?
“Is that so, Nicole?” he asks me, chuckling. “Well, where is your dad? I don’t see him anywhere.”
I turn and start running to the end of the pier. I stop when I reach the end. I don’t know what to do or where to go. I realise my mistake about coming here. I should have gone back to the house. I should have gone back when Dad called out to me. I should have hidden at Sean’s. Anywhere but here.
“Forget about running, Nicole,” Jayden tells me. “There is nowhere to run.”
I stand there, terrified, knowing Jayden can do anything and no one will ever know. No one is around to hear me scream.
“Please just leave me alone, Jayden,” I beg. “Look, I’m sorry for telling on you, but I just couldn’t let you continue to do the things you were doing to me. It isn’t right, Jayden.”
Jayden steps forward. I press my back up against the railing behind me as he moves closer to me. He raises his hand to hit me, but stops when someone screams out in a foreign language. I recognise the voice straight away. I glance over Jayden’s shoulder and smile. I see Sean running towards us. I have no idea what he said, but I have an idea of what he might be saying, telling Jayden to leave me alone. He gets at least a metre from us when Matt grabs him, holding him back so he can’t reach me. He struggles to free himself as Matt tightens his grip around him.
“Sean!” I scream, pushing Jayden out of the way and attempt to run over to him as Jayden grabs me around the waist so I can’t go anywhere. 
“Where do you think you’re going, Nicole?” he asks me.
Sean says something in Icelandic.
“Speak English, you twit,” Jayden tells him.
“I said, leave her alone! Let her go, Jayden,” Sean translates.
Jayden laughs. “Do you really think I’m going to listen to you, especially when you stole my fiancée?”
“I didn’t steal her. She came to me. Nicole chose to be with me.”
“Is that so? Well, I’m telling you to get lost and mind your own business.”
“Nei.”
“What did you say?”
“No! I’m not going to mind my own business.”
Jayden releases me and walks over to Sean. He punches him in the stomach. I cry out to Sean, running over to Jayden to pull him away, begging him not to hurt Sean. He pushes me to the ground.
“Shut up, you slut,” he says to me.
He is about to strike me, but Sean stops him.
“Don’t you dare touch her, Jayden,” Sean warns. Jayden turns to face him. “Instead of hitting Nicole, hit me. She doesn’t deserve to be treated like this, getting mistreated just because she does something wrong or because her fiancé is a jerk.”
Jayden doesn’t like the things Sean said to him. He stands in front of him, clenching his fist.
“So you think you’re a better boyfriend than I am?” he questions.
“Well, at least I don’t go around hitting Nicole. It’s wrong to hit her.”
Jayden held up his fist and punches Sean.
“Stop it, Jayden,” I tell him.
He turns to me, giving me a sneaky smirk. I know he is up to something. I’m too afraid to know what it is.
He grabs my arm, yanking me off the ground. He turns to Sean. “So Sean, do you think you can come over here to rescue Nicole from me?”
“Yes, I can.”
“Well, let’s see if you can rescue her when I do this.”
Jayden pulls me along to the end of the pier. I struggle to free myself and each time I do, Jayden tightens his grip. I’m terrified he is going to break my wrist. He lifts me off the ground.
“Put me down, Jayden!” I scream as I struggle to free myself. “Sean, help!”
Sean stamps his foot down hard on Matt’s foot. Matt yelps and releases Sean from his grip. He runs towards me, but doesn’t get far before Matt grabs him again.
Jayden sits me down on the railing. Tears fill my eyes.
“Whatever you’re thinking of doing, please don’t do it, Jayden,” I beg him.
Jayden doesn’t say anything. He just smirks and places his hands on my chest, pushing me. I grab hold of the railing for balance. He removes my hands and pushes me once again. This time I am unable to grab anything for balance.
“Nicole!” Sean screams.
I scream as I go over the edge, panicking, as I can’t grab onto anything. I hit the water hard. It’s dark beneath the water. I can’t see a thing. I can’t hear, only feel the vibration of the waves as they crash into shore, pushing me around like I’m inside a washing machine.
I make my way to the surface to breathe, but I can’t. I’m stuck. I look down to try and see what is stopping me, but I can’t see in the darkness. I think my anklet is caught on something. I struggle to free my foot, but I can’t get it free. I begin to panic, afraid I’m not going to reach the surface in time.
Chapter 25
~ Sean ~

“Let go of me!” I scream at Matt, but he won’t listen to me. He holds onto me more tightly so I can’t free myself.
“Why?” Jayden says, turning to me. “So you can save Nicole. She can swim you know, it’s not like she needs to be save.”
I narrow my eyes at him, clenching my fist. I don’t think I have ever felt so angry in my life. I’m going to kill Jayden. What kind of heartless person is he?
“She could be hurt, Jayden,” I tell him. 
Jayden walks over to me. “She isn’t hurt. She just wants to be hurt so you can jump in and rescue her.” He stands in front of me. I’m sure he is going to punch me again.
“For crying out loud, Jayden,” I say through my teeth, trying to control my anger. He is lucky Matt is holding me back otherwise, I would be all over Jayden right now. “Let me go.”
“Let him go!”
Someone pulls me away from Matt. I look up to see Mr Fletcher, holding onto a flash light. He must have been looking for Nicole. As soon as Jayden lays eyes on Nicole’s father, his personality changes. He is no longer tough in front of him.
Mr Fletcher grabs Jayden by his shoulders. “Where is Nicole, Jayden?”
Jayden doesn’t say anything.
“You better tell me where my daughter is, and you better not have touched her.”
I run to the end of the pier, leaning on the railing and looking down at the water. I can’t see Nicole at all. I call for her, but there is no answer from her. Fear rushes over me. What if something horrible has happened to her?
Mr Fletcher runs over to me. “Where’s Nicole, Sean?”
“She’s somewhere down there. Jayden threw her in. I don’t think she has resurfaced yet.”
Mr Fletcher starts climbing over the railing, but I stop him. I tell him I’m going to jump in and find her.
“She’s my daughter, Sean,” he says.
“I know, but I can do this.”
Mr Fletcher looks over in Matt and Jayden’s direction. The two of them are starting to walk away. He turns to me, handing me his torch. “Find her, Sean.” He runs after Jayden. “Jayden, Matt, get back here!”
I climb over the railing and jump into the water. I hold my breath as I search for Nicole. The waves push me back and forth. I’m glad Mr Fletcher has brought a torch with him. I shine the torch around, I can’t see her, and then, finally I spot her. She is struggling to stay afloat, and I see her slip under the water. I swim over to her, holding my breath. Bring her to the surface, but she gurgles that she’s stuck. I shine the light on her ankle, and I see that her anklet is caught on a piece of chicken wire.
I tug on it, freeing it from the wire, wrapping my arm around Nicole and quickly resurface before I pass out myself.

















Chapter 26
~ Jayden ~

Matt and I make a run for it, but we don’t get very far. Mr Fletcher catches up to us, grabbing onto the back of our shirts. He lets go of Matt, yells at him not to leave. He then grabs me by the shoulders. I’m normally not frightened of Nicole’s dad. He has always been calm and friendly, he rarely ever gets angry, but tonight is a different story. He looks like he wants to kill me.
“What did you do to Nicole, Jayden?” he demands to know.
“Well, like Sean said, I threw her in the water,” I say, finally finding my voice. 
“What gives you the right to do the things you have done to my daughter?”
I let a smirk cross my face. “She is a slut. She deserves everything I have done to her.”
Reilly tightens the grip on my shoulders. Totally unaware of what he is going to do to me, he slams me into the light pole behind me. I bang my head against it. Pain throbs behind my head. I’m sure I will get a lump later.
“Don’t you dare speak that way about my daughter,” Mr Fletcher screams at me. “She’s not a slut.”
“Oh yeah?” I reply, still unable to remove the smirk from my face, ignoring the pounding pain at the back of my head. Although I’m scared of Mr Fletcher, I still enjoying making him mad. “If she isn’t a slut, then why did she cheat on me?”
 “She didn’t cheat on you, Jayden. Nicole told me you guys stopped seeing each other. You know, if I knew the way you treated her, I would have made Nicole end your relationship a long time ago. Real or fake, I wouldn’t have let her suffer the things you have done to her.”
“HELP!”
We hear screaming coming from under the pier. It’s Sean. He sounds like he is in trouble or something. He’s probably drowning. I cannot help but wonder what Nicole is doing.
“Sean!” another voice screams. I recognise the voice as one of Sean’s friends. I think it is Cody.
I glance over my shoulder. I see Sean’s friends running across the beach and under the pier. Mr Fletcher grabs my arm and Matt’s, dragging us along as he hurries to see what is going on. Sean’s friends are under the pier. Jennifer is crying into Cody’s shoulders. What a baby. I’m sure there is no reason to cry over whatever has happened. Cody is trying to comfort his girlfriend while Taylor is on the phone, calling for an ambulance. Sean is kneeling down on the sand beside Nicole, doing CPR on her.
“Come on, Nicole,” he begs. “Open your eyes, please!”
Mr Fletcher releases Matt and me, running the rest of the way over to Nicole’s lifeless body. Although Matt and I don’t really care, we run over to them to see what is happening. Nicole lies on the sand unconscious. All I did is throw her in the water. She wasn’t supposed to drown. I’m sure she knows how to swim. Maybe she is faking the whole thing. She is probably faking it so Sean can save her. Bitch.
“What happened?” Mr Fletcher wants to know.
Tears flow down Sean’s face. His hands are over Nicole’s chest, pressing them up and down to try and get her heart pumping again. He chokes out, “Her anklet was caught on a piece of chicken wire under the water.”
Mr Fletcher kneels down beside his daughter. He softly slaps Nicole’s cheek, hoping it would get her to wake up. “Come on, Nicole. Open your eyes please, baby. If you can’t open your eyes then say or move something so we know you’re alive.”
Matt and I stand there helplessly. There isn’t really anything for us to do. Anyway, it’s not like I really care about what is happening to Nicole. I’m enjoying it. I want to laugh at them. 
They both thought they could out smart me by sneaking around to see each other, without me knowing. They thought they could tell on me to Nicole’s dad, and because she never listens to me when I tell her not to tell anyone how I treat her, this is her punishment. I warned her I would hurt her and she chose to ignore my warnings. Still, I didn’t expect her to drown. Oh well, I guess Sean didn’t do a good enough job trying to save her.
Taylor hangs up his phone and turns to us. “The ambulance is on the way. How’s Nicole?”
“She... she...”
“She hasn’t responded to anything,” Mr Fletcher answers for Sean.
“Please tell me she is going to be alright,” Jennifer says.
“She is going to be alright, Jen,” Cody says, still cuddling her while she continues to cry into his chest.
“Sean, do you have any idea how long she has been underwater for?” Mr Fletcher wants to know.
Sean shakes his head. “I don’t know. Jayden and Matt wouldn’t let me jump in after her. She might have been under there for five, maybe more. I really don’t know.”
Mr Fletcher looks over at me, shooting me a death stare that clearly shows I’m going to be in so much trouble later. Although, I don’t see why this is my fault. It’s not my fault she drowned. All I did was push her into the water. I didn’t do anything else.
Mr Fletcher turns back to his daughter, trying to get her to wake up while Sean continues to do CPR. I don’t know why he is even still trying. Can’t he see that Nicole isn’t responding and no matter what he does, she isn’t going to regain consciousness again? She is dead. Or does he still think he can be Nicole’s hero and revive her?
Taylor kneels down beside Nicole, putting two fingers on her neck. “There’s still no pulse, Sean.”
“Don’t say that,” Sean cries. “There is a pulse. I know there is. She can’t die. Come on, Nicole. Open your eyes, please!”
Cody lets go of Jennifer and tries to pull Sean away from Nicole. “Sean, let her go. She is gone.”
He says something in a foreign language. What’s with him and speaking this language? He can stop trying to impress Nicole with his ability to speak another language. She is dead.
 “Sean, I know you’re upset, but please speak English,” Cody says.
“No, she’s not dead,” he translates. “I can revive her. I have to!”
“Nicole, come on.” Mr Fletcher looks at Sean. “Let me have a go.”
Sean doesn’t want to let go. Cody has to pull him away. Mr Fletcher tries to revive her. Sean sits beside her, holding her hand and kissing it, begging her to revive.
We soon hear the siren from the ambulance in the distance. Paramedics come rushing over. Mr Fletcher moves aside so the paramedics can take over. With everything happening, no one is paying much attention to us, so Matt and I decide to make a run for it. There is no use standing here waiting, hoping my dead fiancée would come back to life. Let’s face it. She is dead. No one is going to save her. I don’t know why they are still trying to revive her. And frankly, I don’t give a damn that she is dead.




Chapter 27
~ Sean ~

I move aside so the paramedics can take over. I stand beside my friends, silently praying to myself that Nicole will make it through. She has to. She doesn’t deserve to die. The only person who should be dead is Jayden. I hope someday he will rot in hell for what he has done to Nicole. A person like him just doesn’t deserve to live. I wonder if he feels guilty at all, for what he has done.
I look around for Jayden, ready to pound his face in if Nicole doesn’t make it, but he and Matt are nowhere to be seen. They have disappeared. What a coward. He is probably too afraid to face the consequences of what lies ahead, whether or not Nicole survives.
My attention is suddenly taken away from Jayden when I hear someone coughing and gasping for air. I turn around to see Nicole coughing up the salt water she has swallowed.
“Nicole?” Mr Fletcher says to his daughter, kneeling down beside her.
“Dad?” she croaks.
My heart leaps for joy when I hear her speak, even if it isn’t my name she says first. I quickly rush over to her as Mr Fletcher sits her up, hugging her tightly. “Thank goodness you’re alright, Nicole. I don’t know what I would ever do if I had lost you.”
“Nicole!”
She looks up at me, smiles, holding her arms out so I can give her a hug. It feels good to be in her arms.
“Thank you for saving me, Sean,” she says.
I don’t say anything. I just cup my hands around Nicole’s face and kiss her. Her lips taste like salt water, but I really don’t care what they taste like. I’m just relieved nothing bad has happen to her. I seriously don’t know what I would have done if she didn’t survive. I don’t want to let go of her. I’m afraid to let go just in case something else happens. I don’t want to lose her a second time.
Nicole suddenly pulls away from me, looking worried. “Where’s Jayden?”
A paramedic helps Nicole up and lies her down on a stretcher.
“Jayden took off with Matt,” I answer.
“He what?” Mr Fletcher looks around him. “That son of a…” he says the last word quietly to himself.
“Welcome back to the world, Nicole,” Taylor says.
“I was so worried you weren’t going to make it,” Jennifer replies. “I felt so helpless. I didn’t know what to do.” She began to cry again. Cody pulls her into a hug.
The paramedics pick up the stretcher and walk back to the ambulance. We walk alongside her.
“Sean, what happened after Jayden pushed me into the water?” Nicole wants to know.
I explain to her what Jayden and Matt did to me, stopping me from jumping in after her.
She smiles at me. “I’m glad you were there, Sean.”
The paramedics put Nicole in the back of the ambulance. One of the paramedics turns to us, asking who is family and who isn’t, saying only family could ride in the back of the ambulance with Nicole. Mr Fletcher turns down the offer of riding in the back with his daughter. He says he has to do something and is going to the hospital later.
Me, on the other hand, I’m not sure if I want to see Nicole in hospital. I’m still pretty shaken up and all I want to do is find Jayden and beat him up. I want to give him a taste of his own medicine, see if he likes the idea of being beaten up.
Maybe I should go see her. She will really appreciate it if I came.
The ambulance drives away, leaving us standing on the side of the road.
“Are you going to the hospital, Sean?” Cody asks me.
I nod. “Yeah, I’m going to go. I just have to head home first to tell my parents where I’m going, so they don’t worry about me. I kind of freaked them out earlier when I returned home and they saw the bruises Jayden had given me yesterday. I also ran out of the house without telling them where I was going.”
“I will take you,” he offers.
“I will come too,” Taylor says. 
“Me three,” Jennifer says as she wipes her eyes.
I smile at my friends, glad I won’t be alone at the hospital. I don’t feel comfortable going there. I haven’t been in a hospital since my grandfather passed away two years ago from cancer. I find hospitals scary. My parents had to take time off from work so we could return to Australia to be beside him. He died three days after we arrived. It was tiring just hanging around the hospital, especially when we knew he could pass away any day, but at least this time when I go there, I know Nicole is going to be fine.
“Sean, before you go, could I please talk to you?” Mr Fletcher asks me.
My friends decide to meet me back at my place. I turn to Nicole’s father once they have walked away.
“I want to thank you, Sean, for being there for Nicole,” he says once my friends are out of earshot. “If you weren’t there, well, I don’t really want to know what could have happened if you weren’t there.”
“You’re welcome, Mr Fletcher. I was lucky she texted me, otherwise I wouldn’t have known she was down here.”
“I wish I came down to the pier first rather than scanning the other side of the beach. I didn’t know where to look. She took off and I forced Jayden back inside. I left to look for Nicole, and then I came down here to find that he had escaped.” He pulls me into a hug. “I’m glad Nicole met you. I just wish she had met you earlier.”
I smile, knowing after tonight Nicole and I can finally be together without Jayden stopping us. And even though Mr Fletcher hasn’t known me for long, I’m glad he can trust me with his daughter, knowing I will never touch her like Jayden did.
And if I did something like that, I wouldn’t be able to forgive myself.
















Chapter 28
~ Nicole ~

Sean and his friends arrive at the hospital shortly after I was admitted. I’m glad to see them here. I expected to see Dad with them, but he wasn’t. Sean’s friends don’t stay long. I have no idea what time it is, but Jennifer has to get home before her curfew. Taylor and Cody leave with her. Sean stays. I am glad he does. At least I have someone to talk to while I wait for Dad to arrive. I hope he doesn’t take too long to get here.
Sean sat in a chair beside me, holding my hand.
“I want to thank you again for saving me,” I say to him.
A smile spreads across his face. “You have already thanked me. How many times do you have to say thank you?”
“I’m going to thank you every day for the rest of my life. It makes me feel great, that I have someone like you to be always there for me.”
Sean rubs his thumb in circles on my hand. “And I’m glad to meet someone special like you.”
I smile back at him just as the doctor enters my room.
“How are you feeling now, Nicole?” he asks me.
“I’m okay,” I tell him. “I just feel a bit tired.”
He smiles at me. “I’m glad you’re feeling better. Just make sure you get plenty of rest once your friend leaves. You will be able to leave tomorrow.” He turns to Sean. “I will let you stay a little longer, just not too long, okay?”
Sean promises he won’t.
A few minutes after the doctor walks out, Dad walks in with two men who look like they could be detectives, as they are dressed in black suits.
 The one with reddish-blond hair steps forward, “Nicole, I’m Detective Callum. This is my partner, Detective Willows,” he says, indicating to the shorter man beside him. “I understand that you’re a victim of domestic violence.”
I nod. “That’s correct.”
My Dad walks over to me, and wraps his arms around me, hugging me.
Detective Callum glances over at Sean. He is probably looking at the bruise around his eye and the cut on his lip. “Did you get into a fight?”
“Yes,” Sean nods. “I was trying to protect Nicole.”
“Okay, well I would like to have a word with you later. In the meantime, my partner and I would like to have a word with Nicole alone.”
Dad and Sean walk out of the room. I couldn’t make any eye contact with the detectives at all. I shouldn’t feel nervous around them. They are here to question me about, Jayden. I was worried what they really thought of me, and wondered if they think I’m a total disgrace for allowing Jayden to get away with this crime. I imagine the questions they are going to fire at me, like ‘why didn’t you tell someone sooner’ or ‘why did you allow him to do this to you’.
 “How long has Jayden Mason been hitting you?” Detective Callum asks me.
I feel a shame. I couldn’t even look at them. I can’t believe I’d let Jayden get away with this for so long. I blink back tears as they begin to fall. Flashbacks of him striking me race through my mind. I force myself to look at the detectives. “He has been hurting me close to four years now.”
 “Do you have any idea why he would want to hurt you?”
“Not really, but he says I deserve it. He started abusing me when we were fifteen, just shortly after he and his friend Matt got into drugs.”
“Can you tell us what happened to your friend out there?” Detective Willows asks. “Was he in a fight with Jayden or with you?”
I explained what happened last night and this afternoon. I don’t tell him what happened to Cody or with any of Sean’s friends. I didn’t want his friends to be too involved with this mess. 
“Has Jayden ever attempted to hurt anyone else or does he only hurt you?”
I think about last night, how he almost hit Jennifer. Last night he was angry and I guess that’s why he almost lashed out at her. Or maybe he wasn’t angry. Maybe he was doing it to get attention.
“I don’t know,” I reply. “I have never really seen him act violent around anyone except me.”
“Your dad was telling us that you have multiple bruises caused by Jayden,” Detective Callum replies.
“Yes, I do.”
“Nicole, when you’re discharged from the hospital, we would like you to come down to the station so we can take pictures of your bruises to use as evidence.”
I hug myself, feeling uncomfortable and unsure with the idea of the officers taking pictures of my naked body. I knew I will have to do it in order to prove that Jayden was guilty. I answer okay. 
 “Nicole, is there a reason why you never came to the police sooner?” Detective Willows asks.
I remember the things Jayden threatened me with if I was ever to tell anyone about what he did. I thought back to the other day when Kayla told Jayden about how Sean tried to stop her from being with him. He knew straight away that I had told Sean. I’m still grateful for our parents returning home in time. Who knows what kind of damage Jayden could have done to me.
I tell the detectives how Jayden threatens me.
“Can you tell us what happened down at the pier tonight?”
I don’t answer them straight away. I cry a bit, replaying everything that happened tonight. I don’t want to remember it. I tell them everything, before I was pushed into the water.
“Do you have any idea where Jayden might be, Nicole?” Detective Callum asks me. “Does he have a hideout where he could be hiding right this instant?”
 “I don’t really know where he could be. But he could be with his friend Matt who is renting a place here.” I give them the address.











Chapter 29
~ Jayden ~

“What do you think is happening with Nicole?” Matt asks me later, when we are sitting on his couch, smoking and drinking. He takes a sip of his beer.
I take a puff of my cigarette and exhale the smoke. “Who cares? She is dead.”
I can picture Sean crying over Nicole’s lifeless body. I laugh to myself at how Sean thought he could rescue Nicole from me. It might work in a fairy tale, but this is no fairy tale. Heroes may always win in those stupid stories, but this time the hero isn’t going to win.
 “What are you laughing about?” Matt wants to know.
“Oh nothing,” I reply. “I’m just thinking about Sean. He thought he could be Nicole’s hero by rescuing her from me. I guess he can’t be her hero now.”
“So true.”
Suddenly the door bursts open. I quickly put out my cigarette. Sean comes charging into the apartment, uninvited. What is that freak doing here? How the hell does he know where to find us?
He storms over to me, grabbing my shirt and pulls me off the couch. “Þú skíthæll!”
He punches me in the face. I fall backwards onto the couch just as Matt quickly leaps off.
“Don’t you dare touch Nicole ever again,” he warns me.
Matt pulls him back from me. Sean struggles to free himself, but Matt tightens his grip on him so he can’t. I stand up and put my face into Sean’s.
“Don’t worry. I can’t touch her if she is dead,” I reply with a smirk.
“Nicole is alive. You only wish she had died. Why do you hit her? If you don’t like her any more, why be with her? She doesn’t deserve the things you do to her. Do you even feel a bit guilty for what you have done?”
I frown at Sean. Who the heck does he think he is talking to?
I hold up my fist and punch him in his jaw. Sean tries to kick me, but I step back so he can’t. I’m just about to punch him again when someone tells Matt to let go of Sean.
Matt releases Sean. We glance up to see two detectives standing in the lounge room, pointing their guns at us.
“Sean, I want you to wait for us outside,” the detective with reddish-blond hair replies. “And please do not run off because I would like to have a word with you later.”
Sean listens to the detective and leaves. The detectives put their guns down and pull out handcuffs. They stand behind Matt and me, handcuffing our hands behind our backs. That bitch told on us. The officer says I’m under arrest for domestic violence, attempted murder and for using illegal drugs. Matt is arrested for using illegal drugs, and accessory to attempted murder.
Sean comes down to the station with us. It feels like hours as they hold the three of us in separate interview rooms. I look around the room, wondered whether or not if I can escape. Most likely I won’t be able to. There aren’t any windows and they have someone guarding the door so I couldn’t escape. I think they are interviewing Sean first. That moron will probably tell the cops everything about me. Anyway, what does Sean know about me? Not unless Nicole told him everything. I swear Nicole is so going to pay for this. I won’t allow her to see daylight ever again once I get out of here.
The door to the interview room opens and the reddish-blond detective walks in.
“Hello, Jayden,” he replies. “I’m Detective Callum.”
I raise any eyebrow at him. Am I supposed to be impressed with who he is? I don’t really care who he is. I just want to be released. “So?”
Detective Callum ignores my unwelcoming response and takes a seat in front of me. “Jayden, is there a reason why you used violent acts towards Nicole Fletcher?” 
“She deserves what I do to her.”
“Why do you think that?”
I shrug. I don’t really have an answer for it. I just feel like it. If I’m ever feeling angry, I like taking it out on her.
“Jayden, no women deserves to be hit. It’s against the law to violently hit women. Do you even care about Nicole or have any concern whether or not she is alright?”
I didn’t say anything because truthfully I didn’t care about her. Why should I? She was worthless to me.
“You know, I think you should care about her, Jayden,” Detective Callum continues. “If it wasn’t for Sean Livingston, Nicole’s body probably wouldn’t have been found for a couple of days.”
“So what.”
“The point is Jayden, she could have died.”
“Give me a break, okay. Look, when I pushed Nicole into the water I didn’t expect her to get her anklet caught on something. How is it my fault she almost drowned?”
“It’s your fault she was even in the water. What made you throw her in?”
I didn’t say anything. Why should I?
“Are you going to answer me?” the detective asks after a few minutes.
“Can I go home? I really don’t want to be here right now and be questioned on why I did this to Nicole. She deserves what I did to her.”
“Well, if that’s what you think, Jayden, then you deserve to be in prison. You will be staying here for a while. You won’t be going home like you want to.”
I don’t say anything. There is nothing to say. I’m going to jail, only because Nicole couldn’t keep her big mouth shut.
Detective Callum gets me up, handcuffing me before walking me out of the interview room. We walk out into the station where other police officers sat at their desks or are dealing with other criminals. I see Mum and Dad sitting on a seat beside the front desk. Mum is in tears. I just roll my eyes at her.
My parents leap off their seats. Mum reaches me first, wrapping her arms around me into a hug.
 “So Nicole was telling the truth?” Dad asks me, giving me a look that is cross between disappointment and anger.
I don’t say anything.
“Jayden, I thought you loved Nicole,” Mum says.
“Well, I guess things change, don’t they?” I reply.
“How could you do this, Jayden?” Dad replies. “I thought we raised you to treat people with respect.”
“People change, Dad.”
Detective Callum walks me away from my parents towards the jail cells.
I hope Nicole is proud of herself for doing this to me. That bitch is lucky I’m in a jail cell. 







Epilogue
~ Nicole ~

The week passes by quickly since Jayden was arrested. Dad and I haven’t seen his parents. It’s like they are mad at us for getting him into trouble. It suddenly feels weird not having them around, but at the same time I’m glad it’s just Dad and me again.
I don’t talk to Dad about Jayden and what I have been through with him. I want to, but I feel like I need to give myself space before I tell him. I feel so a shame for keeping it a secret for so long. I let things get so out of hand that it led to Jayden almost killing me. If Sean hadn’t been there, then I could have died.
With the week going by quickly, I rarely get to see Sean since I have to keep giving the police statements about Jayden, making sure they have everything to prove Jayden is guilty. Sean gives them statements as well, telling them what Jayden has done to him for helping me. I’m not sure what is happening to Matt, but I know he will end up going to jail as well. I also hand over my engagement ring Jayden gave me, telling them he had stolen it. They take it, adding burglary to Matt and Jayden’s charges. My lawyer assures me with the charges they both have, there is no way they will be getting away with their criminal acts. They are definitely going to jail.
I try to get Sean to come over whenever Dad and I don’t have to deal with the police. Sean and Dad are getting along well. The best part about hanging out with Sean is that I don’t need to worry about Jayden coming after me. Sometimes I do get a guilty feeling in the pit of my stomach, thinking Jayden will appear out of nowhere, but he doesn’t. He is locked up. He can’t escape. I wake up in the middle of the night sometimes from having nightmares I have of Jayden.
Sean and his friends have gotten a record deal. Even though they never won the contest, lucky for them there was an agent there who enjoyed their music. He signed them. Sean promises when they go on tour that he will take me with them and I can’t wait. Spending every day with him, even if it means we are stuck in some stinky bus for days and hours on end. First I have the court case to worry about. One day at a time, that is all I can do. I plan to take one day at a time until I watch them lock him up. 
The day of the court case finally arrives. I’m nervous. I’m not so sure how it will play out, and I know Jayden will try every way he can to get out of this. He will lie and make me feel bad, make the jury believe I’m the bad person, but this time, Jayden’s lies aren’t going to help him.
It takes a month to finalise the courts and what Jayden’s sentence is going to be. He is found guilty and sentenced to jail for ten years.





































Acknowledgements
Firstly, I want to say thank you to Sarah Hitchcock for helping me edit this story. Without you, I don’t think I would have gone very far with it or with any of my writing. I really appreciate you helping me over the past six years, helping me to improve my writing each day. Also thank you to Trisha Padasas for suggesting the idea for this story. It wouldn’t have existed without your suggestion. Thanks also to my friend Wynter Searle-Albert for your support with my writing and the suggestions that you give me.
To my wonderful sister, Jennifer, who always acts like my manager, and tells me what I should be writing. You always make sure I stay on track, no matter what is happening around me. You believe anything could happen even when I wanted to give up sometimes. And thank you to Caroline De Simone for telling me to try, and never knowing what will happen if I did.
And also thank you to anyone else who has been there for me, especially to everyone on Wattpad.
Mostly I want to thank Josh Hutcherson. I may not know you at all, but you’re the one person who has kept me inspired. Without you, I wouldn’t be writing at all.


















About the Author
Jessica Madden was born and raised in Sydney, Australia. She has been writing stories since the age of eight. When she was nine she realise that she wanted to be a writer more than anything in the world. Romance is one of her favourite genres to write. In her late teens she started writing her stories up onto online communities. She was recommended by a friend to check out Wattpad, an online writing community for anyone to share, vote, read and upload stories.
When she isn't writing, Jessica enjoys video making or just hanging out with family and friends. 














