   
The Fab Life.
The Kihanna Saga, #1.


By Mercy Amare

Copyright 2013 Mercy Amare

Smashwords edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
For my husband, who always believes in me.
I love you.



Saturday, August 15
Mountain View, California
9:57 AM
Once Upon a Time.



Life often takes us by surprise. But my life just got a nuclear bomb dropped on it, with a note from my mother that simply says “good luck”.
I’ve spent seventeen years of my life wondering who my father is. My mom always told me he was a dead-beat who didn’t want anything to do with me. Turns out, he didn’t even know that I existed until two weeks ago. And he’s definitely not a dead-beat. My dad is Mark Evers. Maybe you’ve heard of him? He is the creator and CEO of Staying Connected, the world’s largest social networking site.
Once he found out about me, he flew to see me. Of course I had to do a DNA test… I can’t blame the guy for that. My mom is kind of crazy, though he dated her… he slept with her… (It’s really gross to think about anybody having sex with my mom). So maybe he’s crazy too? I don’t know. But we got the test results back, and it is true. I, Kihanna Foster, am Mark Evers’ daughter.
Well, actually I am Kihanna Evers now. He insisted that I change my last name to Evers, and I wasn’t keen on it, but my mom thought it was best. I went my whole life being Kihanna Foster, so Kihanna Evers is going to take a while to get used to.
As if finding my real dad wasn’t enough, my mom decided it was best if I go live with him. I’m about to start my senior year, and she expects me to pack up and move across the country, but do I get a say in it? No.
So here I am, after a long flight from St. Louis to Mountain View, in the back of a limo all by myself on my way to my new home. My dad is too busy to pick me up from the airport, and I am about to start my new journey in life. Alone. Or at least that’s how I feel… very alone.
I push my headphones into my ears, and turn up the music. Music helps calm me down. Normally, I’ve got music playing 24/7. But today the music is doing nothing for me. I don’t think anything could help my anxiety at this point.
I pull out the goodbye note my mom wrote me, and read it once more. I already read it about twenty times on the plane.

Kihanna,
I can never tell you how sorry I am for not telling you the truth. Keeping you separated from your father was my worst mistake, and I will regret it every day for the rest of my life. I know that it doesn’t matter now, but I didn’t tell you so I could protect you. I didn’t want you growing up in that lifestyle. But I was very wrong.
I hope you enjoy the time with your dad. Enjoy your senior year. Make new friends. Get into a good college. I want you to have a good life… You deserve it.
Know that I love you, and I will miss you every day that we are apart.
Love, Mom.

I put the letter away and wipe the tears from under my eyes. I had a good life with my mom. Sure, she’s not a multibillionaire, but we had everything we needed and more. We lived in a nice two-bedroom home in a nice neighborhood. I went to a good school, and I had lots of friends. I never asked for more.
I just hate feeling out of control. Every decision is theirs, not mine. I need to feel in control of something. But the closer I get to my dad’s house, the more out of control I feel.
As we get closer to our destination, I can’t help but notice how big the houses are getting. Each one is a little bigger than the previous one. After about fifteen minutes in the car, we finally turn right. As we pull into my dad’s house, I let out a surprised gasp. I guess I’m still trying to comprehend “billionaire”, because everything is way more extravagant than I pictured. There are iron gates that lead into the estates, and a security person is actually sitting in a booth. I wonder if they’re always there? The gates open and we drive down a long pathway toward the house. Along the sides of the driveway, there are tall hedges blocking any view.
It’s about a two-minute drive from the end of the driveway to the house, but it feels like an eternity. The first thing that I see is a huge circle fountain. There is water spraying into the fountain from tiny lion statues. I’ve never seen anything like it before.
In front of the house… No wait, not house, it’s a mansion… There are tons of colorful flowers, and palm trees. There is a concrete walkway made of stone, and there are huge columns that lead up to a huge double door. It’s glass, and has an elegant brass outline. 
The limo door opens, and it startles me. As I climb out, I am feeling very intimidated.
This is where I live now.
“Wow,” I hear myself say.
“Mrs. Evers is waiting on you inside,” the limo driver tells me. It’s then that I realize I’ve just been standing there, staring at the mansion in front of me.
“Right,” I say. “Where is my luggage?”
Just then a couple of guys dressed in butler uniforms come out. They grab my purple luggage out of the trunk.
“I can carry that,” I quickly tell them. They ignore me.
Right. Because when you’re rich you don’t actually have to carry your own stuff.
“Follow us, Miss Evers,” one of them instructs me. So, I follow them to the front doors. They open the door for me, and a blast of cold air hits me in the face.
I am not sure what I was expecting on the inside, but this is definitely not it. There isn’t much in the entryway. The floor is white marble; there are two elegant staircases that lead upstairs. There is a balcony at the top of the stairs, and a hallway on both sides.
The staircase is the same white marble as the floor, and the railings are brass, just like on the door. Two large white columns are underneath the balcony.
I look up and see a huge chandelier. It looks very expensive, and it’s very clean. Do they have a chandelier cleaner? Who would want to climb up that high?
I hear a pair of heels clacking against the marble floor, and look up to see an attractive woman in a very expensive-looking suit walking toward me. She has bleached-blonde hair, and her tan is way too dark. Her large breasts are halfway hanging out of her too-tight top.
“You must be Kihanna.” She smiles. It’s definitely a fake smile.
God, please do not let this be my stepmom.
I smile back. “Yes.”
She pulls me into a hug, and it’s then that I smell her perfume. She smells good at first, like vanilla, but then I realize it’s a bit overpowering. I hold my breath until she releases me.
“I’m Veronica Evers, and I am very excited to meet you.” She doesn’t look that excited. But her face is so tight, I’m sure it’s hard for her to show any emotions.
Just then, another person joins us — a tall blonde guy, with a surfer tan, and pretty blue eyes.
“This is my son, Toby Anderson. He’s your stepbrother,” she explains.
Yeah, because I wouldn’t have been able to figure that out on my own. I continue smiling, and my cheeks are starting to hurt from all the fake smiling. “It’s a pleasure to meet you Veronica and Toby.” It is a lie, but I’m sure I will get used to them, right? They are family.
Toby pulls me in for a hug, and squeezes me way too tight. His hands are also way too low on my back, and he smells like pot. “The pleasure is all mine,” he whispers in my ear. I back away and try to hide the disgusted look on my face.
“Toby, why don’t you show your new sister to her room,” Veronica suggests.
“Stepsister,” Toby reminds her, insinuating the word step, and then he winks at me.
I want to roll my eyes at him, but I don’t. I don’t want my new family to get the wrong impression of me. I will just suck it up.
“After you, sister,” Toby says, motioning toward the staircase.
I walk up the stairs, and he follows me. I glance back at him, and see him checking out my butt.
Oh my God — my stepbrother is checking me out! Gross!
As we walk toward my room, Toby points out his own bedroom. “If you ever get bored, or lonely, come see me.”
Yeah, this has to stop. “Not going to happen. And don’t ever check me out again. You’re my brother, and it’s gross.”
“Stepbrother,” he protests, licking his lips. “And you have a nice body.” His eyes are looking at my chest as he says this. I cross my arms in an attempt to cover my breasts.
“Just show me my room.” I glare at him.
My bedroom better have a lock on the door. It’s the last room on the right. I turn on the light and look around the room and am in shock. It’s huge and foreign.
There is a king-size four-poster bed with a beautiful cream-colored bedspread — I’m guessing the thread count is like a million. I’ve never felt sheets so soft in my life. Everything matches the bed — the dresser, the nightstand, the chest, and even the love seat in the corner. Who has a love seat in their bedroom? That’s just weird. A set of double doors leads out to a balcony, which overlooks the pool.
“Your bathroom is through that door.” Toby points. “And then your closet is there. My mom already stocked it. She couldn’t wait to go shopping for you. She’s always wanted a life-sized Barbie.”
I turn to him. “Thanks for showing me my room. You can leave now.”
“Come on, don’t you want me to stay?” He pulls a joint out of his pocket. “I brought party favors.”
“I don’t smoke, but thanks for the offer. Now, seriously, leave.” I basically push him out the door and shut it. I am thankful to see that it does indeed have a lock. I decide it will definitely be locked every night before I go to bed.
“You know where to find me,” I hear him shout from the other side.
I decide to go to my bathroom and check it out first. Inside, everything is too white, and too perfect. There is white marble floor, with pretty black patterns. There is a huge shower. I look inside and sigh dreamily. I cannot wait to take a shower in there.
There is a huge marble counter, and a beautiful brass sink. There is a large, antique mirror hanging over the sink. I look up and see that there is also a chandelier in my bathroom.
Oh my God.
Some people go to bed hungry every night, wondering where their next meal will come from, and I have a chandelier in my bathroom. I suddenly feel guilty. I shouldn’t. I didn’t buy this stuff. My dad is the billionaire, not me.
I leave the bathroom and head toward my closet. I’m scared. Toby says that Veronica stocked it, and I’m scared to see exactly what she stocked it with.
The first thing I notice when I walk in is that my closet has a chandelier. What is it with this house and chandeliers? This one is black and has beads handing from it. 
The closet is fully stocked. There are probably over a hundred pairs of shoes, all color coordinated. Before today I owned five pairs of shoes — one pair of tennis shoes, two pairs of Toms, and two pairs of flip-flops. The shoes stocked here look expensive and uncomfortable. I’ve never worn heels before… They’re pretty, but they’re just not me. I’m going to have to talk to her about it. Maybe she can take them back, or donate them to somebody who needs them.
The space for clothes is ridiculous, and every inch is filled.
“I had your clothes arranged by designer and color,” I hear Veronica say from behind me. “They should all fit, but we will have Marco come over and alter them if you need.”
“Marco?” I ask.
“He’s my personal assistant,” she explains. “He’s also really great with a needle. You will love him.”
Wow. She has a personal assistant.
“Every Sunday morning, we have brunch at the country club. I’m sure that your Walmart jeans are fine where you’re from, but I would appreciate it if you wore something a bit more elegant. Maybe you could wear a nice dress, but no flip-flops,” she says sweetly. “Maybe I could help you?”
Did she really just say that? I look down at my jeans. There is absolutely nothing wrong with them.
“I’ve been dressing myself for seventeen years. I’m quite capable of picking out my own clothing. But thanks for the offer.”
She looks stunned for a second. “I didn’t know if you knew what was appropriate for the country club. Your father said you were… poor.”
She says the word poor like it’s a dirty word.
“Me and my poor friends used to sneak into the country club every summer to swim,” I mock her. “I’m very aware of what rich people wear.”
She looks shocked. “You poor dear. I’ll let you unpack. I’ll be around if you need me.”
I watch as she walks out of my closet and out my bedroom door. I go lock the door so I won’t be surprised again. I fall back onto my oversized comfy bed.
Hello, Kihanna Evers, goodbye Kihanna Foster.

6:23 PM
Because I love you.


I am woken up by a buzzing sound.
I look around, trying to figure out where I am, and then I realize, I’m home. I shake my head, and sit up. My phone is sitting on the nightstand, and I look to see my mom is calling me.
“Hello,” I answer.
“So? How is it?” she asks, excited.
“It’s… huge,” I answer, unable to think of another word. “Their house is a mansion, and there is a chandelier in basically every room.”
“That sounds nice.”
I roll my eyes. “Right. If it were a museum.”
“How’s your father?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t seen him yet. He’s working.” I’m still annoyed that he hasn’t come to see me yet. What is more important than his daughter?
“And your stepmom and stepbrother?”
Ugh. “I don’t want to talk about it. Can’t I just come home?”
“You are home, Kihanna. You will get used to it, I promise.” Her voice is tight, and I can tell she’s trying not to cry. I’m still wondering why she sent me here. She obviously wants me there with her. It’s not like Mark made her send me here.
I feel tears start to build up in my eyes, but I blink them away. I refuse to let her hear me cry. “I miss you.”
“I miss you, too. Don’t forget to keep me updated. I love you.”
“Love you too.” I hang up the phone, letting a few tears drip from my eyes. I liked my life better before I was Mark Evers’s daughter. More than anything, I want that life back.
I hear a knock on my door, and I quickly wipe away my tears. I’m hoping it’s not Veronica or Toby. I jump off the bed, and open the door. I’m relieved to see Mark… or, err… Dad, standing on the other side.
“Hey. I got a surprise for you.” He’s excited. He pulls me in for a big hug. “I’m so glad you’re here, Kihanna.”
And for the first time since being here, I’m glad I am too. This hug feels amazing. I’ve missed him being in my life for seventeen years, and I want to make up for every second… I just wish I didn’t have to be a thousand miles away from my mom to do it.
I follow my dad down the stairs and out the front door. When we walk outside, I see a very expensive-looking black car with a huge purple bow on it.
“Your mom told me your favorite color was purple,” he says, and then holds out a set of keys to me. “It’s a Porche 911 turbo.”
I look at the sleek black car — it even has black rims. It’s nice — way too nice for me, considering I just got my license about three months ago. Mom doesn’t even like me driving her slightly used SUV. She’s never said anything, but I can always tell by the look on her face when I ask to borrow it.
“Are you sure you want to give me such a nice car? I’d be okay with something less expensive, and maybe even used…”
“I want you to have the best,” he counters.
“But…”
He cuts me off. “Kihanna, I just gave you a Porsche and you’re trying to talk me out of it. Just accept it. I bought it for you because I love you. It’s the least I can do for missing seventeen years of your life.”
It’s the first time my dad has ever said I love you to me. I can’t help but smile. “Thank you, Dad. I love you, too.”
I walk out to the car, and slowly walk around it. It’s a beautiful car, and it’s convertible. “If I was a blonde, I would pretty much be the cliché California girl,” I tell my dad. “Maybe I should dye my hair.”
He laughs. “Don’t. Your hair is beautiful.”
My hair is long and wavy. It goes halfway down my back. It’s caramel-colored with natural copper highlights. Everybody always asks me if I die it, because of the unique color. I always wondered where I got it from. My mom’s hair is dark brown. Now I know. It’s very similar to my dad’s, except his is lighter and is starting to turn gray.
“Thanks,” I say, almost timidly. I know it seems silly, but it’s the first compliment I’ve gotten from my dad. I can’t help but be excited.
“Now, let’s go get dinner,” he says, getting in the passenger side of my car. I get in the driver’s side and let out a little squeal. Even though this is way too much car for me, I can’t help but be excited. It’s a beautiful car.
“Wow, this is amazing!” It smells new. I’ve never been in a new car before. My mom always buys used. I think I get what all the new car smell fuss is about now.
“I’m glad you like it.”
“I do.” I start the car, and the engine purrs to life. That is definitely my new favorite sound. “Where are we going to eat?”
“Your choice.”
“Are you okay with Chinese food?”
He nods. “It’s my favorite.”
“Mine too.”
After my dad takes me out to eat, we go mini golfing. He beats me by a lot, but apparently he spends a lot of time golfing at the country club. I would too if I were married to Veronica, but I don’t tell him that.
I’m thankful for the one-on-one time with my dad. I get the feeling that he won’t have that much time for me. He runs a multi-billion dollar company. Any time that I get with him, I will be happy for. We have seventeen years to make up for.
As much as I want to go home to my mom, I know that this is where I belong — here with my dad. I want to get to know him. Even if it means putting up with my perverted stepbrother and my controlling stepmother.



Sunday, August 16
9:34 AM
Family brunch.




It’s Sunday morning, which means it’s time for our weekly family brunch. I’m kind of nervous. It will be the first time I’ve ever been with Dad, Veronica, and Toby all at once. And I’m also hoping Toby keeps his pervy hands to himself.
The fact that it’s called a weekly brunch worries me. Do we ever have family dinner together? Or is this one meal the only time we have together all week? I wish I knew what to expect, because right now I have no expectations.
After my shower, I blow dry my hair. It’s naturally wavy, and I love my curls. I put a little bit of mousse on the ends to keep it from frizzing, and put on my robe. When I come out into my bedroom, there is box lying on my bed. On top of the box is a red bow. I read the card.

Kihanna — wear this today. I’d hate for you to embarrass yourself by wearing something ugly. Sincerely, Veronica.

I roll my eyes. I take the lid off the box and see a very elegant-looking dress inside. It’s not very me. I put the lid back on and slide it under my bed. There is no way in hell that I’m wearing that. I will not let that woman control my wardrobe.
As I am fuming, I hear a knock on my door. I silently hope it’s not Veronica wanting me to see how the dress looks on me. I open it and see my dad standing there.
“Hey, Kihanna. I’m headed to the club. Your GPS has the address programmed in. Meet you there?”
“Sure.” I smile and shut my door.
I go to my closet and ponder the situation. I can either become Veronica’s Barbie, or I can take control of my life and show her that I can’t be controlled… I choose the latter, and I know exactly what I’m going to wear.
Thirty minutes later, I am handing my keys to the valet at the country club. The guy looks at me funny but doesn’t say a word.
“Excuse me, miss...” somebody stops me before I reach the doors. “I’m going to need to see some I.D.”
I pull out my driver’s license and hand it to him. “Kihanna Evers,” I say. “Mark Evers is my father. He’s waiting on me.”
“Yes, Miss Evers,” his tone of voice instantly changes when he sees who I am. “Follow me.”
We walk through a very crowded club all the way to the back. When we get to the table, I see that it isn’t just my family there. There is also a couple about Dad and Veronica’s age and a blond guy about my age. When Veronica sees me, her drink spews from her mouth.
“What happened to the dress I left for you?” she asks, in a much too polite voice, as she wipes up her drink.
“I’m just being expressive. My mom always encouraged it.” I smile. I am very satisfied with her reaction, though if I‘d known that other people were going to be eating with us, I probably wouldn’t have worn this. This is definitely not the first impression I want to make on my father’s friends.
I am dressed literally head to toe in black. I have a black hat on, a black shirt, a black pair of skinny jeans, and my black Converse. I’m also wearing black fingernail polish and black lipstick. I’m sure that Veronica is going to read way too much into this.
I take a seat by my pervy stepbrother and grab a menu. “So, what’s good here?” I ask nobody in particular. Everybody has yet to say anything.
“Kihanna, can I ugh… talk to you? Alone,” my dad asks. I think he’s trying to figure out what I’m doing. In the two weeks he’s known me, I’ve been pretty levelheaded. Especially considering the circumstances.
“Sure.” I am a little nervous. What if he kicks me out of his house? What if he wants nothing to do with me now? But then again, if he disowns me because of the clothes I wear, it’s best I find out now.
We walk just out of earshot of the table.
“Does your mom really let you dress like this?” I can hear the skepticism in his voice.
“I don’t know. I never tried to dress like this before. I just did it to piss off Veronica,” I answer truthfully. “She is being really pushy and trying to tell me what I can and can’t wear. I just wanted to show her that I’m my own person. If I don’t stand up for myself now, it will just get worse.”
My dad actually smiles at my words. “Consider the message delivered. I’m proud of you for standing up for yourself. Maybe next time though, try not to give Veronica a heart attack… Now, let’s try to salvage what’s left of brunch.”
After we order our food, Dad introduces me to everybody at the table. Jack and Libby Johnson are the couple. Jack is CEO of a computer company, and Libby is involved with a bunch of different charities, whatever that entails. They have a son, Gabriel Johnson. He is a senior, and I will be attending school with him apparently.
“Nice clothes,” Gabriel whispers to me.
I look at him with curiosity. “I’m trying to figure out if you’re being sarcastic or serious right now.”
Gabriel is very attractive. He has blond hair, blue eyes, and a great smile. He’s also wearing a very expensive suit. He was raised in money, so I can only assume he’s spoiled.
“I was being serious,” he says.
“Well, thank you, Gabriel.”
“Call me Gabe,” he corrects me. “So you’re from St. Louis?”
“Yep.”
“What’s it like there?”
I hate small talk, but it beats talking to Toby, so I answer. “It’s cold in the winter, hot in the summer, and very boring year-round.”
“I don’t see how anything could be boring with you,” Toby joins the conversation. “I’m sure you had guys lining up.”
I grit my teeth as I reply. “I wasn’t open for business, so there was no line.” I pause, and then add, “Just for the record — I’m still not open for business.”
“You’re a virgin?” Toby half-shouts, and the whole table turns to look at us… Scratch that, everybody in the room looks at us. Now would be a really great time for the floor to swallow me whole.
I glance at my dad, who is actually smiling. Ugh, of course he’s glad his only daughter is a virgin. But now, the whole country club also knows. “Toby,” he scolds in a stern voice.
“Thanks for announcing it to the world, you asshole.” I get up from the table and run for the door just as our food arrives. No way in hell am I sitting at the table with him!
“Kihanna!” I hear my dad yell after me… As if the situation isn’t embarrassing enough, now my daddy is chasing me. He catches up with me before I reach the door. “I’m sorry about Toby. He’s been very privileged all of his life, and he doesn’t know how to act around normal people.”
“People? I am your daughter. I’m not just some random person you picked up off the street.” I cross my arms over my chest. “And what do you mean by normal people? Do you mean poor people? Go ahead and say it… You think that I was raised poor.”
He sighs. “Kihanna, this is not a conversation that we need to have here.”
I laugh as he looks around the room. Of course he is worried about his image. “I think this is the perfect place to have this conversation. I wasn’t poor. My mom was a teacher. I went to a good school and lived in a good neighborhood. I had food to eat at every meal, and I never needed anything. Mom and me were just fine. Just because we didn’t have marble floor, or butlers, or a million dollar chandelier didn’t mean we were poor. It just meant that we weren’t rich. And I’m okay with that.”
“Kihanna…”
I shake my head. “No. You want to know what I’m not okay with? I’m not okay with being told what to wear. I’m not okay with this being a weekly brunch. Is Sunday the only time I’m going to get to see you? Because if it is, just send me back to Mom. I came to get to know you, not Veronica or my pervy stepbrother.”
“Sunday is not going to be our only meal together. I promise, Kihanna. I do work a lot, but I will always make time for you,” he says, putting his hands on my shoulders. “And I know you weren’t poor. Your mom did the best for you that she could. I’m still very upset with her for keeping you from me, but I know why she did it. You’re such a polite, and sweet young woman. I know if you were here with me, you wouldn’t be. You’d be like… your pervy stepbrother.”
I can’t help but laugh at that. “Thank God I’m not like him.”
“Now, will you please come finish brunch?” he asks. “I promise I will talk to Veronica about Toby’s behavior. I assure you that she’s embarrassed by him too.”
“Okay.”
He puts his arm around my shoulder as we talk back to the table. “So are you really a virgin?”
“Dad!” I laugh.
“What? Is that subject off limits?”
I nod. “Definitely. Mom already had the sex talk with me. I know all about using protection.”
“Of course, waiting for marriage is best.”
I can’t help but smile at that. “Right. Like that’s going to happen.”
I take my seat by Toby again and glare at him.
“Are you really a virgin?” he whispers to me.
I don’t respond. I just take a bite of my breakfast and smile. I would rather keep him wondering.
“Hey, Kihanna, I’m having a pool party on Saturday. Kind of a back to school bash. Everybody from school will be there if you want to come,” Gabriel says. “It’d be a great way to get to know people from school.”
“I’d love to come,” Toby jumps in.
“Sorry. It’s kind of a seniors only thing,” Gabe responds to him.
“You’re not a senior?” I ask him.
Toby shakes his head. “Junior. I should be a senior, but I failed a couple years ago.”
“Must be all the pot,” I whisper to myself, and then turn to Gabe. “That sounds like fun. I guess I’ll just get your address from my dad.”
“Hand me your phone,” he says.
I hesitantly had it to him. He types in a few things and when he hands it back to me, his number is programmed in.
“You have my phone number and address now.”
I look at the contact. Gabe the Babe. I laugh. “Really?”
He shrugs. “Hey, if you got it, you got it.”
“Um… what?” Cocky much?
“Kihanna, are you coming to the black and white party on Friday?” Mrs. Johnson asks me.
“Black and white party?” I ask.
Veronica answers her for me. “Yes, she’ll be there. In white.”
I look at her questioningly, and then turn to Toby. “What is a black and white party?”
“It’s where rich people get dressed up, and throw their money around. You have to wear black or white. It’s a charity thing,” he answers.
Charity — wow, at least there is something good. “What charity?”
He laughs. “Like I care. I just go for the free champagne.”
“It’s fun,” Gabe joins in. “You will get to meet all the important people from school, and you get free alcohol. They give champagne to everybody. It’s basically a big socializing event.”
“Do you remember last year when Ty Newman’s stepmom got wasted and vomited in the fish tank?” Toby starts laughing. “Classic.”
“I wonder who will make a fool out of themselves this year,” Gabe says.
“My money is on Jacqueline Hoff. It’s about time that bitch got knocked off her high horse.”
Toby and Gabe knuckle bump, and I’m wondering who Ty Newman is and who Jacqueline Hoff is. I feel like the only kid who didn’t get ice cream.
“So, who are these people you speak of?” I remind them that I’m there.
“You will know soon enough,” Gabe answers. “Welcome to the life of the elite, Kihanna Evers. You are officially part of the group now.”
Why does Gabriel’s welcome sound more like a warning?



Friday, August 21
3:34 PM
The one that got away.




Since Sunday, I’ve hardly seen my dad at all. He’s been working basically around the clock, coming home only to sleep. He always gets in around midnight and leaves around six or seven in the morning. I’m not sure how he can get by on so little sleep. I miss him, but I know I get to see him today at least. Veronica let me know that he will be at the black and white party.
I hardly ever see Veronica either. She’s always out doing something — a day at the spa with her rich friends, or at the country club, or at some kind of charity event. I’m kind of glad for that though. I don’t really want to spend time with her. I didn’t come here for her.
Toby is always locked up in his room, usually with a girl. The hallway always smells like weed. I don’t know how Dad or Veronica doesn’t notice. Of course, they hardly ever come this way. But certainly the butlers or the maids have smelled it. Why haven’t they said anything?
The house is so big. Sometimes it feels too big. It’s more of a hotel than a home, and I still don’t feel like I belong here. The only person I’ve really talked to since Sunday are the cooks, the gardeners, and the butlers.
There is a knock on my door, and I expect that it’s Nicolas, the butler. I haven’t been out of my room yet today, and I’m sure he’s just checking on me. I really like Nicolas, he’s from Russia and his family moved here when he was fourteen years old. He has an awesome accent, and he always has the best stories to tell. But when I open the door, I am surprised to see my dad standing there.
“Hey, I just wanted to stop by and see how you were. I’ve had a pretty busy week at the office.”
I roll my eyes, but open my door so he can come inside. “You know a simple phone call or text message here and there isn’t that hard. I’ve talked more to the hired help than I have to you, and that’s kind of sad.”
“I know, and I am sorry. But we are going to the black and white party tonight at Mike and Angela Newman’s house. They have a son your age, Ty. I know the Johnson family will be there as well, and other people from your school. It will be a good opportunity for you to meet new people.” He smiles at me, but I can see he’s tried. The lack of sleep is starting to wear on him. Is it possible that he has aged in the three weeks I’ve known him?
“That sounds good. Maybe I can make some friends.” I don’t want to stress him out more by whining about not seeing him. He obviously has enough stress at work, without the added pressure of a demanding and needy teenage daughter.
“I have a favor.” He looks nervous.
“What?” I ask cautiously.
“Veronica wants to pick out your outfit for the event.” He pauses, waiting for my response.
For a moment, I think about protesting, but I know that I am completely out of my league. I know nothing about designers or labels… My wardrobe normally consists of jeans and a t-shirt. If I picked out my own dress, it would probably be worse than the family brunch disaster. So, I say, “Okay.” Partly because I want my dad to be happy, and partly because I do need to make friends here. It’s obvious that Mom isn’t going to cave and let me come home any time soon.
I can see the relief wash over my dad’s face, and it’s in that moment that I know I made the right decision. I want to make him happy, and if being Veronica’s Barbie for the day is the way to do it, then I will suck it up. For him.
“Thank you.” He gives me a big hug. “Oh, and I think she has somebody coming to do your hair and makeup.”
I groan. “Makeup?”
“Please, just let her do this. It’s an important night. You do know that Mark Newman is the senator of California, right? There are going to be a lot of really important people there.”
“Right. And you don’t want me looking like a devil worshiper. I got it. It won’t happen again. Like I said, I did it to make a statement.” Of course, I didn’t realize at the time that it would backfire on me. Now nobody trusts me to dress myself. I’d say that I’m off to a great start here.
“I know that this is all new to you. I’m sorry. But maybe we can spend the day together tomorrow,” my dad offers.
“Yeah.” I nod. “I told Gabriel Johnson that I would go to his pool party tomorrow night, but I’m free all day.”
My dad smiles again. “I am so glad that you’re making friends. I know it’s hard for you to be here, away from your mom, but I think it’s for the best right now.”
“I know,” I agree. “I feel like I should be mad at Mom for keeping this secret from me… And for keeping me away from you… But I’m not mad at her. I mean, I’m upset that seventeen years was wasted between us, but I’m not mad at her.”
“You should never be mad at your mom. She loves you very, very much. Plus, I can guarantee you that I am mad enough at her for the both of us.”
“I miss Mom,” I tell him. “She promised to visit on Christmas break, but that feels like it’s forever away.”
“It will be here before you know it.” I can hear something in his voice — maybe sadness? I don’t know, but the mood shifted from happy, and now it feels heavy.
Memo to self: do not bring up Mom around him for a while. It’s obviously still a touchy subject… her keeping me a secret. Or maybe he simply never got over her.
“Did you love my mom?” My curiosity gets the best of me. I really want to know.
He looks up at me, and I can tell that he is very surprised by my question. He nods his head. “I did. And when your mother broke up with me eighteen years ago, it broke my heart. She said she felt like she was holding me back, and I couldn’t understand. I think I do now, but she was wrong. I could have handled being a father, and I still would have lived my dream. You would both would’ve been here with me now. But she doesn’t think so.”
“Do you love Veronica?” I have to ask.
He nods his head. “I do. It’s not the same as your mother, but I do love Veronica. Your mom was just… the one that got away.”
“Hey, Dad?”
“Yes?”
“I love you.”
He smiles down at me. “I love you, too.”

5:39 PM
Dream

I stand in front of my full-length mirror looking at myself, and I have to admit that I look kind of good. I do feel like an impostor in these clothes though. Veronica tries to explain all the name brands that I’m wearing.
“This dress is a Valentino sleeveless dress with crystal embroidery,” she says. “Try not to spill anything on it, because this is a nine thousand dollar dress. You won’t be wearing it again, but we will be donating it to charity.”
I choke on the air. “Nine thousand dollars?”
She smiles. “It’s a bargain, trust me. I love all designs by Valentino.”
It is a beautiful dress, but it cuts off about six inches above my knee. I guess I expected a nine thousand dollar dress to have more to it.
“Your shoes are Giuseppe Zanotti Design platform pumps.”
I look at my heels. They’re four inches tall, they’re white, and they have tiny crystals on the heel. They’re beautiful, but my feet are already hurting. “How much did they cost?”
“About 800 dollars.” She says it nonchalantly, like it’s not a big deal. “And your purse is a Chanel vintage, and it cost…”
I cut her off. “You know what, I don’t want to know how much it cost.”
“Okay. And your father wanted me to give you this.” She hands me a small white box with a bow on it.
I open it, and see a beautiful pearl necklace. “Wow.” I slip the necklace over my head, and I suddenly feel like a princess. My life literally feels like a dream, like I would wake up at any second and I would be back home in St. Louis with my mom.
“You look beautiful, Kihanna,” I hear Veronica say.
It’s in that moment that I decide maybe Veronica isn’t so bad. What I took as controlling was just her trying to help me. Maybe she’s not the evil stepmom I thought she was.
“Thank you,” I finally respond.
Everything about me is perfect, even my hair. The stylist fanned my hair out. She said it was Farrah Fawcett hair, but to me it looked more like Kardashian hair. I told her that, and then she proceeded to tell me that Farrah made it popular long before the Kardashian sisters did.
“So, Dad said that this black and white party was at the senator’s house…” I bite my lip nervously.
“Yes,” she confirms. “Senator Mike Newman. He was a quarterback for the 49ers before he came senator. He helped us win the Super Bowl twice.”
I am not a fan of football, at all. Let’s face it — St. Louis Rams aren’t exactly that great. “I’m more of a baseball fan. I also enjoy hockey sometimes.”
“Oh, you’re into sports.” She considers this for a moment. “Do you know how to place tennis?”
Tennis? That has to be the most random question ever. I laugh. “Oh, you’re mistaken. I enjoy going to a baseball game, or a hockey game, but I do not play.” I try to imagine myself playing hockey, and wince at the image of me getting my teeth knocked out. No thank you.
“A lot of girls around here play tennis. You should learn. It’s never too late. I can have my instructor, Javier, give you a few lessons.”
“You guys have already spent enough money on me. The clothes, the car, the necklace…” I shake my head, wondering exactly how much they have spent on me. “I’m so grateful, but I can’t ask for more. It wouldn’t feel right.”
“Things are different now. Mark is a very wealthy man, and you are a very lucky girl. You just accept the gifts. It’s his way of trying to make up the time missed with you.” With that, Veronica walks out of my room, and I am left to think about what she just said.
When I first met Veronica, I had her pegged as a fake, but she’s not. Sure she has fake boobs, her tan is too dark, and her face is unnaturally smooth for her age, but she is very in tune to my dad’s feelings. I didn’t expect it.
Life keeps surprising me.

6:49 PM
Black and White

Toby is checking out my legs on the limo ride over to the party. I want to say something, but both my dad and Veronica are clueless, and I don’t want to ruin this happy moment for us. It’s the first time, besides the brunch disaster, than we’ve all been together as a family.
“Toby, you will behave tonight,” my father tells him sternly. So maybe he did see Toby checking me out. That, or Toby always misbehaves and this is the normal for them.
He rolls his eyes at my dad. “I always behave.”
“I’m serious. I don’t want to get another call telling me that you were caught having sex with a girl in the pool house.”
Toby laughs. “Fine. I’ll find somewhere better next time.”
Dad turns to me and smiles. “I guess I don’t have to tell you to behave.”
I laugh. “Don’t worry. I definitely won’t be having sex with anybody tonight.”
Toby winks at me, and I discretely flip him off. I decide that if he if wasn’t such a pervert, I would like him. He’s hilarious, and he already feels like my brother… Well, aside from the whole checking me out thing. Gross.
A few minutes later, our limo come to a stop, and somebody opens the door. I let Toby get out first, simply because I don’t want him looking at my butt when I climb out. I follow him.
“So this is what a former NFL star’s house looks like…” I comment, looking at the massive house.
“Not nearly as impressive at our house,” Toby shrugs, like it’s no big deal. “You will soon see that there isn’t much that is more impressive than the creator of Staying Connected.”
“I am beginning to see that…” I’m suddenly feeling overwhelmed. I don’t belong here. This isn’t my world, and people are going to see it. They are going to see right through me. I’m an invader into their perfect lives.
“Listen, I know this can all be overwhelming, but you need to remember two things…” Toby gives me a pep talk as we walk inside. “One — you’re the fucking hottest girl here, and two — your dad is richer than anybody else here. People will try to intimidate you, but remember you have all the power. Plus, nobody messes with my sister. If they try, I will beat them up.”
I laugh and am surprised that I feel better. “If you weren’t always trying to get me to have sex with you, I might actually like you.”
“Hey, we are family. We got to stick together. It’s not my fault you’re so sexy.”
I roll my eyes. “Whatever.”
“Toby!” I hear somebody yell. We both turn towards the voice, and I see a guy with dirty blond hair walk up to us. “Hey Toby. Who is your attractive guest?”
“Kihanna, Ty.” He points between us.
“Are you two together?”
I say, “No,” as Toby says, “Yes.” I glare at Toby, and then turn to Ty. “Toby is my stepbrother. So yes, we are here together, but not together.”
“Stepbrother?”
“Oh, you haven’t heard?” Toby asks him. “This is Kihanna Evers, Mark’s prodigy… or spawn, whatever you want to call her… She’s also my new housemate.”
Ty studies me, and it’s then that I notice his hazel eyes. They’re a weird mixture of brown, green, and gold. I seriously want to stare at them just so I can figure out the pattern. “I can definitely see the resemblance.”
“Right? It’s kind of freaky. She’s fucking hot though.” Toby talks about me like I’m not even there. I want to smack him, but I don’t want to make a scene. Seriously, I thought we were making such good progress on the whole brother-sister thing.
“Do you guys want to get some champagne? I’m already needing it,” Ty admits, shaking his head.
“I don’t drink.” The last thing I need right now is alcohol on my empty stomach.
“You do now,” they both say together.
Ty flags down a guy carrying a tray of champagne. He grabs one for me and one for him. Toby grabs one too, and then holds out his drink. “Here’s to my new stepsister.”
I roll my eyes, but take a sip anyway. The second the drink hits my tongue I want to spew it out of my mouth. Somehow I manage to swallow it. It burns all the way down, and I try hard not to vomit. “This is disgusting.”
Both Ty and Toby have already finished their glass. Toby grabs mine, and downs it. “Your loss.”
I crinkle my nose. “That seriously taste like piss.”
“How do you know what piss tastes like?” Toby raises his eyebrow at me. “I always knew you were kinky.”
I roll my eyes at him. “It’s an expression, idiot.” I turn to Ty. “Want to introduce me to people?”
“My pleasure.” Ty grabs my arm, and we escape from Toby.
“Thank you.”
“I have a confession to make.” He smiles at me, flashing his pearly white teeth. “I lied. I knew who you were. I just wanted to meet you. You’re far more beautiful than I expected.”
I feel my face grow warm. “Thanks,” I reply awkwardly. What am I supposed to say to that? You’re beautiful too? I mean, he is kind of beautiful, but I don’t think you’re supposed to call a guy beautiful. It makes them feel less manly, right?
Ugh, I so wish my mom was here to talk to tonight. I need her.
“So how are you adjusting to all this?”
“I’m doing okay.” I pause, and shake my head. “Honestly, I’m not doing so great. It’s a huge change. I remember two years ago, my mom had hardwood floors put in the living room, and it cost her a few thousand dollars. She had saved up for a few years, and she was so proud the day they were installed. And I come here, and we have marble floors, and a million dollar chandelier…”
“Actually, if you’re talking about that chandelier in your foyer, it cost about ten million,” Ty corrects me.
I feel sick at his words. “Are you serious?”
He nods.
I take a deep, steady breath. “I’m more than just a bit overwhelmed. I feel like I’m drowning in a sea of money.”
“It could be worse. Money isn’t necessarily a bad thing to be drowning in.” Ty laughs and grabs my hand. “Come on.” He pulls me over toward a spiral staircase. I stop him at the bottom.
“I don’t know what you’ve heard about me, but I’m not seducible.” I’m sure by now everybody has heard about my virgin status.
He smiles at my words. “I have no intention of seducing you tonight. I just want to show you something.”
I look at him cautiously. “I’m sure that’s what all the guys say.”
“You’re cute, but seriously, I’m not going to fuck you. At least not tonight.”
My heart flutters at his words. Damn hormones. Nobody has ever talked dirty to me before, besides Toby (which totally doesn’t count), and when Ty says he wants to fuck me, it turns me on. Of course it does. He’s gorgeous, but he’s probably a major player. He is definitely a guy I should stay away from. But right now, I don’t care. I want to get away from the party for a few minutes, before my dad drags me off to meet a bunch of rich people whose names I won’t remember.
I clear my throat. “Fine. Lead the way.”
We go up a couple flights of stairs. When we walk out the door, we are outside. It takes me a few minutes to realize we are on top of his roof.
He motions me over to the edge. There is a rail between the ground and us, but I’m still very scared of heights. It makes me dizzy for a few seconds until I adjust.
“I figured everything would be less overwhelming if you were up here,” Ty says. “Plus, it gives me a chance to introduce everybody as they arrive.”
“Thank you.” I mean it. At that moment, I think that maybe I was wrong about him. I seriously think I’m going to like Ty. He doesn’t seem spoiled like I thought he would be. Though, I guess this could all be part of his big seduction plan. I’m not going to fall for this guy, definitely not.
“Most people in our circle like to arrive fashionably late,” he explains. “Everybody has the need to make a grand entrance. It’s not just about the money, and power. We are all hungry for attention, no matter what the cost.”
“We?” I question.
“I am including myself, because I am the same way.” His words shock me.
“You don’t seem the same as them.”
He looks at me for a few seconds before responding. “Kihanna, make no mistake — I am just like them. And soon, you will be too. Hell, you already look like one of us.” He motions at my dress and shoes. “Just another rich girl with daddy’s credit card.”
I roll my eyes. “Whatever, Ty. I didn’t come up here to be judged.” I turn around and walk back downstairs without a glance back. He doesn’t try to stop me, and I know it’s for the best. Ty is right — he is just like them. But he’s also wrong. I will never be like these people. My mom protected me from this life for a reason, and I will not allow myself to get sucked into it. Not even for a pretty boy.
“Kihanna,” I hear my dad call to me as I walk back into the foyer. “Come meet Senator Mike Newman, and his lovely wife Angela.”
I walk over to my dad and smile at the couple. “Are you Ty’s parents?”
“Yes,” the senator answers. “And you’re Kihanna Evers. We have heard so many great things about you from Mark. It’s so exciting to finally meet you.”
“Thanks. You too, Senator.”
“Call me Mike,” he insists.
He and my dad continue their conversation. As I stand there, I look around the room to see everybody is staring at me. I feel like I’m being put on display. Maybe leaving the roof wasn’t such a good idea.
Dad introduces me to a few more people, and I know that it’s going to take me a long time to remember everybody’s name. It feels overwhelming. My face hurts from smiling, and my feet hurt from these stupid heels. But worst of all, I’m homesick. I miss my mom. I sneak into the bathroom, pull out my cell phone, and call her.
“Hello,” she answers groggily. I look at the time, remembering the time difference. It’s just after nine there. Mom never goes to sleep this early. Weird.
“Sorry, did I wake you?”
“Yeah, it’s okay. I was just tired. I had a long day,” she explains. “How is it going?”
I sigh. “Not so good, Mom. I’m at this party with Dad. It’s a black and white party, which I still don’t know what it is. And this guy called me beautiful, but then he acted like a complete spaz afterwards. I don’t know how to handle guys. And I just… needed to talk to you. I miss you.”
“I miss you too, but I know that you will be fine. A black and white party is just a fancy word for a formal party. Obviously you only wear black and white,” she answers, calmly. She always knows how to handle every situation that is thrown her way. I wish I was like her in that way. “And I’ve always told you that you were beautiful. Why does it surprise you that this boy called you beautiful?”
“I don’t know. He’s so out of my league. He’s rich and really hot…” I shake my head.
“Kihanna, might I remind you that you’re rich now too, and I’m sure you’re the most gorgeous girl at that party.”
I can’t help but smile at her words. “Mom, you don’t know. You’re not here. Some of these women are like stunning. And I feel so intimidated. Everybody keeps staring at me.”
“They are staring because they’re curious about you,” she pauses. “Well… that, and you’re the most stunning person there. They can’t help but be attracted to you.”
“Thank you.” She always knows what to say to cheer me up. “I wish you were here.”
“Me too, baby. But I promise you it will get better. Just give it a little time. And if people keep staring, give them something to stare at… Just no more gothic clothing.”
I laugh. “Dad told you?”
“Yes,” she answers with a laugh. “Good for you standing up for yourself.”
“The point was moot. She dressed me tonight. Ugh, I feel so… cheap, which is ironic considering my dress cost nine thousand dollars. And my shoes are almost a thousand. For a thousand dollars it seems like they would be less painful. My feet literally feel like they’re on fire.”
“Whoa. So your outfit cost more than my car…”
I laugh. My outfit probably costs more than her house if you include the pearl necklace, but I’m so not going there.
“Go back to the party and hold your head up high. You belong there just as much as everybody else.”
“Thanks. Bye, Mom.” I hang up my phone and stick it back inside my purse before walking back outside into the madness.
As I walk out the door, I see a girl who looks really familiar. I can’t know her, but I feel like I do. She’s tall and thin but has large breasts. They don’t really fit her small figure, though it seems like everybody in this circle is unnaturally beautiful. She has dark blonde hair with light-colored highlights. She’s also really tan, but it doesn’t look too dark like Veronica’s.
Suddenly, it hits me how I know this girl. She’s Jacqueline Hoff, the star of The Jet Setters. It was a lame TV show I used to love when I was a kid. She played Tiffany, the loveable little sister.
She snarls when she notices me watching her. “Take a picture, it would last longer.”
Seriously? What a bitch.
Somebody whispers something in her ear, and she walks over to me. She forces a smile. “Hi, I’m Jacqueline Hoff.” Her tone of voice is nicer than it was, but she still has a sour look on her face.
“Kihanna Evers,” I say back.
“So your dad is Mark Evers?” she asks like she’s unsure.
I nod. “Yep.”
She glances down at my dress. “Is this a Valentino? I love it. It’s just that the girls all wear white, so I decided to wear black this year.”
I look at her beautiful black dress. I have no clue what designer it is, and I honestly don’t care.
“Cool,” is all I say. I really don’t like this girl. She acted like I was a piece of gum stuck to her designer shoes until she knew who I was. I don’t want a friend like her, and I really don’t care to converse with her.
“So you were poor before you came here, right?” From the look on her face, I don’t think she has ever said the word poor before. I really don’t know how to respond, but thankfully I don’t have to. I feel a hand go around my shoulder. I look up to see Ty.
“Jacqueline, she hasn’t had enough alcohol to talk with you.” He puts a glass of champagne in my hand and whispers in my ear, “Trust me, you’ll need this.”
I know what Ty is saying. He’s apologizing for judging me. I can’t stay mad at him, because really, he doesn’t seem like a bad guy. He’s just privileged. I can’t fault him for that.
Jacqueline rolls her eyes at Ty’s comment. “Like you’re any better, Ty. Just because your dad is a senator doesn’t mean your shit doesn’t stink.”
Ty shrugs. “Maybe my shit does stink, but at least I’m not a washed up wanna-be.”
“Whatever.” She twirls around on her heels and walks off.
“Guess she didn’t have a good comeback,” I comment once she’s out of earshot.
Ty laughs. “Sorry about earlier. I was wrong about what I said. I do think you’re different than the rest of us. It’s just easy to lose sight of who you are. Don’t lose yourself, Kihanna. You’re special.”
I’m really not sure how to respond to his comment, so I just say, “Thank you.”
He doesn’t say anything, and it kind of feels awkward. I take a sip of the really disgusting champagne. “So you’ve met the school bitch. She thinks she’s awesome because she used to be an actress. Her dad is a plastic surgeon, which explains why she came back from summer last year suddenly a D-cup.” He shakes his head. “She has two friends, who are basically her clones — Malika Sparks and Bay Young. You’ll know them when you see them. They’re the ones following her around like lost puppies.”
“I feel like my head is spinning. There are so many people I have yet to meet, and it’s already hard to keep everybody straight,” I admit.
He smiles. “Well, I’m Ty.”
I roll my eyes. “I know you.”
“Good. I’m basically the only person you need to know,” he says, flashing his perfect, white teeth.
“And I know Gabriel Johnson. I’m going to a pool party at his house tomorrow night. I think he’s supposed to be here tonight too.”
“He’s around here somewhere,” Ty says. “I’ll be at the party tomorrow too. I have to admit, I’m kind of excited about seeing your body in a bikini.”
I feel my face grow warm. I haven’t exactly thought about the whole swimsuit part yet. I guess pool party hadn’t exactly sunk in. “Ugh, yeah, I definitely won’t look like Jacqueline.”
“Good. I like real women.” He winks, and my heart flutters. Gah. Why am I letting him have such an effect on me?
Somebody calls Ty’s name.
“I’ll talk to you later, Kihanna Evers,” he says as he walks off.
“Later.” I give my champagne glass to a waiter walking by and go back into the foyer. I see Toby walking outside with a skinny redhead. I spot Gabe, who is talking to a group of people. My dad is talking to Mike Newman, and Veronica is talking to some lady I don’t know. I feel very awkward, because in this moment, I know that I don’t fit in here. I mean, I knew it before, but at least I wasn’t completely alone. I could ignore the fact that I’m a freak. I kind of wish there was somewhere to hide, though I’m sure there would be if I looked hard enough. This house is massive.
I decide to just head outside. Maybe I can at least hide and take my shoes off. My feet are killing me in these heels. How do they handle wearing such high shoes all the time?
I escape out the front and walk around to the side of the house. I take off my shoes and sigh dreamily as my bare feet hit the cool grass.
“Are you trying to hide?” I hear somebody ask.
I open my eyes and see a very attractive black guy walking toward me. Seriously, why is everybody around here so attractive?
“Yes,” I answer, holding up my shoes. “These shoes are killing my feet.”
“Ah, I see. Why did you wear them if you knew they would hurt?”
“I didn’t have a choice in the matter. My stepmother doesn’t trust me to dress myself. Not that I blame her. I kind of screwed that up at our family brunch last Sunday.” Why am I admitting all this to a stranger? Must be the shoes.
“You must be Kihanna Evers.” He laughs, and I look at him questioningly. “Gabe told me about family brunch, and you look a lot like Mark. I figured you had to be the prodigal daughter.”
“Yes, well, I’m feeling very much like Cinderella right now. Is it midnight yet?”
“I’m Jason Bridges,” he introduces himself.
“It’s nice to meet you. You already know me, but I’m Kihanna, the long lost daughter.” I accept his handshake. “So why aren’t you in the party?”
“Probably the same reason you’re not.”
“Your feet hurt, and you don’t know anybody so you feel kind of awkward?” I ask.
He laughs. “Something like that. Let’s just say I don’t exactly belong here.”
I glance at his suit and back up at him. “You look like you belong here to me.”
“So do you,” he says, pointing at my dress.
“Touché.” I bow to him jokingly. “So tell me, Jason Bridges, why are you at this ritzy millionaire party if you don’t belong here?”
He shrugs. “My parents are rich. My dad owns a bunch of successful night clubs around the world.”
“I guess everybody around here is rich.”
“You guessed correctly.”
Great. “So will I be going to school with you?”
“More than likely. We all go to the same private school,” he answers.
I can’t help but roll my eyes at this. “So basically I will be going to school with all rich people too. Please tell me I get to meet some normal people sometime.”
“There are some scholarship kids at the school, but they’re all really smart.” He laughs. “So yeah, you really are stuck with the rich kids.”
Suddenly, Gabe’s warning comes to mind… Welcome to the life of the elite. He really meant it. Once you’re in, there’s no way out.
“It’s not all that bad,” he quickly clarifies. “I just hate these fancy parties. I’d rather be kickin’ it with my friends. I’d much rather drink beer than champagne.”
I nod, like I know exactly what he means, but I don’t. I don’t drink, ever. That sip of champagne was the first alcohol I’ve ever tasted, and I’m not impressed. “I’m not much of a champagne kind of girl either.”
He looks at me for a second, like he’s studying me. “Let me guess, you a whiskey sour kind of girl…”
I shrug my shoulders. “Actually, I have no clue what kind of girl I am. I usually stick to Dr. Pepper.”
“Damn, girl. I am going to corrupt you,” he says, almost seductively. “I’m thinking I will start you out on Dr. Pepper and rum. It goes great together, and I am really good at mixing drinks.”
“How old are you?” I question.
He laughs hard for a second. “I’m seventeen. Damn, you really are innocent. Are you coming to Gabe’s party tomorrow night?”
I nod, almost scared, because I’m not sure I want to be corrupted.
“Good. I’m going to get you shit-faced.”
“Shit-faced?” I question. That doesn’t sound so good.
“Don’t worry. It’ll be fun,” he promises.
Fun. Right.
His phone goes off, and he busts out laughing. He holds out his phone for me, and I see a picture of Toby and the redheaded girl he was with earlier. They’re both naked and on the roof. I have to shake my head.
My phone goes off, and I look down to see a text from my dad.

Dad: We are leaving now. Meet us out front.

I turn to Jason. “Well, that’s my cue. I guess I will see you at Gabe’s party.”
“Later, Kihanna.”
Later indeed.
I am in over my head.



Saturday, August 22
11:43 AM
Old man.




I had fun on the limo ride home. Pretty much Toby got yelled at the whole way back, but it didn’t faze him at all. On the way to our rooms that night, he hit on me. Seriously, Toby has no shame and absolutely no class. I can’t help but wonder about his biological father, because he is nothing like Veronica. Well, either that or Veronica is good at hiding her wild side.
I woke up early on Saturday because I thought Dad and I were going to hang out, but he had an “emergency” at the office. He said he would be back “as soon as possible.” It’s been three hours since then, and I still haven’t heard from him. So instead, I’m hanging out with our butler, Nicholas, while he changes light bulbs.
“He will call,” Nicholas says as I check my phone for the one-hundredth time. “Your father is a very busy man. He’s been around a lot more this past week than I have ever seen him before.”
I sigh. “I came here to get to know him, and I feel like he doesn’t care. There is always some kind of work emergency, or a dinner party, or anything that is more important than me.”
“He loves you.”
“I know, but he needs to realize there is more to love than expensive cars and money. I need him.”
Nicholas looks down at me. “Might I suggest you talk to Mr. Evers and tell him how you’re feeling?”
“I have talked to him, and he promised to spend the day with me to make up for ditching me all week. I might as well have stayed home with my mom. I miss her.” I feel a little sad thinking about her. We always get season passes to our favorite theme park, and we go at least once a week. We also go to water parks, we float down the river in an inner tube, or we bike around the lake. Since mom is a teacher, so she’s off all summer. We also try to take a one-week vacation every summer, and always to a new place. This year, we were going to go on a cruise for the first time. That obviously isn’t going to happen now.
“I’m sorry, Miss Evers.”
“Please, Nicholas, for the one-thousandth time, call me Kihanna.”
“My momma taught me never to call a lady by her first name. It’s disrespectful,” he counters.
“It’s not disrespectful if she asks you to call her by her first name. And I’m still trying to get used to my new last name,” I explain.
“You are stubborn. Just like your father,” Nicholas says, shaking his head.
“So I was wondering… Do you think my dad knows that Toby smokes pot in his room?”
Nicholas looks at me for a second. “It really isn’t any of my business, and if I may be honest with you, it really isn’t any of yours either.”
He’s right. It really isn’t my business, but I can’t help my curiosity.
“Don’t you have a pool party to get ready for?” he asks.
I look at the time. “The pool party doesn’t start until eight o’clock. So I’ve got a while.”
“Maybe you should make some friends. You’re too nosy,” he says, laughing.
That is what I love about Nicholas. He always speaks his mind. “Hey, if you wanted me to leave you alone, all you had to say was ‘get lost’.”
He shakes his head. “You don’t need to be hanging out with an old man like me anyway.”
“You’re right. I should just go hang out with Toby,” I joke. I turn to walk back to my room. “And you’re not old!”
I hear him laughing as I head up the stairs. Nicholas isn’t that old. He just turned fifty-five years old last month, and he’s pretty spunky for his age. A couple days ago I saw him on a ladder cleaning the chandelier. I offered to help, and when I did I learned that he is into extreme sports — like skydiving and snowboarding.
But I can’t help but think he’s right. I do need to make friends. I am starting school next week, and I have zero friends, unless you count Toby, which I don’t.
So that’s my goal tonight — make friends.
I can do this.
I hope.

7:39 PM
Pool parties: NOT FOR SWIMMING

“Rule number one, never get in the water,” Veronica explains as Marco curls the last strand of my hair.
I’m confused. One, I thought pool parties were for swimming. Why are there even rules for a high school pool party? Two, I thought Marco was her personal assistant, not personal stylist. Do all personal assistants fix hair?
“Why shouldn’t I get in the water?” I ask her.
She looks at me with a ‘you should know this’ look. I suddenly feel stupid for not knowing.
“Because,” she explains. “You don’t want to get your hair wet. You also don’t want to ruin your make up or your shoes.”
I look at the teal leather pumps that Veronica picked out for me to wear. Seriously, who wears high heels to a POOL PARTY? I will probably be the only one, and I will look stupid.
“You look beautiful,” Marco says, as I look at myself in the full-length mirror. I want to cover up my body. I am not used to being this exposed.
“Thanks. So what kind of bikini is this? Is this a Valentino, or whatever?”
“It’s a Dolce and Gabbana,” Marco answers.
“Right.” I nod my head, like I know what he’s saying. The truth is, I feel like he just spoke French to me. “So, does this Dolce and Gabbana person have a cover-up?”
He shakes his head. “You don’t need a cover-up. The point of a pool party is to flaunt your body. Make the boys drool.”
I laugh and think about what Jason Bridges told me. He wants to corrupt me. Why do I feel like I’m more corruptible in this bikini?
“Don’t listen to Marco,” Veronica quickly protests. “Seriously, you’re too beautiful for a teenage boy.”
“So you think I should go for somebody older? Like a college guy?” I ask, biting my lip.
“Yes.” She pauses, then quickly shakes her head. “No. I’m just saying, you should wait. You’re fresh meat, so every guy is going to hit on you. You shouldn’t go for the first guy you hook up with.”
“Hook up?” I feel my face grow warm. “I look like a prostitute in this, don’t I? I should change.”
Veronica sighs. “That’s not what I meant either. I’m sorry, Kihanna. I’m not very good at this whole mother-daughter thing.”
For a minute, I think I should be offended by her comment. I have a mother. But she knows that, and I don’t think she meant anything bad by it, so I let it slide. “Just so you know, I don’t plan on hooking up with anybody anytime soon.”
“Good. You should wait as long as you can.”
Marco clears his throat. “Well, if that will be all, Mrs. Evers, I will be leaving now.”
“Sure, I’ll see you tomorrow morning.” As soon as Marco leaves my room, Veronica turns to me. “Have fun tonight.”
“Thanks.” I turn to look at myself in the mirror as Veronica walks out of my room. I feel less intimidated now. It’s amazing how hearing that you’re beautiful from somebody else makes you feel exactly that… beautiful.
I am thin, I always have been, but I have nice boobs. They’re the perfect size for my body. I don’t really have much of a butt, but I still look nice in my swimsuit. My legs are thin and look really long in these heels. I think I finally understand why girls torture themselves. It’s all about vanity, especially in Mountain View.

8:21 PM
Memo to self – never get in the hot tub.

I arrive exactly twenty-one minutes late for the pool party. Not because I’m trying to be fashionably late, but because I get lost. I end up taking the wrong exit off the freeway. By the time I actually arrive at Gabe’s house, my hands are shaking and I’m freaking out just a little bit. I actually contemplated going home, but I found it. Thank God.
When I arrive, of course, there is valet parking. Only here would there be valet at a freaking high school party. I hand my keys to a guy who barely looks old enough to drive. He’s smiling as he looks at my car.
“If you hurt my car, I will shoot you. And I’m from Missouri, so I know how to use a gun.”
The smile quickly fades from his face. I laugh silently to myself as I walk through the gate that leads to the pool.
I have to admit — I like having power, and that is something money gives me.
“Kihanna! You came!” I hear Gabe call out to me as I walk through the gates that lead to his massive pool. There is a huge rock waterfall, a water slide, and a bridge that goes over the pool. There is also a huge hot tub that is currently occupied by three guys, and two topless girls. (Memo to self — never get in the hot tub. I don’t even want to think about what has gone on in there.)
When my name is called, half of the party looks up at me. I suddenly feel like I’m on display. First impressions are everything, and what happens in this moment defines how everybody will see me forever. I must make a good impression.
I feel someone’s arms go around my waist, and before I even have time to process what is going on, I am in the water. I push myself up through the water, and look up to see Jason Bridges jump in beside me.
I’m pretty sure that my hair, makeup, and shoes are all ruined, which means I broke all of Veronica’s party rules.
When Jason comes up from the water, I splash him. I want to be mad, but I can’t. I actually start laughing, because I didn’t expect this, but I like it. I thought tonight would be more like the black and white party last night — uptight, prim, and proper. Here, we are all just a bunch of teenagers wanting to have fun before school starts.
“You owe me a pair of shoes,” I tell Jason playfully, as I watch my heels sink to the bottom of the pool. I actually liked those shoes.
“I’ll get them.” He swims to the bottom and grabs my shoes. Once he comes back up, he dumps the water out and hands them to me. “Good as new.”
I laugh, and wipe under my eyes. I am hoping I don’t look like a raccoon right now.
“If it’s any consolation, you look good wet.” He swims to the edge of the pool and climbs out. He holds out his hand for me and helps me out. “You ready to be corrupted, Kihanna Evers?”
“No way. Maybe I should be the one to make you turn away from your evil ways.”
I feel another arm go around me. I look over to see a guy I have never seen before. “I would love to see a girl who could tame Jason Bridges.” He looks down at me. “Though, if any girl could do it, it would be you. I don’t believe we have had the pleasure of meeting.”
Jason rolls his eyes at the guy.
“I’m Emmett Avery,” the guy says. He pushes his shaggy brown hair away from his eyes, and I can now see that he has stunning green eyes. I am once again reminded how beautiful everybody in this town is. How is it fair that they have both good looks and money?
“Kihanna Evers,” I say back.
I say his name in my head a few times. Emmett Avery. Why does that name sound so familiar? Maybe I’ve heard somebody talk about him?
“So your dad is Mark Evers?” Emmett asks. “Nice.”
I nod. “Yep.”
“My mom is Nichole Avery.” He answers the question I hadn’t asked.
It’s then that his name clicks. Nichole Avery is one of the hottest actresses in Hollywood, and most recently played a girl superhero in a movie. “Wow. I’m impressed.”
He shrugs his shoulders. “Your dad created Staying Connected. I’d say that trumps superstar any day.”
Jason shoots Emmett a dirty look. “Maybe you should find somebody else to flirt with. I saw her first.”
I roll my eyes. “I’m not a toy. Not everybody gets a turn. But it was nice seeing you both.”
I walk off toward the bathroom and wipe off all of my makeup. I run my fingers through my curls, trying to get out some of the tangles. It doesn’t help.
Well, this is as good as it’s going to get.
When I come out of the bathroom both Jason and Emmett are nowhere to be seen, so I decide to socialize. After all, I am going to be going to school with these people.
The first person I see is a beautiful brunette girl. She has long, dark brown curly hair, a dark tan, and beautiful brown eyes. She looks nice, so I walk to up her.
“Hey,” I introduce myself boldly. “I’m Kihanna Evers.”
“I’m Courtney Summers,” she replies, and I’m shocked to hear that she has a southern accent. “It’s nice to meet you, Kihanna.”
“Where are you from?”
She laughs. “Is it that obvious I’m not from around here? I’m from Texas. My daddy is in the oil business. My mom and I moved out here a year ago when my parents got divorced.”
“I’m sorry,” I say awkwardly. My mom has never dated anybody that I know of, and she definitely never got married, so I have no idea what it’s like to have divorced parents. It must suck.
“It’s okay. So where are you from?”
“St. Louis. My dad is Mark Evers.”
“I know. I’ve heard all about you,” she says humorously. “Honey, this group likes to gossip.”
“I’m the long lost daughter.” I roll my eyes. Ugh, I hate that they’ve all been talking about me. It means they have expectations, and I probably haven’t lived up to any of them.
“Don’t sweat it.” Courtney’s smile is sweet and very reassuring. I definitely think I’m going to like her. “You are going to fit in just fine around here. People are just curious about ya.”
I’m about to say something else, when I hear Ty call my name. I turn around to see him walking my way, and then I turn back to Courtney.
“See, you’ve already made friends. You’ll be just fine, Kihanna.” With that she turns around and walks off.
Finally, somebody I can relate to. She’s not from around here, so she knows what it’s like to be an outsider, and she seems very nice. Maybe she and I will become good friends.
“Hey, Ty,” I greet him as he walks up beside me.
“How is it going, Key?” He stumbles a little and then laughs.
Ugh, seriously, he’s drunk? “My name is Kihanna, not Key. Please, do not call me by a nickname. I do not want it to stick.”
He puts his arm around me, and I can smell the alcohol on his breath. I quickly throw it off.
“Seriously, Ty? Why are you drunk?”
“Because my life sucks and alcohol makes it better,” he answers. The honesty in his voice scares me. Nobody’s life should suck that bad.
“What’s wrong with your life, Ty? It seems pretty perfect to me.”
He shakes his head and laughs. “You only see the outside. Inside, I am all kinds of screwed up. You can’t even begin to understand.”
“Then try explaining it to me.” I want to know Ty’s story. He is different than everybody else, and I can see the pain in his eyes. I need to know who hurt him.
He runs his fingers through my hair. “I don’t want to scare you. You’re so damn innocent. You were so much better off before you came here. Now you’re screwed, just like the rest of us.”
“What do you mean?” I ask.
“You will see.” His words echo over and over again in my head. Is it true? Is my life going to be worse because I’m here?
“You really shouldn’t drink so much.” I try to lighten up the conversation, but my voice sounds unnaturally tight.
“Don’t over-think things, baby.” He then proceeds to completely change the conversation. “So, tell me about your life in St. Louis. Did you leave behind a boyfriend?”
My head is still spinning, but I answer his question. “No, there was no boyfriend.”
“Good. That means there is nobody for me to compete with. Tell me what your life was like, please.”
“There isn’t a lot to tell,” I answer honestly. “I went to school, made good grades, and I spent a lot of time with my mom. I had a few friends, but I wasn’t really close to any of them. I only hung out with them at school, and mostly because I didn’t want to sit at the lunch table alone.”
“What did you do for fun if you didn’t have a boyfriend or any friends?”
“Um, I read a lot of books.” Wow, what a lame answer.
He laughs. “Oh my, Kihanna. We are going to have to spice up your life.”
“Spice up how?” I’m afraid to know the answer to this question.
He winks. “I have several ideas running through my head right now, and I’m liking them all.”

10:45 PM
Never have I ever…

We are all sitting in a circle. I am right beside Ty and Gabe with a glass full of beer. It smells gross, and I’m thinking it tastes even worse.
“The name of the game is Never Have I Ever,” Gabe explains. “Since Kihanna has never played, I’m going to explain the rules. It’s simple. When it’s your turn, you say something that you’ve never done. If anybody in the circle has done it, they have to take a drink. Got it?”
“I think so.”
“You go first,” Gabe says.
“Okay.” I take a deep breath. “Never have I ever drunk beer before.”
Literally everybody in the circle takes a drink. Wow. I must seem like a loser to them. I probably should have said something less lame.
Gabe goes next. “Never have I ever…” He pauses. “Wait, no, I’ve done that…” Everybody laughs. “Oh, I got one! Never have I ever fucked my English teacher.”
Ty gasps. “Dude! It was just the one time, and I was really drunk.”
“It still counts. Drink.”
Ty takes a drink.
He had sex with his teacher? Whoa. He really is messed up.
A girl beside Gabe goes next. “Never have I ever shoplifted.”
Nearly every girl takes a drink — me included. When I was eleven, I stole a pair of sunglasses. My mom couldn’t afford them at the time, and I thought I had to have them. I felt so bad that I took them back to the store the very next day. They didn’t press charges, but they did call my mom. I was grounded for three months over a $20 pair of sunglasses.
“Never have I ever kissed a guy,” the guy beside her goes next.
Every girl, besides me, takes a drink. I wish I could take a drink, and I am praying nobody notices.
“Are you a lesbian?” Ty asks.
“Nope.”
“And you’ve never kissed a guy?”
“Nope,” I clarify. “Not even on the cheek.”
“We have to change this.”
I feel my face grow warm, and now everybody is staring at me. “I just never found a guy that I wanted to kiss,” I tell them, like I need to explain.
“So you’re a virgin?” I hear Jason ask me.
Um, wow. He is so blunt, and I have no idea what I am supposed to say. I’m embarrassed, and I want to run away, but if I did, I would never be able to live the moment down. So, I answer honestly. “Yeah, I am. I’m honestly glad I didn’t give it to some loser before I was ready. I think the moment should be special.”
I hear a few of the girls “aw”, but I doubt any of them are virgins. Though part of me is glad that I’ve waited this long, the other part of me just wants to get it over with. I want to know what all the hype is about.
Thankfully, the next girl goes. “Never have I ever been in love.”
I wish I could drink now too. I want to know how it feels to fall madly, deeply in love, but the truth is — I’m not even sure I believe in true love. Maybe it’s just make-believe.
Only a few people drink to that, including Gabe. I wonder what his story is, and I wonder who he fell in love with. 
“Never have I ever had a threesome,” the next girl continues.
I’m surprised by the amount of people who drink to that. Ty, Gabe, Jason, Emmett, Courtney, and Jacqueline all drink, along with about ten others.
“Never have I ever been arrested,” Emmett says.
I’m surprised to see both Gabriel and Ty both take a drink. A couple of others drink as well. I feel like the more we play this game, the less I know about each of them.
As the game goes on, I’m literally just sitting there. Everybody else is getting drunk, but all I’ve had is one sip. I’m not sure whether I feel like a loser, or if I’m thankful that I haven’t been stupid. I can’t help but feel like more of an outcast. I don’t fit in with these people, and I don’t belong in their world. Some people have stolen cars, done drugs a lot harder than weed, and that is just the stuff they’re admitting to. I can’t imagine what other horrible things that have gone on.
“Are you scared yet?” Gabe asks me, in a whisper.
I don’t respond, but I’m sure the scared look on my face is answer enough.
“This is just the beginning,” he warns.
His words make me want to run as fast as I can in the opposite direction.
I don’t belong here.



Thursday, August 26
7:43 AM
California girl




When I get up, I straighten my hair for the first day of school. I’m nervous, but it’s just school right? No need to be nervous. I already know a lot of people.
“Is there a specific dress code?” I ask Toby as I search through my closet.
Toby is sitting on my bed. I never thought I would invite him into my room, let alone allow him to be on my bed. But he hasn’t hit on me once this morning, so I’d say we are making progress.
“Nope,” he answers. “They thought about having uniforms, but the students protested. Said they wanted to be individuals or something… Whatever… I’m just glad I don’t have to wear a stupid tie or anything.”
I know what I would wear to the first day at my old school — jeans. This school should be like any other school, right? “Are jeans okay?” I ask.
“Sure. I’m wearing jeans.”
I pull my favorite pair of jeans out of my suitcase, and smile. “Awesome. Now get out of my room so I can get dressed.”
Toby relaxes back onto the bed. “Oh, I don’t mind. You can get naked in front of me.”
I roll my eyes. “And we were making such good progress.” I walk inside the closet and shut the door. Thankfully, there is a lock. I put on my jeans, and a comfy pink Billabong tank that says ‘I Heart California’. I put on a pair of matching hot pink Tom’s, because there is no way I’m wearing heels today, and I put on a hot pink headband. When I walk out of the closet, I do a spin for Toby.
“How do I look?” I ask.
“Like a California girl,” he answers approvingly.
“Good.”
Toby and I walk downstairs together, and Veronica is standing in the foyer talking on her cell phone. When she sees me, she tells the person, “Let me call you back.” She looks at my outfit and crinkles her nose in disgust. “You’re wearing that?”
I nod. “Yep.”
“You’re going to be the laughingstock of the school in that,” she says. “I think you should change.”
Here we go again.
I roll my eyes. “Good thing I don’t care what you think.”
Veronica shakes her head at me. “Sorry. I know it seems like I’m being pushy, but I need you to understand that this is not St. Louis. People will judge you based on what you wear.”
“What is wrong with this?” I ask her. I’m very aggravated at her, because she is pushy. My own mother doesn’t care what I wear as long as it’s decent, so I’m definitely not going to let my stepmother push me around and dictate my wardrobe. “This is what normal people wear! It’s a nice pair of jeans, comfortable shoes, and a cute top. Please, tell me what is so wrong with it?”
“You’re right. It is normal, but you are not normal. That is what’s wrong with it. People are going to judge you. I am just trying to help you, Kihanna. Please, just listen to me this once.”
“Mom, leave her alone,” Toby defends me. “She looks hot in these jeans, and the guys really don’t care about labels. The girls who do care are snobby bitches who aren’t worthy of being her friend.”
“Don’t call your stepsister hot,” Veronica scolds Toby. I have to laugh to myself.
“I’ll be fine,” I tell her. “I want to wear this. I will dress up for the fancy parties, but school is for learning. It’s not a fashion show.”
“Okay, Kihanna.” She sighs. She knows that I’m not going to change my mind. “I hope you have a good first day of school.”
What? I won! Wow. I seriously didn’t think she would give up so easily.
“Don’t worry,” I tell her. “I will try not to embarrass the family.”
Toby laughs as we head outside.
“Do you think this outfit was a bad choice?” I ask him.
“I’m a guy. I really don’t care. All I know is your ass looks great in these jeans,” he says, checking me out.
“Ugh,” I turn around so he can’t look at my butt anymore. “You are seriously disgusting.”
I am walking toward my car when I hear Toby yell after me. “You know we aren’t actually related, right?”
I ignore him and just get in my car. I’m pretty sure I hit the stepbrother jackpot when it comes to Toby. I’m about ninety percent certain that he’s just joking when he hits on me. Of course, the ten percent is seriously creeped out that my stepbrother wants to hook up with me.
I’m going to go with the ninety percent.

8:03 AM
On the outside looking in.

In the parking lot of the school, there are a ton of really nice cars. I’m pretty sure I even saw a Ferrari. What kind of parent trusts a kid in high school to drive such an expensive car? I guess my dad isn’t the only one.
The school looks more like a college campus. There are sets of matching brick buildings. There is a huge library that I can’t wait to check out. I go into the biggest building, which is where the crowd seems to be going, and head toward the administration office to get my schedule. Everything is laid out very simple, and I have no problems finding my way.
When I walk into the office, there is an older woman sitting at the desk. Her light hair is pulled into a tight bun, and she has black-framed glasses. She has on a nice suit jacket and a black pencil skirt. When I see her, I kind of wish I had dressed up a little more.
“Hi, I’m Kihanna Evers. I’m here to pick up my class schedule.”
She looks at me and narrows her eyes. “Do you have an I.D.?” 
“Um… Yeah.” What the fuck? I pull out my driver’s license and show her. She looks at it for a few minutes. Maybe she doesn’t believe I am who I say I am. At that moment, I’m beginning to wonder if Veronica is right. In my $30 pair of jeans, I seem to have lost all my power.
Eventually, she hands my I.D. back to me, along with a schedule and a map. “Your first class is on the third floor. It’s the first door you see when you go up the stairs. Somebody in that class will be showing you to the rest of your classes. Good luck.”
I take the papers and walk back out into the hallway. And it’s there, in the midst of my new classmates that I feel like a complete outcast. People are all grouped together in their own cliques, and here I am, all by myself. A few girls sneer at me as they walk by. I know that no matter what, unless I become like them, I will never fit in here. I will always be the outcast. Veronica was absolutely right. I hate that she was right. And I hate even more than I have to dress and act a certain way to fit in here. Wearing a nine thousand dollar dress isn’t going to make them like me. No, it’s going to take a lot more than money to impress these people… Maybe I am better on the outside looking in.
As I walk up the stairs, I look at the ground. I am scared to make eye contact with anybody. I don’t want to get any more dirty looks. I hate seeing the judgment in their eyes. So I walk quickly into my first classroom and take a seat somewhere in the middle. It doesn’t take long for the seat next to me to be filled.
“Are you a scholarship kid?” I hear a deep voice ask.
I look up at the guy talking to me. He actually looks normal. He has dark brown hair, dark brown eyes, and a seriously sexy tan. Like everybody else I’ve met since coming here, he’s gorgeous.
“Um, no,” I answer his question.
He looks at me curiously. “I don’t know what they have told you about scholarship kids, but trust me, the others grow bored of picking on you after a while. There is nothing wrong with being smart.”
Now I’m looking at him, wondering what he’s talking about. “I’m not a scholarship kid. I’m Kihanna Evers. I just moved here, and today is my first day.”
“Kihanna Evers.” He looks disappointed. “I’m sorry to bother you.” He starts to get up, but I stop him.
“You’re no bother,” I quickly protest. “Please, sit. I feel like I’m drowning, and I could use a friend right now. What’s your name?”
He hesitates but sits back down. “I’m Kasbian Hodge.”
“So are you a scholarship kid?” I ask, wondering what difference it makes how he’s here, as long as he’s here… But I know exactly how a scholarship kid feels… Like the whole world is at your fingertips, but no matter how hard you try to grab it, it keeps slipping away.
“Sort of. My dad is a teacher here, so I am here on a partial scholarship. I do janitorial work for the school to cover the difference,” he explains.
“That’s awesome. I’ve heard this is a good school, so I’m sure it will help you get into a good college. That’s why my mom sent me to live with my dad. She wants me to go to a good college.”
“I’m sure your daddy can pay for you to get into any college you want.” His voice is a little judgmental, but I don’t take offense to it. I can see why he would think this. Everybody here gets what they want. Why should I be any different?
“At my old school, I actually had a 4.1 GPA, and I scored a 32 on my ACTs. I am pretty much set in the college department,” I defend myself. “But you’re right, now that I know my dad is Mark Evers, more doors will be opened for me. I can go to an Ivy League college if I want. There is nothing wrong with taking the opportunities that are given to you.”
“Sorry. I guess I shouldn’t judge you. I don’t know you.”
“Then get to know me. You will see I’m not like everybody else,” I dare him.
I will show Kasbian and everybody else. I won’t let my past define me. I won’t let money, clothes, or family name determine what these people think of me. Once they get to know me, they will see… I may be Kihanna Evers, but I was Kihanna Foster a lot longer.

12:23 PM
Maybe I shouldn’t have punched her.

If I had the option of having my brains eaten by zombies, or eating lunch in a high school cafeteria, I would choose the zombie every time. I’d probably have a better chance of surviving a zombie attack than a teenage girl attack.
Or maybe it will be like The Hunger Games, and only one of us will come out alive.
“Sis.” I hear Toby’s voice. He puts his arm around my shoulders. “How is your day?”
“Let me think — I’m at a new school, and I haven’t had one class with anybody I know. How do you think I’m doing?”
“That bad?” He shakes his head. “Well, allow me to make your day better.”
“How do you plan on doing that?” I ask as we walk through the cafeteria doors.
“My mere presence alone is rumored to brighten the darkest of days.”
I laugh and ignore the stares of those around us. “You have a serious problem. I think maybe you need to lay off the pot for a while. It’s starting to fry your brain cells.”
“Ha-ha,” he says sarcastically. “Want to sit with my friends and me?”
I think about saying yes, just so I don’t have to eat alone, but then I wonder what kind of friends Toby has. “Nah, I think I’ll look for somebody to sit with. I met some cool people at Gabe’s party Saturday night. Maybe I will meet up with some of them.”
“Okay. Later, sis.” He waves as he walks toward a group of guys who look questionable. I definitely made the right decision by not sitting with him.
I start to head to the salad bar but am stopped by Jacqueline Hoff and two other girls. She is looking at me with the same disgusted look that she looked at me with at the black and white party.
“What happened? Did Daddy cancel your credit card, and you were forced to shop at K-mart?” Jacqueline and her friends all laugh.
I look at the three of them. All of the girls have the same shade of blonde hair, they have all styled it the same way, and their clothes are color-coordinated. Seriously, do they not have a life?
“How long did it take you to coordinate these outfits?” I ask.
“At least we planned.” One of the Jacqueline clones smarts back to me.
Jacqueline holds up her hand to silence the other girl. “Just because your dad is Mark Evers doesn’t mean shit. You will never fit in here. If you know what’s good for you, you will go back to St. Louis, where you belong.”
I just roll my eyes and try to walk around her. When I do, she shoves me. I’m not expecting it, so I end up running into a guy who has a tray of food. We collide and the food goes flying. Some of it lands on me, and I land on my butt.
I look up to see Jacqueline smirk. “Oops.” She starts to walk away, but I grab her feet, pulling her down too.
“You bitch,” she says as she hits the floor.
I don’t give her the opportunity to say anything else. I punch her as hard as I can in the nose. I hear her bone crunch and blood starts trickling down her face. I smile for a second, and then I realize what I just did.
Oh, shit.
Maybe I shouldn’t have punched her.

2:13 PM
Nothing compared to Toby…

I am now sitting in the principal’s office with Dad, Veronica, Jacqueline, and her dad. We’ve both told our sides of the story. Mine is the truth, and Jacqueline’s is a lie that makes her seem like an innocent angel.
“I will admit that I shouldn’t have punched her, but she shouldn’t have pushed me,” I tell the principal. “I’m not going to let her bully me.”
I’ve pretty much said the key word — bully. I’m guessing it’s not the first time he’s heard it said about Jacqueline Hoff.
The principal sighs. “I can’t let either of you get away with this. I should suspend you both.”
“Don’t do that,” my dad urges. “Certainly there is something they can do. Community service maybe?”
He considers this for a second. “A couple of employees in our janitorial staff are going to be out next week, and they could really use the help. So starting Monday, and going through Friday, both of you will be expected to help out for two hours after school each day. If you don’t show up, I will be forced to suspend you.”
“That sounds very fair,” Jacqueline’s dad agrees.
I can practically see the steam coming off Jacqueline’s head. Her face is bright red, and she looks pissed. I suddenly have a very bad feeling.
I just made the worst enemy.
We walk out of the office, and my dad turns to me. “We will talk about this later. Go finish your last class.”
Ugh. He’s disappointed in me. There is nothing worse than disappointing your parent. I’d so much rather him be mad at me.
An hour later, school is letting out. I am pretty much dreading going home. On my way out to the parking lot, a few people high-five me and tell me how awesome I am for punching Jacqueline.
“Kihanna,” I hear a girl yell. I turn around and see a girl that was at Gabe’s pool party. I think her name is Courtney.
“Hey,” I greet her.
“Props on the cafeteria, but it was probably one of the stupidest things you could ever do.” I love her southern accent.
“Yeah, I know,” I say, biting my lip. “She definitely seems like a bad enemy to have here, but I wasn’t about to let her bully me.”
“I agree,” she quickly clarifies. “But you’re going to need allies. My friends and I would like to help you. Are you free tonight?”
I nod. “I think. That depends on if I’m grounded or not.”
Courtney laughs. “Trust me, you won’t be.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Toby is your stepbrother.”
Good point.
I knew there was a reason why I like Toby. I am suddenly glad that my stepbrother has done so many stupid things. This is nothing compared to him having sex with that redhead at the black and white party.
“You’re right. What do you have planned?”
“We will be at your house tonight around seven, you’ll see when we get there. See you later, Kihanna.”
“Later.” I wave as she walks away.

5:27 PM
What do you have to lose?

When I get home, big surprise, Dad isn’t there. Veronica is also nowhere to be seen, so my punishment is yet to be assigned.
“Do you think they’ll ground me?” I ask Toby. He will know. He’s like the expert on being in trouble.
“Maybe, but it doesn’t matter. They will get mad and yell at you, and then forget to punish you. One time I got grounded from my car for a month, and they forgot to take my keys away.”
“Why would they ground you from your car?” I ask.
“I got a DUI.”
His answer shocks me. “Seriously?”
“I was young. I had just turned sixteen.” He shrugs. “I’m older and wiser now.”
I narrow my eyes at him. “You’re seventeen. Don’t pretend that you’ve learned some life-altering lesson in a year’s time.”
“You didn’t know me a year ago,” he snaps. “You don’t know what I’ve been through or what I’ve learned in that time. But I learned my lesson, and I will never drive under the influence of alcohol again.”
“Okay, I’m sorry,” I quickly apologize.
I’ve never seen Toby mad or upset. He’s always so relaxed, which could be the pot, but I don’t think so. I think it’s just him. I guess everybody has a breaking point. I just wish I knew what happened between last year and now.
My phone vibrates, and I look down to see my mom’s number.
Oh, no. Dad probably told her about the fight, and now she’s going to yell at me. Great, I get to get yelled at by both of them.
“Hello,” I answer, hesitantly.
Toby waves goodbye to me as he leaves my room.
“Kihanna Evers…” I can hear the disappointment through the phone. I wish she was yelling.
“I’m sorry.”
“Tell me what happened.”
And so I tell her the whole story — starting with the black and white party, and ending with me breaking Jacqueline’s nose.
I hear my mom laughing from the other end.
“It’s so not funny. I could have been suspended.”
“You’re right, it’s not funny,” she says, and immediately stops laughing. “Kihanna, I’m proud of you for standing up for yourself, but you can’t let bullies like Jacqueline get to you. I raised you better than that.”
“I know.” I sigh. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay. We all make mistakes. Just be the bigger person. I love you.”
“I love you too.”
As we are hanging up I hear a knock on my door. I look up to see Courtney walk in, followed by two other girls.
The first girl Courtney introduces is Arianna Morgan. She is possibly the most beautiful girl I have ever seen. She has beautiful blonde hair, big blue eyes, and porcelain-colored skin. She seems kind of shy, but I can tell we are going to be good friends. Her dad owns a bunch of hotels around the world.
The next girl is Victoria Spencer. She has red hair, green eyes, and a kick-ass body. She is a cheerleader, and I can tell from her body. She looks very athletic. I find out that her mom is a movie producer. She names some of the movies that her mom produced and I am impressed.
“I loved how you stood up to Jacqueline today,” Arianna says. “I’ve wanted somebody to put her in her place for so long. She’s always so mean to everybody else.”
“It’s about time,” Victoria agrees. “She’s an evil bitch, and she is not going to let you live that down.”
“Which is exactly why we are here. We want to help you,” Courtney explains. “Jacqueline has everything — a rocking body, a dad who will give her anything she wants, and as if her ego isn’t big enough, she was also a child star. We want to knock her off her pedestal and give somebody else a chance to reign at Bayside Academy.”
“And you think I’m the girl to do that?”
“Duh. You’re the one who knocked her out,” Victoria answers.
“You’re the perfect girl to do it,” Courtney continues. “And with our help, you can.”
“I don’t know…”
“What do you have to lose?”
The question seems innocent enough, but as I say “Okay,” I’m already regretting it… Like I’m losing a part of myself by saying yes.
I really, really hope that this is the right decision.



Friday, August 27
7:52 AM
Conforming




I am vain, I am superficial, and I kind of like it.
Okay, so maybe I am not completely superficial. But the skirt that I am wearing could feed a small family for three, maybe four months. I hate myself for liking the skirt. But I love the way it feels against my skin, I love the way it flows, and most of all, I love how I look in it.
Last night, Arianna, Victoria, and Courtney helped pick out my outfit. I know, I know! I was bashing Jacqueline for planning her outfit and here I do the same thing! But, on a plus note, I didn’t color coordinate with my friends. That’s got to mean something, right?
My skirt is an A-Line, which I learned last night, and it’s white with large, horizontal, black lines. I’m wearing a black, silk, sleeveless top with a boat neckline. My shoes are white satin and have a five-inch heel. I know I will be regretting that decision sometime around second period, but they look cute.
Toby is walking past my door just as I walk out of my room.
“I see your conforming quite nicely,” he jokes. Or at least, I think he’s joking. With Toby, you never can tell.
“Shut up.” I roll my eyes dramatically at him.
“So did Mark come talk-slash-yell at you last night?”
I shake my head. “Nope. But my mom called to sort-of yell at me. She actually laughed.”
“Well, enjoy your week of janitorial duty. I hear scrubbing toilets is a great way to burn calories.”
As we walk down the stairs, I pause for a second when I see Veronica standing at the bottom. Ugh, is she seriously going to be there to approve my outfit every day?
“You look very nice, Kihanna,” she compliments me, as I make my way down the stairs.
The fact that she says this makes me want to run back to my room and change my clothes. But instead, I just say, “Thank you.”
“And please, don’t break anybody’s nose today.”
“I hadn’t planned on it,” I reply. “But the day is still young.”
About thirty minutes later, I arrive at school. When I walk into my first class of the day, I take the empty seat by Kasbian. We still have a few minutes until class starts, so I decide to talk to him.
“Hey,” I greet him. “Did you hear I’m going to be working with you next week?”
He looks at me curiously for a few seconds, and then he smiles. “Oh right, because you broke that bitch’s nose. That was awesome, by the way.” He holds his fist out, and I bump mine against his.
“Thanks. I don’t really like bullies, and I have a bit of a temper. I may have overreacted, but I’m sure she’s already got her plastic surgery appointment set. I might feel slightly worse if she had to live with a crooked nose the rest of her life.”
“I wanted to say sorry about judging you yesterday,” he says. “Generally the rich kids aren’t very tolerating of us… umm… normal kids.”
“Oh haven’t you heard?” I drop my voice to a whisper and lean closer. “I used to be poor.”
He laughs. “You’re alright, Kihanna Evers.”
I think that’s a compliment, so I take it. “Thanks.”
“I’m serious. I look forward to getting to know you.”
“Ditto.”

12:22 PM
Never been kissed.

It’s the dreaded time of the day again — lunch. Only today doesn’t seem as horrible as yesterday. I actually have friends to sit with… Okay, maybe it’s a little early to put Arianna, Victoria, and Courtney in the friends category, but they’re the closest thing I’ve got to it, so I’ll take it.
When I sit down with them, I see Jacqueline and her clones staring at us from across the room. I’m beginning to think the scowl look on her face is just how she always looks. She has black eyes on both sides, and her nose is swollen and slightly crooked. I want to smile, because she totally deserves it, but I don’t. I figure I shouldn’t add fuel to the fire.
“I see they’ve coordinated outfits again,” I say to nobody in particular.
“They wear polka dots the fourth Friday of every month,” Arianna explains.
“How do you know that?” I wonder.
“They thought that because I had blonde hair, I wanted to be in their group. They have a whole list of rules, including what you can and can’t eat in public, what you can and can’t wear, and that’s just the beginning.” She rolls her eyes. “After two lunches with them, I told them we would be better as friends from a distance.”
I laugh at that. “How did Jacqueline take that?”
“She spread a nasty rumor around school about me and told everybody that she didn’t want me there.”
“What was the rumor?” Maybe I shouldn’t have asked, but I can’t help my curiosity.
Arianna looks like she is going to cry for a few seconds, but she quickly recovers. “She told everybody that I had an STD. I was just a sophomore at the time and had never had a boyfriend. I was a virgin. I had a very rough tenth grade year. But then I met Courtney at the beginning of junior year. It sucks that her parents got divorced, but I’m so glad she moved here.”
Victoria jumps into the conversation. “I was kind of a social hermit before Courtney too. I had frizzy red hair, braces, and freckles. She taught me how to fix my hair and makeup. When I got my braces removed, I tried out for the cheerleading squad. I always wanted to but was scared. She helped me with the routine. Without her, I’d probably still be eating my lunch in the bathroom.”
“Aw, you guys…” Courtney puts her arms around them. “You both had it in yourselves. You just needed a push in the right direction.”
I turn back to Arianna. “I can’t believe Jacqueline did that to you. I’m so sorry. She has to pay for what she’s done.”
“I agree,” Arianna says. “I am so glad you broke her nose. She totally deserved that.”
“Well, she deserves a hell of a lot more,” Courtney says bitterly. “She has been bullying everybody in this school for far too long.”
I think about all the high fives and knuckle bumps I got yesterday after I punched Jacqueline. It’s then that I realize just how bad she truly has been. It isn’t just about her pushing me in the cafeteria. It’s about all the things that she’s done to everybody here, and I want her to pay.
“We are going to knock that bitch off her pedestal,” I promise them.
“Hey, ladies,” I look up to see Ty walking over to our table. He takes a seat beside me. “Plotting to take over the world?”
I nod. “Definitely. We are going to take over the world one high school at a time.”
“If anybody can do it, you can,” he says to me. “So hey, there is this concert tomorrow. It’s just a local band, but they’re pretty good. I have tickets if you want to go with me. You know, if you’re free.”
“Sure. It sounds fun.”
“Awesome.” He smiles, almost like he expected me to say no. “I’ll see you tomorrow night, Kihanna.”
He gets up from the table, and when I look at the girls, they’re all laughing.
“What?”
“Ty was so nervous!” Courtney laughs. “I’ve never seen him like that. He’s always so smooth. He definitely has a way with the ladies.”
“Why would he be nervous? It’s just a concert.”
“Because he likes you.”
I shake my head. “He does not. He’s just being nice.”
They all laugh. “Whatever you say.”
“Maybe you’ll get your first kiss,” Courtney says, wiggling her eyebrows.
Victoria chokes on her drink. “I’m sorry, what?”
I feel my face grow warm.
“During an interesting game of Never Have I Ever, Kihanna revealed that she has never been kissed,” Courtney explains.
“Aw!” Arianna and Victoria both gush at the same time.
“Ugh, I should have just lied and taken a drink. It’s so embarrassing that I am seventeen and have never been kissed.” I want to hide my face in my hands.
“Don’t be embarrassed. It’s really sweet and romantic that you’re completely untouched. You shouldn’t let anybody pressure you into anything you’re not ready for,” Courtney quickly counters.
Both Arianna and Victoria agree with her.
Even though they both think it’s sweet, I can’t help but wonder how it feels to be kissed. Is it as romantic as it is in books and movies? What if I don’t know what to do? What if I’m a bad kisser?
I take a deep breath. No, it can’t be that complicated. When the moment is right, I will know what to do, and it will be special.
Maybe I will have that special moment with Ty. He is a pretty awesome guy, and I am definitely attracted to him.
I decide not to contemplate it. When the moment happens, it will be perfect. I shouldn’t stress over something that might or might NOT happen. And it probably won’t. Courtney, Arianna, and Victoria are reading way too much into it.

3:13 PM
Dirty Cunt

After school, when I go to get in my car, I notice a note is stuck under my windshield wiper. I open up the note.

You’re a dirty cunt. If you know what’s good for you, you’ll go back to where you came from.

The note was cut out of magazine articles and newspaper headlines, but I don’t have to see the handwriting to know exactly who left this note.
I crumple up the note and toss it into a nearby trashcan before leaving.
One thing is for certain — Jacqueline Hoff is going to pay.



Saturday, August 28
5:52 PM
Nobody will ever be good enough for you.




I am so mad at Arianna, Courtney, and Victoria for making me believe this stupid date nonsense! I was completely fine hanging out with Ty. We are friends. Then they go fill my head with these stupid romantic notions, and I can’t stop myself from wondering – is this a date?
What if it’s not a date? Maybe I am getting all worked up over nothing. Then I will feel stupid.
But what if it is? Do I even like Ty as more than a friend? I mean, he’s unbelievably attractive, but do we have chemistry? Just because he makes my heart flutter doesn’t mean he’s somebody I want to date.
And even if this is a date, it’s not like he’s asked me to be more than friends. I’m obviously not ready to be more than his friend. I just moved here, and I’m still trying to adjust to this life. Adding a boyfriend to the mix would just be stupid. I’m perfectly fine being single. Besides, this is definitely not a date. We are just friends.
I laugh at myself.
If this isn’t a date, then why have I been standing in my closet for the past half hour and still haven’t picked an outfit?
Ugh, this is so stupid, I scold myself. Let’s pretend for one millisecond that this is a date. If Ty likes me, he will like me no matter what I wear. So it doesn’t even matter. And if it’s not a date, I’m going to feel really stupid for trying so hard. So I’m just going to wear what I would if I was going to a concert back home. It’s not like you’re supposed to dress up for a concert anyway.
Still, I try on three different outfits before I find one I like. I’m wearing a pair of hot pink skinny jeans, a bright yellow top, and my purple Tom’s. I look very colorful. Ugh, maybe I should change… I search through my closet once more, but I stop myself.
This outfit is fine.
My hair is curled and pulled back into a ponytail. I love how the curls bounce every time I move. I hear a knock on my door, disrupting my thoughts. When I open it, Toby is standing there.
“You look nice,” he says approvingly. “Less conforming. This is the real you. I like it.”
“Thanks.” That was exactly what I needed to hear. “Do I look date-worthy?”
Did I seriously just ask my stepbrother to approve my outfit? Wow, I have obviously spent too much time in my closet. The fabric fumes are getting to me.
He smiles. “Finally change your mind, sis?”
“Ugh.” I half-gag, half-laugh. “You are very persistent and absolutely disgusting.”
“What can I say? I know what I want.”
“I’m going on a date with Ty.” I pause. “Or at least I think it’s a date. Either way, we are going to a concert tonight.”
“Ty Newman?” he asks.
I nod.
He considers this for a few seconds. “Ty is a good guy.”
Wow. “You’re giving me your approval?”
He laughs. “No. Nobody will ever be good enough for you. You are seriously the poster girl for good girls. But I do like Ty. If he tries anything, let me know and I’ll take care of it.”
“Aw,” I gush. “Toby, you’re my favorite stepbrother.”
“I’m your only stepbrother.”
“Exactly.” I smile. “Which also means you’re my least favorite stepbrother.”
He shakes his head at me. “Whatever you say, Kihanna.”
There is another knock on the door, and we both turn to see Nicholas standing there.
“Miss Evers, there is a Mr. Newman here to see you,” he says very formal-like.
“It’s Kihanna,” I tell him for the one-hundredth time. He’s never going to get this. I turn back to Toby. “Wish me luck.”
“Good luck. And don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” He pauses. “Actually, I take that back. There isn’t anything I wouldn’t do. Just don’t sleep with him on the first date.”
“Wasn’t going to,” I quickly respond.
Ugh. I hope that isn’t what Ty wanted when he asked me out. He said before that he wanted to “fuck me”, but I’m pretty sure he was just joking then. I try hard not to overanalyze it as I walk out of my room.
My palms are sweating, and my heart literally feels like it’s going to beat its way out of my chest. I decide that I may vomit before the night is over, but hopefully it won’t be on myself or Ty. I run my hand over the banister as I walk down the stairs. I keep it there in case I trip, which is very possible. I try to focus on the steps and not on the fact that I’m about to go out on my first date.
Gah. I hate that word. Date. It’s too gray. I like black and white. Nothing about this night is black or white.
I count the steps as I walk down. There are exactly thirty-two steps from the top floor to the bottom floor. When I get to the bottom, I am forced to look up at Ty. He looks good. Really good. Dammit. He doesn’t look nervous at all. In fact he looks completely cool. Of course he’s cool. He’s probably been out on like a million dates before. Why should he be nervous?
I am relieved to see that he’s wearing jeans and a concert shirt. I didn’t under-dress or overdress, and I’m glad I decided to wear jeans. I’m going to ask Toby’s advice more often.
“You look beautiful,” he says and hands me a bouquet of purple flowers.
Flowers = date, right?
Ugh, why does this suddenly feel awkward?
I take them from him. I have no idea what kind of flowers they are. I feel like I should know, but it’s not like I frequently get flowers from guys. “Thank you. They are beautiful.”
What am I supposed to do with the flowers? Am I supposed to take them with us? Or am I supposed to leave them here? There should a Dating for Dummies book that covers this. Maybe there is. Memo to self - look it up. I will be more prepared next time.
Next time? Calm down, Kihanna, I tell myself. Let’s get through tonight before we start thinking about a second date.
Thankfully I don’t have to wonder what to do with the flowers for long. Nicholas comes down the stairs and takes them from me.
“Are you ready?” Ty asks me.
I nod, unable to trust my voice. He holds out his arm for me and I take it. I like touching him. Somehow it makes me feel less nervous, which seems odd. I figured it would be opposite.
“I thought maybe we could grab some food before the concert. Do you like Indian food?”
“Yes,” I say, but I doubt I will be able to eat. My stomach is in knots, and food is the furthest thing from my mind.
Ty and I walk toward his car, and he opens the passenger side door for me. Before I get in, he leans over and kisses me on the cheek. Nobody, besides my mom, has ever kissed me on the cheek before. It’s actually really sweet.
“Don’t be nervous,” he tells me.
The fact that he can tell I’m nervous makes me feel suddenly self-conscious. “Not everybody can be as calm as you always are.” I want it to sound flirty, but it’s not. My voice comes out in a shaky whisper.
He laughs. “You think I’m calm? Trust me when I say, I’m so not calm. I’ve never met anybody like you, and I’m scared that I am going to do something stupid to screw this up. I like you — more than I probably should. I’m just hoping that I don’t ruin this. I want there to be an us.”
He shuts the door, and as he is walking around the car I have a mini freak out session.
So, this is a date. He definitely wants to be more than friends. The problem with that is, now I’m freaking out because I don’t want a relationship. At least not right now. It’s not because of Ty. It’s because of me. I’m over a thousand miles away from everything I have ever known — my home, my mom, my life. But how cliché of me would it be to say “it’s not you, it’s me”? Even if it’s true, it’s lame.
Ty gets in the driver’s seat and looks over at me. “I’m sorry if that freaked you out.”
I shrug my shoulders, pretending like it’s no big deal. “You didn’t freak me out.”
“Promise?”
“Promise,” I lie. Sometimes a lie is better than the truth. And this is definitely one of those times. Besides, how can I trust my own feelings when I don’t even understand them? I obviously like Ty. I want to be here with him, or else I would’ve told him no. So it’s not really a lie, I convince myself. Besides, this date is just Ty and me wanting to get to know each other better. It’s not like he’s suddenly going to ask me to go steady with him.
“What kind of music do you like?” he asks, as he switches on the radio.
“Anything that I can dance to,” I answer.
“You dance?”
“Yes, but not very good.”
“Too bad. I’d love to see you in a cheerleading uniform.”
I clear my throat. I’m pretty sure that he just complimented my body, but I’ve never actually considered myself to have a good figure. I decide to change the subject. “So do you play football?”
“Just because my dad was in the NFL doesn’t mean I have to follow in his footsteps.” Ty’s voice ices over at the mention of his father.
“I’m sorry. I actually forgot that your dad played, but I didn’t mean anything by it,” I say in my defense. “I just thought that you did, since you made the cheerleading comment.”
He sighs. “No, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have jumped you. My father has been on me my whole life about football, but I’ll never be as good as him. I quit playing my sophomore year. It really eats him up that I’m not like him.”
“It’s really a different world here. My mom’s always been so supportive of me in everything I do, so I can’t say that I understand. It must suck to have a famous dad. I bet everybody just expects you to follow in his footsteps.”
“You do have a famous dad,” he counters.
I shrug. “It’s different though. I just met my dad. His expectations of me are pretty low at the moment. I’m barely allowed to dress myself.”
“Oh yeah. Because of your devil-worshiping clothes.” Ty laughs, hard. “Gabe told me about that.”
“I bet Gabriel thinks I’m crazy.”
“Not really. He said you were hot.”
I don’t really like the word hot. Beautiful is a good word, sexy even, but hot? It’s not romantic at all.
Not that I have romantic feelings for Gabe anyway.
“So how are you liking your new stepbrother?” Ty is obviously better at making conversation than I am. He is carrying the whole conversation. I suck.
“Toby is…” I pause, searching for a word to best describe him. “Interesting. I didn’t think I would like him at first, but he already feels like my brother.”
“The last year for him has been pretty rough. I think having you there is good for him.” I wonder what Ty means by this. How was last year rough for Toby? I am about to ask when we pull up to the Indian restaurant. “We’re here.”
I unbuckle my seat belt and am about to open my door.
Ty stops me. “Let me open your door.”
I look at him, unsure of what to say. It’s really sweet that he’s opening my door, but as he walks around the car, I feel awkward again.
It must be me. I’m just an awkward person. Dates are supposed to be fun, right? We are going to eat awesome food, watch a band perform, and then he’s going to drive me home. That’s it. It’s not a commitment. It’s just a fun night with somebody I’m getting to know.
I manage to calm myself down, and I smile as Ty grabs my hand and helps me out of the car. Once I’m out of the car, he doesn’t let go of my hand. I’ve never held hands with a guy before, but I like the feeling. My hand seems so tiny in his.
“Your hand is so soft,” he tells me as we walk inside.
“Thanks.” My voice sounds very timid. Should I tell him his hands are soft too?
No. Definitely not. No guy wants to be told their hands are soft.
“You say thank you a lot,” Ty says.
“Umm, sorry.”
Ty grins at me. “I know you’ve never kissed a guy before. I’m wondering… is this your first date?”
I want to lie. So bad. But I am a terrible liar. My face always turns red, and I avoid eye contact. I figure I may as well just tell him the truth, because he will know either way.
“Yes, this is my first date. I honestly wasn’t even sure this was a date until Courtney, Ariana, and Victoria told me.” I shut my mouth. Why did I tell him the last part? Not only am I a loser who has never been out on a date, now I’m a loser who can’t even tell when a guy is asking her out.
“I think it’s awesome that you’re… inexperienced. Not every guy likes a girl who has been around.”
I ponder his words as the hostess walks us to our table. While we played Never Have I Ever last week, I found out a lot about Ty… Enough to know that he has been around. A lot. Maybe he was too drunk to remember, but I won’t ever forget. Is that the only reason he likes me? Because he wants to be my first? Maybe he has a thing for virgins.
We sit down at the table and order our drinks. We both look over the menu.
“About what I said… I know it seems very hypocritical of me, seeing as how I have been around a lot, but I wish I could take it all back. I wish my first time would have been with somebody special,” he says, almost as if he’s reading my mind.
“It’s not like I’m expecting fireworks,” I tell him. “I know the probability of happily ever after with the first guy I have sex with is slim. I’m okay with that. I just don’t want to sleep with a hundred guys to figure out who the one is. I’m not even sure if I believe in the one. True love is just a fantasy created by Disney. But maybe I’ll be proven wrong.”
“I’d like to believe in true love — a love that never ends. But in my experience, it is just a myth. I won’t give up hope though. In the end, hope is all we have. Hoping for something is better than nothing.”
In that moment, I realize that I really don’t know Ty. But I want to know him. I didn’t expect his optimism. I didn’t expect him to be so sweet. I judged him prematurely.
Ty Newman is definitely somebody worth dating.

10:33 PM
Let me kiss you.

The concert was a blast. Though, when it comes to Ty, I think he could make anything fun.
“What did you think of the band?” Ty asks.
“They were a little too indie rock for my taste,” I answer. I hope it doesn’t offend him. “They really should have the blonde girl sing lead. She’s got an amazing voice. The guy tries way too hard.”
“I completely agree. I’ve told them that, but they don’t believe me. They said her voice is too pop.”
“No way!” I shake my head. “They have so much potential.”
“I know, right?” He shakes his head. “I didn’t know you were so into music. Do you play any instruments?”
“I wish, but no. What about you?”
“Nope. Some people are better at listening, and I am one of those people,” he admits.
I laugh. “I feel ya. I gave up after about ten guitar lessons when I was twelve. I just couldn’t get it. I wish I would have stuck with it now. Maybe I would have my own rock band if I had.”
As we pull into my driveway, I feel a little disappointed that the night is over. I am far from ready for it to be over.
“Did you have fun tonight?” he asks, as he pulls the car to a stop at the front of the circle drive.
“I did,” I admit. “I actually can’t remember the last time I had so much fun.”
“I like you.” Ty is studying me, like he’s trying to figure out what I’m thinking. Then his eyes glance down at my lips, and I realize what he wants. He wants to kiss me, but he doesn’t want to do anything I’m not ready for. “Kihanna?”
“Yeah?” I whisper. I’m afraid that if I speak too loud, the magical moment will be over.
“I’m going to kiss you,” he says boldly, giving me a chance to tell him to back off if I want. But I don’t want him to back off. I want this kiss.
I nod. “Okay.”
Ty slowly leans closer to me. His lips are half an inch away from mine. Close enough that I can feel the warmth from them. I bravely close the distance between us. Our lips touch, and Ty kisses me. His lips are so soft against mine. His kisses are sweet. I’m relieved to find that kissing isn’t hard. It feels completely natural. I just do exactly what Ty does. I move my lips to the same rhythm as him.
He puts his arms around my waist and pulls me closer. I put my hands on his chest. I want to feel more of him. I want to be closer to him. It’s like now that I’ve had a taste of him, it’s not enough. My thoughts surprise me, so I pull back gently.
“Wow,” I hear him say.
“Good wow, or bad wow?” I ask.
Even though it’s dark in the car, I can see that he has a huge smile on his face. “It’s definitely a good wow. An amazing wow.”
“Good,” I reach for the doorknob.
“I’ll walk you to the door.”
“If you do, will you kiss me again?” I ask.
He nods. “Definitely.”
“Good.”



Sunday, August 29
9:47 AM
Brunch 2.0




Sunday means it’s time for our weekly family meal. Last week, Dad had a work emergency and had to bail, so I faked sick. I didn’t want to go and hang out with Veronica, Toby, and the Johnson family alone. Thankfully Dad is coming today.
“No gothic clothes today, I see,” Toby says, as we walk down the stairs.
I look down at my pale yellow polo shirt and my khaki skirt. “It’s not really me, but anything to keep the peace. I figure I better not push my luck after the fight last Thursday.”
“They’ve already forgotten. Trust me.”
“Not likely,” I counter as we walk outside. “They still haven’t forgotten the devil clothes.”
Toby laughs. “Let’s hope brunch 2.0 is better.” He starts to get in his car.
“Can I ride with you?” I still find it strange that everybody in this family takes four separate cars to get to the same place.
He looks at me weird. “Ugh, sure.”
As I get into the car, I check my phone to see if Ty has sent me a text. He hasn’t. I’m not sure if he’s supposed to talk to me today. Last night was amazing. But I’m not sure if it was just a one night thing, or if he’s going to want to date more.
Maybe it’s too soon to be thinking about it, but I wonder if we will ever be more than friends. I never thought I would actually want to have a relationship with somebody before I went to college. I always thought high school romance was pointless. But I had fun with Ty. We could go to parties, school dances, concerts… And we’d get to make out. Besides, I definitely do not want to be a virgin when I’m a college freshman. Ty is experienced. He’d be the perfect guy to lose my virginity to.
I silently scold myself. Why am I thinking about this? I’ve gone on one date with him. For all I know, he thought I was lame.
“What are you thinking about so hard?” Toby asks.
“Nothing,” I quickly respond. “So does our family do everything with the Johnson family?”
“Unfortunately, yes,” he answers. “Dad’s company, and Jack Johnson’s company works together a lot, therefore we do everything together. Brunch is just the beginning, sis. We do holidays together, vacations, fundraisers, and on the rare occasion that we go to church, we do that together too.”
“At least Gabe is nice.” I’m trying to look on the bright side.
I think about Mom. I miss her. I miss our traditions. I know that I will adjust to my new family, but it’s going to take time. I can’t help but wonder what my life would be like if I was raised this way. Would I think this was normal? I can’t imagine it, but I know it must be true.
“Gabe’s not bad. He used to be a lot more fun before…” Toby’s voice trails off.
“Before what?”
“It’s not really my story to tell. You should wait for Gabe to tell you.”
I want to protest, but I know Toby’s right. I should hear Gabe’s story from Gabe.
“So are you going to tell me how last night’s date went?”
I can’t help but smile when he asks. “It was good. Ty was a gentleman. He was different than what I expected, too.”
“So you expected him to be a jerk?”
I shake my head. “Not exactly. But I didn’t expect him to be so… normal. Last night was one of the best nights of my life. He was sweet and chivalrous. It was a lot of fun.”
“But not too much fun, right?” Toby confirms.
I laugh. “No. All he did was kiss me goodnight.”
“Aw, my baby sister got her first kiss!” Toby fakes enthusiasm.
“I’m two months younger than you.” I roll my eyes.
“Are you going to have sex with him?”
“Toby! Oh my gosh, you are… inappropriate.”
“I know.” He grins mischievously.
“If it makes you feel any better, you will be the third person to know when it finally happens.”
“Third? I want to be first.”
“Well me and the guy I lose it with will be the first to know.” I give him a duh look.
“Right. And there’s still not a chance that it could be me that you lose it to?”
“Definitely not.” I shake my head at him.
Toby pulls his car to the front of the country club, and one of the valets opens my door and helps me out.
“I will so never get used to this,” I tell Toby as we head inside. Today they didn’t ask for my I.D. Of course, they know me now. How could they not after the huge scene we made last time I was here.
“You will, and I bet it won’t even take that long. I don’t even notice it anymore.”
“How long have Dad and Veronica been married?” I ask him.
“They’ve been together since I was eleven,” he answers.
“So, was your family rich before? Or was this all new to you?”
“My dad was a big shot lawyer in Arizona. We were well off, but nothing like this,” Toby explains. “But my family was pretty dysfunctional before Mark Evers swooped in. My dad had a drinking problem and liked to use my mom and me as punching bags when he had too much to drink.”
I can’t help but notice that Toby refers to his dad in the past tense. I wonder what happened to him… Poor Toby. He had such a rough life. My heart hurts for him, but I’m glad he’s opening up to me. I want to ask him questions, but we reach the table before I have the opportunity.
“Kihanna.” Veronica smiles up at me. “You look absolutely lovely today.”
“Thanks.” I take a seat beside Gabe, and Toby sits across from me.
“I liked your other outfit better,” Gabe whispers in my ear.
I laugh out loud at his comment but stop when Veronica shoots me a dirty look. I lean over toward Gabe. “I figured after the incident at school on Thursday I would be pushing my luck if I didn’t dress like this. The wrath of Veronica is not to be underestimated.”
“You seem like the kind of girl who can hold her own.”
“Stop hitting on my sister,” Toby tells Gabe. “Besides, I think she’s already into somebody else.”
Gabe looks at me questioningly. “Who?”
“Ty Newman. But it was just one date,” I say, though I’m not sure why I feel like I have to explain myself to Gabriel. “We went to see this band. They were lame, but it was fun. Ty is a pretty cool guy.”
“Glad you had fun.” His tone of voice changed as he said it. It wasn’t his normal flirty-fun voice. He sounded uptight and proper. I hope I didn’t offend him. Maybe he doesn’t like Ty.
Memo to self: don’t bring up Ty around Gabe.
The rest of brunch feels very awkward. Toby and I joke around, but Gabe doesn’t relax. I wonder why the subject of Ty makes him so uptight. Maybe after I get to know him better, I will ask. Or maybe I will ask Ty.
Why do I feel like the more I get to know everybody, the less I actually know them?

1:47 PM
The pool boy.

I’ve been here over two weeks now and still haven’t used the pool. Today seemed like the perfect day for it. I put on a white and pink polka dot bathing suit and head toward the pool.
“You’re going swimming and you didn’t invite me?” I hear Toby ask as I walk through the foyer.
“You can swim with me if you want,” I offer.
“I better not. It’s really hard to remember that you’re my stepsister when you’re dressed like that.” He shakes his head. “You are way too hot for your own good.”
“Puh-lease,” I wave him off. “Everybody here is freaking gorgeous. I’m like Raggedy Ann next to these people.”
Toby snorts. “Whatever. You look like a freaking supermodel. Why do you think Jacqueline Hoff hates you so much?”
“She hates everybody, Toby. Not just me.”
“Yeah, but she hates you most. She’s jealous of you. Do you know how much plastic surgery she’s had? And still she is not half as good-looking as you.” Toby glances down, so I cover myself with a towel.
“Thank you, but I think you’re biased. Jacqueline is just a horrible bitch who is targeting me because I’m new. That’s it.” With that, I walk away, careful to keep myself covered.
I make my way to the pool and lay the towel in a pool chair. I stick my toe in the water to see how cool it is. In St. Louis, a pool in August would feel like a very warm bath, but Mountain View is a whopping seventy-five degrees today. I am surprised to feel that the pool is warm.
“You’re not supposed to feel of the water before you jump in.”
The voice makes me jump. I turn around to see a guy who looks about twenty standing there. He’s not wearing a shirt, and to say he has nice abs is an understatement. I try not to stare too long, but I’m pretty sure he has a six-pack. He’s tanned, so I can tell he’s spent a lot of time outside this summer.
“Who are you?” I question.
“Brian. I’m the pool boy,” he answers. “And you must be the daughter. Kihanna, right?”
I nod. I’m still trying to avoid looking at his perfectly chiseled body. Why can’t high school boys look like that? Damn he’s hot. And from the way he’s smiling at me, I think he knows what I’m thinking. He has a nice smile.
I look him in the eyes. He has beautiful, dark brown eyes — they’re the same color as his hair. He has messy, just got out of bed hair, but it works for him.
“The pool is heated. You can swim year-round,” he explains. It’s then that I realize I am still staring at him.
“Cool,” I say lamely, then jump in the pool. When I come out of the water, Brian is still standing there looking at me. “So, Brian, how often are you here?” Oh my God. My voice was flirty. What the heck? I feel my face grow warm. “I mean… I just don’t want to bother you…”
“You don’t bother me. I think things are going to be a lot more interesting here with you around.” He winks at me and walks off. My heart is beating fast, and I take a deep breath trying to calm down.
I’m going to have to swim more often.



Monday, August 30
12:32 PM
Girlfriend?




I didn’t hear from Ty at all on Sunday. I don’t know if that is normal, but I definitely wanted to talk to him after the intense kiss that we shared in his car. I’m hoping that I get another kiss like that.
“So, how was your date?” Courtney asks as she, Ariana, and Victoria sit down at the lunchroom table.
I can’t hide my smile for long. “It was amazing. More than amazing. It was… possibly one of the best nights of my life.”
“What did you do?”
“First we went to get food, and we talked, like a lot. I don’t know if that’s normal for a first date, but we really clicked. He’s so sweet. And then we went to a concert. The band was mediocre, but I had fun because I was with him. And then he took me home…” I take a drink of my water.
Ariana and Victoria go, “aw”.
“Then what? Did he kiss you?” Courtney pushes me for more info.
I’m afraid I won’t be able to answer without squealing, so I nod my head. “It was… awesome. I never wanted him to stop kissing me.” I touch my lips, thinking about the way his lips felt against mine. “I hope he kisses me again. He didn’t call me yesterday, so maybe he doesn’t like me.”
“He’s coming this way,” Ariana whispers to me.
I look over just in time to see him sit beside me.
“Hey, Beautiful,” he whispers to me, and then turns to everybody else at the table. “Hey, guys.”
“Hello, Ty,” Courtney says. “We… uh… forgot to get something to drink. We will be back.”
Arianna, Courtney, and Victoria all get up from the table quickly, leaving me alone with Ty… Great… Now they made it awkward.
“I had a lot of fun Saturday night.” Ty puts his arm around me, and I like it there.
“I did too.” I can’t stop smiling when I’m with Ty.
“I want to take you out again.”
“Okay,” I agree.
Ty looks a little nervous. “I know this may seem a little bit forward, and I know that it’s way too soon, but… What I’m trying to say is I don’t want you to date anybody. Besides me, that is.”
“You want me to be your girlfriend?”
He nods his head.
Oh my gosh.
It is soon. Way too soon. And the rational side of my brain wants to tell him no for now. I should get to know him better. But the rational part of my brain isn’t winning. It’s the side that is controlled by my hormones. I like Ty. I enjoyed being with him. I like kissing him. And even though it is too soon, I kind of want to be his girlfriend.
“I would like that,” I finally say.
Once the words leave my mouth, I panic for half a second. I’ve never been in a relationship before. But it’s not like I’m promising him forever. I’m just promising him right now. I can deal with the right now.
Ty sighs with what seems like relief. “I thought you were going to turn me down there for a minute.
“Well, you’re right. It is too soon. But I like you.”
“I like you too.” He grabs my hand. “So, what are you doing after school?”
“I have janitorial duty. It’s day one of punishment for me,” I answer.
“Oh right. You punched Jacqueline. That was awesome,” he says. “How long does the punishment last?”
“I will finish my last shift at five on Friday.” I am wishing that I could fast-forward to Friday. This week is going to suck. I just hope they don’t expect Jacqueline and me to work together.
“Friday night, me and a bunch of other people are flying down to my dad’s beach house in Malibu. It’s basically going to be a weekend long party. It’s going to be awesome… Will you come?” Ty looks at me with his sexy eyes. I don’t think I could say no if I wanted to. Which I don’t.
“I will have to ask my dad. I’m not sure how he normally is with this kind of stuff.”
“Toby is coming.”
“Oh, then I’m sure he will let me come. I will ask him tonight,” I say.
Courtney, Ariana, and Victoria all come back to the table. I notice that none of them are carrying a drink. They sit down, and Ty stands up. “I have to get to class. I’ll see you later, Kihanna.”
“Later.” I wave as he walks off.
“Jacqueline is shooting you dirty looks,” Courtney informs me.
I look over to where Jacqueline is and see that she is giving me dirty looks. Like worse than normal. I see that her bruise is starting to heal. Under her eyes the black has faded to purple and yellow. I giggle to myself. “What’s her problem? Is she still mad about her nose?”
Victoria snorts. “She’s probably more mad that Ty was sitting with you.”
“Why?” I look at the three of them. What do they know that I don’t?
“Jacqueline is Ty’s ex-girlfriend.” Courtney is the one to answer. “They only dated for like three months. It was nothing serious. I think they just used each other for sex.”
“Like that makes it any better.” I suddenly feel sick to my stomach.
“No, this is a good thing, Kihanna. You have something that she can’t,” she says, getting excited. “Ty broke up with Jacqueline. She didn’t take it too well. The fact that he’s dating you is like the ultimate insult to her. This is perfect.”
“We’re officially together now. Like in a relationship,” I tell them.
“AWESOME!” the three of them agree.
I thought it was awesome until I found out Jacqueline Hoff was his ex. Why did he not tell me? I mean, obviously we haven’t dated long enough for him to give me a list of his ex-girlfriends, but it seems like he would’ve told me his ex was my arch-nemesis.
The bell rings and I’m more than ready to get the hell out of the lunchroom.

3:34 PM
Punishment.

The most dreaded part of the day is here. It’s officially punishment time… I normally wouldn’t mind cleaning the school. I did something bad and I should be punished. I just wish that Jacqueline wasn’t going to be here with me. Being around her isn’t punishment… it’s torture.
As soon as my last class is over, I walk to the basement. Jacqueline isn’t there yet, but Kasbian is. I wave at him, and he walks over to me.
“Hey, Kihanna.”
“Hey.”
“Ready for your week of punishment?”
I shrug my shoulders. “This won’t be so bad.” Just then we both turn to see Jacqueline walk down. She’s already giving me dirty looks. I lean over and whisper in his ear. “Well, maybe it will be.”
“It’s like the principal is punishing the whole janitorial staff,” he jokes.
We both laugh and Jacqueline fake smiles. “Does Ty know you’re flirting with the janitor?”
I glare at her, but choose not to comment. Kasbian looks at me questioningly. “You and Ty Newman? Are you two a couple?”
“They just made it official today,” Jacqueline answers him for me, in her fake-sweet voice. She then turns to me. “I hope you enjoy my leftovers. I’m sure you will. He is very good in bed… Oh, wait. I’m sorry. I forgot that you’re a virgin. My bad.”
“Might I remind you that I am the one who broke your nose? I haven’t always had my daddy’s money to bail me out of things, and I know how to fight. Don’t mess with me,” I threaten.
Mr. Dekoven, the head janitor, walks into the basement. “Good. You’re both here. Kasbian, you can take the redhead. And blonde girl, I’ll show you what you’re going to be doing.”
Jacqueline rolls her eyes, but follows Mr. Dekoven.
“He does know my hair isn’t red, right?” I ask as I follow Kasbian back up the stairs.
“It has copper highlights though,” he says. “It does kind of look red. But guys like redheads, so it’s okay.”
I roll my eyes. “Right. Cause I totally care about impressing guys.”
Kasbian stops as we reach the top and turns toward me. “Are you really with Ty Newman?”
“Yeah.” My voice comes out in a whisper. “We went out Saturday night, and we clicked. We are both into the same things and have a lot in common. He asked me today if I wanted to be his girlfriend, and I said yes.”
“The only thing Ty Newman wants a girl for is sex,” he warns me.
“I know how to say no,” I defend myself.
Kasbian sighs heavily. “Why did you agree to be his girlfriend? You barely know him. Why not wait a few more weeks, or months even. You just moved here. How do you know that he is the only guy that would be interested in dating you? And maybe you’d be interested in those guys too.”
“I don’t know,” I answer truthfully. “All I know is that I really like Ty right now. It doesn’t mean I’ll always be with him. But he’s fun and smart. He understands me. Besides, who else would want to date me, Kasbian? I’m a Raggedy Ann in a sea of Barbies. I can’t compete with these girls.”
“Not everyone wants plastic. Some guys like girls who are real, and you’re the realest person they have ever met. Don’t sell yourself short. Don’t go for Ty Newman. You deserve better.”
I’m not sure how to reply. What Kasbian said made total sense, but I don’t understand why he’s telling me this. “Let’s just get to work.”
Kasbian looks disappointed. “Okay.”

8:27 PM
Virgin ears.

The rest of janitorial duty was awkward, to say the least. Kasbian stayed mostly silent, and so did I. I wasn’t sure exactly what I could say to him. How do I explain to somebody what I am doing when I am not even sure myself?
So after scrubbing toilets for an hour and a half, I came home, showered, and waited for my dad to come home from work. I was hoping that tonight wouldn’t be another long night. I want to ask him about the weekend, and I am praying that he doesn’t turn me down. While I wait, I decide to call my mom. I haven’t talked to her much the last few days, just mostly via text. It wasn’t like her to not call me more often, so I wanted to make sure she was doing alright.
“Hello,” she answers. Her voice sounds different, and for a moment, I almost don’t recognize her. She sounds… older… if that’s possible.
“Hey, Mom,” I greet her, trying not to sound alarmed. I’m sure she just had a long day at work. She is almost forty. Maybe her age is catching up with her. “I miss you.”
“I miss you too.” Her voice sounds a bit more chipper. “How is everything in California? Are you getting along better with Veronica and Toby?”
“Me and Toby are getting along well. Veronica, well, she’s Veronica. I’m not sure what other way I can explain her. She just gets really excited and forgets that I’m a real person and not her puppet.” I try to describe her. “But it’ll all work out. She’s getting better.”
“That’s good. What about your dad?”
“Well, Dad works a lot.” I twirl my hair around my index finger. “I wish I could spend more time with him, but I understand. We have brunch together every Sunday, and he’s taking a whole week off in two months. We are going skiing for Thanksgiving.”
“Skiing?” My mom laughs. It’s good to hear it. I miss her laugh. “Well, I guess every family has their own traditions.”
“I guess so.”
“Have you met any boys you’re interested in?”
I clear my throat. “Well, there is this one guy…” I tell her the whole story. I tell her about our date Saturday night and about how he asked me to be his girlfriend. I also tell her about Kasbian and what he said today.
“It sounds like this Kasbian guy has a crush on you.”
“Do you think?” I ask. “I don’t know. It’s so hard for me to tell. I’m not good at reading guys. I just wish I knew what to do.”
“Just follow your heart. I know that you will make the right decision.”
After getting off the phone with my mom, I finish up my homework. I am about to go to bed because I’m tired of waiting on Dad, but when I look outside, I see his car pull up. I go into the foyer to wait on him.
“Hey, Kihanna,” he greets me when he walks inside.
“Hey, Dad.” I give him a hug. “I was wondering if you had time to talk?”
“Sure. What’s up?”
“Well…” I bite my lip nervously. “I got invited to Ty Newman’s Malibu beach house this weekend. A bunch of people are going, even Toby. We are going to fly out Friday night and come back Monday night. And I was wondering if I could go.”
“If Toby is going, I don’t see why not,” Dad says. “Are Mike and Angela going to be there?”
Probably not. “Um, I’m sure they will be.” I fake a smile.
“So what’s the deal with Ty? Is he your boyfriend or something?”
“Something like that…” I answer, nonchalantly.
“And you’re not just going there to have sex with him?”
“UGH! Virgin ears, remember?” I remind him, covering my ears. My dad has talked with me about sex enough to scar me for a lifetime.
“Well your ears and the rest of you, better stay virgin while you’re gone. I am trusting you.” He starts to walk up the stairs, but then he turns back to me. “By the way, I’m really glad you’re here, Kihanna.”
“Me too, Dad. I love you.”
“Love you too.”



Friday, September 3
7:32 PM
It’s you




The week passes painfully slow, but at last, Friday is here. I couldn’t be more relieved. My punishment is finally over. Things were very awkward with Kasbian all week, and I couldn’t handle much more silence from him. His disapproval of my boyfriend is unsettling, to say the least. What I don’t understand is why I’m letting Kasbian’s opinion mean anything. I don’t know him very well. I’ve never seen him outside of school. For all I know he stashes bodies away in his basement… Okay, maybe that’s a stretch. It just proves that Ty and I have been watching too many scary movies.
I hung out with Ty a couple nights after I finished janitorial duty. We went swimming one night. Thankfully the pool boy, Brian, was off that night. Last night we watched scary movies in his theater.
Yep.
He has a freaking theater in his room. Who needs AMC? I’ve got The Theater of Ty.
I will admit it has been kind of awesome. No teenagers texting, no children crying, nobody getting up to go to the bathroom, and of course, the best part — ultra comfortable seats!
Ty is a complete gentleman too. All we’ve done is kiss, and he has never pushed me for more. I didn’t expect it. Even though I know he is not just using me for sex, it makes me feel good to know that he’s letting me set the pace. He’s kept his hands to himself. Unfortunately, that’s not all he’s kept to himself… He hasn’t French kissed me. I suppose that I could initiate, but every time I try I end up chickening out. I don’t know why. It’s just a tongue. I’m sure Ty’s had his tongue in a lot of places. But my mouth is not one of them. I can’t be too bummed out though, because this weekend is going to be amazing.
“So, have you ever ridden in a private jet?” Ty asks, as we ride to the airport in the back of a limo. There are a lot of us crammed inside, and Ty is pushed tightly against me. I don’t mind.
“No. Dad offered to send me a jet, when I flew to Cali, but it was all a bit overwhelming. I needed one last normal thing before my life was turned upside down, so I flew commercial,” I say. “I also regretted my decision half way through the flight when a forty year old man fell asleep on my shoulder.”
“Well, the plane we are taking is Gabe’s Dad’s plane. It’s a G650, and it is very luxurious,” he explains.
“Why are we taking Jack Johnson’s plane?” I ask.
“Gabe’s coming. He is going to meet us at the airport,” he explains. “He’s a lucky bastard. His Dad just lets him do whatever the hell he wants.”
Well, there goes my theory that Ty and Gabe hate each other. I decide to push a little for more information. “Oh, I didn’t know you two were friends.”
“We’ve been best friends since grade school,” he responds, then proceeds to tell me more about the plane. I tune him out, because I feel confused. Maybe Gabriel is sad because he feels like he’s losing his best friend. Or maybe he doesn’t think I’m good enough for Ty. That could be it. I did make a really bad first impression at my first family brunch.
Maybe I should just ask Gabe.
My mind quickly rejects the idea. I hate confrontation. I’d much rather just show him that I’m not a bad person. I will make it my weekend mission to become friends with Gabriel. I will get his approval.
“Do you mind sharing a room this weekend?” Ty asks me, as we are pulling to the airport.
I look at him, not sure how to respond. “I don’t know, Ty…”
“We don’t have to have sex. I will be good, and I will keep my hands to myself,” he promises. “It’s just with everybody going, it’s either you share with me or your stepbrother.”
I look over at Toby. He sees me and winks at me. I turn back to Ty. “Okay, but I’m not having sex with you this weekend.”
Ty smiles mischievously. “I’ve never had to work so hard to get a girl in bed before.”
“Is that what this is? Just you trying to get me to have sex with you?” I am really hoping this isn’t one big seduction plan.
“Kihanna Evers…” He looks at me very seriously. “Do I want to have sex with you? Yes. You’re so fucking sexy. But I also respect you, and I will wait until you’re ready. It should be special. Your first time should be a night you never forget. And I want to be your first… eventually.”
I have thought about Ty being my first, and I have to admit I like the idea. Obviously I’m not ready right now, but when I am he would the perfect guy. “I’m glad you respect me, but I’m definitely not ready this weekend. I’m not sure if I will be ready anytime soon. Are you sure you want to wait?”
“If anybody is worth waiting for, it’s you.”
I’m pretty sure my heart just melted into a puddle right then and there. Before I have a chance to respond, the limo comes to a stop and everybody starts getting out. When we step out of the limo I am surprised to see that the private jet is pretty big. In my head I guess I pictured it small.
“Whoa.”
I feel an arm go around me, and I look up to see Toby standing there. “What do you think, sis?”
“I think that this is a bit extravagant for a bunch of teenagers going on a weekend vacation,” I answer honestly. “But wow. This is… incredible.”
“Your dad’s jet is a lot bigger,” he tells me.
It’s in that moment, I feel like I understand everybody better. This is completely normal for them. They have had everything that they’ve ever wanted. If they want to go on a trip, they just hop on a jet. They don’t have to worry about money. They don’t have to wait.
Ty grabs my hand, and Toby follows us as we walk up the stairs and board the plane. Inside, it’s not at all what I expect. It doesn’t look like a commercial plane at all. There are huge leather seats that look amazingly comfortable. They’re all spread apart so there is plenty of leg room, but there are only about twelve seats. There are tables between each of the chairs, and the chairs swivel. Ty and I sit beside each other.
“Are you a nervous flyer?” Ty buckles his seatbelt.
I shake my head. “No. Me and my mom always vacation every summer. When I was a kid I loved it, and now I’m just used to it.”
“Tell me about your mom.”
I smile, thinking about her. I miss her a lot. “We haven’t ever been apart before now, so it’s hard being here without her. She’s amazing. When she walks into a room, she lights it up. She’s so positive and outgoing. She is beautiful. She has dark brown hair and beautiful blue eyes. I wish I looked more like her.”
“Your mom sounds awesome. I can see why you’re so amazing,” he says. “But it’s hard to imagine you being any more beautiful. I think you’re perfect the way you are.”
Aw. He’s either the sweetest guy on the planet, or he’s working really hard to get laid. Either way, I’ll take his compliments. “You’re amazingly sweet.”
“I only speak the truth,” he promises.
Yep. He definitely wants sex.

11:31 PM
Tequila

As soon as we get to Ty’s house in Malibu, the party starts. Ty and Gabe light a big bon fire, and everybody starts drinking. It doesn’t take long for everybody to get drunk. Toby and a few others are smoking weed, and I’m the only one not drinking or smoking.
“Kihanna!” A very drunk Jason yells as he walks over to me. He’s holding a red Solo cup. “You…” He points at me. “Need to loosen up.” He holds out the cup. “Drink this.”
I take the drink from him and smell it. My nose is burning. “Gross, no.”
He laughs. “You’re not supposed to smell! Just tip it up and chug.”
I start to say no, but then I decide why not? Everybody else is already drunk. Maybe it will be less boring if I have a little. I put the drink up to my lips and start to swallow. It burns my throat, and I pull it away after a couple of sips.
“What is this?” I ask, coughing.
“Tequila,” Jason answers. “And drink the rest of that.”
I plug my nose and put the drink back to my lips. I finish it off and toss the empty cup into the trash.
“Good girl!”
“How do you drink that? It’s disgusting!”
“The next one will taste better,” Jason promises. “See you later, babe.”
Jason stumbles off about the time Ty walks up. He puts his arm around me. “Hey, Kihanna. You look like really good.”
Wow. That was so random. “Umm, thanks.”
“Seriously. I’m like so fucking lucky,” he continues. “You’re so hot and sexy. I just… I want to lick you.”
I have no idea why, but I laugh. Hard. “You want to lick me?”
“Yeah!” Ty nods. “Can I?”
“Where?”
“Right here,” he answers, motioning around us. “I don’t care who sees.”
I laugh. “No. Where would you lick me at? Like on my body.”
Ty smiles. “Anywhere you want.”
Hmm… I’m liking this. “How about everywhere?”
Ty looks at me for a second. It’s then that I notice his eyes are glazed over. He gets a very serious look. “Have you been drinking?”
I nod and put my fingers an inch apart. “Just a little bit. Like half a cup. It was so gross, but I can’t feel my fingers.” I laugh and poke his chest. “Can you feel that? I so can’t feel it.”
“What did you drink?”
I think for a second. Crap. What did Jason call it? “T… Tequila! That’s it! It burned my throat.”
“Who gave you tequila?”
“Jason.” The ground starts moving beneath me, and I grab onto Ty’s arm. “How is the sand doing that?” I look up to see it’s not just the ground. The palm trees are moving too. “Whoa.”
“Have you eaten dinner yet?”
I shake my head and feel dizzy from the sensation. Ty grabs me to keep me from falling over. “Oops,” I laugh again. “I think… maybe… I’ve had just a little too much tequila.”
Ty puts his arm around my waist, and I lean into him as we walk.
“You smell so good.” I sniff his chest. “Is it weird that I’m smelling you?”
“I am going to feed you, put you to bed, and then kill Jason,” Ty says.
“Aw.” I pout. “But I don’t want to go to bed.”
Ty pulls me inside the house, and we go to the kitchen. He hands me a slice of pizza. “Eat.” I take the slice from him and take a bite. He grabs a bottle of water from the fridge and takes the lid off. “Drink.” I take a sip.
“I feel sick.” I put down the pizza. “I don’t want any more food.”
“If you don’t eat, you will get a lot sicker,” Ty explains. He looks very angry. “I am going to fucking hurt him. I can’t believe he gave you so much tequila.”
I put my hand on Ty’s face. “You know what I like about you? Your lips. They’re so soft. And they taste so good. We should kiss more.”
Ty grins. “Oh, should we?”
I nod. “Yep!” I put my head on his chest, and he puts his arms around me. “I like it when you hold me too. It’s the best.”
“I think I kind of like you like this.”
I giggle. Why can’t I stop laughing? “I don’t think I can feel my cheeks.” I touch my cheek and feel nothing. The room starts spinning even faster. I’m about to fall when Ty scoops me into his arms.
“Let’s get you to bed.”
“I like bed.” I lean into him as he carries me. “You’re so strong. I bet I’m really heavy.”
“Nah, you’re light.”
“I wish the room would stop spinning,” I say, pouting.
“It will stop. Eventually,” he promises. “I’m going to take you to bed so you can sleep.”
Sleep. Oh, wow, it sounds good. “I like to sleep.”
Before we even get to the bedroom, I feel myself drift off to sleep in Ty’s arms.



Saturday, September 4
9:34 PM
I got a hangover.




I wake up in Ty’s arms. The first thing I smell is his cologne. Normally I love the smell, but this morning it makes me nauseous. I jump out of bed and run to his bathroom. I barely make it to the toilet.
Ugh, what happened last night?
Memories come rushing back to me. Jason. Tequila. Ty… Ugh, Ty. I really, really hope I didn’t say anything stupid to him.
Why was I so drunk? I only drank half a cup of tequila.
“How are you feeling?” I hear Ty ask as I flush the toilet. I still don’t have enough strength to stand up.
“Like shit,” I reply. “Why do I feel like shit?”
“Because you had like four shots worth of tequila,” he answers. “I still have to deal with Jason.”
I groan. “Not this weekend. I’ve had enough drama this week, and I just need a nice, quiet weekend. No Jacqueline. No drama. Just me spending time with my boyfriend and my friends.”
“Your boyfriend.” He smiles. “I really like it when you call me that.”
“Even now, with me sitting with my head in a toilet, you still like me?” I have to ask, because I’d be so grossed out if the roles were reversed.
“Yes. Even now, you’re the most adorable person I have ever met.” With that, Ty leaves me in the bathroom. I push myself off the floor and cringe when I look in the mirror. My hair is sticking up all over, and I have mascara running down my face. It’s then that I realize maybe Ty does like me.
I brush my teeth and take a quick shower before I head into the kitchen. A few people are starting to wake up, and it seems as though everybody looks just as bad as I did when I woke up. A very tired-looking Toby walks over to me. He smells like weed, and his eyes are bloodshot.
“Still high, I see.”
“Always. So, I heard that you had a lot of fun last night.”
“Ugh… I don’t know if I would call it fun. I basically drank too much and passed out. I definitely don’t hold my liquor well.” I feel my stomach lurch, and I hope that I’m not going to get sick again. I really, really don’t want to throw up anymore.
“I think Ty went to grab breakfast for you,” he says. “Once you eat, you’ll feel better.”
“I hope so.” I hold my stomach.
“And that’s why I smoke pot… I’m not hungover.”
“Don’t listen to him.” I hear Gabe’s voice and look up to see him walk up beside me. “It’s all about control. You can’t drink a bunch all at once. Have a couple of shots, and then wait an hour or two before taking another. I drank last night, and I feel fine.”
Toby shrugs. “Still, she needs to try pot at least once.” He turns back to me. “When you change your mind, you know where to find me.”
Toby walks off and I turn to Gabriel. Now is the absolute perfect opportunity to talk to him, and I am going to take it. “So,” I say nervously. “You and Ty are best friends?”
Gabe nods. “Since we were kids.”
“I did not know that.”
“There’s a lot you don’t know about me.” Gabe starts to walk off, so I follow him.
“Well, I’m still getting to know you,” I counter. “I was just surprised to hear that you guys were friends. You had a negative reaction when you heard that we were together.”
“I’m not sure what you mean.” He isn’t looking at me as he replies.
“Do you not think I’m good enough for him?” I wonder out loud. I have to know.
Finally, Gabe’s blue eyes meet mine. “It’s not you who’s not good enough. It’s him. Kihanna, you deserve so much better than him. Better than me. You’re too good.”
His answer shocks me. It wasn’t at all what I expected. “Why do you think your best friend doesn’t deserve me? What did he do that was so bad?”
“Ty hasn’t just done one bad thing. It’s a lot of bad things, Kihanna. His life is bad. It’s not his fault, he didn’t ask for it, but it happened. And you deserve so much better than that. You deserve to be happy. If you stay with him, you will not be the same girl. I don’t want you to lose your sparkle.”
“I’m not going to change,” I promise him. “But please, tell me, what is so bad about Ty?”
“I can’t tell you. I’m sorry. Ty is my best friend, and I want nothing more than to see him happy.” Gabe shakes his head sadly. “You’re special. And for some reason I want to protect you. I don’t fucking understand it. I should just stay out of it, but I can’t. I’m telling you now, you should run… Run as fast as you can. This is no place for you.”
“Gabe, I…” I’m cut off when the door opens. I look up to see Ty walking in, carrying a huge bag of food and coffee.
“I didn’t know what you liked, so I got everything,” he says, setting the food on the counter. He nods at Gabe. “Dude, I got plenty if you want some breakfast.”
Gabriel never takes his eyes off me as he says, “Nah, I’m not hungry.” Then he just turns and walks off, and I’m left there with Ty wondering what the hell just happened.
“Do you like mocha coffee?” he asks me, completely oblivious to the conversation that I just had with his best friend.
Somehow, I find the strength to respond to his question. “I’ve never had it.”
“What?” Ty looks shocked. “You have missed out on life. Something about chocolate and coffee together is heavenly.”
I laugh and take the cup from his hand. “Thank you.”
“For what?”
I motion toward the breakfast. “For all this… And for inviting me this weekend.”
“You’re welcome.”
I like Ty’s smile. Something about him is just so genuine. And maybe he is the absolute wrong guy for me… But I’ll never know unless I give it a shot. I’m definitely not going to let what Gabe said change my mind. I like Ty. My feelings for him are real, and I really want to see where this leads.
Gabriel is wrong.
Or at least I hope he is.



Saturday, October 30
5:33 PM
Fallen angel.




Ty and I have been dating for exactly two months today. Things are good. Our relationship has progressed at a normal pace, I think. All we’ve done is kiss, but I think I’m ready to start doing more. I’ve decided at homecoming, in three weeks, I will be ready to make the final step… Then, I will be ready to have sex. Or at least, I hope I will. I really want Ty to be my first.
Things with Gabriel are still a little tense. He doesn’t understand why I’m dating Ty, and I’m not sure how to explain it to him. I like Ty. He’s sweet, and he doesn’t pressure me to do anything that I don’t want to do. He opens the car door for me, he lets me control the radio (trust me when I say, it’s important), and he brings me flowers three times a week (which is unnecessary, but sweet)… But Gabe seems to think that all of this is just an act. Once Ty gets what he wants he will dump me. And I guess that’s why part of me is scared to make that final step. I’m scared that Gabe will be right.
Every Sunday morning we have brunch with the Johnson family, and they’ve come over numerous times for dinner parties. No matter how hard I try, avoiding Gabe just isn’t possible. And he is a very opinionated person. He won’t just let things be. It’s like he enjoys torturing me.
My dad, as always, works a lot. I see him every Sunday, and occasionally we will go out to lunch or dinner together on the weekend. But he’s a good dad, better than I could have imagined.
I still miss my mom like crazy, but it’s gotten a little easier. I’m excited that Christmas is only two months away. She’s going to fly here and spend two weeks with me. I’m hoping that Veronica won’t make it awkward for her… And I’m also hoping it won’t be awkward for me. My mom, my dad, and my stepmom all under the same roof for two whole weeks. If I wasn’t so ecstatic about seeing my mom, I’d be dreading it.
Veronica has backed off a little. She’s a pushy person in general, but I am stubborn. I think she is starting to learn my boundaries.
I have also learned my own boundaries. I’m learning to be me in this crazy life, but me is changing. I like who I have become, and I hope that the change in me continues to be positive.
Courtney, Ariana, and Victoria have turned out to be such great friends. They’re always here for me, and I for them. I never thought I would have best friends like them. I feel so fortunate.
Jacqueline has backed off since our week of punishment. I haven’t had any more “notes” left on my car, and the dirty looks have been minimal. I’m not so sure if the quiet is good, or bad. Maybe she’s silently plotting my demise.
Today Ty and I are going shopping for Halloween costumes. Gabe is having a huge Halloween party tomorrow night.
“We need matching costumes,” Ty tells me.
I’m not sure how I feel about his suggestion. “I was actually thinking about dressing like a fallen angel,” I tell him.
“A fallen angel?” he asks.
“Yeah, black wings, a black halo, and a tight little black dress.”
Ty nods approvingly. “Tight dress. I’m already liking it. Maybe I can be the devil.”
I laugh hard at his suggestion. “I like that idea.”
“After this, I’m taking you somewhere nice for dinner.”
“Oh?” I raise my eyebrow. “Is this some kind of special occasion?”
We haven’t actually discussed our anniversary, but Ty seems like the sentimental type of guy. I think he’s been keeping tabs. For our one month anniversary we went to the zoo in San Francisco, and he bought me a huge stuffed elephant.
“Maybe.” He winks. “We have reservations at eight.”
“Reservations?” I ask, then look down at my jeans. “I need to change first.”
“Actually, I got you covered,” he informs me.
I look at him questioningly. “Should I be scared right now?”
He shakes his head. “No. But you should be excited. Let’s get our costumes and get out of here.”
“Okay.”

7:43 PM
Perfect

I’m at Ty’s house, getting ready in his bathroom.
Just when I thought Ty couldn’t get anymore awesome, he did. He bought me a red, floral print, silk dress. I don’t know how much it cost, but it feels expensive. He also bought me a pair of shoes, I actually recognize the designer. They’re black Christian Louboutin Daffodile pumps. They have a six-inch heel and my feet hurt just looking at them, but they’re cute.
I slide my foot into the pumps, and I feel like I’m walking on the tips of my toes. I’m just hoping that I don’t trip and fall. I retouch my lip gloss and step out of the bathroom. Ty is standing there. He’s wearing a nice black suit, and he’s holding a bouquet of purple roses.
“You look beautiful,” he says as he checks me out. His eyes land on my legs, which I have to admit looks amazing in this short dress and high heels. “I knew those shoes would look good on you.”
“You did not pick this out yourself,” I say.
Ty smiles, revealing the dimple in his left cheek. “Courtney may have helped a little.”
“That’s what I thought.” I run my hand down the silk of my dress. “This dress is amazing. Thank you, Ty.”
He sets down the roses on his bed and pulls me close to him. He’s wearing my favorite cologne today, and he smells amazing. His runs his hands down my sides, and I shiver against him.
“As awesome as this dress looks on you, I really would love nothing more than to take it off you right now.” He looks at me hungrily.
I want him to rip my dress off.
And then throw me on the bed.
Devour every inch of my body.
But part of me is scared. When we have sex, I want know for certain that I am ready. I want to have no doubts. And something is holding me back.
In my heels, I am eye level with him, so I gently kiss him on the lips.
“I have one more present for you. Turn around,” he instructs.
I turn and feel cold touch my skin. I look down to see a necklace. It has black crystals, diamonds, and grey pearls. “Wow,” is all I can say. I turn around and look at Ty. He’s grinning, obviously satisfied with my reaction.
“You are perfect.” Ty kisses my forehead, and I’m pretty sure that my heart just melted into a puddle at his feet. How is it possible for him to do this to my heart? How can it beat fast and slow at the same time? I’m not sure, but I like it. A lot.
“I didn’t think it was possible for somebody to like somebody as much as I like you.” I sigh happily.
Ty puts his arm around my waist. “Come on. We don’t want to be late for our dinner reservation.”
Fifteen minutes later, we pull into my favorite restaurant. It’s a seafood place, with an amazing lake view. My dad brought me here a few times, and I’ve been dying to come back. I told Ty how good it was, and I thought he wasn’t paying attention because he didn’t respond. I guess he really was.
“You remembered.”
Ty looks confused for a moment, and then he smiles. “I remember everything you say.”
He gets out of the car, and I sit there waiting for him to open my door. I used to try to get out myself, but he always got onto me. Now I know to just sit here until he opens the door. He holds his hand out, and I take it. Once I’m out of the car, he doesn’t let go.
Ty likes to hold hands.
I like to hold his hand.
My hand feels tiny in his huge hands.
I follow Ty inside, and we are seated in the back of the restaurant in a private room. Ty pulls out my seat for me. It’s when he does sweet stuff like this, I think maybe he really is too good to be true.
Damn Gabriel for giving me reason to doubt Ty’s intentions.
Damn me for listening to him! Why can’t I just forget?
I hear my phone vibrate, and I look to see Gabe the Babe pop up. I’m not sure why I haven’t changed it yet, but I just can’t bring myself to.

Gabe the Babe: You’re welcome.

I’m confused by his text. I normally don’t like to use my phone when I’m on dates with Ty, but I reply anyway.

Me: For what?

Gabe the Babe: Knowing you better than your “boyfriend”.

Me: You’re not making any sense.

“Who is that?” Ty asks.
I shake my head. “Just Gabe.”
Ty nods but doesn’t reply. He probably doesn’t think anything about it. Gabe is his best friend. And I’ve never given him a reason not to trust me. Not that I ever would. Especially not with Gabriel.

Gabe the Babe: I told him to take you to Ishmael’s. I know that’s your favorite place to eat.

I look up at Ty, who is smiling at me, and then turn my attention back to my phone.

Me: Why are you trying to ruin my date? And HOW do you even know this is my favorite restaurant?

Gabe the Babe: I know because I pay an unhealthy amount of attention to you.

Me: Whatever, Gabe.

Gabe the Babe: Just ask him.

“I have a question,” I say. I shouldn’t ask. I know Gabriel is just trying to cause tension for some unknown reason, and this is just going to make things very awkward. “Did Gabe tell you that this is my favorite restaurant?”
“Yes, he did.” Ty says it like it’s no big deal.
“Then why did you say earlier that you remember everything I say?”
Ty avoids the question. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to imply anything. I just wanted to do something special for you, and Gabe mentioned this was your favorite place. I know your families are tight. I should’ve told you it was his idea, but I didn’t think it was a big deal.”
Right. Because it’s not a big deal. I’m just making it a big deal because I am a complete spaz. Ugh. Ty deserves so much better than me.
Luckily I don’t have to respond. The waitress comes and takes our drink orders. After, I text Gabe back.

Me: Why are you torturing me?

Gabe the Babe: I’m not trying to. I just want you to be happy. I don’t want him to break your heart.

Me: What does it matter if he breaks my heart?

Gabe the Babe: K, you’re awesome, but sometimes you are really dense.

Me: I wish you would stop talking in circles.

Gabe the Babe: Maybe someday… Have fun on your date.

I put away my phone and focus my full attention on Ty. He’s been taking the last five minutes about a motorcycle that he wants. I have no idea what he’s talking about. Maybe I would have if I would’ve been paying attention from the beginning.
I don’t know why I torture myself by talking to Gabe.
And what’s worse, I don’t know why I am still thinking about him.
Damn those beautiful blue eyes.
“Kihanna?” I hear Ty ask.
Oh gosh. How many times has he said my name? I hope not a lot.
“Yeah?”
“I am sorry that I’ve been rambling,” he apologizes. “I just… I’m kind of nervous.”
“You are nervous?” I question.
“Yeah. There is something that I have kind of been wanting to tell you… for a little while now…” He pauses to take a deep breath. “I don’t want to freak you out, but I think I’m falling in love with you… No… I am in love with you.”
His hazel eyes study me, and he waits for me to respond.
“I love you, too,” I blurt out. It feels awkward to say it. And the truth is, I’m not sure if I do love him. But I like him a lot. He’s been so perfect. And here I am stupidly texting Gabriel while I’m on a date with Ty. What is wrong with me?
If anybody is worth loving, it’s Gabe.
Oh my God.
I mean Ty.
If anybody is worth loving, it’s Ty.
Ty is smiling at me. Like a huge smile. A smile that shows just how much he loves me. And I’m sitting here, thinking about another guy. What is wrong with me?
“I can’t believe you love me too. I never thought somebody as amazing as you could ever love me. I feel like the luckiest guy in the world.” Ty’s words melt my heart. He is so easy to love.
I put all thoughts of Gabe to the back of my mind, and I focus on Ty.
“The feeling is mutual. I don’t feel like I deserve to have somebody as amazing as you. I’m actually surprised that you love me.” I really don’t deserve it.
“There is stuff that you don’t know about me. Stuff that has happened to me in the past. Things I’ve done. Things I’ve seen. I know I’m not good enough for you. I should tell you what has happened, but I’m scared that if I tell you that you will run away. I feel like I need to prove myself to you first.”
“You don’t have to prove anything,” I promise. “I am not going anywhere. The past is past, Ty. I love being with you and what happened doesn’t matter to me. Nothing does except you right now.”
“I know. Someday I will be ready, I promise. Will you be patient with me until then?”
“Always, Ty.” Patience is the least he could ask of me. He’s been nothing but patient with me. What other seventeen year old guy would wait two months to have sex with their girlfriend? I’m guessing not many.



Saturday, October 31
7:33 PM
Slut




“I look like a slut,” I tell Courtney. I try to pull down on my very short black dress, but it doesn’t do any good. When I pull it down, my boobs hang out. When I pull it up, it’s dangerously close to showing my vagina.
“You look hot,” she counters. “And Ty will definitely think so too.”
I grin, because Ty will definitely think I look hot.
I look at myself in the mirror again. I’m wearing a sleeveless, little black dress. I have black wings and a black halo. I have on a pair of five-inch black pumps and the necklace that Ty gave me last night. I look amazing. But I still look like a slut.
“Besides, everybody dresses like a slut on Halloween. It’s like the unwritten girl rule,” Ariana pipes in. “Trust me, my costume is just as skimpy.”
“Puh-lease. I’m going as a zombie cheerleader. There is practically nothing to my costume,” Victoria informs me.
“Speaking of costumes, we better go get ready,” Courtney says. “We’ll meet you there.”
“Later,” I tell them. As they are walking out the door, Toby walks in.
“Wow.” His eyes bug out. “So either you and Ty got it on, or you really like torturing him. That costume is just… fucking hot.”
I laugh. “What are you supposed to be?”
Toby doesn’t have a costume on. “I don’t do Halloween.”
“Oh, you’re not coming to the party?”
“I’m coming to the party,” he corrects me. “I always am up for a party. I just don’t dress up for Halloween. I think it’s all pretty lame.”
“So I have a question.” I change the subject. “So last night, Ty told me that he loves me. Do you think it’s too soon to say it?”
He thinks for a few seconds. “How long have you been together?”
“Two months yesterday.”
Toby shrugs his shoulders. “I don’t know, honestly. I’m not the best person to ask. I have never had a serious girlfriend. But if you feel like you love him, then I don’t think it’s too soon. You should always be honest about your feelings. Besides, how could he not love you?”
“Aw!” I throw my arms around Toby. “You’re the best stepbrother ever.”
He looks down at my cleavage. “If you decide to dump him, I’m still totally willing to do this whole stepbrother-stepsister thing.”
I gently push him away. “You’re disgusting.”
“You love me.”
I nod. “You know I do.”
“You too,” he says. “So, I guess I’ll see you at the party.”
“Later.”
As Toby leaves my room, I can’t help but think about how much I love having a sibling. It’s fun to have somebody to have fun and joke around with. And even though Toby gives me space at parties, I know he always watches out for me. If anybody ever tried to hurt me, he would protect me. I feel safe with him.
I have to be the luckiest girl on the planet.

8:17 PM
Pressure

I take off my shoes to walk down the stairs. I don’t think it matters how long I wear heels, I will never get used to wearing them. Plus, I’m not exactly the most graceful person. So, just because falling down thirty-two steps sounds miserable, I walk down them barefooted. When I reach the bottom, I put on my shoes and look up to see Ty.
“Wow, you look extremely sexy. Fallen angel was an amazing choice,” Ty compliments me. He’s wearing a red devil costume.
“Thanks.”
Ty puts his arm around my waist and gives me a quick kiss on the lips, and then leads me out to his car. He opens my door for me.
“So,” he says as he climbs in the car. “Gabe’s party is going to be kick ass.”
“Gabe always has kick ass parties.” After only two months, I know this. He’s an only child, so his parents let him do anything that he wants. He will take any excuse he can to celebrate.
“He has a guest bedroom if we want to stay there. I’d like to drink and not have to worry about driving.”
“I won’t be drinking, but if you want to stay you can. I can just catch a ride home with Toby.”
“You won’t stay with me?” Ty pouts.
He freaking pouts!
I shake my head. “I don’t want to stay the night at Gabe’s house. We have school tomorrow, and I’d like to get some sleep.”
“We have been dating two months now.”
“I know.” I hope he’s not going where I think he’s going. I’ve already decided homecoming, which is just over two weeks away. But if he pressures me, it’s just going to make me panic.
“I just thought you might want to stay with me.” I can hear the double meaning in his voice, but I decide to pretend like I have no clue what he’s going to say. I’m praying that I’m wrong.
“Why would I need to stay with you?” I ask.
“We’re in love, Kihanna. People in love have sex. I want to show you how much I love you.”
I’m not sure how to take his comment, but I can feel my face growing warmer. “I’m not having sex with you tonight, Ty. I am not ready. You need to respect that.”
“I’ve been respecting it for two fucking months. I haven’t ever gone this long without sex before.”
“Well, I don’t know what to tell you.” I shrug my shoulders. “But I’m not having sex with you tonight.”
He punches his steering wheel. “You’re so frustrating.”
“And you’re an asshole.” I look out the other side of the window. Really I just want to look anywhere by Ty. I don’t understand why he’s acting like this. Is that why he told me he loved me last night? So that I would have sex with him? Ugh, I can’t believe I was even considering having sex with him.
The rest of the car ride to Gabriel’s house is silent. The second Ty stops the car, I jump out and run toward the house. Maybe it’s immature of me, but if I stayed and talked to him right now, I would definitely say something that I would regret.
“Kihanna!” I hear him yell, but I just walk inside.
Gabe is the first to come up to me. He’s exactly who I don’t want to see.
“Nice,” he says, motioning toward my outfit.
I watch Ty walk inside, and head toward us.
“Can you distract Ty? I’m mad at him right now, and I need to calm down before I speak,” I tell him.
“Want to talk?”
Yes, but not to Gabe. I shake my head. “I’m going to go call my mom. I think this is something I need to talk to her about.”
“Go to my room for privacy.”
I go toward the stairs and see Gabe stop Ty. I’ll have to thank him later.
I know exactly where Gabe’s room is. I come here often for parties, and his mom invites Veronica, Toby, and me over for dinner all the time. She understands that my dad works a lot, because her husband works just as many hours. Generally Gabriel, Toby, and I either hang out at the pool, or we watch movies in the theater room. I’ve never actually been inside Gabe’s room.
When I walk inside, it’s not at all what I expected. His room is very clean. Spotless. Though I’m sure the cleaning staff cleans for him. He has a large king-size bed with a fluffy, black bedspread. He has a flat screen TV hanging on the wall, which is currently playing a slide show of pictures. I sit on his bed and watch as I call my mom. I’m surprised to see pictures of me pop up.
There is one of me at the first pool party. Gabe has his arm around me, and we are both smiling for the camera. I had actually forgotten we took that photo. There are some of us at family brunches, and some with me and my friends. I’m so busy watching that I don’t hear when my mom answers.
“Hello?” I hear her yell louder. “Kihanna, are you there?”
“Oh, sorry, Mom,” I say. “How are you?”
“I’m good,” she answers. “Missing you.”
My mom’s voice is hoarse. “Are you sick? You sound like you have a cold or something.”
“Must be allergies.”
This may be an acceptable answer for some people, but I know for a fact that my mom doesn’t have allergies. I decide not to push the issue though. “I’m having boy issues.”
“I thought things were going good with Ty. What’s wrong?”
I sigh sadly. “Well, last night Ty told me that he loves me.”
“That’s great!”
“Sort of, I guess.”
“Oh… You don’t love him back.”
I’m not sure how to respond. “Well, I told him that I do. I’m sure if we date longer, I will feel that way. He’s always so sweet, and I like him a lot, I do. But I don’t think I’m in love with him. Which is the problem. He wants to take our relationship to the next level. And I get it. We’ve been dating two months. But I don’t want to take the next step.”
“And Ty is starting to pressure you.”
“Yeah.”
“You need to talk to him about boundaries. If he really loves you, he will be willing to wait until you’re ready for more. If not, then he doesn’t really love you.”
And that is why I love my mom. She didn’t judge Ty. She didn’t tell me to dump him. She gave me exactly the answer I needed.
“Also,” she adds, “when you meet the right guy, you will know. And when you’re ready, you won’t have any doubts.”
I smile. “Thank you, Mom. I love you.”
“I love you too. I’m going to go to sleep now. Have fun.”
I hang up the phone, and lie back on Gabe’s bed. It’s soft and smells like him. I start to relax and find myself falling asleep.

11:52 PM
Jealous

“Kihanna?” I hear Gabe’s soft voice. He is gently shaking me. “Wake up.”
I open my eyes and smile when I see him. I look around the room and realize that I am not in my room. I am in Gabe’s room.
“I’m sorry!” I jump up. “I guess I fell asleep. I didn’t mean to!”
“It’s okay,” he promises. “I am just not sure how much longer I can keep Ty from barging in here. He’s been basically pacing back and forth downstairs. He’s scared that he ruined his chances with you.”
“Do you think he really loves me?” Gabe isn’t the right person to ask. I know this.
“I don’t know if Ty even knows what love is. I know that he likes you a lot. More than he’s ever liked anybody else before.”
“We haven’t had sex yet.”
“I know.”
“Ty wants to.”
“I know that too,” he says. “All I know is that my best friend feels like shit for how he acted. And trust me when I say, I made him feel like shit for it too. I still think you deserve so much better than him, Kihanna. But I understand that you’re with him, and nothing I say will change that. So instead, I will just say that you need to talk to him. You can’t move forward in your relationship until you do.”
I nod. “I know.”
“Do you love him?” Gabe’s voice is timid when he asks. I can tell he’s scared to hear my answer.
“I like him,” I say after a few seconds of hesitation.
“That’s what I thought.” Gabe grins, almost sadly. “Just don’t have sex with him. Your first time should be with somebody you are completely in love with.”
I roll my eyes at that. “Right, ‘cause you’re totally one to talk.”
“My first time was with somebody I was in love with,” he informs me.
I’m instantly jealous of this girl he was in love with. I hate that I’m jealous of her. “Who was she?”
“You don’t know her.”
I start to say something, but Gabe cuts me off. “You should go talk to Ty now.” With that, he turns and walks out of the room.
I push myself up and go to the bathroom. I run my fingers through my curls, trying to make them look less frizzy, put my angel wings back on and straighten my dress.
As I walk down the stairs, Ty sees me and runs up. He meets me before I get halfway down.
“I’m so sorry, baby.” He pulls me into a hug. “I didn’t mean to push you. I was just being a complete dick. You mean everything to me. I will wait for you. Forever if I have to. Please say you forgive me.”
“I do forgive you, Ty. Let’s just move forward, okay. I really like you. But I need you to understand that I’m not ready right now.”
He nods. “I understand. I do. I’m so sorry I pressured you to do more than you were ready for. I can’t believe I did that.”
I’m surprised too, but Gabriel wasn’t. I feel like he almost expected it.
But I decide not to think about that. I am going to focus on Ty. He’s a great boyfriend. He just had a temporary manic moment. He’s fine now. And we are definitely fine.
I think.

1:13 AM
Too late.

Ty apologizes one hundred more times on the way home. And then he kisses me. Not his normal, hungry kisses either. It’s a sweet kiss. And it reminds me why I like Ty. He’s sweet.
“Good night,” I tell him.
“Good night, love.” I watch Ty walk to his car and leave. Once he does, I go upstairs to my room. I put on my pajamas and am about to jump in bed. I notice a note sitting in the middle of my bed.

Kihanna Evers it says on the outside in elegant writing. I open the note.

I told you to leave, but you didn’t listen. Now it’s too late.

There is a photo attached. It’s a photo of me, and there is a huge red X over my face.
Dread fills my stomach, and I wonder exactly what the note means. I quickly stuff it into my drawer, but I can’t help but wonder who has been in my room. I quickly walk out of my room, and go to Toby’s. I knock on the door.
“Come in,” I hear him say from the other side.
I open the door. “Can I sleep in here with you?”
Toby grins mischeviously. “I knew you would come to your senses.”
I roll my eyes. “I meant on the couch, you freak.”
“Always. My couch is your couch.”
I lie on Toby’s couch and try to fall asleep. But even with him there, I don’t feel safe.



Friday, November 19
7:32 PM
Fucking hot.




“HOT,” Marco, Veronica’s assistant, tells me. You know you look hot when a gay guy tells it to you. And he is right. I do look pretty damn hot. Tonight is homecoming, and I am beyond excited.
Tonight is the night.
The night that I lose my virginity.
I’m finally ready.
Ty has been a gentleman since Gabe’s Halloween party. I know that he genuinely feels bad for how he acted. He has been so patient with me. And he is who I want to be with my first time.
I just wish I wasn’t so nervous.
I’m scared it’s going to hurt.
But at least I’m going to look hot beforehand.
I picked out my dress, so I feel good about it. It’s a short, pink, strapless dress. It’s gathered in the front, and the dress is very much me. That’s why I love it. I’m also wearing a pair of Christian Louboutin Camilla heels. They look like Cinderella slippers, and are outlined in Crystals. My dad also bought me a diamond bracelet and matching earrings. I even got a new perfume.
Nicholas soon joins us and lets me know that my “date” is here.
“You look lovely tonight, Miss Evers,” he says.
“Thanks, Nicholas,” I grin.
“Mr. Newman is downstairs waiting for you.”
“Thanks.” I turn to look in my mirror one last time and am satisfied. I head downstairs.
“Fucking sexy,” Toby says from behind me. “Why do you have to be my stepsister? Seriously, it’s so not fair.”
“You’re not my type anyway,” I joke as we head down the stairs. Ty is standing at the end of the staircase.
“You’re beautiful.” Ty pulls me into his arms as I step off the last step, and then kisses my lips. My heart accelerates at the contact, but it is cut short when Toby clears his throat behind us.
“Dude, that’s my sister.”
We both pull back, and Ty looks over at Toby. “Dude, I saw you checking out her ass on the way down the stairs. You two are definitely not related.”
“Hey, I’m just saying, you are way more experienced than Kihanna. Remember Mrs. Fields…” Toby’s voice trails off.
“That was a fucking year ago, and it was one time. Why are you even bringing it up?”
“Because you probably haven’t told Kihanna about your past, man. You need to tell her before you two get in too deep. She doesn’t need to be mixed up in your shit,” he says pointedly.
I cut into the argument. “Who is Mrs. Fields?”
Toby gives Ty an I told you so look and walks out the front door. Ty looks at me for a few seconds, and I can tell he’s not sure what to say. “Remember that game of Never Have I Ever?”
I nod, and suddenly it sinks in.
Mrs. Fields was the English teacher he had sex with. I had completely forgotten about that. Suddenly, I am double-guessing myself. Am I really ready to have sex with Ty tonight?
Deep down, I don’t think so.
“How many girls have you been with?”
Ty looks away from me. “A lot.”
“Have you been with a lot of older women?”
“Some, yeah,” he answers. “But they weren’t you, Kihanna. I’m in love with you. I was not in love with any of those other girls.”
“You know that doesn’t really make it any better.”
“I know.” He hangs his head a little. “And I wish I could take it all back, but I can’t. I don’t know what you want me to tell you. I am so sorry.”
I nod. “I know. And I knew you had been with a lot of girls, I just didn’t really think about it. I’m sorry I’m being really silly right now.”
I am being stupid. I guess I had this fantasy in my head of my prince. I would be his first, and he would be mine. Of course we would live happily ever after. But I know that it is just a fantasy. It’s not realistic to think like that.
“It’s not silly,” Ty counters. “Gabe was right. You deserve a lot better than me.”
I roll my eyes. Gabe needs to stay out of my business. “And Gabe thinks he’s better? Seriously, I am a big girl. I can make my own decisions. I decided to date you. Your past is past. As long as I am your future, I can handle it.”
Take that, Gabe.
Ty seems to smile at my decision, and I decide that the decision is a good one. I can’t be scared forever. Ty and I have been dating almost three months now. If he just wanted me for sex, he would’ve broken up with me long before now.
I follow Ty outside. There is a long, black, Hummer limo waiting for us. Part of me is surprised, because I expected to see his car, but I know I shouldn’t have been. It’s typical Ty behavior… He likes to go all out whenever possible. Most girls would probably think it’s super romantic, and don’t get me wrong, I do think so too, but it’s a bit excessive.
A limo driver opens the door for us, and I slide in right before Ty.
“Wow.”
Ty grabs a couple of champagne flutes, and pours us each a glass. He hands me one. I wonder if he has forgotten that I hate champagne, but I decide not to bring it up.
“Here is to a magical night,” he says and clanks our glasses together.
I take a small sip of the champagne and set my glass down.
“I booked us a room tonight at Arianna’s dad’s hotel,” he informs me. “I’m not trying to pressure you or anything, but it’s a sweet room. We can just chill in the hot tub, drink wine, cuddle, and if you happen to want to have sex then it’ll be perfect.”
I feel torn.
Part of me is thinking, Aw, how sweet. I haven’t really thought much about where I would lose my virginity, but a ritzy hotel sounds perfect. But the other part of me is kind of angry. Did he just assume I would fall into bed with him that easily? The angry side is definitely winning.
I try to blow it off nicely. “I don’t have any clothes.”
He smiles. “As much as I’d love to see you naked… I actually had your friends pack a bag for you. It’s waiting in the hotel room.”
Okay. That was really sweet.
I decide to just see how the night plays out. There is no sense in getting worked up over it. The hotel sounds nice, and I did actually plan on having sex with him tonight. At least now we would be having sex in a nice hotel room. Besides, it’s not like I have to have sex with him just because he booked a room.
I am proud of my decision.

8:12 PM
Homecoming

When Ty and I walk inside, he sees some of his friends so he excuses himself to go say hi to them. That was ten minutes ago. So I stand there looking at the decorations.
I swear, there is a thing with California and chandeliers. The one in here is elegant and has crystals. It looks like it cost more than my old school. There are enough candles lined along the walkway that it definitely qualifies as a fire hazard. Along the pathway, the carpet is red. I watch as Jacqueline walks in. She has her head held high, and I have to admit that she looks beautiful. She’s wearing a long red dress. I have no clue what designer it is, but I can tell it must have cost a lot of money. It looks good on her.
“You look amazing.” I hear Gabe’s voice. I turn around and see him standing inches from me. I take a step back.
“Thanks.” I take a good look at him. He looks good in his designer suit. He even fixed his hair. I have to admit, Gabriel is gorgeous. If he wasn’t so overbearing I think I could like him. Maybe.
“Where is your date?” he asks.
I shrug. “Your guess is as good as mine. He disappeared about ten minutes ago with Jason and Emmett.”
“His loss is my gain.” Gabriel holds out his hand for me. “May I have this dance?”
I start to say no. I should say no. But instead, I say yes. What could it hurt? It’s not even a slow song. Once he sees how bad of a dancer I am, he will gladly ditch me.
Gabe takes my hand in his and leads me out to the dance floor. I hate the butterflies that appear in my stomach when he is touching me. But I also love them. No matter how much I want to deny it, Gabriel has a part of my heart. But he can’t keep it.
Just as we step on the dance floor, the song changes.
To a slow song.
Really?
Gabe smiles mischievously and pulls me close to him. I put a couple of inches between us, but he pulls me closer. I should pull away, but I don’t. Our stomachs are touching, and my chest is against his.
“I don’t think you realize how beautiful you look tonight,” Gabe says. “I bet every guy in this place is envious of me right now.”
Gabe’s words are sweet. Ty has said similar things to me, but it feels different coming from Gabe. Maybe more genuine? I don’t know, but I like it.
I am in trouble.
“I’m here with Ty,” I remind him.
My words don’t affect him at all. “You say that, but where is your date? Right now you’re mine. I intend to enjoy this moment very thoroughly.” He slides he hand down to my lower back, right above my butt. He’s teasing me, and I pretend like it isn’t affecting me. I like his hand there. Part of me wishes he would slide it further down.
I lay my head against Gabe’s chest and listen to the steady sound of his heart. I smell his cologne, and it smells good. Though I suspect he would smell good no matter what.
Gabe leans down, kisses my cheek, and whispers in my ear. “One day, you will be mine.”
His words should make me mad, but they don’t. Instead, my heart beats faster. My stomach feels like I’m free-falling, only I’m not scared. I’m excited. Whatever this is between us feels so real.
Your boyfriend is Ty, I remind myself.
I choose not to reply to Gabe’s comment. I just let him hold me close as we dance. I try not to think. I just want to feel. I know it’s wrong, but after this dance I will go find Ty. I will forget this ever happened. I can’t fall for Gabe. As bad as Ty thinks he is for me, Gabriel is that much worse. He not only has the ability to break my heart, but to rip it into so many shreds that I may never find all the pieces.
“I wish I would have gone after you first,” he whispers again. “You should be mine. It isn’t fair.”
“We don’t always get what we want.” I say it more for me than for him.
“I know that you don’t want him,” he replies. “I see the way you look at me, and I see the way you look at him. You belong with me, Kihanna.”
“Maybe so, but I am with him. Not you.”
“You could be.”
I take a step back. “I’m sorry, I have to go.” I turn around and walk as fast as I can away from him. If I stayed there another second, I might never leave. And I can’t do that to Ty. I can’t do that to me. I walk up the stairs and try to open the bathroom door, but it’s locked. I bang on the door. From the other side I hear shuffling, and then the door swings open. Jacqueline walks out, her blonde hair is a mess and her dress is slightly pulled up. She pulls it down.
“Hey, Skank,” she greets me.
“You’re one to talk.”
She walks off, brushing my shoulder as she leaves. I walk inside, and see that a guy is zipping up his pants.
“Oh my God, I’m sorry.” I am about to look away when I see who it is. “Ty.” I almost can’t even believe it’s him as I say his name. His eyes grow big as he sees me.
“Kihanna, baby, I’m sorry…” he starts in. I don’t listen. I just turn around and run out of the bathroom. I hear him yelling, “Kihanna,” as he runs after me. I see Gabe in the middle of the dance floor, so I do the only thing I can think of. I run into his arms.
“Please, take me home,” I plead.
He doesn’t question. He just puts his arm around me and escorts me out of the building. He opens the passenger side door for me, and then gets in the driver’s side. As soon as he gets in the car, I lean my head over on his shoulder and cry.
I was about to give myself to an asshole. Part of me is relieved that I didn’t have sex with him. The other part of me is devastated, because I trusted him. What does that say about me? I obviously am not good at judging people.
Gabe doesn’t say a word. He just drives, with one hand on the steering wheel, and the other holding my hand. What would I do without him?
Finally, I hold my head up.
“Are you okay?” he asks.
I shake my head. “Not really.”
“What happened?”
I sigh. “Can we talk about it later?”
He nods.
“Guys are fucking jerks.”
“Yes, we are,” Gabe agrees with me.
“I have a question…” I pause for a second. “If you and I were dating, and I wouldn’t have sex with you, what would you do?”
Gabe laughs at this question. “The answer to this question is simple… If you and I were dating, we would be having sex. We have way too much chemistry between us.”
His response, cocky as it is, makes me smile. “I’m serious. Let’s say we had been dating three months, and we haven’t done anything more than kiss… What would you do?”
“Masturbate a lot.”
His response makes me blush. I hate that it makes me blush.
“But like I said, we couldn’t make it that long.”
“But say we did wait… Would you ever consider… having sex… with somebody else?” Just saying it out loud makes me cringe. I still cannot believe that Ty cheated on me.
Suddenly, I’m wishing that I would have punched him. Why didn’t I punch him? I just ran away like a scared baby… Well, I will confront him. Eventually.
“I have never cheated, and I never will,” he answers. “Did Ty cheat on you, Kihanna?”
I don’t answer. Mainly because I don’t want Gabe to beat the shit out of Ty. I know Ty deserves it, but still, I want to be the one to slap him. Or punch him. Something. But my silence is answer enough.
“Son of a bitch!” he yells and punches his steering wheel. “I am going to kill that motherfucker.”
“Please, don’t,” I plead with him. “I just want to move on from this. I don’t want it to be a big deal.”
“Death would be an easy way out for him…” Gabe’s knuckles are white from his death grip on the steering wheel. “Ty Newman will pay. I can’t believe he hurt you like that.” His voice grows softer, and he turns to look at me for a second. “I’m so sorry, Kihanna.”
“Me too,” I agree. “But I’m glad I figured out now rather than in the morning after I slept with him. God! I’m such an idiot. I can’t believe I was going to have sex with him!”
“You were going to have sex with him tonight?”
“Yeah,” I answer, angrily.
The car grows silent for a minute, then Gabe speaks. “I’m glad that you didn’t.”
“Me too.”
“So our family is leaving for your dad’s cabin in two days. We always spend every Thanksgiving up there. I was thinking maybe we could go early. It would be great to unwind.”
I don’t have to think long about it. “Sure,” I reply. “Just give me like an hour to pack and change.”
“Okay,” Gabe says as we pull up to the front of my house. “I’ll see you soon.”
I smile at him.
“Kihanna?” I hear him ask as I climb out of his car.
“Yeah?”
“I’m sorry about what happened. You deserve a lot better.” I can hear a double meaning in his voice. I know that he is including himself in the category. I hate that he is reminding me.
“You’re wrong, Gabe. I’m not too good for you. In fact, sometimes I worry that I’m not good enough for you.”
I don’t wait for him to reply. I just shut the door and run inside.
Is it possible to have my heart broken and repaired in the same night?

11:32 PM
Road trip.

Gabe picks me up just before midnight. Toby was still out… with some girl I’m sure… And my parents didn’t mind that I was heading out early with Gabriel. They seem to trust him and his family a lot.
My phone kept buzzing. Ty was calling and texting me like crazy. After the twentieth time hitting ignore, I finally shut off my phone. At that point Gabe’s phone started ringing, so he shut his off too.
“We don’t get very good cell service at the cabin. Just wi-fi,” he informs me. “It’s kind of nice. When we go up there, I know that we are actually going to have some family time. Our dads are pretty much workaholics.”
“Yep,” I agree, sadly. “I feel like I hardly get any time with him since I came here. The only reason I am here is to get to know him, but I barely see him at all. Part of me wishes he would just send me back to my mom.”
“I don’t want you to leave,” he quickly protests.
“I’m not leaving,” I confirm. “I miss my mom, but I feel like I have a new life here. I never made any roots in St. Louis. Here, I have friends. I have a brother. I have…” I stop before saying you. My freaking boyfriend and I just broke up for goodness sakes. Why am I already thinking there is an us?
“Me,” Gabe finishes for me. “You have me.”
“Yeah.” I twirl my hair with my finger. I need something to do with my hands. Something to distract me. “I’m glad we are friends.”
Gabe chuckles. “We are going to be great friends.”
Friends are good.
Extremely sexy guy friends that make my panties melt… not so good. Ugh, how am I supposed to resist this blond hair, blue-eyed angel? Okay, angel may be a bit far-fetched. But still, he’s so freaking charming. And like he said, we wouldn’t wait. I can’t have held out on Ty for three months just to give it away to Gabe for free.
I look over at Gabe. He’s watching the road, but even in the dark I can see the outline of his features. Gabe has nice, toned arms. They’re not too big, but definitely not too small. He has a surfer tan, which seems to be common in California, and he rocks it. His shirt is clinging to his abdomen and I can see the outline of his muscles through his shirt. Seriously, so hot.
Stop looking. Stop looking, I chant to myself over and over again. Finally, I force my eyes away from his too good to be true body and look at his face. He is looking at the road, but I can see his mischievous smile.
“What are you thinking?” I ask him. I have to know what is making him smile like that.
“Nothing.” He grins. “I’m just thinking that if you keep looking at me like that, I’m going to pull over the car and things are going to get very heated, very fast.”
To say that butterflies filled my stomach would be an understatement. It’s like my stomach packed up and flew back to St. Louis without me and left me here. Never have words affected me so much.
I force my eyes forward.
“You’re so fucking cute.” Gabe glances over at me, and I swear his blue eyes are looking right through me. In that moment, I feel exposed… It’s like he knows what I am thinking, and what I am feeling.
“Thanks.” My voice comes out shy. I want to be brave.
It’s just Gabe, I remind myself. He’s just a friend. A good friend. A FAMILY friend. I look over at him again. A very sexy friend.
It’s in that moment that I realize I am in way over my head.

3:02 AM
He’s irresistible.

Around three AM, we arrive at our destination. The cabin is not at all what I had pictured… I thought a cozy little log cabin with a couple of rooms, a fireplace, and a hot tub. I should have known. When my dad does something, he goes all out. The log cabin is a huge A-lined house in the front, and in the back I can see that it’s three stories high. From the front I can see huge windows. They’re dark, so you can’t see inside, but I’m already excited about the view.
When Gabe opens the door for me, I’m surprised to feel how cold it is. I’m used to cold winters back home, but in Mountain View, the temperatures stay pretty much the same year-round. I’m suddenly glad I packed hoodies for the trip.
When we walk inside, I’m surprised to see a deer antler chandelier. There is also a huge bear rug in the middle of the floor, and the furniture looks rustic. I quickly decide this must be my dad’s doing, because Veronica doesn’t seem like the adventurous type of girl who would have a bear rug. There are even a few deer heads hanging on the wall.
“My dad and your dad like to hunt,” he informs me. “They love deer hunting. Once they even flew to Alaska to bear hunt. Your dad actually killed that bear.”
I look down at the rug.
Creepy.
Gabe shows me around the house. There is an indoor, heated pool in the back. I look out the windows and see that snow is starting to fall. How perfect.
“This is incredible,” I say.
“Just one of the many perks of being Kihanna Evers…”
I roll my eyes. “Right, ‘cause being Gabriel Johnson is so bad…”
“Being Gabe Johnson isn’t nearly as impressive as being Kihanna Evers. Someday, you will see what I mean.” He pulls my hand, and we walk up the stairs. He shows me my room.
“Wow,” I say, looking around. It has already been decorated for me. It looks very similar to my bedroom back home. There is a bay window overlooking the mountains, there is a huge four-poster bed with an elegant purple bedspread and light gray carpet. The carpet is the softest carpet I think I’ve ever felt. “I don’t think I will ever get used to this life.”
“I can’t imagine ever not having this life. Sometimes I wonder what it’s like to be normal and not to have to live up to Jack Johnson.” He looks over at me, and his blue eyes sparkle in the light. “Do you want to know what my dream is?”
I nod. More than anything, I want to know. I want to know everything about Gabe.
“I don’t want to be CEO of my dad’s company,” he starts out. “I want to change lives, Kihanna. I want to build houses in Unicef for a year. I want to backpack around Europe, but I don’t want to plan it, and I don’t want to bring money. I just want to live day by day and sleep in a tent. I want to skydive. I want to climb Mount Everest. I want to live every day like I won’t have tomorrow.”
“Why can’t you do all that stuff?”
“I wish. But my life is already planned.” Gabe looks a little sad but quickly recovers. “So you weren’t raised in this life. You have had an opportunity to dream… really dream. What are your dreams?”
His question stuns me, because I have no clue what I want to do with my life. As bad as I want to say something awesome and clever in response to his question, I just can’t. “Honestly, I’m still trying to figure out what I want. I guess I always thought I would be a teacher, like my mom. But now that I know my dad, I feel like I have so many more options.”
“At least you have a choice. My dad planned my future before I was even born.”
Part of me wants to feel bad for Gabe, but the other part of me wants to slap him. How can he not realize how lucky he is? He has been given the world, and yet it’s not enough for him.
“Have you told your dad how you feel? I’m sure he would understand if you wanted to take a year off school to have a crazy adventure. Your dad is pretty awesome.” I like Gabe’s Dad. He isn’t like the other stuffy, golf-playing, rich snobs. I can see why he and my dad are so close.
“I can’t ask anything else of my parents. I’m such a screwed up person, Kihanna…” His voice breaks. “I want to tell you something. But when I tell you, I’m scared that you will hate me.”
“I could never hate you,” I quickly counter.
“No, you will.” He falls back onto my bed and stares up at the ceiling. I can tell it’s going to be a long story, so I lie down beside him. “About a year and a half ago, right after I turned sixteen, I killed somebody.”
Wow. That was so not what I expected. He takes a while to continue, and I just lay there silent. I know he needs this quiet time before he tells me more.
“I had just got my license and was taking my girlfriend, Lily, to the mall. She wanted to go dress shopping for some charity event. I didn’t want to go and was complaining.” I hear Gabe take in a sharp breath. “I was texting Ty while I was driving on the freeway. I didn’t realize that traffic had come to a stop. Lily screamed at me, and I slammed on the brakes, but I couldn’t stop in time. I ran into the back of the car in front of us. Lily wasn’t wearing her seatbelt, so she was thrown from the vehicle.”
Gabe stops talking, and I can tell he’s crying, but I don’t dare look at him. Gabe is definitely not so great at showing his emotions, and if I looked at him it would ruin the moment. The fact that he’s shared this much with me is surprising.
My heart is breaking for him.
“She died instantly. And I lived. I wasn’t even fucking hurt.” Gabe’s voice is angry. “She was fifteen years old and will never get to live her life because of me.”
And now I get it. I get why he wants to live extreme. He gets to live.
“The sickest part was that my daddy got me out of trouble. I should be in jail right now. But since my dad is Jack Johnson, I get to continue living my life as if it didn’t even happen.” He turns his head toward me, so I look at him. I can see so much pain in his eyes. I feel a sharp pain in my stomach, and I want to cry for him. I know that in this moment that I have to be strong though. For Gabe. “I wish I could take her place, Kihanna. She had such big dreams. She was going to join the Peace Corps for a few years, and then go to school to be a doctor. She was going to go to a third-world country… somewhere she was really needed.”
Wow. Lily sounds like a really sweet girl. She sounds like somebody I would be friends with. I’m sad for her, that she never got a chance to live. But mostly, my heart feels broken for Gabe, because I know that he is broken.
“She made me a better person.” He closes his eyes for a second, and when he opens them he looks me deep in the eyes. “She was my first love. And I never thought I would feel that way again. But you make me feel things… I’m not sure I deserve to feel this way.”
I hear my sharp intake of breath. I’m surprised, because that was not what I expected. I caught my boyfriend cheating on me just a few hours ago, and now here I am with Gabriel. I haven’t thought about Ty since we left Mountain View. Shouldn’t I feel heartbroken? I don’t. If anything, I feel relief because I don’t have to feel guilty for the way I feel about Gabe anymore.
Gabe leans closer to me and puts his lips on mine. He kisses me gently at first, almost as if he’s asking my permission. When I kiss him back, he kisses me harder.
Ty’s kisses were soft. But Gabe’s kisses are aggressive. He takes charge. And I like it.
His tongue slips inside my mouth, and he slowly starts massaging my tongue. I can feel his kiss all the way to my toes.
I never felt this way with Ty. I never felt like I wanted him. But with Gabe, I could see myself easily losing control really fast. I have never wanted anybody so bad in my life. It’s like all the fear I had about my first time is gone, and I just want to feel him — all of him.
Somehow, in the midst of kissing, Gabe climbs on top of me. I feel his hand start to explore my body, so I do the same. I put my hands under his shirt and feel his abs, then I run my hand over his chest. I’ve never felt so brave. I tug on his shirt, hoping that he’ll take the hint — I want his shirt off.
Gabe backs away for just long enough to throw off his shirt, and then he starts kissing me hard again. I love the feeling of his bare chest, and I wonder how it would feel to have his skin against mine.
I feel his lips leave mine, and he sits up beside me. “Kihanna, we have to stop.”
“Why?” I definitely do not want to stop.
He groans. “You have no idea what you do to me. But we can’t. You and Ty just broke up. It’s too soon. And he’s my best friend. He would never forgive me.”
He’s right.
But I don’t care.
“I want you, Gabe.”
He considers my words for a few seconds, and then he starts kissing me again. This time his kisses are desperate, and I know that before he was holding back. This time he knows exactly what he wants — me. And I want him.
He pulls my shirt over my head, and as he’s kissing me I feel him unhook my bra. His chest is against mine. I love feeling his warm body against mine, but he’s still not close enough. He stops kissing me long enough to take off his jeans, and quickly pulls mine off too.
I can feel how hard he is, and it makes me want him even more.
“Gabriel, I want you,” I whisper, as his mouth leaves mine. He puts his lips against my breast and begins to suck. I can feel my breathing grow faster. His mouth moves over to my other breast and he gives his the same amount of attention. He gently rubs his tongue over my nipple. After a few more minutes of this, I feel Gabe move away.
“Are you sure?” he asks, looking me in the eyes. I can see that if I asked him to stop, he would. But I don’t want him to stop.
“Yes.” I nod. “I’m sure.”
He pulls a condom out of his jeans on the floor, and then takes off his underwear. He slowly pulls down my thong, and then rolls on the condom. He slowly enters me, and at first it hurts. He gives me time to adjust before he pushes it in further. Finally, he’s all inside me, and slowly he starts moving. “Are you okay?” he asks, sweetly.
“I’m fine. Just don’t stop,” I plead. It’s a mixture of pain and pleasure, but after a few seconds the pain subsides and pleasure takes over.
“You feel so fucking good.” Gabe slowly pushes into me harder and harder, and I can feel the pleasure building. I moan at the sensation, and I feel like I should be embarrassed, but it feels too good to even think about anything else.
Gabe’s lips once again go over my breasts, and the pleasure is almost too much. I feel myself going over the edge of ecstasy, and can’t stop the moans that come out.
It’s in this moment that I realize, all this time, I’ve been falling in love with Gabe.



Saturday, November 20
10:24 AM
Consequences.




I wake up thinking, Where am I? It doesn’t take long to remember. I am in the mountains, at my dad’s cabin, sleeping next to Gabe. I smile, remembering last night. It was perfect. After he made love to me, he pulled me into his arms and that’s how we fell asleep.
I look around the king-size bed for him, but he’s not there. I get up and realize that I’m naked, so I throw on my clothes and go look for Gabe. I find him downstairs in the kitchen. He’s cooking.
“You were supposed to stay in bed,” he says, smiling sweetly at me.
“I didn’t know that you knew how to cook,” I reply, motioning at the food. “It looks good.”
He takes both plates and sets them on the bar, I sit down beside him. He cooked an omelet and then put a huge bowl of fruit on the side. It has all my favorites — grapes, strawberries, and blueberries. I take a bite of the omelet first.
“Wow, this is amazing.”
He smiles proudly. “My nanny thought that cooking was something everybody should know how to do. I hated it at the time, but now I glad she taught me. I can’t depend on other people to always cook for me.”
I can’t cook that well. My mom always did all the cooking, and the extent of my cooking ability ends at the ability to cook a frozen pizza and heat up ravioli. I’m so not telling him that though.
“My mom called earlier,” he informs me. “They’ve all decided to come up early too, and should be here sometime this afternoon. Which sucks, because I was kind of liking sharing a bed with you.”
“I guess you will just have to sneak in my room.” I instantly feel my face blush. Wow. Did I seriously just say that out loud? When did I get so brave?
Gabe grins at my suggestion. “I’m kind of loving your idea.”
I don’t know what to respond, so I just take a bite of my food.
“So last night was… possibly the best night of my life,” he admits.
Again, I’m not sure what to say, so I go with sarcasm. “It was in the top ten for me,” I say, nonchalantly.
Gabe looks at me for a second, and then starts laughing. He knows that I’m joking. I’m glad he’s not offended. “Let’s go swimming while we wait for them.” He gets up and leaves his dirty plate on the bar.
“Aren’t you going to wash the dishes?”
“The maid will be here soon.” He shrugs.
“Right. So you can’t depend on other people to cook for you, but you can depend on them to clean up after you,” I joke. I leave my plate on the bar and follow him upstairs. He grabs his bag and takes it to his room. My room now feels so much emptier. As excited as I am to actually spend time with my dad, I’m kind of sad that my alone time with Gabe is almost over. I hope that we get an excuse to come to the cabin sometime in the near future — alone.
I change into my bikini and then decide it’s time to look at my phone. I power it up, and sit it by the window where I get one bar of service. I watch the text messages flood in. I delete all the ones from Ty without reading them. I’m sure that they all say something like — I’m sorry. It didn’t mean anything. I love you. Blah, blah, blah. I open the rest of my messages.

Toby: I heard what Ty did. I will beat the shit out of him. Just say the word. Nobody messes with my sister.
Toby: I also heard that you went to the cabin with Gabe. Alone. Just be careful. And tell him if he touches you, I will kill him.

I laugh as I read that. Too late now.

Mom: I hope you have fun at homecoming with Ty. I love you, and wish I could be there. Send pics.

I quickly reply to my mom’s message.

I broke up with Ty. It’s a long story. I will tell you all about it later. But don’t worry, I’m ok. More than ok actually! I love you, too! Miss you! <3 Kihanna

There are more messages from Courtney, Ariana, and Victoria. They all basically say the same thing… Are you ok? And I am going to kill Ty and Jacqueline. And my personal favorite — Alone time with Gabe? Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do. Which makes me laugh. Because there is nothing those three girls wouldn’t do. Which is why I love them. I send the three of them a group text.

I’m good. No need to beat up anybody for me. Jacqueline can have Ty for all I care… Last night with Gabe was amazing. And I will tell you all about it. After Thanksgiving break. And don’t worry. I didn’t do anything you guys wouldn’t do ;) <3 Kihanna.

I immediately start getting responses from all three of them, but I put away my phone when I see Gabe walk in. He’s wearing just his swimming trunks, and I am loving the view of his abs.
I’m pretty sure it just got twenty degrees warmer in here.
When at look at Gabe, he’s openly staring at my chest. I want to cover them up, but he’s already seen them naked, so really there is no point. He looks up and sees that he’s been caught.
“You have a very nice body, Kihanna.”
I’m not sure if I should feel complimented or offended. I decide to just go with complimented. “Thanks.” I bite my lip. “So Toby texted me last night. He said to tell you that if you touch me, he will kill you.”
This makes Gabe laugh. “I’m pretty sure my death is going to be painful, for all the ways I touched you last night.”
I feel my face grow warm — again. “Yeah, let’s just not tell Toby yet. I dated Ty almost three months and we never did anything more than kiss. Oh my God — I can’t believe I had sex with you after one night.”
Yeah, Ty and I haven’t even been broken up twenty-four hours yet. I pretty much suck. No, he sucks. He’s the one who cheated with that skank. Now he gets to live with the consequences. One of those consequences is seeing me with his best friend.
“I told you that you wouldn’t be able to resist me long,” he jokes. “Now I’m thinking that we need to have sex a few more times before our families show up.”
A few? I think, but I’m already excited.

3:54 PM
Holy hotness.

“Holy hotness,” is Toby’s response when he sees my barely there, string bikini. I’m pretty sure my face blushes. It should be illegal for my stepbrother to look at me like that.
“You are disgusting,” is my response.
Toby then turns to Gabe. “If I find out you touched her, I will make sure you never touch another girl as long as you live.”
“I’m pretty sure Kihanna is old enough to make her own decisions,” Gabe counters, almost angrily. “And I should be mad at you for looking at my girlfriend like that.”
Girlfriend?
What?
Not that I’m not thrilled — I am. I just kind of would have liked to be asked before he just proclaims it. I’d also like to be broken up from Ty longer than… well… fifteen hours.
“Girlfriend?” Toby asks and turns to me. “Please tell me you didn’t do anything stupid with him.”
“I didn’t do anything stupid with him.”
I just slept with him the same night I caught my boyfriend cheating on me… But at least we used a condom. That gives me a smart point.
Ugh.
I was stupid. Three times I was stupid if you count today in the pool… Yeah, okay, so maybe it was fun — a lot of fun — but still, I shouldn’t have done it. I wasn’t ready yet. My body was, oh boy, was my body ever ready.
I guess it just didn’t feel real until Gabe called me his girlfriend. And now I realize that it is real.
Toby looks angry, and he turns to Gabe. “I’m serious, if I find out you did anything to her, I will hurt you.”
“I would never do anything to hurt Kihanna,” he promises.
“Good.” Toby seems satisfied with his answer.
“Do you want to swim with us?” I ask him. We still haven’t swam yet… We got a little distracted earlier. This time we actually are going to swim.
Toby shakes his head. “I think I’m just going to chill in my room. Maybe smoke some weed. You guys are welcome to join me. I brought plenty.”
“No thanks,” Gabe tells him. I know Gabe smokes. Part of me wonders if he’s saying no because he knows that I don’t smoke. I don’t want him to say no just because I don’t want to.
After Toby leaves the pool room, I turn to Gabe. “I don’t mind if you want to go smoke. I need to call my mom later tonight anyway. I haven’t talked to her in a few days, and I want to tell her everything that went down last night.”
He looks at me, surprised. “You aren’t going to tell your mom that we hooked up, right?”
Yes, I am going to tell her, but I don’t tell him. “I just mean everything with Ty, and how sweet you’ve been.”
“Oh, right.” He smiles sweetly. “So, will I ever get to meet your mom?”
I nod. “Definitely. She’s flying here for Christmas. She’s going to spend two weeks with me. You will most definitely meet her then.”
“Oh, is she coming on the cruise with us?”
“Cruise?” I ask. This is the first I’ve heard of any cruise.
“Yeah, every Christmas break our families go on a cruise for two weeks. It’s a tradition. I just assumed you knew already,” he answers.
“Right. I’ll have to ask Mom when I call her later tonight.”
“Ready to swim?”
Before I can respond to his question, he jumps in, splashing me with the warm water. I soon follow him, all other thoughts aside. Even if I’m not sure what I want with Gabe, I know that he is the boy that I have fallen for. I’m just not sure if I’m ready for love.

6:33 PM
Relationship status.

After we get out of the pool, I take a shower and decide to call my mom. Gabe changed his mind and went to smoke a joint with Toby. He says that our family dinners can get pretty intense. If our family brunch is any indication of that, then I’m scared.
“Kihanna,” my mom answers. She is trying to sound cheerful, but I can hear sadness in her voice. My heart spikes at the thought of her being in pain.
“Mom? Are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine. I’m just trying to get over this cold.” She sounds like she’s trying to brush it off. “I’m better now that I hear your beautiful voice. I miss you.”
“I miss you too.” I feel the all too familiar pain in my chest. I’ve never gone more than a few days without seeing my mom, and the distance between us is killing me. I wish so bad that she would pack up and move here, but I know that’s not a possibility. Her life is there. And part of me hates that my life is here.
“Now what is this business about you and Ty breaking up? I thought things were going well.” She pauses, then says, “Does it have anything to do with that Gabe boy? You’ve been crushing on him for a while now. Did your heart finally win?”
Wow. It’s crazy how well my mom knows me. “Yes and no. Last night, I found Ty cheating on me with Jacqueline at Homecoming.”
“How dare he!” I can practically feel my mom’s wrath through the phone. “You just wait. If I ever get my hands on him… Ugh!”
And this is why I love my mom. She gets it. My phone beeps in my ear, and I look to see an incoming call from Ty. “Ugh, he’s calling me now. He won’t give up. I guess my silence isn’t enough answer for him.”
“Did you change your relationship status on Staying Connected?”
“No!” I open my computer and log in. “I’m going to do that right now.”
“Good girl.”
I have about ten notifications, and thirty messages. Most of them are from Ty, so I ignore it. “Crap. I don’t know what to change my status to.”
“Single,” she says, like it’s the most obvious response. I don’t reply. “Ooooh. You slept with Gabe, didn’t you?”
“Ugh,” I say, lying back on my bed. “I didn’t mean to. It just happened.”
“Did you use protection?”
“Yes!” I scream back at her, laughing. We’ve talked a lot about sex. My mom doesn’t want me to get pregnant before I graduate college, like she did. I’m glad she taught me.
“I am proud of you, Kihanna, you know that right?”
I’m pretty sure that I can hear tears in my mom’s voice, and it makes me miss her that much more. At least I have Dad, Toby, Veronica, Gabe, and all my friends. My mom doesn’t have anybody. I hope that my mom can find a nice guy to spend her life with, because the thought of my mom being alone forever breaks my heart.
Maybe she’ll meet a nice, rich guy on our cruise, I think.
“Oh, Mom, I meant to talk to you. Did you know that we are going on a cruise at Christmas? Did Dad mention it to you?”
“Right! It must have completely slipped my mind,” she says.
How does one forget about a cruise? “Mom, are you sure you’re alright?”
“Yes, of course I am, Honey. I’m just tired.” I heard some muffled voices in the background, and then my mom says, “I’m sorry to cut our talks short, but I have to go now. Just remember — always listen to your heart. I love you, baby.”
“I love you too, Mom.”
The line goes dead, and I have an uneasy feeling in my stomach. I decided to go downstairs and talk to my dad. Maybe he knows what’s going on with Mom. Maybe he just forgot to mention the cruise to her or something.
When I get downstairs, I find my dad all dressed up in skiing gear. He’s covered in snow, so my guess is that he’s coming back from skiing.
“Kihanna,” he greets me. “You missed all the excitement of skiing.”
I laugh at the thought of me skiing. “I’m pretty sure I would just fall on my butt a hundred times. I thought I should just save myself the embarrassment.”
“Right, and it has nothing to do with the fact that Gabe stayed.”
I roll my eyes at that. “Dad, do you really think so little of me? My decisions are never based around a guy. If a guy doesn’t like me for me, then screw him, he doesn’t deserve my awesomeness anyway!”
“That’s my girl. Your mom taught you right.” He pulls me in for a hug, and I squeal as his cold clothing touches my skin. I’m wearing a tank top and shorts.
“Oh, hey, speaking of Mom… Has she been acting weird?”
“Weird how?” He doesn’t look at me as he asks, which makes me think he knows exactly what I’m talking about.
“Well, I feel like she’s been hiding something from me.” I pause for a second. “She is still coming for Christmas right? You did get her a ticket for the cruise, right?”
“Don’t worry, Kihanna. Everything for Christmas is set.” He avoids answering all of my questions.
“I will figure it out, eventually.” I put my hands on my hips stubbornly. “Just you wait and see.” I turn to storm away, but my dad stops me.
“Some things are better left unknown.”
I walk back to my room, and my laptop is still sitting open on my bed. I see my relationship status and just decide to change it to single. I don’t want to put myself “in a relationship” with Gabe right now. I’m sure Gabe will appreciate that too. Just because Ty was a jerk, doesn’t mean I want to hurt his feelings. Plus, if I changed my status this quickly, I would look bad, not Ty. And I definitely want everybody to know what a cheating jerk he is!
Holy cow, don’t people have lives? The second I change my relationship status, I get so many comments and private messages — including those from Ty. I am not going open any of those, but I decide I might as well face the music sooner than later. So I read the private message.

Ty Newman: Babe, I’m sorry. Please talk to me. I’m dying here.

Me: I guess you should have thought about that before you CHEATED on me! With Jacqueline Hoff of all people! You know how I feel about her!

Ty Newman: I know! I was so stupid. It had just been so long since I had been with somebody. And I wasn’t thinking! You’re the only one I want. Please, can I call you? I need to hear your voice. Or I will come over. I want to see you, baby, please?

Me: I don’t feel like talking to you right now, and I’m not home. You know, I actually planned on having sex with you last night. I was finally ready. And then you go screw her. Why? And don’t give me another lame ass excuse! Why did you cheat on me?

Ty Newman: Other than stupidity? I was jealous. I see how you are with Gabe, and I see how you look at him. I’d give anything for you to look at me like that. I guess I thought I was evening the score.

Me: I NEVER CHEATED ON YOU WITH GABE!

Ty Newman: I know! I know! I fucked up real bad. Will you ever forgive me?

Me: I will forgive you, but we will never be what we were. Our relationship is over. Maybe we can be friends?

Ty Newman: I don’t want to be your friend. Somehow, someday… I will make a way for you to be mine again. I will spend the rest of my life trying to make it up to you. I love you, Kihanna Evers.

I shut my laptop as I read his last message. It’s too late for Ty now. Even if Gabriel wasn’t in the picture, there is no way that I would ever go back to him after what he did. I’m so not that girl.
I’m about to head downstairs when Gabe and Toby come into my room. Both of them are obviously high. Their eyes are bloodshot, and they smell like weed. I have to shake my head at them. “So how do you guys not get caught?”
Gabe shrugs. “My parents either don’t care or pretend not to notice. By the way, I saw your relationship status. Ty isn’t taking it so well, is he?”
“No,” I shake my head. I almost feel bad for Ty — almost.
“He’s been calling me nonstop. He left me one message telling me it was my fault that he cheated on you. Then five minutes later, he left another message apologizing. I’m pretty sure that he was wasted last night. He left me some messages crying.” Gabe shakes his head. “I guess he didn’t realize how special you were until he lost you.”
Gabe’s comment is sweet. I don’t feel special. And the fact that Ty cheated on me is kind of a huge blow to my ego. “Thanks.”
“Have you talked to Ty?” Toby asks.
“I just did, actually. I wasn’t going to, but I figured I was just putting off the inevitable. I’m hoping since I talked to him he will stop calling me every five seconds.”
“What did he say?”
I roll my eyes, remembering our conversation. “A bunch of bull crap. But, in short, he said he made the worst mistake of his life, and he will spend the rest of his life trying to make it up to me.”
Toby and Gabe both nod in agreement.
“He did fuck up really badly,” Gabe says. “But his loss is my gain.”
Toby snorts at that. “Well, when Gabe fucks up, because I don’t doubt he will, I will be here for you, Kihanna.”
I hadn’t thought about Gabriel cheating on me, but now that Toby has put the thought in my head, I can’t help but feel panicked. What if Gabriel does cheat on me? He would, without a doubt, crush my heart.
“I won’t cheat on you,” Gabe promises. “Never.”
His words comfort me.
“We’ll see,” Toby jumps in. “So who is ready for family dinner? I’m fucking starved.”

7:21 PM
Family dinner.

Apparently shorts and a tank top are inappropriate for family dinner. Like it really matters, nobody is going to see me. Just our hired help and the family. So what is the big deal? But it totally matters to Veronica.
“Go change,” she demands.
I laugh. “No way.”
“Mark!” she whines to him. Oh my God! How old is she?
Dad turns to me, and I give him a stubborn look. There is pretty much no way that I am getting up from this table right now. He sighs in defeat, and looks back at Veronica. “I’m sorry. But what is it hurting? It’s just us tonight.” He turns to me. “And Kihanna will dress up for Thanksgiving Day, so we can take lots of family pictures.”
I turn to Veronica. “I agree to this compromise.”
She glares at me, frustrated. She knows she’s lost this battle. “Fine.”
Toby joins the conversation. “I personally like the tank top and shorts, Mom. I think you’re just jealous ‘cause her boobs look better than yours without surgery. And she does have a pretty nice ass…”
Dad cuts him off. “Toby! That is enough. Don’t talk about your stepsister like that.”
“I think Gabe is the one you should be worried about.”
Gabe’s mom, Libby, looks over at Gabe. “Is this true, honey? Should we be worried about you and Kihanna?”
“Would it be so bad if I was interested in Kihanna?” he asks her.
She considers this for a moment. “No, I don’t suppose it would be terrible. Kihanna is a good girl. I just don’t want you to do something stupid and ruin it. I don’t want to make family dinners awkward.”
I lean over and whisper to Toby. “Wow — I just love it when people talk about me like I’m not there.” The sarcasm is heavy in my voice.
Toby laughs like I’ve just said the funniest thing he’s ever heard. And then I remember, he’s high.
“So it’s okay if Kihanna and I date each other?” Gabe confirms.
Libby and Jack both nod their heads, and Veronica seems pretty excited at the idea as well, but my dad stays silent. I am not sure why he’s quiet now. I thought he knew I liked Gabe.
“I thought you already had a boyfriend. What happened to Ty?” he asks.
Toby answers for me. “Ty cheated on her with Jacqueline Hoff.”
“That girl you punched on your first day of school?” Dad asks.
I nod.
“Right. Well, I can’t stop you from dating Gabe, but I think you should give it time before getting serious. There is no sense in rushing things.”
I want to dig a hole. And then I want to bury myself. Seriously, what is up with this family? Can we never have one normal meal together? Apparently not. My stepbrother and boyfriend are high, and our parents practically spend the rest of the meal talking about Gabe and my relationship. Veronica and Libby are practically planning our wedding. I feel like I need to remind them that I’m only seventeen, and I’m definitely not getting married until after I graduate college.
One good thing about being with Gabe is he already knows how crazy my family is. In fact, his family is pretty crazy too.
I laugh to myself. Yep, we are definitely meant to be.



Thursday, November 25
10:54 AM
Just a kiss.




I can’t take it anymore.
Seriously, whose idea was it to spend a whole freaking week in a cabin? Especially considering my crazy family. But it isn’t just my family that is driving me nuts. There is also Libby, who seems to think I am her future daughter-in-law, and of course, there is Gabe. Don’t get me wrong, I like Gabe. A lot. But there is only so much I can take. I just need to get away from everybody before I go crazy.
Veronica has been bugging me about my Thanksgiving outfit since our family dinner Saturday night. I’ve been walking around the house in tank tops and shorts just to make her angry. Of course, the way Gabe looks at me is also a plus. To be honest, I think he’d be happier if I just walked around in my bikini all the time. I bet that would really make Veronica angry. Unless it was Dolce and Gabbana, or some other ridiculously expensive name brand. She’d probably be okay with it then.
Gabe sneaks in my room every night and sneaks out every morning. I have a feeling we aren’t actually being all that sneaky. I think my dad just chooses to feign ignorance, and nobody else really cares.
Early this morning, I called my mom and talked to her. She seemed to be feeling better, and she seemed happy. She was having Thanksgiving dinner with Shelby, one of her best friends. I am just glad she doesn’t have to spend the day alone. I wish she could be here with us today. I have a feeling my mom would be a great buffer for Veronica and me.
Veronica knocks on my door about an hour before dinner. I’m in the middle of curling my hair, and am still in my underwear. I haven’t exactly decided what I want to wear today.
“Come in,” I yell.
She opens the door. “Your hair is looking lovely.”
Wow — a compliment.
“I brought you something.” It’s then that I see the bags in her hands. “You don’t have to wear this, but it’s a beautiful dress, and I know that it would look amazing on you.”
Two nice things in a row. She must really want me to wear whatever is in those bags. I curl my last piece of hair and make my way over to her. I peek inside the back and see a beautiful black and silver dress. It’s strapless. I slip it on, careful not to mess up my hair. The dress cuts off about five-inches above my knees. I am surprised that I actually love it.
“It’s Valentino,” she says. “You look beautiful.”
I grab the other bag from her. It’s shoes, and I recognize the designer. It’s Christian Loubountin Daffodile. They are four-inch, black heels. They are very simple-looking, but elegant. I slide them on, and am pleased to see that they’re not too uncomfortable.
“You are so gorgeous, Kihanna.” She smiles proudly at me.
Whoa, are we having a stepmother-stepdaughter moment here? I actually feel kind of proud. “Thank you, Veronica. It’s a very nice outfit. I will be happy to wear it.”
“You should wear your black pearl necklace with it. And wear your hair up,” she says sternly. And just like that, the moment is over. She walks out of my room, and I resist the urge to flip off the recently shut door. I walk back into the bathroom and put a few finishing touches on my hair. I decide to leave it down, because I like it better that way. Then, I spray on some perfume. I take a look at myself in the mirror and smile. I do look good. I snap a quick picture of myself in the mirror, and send it to my mom. And soon as I send it, there is another knock on the door.
“Come in.”
Gabe comes walking through the door. He’s wearing a suit and tie, and he looks good. Like really good. “You look amazing,” he compliments me. “I’m liking this dress. I can’t wait to take it off.”
His words make me my stomach tighten with anticipation. How can just his words alone turn me on? “I’m excited for you to take it off.”
Gabe wraps his arms around me and begins to kiss me. We are soon interrupted by a “Sorry,” coming from my doorway. I turn to see my dad, who now has his back turned toward us. I feel my face flush and wonder if he is as embarrassed as I am. I’m pretty sure Gabe was cupping my ass with his hands.
“Sorry, Dad,” I quickly apologize.
Gabe mumbles a quick apology and exits my room. Great. Now I can’t even use him as a buffer.
“Are you sure you want to be so serious with Gabe?” My dad asks me as soon as Gabriel is out of earshot.
Great. Now I’m going to get the sex talk. Again. “Dad, it was just a kiss.”
“No, that was not just a kiss, and you know it.” He’s using a stern voice that I haven’t heard before from him, and I know he’s serious.
“I’ll be careful, Dad,” I promise him. “I’m a big girl. I know what I’m doing.”
“I know,” he smiles sadly at me. “I love you. I hate that I missed out on so much of your life. But I am proud of the woman you are becoming.”
His words bring tears to my eyes. “I love you too, Dad.”
“How are you doing? I know it must be hard not having your mom here.”
I shrug. “I’m doing okay. I miss her a lot, but it helps knowing that I get to see her for Christmas. I’m excited about the cruise. Mom and me always planned on going on one, but we never got around to it. I’m so glad she gets to come with us.”
He doesn’t respond, he just pulls me in for a hug. “I don’t tell you this enough, but I’m glad you’re here with me.”
“Me too.” Because even though I miss my mom like crazy, there is nowhere else I would rather be.
“We are taking pictures in ten minutes. Try not to be late. You know how Veronica gets.”
I roll my eyes, but nod. As my dad leaves the room, I can’t help but wonder what attracted him to Veronica. They are like polar opposites. Though, I guess sometimes love doesn’t care if you’re compatible or not.
And then I think about Gabriel. Maybe someday we will get married. Obviously you can’t marry somebody based on your sexual attraction to them… Well, I guess you can, but that wouldn’t be smart… But we haven’t really hung out much outside of the bedroom. He and Toby spend most of the day in his bedroom, getting high and playing video games. And I spend my day watching Pretty Little Liars re-runs. Yeah, I know — I’m pathetic. It also makes me feel a little used. But part of me, the very horny part of me, doesn’t care. Sex with Gabe is pretty amazing.
I give myself one more look in the mirror, pushing all other thoughts aside, and then head downstairs for family pictures.
Joy.

12:12 PM
Thankful for…

Thanksgiving lunch is… extravagant. Though, I guess I shouldn’t expect anything less. I guess I just thought that since we’re in the mountains, in a secluded cabin, that maybe it wouldn’t be a big show. I was wrong. We are sitting at a huge dining room table. The chandelier in this room is definitely not made of deer antlers. The plates we are eating from are elegant — it’s definitely a change from the Target plates my own mom buys. I think of all the children in the world that could have a meal if they would’ve bought cheaper plates and donated the rest of the money to charity. 
“Kihanna, do you have any Thanksgiving traditions with your mom?” my dad asks.
I nod. “The usual. We always say one thing we are thankful for. But we also always say one thing we’d like to be thankful for next year. Like next year, I hope I’ll be in a good college, making good grades. So I’m thankful for it ahead of time.”
“Let’s do that! You go first Kihanna,” he says.
“Okay.” I sit up straighter in my chair. “I am thankful to be here with my dad, and with my new family. I’m thankful for all the friends I’ve made. And I’m thankful that I will be accepted into a nice college, and hopefully will have a good scholarship.”
Toby goes next. “I’m thankful for my new stepsister. I’m glad she’s not a bitch, and she’s pretty awesome. And for next year, I’ll be thankful to just have passed the eleventh grade.”
I have to laugh. “Toby, you are the best stepbrother — ever.”
“I know.”
Dad goes next. “I too am thankful for Kihanna. I’m glad she’s here with me, and that I’m finally getting the chance to know my daughter. I hate the time we missed, but I am going to try my hardest to make up for that time. And next year, I’ll be thankful for moving forward.”
I give my dad an awkward side hug. After everybody finishes what they’re thankful for, we eat. And when I say eat, I really mean gorge. There is so much food, because apparently turkey isn’t enough. Once we finish eating, Dad and Jack sit down to watch a football game, and Toby, Gabriel, and I go to the basement to play a game of pool.
“I wonder if Veronica would mind if I changed my clothes,” I say, looking down at my dress. It’s a little too short to be playing pool in.
Gabe is the one to answer. “I most definitely think she would be angry. Please tell me you’re not wearing underwear.”
I playfully hit is arm. “Gabriel Johnson! You little perv!”
“When we were saying what we were thankful for, I came this,” he holds his index finger and his thumb half an inch apart, “close to saying Kihanna’s pussy. But I’m pretty sure your dad wouldn’t have approved.”
I put my hands on my hips. “If you’re going to be like that, then you won’t get near it for a very long time.”
He gets a very serious look on his face. “I was kidding!”
“Whatever you say.”
Gabe pulls me into his arms, and kisses my forehead. “I’m sorry. You know I love a lot more than just your pussy.”
“Hello, I’m standing right here.” Toby gags as he cues up the balls.
I ignore Toby. “What all do you like?”
Gabriel grabs a strand of my hair. “I like your hair. And your eyes. I love your body.” He gently runs his hand down my side. “I like your kisses.” He kisses my lips gently. “I like your ass,” he says and grabs my butt. This makes me smile. Then he runs his hand gently across my lips. “I like your smile.” He pulls me closer, and I rest my head on his chest.
“What else do you like? Besides my appearance.”
“Everything. I seriously don’t think there is one thing I don’t like about you.”
“Give it time,” I joke.
“Gabe forgot to mention your awesome boobs,” Toby says. “Now let’s play pool.”
I cross my arms over my chest. “Toby, you are so not allowed to look at my boobs. Or mention them. Ever again.”
“Whatever. Let’s just play.” He hands me a stick. “You break.”
As I bend over to break, Gabe grabs my butt and makes me jump. I turn around and glare at him. “You’re not allowed to stand behind me while we play.”
He pouts. “Where is the fun in that?”
I bend over to shoot again, and he grabs my butt. I knock his hand off. “I’m serious, Gabriel. Knock it off.”
“Fine,” he backs away. “I will beat you anyway.”
This makes me laugh. I haven’t seen Gabriel play before, but I am very good. From the time I was nine, until I moved here, every Tuesday night my mom bowled with her bowling league. While she bowled, I would play pool. Sometimes I played by myself, and other time I would play random opponents. When I first started going, I was forced to go because my mom thought I was too young to stay home, then I went because I genuinely liked playing pool… Well that, and I got bored staying at home.
“Want to bet?” I put my hands on my hips. This is going to be good.
“I don’t want to take your money,” he says sweetly.
“Whatever you say. I’m sure bruising your ego will feel just as good as taking your money…” my voice trails off.
“Fine.” He pulls out his wallet. “How much?”
I flash him a smile. “I have a better idea.”
“What’s that?”
“I’m thinking Celine Dion karaoke… In front of the whole school.” It’s hard to say that with a straight face, but somehow I pull it off. I hear Toby laughing, but I keep my eyes on Gabe. He looks like he’s about to decline my offer, so I add, “Unless you’re chicken.”
There is a determination in his eyes when I say that. “Deal.”
Men seriously never grow up. This is just proof.
“But,” he adds, “if I win, you have to…”
“Nothing dirty!” Toby cuts Gabe off.
“Damn…” He thinks for a moment. “Fine. If I win, you have to go skinny dipping… In Jacqueline Hoff’s pool… Without her permission.”
I think about this for a moment. I’m confident in my skills, but I haven’t seen Gabe play before. What if he is better than me? I don’t want to sneak into Jacqueline’s pool. If I got caught I would definitely go to jail. And then I would be teased for the rest of my high school career. She would probably even take pictures and post them online.
“Unless you’re chicken,” Gabe repeats my words back to me.
Now I can’t say no. “You’re on.”
Gabe moves to the side and I bend over and shoot the ball. When I do, I knock three solid colors in at the same time. When I look over at Gabe, he’s fake yawning. “Beginner’s luck.”
I smile at that. He will see it’s definitely not just beginners luck. I shoot again knocking in two more solid colored balls. When I look back up, he looks worried. “What’s the matter?” I ask him. “Afraid you’re going to have to sing Celine Dion.”
“Nah. You will miss. Eventually. Probably now, actually. I’m pretty sure that next shot is impossible.”
I look at the table. It’s hard, but not impossible. I do the math in my head, and am one hundred percent certain that I can make this shot. I shoot the ball, and it bounces around the table once. Gabe is smiling, because he thinks I missed, but at last, the ball drops in. His face turns white as a ghost.
“This is so not fair!”
I just ignore him, and continue shooting. At last, I am down the eight ball. I shoot and it goes in perfectly. I start jumping up and down and dancing. Yeah, I rock that much.
“What the fuck?” Gabe asks me. “How? When did you learn to play like that? You didn’t miss once!”
I laugh with a shrug. “I guess it was just beginner’s luck.”
“You are not a beginner.”
“No. But I bet that is the last time you doubt my mad skills. And by the way, you should probably start practicing for your performance.” I let out a little squeal. Okay, so maybe I’m acting a little immature, but I don’t care. This is freaking hilarious.
“No way! I’m not doing that!”
“Yes you are. You said you would. And if I would’ve lost, you so would’ve made me skinny dip in Jacqueline’s pool!”
“You don’t have proof.” He crosses his arms stubbornly.
Toby clears his throat, and holds up his phone. “Actually, I do.” He pushes the play button the video. “It’s already got fifty comments on Staying Connected. There is also a poll to see which song people want you to sing. So far All By Myself is winning, followed closely by My Heart Will Go On, and Beauty and the Beast.”
This makes me laugh — hard. Soon Gabe and Toby both start laughing too.
“Fine. I’ll do this. The first day we are back at school. I’ll have somebody pull the fire alarm, and when everybody comes out I will do my thing. I will probably get suspended for a few days, but it will totally be worth it.”
I picture all the students and staff walking outside, wondering what’s going on, and then Gabe starts singing. It’s pretty much going to be epic.
After playing and winning a few more games, I end up watching Toby and Gabe against each other. They’re both pretty good, but not nearly as good as me. I don’t think they like playing with me, because I am hazardous to their egos. I’m not sure why, but that makes me happy.

11:14 PM
Going home.

As always, Gabe sneaks into my room, but tonight he doesn’t attack me with kisses. He just lies there beside me in the dark. He has yet to say a word, and this scares me a little. I wonder if I did something wrong.
“Gabe?” I ask.
“Yeah?” His voice sounds a little distant.
“Are you okay?”
He doesn’t reply for a very long time. “Kihanna, you know that I love you, right?”
Oh, God. I don’t like how this is starting. “Yeah…” My voice trails off, and my stomach fills with dread. I know exactly what is coming next, but I am hoping that I am wrong.
“I’m not ready for this. For us.”
This brings tears to my eyes, but I try not to let him hear it in my voice. “Why?”
“I just…” He takes a deep breath before continuing. “I am so happy. And I keep thinking about Lily. I took any chance of happiness she ever had. She won’t know what it’s like to have true love. I shouldn’t get the chance either. It isn’t fair.”
“So this is it?” I confirm. “Just like that, you’re done with me?”
“I care about you.”
This makes me angry. “Fuck you, Gabe. You don’t care about anybody but yourself. You couldn’t decide this before you screwed me? Or did you just decide that I needed to be fucked up as bad as you are?”
“That’s not what this is…”
I stand up, not wanting to hear anymore of his half-ass excuses. “Congratulations. You stole my virginity and broke my heart all in one week. Don’t ever come near me again.”
He starts to say something else, but I don’t listen. I run out of my room, and into Toby’s. He’s asleep, so I turn on his light.
“Toby,” I cry, as I shake him.
He stirs, and sits up when he sees me. “Kihanna, what’s wrong?”
“You were right about Gabe. He’s a jerk.”
“I’ll fucking kill him!” Toby shoots up out of bed, but I stop him before he gets to the door.
“No, just take me home, please.” I sob. “I just don’t want to be near him right now.”
Toby considers what I’m asking him for a few seconds, and then he nods. “Okay, let’s go home.”
I follow him into the hallway and am glad to see that Gabe is nowhere in sight. If I never see him again, it will be too soon. I get inside the passenger side of Toby’s car, and bawl my eyes out as we head home.
I was right about one thing — Gabe does have the ability to shred my heart into millions of tiny pieces. I just didn’t think he would do it.

1:43 AM
Black.

As we get closer home, I force myself to stop crying. It’s stupid to cry over a guy. Especially a guy who doesn’t love me back, because despite what he says, he doesn’t love me. If he did, he wouldn’t have broken up with me.
“He’s an idiot, you know,” Toby says. He has been pretty quiet the whole drive. He just let me cry, which is exactly what I needed.
I smile at his words. “Thanks, but I think I’m the idiot.”
“You’re not an idiot and don’t even think it,” he says sternly. “You always see the good in people, which is one of the things I love about you, but it’s also one of your downfalls. You trust people, even before they deserve it. You have a good heart.”
“Well, I’m pretty much done trusting people.” My voice is a little bitter.
“Don’t let one fuckwad change who you are,” he scolds me. “Seriously. I know you’re better than that.”
“I know, damn it,” I turn and punch the back of my seat. “Why did Gabe do that? I thought he wanted to be with me. Why did he just break up with me for no reason?”
“Maybe he got scared,” Toby suggests. “Besides Lily, I don’t think Gabe has ever had a serious relationship. He only dated her a month, but I doubt they would have lasted much longer. He has always been a bit of a player.”
“He told me he loved her,” I counter.
“He might think that. Maybe he feels better thinking that, because of what happened, but he never loved her.” Toby is very confident in his statement. “When he crashed, he was actually texting another girl.”
This makes me gasp. “He told me he was texting Ty.”
He shakes his head. “Nope.”
So I can add liar to the list of Gabriel’s bad traits. It’ll go right under user and jerk.
“At least he has to sing Celine Dion in front of the whole school,” Toby reminds me.
This makes me laugh — hard. I didn’t realize just how bad I needed to laugh like that. 
“Toby, you’re awesome.”
“That’s what all the girls say,” he responds in normal Toby-fashion.
As we pull into our driveway, the house looks dark. It’s usually always lit up, so it feels weird. “Why is it so dark?”
“All the staff is off for the holidays. Except Nicholas,” he explains. “He always stays around to look after the house.”
“Oh. I didn’t even think about that.”
Toby pulls up to the front of the circle drive, and we get out of the car and walk toward the house. It feels good to be home. It was nice to get away for a while, but I’m glad I won’t have to see Gabriel much while I’m here. We turn on the lights in the foyer as we walk inside. As the room lights up, I let out a scream at the sight in front of me. Our butler, Nicholas is lying on the ground, surrounded by a pool of blood.
Toby grabs me and puts his hand over my mouth. He then whispers, “Don’t scream. They might still be here. Do you understand?”
I nod my head, slowly. He’s right. I have to stay calm and rational right now. I can’t freak out.
“Now, we are going to slowly and quietly walk out of here,” he whispers.
I nod again, because I know I can’t speak. Toby grabs my hand, and starts to pull me back toward the door. I’m thankful for this, because I don’t think I could move without his help. He is about to grab the handle when I hear a gun cock. Fear shoots through my body, as I turn around and face the killer. I can’t look at his face. I am too scared. I watch as his finger pulls the trigger, and then I watch helplessly as Toby falls to the ground. I scream, and fall to my knees beside him as I watch him bleed. I’m not even paying attention to the shooter now, I’m just screaming Toby’s name over and over again as the red stain on his shirt grows bigger. I don’t even notice that he shooter has now walked over to me.
“Kihanna Evers.” I hate hearing my name on his lips. I look up at him, and I know for a fact that I have never seen him before. I would definitely remember the evil look in his brown eyes.
“Ho… How… do… you… k… know… m… my… name?” I stutter.
“How could I not know you? Daughter of The Mark Evers. You’re famous, don’t you know?” His smile makes me cringe. He points the gun toward me. “You should have listened to the notes. You should have left. They gave you fair warning?”
“They?” How does he know about the notes? “Who left me the notes? Was it you?” My stomach hurts at the thought — has this creep been watching me the whole time? But I don’t give it a second thought. I have to help Toby. If I don’t get him to a hospital soon, he is going to die. “Please, just let me go. Toby needs to go to the hospital. Please.”
“If I leave now, then you will just identify me to the cops and I will be in jail within in the hour.” He shakes his head. “You weren’t even supposed to be here. Why are you here? If you weren’t, this would have gone perfectly.”
“What are you doing? Are you robbing the house?” I’m stalling him with my questions. I look at the gun in his hand, and I’m trying to remember the defense moves I learned last summer. I’m wondering if I can move fast enough to get the gun out of his hand.
He starts to respond to my question, but I don’t give the guy time. I slam my fist into his groin and knock the gun out of his hand. I watch as it slides across the marble floor, and without hesitation I chase after it. The shooter is not far behind me, so I grab the gun and point the end toward him.
My hands are shaking as I rest my finger on the trigger of the gun. I aim it toward his head. Without a moment of hesitation, I pull the trigger. The gun jerks in my hands, but I hold it steady as the shot fires. The loud blast makes my ears ring. I hold onto the gun as if my life depends on it, as I watch him fall to the floor. There is blood splattered on the wall behind him, but I turn my head away so I don’t have to see. I know for a fact that he is dead.
I feel somebody gently touch my arm, and am aware that somebody is saying my name, but I don’t respond. I just let the gun fall to the floor, and feel my knees hit the marble floor. All I can think is that I just killed a man, and I didn’t think twice about doing it. What kind of person does that make me?
It isn’t long before I feel my whole body hit the floor, and then everything slowly fades to black.



Friday, November 26
9:54 AM
Numb.




I wake up with my head pounding. Everything is too loud and too bright. I try to feel for my phone, so I can shut off my alarm, but I realize that I’m not at home. There is not a nightstand beside my bed — there are bars. I open my eyes to see I am lying in a hospital bed, and the beep is coming from the heart monitor next to me. Flashes from the night before come rushing back to me, as I think about Nicholas and Toby.
Gabriel is sitting in the recliner, looking at me. “You’re awake!”
“Where’s Toby?” I ask in a panic. I have to know he’s okay.
“Toby is okay. He’s in another room, recovering from surgery,” Gabe answers calmly.
“Toby is going to be okay?” I confirm once more.
“Yes, he will be fine,” he answers.
I feel as though a huge weight has been lifted off of my chest, until I think of the guy that I killed. My eyes fill with tears as I look at Gabe. “I killed a man, didn’t I?”
He avoids my question. “Let me get your dad. He went to get coffee. He should be back any second.”
“Gabriel, answer my damn question!” I yell at him. I already know the answer, so I don’t know why I am asking, but I need to hear it confirmed. “DID I KILL A MAN?”
He sighs. “Yes, but you did it to protect yourself. You saved your life, and Toby’s.”
“But… But… I didn’t,” I quickly shake my head. “I passed out. Somebody else was there. Who else was there?”
“That was me. After you left I realized what a huge mistake I had made. I was coming after you to tell you that I changed my mind. As I was walking toward you house, I heard a gunshot… I thought something happened to you… I…” Gabriel’s eyes fill with tears. “Will you ever forgive me?”
It’s then that I realize exactly why I went home early — because of Gabe. And I want to forgive him, I really do, but something in me has changed. I’m not the same girl I was twenty-four hours ago. “I’m sorry. I can’t forgive you. If it wasn’t for you, me and Toby wouldn’t have come home.”
I watch as the tears fall down his face. “I’m so sorry, Kihanna.”
I don’t say anything. I just watch him as he cries. I know I should say something, I should feel something, but I don’t. I’m just completely numb.
As my dad comes in the room, Gabe exits, leaving me in there with him. He looks relieved to see me awake. “I am so glad you’re okay.”
I try to smile, but I know it must not reach my eyes. “Is Mom on her way?” That’s exactly what I need — to see my mom. She can make me feel better. She always make me feel better.
“Your mom can’t come, I’m sorry.”
I wait for an explanation, but one doesn’t come. “Why not? Does she know I’m in the hospital?”
“There is something that you should know about your mom…” His voice trails off, and I can see the pain in his eyes. “Your mom is sick.”
“But when she’s better, she will come,” I say confidently.
“Kihanna, your mom is sick,” he says again.
“I know. I heard you the first time. She will come as soon as she gets better.” And then the severity of his words hit me like a ton of bricks. “Mom isn’t getting better, is she? That’s why she sent me to live with you.”
Now it all makes sense. All the times I called her and she sounded sick.
“What is wrong with her?” I ask, trying not to cry. “She’s not dead, so there is hope, right? Can’t you do something to help her? Fly to her some magic doctor? There has to be something you can do.”
He shakes his head sadly. “I’m sorry, but there is nothing the doctors can do. She has an inoperable brain tumor. It’s stage four cancer, and the doctor gave her three months to live about four months ago. The doctors are surprised she’s lasted this long.”
“I want to see her!” I yell. “I have to see her!”
“Please, calm down.”
“I can’t calm down!” I begin sobbing hard. “I want to see my mom. Please, can you fly me to her?”
He considers my words and then nods his head. “As soon as they release you from the hospital, we will go see her.”
It isn’t soon enough, but it’s something. As if my heart couldn’t get any heavier, I now felt like I had the weight of the world on my chest. “Why did she send me here? Why didn’t she wait until after she was… dead? I could have had all these months with her.”
“You should call her.” He hands me his phone. “She is the only one who can truly answer that question.”
He walks out of the door, and I hold his phone in my hand. It feels heavier than any phone should, though maybe it’s just because I’m exhausted — physically and mentally. I dial my mom’s number about five times before I am actually brave enough to let it ring.
“Hello,” my mom’s frail voice answers the phone. How had I not realized before just how sick she was? Was I that wrapped up in my own bubble that I couldn’t see past my own selfish needs?
“Mom…” My voice breaks off and I cry softly. “Is it true?”
“Oh, baby, I’m sorry.” I can hear how sad she is, but I know my mom. She’s not sad for herself. She’s sad for me.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” I’m whispering into the phone, because I know that I can’t talk. My whole world has just fallen apart, piece by piece, and I’m not strong enough to put it back together.
“Because I knew you would want to be here with me, and I want you to remember me the way I was. I don’t want you to remember me sick, Kihanna.” My mom is whispering too. “I’m so sorry, I wanted to tell you. I just couldn’t.”
“I’m going to come see you, Mom. I need to see you.”
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea. I’m not doing very well right now.”
The fact that she’s telling me, makes it feel that much more real. I know she has to be really sick. “Will you still be here at Christmas?” I need one last Christmas with my mom. I need it like I need my next breath.
My mom is silent for a long time — too long. Her silence gives me the answer I need.
“As soon as I am released from the hospital, Dad is bringing me there.”
“How are you feeling?”
Wow — she is asking me how I’m feeling… “I’m fine, Mom. I just passed out. Toby was the one who was hurt.”
“I heard. I also heard that you saved your life and his life. I’m so glad that I made you take that defense class.”
“Me too. And all those target practices came in handy.” I cringe at my words.
“I know that it’s a lot to deal with right now, but you did the right thing. I know that you will only grow stronger from this,” she says confidently. I wish that I felt as confident as her. “You have your dad, Toby, Veronica, Gabe, and all your new friends.”
I don’t have Gabe. But I’m not going to tell her that. I need her to think that I am happy. “I can survive this, Mom… I’m just not sure I can survive losing you. You are everything to me.”
“I know you can, Kihanna. You are so strong! You are going to move past this, and grow into the strong independent woman I know you are. You’re going to do it by living one day at a time. You’re going to go to school, get good grades, and get into a good college. Remember — always make time for fun. Hang out with Gabe and your girl friends. Spend time with your dad, because he loves you so much. And live each day like it’s your last. And when you can’t get up for yourself, do it for me. Because I swear, if you waste time crying over me, I will haunt you.”
Through my tears, I laugh. “Mom, I love you.”
“I love you too.”

1:44 PM
Pain.

I finally convince my nurse to wheel me down to Toby’s room. I’ve been dying to see him. The nurse tells me that he too has been asking for me.
“Hey, Toby,” I greet him, as I am wheeled into his room. The nurse locks my wheels and sternly informs us that we only have fifteen minutes.
“I am so glad to see you,” he whispers.
“Are you in pain?” I ask.
“I have a huge hole in my stomach. What do you think?” Only Toby could use sarcasm after nearly bleeding to death.
“Ouch,” I say.
“Thank you for saving my life.”
When he says the words, I realize why I didn’t hesitate to pull the trigger. When it comes down to it, I will do anything to protect my family. I did what I had to in order to protect Toby, and I would do it again if I had to.
“You’re welcome.” It doesn’t feel like the right words, but what else are you supposed to say when somebody thanks you for killing somebody in order to protect them?
“I’m sorry about your mom. Your dad just told me.”
I nod but don’t say anything. The sharp pain in my chest will be a constant reminder. My mom is dying, and there is nothing that I can do to save her. “We’ve had a pretty crazy Thanksgiving break, huh?”
“Especially you with all your boy drama. I can’t keep up anymore.” He’s trying to get my mind off of my mom. I love him for it.
I’m not sure what to say now. Boy drama seems so stupid right now, especially when I look at the big picture. I feel so stupid for even worrying about having a boyfriend.
“Tell me about your mom.” The words from Toby’s mouth stun me. That was so not what I expected, but I’m glad he said it. I want to tell him about her. Pretty soon she will just be a memory, and I want everybody to know just how awesome she is.
“When people talk about my mom, the first thing that they mention is her smile. She has an unforgettable smile — I swear she can light up the darkest room.” I smile thinking about it. “She is beautiful, inside and out. She always put the needs of others before herself — me included. I was the center of her world, and I didn’t even realize until I moved here. She is a joy to be around. Most of the time I opted to stay home and be with my mom, because I enjoyed spending time with her more than people from my school.”
I continue talking about my mom, and Toby just listens. I’m sad when our fifteen minutes are up, and the nurse comes to wheel me back to my room. I’m wondering why I’m still here. I only fainted.
“You should forgive Gabe,” Toby says, as I’m about to leave the room.
“I can’t.”
“You love him, Kihanna. I can see it in your eyes. You’re going to need him. Now more than ever.”
“Maybe I did.” Lie. I still do. But I’m not admitting it. Not to Toby, not to Gabe, and definitely not to myself. “But I’m over it.”
“No you’re not. But I’m here for you.”
“Time to go,” the nurse says as she pushes me out into the hall. I want to cry, but there are no tears left inside of me. Now I’m left with sadness, pain, anger, and disappointment.
“Am I going to be released soon?” I ask her.
“You will have to ask your doctor. He should be making his way to your room in about two hours,” she answers. “You should get some sleep now.”
Once we get to my room, she tries to help me into my bed. “I’ve got this.” I push myself up, and nearly fall at the weight of myself. I would think that I’ve gained two hundred pounds, but she catches me like I weigh nothing.
“There is nothing wrong with asking for help,” she says sternly once I’m in the bed. “See you later, Miss Evers.”
After she closes the door, I find it easy to fall asleep. Sleep is exactly what I need.

4:04 PM
My little secret.

I am woken up by the sound of my door being opened. I look up to see my doctor walking in. He is smiling. “Hey, Miss Evers, how are you feeling?”
I decide to go with honesty. “Like I got ran over by a train, and said train backed up and ran over me again.”
The doctor laughs. “Well, the good news is that you didn’t get hit by a train. Your vitals are fine. You were a little dehydrated, but we’ve been pumping fluids into you, so you’re good now. The thing that we are most concerned with now is your mental state.”
I wasn’t expecting that. Do they think I’m crazy?
“A little PTSD is expected after all you’ve been through. I gave your prescription to your parents. It’s something to help calm your nerves, and I have recommended that you see a shrink. Your shrink will help you with a mixture of therapy and the right medication.”
“I don’t want to be medicated,” I say. Though, maybe I do. I just want to feel nothing.
“Eventually you won’t have to be,” he promises. “I’m going to get your release papers signed, and you should be out of here in the next hour.”
“Thank you,” I tell him.
Once he leaves the room, I look around my room. It’s full of flowers. On the table next to me, there is a beautiful bouquet of purple roses. I tug on the note, assuming they’re either from Gabriel or Ty, but they’re not.

You only think you’re safe. I’ll get you next time, bitch.

I drop the note in terror as I look around the room. Nothing else seems out of place, and it looks the same way it did before I went to sleep. I think, anyway.
I should tell somebody. I should show my dad this note.
But what if he won’t let me go see Mom because of it?
I take the note and stuff it inside my pocket. It’ll be my little secret, for now.

The end.
Look for Book 2, I Hate Goodbye, coming Fall 2013!
    As an indie author, I rely heavily on my readers to get the word out on my books. If you loved this story, it would mean the world to me if you left a review where you purchased it! <3 Once I reach 50 reviews on Amazon, I will release chapter one of I Hate Goodbye (The Kihanna Saga, #2)!

If you would like to talk about the Kihanna Saga with other fans, be sure to join the Kihanna Discussion Group on Facebook!! https://www.facebook.com/groups/126969870845355/ 

Also be sure to check out my website, http://www.mercyamare.com, for dream casts, playlists and other cool stuff!!!
Check out my other books!

The Rockstar Trilogy:
-  Jaded
-  Faded
- Hated

Stand Alones:
- Don’t Tell
- You Got Me
Acknowledgements

Less than one year ago, I was miserable. I was working at a terrible job that I hated. I had Don’t Tell written, and I thought why not give it a chance? So I self-published it. Now, I am releasing my FIFTH book. I am living my dream. I never thought that this was possible. But it IS! And it’s because of YOU, my readers, that THIS is possible. I have the best job in the world. Thank you for all your emails, Facebook messages, comments, and Tweets! I LOVE every single message I get. I’m not kidding, every time I get them my day is INSTANTLY brighter. And thank you to everybody who has taken the time to review my books. You ROCK.

Next, I would like to thank my BFF, Tess. Thank you for beta reading all of my books. Thank you for hosting my blog tours, cover reveals, release blitz, giveaways, and everything else! Thank you for hosting ME every summer ;). Thank you for just being an awesome friend. Seriously, I don’t think I could have done this without you. I’m so grateful that the Internet brought us together! OH, and everybody can thank Tess for the pool boy scene. She demanded it. ;)

TO ALL THE AMAZING BOOK BLOGGERS IN THE WORLD: I LOVE YOU! Seriously, I can’t thank you enough for what you do. It’s because of you that indie authors are where we are today. And it’s because of you that I get to live out this crazy dream. Thank you.

To Holly Paola, my AMAZING new beta reader. Thank you for a fresh set of eyes, and a new perspective on Kihanna’s life. I appreciate you taking the time to read my book. And thank you for waiting, while I SLOWLY sent you one chapter at a time. Also, thank you Alaina Keller for introducing us. <3

My husband, my number one supporter. You encouraged me to keep writing, and you believed in me when I didn’t even believe in myself. Thank you. Because without you, I’d probably still be working that miserable 9-5 job. Thank you for reading my books, and thank you for not waiting on the movie.

Laura Heritage — wow! You amaze me with your designs. Thank you for designing such a beautiful cover for this story. Also, thank you for editing on such short notice! I seriously heart you!

<3 Mercy Amare
    Fine me online:

Website: http://www.mercyamare.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/authormercyamare 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/MercyAmare 
Instagram: http://instagram.com/mercyamare 
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6464549.Mercy_Amare 
Email: mercyamare@gmail.com 
